rHE WOOL TRADE OF AUSTRALIA. We publish elsewhere among our com mercial reports an interesting review of the business transacted in wool in Aus tralia during the Dast vear. issued bv Messrs. Goldsbrough & Co., of Mel bourne. It contains also a statement a3 to the condition of the clip of the past season, to which we may refer before touching on the other interesting features of the document. The verdict Is that the return has been on the whole satisfactory. Unfavourable weather, want of rain, and scarcity of feed somewhat allected the quality cf the wool from a part of the Riverine district, in the western district of Victoria, and in South Aus tralia. Nevertheless the greater portion of the Riverine woob are pronounced to be 'in excellent order, sound, and well grown/' while a good clip has been ob tained in Queensland and in New South Wales. That from Tasmania is in better condition than in the previous year. As to New Zealand, owing to the delay in shearing operations, no details have been received upon which to base an opinion. Referring to South Australia, it 13 stated that the yield has been an average one, but still under that of the previous year. This 13 especially the case in respect of lambs' woo!, the increase of lambs being considerably below that cf the pre ceding season. On the whole, however, it may be expected that the exports of the past season's wool will exceed those of 1878-0. It is, estimated, indeed, that the total exports from Australia will be 40,000 bales in excess of those of he year before, which amounted to 827,400 bales. The contributions of each colony are not, however, accurately stated by Messrs. Goldsbrough. Thus, they estimate the South Australian exports for 1878-9 at 111,100 bales, whereas, ac cording to the Customs returns, they ex ceeded these figures by over 8,000 bales. We do not know how the discrepancy is to be accounted for, unless it is that the wool sent to Melbourne via Victor Har bour have been omitted from the calcula tion, but, at all events, the estimate is below the mark. . The number of bales allotted to Victoria— 300,104 bales— is obviously made up largely of wools from New South Walc3. In other rcipects, too, the statistics have to be taken with some qualifications. While on this subject it may be inte estmg to reier to a matter wmen tne eport does not touch, namely, the [uantity of wool exported from the various colonies to different countries luring the season 1878-0, as shown in the ollowing table : — From Bales. Victoria to England ... ~. 291,994 Victoria to America ? — Victoria to Japan — ? 774 New South Wales to England ... 158,325 New South Wales to America ... 1,728 Queensland to England ? 34,502 South Australia to England ... 131,142 Tasmania to England ? 24,491 Western Australia to England ~ 8,48? New Zealand to England ? 180,856 Total ? 830,299 As compared with the exports for the previous season the statistics show an in crease in 1878-0 of 26,759 bales, amount ing to an advance of about 3 per cent. Tin's is principally made up from New South Wales and South Australian wools. In the season of 1877-8, South Australia exported to England 121,884 bales, and in 1878-9 the exports amounted to 131,142 bales. At the same time the clip of this colony in the last-mentioned season is pronounced to be an inferior one. From these facts a moral may be drawn, which is not at all grati fying to South Australia. It is clear that the quality of the wool pro duced in this country does not compare favourably with that of the clip of the neighbouring colonies. Secondly, the figures we have quoted emphasize the point to which we have often alluded before, that the quantity produced is remarkably small for a country which pos sesses an almost unlimited area of pastoral country. Tens of thousands of square miles of country are lying idle on which millions of sheep might be reared if only squatters could be induced to occupy the country. A very satisfactory feature in Messrs. Goldsbrough's review is the evidence it affords that the sales of wool held in Vic toria are not only attended by local buyera, but have attracted the representa tives of French, German, and American purchasers. The attention that is being paid to the trade by buyers from the United States is especially significant. As the review says, America is coming strongly to the. front as a manufacturing country, and it is satisfactory to find that a direct trade is establishing itself between Australia and that country. Had it not been for the suicidal fiscal policy pursued in America there is no doubt that this trade would have attained immense pro portions long ago, but as it is it is pleasing to learn that a beginning is being made, notwithstanding the almost prohibitory duties placed upon wools imported into America. The manufacturers of that country are begin ning to realize the disadvantage under which they are labouring, and an agitation has been on foot for some time past to remedy the evil. That evil is so pro nounced and so seriously detrimental to the interests of manufacturers in America, that the hope may be indulged of a speedy change for the better. England is now to a considerable extent dependent upon America as a purchaser for the vast quantities of wool disposed of in the London marts, and the require ments of the States are greatly on the in crease. Hence it is probable that to facili tat e the trade with England and Australia an alteration of the American tariff will be made ere long. It is to the advan tage of the manufacturers of the latter country to avoid the unnecessary expense of procuring Australian products through English hands, and it is also very much to the benefit of the Australian woolgrower to bring about a direct trade. In course of time the sales in Australia will neces sarily assume immense importance. Already those of Victoria are attracting a yearly increasing number of home and foreign buyers, and there is reason to hope that a maiket will in process of time be established in South Australia, which will secure the attendance of an almost equally large and equally desirable class of purchasers. The Fei:bcaet Show.— The February Show of the Koyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society will be open to-day to the public. Some cf the departments were judged yesterday ; but all the perishable articles as well as the grain will be entered this morning and judged to-day. The exhibition in the divisions which the Judges have been over is not an extensive one, but it is hoped that to-day'H entries will make up for this. The prize-list, as far as it has been finished, will be found in another column. The John Eldeh.— The John Elder was re ported from [Cape Borda at about 11.30 o'clock on Wednesday morning. She made an excellent run up the Gulf, and was sighted from the stations long before sunset. The handsome vessel kept on her northerly course until the Guarantee balk and smelting works chimney were brought in one, when she steered boldly in for the roadstead, and came to anchor in a first-rate birth. The episodes of the voyage were neither numerous nor very startling. Ou the night of February 3 the camet was first ob served, and was watched for several nights with great interest. The total number of passengers on board was 336, and not a case of sickness or death occurred daring the passage. The vessel had hardly been anchored an hour before the liulk was alongside and the cargo was being discharged. The John Elder is appointed to sail early this moruiug. Ar-EtAiD2 Flora at Stdxey Exhikitio*. — From our Sydney telegram it will be seen that the Flour Judges are delaying send ing in their report on account of a doubt as to whether Messrs. W. C. Har rison & Co.'s Hour, which is considered the best, is a commercial sample. In regard to this latler poibt, we are assured by Messrs. Harrison that tbeir exhibit was made from the ordinary run *-f wheat from which they make their ordi nary superfine Jlour. Lank .u Adelaide Maxagkuect. — We are informed that Mr. K. G. Wilkinson is leaving the National Lank of Australasia, having accepted the position of Manager of the Bank of Adelaide. Hoy. J. Fhasee, uf Stdnet.— Amongst the passengers by the John Elder was the Hon. J. Fraser, M.L.C. of the colony of New Sooth Wales. Ths Dahaoi to teb Nobth Liki.— A special train was sent from Gawler at 2 o'clock on Wed netday morning with tracks of ballast for re pairing the portion of the line between Wasleya and Hamtey which was damaged on Tuesday night. Gangers and tools were obtained on the way up, and the piece of lino was soon put into a good state of repair. The 7 o'clock train from Adelaide passed along the line in safety, but before the down-traiu from KaUett arrived at Uamlcy Bridge there wis another heavy storm, and the ballast at the old spot was once more dU placed. There was also a heavy storm in the vicinity of Stockport, and a quarter of a mile beyond that station the line was also injured. So severe was the rain that one man had to walk through water up to his waisfc in carrying his wife and children from their hut. The train was delayed for two hours while the flood subsided and the lino was repaired, and arrived at Adelaide at half« past 2 o'clock, or two hours lato. The af ternoou trains passed through all right, bui it was not safe to travel at the usual speed, and the conse quence was that the night train did not arrive t Adelaide until a quarter to 11 o'clock, au hour and a quarter lato. A train left Gawler at o'clock this morniug to make the necessary epairs. We are informed that in some places he rails and sleepers were suspended, and at tner parts tne raus were covereu sevoru ieet etp with stubble, trees, and other rubbish. The Naiune Kailwat Contract.— It ia com monly reported that a hitch has occurred with reference to thu acceptance of the lowest tender for the construction of the first section of the Nairne Kailway. The lowest tender, as declared n Monday last, was that of Messrs. Walker and Swan, for the sum of about £168,000. This amount was said to be some £25,000 below the next tender, and £4U,OUO below that of Messrs. Millar Brothers, while some other tenderers were far higher still. These wide limits would go to prove, at least, how the best practical judges may differ materially in their estimate of the value of the work to be done. It is stated, however, that an error haa been discovered in the lowest tender,, through an item having been incorrectly moneyed-out in the schedule, thereby reducing the total of the tender by some £13.0iX). Apart from this error Me&sra.; Walker k .Swan would still be the lowest tenderer by a large amount ;and we understand that application has been made to the Commissioner of Public Works to break through the established rule in this instance, and to allow the contractors to rectify the error, and take up the contract at the higher rate. The question, however, involves a most im portant principle, which it fully dealt with in the printed regulations for public tendering. It may be explained as follows : — The mode adopted for carrying out the work is known as the schedule , of prices contract, but in order to get at the bulk sum of each tender the Railway Depart ment furnishes approximate quantities for every, kind of work required, which, being multiplied by the respective schedule, rates give tlie total for the contract amount. It often happens that mistakes and miscalculations occur iu making up tenders, and in order to provide for such contingencies, and also to prevent the possibility of unfair dealing, a general rule has bevu adopted' and published in the conditions of tendering, requiring the successful tenderer to alter his schedule rates in such a ta&nner; that when the quantities are correctly moneyed-out the total shall agree with the total amount of the original tender. Failing this tho tender must be re jected, and, the deposit money is liable to be forfeited. The regulation is an important one, for it is evident that without some such safe guard one person might send in two tenders. We have no doubt that the matter will be dealt with by the Commissioner of Public Works in a thoroughly impartial manuer. Chicket. — The Cup matches which were down on the card for March 13 will be played on March 6, a day which had been reserved for a special match. This alteration has been necessitated in consequence of the former date being one of the days ou which the Australian, Eleven are engaged to play here. Port Adelaide Rifles. — A meeting of members of the Port Adelaide Rifle Company was held at Ford's Hotel, Port Adelaide, on. Wednesday evening, February 25, for the pur pose of electing a captain for the company, its commanding officer. Captain Lovely, having been appointed major. There was a large attendance; Surgeon Toll presided. Lieutenant Hall, the first lieutenant, was unanimously elected captain. Lieutenant Searcy, the second lieutenant, was appointed first lieutenant, and private Wilke second lieutenant. Irish Relief Fund. — A meeting of the com mittee of this fund was held at the Town Hal),. Gawler, on Wednesday evening, February 25. Mr. Councillor Cox was iu the chair. Mr. J. Thornley, J.P., the Treasurer, reported that he had actual cash in band to the sum of £117 9s. 6d., but with what was collected and not yet handed over the amount would reach upwards of £170. After some discussion as to the best mode of sending the money collected, a motion was carried — 'That tho money collected be forwarded by His Worship the Mayor of Gawler to the Central Committee, with an in timation that it is the wish of the committee that it be sent to the Duchess of Marl borough.' It was further carried that the joint Secre taries should wait personally on those collectors who have not yet handed over the money col lected by tbem, and ask them to do so without delay, in order to clobo the matter quickly. Pilot Germein. — During the recent runs oE the steamer Governor Musgravo to Spencer'a Gulf, and the steamer Lady Diana to Troubridge, a good look-out has, necordiug to instructions, Jbeen kept for any sign of Pilot Benjamin Oer xnein, whose inexplicable absence has caused some concern. Tho coast-line was searched, particularly round Yorke's Peninsula, but no trace was found of the missing cutter Albatross or Mr. Germein. The Late Fihh i-n Mr. C. H. T. Hart's PRorFETT.— The City Coroner held an enquiry at Hope Valley on Wednesday, February 25, ia order to ascertain the origin of the Into firo on the Beefacres Estate, by which Mr. Ilart lost, besides other property, a number of valuable greyhounds. After a considerable amount of evidence had been takuu the Jury returned au open verdict. The Jcrobs at the Ciuminal Sittijiub. — By an oversight the greater number of Juroro on the first panel at the Criminal Sitting!* were permitted to leave the Court on Wednesday without being discharged from further atten dance. The second panel is to be called this morning. His Honor Mr. Justice Boucaut, a!; the close of the sitting on Wednesday, referre 1 to the omission that had been made, and in di-- charging tiie Jurymen who were still remaining in Court he formally discharged the whole oE the Jurors on the first panel, and thanked them personally, as well as on behalf of tho country, for the intelligent and thorough manner in which they had performed their duty. SoCTH AUBTRAI.IAN KlFLR ASSOCIATION.— TllO first annual report of the above flourishing Association has come to hand, and furnvsheB a variety of information of interest to members o£ the rifle fraternity, as it contains . tho scores made at the annual competition, the rules of the Association, and a report embodying gomo useful hints. It appears that there are now sixteen companies firmly established, and tho number of members on the roll is 5t)7 olliceM and men. During the year 'MG have attended iiispection, and fifty-nine have beeu absent with leave. The Council consider tha ton drills required by the Act insufficient to eusure effi ciency, and a valuable suggestion U throwuout that all companies .should arrange for combined company and battalion drills. The Association has been experiencing sonic of those troubles that nearly all bodies subsisting upon sub scriptions are heir to, viz., dilatoriuess on tho part of those who should forward funds, and neglect in romplying with rule*. Tho report is an encouraging one, and shows that tho Associatiou, being in good hands, is in a fair way to grow iu importance and develop in usei'ul Hm James Fkr-;usbo!t — The Home JVeia wrikii:— 'Another name well known to colonial ears will be beard no doubt and mentioned pretty often when the general election actually takes place. Sir Jnmes Fergusaon, whose Go vernorship of South Austral ifi was ho strongly marked a success die), will come forward for, and ought to be returned for, Ayrshire. Sir James is a statesman and a politician who has already done much, and for whom a brilliant career may be yet certainly predicted. With his antece dents he is sure to come into office if he cin but secure a seat in the House. He would assuredly have done eo at the time of his unsuccessful contest of Greenock, and his party is littlu likely to forget the services he then rendered, lie was for some time Uuder-Secretary of State at the Home Office— a post which haa sinco proved a stepping-stone for many good meu,aml few of those who have come after were thought betUr of than Sir James FtrgUBSon. Trained iu a very varied school, once a soldier, and haviun done good service as such, a diplomatist and an administrator, Le caunot bat display versatilo powers and much practical experience in tht) discharge of any duties with which he may bo tutrusted. He is also 11 ready and an impres sive «p*akcr, while his colonial ciirier will ec} tcifclly lt;'J hitu to interest himself in colonial questions, and to beeoino ivu ndvocata of colonial views. His t-k-ction will, therefore. Yd a substantial gain for u 1 ir-er constituency than that of the country ol' Ayr.' LECirEE by Tin: Kky. S. C, i:kbn.— The Rev. S. Green will lecture in St. Piter's School room, Glenelg, this eveniug, on 'Patriarchal and other Legends.' Baxaab.— A bazaar in aid of the sew Draper Memorial Lecture Hall w&s; began in the Town Hall on Wednesday afternoon, February 25. The hall' has been erected to meet the growing requirements of the Sunday-school, aa it was found that the area available for Sunday-school purposes was mach too circumscribed, and con sequently retarded the successful operations of the institution. The building has cost nearly £l,C00, and a debt of £400 still remains on it. Thft ladies of the Church, hearing of the debt, came forward with a promptitude that did them credit, and offered to prepare for a bazaar, the proceeds obtained by the sale of the articles to be devoted to the reduction of the debt. The rows of exceedingly attractive goods which were displayed on the stalls showed that the ladies had devoted much time and attention iu their handiwork. One of the principal features of the bazaar was the predominance of the useful over the fanciful, aad on one stall a chest of drawers, saucepan?, flower-pots, &c;, were ranged in such a manner aa to attract those who raight^ be contemplating housekeeping. The »:ost interesting part of the bazaar was un questionably the exhibition of curios in the Rtfreshment-room. Here were collected a cumber of interesting objects lent by friends and members of the Church. Mr. G. P. Hoare exhibited fine collections of seals, polished stones, cameos, weapons, and a small bark coffin. Mr. Strapp sent a number of wood carvings illustrative of Cruikshank's celebrated temper ance pictures — The Drunkard's Progress. Statuettes and pictures were also ranged round the room. The stalls for the sale of goods were placed near the walls of the hall in the form of a square, and were decorated with evergreens and nowers. They were covered with an end less variety of articles, including handsome and well- dressed dolls, toys, portraits of the leading Weslejan ministers, Punch and Judy shows, smoking caps, fancy work, tables, easy chairs, cushions, &c.; A novelty in the shape of a large patchwork quilt, worked by a gentleman in spare hours, occupied the attention and was much criticised by a large number of lady cou noisseurs. Mr. Madge also offered for sale copies of the book containing an account of hia travels in England. This work was published by Mr. Madge in aid of the new hall, and since the date of ita publication he has realized nearly £200 by the sale ef copies of it. The bazaar was formally epened by the Hon. J. Carr, who, after referring to the importance of Sunday- schools, now that the State had refused to recognise religious teachirg in the public schools, said the congre gation of the Draper Memorial Church, having felt that they could not do their Sunday-school work properly in their old schoolroom, had provided additional accommodation, which would be all that would be required for some time to come. That was the reason why they had the bazaar that day, and he expressed his pleasure at seeing it. He was glad to know that the bazaar would be free from faults which had been found in connection with other insti tutions of this kim-. For instance, there would be no lotteries, and the articles were principally useful and not altogether fanciful. He had heard of one bazaar which had done much real spiritual good to those who were concerned with it, and he hoped this bazaar would be of a similar character. He was sure they would all wish the promoters every success, and he would now declare the bazaar open. There were & large number of persons present, and a considerable number of articles were disposed of during the morning and e/ening. A news paper entitled Hie Nexa light, published in con nection with the bazaar, found a ready sale. Mesdames Casely, Gartrell, Madge, and Varley presided at the stalls, and were assisted by a host of other ladies. Cajifeto Out in thb Cut. — ' An Old Colonist' writes : — ' It was no uncommon cir cumstance in the early days for settlers to camp in King William or any of the other streets then laid oat on paper; bub I imagined with cur advanced civilization that such a practice had died out. I was surprised, how ever, on walking down King William-street with a friend, at an early hour this morning, to see some eight or nine men camped under the verandah at Waterhouse's Corner. I remarked to my friend that there was quite a gathering when one of the campers-out, overheariug th remark, growled oat—- This comes of yoar rail way communication.' It appears that they wer j passengers by the Northern train, due in Ade laide at 9,30 p.m., but which did not arrive till nearly 3 a.m., in consequence of the heavy floods damaging the line, when finding all houses of accommodation olosed they had to pick out the beat al fresco quarters obtainable.' Thb Loss of the Lady Kiknaibd.— The official enquiry into the charge of misconduct against Captain Laws, relating to the loss of the Lady Kinnaird, was finished on Wednesday, February 25. Captains Banker, Cowan, Osborne, and McKenzie deposed to the existence of un recorded currents in Spencer's Gulf, and gave favourable evidence for the defendant on the subject of the relative duties of masters and mates with regard to the heaving of the log and lead and the observance of a lookout. They impugned the accuracy of the chart of that Gulf as to the times marked of tides, but Lieutenant Goalen afterwards expressed doubt of the cor rectness of their premises, as also of their con clusions on the matter. Captain Laws was put in the witness-box that the Bench might have an opportunity of examining him, and he repeated substantially his statement to the Marine Board. Counsel having addressed the Court on the issues, which were confined to the charges of neglecting the use of the lead and the log, the Bench, after half an hour's delibera tion, found for the defendant. They considered tliat he was warranted in assuming that hia standing orders to heave the log every two hours had been obeyed by the certificated officers, and that the weight of evidence went to show that with vessels sailing at the speed attained by the Lady Kinnaird on the night in question the use of a deep-sea lead was unneces sary in such water as she had. The captain appeared to have exorcised all due precautions in navigating the vessel, and he was conse quently found Dot guilty of wrongful act or default. The judgment was the signal for a storm of applause in the Court, which was with difficulty suppressed. Extraordinary Miscarriage of Jctsticb. — A glarioc instance of the miscarriage of justice, which in various forms happen even in this city, occurred on Wednesday morning in the Criminal Court. A man named John KeeJ was on his trial on a charge of stealing from the person of Cornelius Barns £11 and a purse worth 28., at Crystal Brook, on January 14 last The prisoner was .undefended. Barns, th prosecutor, was called on to give hi* evidence, but he did not appear. The trial could not proceed without him, and the Crown Solicitor feeling compelled to abandon the prosecution, the Judge (Mr. Justice Boucaut) directed the ? Jury to find a verdict of not guilty, which was accordingly given. It was subse quently discovered that at the very time Barns was called he was in the City Police Court answering a charge of drunkenness, for which be had been detained in the lock-up overnight. Drrroit Postal Matters.— A public meeting was held at Dutton on Monday evening, Feb ruary S3, in reference to the present postal arrangements at that place, and to endeavour to obtain a daily mail between Dutton and Truro Mr. Thos. Scott, J J-., presided. On the propo sition_ of Mr. S. B. 'VTalder, seconded by Mr. E. Bice, it was unanimously resolved — ' That it is desirable that there should be daily mr il com munication between Dutton and Truro.' Mr. W. D. Laver proposed the adoption of a memo rial to the Minister of Education, settiDg forth the inconvenience of the present postal arrange ments, and urging that tenders be invited for a daily service, and also showing that the extra outlay for snch would be very small. Mr. J. H. Sosenzweig seconded, and the memorial was adopted, and the following gentlemen were ap pointed as a deputation to wait on the Miuister. Messrs. J. H. Bosenzweig, Thos. Scott, J.P., E. Bice, W. D. Laver, S. & Walder. F. W. Liesf eld, C. Grieve, J. C. Schmidt, H. Jaehne, H. Stein borner, Thos. Brook, and J. F. A. Habel. It having been resolved to request Mr. Jas. White, MJ\, to introduce the deputation, a vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. Excess Fabbs oh thb Bjuuva.y.— A para graph appeared in the Register of February 25, stating that the operation of a rule requiring receipts for excess fares to be made out in the presence of and given to passengers had caused a delay of several trains. In reference to this we find on enquiry that some system of checking payments of excess fares was abso lutely necessary, as in a single day as much as £3 10s. and £4 have been takeu by ticket col lectors on the Port line. In one instance eighty five excess fares were received from one ticket collector in one day. With a view to esta blishing some check, Mr. Pendletoc, the Traffic Manager, caused to be printed books containing simple forms of receipt, on which the ticket collectors taking excess fares are merely required to pencil the amount of excess fare and the initial letter of the station, aud his own initial, which could be done in a second or two, in the presence of the passenger. A notice has been put up in the carriages requesting passen gers giving excels fares to see tiiat they get receipt!. If travellers by traiu would only avoid as much as possible the too common practice of entering trains without tickets thero would be less cause to use the receipt forir.s.^9 CHTTRCH OF ESOLAKD SCXDAT- SCEO-'L U-'IG-*. —The ninth quarterly meeting of the Church of England Sunday- school Union was held in the Church Office on Tuesday evening. The Kev.T. Field, M.A., Tice-President, presided, and there was a fair attendance. Interesting and instructive papers on ' Infant classes, and how to treat them,' and 'The power of iuonl influence on Sunday-school teaching,' were read by the Chairman and Mr. J. C. 1-. Mcncrieff respectively. Thb CaunNAi, Sittihgs.— At Friday's sitting of the Criminal Court, before Mr. Justice Bou caut, Henry Garratt was convicted of criminally assaulting his own daughter, a girl of 15 years, and sentenced to seven years' imprisonment with hard labour; and Alexander McDougall, an octoroon, convicted of stealing as a bailee, and John Henry Leece, a quadroon, for receiving the same property with a guilty knowledge, were each sentenced to nine months. Charles Dexter, a negro, was tried on a charge of breaking into a couHting-hoase and stealing thereiH, but the evidence was very unsatisfactory, resting mainly on the testimony of accomplices, and the Jury found it impossible to agree on a verdict. His Honor discharged the Jury, and left it to the Crown to decide whether there should be a new trial. In the case of Ellen Salomon, who was committed on a charge of killing her infant child, the Crown Solicitor entered a nolle prostgui, because the medical evidence did not bear out the charge. John Reed was charged with stealing from the person of Cornelias Birns, but the prosecutor did not appear when called on, and as the trial could not be proceeded with in his absence the Crown Solicitor withdrew from the case, and a verdict of not guilty was recorded. Barns's recoguizances were estreated. In regard to each of the following cases the Attorney-General has cer tified there is no case : — Joseph Ind, counter feiting trade marks ; Susan Harris, abandoning her infant; Maty Ann Thomas and Alfred Thomas, setting fire to their premises ; and William Christie Lichfield, alias Christie, stealing goods. At the close of the sittings on Wednesday His Hcnor discharged the Jurors on the first panel from further attendance. The second jury panel will be called this morning at 10 o'clock. The following are the cases set down for hearing to-day : — Thomas Francis Corcoran, stealing post letters ; William Barbour, larceny as a servant ; George Hawkins, maliciously damaging property ; James O'Con nell, larceny ; Elizabeth Susannah Green, bigamy; Johannah Quin, setting fire to a dwelling ; William Pollock, forgery ; Alexander WilliamsoB, forgery; Louis Suess, Heinrich Burger, and Johanna Roeger, larceny; James Fanlds, William Gill, and Thomas Moore, stealing from the person. THE NAIRNE RAILWAY. — We understand the Government survey of the railway to Nairne is now completed, and that the terminus will be on Mr. Clezy's land in Bythorne— a point which, we are informed, will bring all the Bremer, Kanmantoo, Callington, Monarto, and Murray Bridge traffic through Nairne to the station. CoSTMEECIAL TltAYBIXERS' SCHOLARSHIP.— The South Australian Commercial Travellers' Association have entered into an arrangement with the Board of Governors of St. Peter's Collegiate School for the establishment of a perpetual scholarship. In return for the pay ment of the sum of £200 the Association will be eutitled to nominate a son of one of their mem bers, and he will be educated in the college without payment of the fees (amounting to £18 18s. per year), besides being entitled to other privileges. The scholarship will be tenable by each pupil for a period of three years. The deed of agreement between the Board and the Association is now bsing prepared. Bible Christian Chapel, Bowdbn. — On Sunday. February 22, the anniversary of this suburban Church took place. Special services were given in the morning by the Rev. J. S. Wayland (Primitive Methodist), afternoon by the Kev. J. Foster, and evening by the Rev. J. Hancock. The attendance at all the services coniidering the extreme heat of the weather, was exceptionally good. On the following Monday the usual tea and public meeting took place, both ef which were well attended. The Kev. Thomas McNeill (pastor) presided, and addresses were delivered by the Revs H. D. Smith, Foster, Kelly, and Eowe. The Chapel Steward's report was read, from which we gather that £80 was collected during the year on account of the trust fund, and from all sources £250. The Church membership had been affected by the removal of several frooa the district, but the number remained about tiie same as last year. An increase had taken place in the already large number attending the Sunday-school. Special efforts are shortly to be made towards reducing the debt on the church (about £500). The instrumental and vocal arrangements were admirably carried out at all the services. Mr. Benjamin Gould presided at the organ. Firs at Laura. — On Monday, February 23, an inquest was held at the Courthouse, Laura, before Mr. T. V. Sabine, J.P., on a fire which occurred on Mr. Edward Matthieson's farm oa the preceding Saturday. A man named Paul Adolph was in custody on suspicion of being implicated in the matter. From the evidence it appears that Mr. Matthiessen's farm is about one mile from Laura, and that a stack of hay containing seventy tons, a stable, eighteen sets of harness, and a lot of sundries were burnt, the value of the property destroyed being £400. The man Adolph was camped on the land near the stack without authority. Mr. Matthiessen a few days before the fire told him it would not do for him to have his tent, and he replied, 'That's all right; I don't smoke.' Mr. Matthiessen did not tell him to shift hia camp, bat gave him to understand he was not to smoke. A labourer named Collins, in the employ of Mr. Matthiesseo, stated posi tively that Adolph smoked, but he could not say that there was any ill-will between him and his master. He also admitted that Adolf rendered all the assistance he could to save the property. No evidence was given as to how the fire was caused, but Adolph was seen to go into bis tent about a quarter of an hour before the fire was discovered. Adolph himself stated that he got up a little before sunrise on the morning of the fire to look after his bullocks and put them into the yard. He could uot get them into the yard himself, and he was obliged to get the assistance of Collins. After that he went into bis tent to get a piece of bread, and a little while afterwards, when he was going to his bullocks to put them in the wagon, he saw the fire. He tried to put it out with his tarpaulin, but failed, and he called Collins. The Jury returned the following verdict : — ' That the fire in question was accidentally caused, and that it originated from the tent of the accused (Paul Adolph), but that there is no direct evidence to connect the accused with the fire.' Jetty at Dutton Bay.— On Wednesday morning Mr. W. R. Mortlock, M.P., introduced a deputation, consisting of Messrs. E. Cooke, M.P., J. St. G. Puck^ridge, and others, to the Hon. the Treasurer. They asked that the jetty at the above place may be commenced forth with, and pointed ont that the proceeds from the sales of land in the district would recoup the Government the expense of the erection. The Treasurer promised that the work should be proceeded with without delay. Thb Performance of ' Agapehokb.'— The Aryus says: — ' There was a large attendance at the People's Theatre' last night to witness the performance of ? Agapemone, or the Three Inno cents,' in which Mr. Walton sustained the character of the Hon. Mr. B., Premier of Utopia ; Mr. E. B. Russell that of the Attorney General of that fortunate country; while Mr. Harry Power was its Minister of Railways, and Mr. Eyan the evilgeniu3of the Administration, who takes the shape of a gentleman of colour. The plot of the piece is not remsrkable for its lucidity, and the dialogue sufifered a good deal from the want of adequate rehearsal ; but there could be no mistake about the temper of the audience; and what was peculiarly sigcificant was that the most boisterous ap plause at every hit against the present Ministry emanated from the pit of the 'People's Theatre.' When it was declared that 'the country is governed too much;' when the Utopian Premier was ironically complimented on his veracity and disinterestedness ; when the Attorney-General was chaffed on hi3 spirit of self-sacrifice ; when it was remarked that tne smiling Minister of Lauds placed the people on the soil, but took good care that they should not use Jt ; when it was sarcastically stated that the members of the Utopian Assembly never pocketed the £300 a year awarded to them, but gave it to the charities ; when sorue hard things were said about the roving commissions in that * Happy Land,' and about the tavern bills which were paid by the people; when allusions were made to the abandonment of two Reform Bills, and the mutilation of a third; when the qualifica tions of the Utopian Minister of Railways were defined to be 'plenty of cheek and no brains ;' when he melodramatically yelled out ' Revenge, revenge^ when the Attorney-General avowed, in a broad Irish accent, that he was quite willing to throw up his present billet for a better one; and when the Premier of Utopia lugubriously observed, 'My friends, they'll not have me again,' the applause was vehe ment and prolonged ; and when one of the characters exclaimed that, although the Ad ministration of that country would not re sign, it would be kicked downstairs, there was a triple salvo of cheers. So.'toa. when, in imitation of the ghost scene in ' Macbeth,' the Hon. Mr. B. was confronted with the appari tiocs of a man bearing the placard, 'Taxed to Death ;' of another, carrying a board inscribed ?Regulations, no money to borrow;' of a third, representing the victims of Black Wednesday ; of a fourth, presenting the person of a digger, starved ont of the country ; of a fifth, sym bolidcR the unemployed; of a sixth, who showed what a bad realm Utopia had become for the working man, the response was the enthusiastic approbation by the audieuce of the satire. In short, the whole performance was a political demonstration highly adverse to the party in power and singularly unanimous, aa was also the condemnation of the attempts which have been made to gaj; the Pres3 and limit tbe freedom of the stage.'' i Death of SebJhakt Pasbt.— Tbe lafe mail sews brought intelligence of the death of Serjeant Parry, the popular EngHuh pleader. An English paper writes on January 16 : — 'Serjeant Parry, one of the best-known and most successful of English barristers, died some what suddenly at the end of laat week. The circumstances of death were extremely painful. Both he and his wife were attacked about a fortnight ago by severe congestion of the lungs, and only a few hours before Mr. Parry expired Mrs. Parry had passed away. The late Serjeant, who was sixty-four years of age, though ap parently still in his prime, had been in practice for between three and four decades, and during this time had been concerned in many causes cel'ebres~in the Palmer case, the Tichbome case, and many others. He was a grpat advocate rather than a great lawyer. He had a dignified presence, a considerable power of natural eloquence cultivated and improved by usage, a persuasive manner, and a singularly rich and it times melodious voice. He was eminently successful with Juries, and no one understood the Eiglish Juryman better. Personally he was rery popular, both at the Bar and in general society. Serjeant Parry has been described as aeing the laat of the Serjeants save Mr. Ballan :ine, who still survives. That, it appears, is not the case, and in addition to Mr. Ballantine the -rder jof Serjeants is represented by Mr. Serjeant Simon, Mr. Serjeant Robinson, Mr. Serjeant Sarpopd, Mr. Serjeant Pulling, aid Sir Mordaunt Welli.' j Stdset Exhibition. — A telegram from Mr. 3\. Davenport, dated Sydney, February 25, states that the United Vineyard Association won eight and not nine awaids, their sweet muscatel not hiving taken a prize, and that Mr. Davenport's Shiraz took firft prize. United Mkthodist Free Churches.— At the District Meeting held recently at Ballarat, Victoria, the District Secretary reported an increase of 113 members and £500 to the Dis trict Fund. From the list of stations we notice that the Rev. B. P. Mndge remains in Adelaide as the representative of the churches in South Australia. jj Pbess vEssrs Crva Sebv^ch. — A match between players representing tHe Press and the Civil Service will take place on the Oval this afternoon. The following ate the teams: — Press— G. Giffen, W. C. [Denness, A. T. Chandler, S. J. Cross, O. Fl Whitridge, T. Cullinan, E. Noye, E. H. Lcjck, R. Sarre, T. A. Reeves, and E. D. Noon: emergency, G. Butler. Civil Service— Wl and A. Slight, H. A. Gooden, H. Blinmani J. W. Stow, S. Rigaud, J. Traynor, J. J Pickering, W. H. D. Claxton, F. Adams, ahd J. Bennett; emergency, M. Hipwell. ' The Ikchmarkock Enquiry. — Upon the application of Mr. Wallace, for the Marine Board, Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M., fixed Wednesday, March 3, for hearing the charge of misconduct against the master of the Inchmarnock. Me. Yenniug's Pbizb Wheat. — Mr. W. J. Venning has brought us four samples of wheat, all of which were grown by him at Crystal Brook in four successive years, namely, 1876, 1877, 1S78, and 1879. The grain produced in 1877 is that with which Mr. Ven ning took the special prize the other day at the Sydney International Exhibition, and which the Judges said ' was not to be surpassed.' It certainly is magnificent wheat, and possibly visitors to the Agricultural Society's Show will be able te see it, as Mr. Venning intends to offer a quantity of it to Mr. Coates, the Secretary, to exhibit. Immigration and Emigration. — The num ber of persons who arrived at Port Ade laide by sea during the week ending Saturday, February 21, was 146. Of these 117 came from Melbourne, 19 from Sydney, and 10 from Launceston. The number of persons who left by similar means during the like period was 100. Of these 78 went to Melbourne and 22 to Sydney. An Inconvenient LBTTEHrBox.— Some dis satisfaction is felt by rpeidenta near the Giwler Railway Station at the very inconvenient position of the Post-Ofiice letter-box. It is abont eight feet from the ground, and persons wishing to post letters have to stand upon a large block of wood. It hs,s been suggested that the Government should provide a ladder for the purpose. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, February 21, 1S80, were : — Births— 64 males, 61 females ; deaths— 27 males, 39 femalps ; total— 125 births, 66 deaths. Excess of births, 59. The District of Adelaide. — Births — 21 males, 21 females ; deaths — 12 males, 17 females; total— 42 births, 29 deaths. Excess of births, 13. Rifle Match. — A match was fired on February 21, on the Redhill range, between the Crystal Brook and Redhill Companies, and re sulted iu a victory for the latter by 112 points. The distances were 200, 300, and 400 yards, seven shots at each range. Artesian Apparatus. — We understand that Mr. J. C. Potts, farmer of Eurelia, has pur chased an artesian-well apparatus, and intends boring for water on his property. Theatre Rotax.— The Theatre was crowded on Wednesday evening, when the pantomine ' Robinson Crusoe' was repeated. It passed off very well, and thoroughly amused the audience. ' Robinson Crusoe'1 will be repeated this evening, and to-morrow evening Mr. R. J. Roberts will take his benefit. Complimentary. — Mr. C. Todd was, we hear, presented with a gold watch and chain at the Port Club on Wednesday, February 23, as a recognition of his services as Hon. Secretary. The Victorian National Gallery. — The Melbourne Telegraph states that the trustees ef the National Gallery have just received an oil painting from England, from the brush of a gentleman well known in art circle?, Augustas Frederic Albrecht Schenk, who has entitled his picture 'Anguish.' The subject is simple, and effective in its simplicity and mode of treat ment, being merely a ewe standing over her dying lamb, while black carrion birds encircle both, awaiting the time with dodged patience when the weanling shall become their prey. The flock of which the mother and her iamb have formed a part have passed on, as the many footprints iu the snow evidence, and left alone with her expiring offspring the angaished mother stands bleating piteoualy. An air of chilliness surrounds the picture, and the strong contrast between the white 9,now aud the raven hued birets which stand or hover around is a very h»ppy effect. The picture, which is the only one in the gallery bearing Herr Schenk's name, was hung yesterday. The cost, we uader stand, was £1,200. Fossu. Footprints on tee Sands of Time. — Thefollowing letter appears in the Queen slander of February 14 : — ' Under the above heading, in your issue of January 17, a description is given of various footprints of men and animals in sandstone rock seen by Mr. George Wycliffe in South Australia in 1S66, and evidently be lieved by him to have been caused by the actual impress of feet. About the same time I, in company with a friend, saw a large flat sand stone rock in the gorge of the Upper Flinders River on which there are many, apparently, impressions of the feet of men and such animals as Mr. Wycliffe alludes to ; also of men's hands and a few iguanas, and, if I recollect right, boomerangs also. It seems to me that those sec a in South Australia, unless they were closely examined, may be of a similar character]: but those I mention as having seen, although giving fairly correct impressions of the objects mentioned, appeared to me to have been cut out of the face of the reck, and as the country out that way had not been long occupied by white men we concluded it was some of the handiwork of the blacks. An Inspector of Police told me he had, with his troopers, since seen the place I allude to, and I think his opinion respecting them was the same as ours. — R. Gray, Hughenden.' Rescuing the Drowning. — For some time past, by direction of the Education Department, lessons have been given monthly to the boys in the upper classes of the Echuca State School on the treatment to be followed in apparent death from drowning ; but (says the Riverine Herald) as the lessons afford no opportunity of showing how drowning persons may be rescued, the boys ?were inarched in military order to the river bank on Friday afternoon, so that they might receive instruction how to act in any such emergency. They were marched in four com panies, each officered by lads trained for the various positions, and certainly diiplayed a fair amount of military discipline. Upon arrival at the river side a boat was obtained, from which a lad, apparently by accident,, fell overboard when in the middle of the stream, and was immedi ately followed by Mr. Breaden, who succeeded in bringing him to the bank with some difficulty. The Isd played his part well, and appeared to be totally unconscious, and no little amusement was caused by a bystander who, not aware of ?what was going on when the various methods for restoring animation were being gone through, in some concern suggested that a doctor 3houlJ be sent for at once. The treatment having been fully illustrated, and the subject having re covered, the companies were re-formed and marched back to the school. S\ramrsG. — A complimentary benefit will be given to Mr. Bastard at the City Baths this eveting. Adelaide Co-ofhkatit2 Societt.— The half yearly meeting of this Society will take place this evening. 