PROFESSOR PEPPER'S LECTURES. The last lecture given by Professor Pepper to the children of the model and private.schools, tinder arrangement with the Education Depart* meht, was/delivered on Friday afternoon, Sep* tembtr 10, in the Academy of Music. There was a crowded attendance. Having stated that his lecture would be upon the origin of chemistry, the professor pointed out that the ancient Hindoos and Chinese, and especially the ancient Egyptians, practisedarts whioh- required a considerable amount of skill. There were for instance the arts of {agriculture and sculpture, and' amongst other things they had managed to stumble upon the process of making glass. In tbatperidd,when what.be called the degradation of arttook place,the ancients practised what they were pleased to call the seoret art, by which attempts were made to transmute metals. The punishmeut of death was indicted on the members of these most ancient of secret societies if they dared to reveal any of the processes which wets, followed oat. In* the year 200 A.D. the processes of the" distillation of water and wine and the preparation of spirit were discovered, and chemistry firit began when men learned to employ mineral acids as power* ful solvents. The experiment of oxidating silver by pouring upon it a liquid which the professor said was known to the older alchemists, and ob tained by the distillation of nitrate of potash with oil ot vitriol on a coil of silver and then applying a lamp below the vessel containing the silver, was performed. When the alchemists had obtained this result they thought to them selves that if they could render silver thuB in visible why shonld they not be able to change some other metal into silver or gold. They went " to work hopefully, and although they had hever found 'how to"transmute metals, they had by their experiments made discoveries which had proved of great use in after years. Prince Gebir. a very learned and polisned alchemist, said,-speaking.of- alohemy, "Ita heginning is deceit, iisprogreBsrobbery, anditsend beggary . whereas he said ofcbOmisfcry, ".its beginning is pleasure, its progress knowledge, and its objects truth and utitllty." The professor gave a nuihber' ofliate'res^ing though simple experi ments, perfdrmed'by means of various acids, to show soipo of the:pu2J!la that 'were constantly astonishing the alchemists as they pursued their. investigations. ; .The discovery by Friar Bacon of the composition, of gunpowder was next allnded to, and the /professor said he thought he had shown his audience enough to prove .that the alchemists had made many important discoveries in'their attempts to transmute metals. With 'respeot to; the great work of the alchemists Gebir had said, "It is as easy to change lead intp silver andfoopper into brass as it would Be to change an ox" into a goat;": He then proceeded to deail with the art of fire ; handling, referruig to the fiery ' ordeal whioh was carried ont in olden times, and to the ex- * ietence of fire worshippers in India at the pre sent day. Hfivingexplained-the nature of; cohesion, he referfedto, the fact that the deto on the leaves of plants did oof; wet the leave?, bat operated towards .a:common centre and formed a sphere.' A drop of "Water was passed into a spoon, heated;over ; a lamp, and.it was shown that instead of being absorbed by the heat the water immediately rose from the star-' faceof the spoon and formed, a .little spheroid. On taking the spoon away from the flame the water soon passed away in vapor. The professor then pointed oat if from a hot fixed surface of. metal water woaldt rise,. as had been, demon stratedi they/had only to reverse the circum stances, and instead of the water being free to move let the liquid be fixed upon their band, and let the metal inwhiohthe hand was to be placed be free to move, and there would be the same repnlsion as had been shown in the expe riment. He then showed that by dipping his hand in a liquid which he did not name, as ho said he wished the youngsters to find its nature out for themselves, he conld place that member in boiling water or red-hot lead with impunity, and this-experiment drew down the plaudits of the assemblage. There oan be no doubt that this oonrse of leotnres has been of great benefit to those who have attended them, as the pro fessor, in dealing with scientific facts, has espe cially adapted his language to the audience he addressed. In the evening the leotnre was repeated to a large house,, the occasion being the professor's benefit. An additional attraction, however, was' afforded the audience in the combustion of a diamond whioh bad been given the professor for tbe experiment by Mr. Steiner. He remarked that philosophers were not overburdened with cash, as they generally spent too muoh money on their apparatus, and had it not been for Mr. Steiner he was afraid they would have had to have contented themselves with imagining that they had seen the combustion of a diamond. He produced a Bottle containing oxygen, in which the. diamond was pat, after being sufficiently heated by an oxy-hydrogen jet, and a farther anpply of oxygen was con veyed to the diamond in the bottle. It then burnt with great brillianoy, forming what ap peared like a miniature eleotrio light. This beautiful experiment was greeted with the ap plause it merited The entertainment closed with a series of excellent views representing some of the latest improvements which have been made in the great metropolis of the world. To-night Professor Pepper will appear for the last time prior to a country trip he meditates taking, and a programme has been provided whieh should attraat a large audience. The ourions photograph limner is to be exhibited, and the wonders to be seen by means of the oxy-hydrogen microscope will also be shown, and the entertainment will conclude with a series of viewfe in Afghanistan. We understand that it ib probable in a week or two the Professor, will return to town and exhibit at one of his ; lectures his celebrated ghost illusion. 