News of the Week. _____________________________________________ The treasurer of the Adelaide Children's Hospital has received from the Hon. W. B. Giblin, the Premier of Tasmania, a donation of £5 to that institution. The Government are about to resume for township purposes the aboriginal section No. 100, Hundred of Dudley, east of section 101, N. and N.W. of portions of section 99. A Christchurch telegram in the South land Times states that on the night of the 10th of June "a comet was seen about 20 deg. in length, direction W.N.W., and upright in the sky. The nucleus was not visible to the naked eye." At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corporation on Thursday, June 17, a tender was accepted for making a complete survey of Port Adelaide, showing the buildings aud rightsof way. The tenderer was Mr. A. R. Hamilton, his price being £300. We are informed that Rosa Towers and her father, Frank Towers, are playing a very successful engagement at Cape Town, where they have been most cordially received in "Pinafore" and "La Fille de Madame Angot.' They will return to Australia in 1881. The movement for the establishment of a foundling hospital is, we understand, going on satisfactorily, and it is proposed to call a public meeting shortly concerning the matter. Meanwhile the public will be appealed to by advertisements for subscriptions in aid of the object. A Brisbane paper states that the old Queensland Theatre is to be pulled down, re built, and considerably enlarged. The sum of £3,000 has been borrowed for the purpose, and is to be spent on it. Work will be commenced at the end of July, and the theatre is to be opened on the 1st Match, 1831. The Government have agreed to place the sum of £600 on the supplementary esti mates as a grant- in-aid for the new buildings at the Belair Inebriates' Retreat. It will be re membered that a deputation recently waited upon the Government to urge the granting of a subsidy, and it is in compliance with the appli cation then made that it has been decided to ask Parliament for this vote. Mr. West-Erakine intends moving in the Assembly on July 7— 'That, in the opinion of this House, the management of the Real Pro perty Assurance Fund should be removed from the control of the Govenment and placed in the hands of trustees, who should, with the consent of ,tbe Governor in Council, have full authority to deal with the same, and that the Government be instructed to bring in a Bill giving effect to the foregoing resolution.' 'A return has been laid before the Assembly showing the polling places at which less than ten electors of the Legislative Council are registered as voters. It is as follows, the figures in parenthesis denoting the number of voters registered : — District of Wallaroo — Port Victoria (2), Kalkabury (9), Stansbury (9). District of Encounter Bay — Kingscote (6). District of Light — Morgan (8). District of Stanley— Wandearah (1);- District of Flinders —Sliding Rock (3), Yarrandale (0), Bramfield (0), Wangary (9), Farina (1), Port Elliston (0), Qubrn (0). |fhe following circular has been received from Mr. Augustus Morris, the secretary of the Sydney Exhibition: — 'I have the honor to infprm you of the following changes which the commission have adopted in the designation of the various classes of award as compared with the titles which appear in the official award book :— First award, special, to be called first degree of merit, special ; first award is to be called first degree of merit ; second award is to be called highly commended ; third award is to be called commended; fourth award is to be called honorable mention.' Miss Sarah Cargill, formerly head prin cipal of the girls1 division of the Brisbane Grammar School, has been appointed by the Minister of Education head mistress of the Advanced School for Girls in this city. Miss Cargiil is highly recommended by His Honor Chief Justice Lilley, chairman of the board of trustees of the Brisbane Grammar School, and also by the head master, Mr. Reginald H. Roej M.A., Baliol College, Oxford. Miss Cargiil appears from the testimonials which she possesses to have been very success ful in her work in Queensland. The river steamer Clara, while lying alongside the river bank at Morgan, on Thurs day night was discovered to be on fire. Several residents of the township assembled aud ren dered all the assistance in their power, but did not succeed in checkicg the progress of tha flames, which burnt the vessel to the water's edge, when she sunk. The Clara was a vessel of 66 tons, owned by Mr. Jas. Johnston. On the 10th of the present month a policy of insurance for £600 on tLe vessel expired, and at the time of the disaster her insurance amounted to £300 only, which was effected with the Adelaide Marine and Fire Insurance Company. A soiree, commemorative of the twenty first session of the North Adelaide Young Men's Society, at which the Bev. Jas. Jefferis, LL.B., the founder of the society, was welcomed on his return to the colony, was held on Monday, in the North Adelaide Congre gational Church. There was a very large atten dance, including representatives of the various young men's societies in the city The Bev. O. Copland presided, and with Mr. T. W. Harris, one of the vice-presidents of the society, wel comed Mr. JefferiB, who responded in feeling terms. A welcome was also extended to the kindred societies. A curious and very dangerous accident happened on Sunday afternoon to a post office pillar at the corner of King William and Halifax streets. Some boys were about the pillar, when one of them struck a match on it in order to light a cigar, and there being a strong escape of gas, a loud explosion took place, by which the door of the letter- receiver waB thrown off, and the letter-bag projected almost to the opposite side of King William street. Most of the contents were more or le,ss injured, and the boy'a hand scorched, but we believe he was not very badly hurt, though had be been in front of the door he must have beeu killed. Mr. Richmond Thatcher, who is a passenger for EDgland by the s.s. Orient, in a private note, written just before that steamer sailed, says: — ' I brought Trickett down to the Orient by way of the Port River, so as to let him have the ad vantage of two routes. Ever since he has buen on board he has been in raptures at the river, which he declares the finest he ever saw in his life for sculling. I never saw a man so en raptured as Trickett is with the glassy smooth ness of the water, and the inordinate length of reach — miles and miles without a turn or break. He says he will never rest content until he pulls in a match here, for a £200 prize. He says that sum and more could be got for passages in steamers to follow the race. The Thames aud Paramatta are nowhere.' A Working Men's Glub is now being organised at Port Adelaide. Mr. J. Hayter, who has for many years been associated with the working men's unions, has taken the matter in hand, and no doubt the club will receive a large amount of support from the class for whose benefit it is to be formed. It is proposed to rent the building in the Port Adelaide Market for which a public- house licence was unsuc cessfully applied at the last meeting of the licensing Bench. The building is well adapted for the purposes of the club, having fourteen lofty rooms, with the necessary accessories. Besides the smoking, refreshment, and reading rooms which will be opened, it is proposed to establish in connection with the club a registry office for the unemployed. A preliminary meeting to consider the advisableness of starting a Working Men's Club in the city was held in Greea's Auction Mart on Tuesday morning, June 22. There was a very large attendance, the room being crowded. Mr. Wm. Townsend, M P., the convener of the meeting, occupied the chair. The Hon. W. R. Giblin (Premier of Tasmania) addressed the meeting, and gave a clear and interesting expo sition of the manner in which the Working Men's Club in Tasmania was formed and carried on. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Giblin, and a committee was appointed to take steps for the formation ia Adelaide of a club similar to that which he had outlined, A good deal of enthusiasm was manifested by those present, and there seems to be every probability of the movement having a practical result. Following in the steps of those who have sent Trickett and the Australian cricketers to England, a firm ot managers are about to dispatch a company of Australian minstrels to the old countryf The members of the company are already engaged, and are twenty-suven in number. To show the magnitude of the venture it ia only necessary to mention that the passages alone will amount to over £1,000. Amongst the troupe are Messrs. Brown and Newlands, Kelly and Waters, Campbell, Amery, Hudson, Sarony, Hawkins, Thompson, Braham, and Conduit, who, with the musicians and members of the chorus, leave in the Garonne on the 15th of August. The agent in advance, Mr. Richmond Thatcher, is now on his passage home in the steamer Orient. Crase's Hotel at Kapunda had a narrow escape on Wednesday evening, June 16, from being the scene of an extensive conflagration. The lecal paper states that at about 9.30 it was discovered that the contents of one of the ser vant's bedrooms (underground) was on fire. Fortunately there was plenby of water and assistance at hand, and the fire was speedily extinguished, not, however, until it had con sumed the bed and bedding, a dressing table, and a quantity of the girl's clothing. How the fire originated is a mystery, but it is thought that some one who had been in the room must have left a lighted candle there, though of couree no one admits having done so. It is for tunate that the fire was discovered before it had obtained any hold on the building, as in that caBe the loss might have been serious. ' The, police have as yet failed,' says the Border Watch, *' to obtain any reasonably clear evidence as to who was the cowardly mitcreant who placed the obstructions on. Che Rivoli Bay Bail way on the 9th instant. A number of rumors are being constantly circulated that various arrests have been made, but why such absurd statements are floated we cannot say. Of course they are utterly groundless. On Tues day, we believe, a man who was then living not far from the line about a mile and a-half from Mount Gambier, informed the police that on the night of the outrage, at about dusk, he saw a man walking on the line, who as soon as he dis covered that he was observed, walked away across an adjoining paddock. He was not recognised. The police have received instruc tions to get every one here who have any claim9 against the railway department to send in their accounts to the Treasury at once for settlement.' A gentleman who watches passing events with more than ordinary interest writes to a friend in Adelaide with reference to the Chan dernagore, Genii, and other ships which have lately figured rather prominently in our tele graphic .columns: — ' Has it never occurred to you that the Marquis de Bay, being a friend of Baron Riviere, another arcn-adventurer, and Bolivian Consul or Charge d' Affaires, the expe ditions to the South Sea Islands may have taken the sugar machinery only as a blind, and that the real object may have been to watch for a clianc9 to slip across the Pacific to prey upon Chilian commerce under Bolivian cruising papers ? Bolivia never joined the geceral con ference as to corsairs.' It may be that this gentleman has hit upon the solution of a mys ttry which has given rise to much speculation f late.' The first anniversary tea and public meetings in connection with the Win c taker Memorial Church, Queenstown, were held on Monday evening, June 21. The meetings were well attended, especially the latter, which, was presided over by Mr. J. R&fe.; The treasurer, the Rev. S. Raymond, read the report for the past eighteen months, the period duriug which the church has been built, from which it ap peared that £211 had been raised by collections and subscriptions, and £1,100 had been bor rowed, making a total of £1,31.1 received. The expenditure had been, for the building, £1,200 ; and interest, &c;, £131. There is therefore at the present time about £22 due to the treasurer. In addition to the building fund, £110 had been raised for the circuit fund and Sunday-school. The Revs. J. H. Angas, C. Lane, and W. Diment spoke during the evening, and several selections of music were given by the choir. A meeting was held at the Eurelia Hotel on Saturday, June 19, to take into con sideration the necessity of the town of Eurelia being declared a polling-place, and also to sup port the Electoral Districts Bill now before the House of Assembly. Mr. James McNamara, J.P., was voted to the chair. He said the resi dents of Eurelia had a good claim on the Go vernment, as the nearest polling-place to them was Orroroo, a distance of fifteen miles, which was most inconvenient for the residents in the neighborhood. Mr. John McNamara moved — ' That Eurelia be declared a polling-place be fore the next general elections.' Mr. M. Man ning seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. M. E. Kenny moved — ' That this meeting approves of the Electoral Districts Bill introduced by the Government, and hopes to see it passed before the next general election.' This resolution was also carried unanimously. * The half-yearly meeting of the Com mercial Marine Insurance Company (Limited) was held in the company's office, Ourrie-street, on Wednesday, morning, June 23. There was a fair attendance of shareholders. Mr. 3. D. Glyde, J.P., chairman of directors, presided. The directors, in their report, congratulated the shareholders on the favorable progress of the company's affairs. During the half-year the sum of £2,200 had been invested on mortgage, making a total of £7,400 so invested to date. The balance at the credit of profit and loss account was £10,042 7s. 3d., which the directors propose to dispose of as follows: — To reserve fund, £5,000 ; to payment of a dividend of Is. per share on 15,000 shares, £750; and carrying for ward to next half-year the balance of £1,292 7s. 3d. The chairman moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. The motion was carried. The remuneration of the auditors for the past six moDths was fixed at £15 15s. A hearty vote of thanks to the chairman, the other directors, and the secretary was agreed to, and the chair man having briefly acknowledged the compli ment, the meeting terminated. A very serious accident occurred on the Semaphore Jetty on Saturday afternoon, June 19th. The goods truck was being run on the line to the end of the jetty, when some boys got in its way. The usual signal was given, but one of them named Alfred Tyley who could not get off the line in time, was caught, by the truck, and knocked underneath it, a wheel passing over the calf of one of his legs, severing a portion of the flesh. The poor bay was at once taken up and medical aid sought, when it was found that besides having the calf of one of his legs nearly torn away the bone of the leg was so badly hurt that amputation is necessary ; a subsequent examination, however, showed that some of the ribs on the unfortunate boy's left side were broken by the truck, and forced into the lungs, and unless this injury can be healed to some extent, the doctors will not attempt the amputation. It is a wonder that more accidents of a similar nature are not caused by the truck in question, as those who have charged . of it push it at such a rate as barely to give time to persons walking along the line to get out of the way. A meeting was held at North Adelaide on Thursday, June 17, by a few ladies and gen tlemen for the purpose of starting a Foundling Hospital, and as a preliminary step it was de cided to advertise for subscriptions before call ing a public meeting. Two general principles were decided upon, vis. — that the hospital was to he thoroughly unsectarian, and that each mother should be expected if possible to con tribute somewhat towards the support of her . 1 infant. A correspondent writing on this.8u^.' ? jectsays: — 'I know many think such an in&.^j ? tution is an encouragement to vice. I do nov W give the unfortunates credit for thinking so far' 1 in advance, and surely if they did the thought; ? of the pangs of labor would be more likely to 1 deter them than the thought that the future 1 child might possibly be taken care of would be 1 likely to encourage them.' I The second annual dinner of the Prince Alfred Old Collegians' Association was held on Saturday evening, June 19, at Prince Alfred College. About forty members sat down to an excellent repast, which having been partaken of the Chairman, Mr. J. A. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc. (Inspector-General of Schools), and formerly head master of the college, proposed the health of the Queen. Other loyal toasts having f ol- lowed Mr. A. C. Colton proposed " The College," and Mr. G. W. Cotton responded. The toast of ' The Association' was proposed in a very able speech by Mr. Cooper and responded to by Mr. Hartley. Various toasts followed, and the pro- ceedings were enlivened by songs by Messrs. Hosking, P. Wood, Gunter, A. C. Colton, and A. Champion. After the dinner the annual busi- ness meeting took place, but the proceedings were of a strictly private character. A sad accident occurred on Wednesday, i ? une 16, at Baker's Flat, which at one tiiae I *ay8 the Kapunda Herald) it was feared woutd I nd fatally, to a girl, the daughter of Ms. Dennis 1 . clnerney, aged about seven years, whoaa | n other was ill in bed at the time. So far as wa ] an gather the girl by some means spilt some erosine en her pinafore, and went j near the fire to dry it, when the pinafore burst into a blaze. At first the child thought ] she could manage to extinguish the flames with- ; out alarming her mother, but finding she could ' not do so screamed, and her mother came to her - assistance, her hands and knees i-eing much. \ burnt while aiding her daughter* The child was found to be very badly burnt from tha cheat downwards. Dr. Blood was at once called in, as also was Dr. Hamilton in consultation. Prompt measures werejtaken to alleviate the pain, acd we understand that Dr. Blood now entertains some hopes of the child's recovery. 'The rumor has been prevalent here/' says the Narracoorte Herald^ that many of the large contractors from New Zealand and else where, who contemplated tendering for the Narracoorte and Tatiara Railway, will not do so now, as, according to the terms of the specifica tions, they will not be able to obtain the rails from the Government until twelvemonths after the contract has been let. If this were the case they would not be able to push on with the works as quickly as they would like. The ballast and sleepers will probably have to come from Narracoorte, as neither can be got en route, and to facilitate their conveyance along the line they would require to lay the rails as they went along. We have made enquiries, aud we are assured that over a thousand tons of rails were shipped in April, and the Commissioner of Public Works believes the whole of the rails will arrive soon after the contract is let. There need, therefore, be no fear on this score.' The rants of the 'old colonists' are rapidly thinning. Mr. John Jlonck, who arrived here in H.M.S. Buffalo in 1836, died on Friday, Juae 18, at the age of sixty-six years. He was well known among Freemasons, and at the time of his death he held the office of district; grand tyler under the English Constitution, and was tjler of all the lodges of the English and Scotch Constitutions meeting in this city. He was also a Knight Templar and a Royal Arch Mason. His remains were interred in tne West-terraca Cemetery on Sunday, and were followed to their last resting-place by many of his pri vate friends and about 300 members of the craft, including representatives of the district \- rand Lodges ana Royal Arch. (Jhapter. A number of members of the Adelaide Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., of which deceased was a member, aiso joined in the cortege. At ths grave the Church of England burial service was read by the Rev. James Pollitt aud the Masonic service by the Rev. W. H. Mudie, chaplain of the Lodge of Friendship. Messrs. Falk & Co. have on view at their warehouse in Gawler- place a new thing iu tricycles called the *' Salvo.' It is an ingeni ously made and light and elegant vehicle, that should become popular among those who wish to travel at their ease along our level roads, and may not like to balance themselves on a bicycle. The seat of the 'salvo' is poised between the two large wheels, which are about 4 feet 6 inches in diameter. The guiding wheel is in front, and at the rear there is a small one to maintain the balance of the machine in going up hill or in turning quickly. The mechanism is very light, but strong, be cause the material used is of the best descrip tion. There is a handle on the left of the seat and another on the right, the latter controlling the guiding wheel and the former enabling the occupant of the *' salvo' to maintain a firm grip while he works the crank with bis feet. An endless chain passes from the crank round the wheel that revolves on the centre axle, and this of course gives motion to the vehicle. The brake bacdle is also close within reach, so that with very little practice any gentleman should be able to use the ' salvo7' and find it a great convenience for travelling in and out of town, especially to localities where the tramcars and buses do not run. Mr. Albert E. Nott, well known in Gawler for many years, and formerly employed as teller in the Bank of Adelaide in that town , was, on Saturday, June 19, presented by his friends with a purse of twenty- five sovereigns and an address, as a token of the esteem in which he is held by his fellow-townsmen, ana expressive of their best wishes on the occasion of his removal to Adelaide. The presentation took place at Heseltine's Gawler Arms Hotel, where about twenty gentlemen met to do honor to the guest. Mr. George Warren, J P., occu pied the chair, and several complimentary speeches were made, and toasts suitable to the occasion were proposed aud re* sponded to. The address, -which was neatly engrossed in colors by Mr. G. Y. Evans, read as follows :—' Gawler, June 19, 1SS0. To A. E. Nott, Esq. Dear Sir — On the occasion of your leaving Gawler for Adelaide we cannot permit you to depart without bearing testimony to your Learty and genial good qualities, and to your ready assistance in anything for our social amusement-. We therefore beg your acceptance of this purse of money as a small token of our esteem and hearty wishes for your succeas in lite We are, dear sir, yours faithfully.' At the meeting of St. Andrew's Lodo:e, No. 555, B.C., held on Tuesday evening, Juue 22, Bro. John Ramsay, the Master-elect tor the ensuing year, was installed by the D.Prov.G.&£. Bro. Muecke. assisted by the officers of the Frevincial Grand Lodge. In the course of the evening Bro. Hugn Fraser, tne retiring-Master, was presented with an ex tremely handsome and' valuable gold chrono graph watch, a gold chain, and a past master's gold jewel, which had bseu unanimously subscribed for by the mem bers of the lodge as a recognition of the important services which he had rendered to it during his term ef office. The watch, and jewel each bore the following inscrip tion :—' Presented to Bro. Hugh Fraser, M. P., by the members of St. Andrew's Lodge, No. 555, S.C., for his efficient services as Master during the last two and a half years. June, 1880.' The presentation was made by the D J»rov.Gr.M. in open lodge, and was suitably responded to by the recipient. It is evident that the cause of Masonry i3 flourishing in this city when a private lodge can make a presentation amount ing in value to nearly £100 to a Master on his leaving the chair. The adjourned meeting of creditors in the estate of the late Gawler suicides, Neville and Adamson, was held at the Gawler Institute, on Wednesday evening, June 16. Nearly all the creditors were present, and others were represented. Mr. W. F. Loutit, manager of the National Bank, was in the chair. Mr. J. Budall, solicitor on behalf of the creditors, presented a progress report, and a detailed statement of amounts owing by and to the estate. Ha also reported that the National Mutual Assu rance Company had hitherto refused to pay the policy on Neville's life, although in the book of partioularB famished by that society to appli cants for insurance the following statement appears : — ?? The policies of this association are not forfeited should the insured die by his own hand — a feature distinguishing few other com panies.' In view of such a published statement Mr. Rudall maintained that the company was legally responsible for the amount claimed. After some discussion a resolution was carried unanimously that Mr. Rudall should wait upon the agent of the company in Adelaide, and formally request settlement of the claim, failing which legal proceedings would be iastituted forthwith A ?well attended dinner was given by the members of the Port Adelaide Seamen's Union at the Duke of Wellington Hotel, Port Ade laide, on Tuesday evening, June 22, to inaugu rate the new room in which the members will in future hold their meetings. Mr. J. O. Addison, of the Commercial Hotel, presided, and Mr. J. Kami acted as vice- chairman The former was supported by Messrs. F. J. Morris aad M. Tr&cey;, and the latter by Messrs. G. Haias aud F. J. Pndney. Mr. Haius, in giving the fcoasfc of ' The Visitors,' said the object of the uuioa was to promote the individual and collective in* tFiests of its members, to keep up an equitable rate of wage?, aud to perform several of thi functions of an ordinary benefit society. Tiiera were at present 200 members on the roll, and the nnicn had a baiance to its credit of £ ISO. In answer to a question Mr. J. Hayfcer stated that with reference to a recent importaa-, shipping case tfle defendants, who were seamen, were offered counsel to assist theai, but they de clined. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Mark Mead for the great interest he bad taken in the union and the valuable services rendered by him. Magnus Stewart, a farmer in tlie Hundred of Hynam, died in the Narracoorte lock-up on Saturday morning, June 19, under painful cir cumstances. *' It appears,' says the Narracoorte Herald, 'that Stewart iiad beea drinking hard during the last three months, and his friends were desirous that tr.e inebriate laws should be brought to bear upon him, as their efforts were of no avail. Meanwhile, however, the unfortunate m&n; was arrested on a charge of stealing a bottle of ginger brandy, and brought before the Police Court on Thursday morning and remanded, as he was suffering from delirium tremens. Under in structions from Dr. Gunning the man had beef tea and brandy at intervals ; and from enquiries made we believe he had a good supply of bed clolhs. It was at first thought that his death was caused by excessive drinking, aggravated by confinement ia a cold police cell. The doctor's evidence at the inquest, however, dispelled the idea, for death resulted from injuries inflicted on hie head. It is thought ttat the poor man got into a fit during the uight, and battered his head against the wall. It is a crying shame that a man suffering as he was should have been con fined in a cold cell without any protection. Stewart leaves a wife and family, who have the genuine sympathy of the community.' A meeting of the committee of the Gawler Temperance League was held in the local institute on Monday eveniag, Jane 21. There was a good attendance. The chair was occupied by the Kev. R. J. Daddow. The hon. secretary, Mr. JB. EL Coombe, reported that the names of several gentlemen had been added to the committee list, and that the ftav. R. W. Campbell and Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P., had sent apologies for their unavoidable absence, and expressing sympathy with the objects of the league. A long discussion took place as to what action should be taken by the league in reference to the approaching elec tions of members for the Legislative Council. It was ultimately decided that the following questions be addressed in 'writing to the four candidates, and that they be asked to give an early reply : — ** 1. Are you in favor of closing public«houses all day on Sunday ? 2. If not in favor of this, would you. oppose any Bill that may be brought inio Par liament which seeks to increase the hour* during which public-houses are open oa. that day? 3. Are you in favor of the principle of local option ?' Trie answers to these question * will be submitted to a public meeting of the league to be held on Monday, Jane 28, when further action will be decided oa. It is pro posed to send copies of the questions aad re plies to all the temperance organizations in the colony. Our obituary notices record the reath of the Rev. W. Dasvsoa, a Wssleyan minister, residing at Unley. Mr. Dawson was a native of Hull, in Yorkshire. He entered the ministry in England in 1875, and studied at the Bichmond Institution. He was afterwards ap pointed as a missionary ta the West Indie3, wbere his health broke down and he returned to England. After about eighteen months' rest, he was so far restored that he renewed his work, and was strongly recomoieuded to come to South Australia as a climate suit able to his state of health. About twelve months ago he arrived in the colony, and proceeded at once to the Minlaton Circuit, where he labored with much success. At the last conference he was appointed to the Pirie street circuit, and had entered noon his duties with zeal ; but on Friday, 'the 4th of June, a violent hemorrhage from the lungs commenced, and did not cease until his strength became so exhausted that it was evident to others as well as to himself that he could not rally. Aftar lingering some sixteen days in great weakness he peaeefolly expired at the residence of Mrs. Cornock, Unley, on the 20th. He was justly beloved by all who knew him. - Mr. Dawson's parents are still living. His funeral took place at the West-terrace Cemetery on Tuesday. On 'Wednesday evening at the Unley Wesleyan Church the president of the Wes'eyan Con ference, the Rev. H. T. Burgess, preached a sermon which had reference to tne death of the rev. gentleman. ' The names of tne two men who stuck up Mr. D. Young on the Truro-road on Satur day evening, June 12, are,' says the Kapunda Herald, *' John Zw&t; and William G-raue, back smiths, of Stoekweil. They were appre hended on Monday afternoon by Police trooper CMahoney, who certainly deserves every credit for the smart way in which the arrest was made, especially consider dering that the description of the men given by Yonng was very vague. They were brought before Mr. D. Nock, J.P., on Tuesday. Graae was discharged, and Zwar was fined 20s. — a punishment, we think, altogether inadequate to the crime. How his worship came to tafce sued a lenient view of the affair we are at a loss to know. The evidence was clear — and the men confessed to it themselves — that they had stopped a man on the highway, represented themselves as troopers, and demanded money, and also took it. Zwar, it is true, was the spokesman and principal actor, but Graue was just as guilty, for he stood by and allowed his companion to do the business, and yet In was discharged. If such amateur highwaymen are to be let off so easily, it will soon not b s safe to travel country roads at night without being armed. Mr. Young had his wife ani child with him at the time, and had they been at all of a nervous disposition the consequences might have been serious. The second cuarge, of ex torting money from Young by false representa tions, was not proceeded with, the police by permission d Mr. Nook withdrawing the case. We presume his,, Worship had good grounds for allowing this charge to be withdrawn, but confess we cannot understand them. Zwar took the money, Graae by Ms presence was a consenting party, and although at the first it might as the counsel put it, have been intended as a * skylark,' it became something more when money was taken. The men evidently knew they had done wrong from the lies they had told the ostler at the hotel where they had put their horses up. The result of the investigation is not at all satisfactory, bat we hope it wilt be a caution to the men and to others, as it is most improbable that, a like occurrence will ba similarly leniently dealt with.' The inaugural demonstration in connec tion with the Band of Hope and Total Absti nence Society lately formed at Angaston was held in the Angaston Institute on Monday evening, Jane 21. There was a large and en thusiastic audience. Mr. W. Clark, J.P., pre sided. The Misses Qldham gave an instrumental duet 'Qui Vive,' which was much enjoyed, after which the secretary of the society, the Bev. T. £. ^Thomas, B.a.., read a report which . showed that the need having been felt by many for some time that a society of the kind should be started, a meeting of alHhose interested had been called and a large and energetic committee formed. Mention was made of the greatinterest taken in the movement by Mrs. Evans, of Evan dale, who had not only exerted herself to influence people in Angaston to move in the matter, but had provided them with a banner and pledge cards. There was some talk of Mr. Burnett taking a country tour, and the com mittee thought that by securing a lecturer like Mr. O'Donnell at their opening demonstra tion, and a visit by- and-by from Mr. Bur nett, they could not fail to achieve success. A glee, 'The Men of Harlech,' followed, aud was given in good style by several ladies and gentlemen, under the leadership of Mr. Hollo way. The Rev. D. O'Donnell,, of Adelaide, then delivered the first part of bis lecture on *? VHe Evil and its Cure.' A collection was then made on behalf of tb.3 society's funds. An instrumental duet was rendered by Miss Oldbam and Miss Clark, f olio we i by tbe glee 'The Carnival' (Rossini). Mr. O'Donnell then gave the second part of his lecture, dealing with total ab-tiaeaea as *' The Cuie.' The lecturer, who was loudly and fre quently applauded, concluded by an exhortation to all present to sign the pledge. The Rev. Mr. Scott moved a vote of thanks to Mr. O'Dounell. in the course of which he expressed his inten tion to take the pledge on that occasion. The Bev. Mr. Page seconded the motion, which was carried. Messrs. Hollo way and Chinner sang a duet, ' Sound the Trumpet,' and in the mean while 92 persons signed their names in the pledge-boeks of the society, which, with former signatures, made 120 who are at pre sent members of the society. Mr. Stephen, secretary for Mr. Burnett, was present, ani dis tributed to those who wished for them 100 of Mr. Burnett's total abstinence badges. An entertainment in aid of the Hibernian Society's Band was given in the Town Hall on Monday evening, June 21. The attendance was moderate. His Worship the Mayor { Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) occupied the chair, and gave ex pression to the pleasure be felt at being present at an entertainment in aid of so deserving a band as that connected with the Hibernian Society. He was grateful to the members of the band for the assistance they had given at bis popular open-air coueerte, aad he had also occasion to thank them for the serenade they had given him on his recovery from an attack of illness. His Worship's remarks were loudly applauded. Tbe principal feature of the enter tainment was an interesting lecture by the Right Rev. Ab^ot Alcock, O.S.B., on ' Rome and her Catacombs.' Toe lecturer, apsakiug without the aid of notes, took his hearera with rim in fancy to tbe Eternal City, and in lan guage varying from the purely familiar to the picturesque and graphic described the principal objects of interest which Home presents to the visitor. He spoke in terms of the utmost admiration of those triumphs of heathen art, the Capitol and the Coli seum, aud also of the wonders of Christian Home, and the miracles of art achieved by RafTaele, Michael Angelo, and others. Finally the lecturer described his visits to the Cata combs, their miles and miles of gloomy cor ridors, where it was calculated that no les* than six millions of the dead were buried, and he pasted on to show the .use to which these sub terranean cemeteries were put by the members of the early Christian Church. He con cluded by pointing to the maay places in the Catacombs which had acquired a sacred interest from the fact that they were the scenes of martyrdoms and of the celebration of religious rites during the early history of Christianity. The lecturer was heartily applauded at the close. During the evening tbe Hibernian Band gave several seies tions in their best style. Misa Playferd, Miss Widgcry, and Messrs. H. Gr. Nash aud 0. B. Mumme contributed several songs and coaserfced pieces of music, and Mr. McSherry contributed a corcet solo. The concert; was of a thorou^lily erjjoyable character, and it is to be regretted that so excellent an entertainment was not better patronised. Mr. W. Pybua deserves credit for the able manner in which he presided at the piano, and Mr. C. E. Mumme should also receive a word of praise for his valuable ser vices as conductor. The members of the Military Ball Com mittee held their annual reunion dinner at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel, Rundle street, on Friday evening, June 18, whea about thirty representatives of the acbil lery, cavalry, and infantry forces sat down to an excellent repast catered by Host Redman. Color-Sergeant Muirhead was iii the chair and Color-Sergeant Pine in the vica-chair. The chairman proposed the loyal toasts, which were received with musical honors. Brigade-Sergeant ? Major Perry proposed the health of *' The Com mandant, Colonel Downes, and Captain Fer guson,' coupled with the names of the officers of the S. A. Military Force. He referred to the volunteer force as it was in the past, and although he did not fpeak disparagingly of their efforts years ago, he thought with the aid of Colonel Downes and Major Godwin the volunteers were more efficient now than they were then. He trusted that Captain Fergasson would gain the same respect that Colonel Downes and Major Godwin had done from the members of the force. Sergeant-Major Hanson responded, and spoke in terms of eulogy of Colonel Do wn^s, an officer whom he said he met for the first time at the Woolwich artillery school for the reserve forces in 1870. Sergeant-Major Moritz proposed **The staff sergeant-majors.' He spoke in praise of the instructors and the interest they had taken in making the men efficient. Sergeant-Major Bart, in replying, expressed his great pleasure in kuowing that the staff sergeants were held in so much esteem. Speaking of 25 years ago, he could say that the duties of the staff sergeants were then far more difficult than they were now, as in those days scarcely one out of ten recruits could read or write, but now with the advanced system of education the recruits were easily taught the drill, especially when they showed the slightest aptitude for instruction. Mr. Kicholls proposed ' The Health of the Non-commissed Officers and the Members of the Military Force.' Tbe chair man responded, and in returning thanks on behalf of the committee presented Mr. A. S. Molton, who had acted as the M.C. at the military balls, with a gold pencil-case as a slight acknowledgment of the esteem in which he was held by the members of the cforce. The chair man stated that Mr. Molton had on several oc casions given his services, and had refused any remuneration whatever. Mr. Molton suitably re plied. Sergeant Perry then presented Private Muirhead with a silver chain in acknowledgment of his services in connection with the last ball. The third monster temperance meeting in connection with Mr. Burnett's second series of meetings in this city was held in the Town Hall on Saturday evening, and differed substan tially in its character from any of those which have preceded it. This was due to the fact that His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith), who occupied the chair, took advantage of the occa sion to make a long speech, very much at vari ance with the kind of oratory to which Mr. Burnett's audiences have generally had the pleasure of listening. His Worship, being engaged in the business of a brewer, thought that his position as chairman of a temperance meeting required some explanation, and accord ingly he launched forth into a speech which oc cupied at least an hour in delivery. The ex treme length of the mayor's remarks had the effect of leading to material changes of the pro gramme originally prepared. One or two speakers had to drop out altogether, and even those who did address the meeting had to condense their observations, while the musical portion of the proceedings was also considerably abridged. The chairman gave the fullest credit to Mr. Burnett for the work he was doing, but he argued that temperance re formers should confine themselves ti moral suasion, and he sought to show that all attempts at prohibitive legislation on the drink question : had been failures wherever they were tried. He condemned the local option principle in un measured terms, stating that practically it had - already had a trial in South Australia under the district council system of licensing and had failed, while Nock's Act he referred to as a mis- - chievous piece of legislation which really had the effect of interfering with the liberty of the - subject. Mr. Smith was on the whole accorded; a patient hearing, but the meeting at tunes de pressed their dissent from his. views with considerable strength of feeling. The task of replying to him was undertaken by the Kev. Samuel Knight. That gentleman spoke in terms of almost unqualified admiration of Mr. Smith's character as a man, and his courage in frankly : avowing his opinions, but in an effective speech replied to his principal objections to the principle of prohibitive legislation. Mr. Burnett also made a short but excellent speech. During the evening Mr. Hugh Fraser, M.P., who created some amusement by saving that he did not drink balf as much as people gave him credit for, recited with good effect ** The Cottar's Saturday night/' and was deservedly encored. Several amateur ladies and geufeleineu coatri buted musical selections. During the past week the pledges secured by Mr. Burnett; reached the number of 937. A meeting was held in Klotz's Hotel, Angastou, on Friday evening, June 18, to con eider the advisablenees of establishing a jam and iruit-preserving factory in that town. I?iiere were about 70 gentlemen present, who appeared to lake a deep interest in the matter. Mr. W. Clarke presided. Messrs. Brewster and Forbes, of the Eudunda Jam and Meat-preserving Fac tory, were present to give the necessary informa tion. Mr. Forbes stated that about £3,000 was required in order to start a factory in Angaston — that in the event of a company being formed, the proprietors of the Eudunda factory were prepared to sell the whole of their plant to the said company for £800 ; tnis sum to be taken out in shares, and to be regarded as paid up capital. Several speakers followed, enlarging upon the necessity and importance of haviag, a factory of the kind It was then moved by Mr. Trescow thick, and seconded by Sir. Green — 'That steps be taken to establish a jam and fruit-preserving factory in Angasfcon.' The motion was carried without a dissentient. The chairman said of the £3,000 necessary they had £600 in the plant offered them. They therefore needed £2,200, to raise which amount he sug gested that there be 400 shares offered at £5 per share, those takiog shares to pay £1 per share -within a fortnight to the manager of the National Bank, Angaston, who had offered to take charge of tbe money for the time being. The shareholders who took shares that night might appoint a canvassing committee to get subscribers for shares, alto a sub-committee to go to Eudunda and examine the plant in question. If the latter proveu unsatisfactory or a sufficient number of shares were not taken it would be in the pawer of the shareholders to proceed no further in the matter, and their money would be returned. He himself was prepared to venture £109 in the undertaking. Mr. Forbes had said they might expect 15 per cent, on the amount invested, but even reckoning it at 7 per cent, it would be a fair - investment. Apart from . such a consideration they .must remember the other collateral advantages of the scheme-— the amount invested would change hands in the district ani would not be taken from it. The factory would give increased employment, aad be a great boon to the working men of the district, as it would pay men in their intervals of nonemploy ment to give time and labor to the cultivation of even very small gardens. He thought. by. this means Angaston might become a thriving and busy place. Mr. S. Smith moved, and Mr. C. Holmes seconded — 'That the amount required be raised by offering 400 shares at £5 per share.' This was carried unanimously. It was then re solved that Mr. E. W. Roberts be requested to act as secretary. Of the four hundred shares one hundred and fifty were tLen taken by thosi present Respecting the De Young and Kalloch tragedy, the San Francisco correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing under date of May 10, says : — The vendetta between the De Youngs and Kallochs which for months has been a public scandal, terminated in a tragedy on the 23rd ult. Since the attempted assassina tion of the elder Kalloch, by Charles de Young in September last the latter has kept up a bitter and incessant warfare upon his antagonist. De Young had been indicted by the grand jury for assault with intent to murder, but the trial had been postponed from time to time, and was at last set down for May 10. Meantime, Charles de Young had gone East, as his paper alleges, for business purposes, but in reality to gather testimony concerning the senior Kalloch's past record, which he proposed to produce upon the trial. What that testimony may have amounted to does not yet appear. Some days prior to the shooting a pamphlet was extensively circulated, purporting to be an account of the trial of Isaac S. Kalloch on a charge of adultery, before the Tremont Temple in Boston, of which the reverend gentleman was then the pastor. The trial resulted in an acquittal, but the evidence was nauseating. The circulation of this pamphlet was evidently the last straw that broke the camel's back. Innuendoes and invectives had for months, and in a majority of instances, un deservedly been heaped upon Kalloch, and it was a fight to the bitter end. That end came when Kalloch, jun.,saw the pamphlet in question. He armed himself, and proceeded to the Chronicle business office, where he found Charles de Young conversing with his employees and two other men. He immediately drew his revolver, and fired without effect. De Young retreated so as to get behind the counter of the office, and young Kalloch fired two more ineffectual shots, during which time De Young had got behind the counter and drawn his revolver. On the fourth shot he was wounded in the neck, and Kalloch ad vanced to the counter, and leaning over it delivered the final and fatal shot, which pene trated his enemy's brain and sent him out of existence. He then left, but was arrested at the door of the office, and was at once incarcerated. The coroner's jury found a verdict charging him with murder, and he has since waived an ex amination, allowing his case to go before the grand jury. It is but fair to say that De Young's brother denies any knowledge of the circulation of the injurious pamphlet, and that the slain man is reported to have said that he regretted its circulation, thinking it might be imputed to him — a very natural imputation under the cir cumstances. No prominent murder has ever occurred here that has created such little excite ment. The usual expression is, 'He might have expected it long ago.' The latest ghost story comes from Warrnambool in Victoria. According to a local paper thtre is a house in Henna- street in which a young woman died some time since under cir cumstances which gave rise to unpleasant rumors. The house is now inhabited by Mr. J. Manning, who is about to carry on the business of a hay and corn merchant. The apparition which is said to haunt the premises appeared first to two sons of the tenant, aged respectively nineteen and twenty-five years of age. They were sleeping in a small room of the house, to the window of which on the night in question there was no blind. The elder brother states that about 2 o'clock in the morning he was awakened by feeling something like a rush of cold air over his face. Thinking that the door or window of the apartment was open he cast his eyes towards each, but observed that they were closed. On settling down again he was considerably startled at seeing the figure of a woman standing by the fireplace a few feet from him. The figure was clad in dark clothes, with a kind of cowl over the head. The 'pale glimpses of the moon' which found their way into the chamber were not sufficient to define tbe figure accurately, so that its features could not be discerned. With considerable trepida tion Manning turned to awaken his brother, and for a moment took his eyes off the figure. In that moment it vanished. Manning asked his brother to get a light, without saying a word of the spectral appearance. The younger man rose up in bed to get a match from his garment, and he was immediately rendered speechless by an appearance in the corner of the room. When he recovered his speech, he ejaculated that there was a figure in the corner, and retreated under the bedclothes. Calling their manhood to the rescue, the two men — stalwart specimens of the j genus homo—made up their minds to solve the mystery. It may here be said that the one who first sawthe spectre did not see it again after losing sight of it at the fireplace. They both rose to gether to 'lay the ghost,' but on going to of the the corner they saw — nothing. The door room was closed and so was the window, both being as they had left them when they had retired to rest. Such is their story, and so thoroughly impressed are they that they saw an apparition that neither have slept in the room since, but have taken up their quarters in the front room of the house. Every night the sleeping rooms of the family are now illuminated, and lights are kept burning till morning, in dread of the visitation. It is pro bably because the family were expecting a reap pearance of the apparition that it was again seen a few nights after its first visit, and this time by the father. Manning pere was lying, awake and looking through the open door of his bedroom into the room where his sons were sleeping beyond, when a grey figure with a cowl over its head, such as described by the younger son, passed slowly across the room. It appeared as if it had gained entrance by the front door, but both front and back doors were found locked after the disappearance of the figure. There is no doubt but that the inmates of the house have had a great fright from some cause or other, and there is a disposition to connect the disturbing element with the manes of the poor girl who breathed her last in the house under such circumstances that an investigation into the cause of her death was rendered necessary. The closing dinner of the season in con nection with the Gawler Cricket Club was held at tbe Old Spot Hotel, Gawler, on Wednesday evening, June 10. The attendance was mode rate. Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., was in the chair, and Mr. H. E. Bright, jun., the Mayor of the town, in the vice-cbair. After tbe loyal toasts Dr. L'opbam.gave the 'Mayor and Corporation of Gawler,' and expressed his satisfaction at the way in which the affairs of the town were con ducted. Thevice-chairmanresponded,andsaidhe believed that every member of the corporation did what be thought to be best for the interests of tbe town. He also considered that Gawler would bear a favorable comparison not only with any town in the colony but with Adelaide itself, in its general appearance aud condition. Mr. L. J. Wilson proposed the ** Army, navy, and volunteers.' Dr. Popham responded. The chairman then gave tfce toast of 'The Gawler Cricket Club.' He said he felt extremely sorry that so few of the tradesmen of the town were present, as they ought to show their appreciation of manly sports, and more especially of cricket. He hoped the position of the club would improve so that it would become the strongest out of . Adelaide. Mr. G. Bright responded. The hon. secretary, Mr. P. Levick, read a report, which said — ' The number of members has been kept up, and the club is in a good state financially. The next season will be commenced with a credit balance. In the number of matches played and victories won we are deficient. Every effort has been made by tbe committee to - lay as great a number of matches as possible, but the prevailing dulness of tbe times teems to have had its effect on cricketing, and only eight matches have been played, of which number we lost. five. But it must be borne ra mind that during the season we have met none but first-class players, and in none of the matches have we been shamefully beaten. In batting average Mr. Tardiff occupies the premier position with an average of 1210 rims per innings, and thus secures one point to wards tbe cup presented by the patron of the club, Mr. H. B. Bright, M.P. This cup was presented this year, and has to be won three times before becomiag the property of any member. Mr. Tatdif also scoreB a point towards gaining the cup presented by Mr. O. W. Niquet last &8ESOB, and which has to be won twice. Last year it was won by Mr. J. DonnelJ, but he left Gawfer for Mount Gambier, and so lost; his change. Mr. Churchman has second place, witKran average of 11*2 runs, and his careful and steady p]ay bas been of great service to the club. Mr. Devine is third.' The chairman then presented the cup to Mr.Tardif, and hoped tbeie would be strong rivalry for it next season. Tha' recipient briefly acknowledged the gifc. 'The Cricketing _Associations,' ' Kindred Clubs,' and other toasts were proposed and suitably acknowledged. During the evening some capital songs were rendered by Messrs. Devine. Mansers, .Richards, and Thomas, and Mri J. P. Jones gave a couple of recitations in first-rate style. At the Training College on Saturday, June 19, the Hon. Dr. Campbell delivered a lecture on ** Accidents.' There was a good at tendance. He commenced by referring to the danger of accidents being very often seriously increased and a great deal of unnecessary trouble involved in consequence of the loss of pretence of mind and ignorance as to what were tbe best steps to take in an emergency. A pereon possessing some little information might save the subject of an accident an immense amount of bodily suffering, and perhaps save life under some circumstances; and as an example of the former fact he referred to a case which had occurred in the South-East respecting which paragraphs had appeared in the daily papers dnriDg that week. After describing the dif ferent kinds of wounds which might be caused by . accidents tbe doctor pointed out the treatment ' which should be adopted. The lips of an in ; cised wound should be placed together, and sticking plaster and bandages applied. Con tused wounds which would admit of this treat ment should be served in similar manner. Dirty wouEds should be cleansed, as nature revolted against dirt. In cases where blood - ves sels had been severed pressure should be brought to bear on the veins, and in cases of emergency the bleeding of an artery might be retarded by tightly binding the limb between the wound and the centre of cir culation ;as in the case of a wound in the wrist, if tbe elbow were bent as much as possible it would have the effect of at least lessening the hemorrhage. In instances where pressure could not be applied to tbe wound tbe use of ice or cold water was effective. Bleeding of tbe nose might be stopped by forming a clot, or by the use of warm water, it having been lately dis covered that warm water was more serviceable in stoppisg hemorrhage than cold water. Where bleeding of the lungs occurred a person should be made to lie down and kept perfectly still, only cold drinks being given. In the case of a poisoned wound bleeding should be encouraged. THis could be done in several ways, oae plan being to suck the wound steadily for some time. The wound might be cut across with a sharp knife, er the poisoned part burnt out. If a poisoned bite were on a limb a tight bandage might be placed above the wound to prevent the poison getting into the body. Stimulants should be applied through the mouth, and ammonia might also be infused into the veins. Where the poison had acted so far as to cause insensi bility, artificial respiration should be produced if possible. Speaking of fractures, he stated that the patient should be placed in as comfort able a position as possible until skilled assist ance could be secured. Nothing should be done to aggravate the injury by disturbing the fractured parts, as that served to increase the pain and danger. In carrying a person with a broken leg upstairs the limb should be taken foremost, and in coming downstairs the head should be carried foremost &o; that undue pressure might not be brought to bear upon the fracture. On tbe subject of treating persons who were attacked by fits, he stated that when a person fainted efforts should be made to restore the circulation of the blood by laying him perfectly flat and giving him plenty of fresh air. After recovery a small quantity of warm drink should be administered, but a large quantity of stimu lants should never be given. A person in an hys terical fit should be kept quiet, and this could be easily done by four persons. In the case ;of an epileptic fit the patient should be placed iin bed and so hemmed in with pillows that he could do himself no injury. A person in an |apoplectic fit should be removed to as quiet a I place as possible, and nothing should be put' in his mouth. In cases of sunstroke the heat of : he body should be reduced as soon as possible. t 