IJdE jMELBOUSNE EXHIBITION. i By Cosmopolitan. I Victoria exhibits in her displayed resources many things that suggest -profound social problems awaiting the .solution^ of- time. Time, that great scene-shifter in the world's drama, changes .the locality after. a -long run, end begins .again in a new field,.with;new actors and fresh accessories; but the themes, with some variation areall • pretty much the same. Some of the actors live only to acquire Wealth—-make it their religion almost 4rom the nursery to the grave; others live only to spend it. The people who possess brainB and those who possess money often change places and. set to other partners. The best men often fail ; the worst succeed. There is always the villain "of the piece, and as some fall through the trap-door of oblivion, others enter by th» side scenes, and pass across the world's stage in the same fleeting fashion. There is always the same set of vile characters, good and bad, virtuous and vile, and love— " Timers fool"—provides new performers in the shadowy drama. The transition from childhood to youth is not marked by such changes as those which accompany the trans ition from youth to manhood; and, judging by its infinite possibilities, of which there is abundant evidence spread around, Victoria will undergo great changes in the next few years, and crystallise into new and unbooked for shapes undreamed of in the past. With food at the low figure it iB here, and labour so high, and 34 millions of people in the old country, where meat is one shilling per lb., and-human flesh and blood so cheap, as sung by Tom Hood, it is not likely the present per formance Can jun many years longer ; and, unless we are nnable to read the signs of the times, the present Exhibition will greatly ac celerate the impending charges. The sooner the better! There are too many skids on the wheels of progress, and yonng "Victorians, above all, should travel and and see the world. We Bhould like to see and read some of the weekly reports of the foreign com missions and exhibitors, sent • home. It does people good as the poet Burns has put on record," to see ourselves as others see us." People denied aspirates - may acquire wealth, and they should not begrudge the extra two pence in the school estimates for the teaching of manners. England has got to the stage when she can no longer produce a third of the food required to feed her population, and that difficulty is daily increasing, in bo small an island. As an American remarked," It is a very nice little island, bat I was always afraid of foiling over into the sea." Well the Exhibiton has taught us that the world will not have to wait centuries to see Australia take her place among nations. In pursuance of our Belf-imposed task, we have not yet made much progress in finding ont what is not manufactured in Victoria. We hare however, satisfied ourselves that at present they do not manufacture " paupers " nor " workhouses." Neither do they make torpedoes, nor breech-loaders. We have generally remarked that those nations which excel in the one field, are usually pre-eminent in the other. May bad legislation and high civilization never conduct us to that deplorable consummation! We find, however, which could hardly be anticipated, that among the Victorian manufactures are railway loco motives, are first- class American saloon can of elegant construction, Pullman cars, semaphores, and all kinds of telegraphic apparatus and agricultural machinery, and among them all, the nucleus of a museum of antiquities, in the form of the first plough used in the colony. This partriarch among ploughs bean the marks of age and rough service endured in its pioneering mission, and should be preserved in a glass case for future ; generations. Such things as parquet flooring, china, pottery, bronzes, aiid embroidered ecclesiastical vestments, are amongst the Victorian exhibits. What would the gold <Mgger of a bye-gone day say to the last-named? What Captain Costigan said of the gold epauleted, bedecorated, staff officer, 'probably, on the occasion of his first beholding that glittering personage—"Howl should like to pawn him." After seeing only the finished result in Victorian exhibits, we thought it well to see the modus operandi, and Messrs. Swallow and Ariell first showed us behind the scenes at their factory atSandridge. Everybody knows the great English manufactory of Huntley and Palmer at Beading, with its 3,000 em ployes. Mr. Swallow graduated many years ago in that Alma Mater, and here we have an Australian Huntley and Palmer fast growing up. The factory already covers a large space of ground. We know not how many tons of flour, butter, &c.;, per week are not consumed. 700 dozens of eggs per diem are used, and a reserve stock preserved in slime, of some 40,000 dozens is kept up. The famous plum puddings are boiled by steam; 250 plum puddings boiling at one time, (what a sight for school-boys!) or 800 cwt. per day. The ocean of treacle which flows from Messrs. Swallow's premises is all purified by animal charcoal, prepared in all its stages on the spot, as indeed is eveiything throughout the establishment, even to the tin boxes osed for packing and storing; and the cooper's work in the making of barrels, &c.; We expected to see myriads of flies in the treacle depart ment, instead of which there was not one. Perhaps that article is too strong for them! More than 300 work-people are employed on the premises. Mr.F. Bennett's parlour gymnasium at the Exhibition reminds us that we remark in young Victoria a tendency to run to lege and arms, in other words, unequal development. That such things can be counteracted bv proper means, or developed by circumstances, Dr. Darwin has shown conclusively enough, the curious configuration of the giraffe being the result of generations of neck- craning after their proper food which grows at a lofty altitnde. It is invaluable to people of sedentary pursuits, invalids, or for use in bad weather; it takes up no more space than an eight-day clock and can be s-1 up anywhere. Young ladies who desire to develop the just proportions of a Greek Venus, to say nothing of health, should try one. " The jurors are so numerous—about 400— that the accommodation is insufficient, and it also has been found necessary to fix the maximum of the cost of their luncheon 2s. 6d. each. These doves of the Stile must be duly fed, and not overworked. The lofty turrets on the roof of the Exhibition buildings are going to be utilised for the jurors, and next week three rooms will be ready for meetings and discussions. Should any juror go to sleep, he will not be awoke, but left on the roof all night, the outlet being locked at clos;ng- time. Should he awake, he can then «-**-■*y the stars, and the appearance of the Eanorama of Melbourne by moonlight, or per aps, between the glimpses of the moon see ghosts of the kangaroo and the aborigine come to revisit their whilom happy hunting grounds at Carlton. 