PRESENTATION OF AN ADDRESS AND PURSE OF SOVEREIGNS TO THE REV. JOS. WITHERS. BUNBURY, March 23rd. A public meeting was held in the Mechanic's Institute last Monday evening, for the purpose of presenting an address and purse to the Rev. Jos. Withers. Mr. Hayward, who was voted to the chair, said that it afforded him great pleasure to pre- side on that occasion. Mr. Withers was a gentleman whom he had always respected, and looking at the large amount of lasting good that he had done in the district, he had no doubt that all regretted his leaving. The ob- ject of the meeting was to present Mr. Withers with an address and purse as some slight recognition of his long services. He would ask Mr. Venn to make the presentation. Mr. Venn said he thought it would have been better had this honor been conferred upon some one who had been a longer resident in the district and longer acquainted with Mr. Withers and who knew more of his sterling qualities. He had only been in the district a little over two years, but from what he had seen he felt satisfied that Mr. Withers was the right man in the right place. Churches, school- rooms, the Good Templar Lodge, the pre- sent Mechanics' Institute all owed their erec- tion to his instrumentality. At the Williams he had heard of a church about to be built, and schools to be established, all tending to shew that Mr. Withers' heart is in his work. The people in the bush could always depend upon his appearance whenever he was due or wanted, foul weather or fine he and his old grey were always to the front. He had now much pleasure in reading the address : Bunbury, 22nd March, 1880. To the Rev. Jos. Withers, Bunbury. Dear Sir, We the members of the Church of England and the inhabitants of Bunbury and the Well- ington District, hereby desire to express to- wards you our sincere regard and esteem on this the eve of your departure to the Pastorate of the Williams district, knowing and appre- ciating as we do, the earnestness with which you have laboured amongst us during your ministry here, extending, as it has done, over a period of sixteen years. We deeply regret your leaving, but we assure you that though absent from our midst you will always have our earnest prayers and best wishes in your new field of labour in the Gospel work. We feel few could have done so much for the spiritual well-being of the district. You have been the chief instrument in the erection of churches and schoolrooms. You have labored earnestly and persistently in promoting the education of the young, and also in the cause of temperance. Your name will especially be remembered by the settlers scattered far and wide in the bush, from your self-denying efforts to carry the Gospel of Christ to their homes. We know you are making a sacrifice in leav- ing us, as the home comforts which have sur- rounded you here will not fall to your lot for some time, but you are no doubt impressed with the conviction that your services are re- quired in that large and important sphere. We again assure you of our hearty and sin- cere good wishes and earnestly hope you will be long spared with your family-in health and strength for the work which you have hitherto carried on with so much success and with such good results. We now beg your acceptance of a small purse, contributed by your friends as an ex- pression of their kindly feelings towards you, and on behalf of the members of the Church, and the inhabitants of the district generally we subscribe ourselves, Dear Sir, Yours faithfully, [Here follow the signatures.] Mr. Withers then read the following reply : To the members of the Church of England and other Christian Churches in the Well- ington District. My Dear Friends, I thank you heartily and cordially for your affectionate and kind address-as also for the substantial token of your regard which you have now placed in my hands. It is a matter for devout thankfulness to Almighty God, that he has permitted me to live and labour amongst you for so long a time, and that he has enabled me to live down pre- judice, to promote various schemes of useful- ness, and to identify myself as far as was prac- ticable with the material, social, and spiritual well-being of this district. I have ever acted upon the principle that I was bound as a minister, not only to preach the Gospel, but to do good in any and every way that presented itself, hence for some years and until the establishment of municipalities I took an active part in the management of the town. When first I came amongst you, there was no building available for public meetings-this fact prompted the desire to erect and form a Mechanics' Institute. I need hardly say you now possess a good Institute-a building which is an ornament to the town, and which has proved a great public benefit. You are good enough to refer to the interest which I have shown in the cause of education and in that of temperance. I can tell you it needed more than ordinary enthusiasm to fur- ther the one, and of faith and courage to pro- mote the other. But the fact is I could do no other. Humanly speaking, I owe my success in life to the fact that I had a good sound education and that I made a good use of it. I was not born " with a silver spoon in my mouth " and I am not sorry for it. Honor and shame from no condition rise Act well your part-here all the merit lies. Then as to the temperance movement. I look upon it in our day, and amongst English speaking communities especially, as part and parcel of a minister's work. Intemperance like an undying worm is gnawing at the vitals of society and impedes its progress at every step. I am thankful to have been in some measure useful in helping forward so beneficent an enterprise. There is one topic upon which you have not touched in connection with my departure hence, and that is that in consequence of my doing so you now enter upon Responsible Go- vernment in Church affairs. I should not be candid with you if I did not state openly, what I have frequently stated in private, that, in addition to the conviction that I have been called unto and fitted for pioneer work in a new district, I felt bound at the same time to give a helping hand to the Bishop in initiating a movement for the voluntary maintenance of the clergy. This I have been doing for now nearly two years. I have, mainly at my own expense, or- ganised and established bush services through- out the length and breadth of the district, and at the same time shown you how, without any sacrifice worth speaking of, you can support your own minister. The vestry which represents you has by means of your contributions paid the passage of your new minister. He is now with you, and has fairly entered upon his work, and nothing further is necessary on the part of the mem- bers of the church and of as many others as make use of his services, than to fulfil their engagements. I shall watch your progress in this matter with interest, and trust that I shall have no reason to be ashamed of you. And now, in parting, allow me to express to you who are present, and to the settlers of the Wellington district, one and all, churchmen and dissenters, my most cordial thanks, not only for this address and purse, but also for the numberless kindnesses you have shown me during all the years I have lived amongst you and to pray as I do most sincerely that the blessings of God Almighty, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, may rest upon you and yours now and always. I thank you for your kind wishes for my family.-Farewell ! A vote of thanks was then given to Mr. Hayward for presiding, and the meeting sepa- rated, Mr. Withers shaking hands with the people as they passed out. All feel that we have lost from our midst a really good man. TOODYAY. March 26th, 1880. When we had the management of our roads you never heard of a tree being allowed to lie across them for five hours, but now it is not un- common for one to be let lie for five weeks. There is a large tree across the road on the eastern slope of the hill between the Red Swamp and Baylup, that has been there for that length of time, I have been told that a police man was sent with a small hatchet to clear it away. Fancy what a job the poor man would have had, the tree being over two feet in diameter. My team nearly came to grief the last trip and we thought that we should have had to cut the telegraph line to clear the load ; I suppose there would have been a jolly row if we had done so. The road is very much cut up, there being no person to attend to it and keep the ruts filled in, we used to boast that we had the best road in the colony but it will not be for long. Nothing has been done to the road from the Helena Bridge to Perth, it has always been a mystery to me why those blocks were laid down. When there is plenty of the best material for road making, Iron Stone, within a short distance. I am con- stantly told of accidents, broken wheels, shafts, legs and fingers. People often come to me with their grievances, the one to day is, what has been done with our P.O. Savings bank books, we have not got them back, and it is now three months since we sent them down. Our Resident Magistrate Mr. Fairbairn has been ordered to the Vasse ; I think we have been treated with but scant courtesy, the wishes of the Toodyay settlers ought to have been consulted. Mr. Fairbairn leaves regretted by every person. The weather is most delight- ful. 