Occasional Notes. Your oontempbwy Mtow the road/tells its SSZtirtya***'* followed him m £e^nSeVof thV brthing-houses. The ™ra«aphwss written «kdb time since, Still, better late than never j*^ *£ nTr yearn past you have- advocated jwer chapes foi the oon»es^ce o£ the citaams. SS? contemporary »d™ a 'fl£»tag machine. I dp not, and I wul tj#you whv— vou cannot Very veil fence them in. » wouIdSostrory uSetoimaa a batfatag hooae on piles fermfrg -*«?-«** -* ? ?quare, with six or eight divisions on each aide ; TxMdea «p to, W, 'fen feet from ih» floor, with a platform four feet -W»de running around it There should oe a anuflroom in *ne centre, sufficiently large JTlaecommodate tbe keeper «E «»P^ where he might keep hu» towels, brushes, ^ZSL, *T looking .glass.; ;? and in SdSn there should be a small American BtoVein the place, so that bathers who chose might be supplied with a pup of hot ooffee after their bath. The sua ot tte batik itself would depend' in a great measure oTtte depth of water at the.«dcitt- bunding. I think if the fencing extended a^Tor eighty feet beyond it would be found ante sufficient; a netting of mlraaifled iron wire, of medium-size mesh, £™ld keen the bath free from jelly-fish or blubber and other objectionable matter, and assist in giving confidence to those who are of a nervous temperament I sincerely hope that something #01 be done in the matter. If at once one building was erected it could be used by both ladies and gentlemen, by appointing certain hours of the daj for one and the other. But I see no reason why both boudings could not be started at the same SaeTand lam satisfied the ladies' would .return a larger per centage of profits than the gentlemen's. One of your corresptmaenja mumw™ ago drew the attention of the public to the probability of there being payable gold not rvery greatdistanoefrom Perth. Ishouldl like to know if any one haa ever tried ; their luck at it yet or not We want something to stir us up a little, and I am sure nothing would do it bo effectually as the report of a decent nugget or two being found somewhere near at hand ; but un fortunately they do not generally lie on the surface, to be tumbled over by any iw~4~ J*ot mnnim looking after. - I hare just been perusing some papers froml the other side, and they have mads me restless ever since. Hundreds and tbrei'''*' of ounces of gold ate spoken of as coolly as we should speak abfrutiuindred weights of spuds. Bead this-fran the Warden at Charters Towers, ^Queensland, I to the Secretary of Mines;— 'I. des u&tched; the escort on the 3 1st of the month with U,623oz. lldwt. 18grs. of cold, being the product of was weeks' opera tions (the italics are mine.) From the crushing returns forwarded herewith you will see that 2609 tons of quartz have ^ioiAoA 7747o2. 2dwt of cold, at an average of 2oz. lBdwt. 3grs. per ton. The two latter facte will demonstrate better than words the nourishing condition of the gold-field.' I quite agree with him. Now for New South Wales. 'At Temora aj nugget 3oz. weight has been found. There nuggets weighing 49 oz. were found last week in one claim. North Copeland : 74 ton of stone yielded S^Oost of gold, which means upwards of £3,000 ; at the same T»l*rm271 tons from another claim yielded 1500oz., or, in other words, £6,000 ; and yet in the colony where this quantity of ] gold can be found the Government offers I £500 for tbediscovery of payable gold in j quartz veins or lodes at a depth of more than 1000 feet. The New South Wales Government need not be at all alarmed ; the claim* for the five hundred will be made soon enough, never fear. Victoria : The ratnrns for the week ending Sept 11 for Ballarat (from quartz mines only) was 5488 oz. ; Sandhurst, over 4,000 oe.' And I ao it goes on, until, as I said before, it makes me restless, and I feel that I could handle a pick with far better will than a magnum bonum. I was pleased on reading the manner in which our esteemed Governor stood up for Western Australia at the banquet in Mel bourne the other day. He evidently has not lost faith in his Cinderella, if others of nn have. More Dower to His Excellency, and I wish there were more of his opinion than there are ; bat as she is down, of course it would be contrary to human nature not to kick her, not with the inten- 1 tion of getting her up — oh dear, no !— but I fast to lethei know our contempt for her, you, know. . Never mind, her time must and will come, and we do . act 'know how soon, and she may yet be -worthy to take hex stand side by side with the best of them alL May the day soon come, say I. Much has, *een said and written, and maoy a growl been given utterance to, against tha colonists who reside in, and aoend their money in 'Great Britain ; and not without some show of reason. Yet 1 j am sure that had it not been for these old j oolohists remaining at Home, as it is | familiarly edited, the colonies would not have been placed in such good circum stances as they now are. 'Few of us are I aware of the interest — which is theirs also j —they take in the prosperity and advance- -j Bient of the places in which they lived for : -many Tears, and from.whenoe they most of - them still derive their; .wealth- I have, before me the last volume of the Proceedings . of the -Royal Colonial Institute, gmug a full report of the meetings of the Institute and showing us that a vast amount of 'interest imhown iu-eV«y possible way by not only our own and other colonists, bat by (b» Sngliah' avid other Europeans as well. I am sorry to see in tbe lists of names of those attending the meetings so few West Australians, but hope that may be improved by the time tbe nest volume ©i the proceedings is published. The object of die Institute, as its same implies, is to discuss matters of interest other than political connected with the colonies of Great Britain; and after going theongh the work done by its membens daring *be last twelve months for the various colonies they represent, I «m led to wish that one or two of our leading colonists who have the brains for writing a .good paper on tJus colony would take a trip Home, or, at any kate, sendifc to the Honorary Seftrefcary^of the Institute, who would be glad toreadit for them. ' We want more interest taken in the colony by those who have derived and are deriving their wealth from it ; instead of, as is ao much the fashion, decrying it, bewailing a» position an the colonial seals; and indeed doing everything to bring it into contempt, the true colonist would strive to make known its almost twmtwHaoH nwouroas and its heslthrgiving climate.; pointing out the immense field for British and foreign enterprise, unsur passed, if not unequalled, anywhere else. But no; the general run of the W.A. colonisto Jteil you that notiuag good can come out of Western Australia! It may seem hard to many that this colony is ao far behind her Bisters, but Is* me ask what have they, these pursa-prohd colonista living meawat Borne, dona to push nerfor nn! Why,theyhavemadealltheycanout of her- andputitintobankBhares, but— witti few exceptions— would not invest a penny unless with the dead certainty of receiving each a return as would drive people in some parts of the world crazy witn deugnc. There is a terrible lack of speculative energy in our population, and until that is changed we can expect but little advanca ic material welfare. We want a strong infusion of the Yankee element in our midst, and then perhaps we might, after a time, manage to walk, instead of crawl, as we are doing at present It is not pleasant to write in this strain ; but the truth must be told sometimes, however unpalatable it ''?ThB foUowiua. which I have clipped from the South Auitratian Chromcle-, of Oct 16, «hows what may happen to even the cleverest men in the profession: — « There was a very large house at Garners' Theatre on Saturday night to witness the production for the first time in Adelaide of j Professor Pepper's world-renowned Cvhost Illusion, which he exhibited successfully for many years in London, and since his tour round the world has shown in numerous cities to many audiences. Illusions of a similar kind have been before ram in Adelaide, but they were managed an a different principle to that exhibited ( by Professor Pepper, of which he and Messrs. DiAsks andTobin were the original inventors, their illusion being by far the most perfect and striking. That such is ; the case must have been apparent to every one who witnessed the performance on ( Santos* wght^despite all. the drawbacks ; which attended it In the first plaoe the , professor was working under a disadvantage | In his apparatus having been damaged by a serious explosion on the previous day, and also in the fact that the members of the company were, with one exception, novices in the gboat business, _whioh demands much more histrionic eKiu tnan i the general public imagine, and had been ', able to have but one rehearsal. It was therefore scarcely to be wondered at that actors and ghosts alike did not perform together so well &s; could have been wished, and that the light was now and again uncertain. The entertainment opened with the story of Pygmalion and Galatea, the artist king being disclosed, when the ! curtain rose, standing in mute admiration nf the lovelv statue which he had formed. The effect of the statue waking to life was cleverly given, and the lady who played the character sang very prettily the well known, air, 'Scenes that are Brightest.' The audience ,were then informed by Professor Pepper, who acted throughout as the lecturer, of the continuation of the story, and of how, grieved at the distress of Pygmalion'* wife, who has been dis carded for her, Galatea prays the goddess that she may be returned to her former lifeless state. The goddess, however, prefers translating the . fair one to the celestial abodes, and the manner in which the form moving on the stage, apparently substantial, was made instantaneously to vanishifrom the grasp of Pygmalion, was [very well executed. This, which was by far the most successful ghost illusion of the evening, was followed by an exhibitum by means of a large magic lantern of a »riM of nhotofirapfaB, illustrative of ancient and modem statues, which were magnified to life size on the screen, and stood out with a wonderful steroosoopic effect Among the most beautiful were the 'Belvedre ApoUo ;' the 'Mars, « Venus, « Venus de Medici,' ' Ajax defy ing the Lightning,' and a beautiful group by Thorwaldsen, erected over the tomb of one of the cardinals in Rome. These pictures, which excited general admiration, were succeeded by two other ghost illusions— the 'Worried Barber' and 'Fisher's Mystery,' the latter founded on the well Lknowa^tory of the Fisher apparition at Penritn. in New South Wales— neither of which were bo successful as could nave been desired; and an effort at portrait sketching by an invisible hand, which was a complete failure from some cause or other. The magic lantern exhibitions of the 'crawling demons' and the 'color changes,' known to all frequenters of Professor Pepper's lectures, came next, and the entertainment, which wul be repeated 'Uus -evening, concluded with another spectre sV-ry, 'Room 27, or the Haunted' Inn,* in which the midnight adventuresof 'a traveller with ghosts were depicted, and one of the spectres, the « Maid ' aang very nicely « Rocked m the cradle of the deep.' I see that Mr. Griffiths' mishap has been followed by that of his some time employer, and, I singularly, in almost exactly the same manner. The notice does not state that the immense sheet of glass used in some way for the production of the ghosts was broken, as in Mr. Griffiths' case -but if bo, Mr. Pepper could easily replace it ; whereas the risk ^ap*wo«reitt,El imagine, *-r Mr. Griffiths- fc- 1(Un-a second lama fin* pity Mr. Griffiths did not see his way dear to try again. 