TALES FBOlf ' BLA.CKWOOD.' THE HAUNTED AND THE HAUNTERS : ' oa, THE HOUSE AND THE BRAIN. {coxmrcRD.) It was but for a inomant that I re mained undecided whether- or not to fol low my servant ; pride and curiosity alike forbade so dastardly a flight I re- entered uty room, closing the dour after me, and proceeded cautiously into the interior chamber. I encountered nothing to justify mv servant's terror. I again care fully examined the walls, to see if there were any concealed door. I could find no trace of one — not even a seam in the dull brown paper with which the toon* was hung. How, then, had the Thing, whatever it was, which had so scared him, obtained ingress except through my own, clamber? I returned to my room, shut and locked the door that opened upon the interior one, and stoodou the hearth, expectant and prepared. I now perceived that the dog had slunk into an angle of the wall, and was pressing himself close against it, as if literally striving to force his way into it. I approached the auiiual and spoke to it : the poor brute was evidently beside itself with terror. It showed all its teeth, the slaver dropping from its jaws, and would certainly have bitten me if I had touched it. It did not seem to recognise me. w noever lias, seen at tite Zoological Gardens a rabbit fascinated by a sepent, cowering in a corner, may from some idea of the anguish which the dog exhibited. Finding all efforts to soothe the animal in vain, and fearing that his bite might be as venomous in that state as in the madness of hydrophiA-m, I left him alone, placed jny weapons on the table beside the fire, seated myself, and recom menced my Macaulay. Perhaps, in order not to reappear seeking credit for a courage, or rather a coolness, which the reader may conceive I exaggerate, I may be pardoned if I. pause to indulge in one or two egotistical remarks. As I hold presence of mind, or what is called courage, to be precisely propor tioned to familiarity with the circum stances that lead to it, so I should say that I had been long sufficiently familiar with all experiments that appertain to the Marvellous. I had witnessed many very extraordinary phenomena in various parts of the world — phenomena that would be either totally disbelieved if I stated them, or ascribed to supernatural agencies. Now, my theory is that the Supernatural is the Impossible, and that what is called supernatural is only a something in the laws of nature of which we have been, hitherto ignorant. Therefore, if a ghost rise before me, I have not the right to say, ' So, then, the supernatural is possible,' but rather, 'So then, the apparition of a ghost is, contrary to re ceived opinion, within the laws of nature — t. E. , not supernatural. ' Now, in all that I had hitherto wit nessed, and indeed in all the wonders which the amateurs of mystery in our age record as facts, a material living , agency is always required. On the Conti nent you will find still magicians who assert that they can raise spirits. Assume for a moment that they assert truly, still the living material form of the magician is present ; and he is the material agency by 'which, from some constitutional peculiarities, certain strange phenomena are represented to your natural senses. Accept, again, as truthful, the tales of Spirit Manifestation in America — musical or other sounds— writing on paper, pro duced by no discernible hand — articles of furniture moved without apparent human agency — or the actual sight aa&fcouch; of hands, to which no bodies seem to be long — still there must v be found the xedioi or living being,' with constitu tional peculiarities capable of obtaining these signs. In fine, in all such marvels, supposing even that there is no impos ture, there must be a human being like ourselves, by whom, or through whom, the effects presented to human beings are .4. produced. It is so with the now familiar I-hftnA*'**'* of mesmerism or electro -, biology ; the mind of the person operated * on is affected through a material living agent, nor, supposing it true tuat a mesmerised patipnt can respond to the ?will or passes of a mesmeriser a hundred miles distant, is the response less occa sioned by a material being; it may be through a material fluid- call it Electric, call it Odic, call it what you will— which has the power of traversing space and lasiOTg obstacles, that the material effect is communicated from one to the other. Hence all that I had hitherto witnessed, or expected to witness, in this strange house, I believed to be occasioned through some agency or medium as mortal as my Mlf ; and this idea necessarily prevented the awe with which tho*e who 'regard as supernatural tilings that am not within tie ordinary operations of nature, might have been'?SQ]3reasea t-y the ^1 ventures of ihst mwpOHiMft night, , , ^ ^ As, then, it was my conjecture that all that was presented, or would be pre sented, to my senses, mast originate in some human being gifted by constitution with the power so to present them, and 'laving «ome motive so to do, I felt an interest in my theory which, in its way, was rather philosophical Uian super stitious. And I can sincerely say that I was in as tranquil a temper f- tt observation as any practical experimentalist could be in awaiting the effects of some rare, though perhaps perilous chemical combin ation. Of course, the more I kept my mind detached from fancy, the more the temper fitted for observation would be obtained ; and I therefore riveted eye and thought on the strong daylight sense in the page of my Macaulay. I now became aware that something interposed between the page and the light- the page was over-shadowed : I looked up, and I saw what I shall find it very difficult, perhaps impossible, to describe. It was a Darkness shaping' itself out of the air in very undefined outline. I can uot say it was of a human form, and yet it had more resemblance to a human form, or rather shadow, than anything else. As it stood, wholly apart and distinct rrom me air ana we ugut around it, its dimensions seemed gigantic, the summit nearly touching the ceiling. While I gazed, a feeling of intense cold seized me. An iceberg before me could not more have chilled me ; nor could the cold of an iceberg have been more purely physical I feel convinced that it was not the cold caused by fear. As I con tinued to gaze, I thought— but this I can not say with precision — that I distin guished two eyes looking down on me from the height. One moment I seemed to distinguish them clearly, the next they seemed gone ; but still two rays of a pale blue light frequently shot through the darkness, as from the height on which I half believed, half doubted, that I had encountered the eyes. I strove to speak — my voice utterly failed me ; .1 could only think to myself, ' Is this fear ? it is not fear !' I strove to rise — in vain ; I felt as if weighed down by an irresistible force. Indeed, my im pression was that of an immense and over whelming Power opposed to my volition ; — that sense of utter inadequacy to cope with a force beyond men's, which one may feel PHYKICAIXY in a storm at sea, in a conflagration, or when confronting som-- terrible wild beast, or rather, perhajiE, the shark of the ocean, 1 felt moually. Opposed to my will was another will, as far superior to its strength as storm, (ire, and shark arc superior iu material force to the force of men. And now, ob tliis impression grew on me, now came, at hist, horror -horror ti- a degree that no words cu» convey. Still I retained pride, if not murage ; and in my own mind I said, ' This is horror, but it is not fear ; unless I fear, I cannot be is an illusion — I do not fear.' With a .violent effort I succeeded at but in stretching out my hand towards the n'eapon on the table : as I did so, on the arm and shoulder I received «. strange shock, and my arm fell to my side power less. And now, to add to my horror, the light began slowly to waue from the candles — they were not, as it were, ex tinguished, but their fliune seemed very gradually withdrawn : it was the same with the fire — the light was extracted from the fuel ; in a few minutoa the room was in utter darkness. The dread that came over me, to be thus in the dark with that dark Thing, whose power was so intensely felt, brought a reaction of nerve. In fact, terror had reached that climax, that either my senses must have deserted me, or I must have burst through the spelt I did hurst through it. I found voice, though the voice was a shriek. I remember that I broke forth with words like these — ' 1 do not fear, my soul does not fear ;' and at the same time I found the strength to rise. ' Still in that profound gloom I rushed to one of the windows — tore aside the curtain — flung open the shutters ; my first thought was — LIGHT. And when I bow the moon high, clear, and calm, I felt a joy that almost compensated for the previous terror. There was the moon, there was also the light from the gas lamps in the deserted slumberous street I turned to look back into the room ; the moon penetrated its shadow very palely and: partially — but still there was light. The dark Thing whatever it might be, was gone — except that I could yet see a dim shadow, which seemed the shadow of that shade, against the opposite wall. My eye now rested on the table, and from under the table (which was without cl-ath and cover — an old mahogany round table) there rose a hand, visible as far as the wrist. It was a hand, seemingly, as much -rf flesh and blood as my own, but the hand of an aged person — lean, wrinkled, small too — a woman's hand. That hand very softly closed on the two letters that lay on the table ; liand and letters both vanished. There then came the same three loud measured knocks I had. heard aX the bed-head before this extraordinary drama had commenced. As. those sounds slowly ceased, I felt the whole room vibrate sensibly ; and at the far end there rose, as from die floor, sparks or globules, like bubles of light, many- coloured — green, yellow, fire-red, azure. Up and down, to and fro, hither, thither, as tiny WOl-o'-the-Wisps, the sparks moved, eJow or swift, each at its own caprice. A chair (as in the drawing room below) was now advanced from the wall without apparent agency, and placed at the opposite sMe of the* table. Sud denly, as forth from the chair, there grew a Shape — a woman's shai-e. It was distinct as a shape of life — ghastly as a shape of death. The face was that of youth, with a strange mournful beauty ; the throat and shoulders were bare, the rest of the form in a loose robe of cloudy white. It began sleeking its long yellow hair, which fell over itB shoulders ; its eyes were not turned towards me, but to the door ; it seemed listening, watching, waiting. The shadow of the shade in the background grew darker ; and I again thought I beheld the eyes gleaming out from the summit of the shadow — eyes fixed upon that shape. As if from the door, ttiouch it did not open, there grew out another shape, equally distinct, equally ghastly — a man's shape — a young man's. It was in the dress of the fast century, or rather in a likeness of such dress ; for both the male shape and the female, though defined, were evidently unsubstantial, impalpable — simulacra — phantasms ; and there was something ineoagruouB, grotesque, yet fearful, in the contrast between the elaborate finery, the courly precision of that old- fashioned, garb, with its mines and lace and buckles, and the corpse like aspect and ghost-like stillness of the flitting wearer. Just as .the ma]^ ?hope approached the feras'e, the dark Shadow started from the wall, nil three for a moment wzspped In darkness. When the paW Ii45bi returned, the two phantoms wexe as if in the gxssp of the Shadow 4ha* towered between them; and there was a blood stain on the breast of the female 1 «ad: the phantom, male was leaning on its phantom, urord, and blood ^M^mfHJ trickling £ast from the ruffles, from dw laoe : and the darkness of the intermediate Shadow swnllownd (hem up — they were gone. Ami again the bubbles of light shot, and sailed, find undulated, growing thicker and thicker and more wildly confiisi^I in ri»*fr movements. The closet door to. the right of the fire place now opened, and from the aperature there came the form of a wuwan, aged. In bar -hand a\e held hitters — the very letters over which I had seen the Hand dose ; and behind her 1 heard a footstep. She turned round as if to listen, and then she opened the letters and seemed to read ; and over her shoulder I saw a livid face, the face as of a man long drowned — bloated, bleached— ssaweed tangled in its dripping hair ; and at her feet lay a form as of a corpse, and beside the corpse there cowered a child, a. miserable squalid child, with famine in its cheeks and fear in its eyes. And as I looked into the old woman** face, the wrinkles and lines vanished, and it became a face of youth — hard-eyed, stony, but still youth ; and the Shadow darted forth, and darkened over these phantoms as it had darkened over the last Nothing now was left but the Shadow, and on that my eyes were intently fixed, till again eyes grew out of the Sliadow — malignant, serpent eyes. And the bubbles of light again rose and fell, and in their disordered, irregular, turbulent maze, mingled with the van moonlight. And nuw from theixj globules themselves, at from the shell of an egg, monstrous tilings burst out ; the air grew tilled with them ; larv.'c so bloodless and so hideous tiiat I can in no way describe them except to re mind the reader of the swarming life which the solar microscope brings before his eyes in a drop of water — things trans parent, supple, Agile, chasing each other, devouring each other — forms like nought ever beheld by the naked eye. As theshapes were without symmetry, so their move ments were without order. In their very vagrancies tuarts was no sport ; they came round in u and round, thicker and faster and swifter, swarming over my head, crawling over my Jig ;t arm, which was outstretched iu inv-uiuntary command against all evil boiu^s. Sometimes I felt myself touched, but not by them ; invisible hands touched me. Once I felt the clutch as of cold soft fingers at my throat. I was still c iually conscious that if I gave way to fear I should be in bodily porii ; and I concentred all iuy faculties in tils single focus of resisting, stubborn will. And 1 turned my sight from the sliadow— above all, fr.jin Uiosu strange serpe.it eyes— -eyes that had now bee mi ? distinctly visible. For there, though in nought else around me, 1 was aware that there wan a WILL, and a will of intense, creative, wor!uiig evil, which might crush down iuy own. The jtalu atmosphere In the room began now to -red-leu us if in the air of some near conflagration. The larviu grew lurid as thi;iL~s tLat live in fire. Again the room vibrated ; again were heard the t :i--o measured knocks ; and again all tilings were swaUowed up in the darkness (if the dark Shadow, as if out of that dark ness all had come, iuto that darkness all returned. As t'le gloom receded, the Shadow was wholly gone. Slowly as it had been with drawn, the flame grew again into the candles on the table, again into tue fuel in the grate. T.ie whole room came once more calmly, healthfully into sight. The two doors were still closed, 'the door communicating with the servant's room still locked. In the corner of the wall, in which he had so convulsively niched himself, lay the dog. I called to him — no movement ; I approached — the animal was dead ; his eyes \ rotruded ; his tongue out of his mouth ; the froth gathered round his jaws. I took him in my arms ; I brought liirn to the fire ; I felt acute grief for the loss of my poor favourite — acute self- reproach ; I accused myself of his death ; I imagined he had died of fright. But what was my sur prise on finding that his neck was actually broken — actually twisted out of the verte bras. Hod this been done in the dark I — must it not have been by a hand human as mine ? — must there not have been a human agency all the while in that room ? Good cause to suspect it. I cannot tell. I cannot do more than state the fact fairly ; the reader may draw his own inference. Another surprising circumstance — my watch was restored to the table from which it had been go mysteriously with drawn ; but it had stopped at the very moment it was so withdrawn ; nor, despite all the skill of the watchmaker ; has it ever gone since — that is, it will go in a strange erratic way fur ft few hours, and then come to a dead stop — it is worthless. Nothing more chanced for the rest of the night Nor, indeed, liad I long to wait before the dawn broke. Not till it was broad daylight did 1 quit the haunted house. Before I did bo, 1 revisited the little blind room in whic'i my servant and myself bad been for a time imprisoned. I had a strong impression — for which I could not account — that from that room had originated the mechanism of the phenomena — if I may use the term — which had been experienced in my chamber. And though I entered it now in the clear day, with the sun peering through the filmly window, I still felt, as I stood on its floor, the creep of the horror which I had first there experienced the night before, and which had been so aggravated by wliat had jiassed in my own chamber. I could not, indeed, bear to stay more than h.-Jf a minute within those walls. I descended the stairs, and again I heard the footfall before me ; and when I opened the street door, I thought I could distinguish a very low laugh. I gained my own home, expecting to find my run- away servant there. But he had not presdutv~d liimself ; nor did I hear 'more of him for three days, when I re ceived a letter from him, dated from Livi- rpi-ol, to this effect : — ' Honoured Sir, — I humbly entreat your pardon, though I can scarcely hope that you will think I deserve it, unless — which Heaven forbid ! — you saw what I did. I feel that it will be years before I can recover myself ; and as to being fit for service, it ib out of the question. I am therefore going to my brother-in Jaw at Melbourne. The ship sails to-morrow. Perhaps the long voyage may set me up. I do nothing now but start and trenibls, and fancy it is behind me. I humbly beg you, honoured sir, to order my clothes, and whatever -wages are doe to me, to be sent to my mother's, at Walworth, — John knows her address. ' The bitter ended with additional apologies, somewhat incoherent, { and explanatory details as to effects, that i had been under the writer's charge. - j (TO BC pOSCXUKKD IN OUB KBIT.)) 