the i'add/noton election. THIS NOJlttATfOXS'. Tliu nomination of candidates for tho roproscnCa- tion of the electorate of Paddington w:io made yes terday, at noon, front the balcony of the Town Hull, Uedfern. There was a largo crowd of people in tho street, besides a good number who bad made lueir way into the hall at the rear of the speakers. The returning officer, Mr. Morgan, having read aloud Uio ttfit Issued for the election, The lion jo un SrTilKltl.a.vt) proposed Mr. Wil liam Uczlct as » lit and projwr person to represent the electorate. ltd said he did not propose him on account of Mr. Hezlet's having performed the same duty for himself on a former occasion, hat because he had known him for a quarter of n century to In? a man of gre.1t experience, and ready to give his sup port to Liberal candidates whoever they might be. (.Applause.) lie did not think it necessary for him to say much in favour of Mr. Jlezlot. The state of Parliamentary affair generally was such that any gentleman who might bo sent to the House now would have little chance of doing anything before he would apj-ar l»efore them 'again. The Stamp Act, the Education -Bill, and the janil Bill had already passed from duv-'tission in the House, and there only remained the Electorate Hill, which was a very important one, and he thought even that might pa? a to the Upper House before their represen tative would have any change of making a speech upon it. The present Electorate Hill was of tho greatest importance to them. Paddington, one of the mm-t populous district', and richest in freehold pro- jvrlv In the colony, was not fairly represented in tiiat Hill, ami according to its population it ought to hart? six members instead of /our. (Hear, hear.) He had no doubt that the gentle man he hail the honour to propose to theiu wonld watch their interests carefully and well, nnd honestly take his position on that ground. Ho (Mr. Mc/.feU was not under obligation to 11113- living, and ne hoped he never would be under any political obligation that would prevent him doing justice to the electorate of Haddington. The exten sion of railways and tramwavs wap u matter of great importance, and on this Mr. He/Jet wiw sound, thorough, and independent, for; being no pro perty holder, and under 110 political obliga tion he would he able to support the measure that, was most likely to be beneficial to the country. He regretted very much that- tho name of a very "old politician was to be brought before them —the' name of a genMeman who was not in tho country. It was supposed flint he (Mr. Sutherland) would have supported this gentleman, who was hi friend. He believed in the ability and independence of the gentleman named, but lie belicred tlicy were not his friends who had brought him forward that da 1 and he thought, considering the few month Parliament hud now to sit, the.v were doing an tin- friendly net to that gentleman in allowing him to be 'hawked about in his absence. Mr. horsier Could get n seat at the general election 110 doubt at many places— (Hear, hear) — and from communications which he had received from n number of electors in different parts of the colony, they were ready to oiler him a seat if lie were to present himself for election, when they knew that the smoke of the old country had had no effect on his constitution, aa it had on others. (Cheers.) Mr. Wknhv Hudson (Mayor of Kcdfern) said he ap peared bhfoie them as an emergency man to second tho nomination of Mr. lie/lot. He considered the Edncal ion question of more importance than the Land Hill, for if people were not educated it was im possible for them to so discern between right and wrong as to be able to elect u lit pcrisuii to represent them. (Hoar, hear.) It had been raid that Mr. Pursier uas a pioneer of compulsory education — (" No") — lie was not there to' deny it: but what guarantee had they that he would take Ills seat if they elected him? It was extremely necessary Dial ihey should be represented 111 Parliament at once, while1 under the most favourable circmuidnnccti it would be impossible for Mr. Fonder to take bis scat for two mouths to come, ami during those Ltvo months the most important questions weretoconm up. Paddington war the second largest constituency in New South Wales, and had hitherto been repre sented by a gentleman whoso ability was as great aa that of several other members put together; blithe had now left them, and so gave thein an opportunity of choosing another man to take his place. (Hear, hear.) If they lust lhalopportnnity,havingsueh great interest in the Electorate Bill, it might Lj long before it would lake the attention of Parliament, again. A statement had been made that he (Mr. Hudson) had tried to influence his employes in the election for East Sydney, but lie denied the truth of this. Ah long as he lived he would never try to influence any man in his euiplov to vote one way or another. (Cheers.) Mr. Maiitin Cit'ESTj who was received with groan and other marks of disapprobation, proposed Mr. J. B. Douglas as a candidate. He said he thought the least those present could have done was to heal' what he had to say. The) had given Mr. Sutherland a fair and impartial hearing, and they ought to accord the same to him. (Hear, hear, and groans.) Over 20 years ago lie furined one of a committee to induce .Mr. Sutherland to take Parliamentary honours, lie was elected on that occasion, and no vote, no wnrd, 1101 anything lie had done, had been such as he (Mr. Guest) did not agree with. As he, therefore, was successful with the candidate he introduced then, he hoped to bo similarly successful now. He- had known Mr. Douglas for many years, and a more upright and honest man there was not in thecountr. He had not put on his political principles to suit the present occasion, like many had done; but had been sincere and had always stuck to his principles through thick and thin. He hoped (hey would send him to Parliament, for lie would be more useful in the House than out of it. (Laughter.) Mr. Douglas was a Protectionist, and was one of the first to stand forward for the rights of 1 lie people. He had been one of the first too, to attempt the amendment of the Masters and Servants Act, ami had been instrumental in getting the Land Act which had placed 220,000 free holders on the land. Since that time Ins principles were unchanged. He stood up for the present Elec torate Act;, which had given them the ballot, and was, in his (Mr. Guest's) opinion, the right gentleman to assist in bringing about those institutions which they valued so much. 'Twenty years ago lie had Likeu the first steps to bring about free education. Lin had called a meeting on the matter, and he (Mr. Guest) was himself part- of a deputation appointed to see Professor Smith about it, so that Mr. Douglas might be called the Father of Free Education in this city. He was a firm supporter of Protection, and he (Mr. Guest) would ask lliem whether they thought the)' would have tlie manufac tures they possessed in that suburb if it had not been for Protection ? ("Dry tip") Mr. Hudson had said he did not want Protection, 1ml he could tell them that many of thcut, like Mr. Hudson, were to day eating the bread of Protection. (Groans nnd derisive cheers.) It was only by Protection they would he able to build factories, jf they elected Mr. He/.lct, thoy would elect , a man who would go in for TVue-trade, ami who would be in favour of bringing immigrants into the eountry who would bring down tho wages to starvation point. (" You're a liar," and laughter.) 80 far as Mr. He/let was concerned, the)' did not know much about liiiu. (Derisive cheers.) It had been nduiitied that lie would go into the House to learn lo he a talker, but did they wank this? They would have an opportunity of judging between Mr. Hc/.lcl ami Mr. Douglas, who, he would say, had not his superior as a polit ician either in the House or out of it. He maintained, with regard to the third can didate, Mr. Pursier, that no uiau had ever shown him- self a greater bungler. AVhcn he bad been taken into Sir John Robertson's Government as Colonial Treasurer, the Stamp Act had been only for a short time enacted, giving a grand opportunity for a display of statesmanship 5 but lie introduced the Act wrong bide up. He was most ignominionsly kicked out for East Sydney, and that was not. the only place lie had been kicked out of. (Laughter.) Mr. Tiiomah Coopkk having seconded Ihu motion, Mr. \\\rl 1.1.1 a m "Wilson proposed Mr. William Forslcr as a til and proper person to represent them in Parliament. (Laughter). He was not urged by any sect or parly to do this, 1101 was he doing it in opposition Lo any person, but purely on principle ; for he Lhought an electorate like Paddington ought lo have an eloquent and educated man lo represent it. rjucu a man no oencveu utcy wuimi nun 111 <hi. Poi-Hler, who was an able man, notwithstanding what had been said to the contrary. He would not detain them long, but would just read them a IcLtor — ("No, no") — which he had received from the editor of the evening news, He then read two letters, and con cluded by saying that he withdrew his nomination. He retired amidst great laughter. Mr. \Yii.mam ij L'/.i.kt, who was loudly cheered on coming to the front, said lie was unking them to elect him to take the place of their esteemed friend, Mr. Sutherland, and he could assure them, if they elected him, they would have no cause for regret. He had been engaged in that electorate for the past 20 years, and hud taken an active part in the . political questions of the day from a .liberal standpoint, working side by side with a number of those he saw around him ; and he did not think, although Mr. Guest did not. seem to know him, that there was a man present who could say he had ever iiccn a weathercock. (Hear, hear.) He had always been ready to keep pane with the times, and thought they couhl look hack at their past career with pride and pleasure. They should send tlie best man to Parlia ment, for thej were indebted to good, sound legisla tion for tlie privileges they were enjoying that day. (Hear, bear.) Jf be was returned, the lirst thing be would devote bis attention to would be, the Electoral Bill. In LsoU the electorate of Paddington bad 17.17 voteis on the roll, while in 1878 — a period of 20 years — the number was 5.178. They were thus unrepresented Jto a grievous extent. (Hear, hear.) H he was returned he would endeavour to get at least another member, in addition to the one already promised them : for it was the largest, most intellec tual, aud most contributory electorate 111 New South Wales. (Hear, hear.) The disposal of the sewage' of the city of Sydney was a question that every man was identified with. In four years' time tliey would 1 have a plentiful supply of good, pure water. Well, that would be a great luxury, but it would be de prived of half its usefulness if they had not a good 'system of pcwerage. With these two great acquisitions, however, he believed Sydney would lake its position as one of the foremost cities of tho world in time. (Hear, hear.) He wonld agitate all that lay In Ms power to have a thorough rewerago fchome with as little delay as possible, fo that it might he completed about, the same time as tlie waterworks, and the two together would make this one of the healthiest cities iii the world, while the present system of ineffectual drainage was fostering disease and death, lie was also in favour of tram ways being laid down by tho Government all round the' suburbs, for this would he a convenience that should be delayed no longer. They had a line that wan paying at the rate of 40 per cent, on tlie cost of construction, and that should be enough to warrant tlie laying down of more lines round the suburbs. 27.000 persona had been couvcyed hi on® day by that line, and as people could not go to and from the city without loss of tiiuo at present, tho land in the suburbB was not at its fair value. „He was further, in favour of railways being brought into tbo city, and a« lie wan not tlio owner of a foot of land, lie did not care what the rente knight he «o long the work wan done. He fohnd that there were eleven mUHonfj-of asHcU itt. their railway projierty at prc»cnt,and thcGovcmbiOnthadcanHented to give ix or Heyen mUlionn more to carry them on into the interior find elsewhere; and if he was elected, ho would vote for the money lieing expended in this direction. He would vote for rail ways being carried into the furthest part of our terri tory. lie would force the railway on, and give employment to those who were unemployed in Syd ney. lie would favour a network of railways all over the country — north, south, cast, and west,— so that we could get the colony covcreo with them. At the «md of this yeor we should be joined with Victoria by railway, and yet all could remember that 20 years ago it took an many weeks to get to Wagga as it now took days. Commerce in Sydney was extending, and it woulu extend in every quarter where there were rai(wnys. The immigration that he would support —he would not support that which we now had, as it had been the curse and disgrace of the country— would he tliat of the yeomanry, who would settle on the waste lands of Hie colony, and become producers. There was another vexed question — that of the Circular Quay. We had now the uuest vessels, he believed, afloat visiting our harbour, which was the finest in the world, aud he thought we "Ought to make as good provision for those vessels when they tvune to our |>ort as they had in the old TXMmlriea. There were £80,00(1 voted for the recon struction of Hie Circular Quay, and it was Jyiti" thero yet iiuieconstriicted He could not tell the vt'Ason of this, hut if they returned him he would use his every effort to have the work done as noon as possible. As lo tho Education question, lie thought he hardly need stale his views, seeing that no many of them knew him lo be an old Leaguer. They worked at that for a number of ycais, and met every kind of opposition that could be devised, and he was now prepared to support the present RiJI in its oulirety. (Hear, hear.) Jf he was sent into the JLioiifio he would not ho a talker. He had always thought that the leader aud hi next in commnnd stating a question fairly before the Assembly, and the leader of the Opposition and his second in com mand replying, should he enough to make up the mind of any reasonable man how to vote. If there was. anything he objected to, he would raise his honest protest against it, but ho would never turn wtone-wull legislator just because he could not have his own way. (Hear, hear.) In conclusion-, he Wohld go in for the good of the country, ahd for the great est good, to the greatest number. (Cheers.) Mr. J, D. DuiwjiAK then addressed the meeting. When lie began this campaign he could assure them it was with no object of ambition, hut simply to contest principles, and because he believed the electorate would never be properly represented until they had a man holding the opinions which be held. (Hear, bear.) He knew as well as anybody what a kind and genial man their late representative, Mr. Sutherland, was, but in politics he considered him nothing lo himself. (Loud and prolonged laughter.) That electorate owed the Hon. John Sutherland nothing, hut the Hon. John Sutherland owed the electorate a great deal. He was aware that the gentleman he (Mr. Douglas) was opposing was nothing hut the Hon. John Sutherland's shadow Mr. Hc/.lcl was going into Parliament if possible to . keen the Hon. John Sutherland's scat warm. ("No no.1') He knew all about il. It showed what the intention was when he brought a gentleman to represent him such as Mr. He/Jet, who had never been on the iiolitical horizon that he could remem ber. Now. all the country must have heard of his (Mr. Douglas') interfering with politics and getting nl together more kicks than ha'pence. He had done his work honestly, and to his own satisfaction. (Laughter and derisive cheers.) He looked upon Mr. Hezlct as nothing but the ghost of Mr. John Sutherland. (Laughter.) He was doing nothing hut fighting n couple of spirits ; one had been laid that morning, nnd we have nothing more lo do with it Hut Mr. He/.lct was nothing but another shadow— the shadow of M r. John Sutherland. ('A voice : " I am com ing up thero lo lay you down too/'J He considered him self as good as the man Mr. Sutherland brought for ward, and such n man as Mr, Hezlct. Ho asserted that the Hon. John Sutherland had terribly neglected the interests of the electorate, and as sure as Mr HezluL went into tho House it would he only to keep the seat warm for him. (Great confusion, nnd cries of " JI.oo, lioo.") If yon gentlemen who "hoo.hoo" will wait a little longer, you will find n great deal of ' hoo- hooing " against yourselves. If you stick to 1' roe-trade when will you ho able to make this great and glorious country any greater or "gloriousor" than it is/ (GroanB and cheers.) WithoubProteclion they would never have their native industries eucouraged There were men who would do anything for thorn, who would give them railways to the moon anc all sorts of places. JIc would talk common sense, and if there was a mail present out of employment, he could tell the cause of it — (here were being racked with free traders. "With regard to what Mr. He/Jet had said about bringing the yeomen of England into the country, he would ask what did the yeomanry want to leave glorious old England for 't They were too proud of their homes, and when they came here it would be Lo do as lie (Mr. Douglas) hud done to better themselves. The present immigration he be- Jievcd to be a conspiracy with capital to bring down the prices of labour, and to put their noses to the grindstone. (Laughter.) nil eh men would not hesitate at the introduction of Chinese to at tain # their end. It was for the statesmen to go in, and to see justice done. Ho had been for soino years a thorough advocate of free secular education. He would have struck " com pulsory " out, for it was impossible. There must be no sectarianism— it must be entirely secular ; but I hey could not get rid of the compul sory clause, for, logically, the Government would ho compelled to make children attend the schools when they were free ami secular. But we had not got free and secular education, and the man who believed the present Bill would confer it must bo easily deluded. Willi regard to the sewage question, lie believed lo take the drainage to the ecu was sheer folly, as the tide and wind would briug it back again. \\\ hat ought to be done was to carry it out into the country. He would go in for railways but would not aflirm that they would he granted. He would keep tho people without railways until they made locomotives for themselves. Mr. Douglas having spoken at great length, nnd having been frcqucntlv called to time, concluded his remarks amidst cheers, groans, and laughter. Upon a show of hands being called for, a clear majority was evident in favour of Mr. He/.lct, but Mr. Douglas demanded a poll, which will lake place to morrow. A vote of thanks to the returning ofliccr having been accorded, the meeting gave three cheers for the Queen, and dispersed, 