MINING MEETINGS. GLADSTONE G.M. CO. (From our own Correspoondent.) The first general meeting of the Gladstone Gold Mining Company Registered was held at the office of the Company, at Beaconsfield, on Friday evening, Dec. 17. There was a good number of shareholders present, and 6563 shares were represented. Mr harry White (chairman of directors) occupied the chair, and opened the proceedings by some appropriate remarks, and by reading the notice convening the meeting. Mr T. G. Williams, acting manager, then read the balance-sheet, which showed-Rteceipts, No. 1 call, £125, being 3d per share on 10,000 shares ; expenditure, £77 4s 11i ; leaving a cash balance in the Bank of Tasmania of £47 15s 14. The assets of the Company showed-Oash in bank, £47 15s 1d ; uncalled capital, £7375. Liabilities-Sundry creditors, £11 3s; leaving a balance of assets over liabilities of £7411 12s 1d. Mr Williams then read the directors' report for the half-year ending November 30, which stated that the directors had much pleasure in meeting the shareholders at this the first general meet ing of the Company, and would say that during the past six months they had expended a few pounds on trenching portions of the surface of the claim, but ultimately decided that it was desirable to commence permanent work, and re solved upon putting a tunnel into the bill from the eastern side, with a view to cutting the line of the Victoria reef. Tenders were called for, and one at 15s per foot was accepted for driving 200ft of tunnelling, and the contract was com menced on November 1. Since then the work has progressed satisfactorily, and up to the 30th of November about 95ft had been driven. During the half-year Messrs F. J. Pike and Thomas G. Williams had retired from the directory, and the vacancies had been filled by the appointment of Messrs David Ryan and John Murray, which appointments the meeting would be asked to confirm. The Chairman, after some complimentary re marks as to the satisfactory position of the Company, moved the adoption of the re ports and balance-sheet. This was seconded by Mr F. G. Hicks in a speech highly complimentary to the manage. ment, and the motion was unanimously carried. The election of four directors, in place of those retiring, was then proceeded with, there being two fresh nominations, viz., Messrs Hicks and M. Williams, which made the number of candi dates up to six. Messrs J. E. Nichols. and John Diprose were appointed scrutineers , and the election pro ceeded with the following results :-Diprose, 5913; Hicks, 5913; White, 5550; O'Kehffe, 4863; Williams, 1413; Webb, 0. The first four were then declared duly elected. On the meeting being asked to confirm the appointment of David Ryan as a director, Mr Hicks moved, and Mur T. G. Williams seconded " That the appointment be not confirmed." In speaking to the motion, Mr Hicks said that he had been informed that Mr Ryan had never attended a meeting of the Board since his appointment, and was not likely to do, as lie was not livingin the district, but many miles away. Mr T. G. Williams fully corroborated the statement of Mr Hicks. The motion on being put was carried unani mously. Mr T. G. Williams moved, and Mr Murray seconded, " That Mr Morgan Williams be appointed a director in place of Mr Ryan." Mr O'Keeffe moved as an amendment, and Mr Diprose seconded, "That Mr John Nichols be appointed as a director in place of Mr Ryan. On being put to the meeting the amendment was carried. The appointment of Mr John Murray as a director was unanimously confirmed. The Chairman then informed the meeting that the next business on the notice paper was the appointment of ea manager for the company Mr Murray moved, "That Mfr Thomas G, Williams be the manager of the Company." Mr F. G. Hicks seconded, and spoke in laudatory terms of the manner in which the affairs of the Company had been conducted up to the present time. On the motion being put it was carried unani. moualy. On the appointment of auditors being brought forward, several shareholders spoke of the inconvenience of having the auditors in Launceston, which necessitated the manager making two trips to Launceston in the year with the Company's booke. After some further discussion Mr Murray moved, and MIr Diprose seconded that Messra Charles Baird and J. E. Nichols be appointed as auditors to the Company. On the motion being put, it was carried with only a few disientients. " IMessrs Baird and Nichols were accordingly appointed. The manager then read the mining manager's report of the works' from the time he took charge uptotho 17thNovember, whichwaoasfol. lowa :-"Since I took charge ofjyour mine there has been a contract let for driving 200 feat of tunnelling. There are 188 feet of the driving completed. We have cut several quartz leaders some of themt gold- bearing, and some heavily charged with pyrites. In one part of the drive we passed through about 2 feet think of what appeared to be a crushed reef, from which we obtained gold in the rubble. The ground has been very good, and the men have made good progress with the contract. The country has been printcipally soft sandstone and slats until the last few feet, which have been a little harder, composed of bars of hard sandstone, inter. seated by quartz leaders. Yesterday (Thursday) we caine to a body of quartz and cabbage-tree atone, about 2 feet 6 inches thick, underlying north easterly. The country we are going through looks very well, and we may come upon a reef within a few feet, but in order to cut the line of reef that is in the Victoria claim, we will require to extend the drive for another 100 feet according to the bearing of it in the Victoria. The tunnel has been put in from a low level and will command a good height of backs, andi think, considering the nature of the ground that we have gone through and what we are in at present, and also the good prospects that have been obtained from the Victoria Company's claim, and from the fact that the -bearing of that reef is going through your claim, that the prospects of your mine are very promising." Mr F. G. Hicks proposed, and Mr Murray seconded, that a vote of thanks be accorded to I the Cehirman, rotiring directors, and the utoing manager for their exertions during the past six months. Carried amid applause. The vote of thanks having been suitably responded to, the proceedings were brought to a close. After the general meeting the directors sat, and resolved upon extending the tunnel a further distance of 100 feet immediately on the completion of the present contract. Dec. 19. VaIC REGAL. - His Excellency the Administrator of the Government accom. panied by Lady Lefroy and Miss Lefroy, and attended by Captain Hussey, Private Secretary, was present at the annual distribution of prizes at the High School, Hobart Town, yesterday afternoon. MNIrstaEIAL.-The Hon. C. O'Reilly, Minister of Lands, arrived in Launceston by express train from Hobart Town on Monday, and will attend at the Public Buildings at ton o'clock this morning. The Minister has come to Launceston on business connected with the various Go vernment departments. \- WEST HOBART ELECTION.-A writ has t been issued for the election of a member of the House of Assembly to represent 'West Hobart, vice the late .elr J. D. Balfe. Nominations will be received up till four o'clock on the 31st inst., and the poll will be taken on the 5th proximo. a Messrs. W. H. Burgess and James Gray are fairly in the field, and their friends a are making an active canvass for them, ° but up to the present time neither of the gentlemen named has given any public exposition of his political opinions. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN.-The cricket match between the celebrated Australian Eleven and eighteen players representing Tasmania, will commence on the L.C.O. Ground at nbon to-day. The following are the names of the competing teams : AnAustralians: A. Bannerman, A. H. Jarvis, W. L. Murdoch, J. Slight, J. flackham, J. G. Bonnor, F. R. Spofforth, T. Groube, c EH. F. Boyle, W. Moule, G. Pahmner. Tasmanians :-G. Arthur, J. M. Martin, H. Watson, W. Sidebottom, J. S. Clemons, L. Sims, C. Rock, T. Archer, e O. G. Douglas, -Win. Martin (nor thern players), 0. W. Butler, E. H. Butler, J. G. Davies, E. J. Freeman, F. Bennett, T. Kendall, J. Swan,. and G. t Milner (southern players). The public will be able to obtain luncheon on the ground. As all the arrangements have been rendered as complete as possible, we expect to see a very large attendance _ muster.to witness what will probably be the grandest cricket ever displayed in Launceston. The Australians and the Southern members 'of the Tasmanian team arrived by special train half-an-hour after a midnight. t To-NIGHT's CONCERT. -We need hardly n remind our readers that the concert in d aid of the fund for providing Christmas n comforts for the poor and distressed' of Launceston, will take place at the Me d chnanica' Instituite this evening, when the Australian Cricketers will be present. in Tine prograname appears an anothner ** column, aind' is soda a very attractive one in thnat we leave no hnositation in predictinag i. that thneentertainmontwill beathoronghnly aenjoyable one. i. MUSICAL UNmoN.-According to time Ihonoured practice Handel's favourite ,. oratorio '" Meseiaha," wiill be produced d on Christmas evening by thae Musical g Union. The performance wvill take place b- at the Mechanics' Institunte, and as this gconcert will be tine last public one given Sby tine Union, there will no doubt be a sgenod attendance of tine general public. -Mr Wallace wiill as usual wield the batona, 0 and Miss A. M. Hart will preside at the e organ. Tine various solos have been allotted to wvell-known favourite ama .tesors, and tine choruses will be sung by k tine fuall strengthn of tine S3ociety. Tine final rohearsal last nighat was'- a very -successful one. dAcoannATssATnozg.-Mr Ceeleb Whnite. foord, the Resident' Magistrate at KiaioNew Zealand, who has been paying a visit to Tannmania, is very anxious to obtain some few head of deer from this colonny for the puarpose of acelima tising them in the Province of Canterbury, and a letter from him supoin tine sanbjact aappears in another column. Several -Tisnmanian gentlemen, now resident ins New Zealand, hove for some tinme past taken a very great interest in tine metro duactiona of Australian anniunals and birds into Muorn 'land, and a few years ago Messrs. Whaitefoord and F. C. Tabart wore the meoans of introducing the Californian quail to the Totara Plains, on tine W~est Coast of the Middle Island. Mr G. T. Collins has undertaken to receive anad forward to Neav Zealand any deer that may be sent to him, and there can be little doanbt that they would thrive well on the vast plains of (Canterbury. W~e uanderstand that' New Zealand colonists uvould readily reciprocate and procure for Tasmania any birds or aninaals thnat would ho likely to be attractive exhibits in our Public Gardens. TinE LEVEN MAerGSTRAov.-We are in debted to thne courtesy of the lion, the Attorney-General for a telegranm inform ing us that Mr Patrick Churchor Max well, has been appointed Resident Stipen diary Magistrate at Ulverstone, River Leven ; and that a Court of Requesms has been established at tine some place, Mr Maxwell being appointed Commissioner nind Registrar, and Mr Wmn. Henry Paice, tine bailiff. -LAUINcEsTON HOSPITAL.-Tlne Chair mana of the Board of Management invites application, up to the 1st February, 1881, for the office of inatroin to this institution. :.:TAxAR: RowrNG CLBe:.-A four-oared race in connection with the above Club C took, place last evening. The following a; were the crews :-Grace Darling-W. Hill (stroke), E. H. Panton, L. Bain, J. ft Gould; A. Bain, coxswain. Nancy Lee b -A. Archer (stroke), C. R. Bain, J. M. L B. Casey, G. Gooch, jun.; J. Edwards, .I coxswain. The course was from a boat d moored off the Russian Wharf round a ih buoy near the sluice between the Cattle le JettyandtheTea- Tree, and back to starting a, place. Both boats got awry well to- it gether, but the Grace Darling soon wont to to the front, and at one time held a lead h of nearly a length. The other crew, tl however, overhauled them at the second e, buoy, and though they made a bad h' turn, the Grace Darling crow. drew R away again after rounding, and even- o0 tually won by about eight lengths, in b 22mm. The weight of the winners told U in the latter part of the race, though the crew was not such an oven one as the other ; but if the stroke of the Nancy Lee had practised the same as the other members of his crew, the finish would un doubtedly have been closer. p MISCELLANeEA-The programme of the c Beaconsfield Boxing Day sports is pub- d lished.-Mr Thrower announces that ice tc will be on hand at his hotel to-day.-Mr p Burnoll announces that his 'bus will not run to Corra Linn on Sundays as adver- A tised, owing to unforeseen reasons.- S Messrs Q. Kingston and J. Joyce call G attention to the excellent arrangements S they have made for providing the ortho- A dox roast beef of the season, as well as T bacon and hams. Both establishments Ic have certainly a capital stock for & Christmas. ti BANK OF TASMANIA. - The twenty- bý seventh annual meeting of the share holders will be held at noon on the 13th P1 prox., for the purpose of receiving a statement of the affairs of the Bank and a' declaring a dividend. A special meeting of the shareholders will be held the same P day, forjthe purpose of appointing a t director in the room of Adye Douglas, Esq., who is eligible and offers himself for re-election. ZOOLOGICAL COLLECTION FOR THIT PARK. G -A correspondent writing from Campbell 0 Town expresses.his gratification at the decision of the Launceston Council to tl place specimens of Tasmanian birds and t animals in the People's Park. He promises E to make several presentations himself at when the cages for their reception are complete, including one very large eagle t> (two years of age, and quite tame), a tl silver-grey eagle, and an owl. There can be no doubt that the example thus set will cc be followed, and that we shall have a very creditable representative collection of i native animals and birds to exhibit to al visitors from the neighbouring colonies. oe A great deal has been said about the cost i and trouble of feeding the flesh-eating s animals, but our correspondent mentions o that this should involve but little i' outlay, as the refuse from the Slaughter- tc house is adapted for the purpose, and p could be placed in the cages at an early hour every morning. It is not a little curious that only on Sunday last some strangers who were strolling through the tl Park enquired if there were any native or w other animals kept in confinement. As soon as it is known that the creatures will be received and provided for, we believe a there will be no difficulty in obtaining , specimens, as all our country residents b are very thoughtful and generous in such w matters. Native tigers, native cats, kangaroo, wallaby, opossums, bandicoot, kangaroo-rate, wombats, black swans, white and~black cockatoos, the numerous T species of parrot and paroquet, the night i jays, etc., would be very acceptable. White magpies might be encouraged to breed in the grounds; nor do we see any reason why emus, white swans, and pea- A cocks, if presented to the Park, should A not find a home there. The master of the cutter William, which arrived here yesterday from Piper's River, brought five e living specimens of seal, captured during ,, the stay of the cutter there. No doubt s, the Public Reserves Committee of the Town Council would gladly avail them selves of a couple of these animals to form o part of the proposed collection in the t People's Park, where they would prove I a source of great attraction. r *OATLrANas TowN HALL.-This building we understand is nearly completed. It will prove a great advantage to the town, j, although the architect (Mr W. H. Lord) i was obliged to modify its proportions and t dispense with much of its architectural beauty, in order to bring the cost within the means at the disposal of the Munici pality. The frontage is 63 x 33 feet, with a main entrance of 12 feet on the ground r floor. There is one room suitable for meetings,122ft. 6in. x 30ft. The staircase is five feet wide, allowing a top landing of 12ft. x 12ft. Thee entrance to thehaallis by a 6 feet opening and the inside of the hall is 60ft. x30 feet,lwith aphatform of l2feet, It is contemplated at some future time to add hall-keepers' rooms to the build ing. "THE HoDART Town (A5oCT".-The "~ghost"~ has not ceased to practice his despicable and dangerous work of terrify. ing women and children. About a week ago (the Mercury says) he selected thee vicinity of the Slaughter Yards for his haunt, and there frightened a young girl as she was returning home at night. At about 10 o'clock last Sunday night the ghost was seen near the corner of Elphin-1 stone and Adelaide streets. A girl of about 18, who is in the employ of Mrs. Fiolayson, of Adelaide-street, while proceeding from Elboden-place in the direction of the house of her mistress, saw a white figure, which she at first thought was another girl, but was soon undeceived in this respect. There was also a man leaning against a fence, and the girl asked him two or three times what it was that looked so white, but he made no reply. The man had a long brown beard, and wore a white straw hat. The figure continued to approach the girl, when she screamed,. alarming the neigh bours, who came out of their houses. The girl was so weak from fear, that she fell into the arms of one of the residents, Miss Sutcliff. The ghost was alleged by some to have gone into one of the corner houses, whilp others were of opinion that he proceeded down Macquarie-street. Ma G. E. STAcy, Prefessor of the Skin and its aopsndsgss "The Hsir and Nal, is new 00aiit to Launeeston en his way tosettle in Hobart Town and is sejournirng at Fraser's Volunteer H~o el, where he may be consulted en all marks and growths of tiesceticlc,ceosplexioue, loss of hair, cendylomata, cores, Fkbunieon, ingrowing nails, etc., and many of the diseases that are looked open as incurable. Mir Stacy never gives pain in his op oratiens, and guarantees to cure the worst case of corns in a few minutes. He is acknowledged to he the first in the world that has been able to do this. Further particulars see handbills. Charges moderate. Eramphe-corns, where there is more than eec, 2s Gd each (or oee So); bunions sad neils, Is; less of hair an all marks of the cuticle, etc., half a guinea. Patients from charitable coem naittees free. Mr Stecy will attend any one upon communication. M'ConxsAcE's REAWISG 450 lhI5DING MA. cRIcNEs.-Inteuding purchasers are respeotfelly invited to sen'l in their orders without delay, as a very limited~number of these celebrated har vesters are available. W~ire end duplicate parts always en hand. Jonec 0. FEaGusoec, Brisbane. treat, sole agent.-[AnyT.J (131 To FAnhMEas.-Dcsrlnge Twine Binding andl Reaping Machines.-If earl plplication be made, the undersigned could scours two of these superior machines, all that are available for Tasmania this season. JoHN C. FERGUSOec, frhsbane-sbresb, Sale Agent.-[AevT.]J TuE;'P. AND 0. STeAM NAVIGATION CosrPANY.-This Company's time table appears in our advertising columns. A WELL DEsEavED aRI:OOGNITION.-A few days ago we mentioned that the bravery displayed in March last by Master Lewis Edward Bain in roacuing Mr F. .J. Leonard from drowning, had boon duly appreciated by the father of the man he saved. Mr Leonard has forwarded a letter of thanks and tostimonial, and in accordance with a generally oxpressed wish it has been decided that it shall be handed to him in public. His WVorship the Mayor has consented to make the presentation at the Town Hall at 8 o'clock on Friday evening, and it has been suggested that Mr Bain's fellow members of the Tamar Rowing Club should be present upon the occasion. We hope to see Mr l3ain's brave action also recognised by the Royal Humane Society. 