[?] On 7th instant his Excellency the Governor, accom panied by Lady Augustus Loftue, Lieutenant Loftus, A.D.C., and Mr. E. Garbett, paid a visit to the Asylum for Destitute Children, at Randwick. We understand1 that Wr. Edward Johnson has been appointed Chief Inspector of Public Schools. Mr. Johnson is well known as having been for many years an inspector of schools under the Council of Education, WniK sinkine the foundation of the new 'post and telegraph office at Port Mactniarie (says the Manning Times) Mr. Smith found a Spanish coin known as the Pillar Rix Dollar, bearing the date of 1770. It was about nine inches under the surface. 0-' Monday, at a meeting of the Committee of the Melbourne International Exhibition appointed . to receive applications for the office of collecting, tran* niittingr, and arranging the New South Wales ex hibits, the names of two gentlemen were selected as those of the most eligible of the candidates, and it was resolved that they be submitted for the considera tion and determination of the Commission, which is to meet on Monday next. On 7th instant a crowded public meeting was held in the Ten^erance Hall, to protest against certain clauses in the Licensing Bill, which were considered to have the effect of restricting liberty of speech on the public platform. The Hon. J. B. Wilson presided. Resolutions in support of the object were unanimously passed, and a committee was appointed to draw, up a petition and take the necessary steps to oppose the objectionable clauses of the bill. A little time back (writes the DayUsford Mercury of the 4th instant) we reported that two miners named Vincome and Brenton, working at Tandoifc, unearthed a nugget weighing 300 oz., together with 60nie smaller ones, which brought them the nice little haul of £1860. Fortune has again smiled on the party, for last week they were successful in finding another sample of the precious metal which weighed about 50 oz. and realized nearly £200. Mb. H. C, Russell, the Government Astronomer for TCciw Pimi^Vi 'WnlcE Vina TVPAnnTwJ a Ytnninlifof Rnnt.-iininn- tables showing the result of rain measures and the monthly heights of the rivers above mean summer level in this colony during the year 1879, further illustrat ing the subject by a map showing the relative amounts of rain and the positions of the stations, and a diagram showing the daily Btate of the rivers from March, when the observations were commenced, to the ead of the year. The compilation is one which must have involved a vast amount of labour, and the information it contains ?will be found both interesting and valuable, especially to residents in the interior parts of the colony. in the case of Shepherd v. Dibbs, which has been before the Courts in so many forms, a, for the present at least, final step was taken on Saturday, when the defendant was arrested on a writ of ca. &a.; The amount claimed as verdict and costs was about £3600. Mr. Diubs was taken by the sheriff's officer to Darling huret, ?where he will have to remain in the debtors' prison for 12 months, under the Imprisonment on Civil Process Amendment Act (37 Tic, No. 11, s. 4), unless tho amount claimed be sooner paid. Under the Defamation Act he would have been liable to be im prisoned for an indefinite time ; tinder the amending Act 12 months has been fixed as the limit. At a special general meeting of the subscribers to the Glebe Hospital for Sick Children, held on Monday, Sir George Wigvani Allen occupied the chair; and Lady Allen, Mrs, BailJie, Mrs. Thompson, Mrs J. R, Fairfax, Mrs. Garran, Mrs. Rodgers, Mrs. Williams, Miss Maclrie, Mrs. Saul Samuel, Mrs. Dangar, tho Hon. Saul Samuel, Dr. Bedford, and the Hon. S. D. Gordon, were present. The sub-committee laid before the meeting the rules for the management of the hospital, and these, on the motion of Mrs. A. Thompson, seconded by Mrs. Baillie, were unanimously adopted. The hon. treasurer then drew attention to the necessity for unre mitting exertions in respect to the increasing of the funds of the institution, and the meeting terminated. Is the case of ' Rollinson v. J. Newland,' for the price of a quantity of stone quarried for the defendant under a contract, tried before his Honor Sir WUliani Manning and a jury of four, in the Banco Court, a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £103 9s. In ' Heesh v. the Bank of N. S. W.' for damages for the dishonour of the plaintiff's cheques, tried before his Honor Mr. Justice 'Windeyer and a jury in the Jury Court, a verdict was given for the plaintiff, with damages £300. And in ' Raleigh v. the Muaicip:tl Council of Sydney,' for damages for injuries caused to the plaintiff through the falling of the roof of a booth negligently erected by the defendants, also tried before Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury of four, a verdict was given for plaintiff, damages £200. The Press of the southern portion of the colony (6ay6 the Herald's Brisbane correspondent) shows singular unanimity in its call upon the Govern ment to pause in their railway operations, and to countermand their recent advertisements asking for tenders for the extension of the main trunk line of the Southern and Western system from Eoma to Mitchell, and from Retreat -westward, until Parliament shall have expressed an opinion upon the subject. Brisbane, Ipswich, Toowoomba, Warwick, Roma, and Dalby join hands. They do not object to the tires lines being carried bo far towards the setting sun as Roma for the southern system, Retreat for the central, and Charters i Towers for the northern, but there, they argue, the j termini ehould be established for the present. The ' Hockbampton people, however, have a game of their own to play, and they are equally ueterniined in insist ing that the lines should be pushel on. It would never do, so they reason, to treat one line differently from another, and if all were stopped, as above described, their line would not reach the grand western country, whoee trade they would inevitably first secure if rail way traffic existed. It is represented that as only two thirds of the three- million loan have been raised by llr. 31'Ilwraiih, the pushing-on process might cease until the Stock Kxchange is again bidden to the rescue. The Government have not been in the habit of acknowledging the influence of the Press to a marked degree, and if they do so now, it will be through the unusual unanimity of its expression. Be that as it mav, the schedule of business before Parliament during the' 'forthcoming session will certainly include the fighting over again of the main trunk battles. Ok Wednesday a complimentary picnic was given to his Worship the Mayor (Mr. R. Fowler), Mr. P. A. Jennings, C.M.G., Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., and Mr. J. T. Toohey, the honorary treasurers and secretaries of the Irish Distress Relief Fund, in recognition of their services in connection with that fund. The Bcene of the picnic was Clontarf, whither the party was conveyed in the steamer Wallaby, which made two trips at 11 and 1 o'clock. There were about GO gentlemen present, including, besides the gue6ts of the day, Messrs. C. J. Roberts (ex- Mayor), J. Hourigan J.P. : D. M'Beath, J.P. ; T, J. Chapman, J.P. ; E. E. Waters, T. Dalton, J.P. ; William Hughes, J.P. ; Drs. Clune, Power, M'Donanh, Alderman Hordera, Mr. J. P. Garvan, Mr. T. Slattery, and other influential gentlemen. We learn from the Melbourne Daily Telegraph that the Australian Frozen Meat Export Company (limited) will soon have completed its incorporation, the share holders having decided, at a meeting held at Scott's hotel on May G, to register it under the Limited Com panies Statute, 1804. The capital is £100,000, of which £50,000 has already boen subscribed. Sir James M-'Culloch, tho chairman o£ the meeting, announced that overtures had been received from Sydney concern ing the establishment of tho company's head- quarters there, but a reply had been sent, stating that there was no reason why a company in each colony should not work together on the best of terms, but it would be impossible for the Victorian company to transEor its head- quarter6 to Sydney. If, however, both companies amalgamated, works could be established in Sydney and Melbourne. A meeting of the subscribers to tho Irish Distress Relief Fund was held on Tuesday, at the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of receiving a statement of accounts from tho committee. Mr. P. A. Jennings, C.M.G., presided, and there were about a dozen gentlemen present. From what the chairman stated, the total amount received by the committee up to the present time iB £28,412, of which £27,000 has been trans mitted to the Mansion House Fund, Dublin, leaving about £950 in hand. This amount, however, will be increased to over £1000 in a few days. The grand total will then be over £29,000, and this colony will, therefore, be the largest contributor, in proportion to her population, of any of the Australian, colonies. The working expenses were £458 13s. 9d., £360 of which was for advertising, clerical assistance and stationery absorbing the remainder. A large and influential meeting of the members of the Church of England was held on Cth instant, to con-, eider the be6t mode of relieving the great financial difficulties under which the work of the Church Society for the Diocese of Sydney is at present being carried on. The Bishop of Sydney presided, and in Ms opening remarks informed the meeting that while the income of the society, so far from decreasing, is slowly increasing year by year, the work to be sustained by that income has rapidly developed, and applications for aid increased out of proportion to the enlarged income. The meeting waB addressed by the Dean of Sydney, Canon JIulton S. King, Canon Moreton, Rev. Dr. Barry, Rev. J. D. Langley, Canon Stephen, Rot. E. G. Hodgson, Mr. William RubscII, and Mr. Edward Enox. Resolutions were unanimously carried recommending the appoint ment of an organizing clerical secretary, to canvass fov the Loan Fund, and visit tho various parishes in tho interest of the Church Society, and the raising of a. special fund to moot the present emergency by contri butions, extending over a period of four years. We reprint, in another column, the principal of the regulations framed under the Public Instruction Act of 1880. The salaries of male teachers in charge of schools other than Provisional (if married and assisted by their wiyes) are fixed at from £108 to £201 per annum, according to classification. The salaries of unmarried male teachers, married teachers (not assisted by their wives), and female teachers in charge of schools are to be £12 per finnuiu less than the foregoing rates. In any Public school, when no residence is provided, an allowance for rent will be made to the teacher in charge. These rates will be liable to reduc tion in cases ?where average attendance falls bolow 30, and the teacher is unable to satisfy the Minister that this has arisen from causes beyond his control. The payment of teachers in Provisional schools will be regulated by the average attendance, and will range from £7 to £4 per month — that is to gay, where the attendance reaches 21, but uuder 25, the payment will be £7 ; 'where it is between 12 and 15, the payment ?will be £4 per month. The Minister for Works, in the Assembly on Tuesday; evening, in answer to Mr. Burns, gave some informa tion relative to_the surveys for a railway between the Groat Northern Railway and Sydney. He stated that the following surveys had been completed, with devia tions on each route, for the line between the Great JTorthern Railway and Sydney: — (a.) From Parra matta to a point on the Hawkesbuiy River, a few miles below Wiseman's Feny, thence to St. Aibans and WoIIombi, to a junction with the Northern line at Allandalc. (6.) From Mulgrave to a crossing on Hawkesbury River, immediately below the confluence of the Colo River, thence by the general direction of the Bridge Road to Singleton, (c.) From Parramatta to a point on the Lower Hawkesbuvy, neat Peat's Ferry, thence via Brisbane Water to Lake Macquarieto a junction with the Northern Railway. This survey was stUl in progress. The route for., the Northern con necting line cannot be selected until the last-mentioned survey ha6 been completed. In the case of Leslie v. Hagen, for the prica of 40 kegs of beef shipped by the plaintiff to the defendant at Noumea, tried before his Honor Sir William Man ning and a jury in the Banco Court, a verdict was given for the amount claimed, £52. In the Jury Court, his Honor Mrs. Justice Windeyer and a jury ?were engaged all day in hearing the trial of the case Heesh v. the Bank of STew South Wales, for damages for the dishonour of cheques. In Equity, his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave, Primary Judge, dismissed the bill, 'with costs, in Johnstone v. Riley ;(and in Allt and another v. Murray and others, an administration suit, granted a decree, reserving costs. In the Public Chamber, Mr. Justice Windeyer disposed of a number of applications and motions ; and in Carter v. Cox delivered judgment, ruling that in an action for damages for a nuisance where the plaintiff succeeded, he was entitled, on the taxation of costs, to be allowed the costs incurred in obtain ins, «« parte, an injunction to abate the nuisance ; and his Honor also held that fees paid to medical men resident in town called as witnesses, (should be allowed on taxation to the successful party. The Bank of Australasia (says the Argus) some time ago presented to Mr. Hector Munro a valuable ?watch, &c;, in recognition of his courageous conduct in repelling the attack of two armed men on the Moe branch of the bank in November last. It is now stated by tl:e Insurance and Banking Record that ' the sister institutions have, in combination, provided for bestowal upon him a large sterling silver salver. The plate bears this terse and telling inscription: — 'Presented to Hector Munro, Esq., manager of the Bank of Aus1 tralasia, Moe, Yictoria, by the undermentioned institu tutions, in recognition of the courage and high sense of duty displayed by him in the successful resistance of an armed attack on the bank on the night of 5th November, 1879. — Bank of Victoria, London Chartered Bank of Australia, English, [Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank ; Oriental Bank Corporation, Bank of New Zealand, Union Bank of Australia, Colonial Bank of Australasia, National Bank of Australasia, Com mercial Bank of Australia, Bank of New South Wales. Melbourne, April, 1880.' The banks' subscription further provides £200 for the recipient. This recogni tion of duty by the banking institutions will be an encouragement to their officers to do likewise if placed in a similar position of difficulty and danger.' In our last issue we published a ghost paragraph from the Geelong Advertiser. The Hamilton Spectator supplies the following : — It may be stated that Mr. Lissiman did not die at the parsonage, and the arch deacon never wrote that he saw Mr. Lissiman ' stand ing at the study table,' nor anywhere else, after death. 'What the archdeacon really wrote was shown to us, with a request that we would not publish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his rela tives. As some other friend of the family has, how ever, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we have been asked to state that the morning before his death the Ven. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Rev. J. W. Arnold a memo., of which the following is a copy — viz. : ' A few nights after poor Lissiman's death I was in this house alone, and his room rattled so that I ran up to see what it was. I looked in tho dark room and saw nothing ; so I paid, with a laugh to myself, 'It must be old Lissiman. 'What do you want?' Then I had an answer, not audible, but such as possibly a spirit can convey, ' Never mind, you'll follow me soon.' It was singular I never told any one.' Mr. Lissiman died a month before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than 24 hours after writing the singular memo, we have been called upon to publish. On Monday morning William Green was engaged, with a companion, at a depth of 150 feet, in removing slabs from the shaft of the Bed Lead Gold-mining Company, Gulgong. The slabs, as taken out, were lashed to tho main rope and hoisted to the top by means of a windlass on the surface, worked by two men. Two slabs were being hoisted up, and when near the surface slipped from the lashings and went down the shaft. The men on the top sent down the warning cry. Poor Green ?was deaf, and probably never heard the cry. His com panion secured himself, and grasped Green with tho intention of pulling him into the same compartment. He succeeded in getting the upper part of deceased's body into safety, and the legs were left exposed. The result was that the heavy slabs fell directly on them, coming down with terrible force. The injured man was removed to tho Gulgong hospital, when it was found he ? had reeived a compound comminuted fracture of the left thigh, close to the femoral arterj , ?which was pierced by a splinter of bone. The light ankle had been dislocated, and the leg broken below the knee. It was at once decided to amputate the shattered left leg. The operation was successfully performed, but the shock to the system was too great to admit of recovery. The patient, after a short time, relapsed, and gradually sank and died at 5 o'clock a.m. on Tuesday. Ik the Supreme Court on 7th instant, the trial -of the case Aliiney v. the Borough of East St. Leonards, for damages for injuries received by the plaintiff through falling into a hole in one of the borough streets, re sulted in a verdict for the plaintiff, with damages £137 iOe. The issues were tried before his Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury of four. In Hogan v. Moore, an undefended action for breach of agree ment, tried before his Honor Sir William Manning and a jury of four, a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £5(34 Oe, 9d. In the Jury Court his Honor Mr. Justice Foucett concluded the trial of Watson v. Ives, for breach of agreement for the sale of a quantity of sugar. The jury gave the plaintiff a verdict for £5000 ; and in Murphy v. the Commissioner for Railways, also tried in the Jury Court, for damages for injuries received in the Parramatta railway accident, tho jury assessed the damages at £200. In Equity, his Honor Mr. Justice Margrave, Primary Judge, made an order in the Under wood Estate; and iu Sandeman v. Wilson and othere, made the decree as cited, reserving all ques tions of costs. In Lunacy, hi6 Honor Mi1. Justice Hargrave made an order in re Catherine Hume, for the payment of two several sums of money by the Master. Hie Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer eat in the Divorce Court, and made absolute a rule nisi for a dissolution of marriage in Woods v. Woods. A meetikg of persons interested in the establishment of a company for tho purpose of freezing meat for export was held at the Agricultural Society's rooms, George-street, on 7th inBtant. Dr. R. L. Jenkins . presided, and among the others present were tho Uons. G. n. Cox, De Salis, and Flood. Messrs. E. Vickery, S. Webster, L. Parker, Eckford, G. Maiden, J. Gar diner, T. Knox, J. de V. Lamb, T. Rutledge, Richard eon, Page, Barnes, Wilkinson, Griffiths, Moore. W. F. Buchanan, GibBon, &c.; A prospectus was submitted for consideration, and a considerable amount of discus sion took place upon the proposal to extend the com pany's operations to exporting meat. Dr. Jenkins. Mr. Cox, Mr. Flood, and a number of others contended that the Government would never consent to allow the com pany to occupy the land that had been asked for at Glebe Island if it was known that the company in tended to both freeze and export meat, and otherwise enter into competition with other firms or companies. It was eventually decided that the company should be called the ' New South Wales Fresh Food Export Company,' with a capital of £100,000, and that the business of the company should be — ' First, to erect machinery and store houses for freezing or storing meat and produce for export ; second, to act as agents for graziers and others in freezing, storing, and exporting meat and produce.' It was also decided that the directors might, with the authority of the shareholders, be empowered to purchase, prepare, and export meat and produce. Mr. C. R. Bedwell was appointed pro visional secretary. The following gentlemen were appointed Provisional Directors for the Company: — The Hon. L. F. De Salis, Hon. G. H. Cox, Hon. E. Flood, Hon. James Chisholm, Hon. Thomas Holt, Dr. Jenkins, Messrs. R. G. Higgin6, A. S. Webster. J. B. Rundle, E. Vickery, J. De V. Lamb, G. N. Griffiths, A. T. Kerr, John Gardiner, and H. Barnes, with power to add to their number.' The quickest voyage to Australia (says Tuesday's Echo) has just been accomplished by the Orient. When some years ago the Lusitauia made her trip of 40 days and a few hours to Melbourne, we pointed out that by placing 6omewhat more powerful vessels on the line — veesels equal in speed to those that voyage acrosB the Atlantic — the trip to Australia from England, via the Cape of Good Hope, would be made in 35 dayB. The magnificent steamship Orient in her first trip exceeded the time by a couple of day6, including de tentions ; but in the course of the run she met with an unusual share of unfavourable tempestuous weather ; and, moreover, on a first voyage a vessel is seldom pressed to do her best perfoimance, owing to the newness of her machinery requiring special care ; but she gave full proof that under ordinary circumstances she could do the distance in thirty-five days. In her second voyage 6he has accomplished the trip to Adelaide in thirty-four days one and a-lialf hour's steaming time ; or, in cluding detentions at St. Vincent's and the Cape, in thirty-five days thirteen houre ; so that she has fully realized the anticipations formed. In the Orient, Aus tralia has at its service about the largest and quickest ocean-going steamer afloat ; and with sister ships but little inferior ehe has a steam fleet that will compare favourably with those which accommodate the peoples of Europe and America in their inter communication across the Atlantic. Trading fort nightly, their performances averaging from 35 to 42 days — rather under than over 40 days — we have good grounds for looking for greater regularity in speed in the voyages of the Orient line of vessels to Australia than even marks the voyages of steamers over the Atlantic, where winter storms often make a difference of thiee or four days in the voyage. It speaks volumes for the growing importance of the trade of Australia that, in addition to the other fine fleets of steamers, we have one which trades fortnightly, having two vessels at least capable of performing the trip under 40 days ,? and it is particularly satisfactory to know, 8b we do from its late report, that the company which has given us the quickest voyage to Australia is fairly remunerated for its enterprise. The Colonial Secretary, Principal Under-Sccretary, and the principal officers of the Colonial Secretary's Department, took possession on Monday morning of the new offices at the corner of Macquarie and Bridge streets. In future, persons having business with Sir Henry Parkes, or any of the officers of his depart ment, will go to the new offices. Tho work of furnish ing the various rooms is not yet completed, and it ?will be weeks, possibly months, before the ?whole of the records of the department are removed from the old to the new building. The magnificent block of buildings, extending from Mac quarie-street, along Bridge-street to Phillip-street, has been apportioned to the Colonial Secretary and the Secretary for Public Works, the former occupying the rooms near Macquarie and the latter the rooms near Phillip street. In the Colonial Secretary's portion the basement will be devoted to messengers' quarters and storage of old records, of which there is a great stock to be removed from the old buildings. Immediately on passing through the main entrance from Macquarie-street to the ground floor will be found, on the right-hand side, a large and handsomely furnished room, set apart for the Vice president of the Executive Council while on the left hand are the Executive Council offices, and the offices of Mr. Budge, clerk of the Executive Council. On the same floor, and overlooking Bridge-street, is a lofty room, measuring something like 50 feet by 30 feet, which it is intended to use as a deputation room. Most of the other rooms on this floor are occupied by clerks. Ascending to the first floor by the staircase on the right of the entrance, the Colonial Secretary's room is reached. It is pleasantly situated in the corner of the building overlooking both Mac quarie and Bridge streets, and has been most tastefully furnished. A bedroom adjoins for the use of the Colonial Secretary, and there are the usual waiting rooms. At the other end of the corridor are situated the Principal Under-Secretary's rooms, which are reached by a staircase from the left of the main entrance in Macquarie-street. Mr. Walker has also an ante-room in which strangers await admission, aud there ie a private passage by which he can reach the Colonial Secretary's offices without having to pass persons await ing interviews. The finest room in the building, how ever, is the Executive Council-chamber, situated immediately behind the Colonial Secretary's room, and overlooking Bridge-street. It measures about 50 feet in length by about 30 feet in width, and is proportion ately lofty. The ceiling and walla are splendidly decorated, and the room is ornamented by statuary, paintings, and other works of art, some of which were much admired at the late Sydney Exhibition. The fittings and furniture are of the most tasteful character, and in every respect the room may be fairly claimed to be the fineEt Executive Council-chamber in Australia. The rooms on the next floor are given up to the Public Works Department, and the same department occupies the remainder of the building facing Phillip-street, Sib John Robertson's nose (says the Herald) is a new feature — in a Parliamentary debate, On the 5th instant he introduced that useful member to the notice of the Upper House, in the course of the debate on the second reading of the Metropolitan Water and Sewage Bill, as a trustworthy organ — of public opinion. His form of expression wa6, that ' with a keen nose and an experience on the harbour greater than any man in the Chamber, he would take the liberty to eay that there was a great deal of humbug and bunkum talked about the smells from the harbour.' Sir John may be con gratulated upon the felicity of his expression. By a sagacious allotment of epithets and by restricting his comparisons to one House of the Legislature, he skilfully avoided an imminent risk of offending the susceptibilities of his great former rival and present chief. Had he been so maladroit as to invert his sentence, and to lay claim to a keen experience on the harbour, and a better nose than any man in the Parliament, there might have been some risk of dis eennons in the Cabinet. There is, doubtless, some justification for the style in which Sir John bracketed together his nose and his experience. It would be vain to deny that his nose is a6 old as his experience ; thongh, being among the admirers of his handsome ness, we should demur to any such depreciatory sug gestion as that the former is as prolonged as the latter, or that the two will go on growing^ together. To require, therefore, that his fellow-legislators should lay as much stress upon his nose as upon his experi ence was a somewhat bold expectation upon Sir John's part. That considerable deference is due to the veteran's experience will be freely admitted, but it will scarcely be granted that a simply unquestioning faith in his nose is essential to the character of a com petent legislator. In the present instance we venture to demur to the testimony of the organ, notwithstand ing our recognition of its elevated and Roman nature. We would like to take Sir John's nose— and would offer no objection to his also making one of the party, did he feel the inducement sufficient — to several parts of the harbour, where the fragrance is very different from the briny flavour perceptible at such situations as Watson's Bay. It would be interesting to observe its attitudes were its bridge thrown over the inlets in the vicinity of the Blackwattle Embankment and the Abattoirs, or were it laved in the harbour watei's near the Domain baths. The venerable Vice-President of the Executive Council hae, it is to be feared, not shown his ordinary sagacity in offering his nose a6 an authority for general accept ance. People have a habit of turning up their authori ties which, in practice, might prove destructive to the present symmetry and classic contour of the knight's appendage. It may be conjectured that Sir John has been induced to adventure his new aud remarkable attempt to induce the public to be led by his nose by some association of ideas with his lively remem brance of the numerous occasions on which they have submitted to bis leading them by their own. The May number of the Australian has some capital articles, is carefully edited and excellently printed, and deEerves encouragement from all well-wishers to colonial magazine literature. The gentlemen who formed the staff of the head office of the late Council of Education last week presented to Pro fessor Smith, at his residence, a piece of silver plate, as a mark of their appreciation of his unvarying kindness and consideration towards tliem during the long period of his occupancy of the honourable position of President of the late Council of Education. The presentation was made by Mr. W. Wilkins, secretary of the late Council, and now under-secretary to the Minister of Public Instruction. On a handsome silver plate upon the case was the fol lowing inscription:— 'Presented to The Honorable Pro fessor Smith, C.M.G , President of the late Council of Education, by the staff of the office on the dissolution of the Council, 30th April, 18S0.' We have received the first number of a new comic journal, The Sydney Fun. Instead of criticising our new contemporary, we prefer to quote the following from its introductory remarks :—' We don't expect to set the Parramatta River on fire, nor to act as an imme diate panacea for all the ills to which the colony is heir, but we do hope and aspire to be somewhat in etnimental in the exposure and rectification of abuses, and we shall not hesitate fearlessly and independently to point out where they may appear to us to exist. There are some wrongs, and some wrongdoers, impervious to all else, which can he reached by satire, and to such we shall direct our special attention. However, our main desire is to amuse, and to amuse, when possible, without hurting the feelings of any one ; and if irritation be caused by any thing that we may insert, the aggrieved may comfort them selves with the assurance that the fault lies with them, and not with us. We are determined . to exclude * envy, hatred, and all uncharitableness from our pages, and anything that may savour or be possibly construed into malice, however public men, whether they have thrust themselves into that position, or been elevated into it by others, on account of their innate virtues, are open to fair criticism, and so far as their pnblic actions are concerned, we 6hall not evade our duly in freely giving vent to our opinions.'' The following is the text of the Anti-Chinese Bill lately passed in California : — 'Any officer, director, manager, mem ber, stockholder, clerk, agent, servant, attorney, emploj'e assignee, or contractor of any corporation now existing 'or hereafter formed under the laws of this State, who shall employ in any manner or capacity upon any work or busi ness of such corporation any 'Chinese or Mongolian, is guilty of a misdemeanor, and is punishable by a fine of not kss than 100 nor more than 1000 dollars, or by imprison ment in the county gaol of not less than 50 nor more than 500 days, or by both such fine or imprisonment. Provided that no director of a corporation shall be deemed guilty under this section who refuges to assent to such employment, and has such dissent recorded in the minutes of the board of directors. (1.) Every person who has been convicted for violating the provisions of this section, committing any subsequent violation thereof after such conviction, is punishable as follows: — (2) For each subsequent convic tion such person shall be fined not less than 500 dollars, nor nioie than oOOO dollars, or by imprisonment not less than 250 days nor more than two years, or by both such flue and imprisonment. Any corporation now existing, or hereafter foiuied under the laws of the State, that shall employ, directly or indirectly, in any capacity, any Chinese or Mon golian 'shall be guilty of misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall for the first offence be fined not less than 500 dollars nor more than 1CC0 dollars, and upon the secoud conviction shall, in addition to paid penalty, forfeit its charter and franchise, and all its corporate rights, and it shall be the duty of the Attorney-General to take the neces ary steps to enforce such forfeiture.'7 A shout time since the New Zealand Government became convinced of the desirableness of testing the richness and payableness of some of the auriferous and mineral deposits of New Zealand, and they gave Dr. Hector, their represen tative at the Garden Palace, instructions to cast about here for the best means for doing so. That gentleman, after examining the various boring appliances available in this city, and having witnessed the operations of the diamond drills at Moore Park and other localities, became satisfied that the latter would meet the object in view in every re spect. He was especially gratified with the manner in which the drills extracted cores of strata through which they passed at depths of 1000, 1500, and 2000 feet, and on his return to 'Wellington he expressed his gratification to the Government there. Shortly after his arrival here in the second instance he received a telegram from his Government desiring him to select the drill he considered best adapted to their requirements. He choose one capable of boring to a depth of at least 1500 feet — similar, in fact, to one which had penetrated the earth here to a distance of 2000 feet; and it was placed in working order for him and supplied by Mr. J. Coghlan, the manager of the Australian. Diamond Drill Company. Both it and a 12- horse power engine, to which it was attached, were manufactured by Mort's Dock and Engineering Company, of Sydney, and were tested at the Circular Quay laEt week, in the presence of Dr. Hector, Mr. Wilkinson, the Government geologist, Mr. Webster, a Commissioner for New Zealand at the Garden Palace, and Mr. Gray, an engineer of Mort's Company, who was present at the solicitation of Dr. Hector. Mr. Coghlan demon strated to Dr. Hector that the diamonds would work, not only pc-rpendicularly, but diagonally, and, if required, even horizontally. The whole of the machinery moved with exceeding smoothness, and Mr. Gray pronounced the test a most satisfactory one. The New Zealand Government have engaged Mr. Carter, one of Mr. Coghlan's most experienced engineers, to take charge of it for twelve months. 