Tiie Lori'don papers recently to hand show, that most of /the Cabinets of Europe were profoundly shocked bv the note despatched to them by the' Porte of Turkey on the 5th October. When it was generally supposed that no further dilatoriness or vacillation with regard to the cession of Duicigno. would be attempted; when, on 30th September, the, Sultan had notified toithe Ambassa dors tli/tfc on-the 3rd October a note containing a; suggestion for the settle ment of , the quostion should be com munictited to . them ; none but those intimately acquainted with the subter fuges of Turkish diplomacy anticipated that that we'ak and 'threatened power would again ;dare- to defy the long pent-up wrath of concerted Europe.' The ijiierveniris days between that promise' and its fulfilment consti tuted a^crisis , in the fate of Turkey. That the Porte .would, ultimately j yield to the immense, pressure which was bearing down1 on!it. was. certain, unless by diplomatic, art ' -it ,, could - spoil the European concert, -j iBut -the effron tery of the - step, , immediately .taken produced both astonishment and indig nation. JWheii. the strongest powers of Europe bad combined to insist on the fulfilment; of treaty obligations by one of the wieakest powers they were little likely, to accept complacently a polite ' ^intimation that ! they were demanding top much, and that their threats of ; coercive' measures were not required by the, occasion. Delay seems to have been the .main object. Probably the Porte wished to weary the great powers by dilatory and resultless negotiations, and to so disgust eome of them that they would withdraw from- the ' irritating task. If that was the object, the mistake madewas quickly discovered. Iu every capital in Europe the evasive fulfilment of the Sultan's promise was received as an j affront, aud the least ' hearty of. the Cabinets felt that further action: of a most decided character would be neces sary. It is scarcely possible to'suppose that such a suicidal act would .'have been committed unless the Sultan quite disbelieved irLthe reality of the concert of the Powers ; and1 that lie supposed that a majority of them were indifferent whether Duicigno remained an Albanian city or was ceded to Montenegro. iTbat which was intended to divide ha|d the effect of consolidating union. That is a strange infatuation which induces a comparatively helpless man to exas perate an opponent'wlic has 'the power to speedily crush him; what is folly iii the individual is folly in a nation. Never is a man more pitiable or in greater;peril than when mental aberration leads him to the delusion that his special infirmity is his chief strength, or that his vice is virtuous. Such seems to bo the unhappy, condition of the Turkish Sul tan. : He was overbearing in his weak ness, and insolent towards nations who had' at -his 'very -shores the power to demolish his .magnificent capital and to deprive him ? of- his authority.-' But he also . knew that were -those concerted Powers to 'shatter 'his authority and break/in -pieces his 'Empire, they would fight amongst, themselves about the. division ? of- the' fragments. This; may account for his; temerity. ! - No one who _ has watched the course of events since the close of the Russo Turkish war 'cati /have failed to see how complex are- the many elements which go 'to make up the Eastern question,! and. how necessarily, therefore, the European Cabinets hare to take each step regarding that question with the utmost caution. A false move at any* time might lead to such 'ah explosion of. the long laid mine as would shake; mo'Bt of - the nations of Europe. That a con flict has to come in which the Ottoman power shall be driven from Constanti nople is certain ; but the power which shall , succeed, in -.possession is not yet determined., 5 The position is so impor tant,, the ' prize, M so splendid, ; that more, than one pair of royal ,, eyes are-'Hcovetouslyi -fixed' on- it. -At some: point in the not distant future the complete Uismemlierment of Euro- 1 pean .Turkey will take place ; neither the -military power of the Porte nor the religious fanaticism of the. people enn 'prevent tbit/'eo^aummation ; the diffi culty, will consist in ;the' 'apportionment of the severed parts'. ' The State, like a crushed worm; has- wriggled in protest-, against the bitter fate which has already .curtaijpd its territoryVahd set'-up - new government here or there, whilst adding; slices of territory to loathed and hostile neighbouring States. . ; , Prom this v it may be assumed that the' i end, when' ; it comes, . will be ! very bitter, and will 'be reached- by a terrible conflict. . Op the part' of those who have most prominently con ducted the negotiatiotis'-,;for the (fulfil ment ? of- the Berlin Treaty a | large amount of self-restraint must, at various ?Btage8,.have been required^hs one pro posal after another was resisted, and the combined- diplomatic skill of the ?world's greatest statesmen was baffled by the equivocation and obstinacy of a power, too weak to resist, 'but: ndt too stupid to make an absurd show ; of resistance; ! ' i Our recent cablegrams have informed us that the end for which each power ful European Government sent repre sentatives of its navy to a common rendezvous's hns been accomplished with out thaiactive intervention of the; com- bined? fleet. . So effectual has' tfeen the pressure, so vigorous the- coercive menace, that the Sultan's own soldiers have-?at las^jiccomplished what.'tlie other powers wdjild otherwise have secured, by the iron pressure of 'a bombardment. His evasion secured no direct 'benefit- fp.rj.his^cpuutry, . buts.it -.provok'ed' the. lahgtiid^elementi of' the European'con^ cert-into- vigour.---- — ' — '' ' ? — Th0-t^o powers'. .'sppdiallyi interested in the solution o'f'Turkigli difficulties are' -Englap'dr and-r3lus8ia..p.l!rhe former is, content 'to await th'e'ndtarol.. demise of an effete power ; the other is impatient to advance on Stainboul. England is too much interested in the fate of the city of the Sultan to allow its unfor bidden' arid unopposed occupation by the Muscovites. ... Mr. Gladstone is known to have no'special liking for the Turk, but he is too 'sagacious a states man and too loyal a Briton to allow the Bosphorus to be controlled by Bus si an forts. ' He has evidently taken the lead in the recent measures of coercion. He committed England to the task of enforc ing the most urgent of the treaty pledges. When the purport of the Porte's tan talising note -was flashed by wire .to every court in Europe, nearly every one of them suspended action till the mind of the British Cabinet was known. It was assumed that, in the extremest exigency, England must go forward j whatever the other Powers might fiually decide to do, she must, even if alone, filfil her threats of complusion. In that case she would be playing the Hussian game at her own cost. The ; only way to . avoid fighting was to j keep the menacing Powers together. ! This lias beeu effectually done. The Porte has succumbed. British diplomacy has, so far, triumphed. The result shows how completely England., has.. jesumed her influence in the Councils of Europe. . We may reasonably hope that indis posed as the Liberal administration may be for war, they will -not again suffer. British .honour to become! a by word; nor British influence a fiction. Me. and Mita. Tavareb. — We are glad to hear .that there is a(good demand for Beats for the dramatic performance to . he given by Mr. and Mrs.' Tavares, at the Town Hall pn the evening of Separation Day. The stage is being specially fitted' up for the occasion by Messrs. Brown aud Smith with a proscenium and suitable scenery, and from all we can learn, the entertainment is likely to prove a very enjoyable one. We are requested to state that tickets are obtainable at the office of the Parcels De livery Company in Ed ward, street. ; Old School of Akts.— Tot another crowded audience to witness. ' Piuafore' is to be re. corded, and it seems a pity that the piece should be withdrawn in c the midst of its popularity. To-morrow night, Mr. Kelly, the Sir Joseph Porter , will take a benefit, and we feel sure he will not have to complain of want of support on' the occasion. Mr. Kelly is a truly admirable comedian, and. he is, moreover, very popular in Brisbane, 'and as he appears for the last time but one in the part with which he has so thoroughly identified himself, he cannot fail to attract a big house. The opera will be pre ceded by the comedietta, ' Glubb's Daughters.' ' Bohemian,' in The Week, writes : — Th3 electors of Maryborough seem 'to be divided in opinion as to who is best qualified to take Mr. DougW place. I am rather sur prised at this, myself, because it is so easy for them to see on which side their bread is piikely to be buttered most; lavibbly. They ? must recollect that. -this Parliament is to lust another three years, and not a ghost of aohance of any other -Ministry coming into power during the whole of that time. Three years is a long period when you come to think of it seriously. : The Ministry, might be able to do a good), deal for the constituency in -three yeats if the electors would only send the. right man to represent them in the. Assembly. Mr. Henry Calmer may not be the best man it would be possible lo choosui-but as he has'declared himself! to be 'independent,' he' may be depended upon as a thick; and thiu supporter of the Ministry. All candidates iu Liberal constituencies who intend to give an unwavering supported the' - Ministry if elected, have to insiBt very strongly that they, are 'independent.' Arid it is true enough in a certain senBe.' Of course tbey are independent, until , they , get elected/and then they becdino' convinced all at / 'once thit .the. Opposition are a ' bad lot,' and that the Ministry must be supported, right or wrong, in putting down the Opposition — and keeping tbeih there. ' And a staunch ministerialist for Maryborough next session wight be) very useful, because the chances are a thousand to. one that we have not heard the last of that steel rails and freight business yet. It iB just 'as 'likely as xot that Mr. Commissioner King, 'and- the colleague whom 4he Secretary of State 'for the'OolonieB may appoint, may pnsh their inquiries further than lis expected, and with very little regard -to -the feelings of our Premier or his family connections, and that the evidenco so taken may get -reported and published out I here. : It ia to be sincerely hoped that nothing ef the sort will happen, and I believe due pre stations have been taken to prevent it, but 'you never can telljuntil the numbers are up.' Any way it would be all the better to have a thoroughly reliable ministerialist ;in , Douglas' place , in case somebody should break away from the'.; other side, and Mr, Henry palmer's vote would be as geod as anybody's on a division.. . But the telegramB say ' Willie , Keith',' BtandB the best obance of .beiug.returned,! . TJiis is , awful, because; Keith is as much of a Liberal as Boattie, -Grimes, Maofarlane, Foots,* or any of that mob! ' I can soarcely, believe that a majority of the electors will be 60 perverse lis to elect Keith, when they want their rjvor dredged, anfl a railway to Gayndali'to prevent' the'Bundaberg line from being' extended there, and several other local publio. works. ? These .facts should, iweigh with them much more, than mere political opinion. Keith's politics may be all right in the abstract';' but what are they likely.,. to. produoe in . the concrete whjle M'^lwraitli' remdioa in power ? That is .|tho: vital question for them,to'ask and'answer- ' The election of a Liberal muy.' even cause' no 'end , of delay in oalling' for tenders'tf6r' the 'constractibn'of the Burrnm Railway. ? 