Queensland Stock Movements /s and State of the Country. (Queenslander, Nov. 27.) THE BARCOO. The weather during the month has been for the most part cloudy, with occasional thunderstorms and small showers, but, excepting the 8th and 9th, not sufficient to collect in gauge. If' violent wind storms did any good to the grass, and put water in the waterholes, the Barcoo country would be luxuriant. FLINDERS RIVER. October 27. One hundred and eighty head of fat cattle passed up the Flinders River on October 20 from Talawanta (Messrs. M'Kenzie and Bostock's station), on the Alexandra River, for Werris, property of same owners ; Mr. R. C. Mitchell in charge. 1,200 head of cattle passed down the Flinders on October 26, to stock, the Punjab country on the Tableland, recently purchased by Messrs. Travers and Gibson. LEICHARDT RIVER. Cloncurry, Oct 14. The stock movements for the month are as follow £200 head of fat cattle, in charge of owner (Mr. Brodie), left this river, bound for Port Darwin ; 170 head of fats passed down, hound also for the same market, in charge of owner (Mr. Hayes). We have had a change of weather during the last few days, steady rain falling for twelve hours on the 10th of the month, and since then every appearance of more. WINTON'. November 4. We have had a few flying thunderstorms, accompanied by very heavy winds, but no rain to do any more than put a weak spring in the grass Between here and Boulia some heavy rain fell, filling or partly filling a good few small waterholes. A mob of rams, Mr. Thorley in charge, passed the other day for Mr. Fisk's station, Rupert's Creek ; also a mob of bulls of the celebrated shield brand, Mr. Milsom in charge passed ; these latter seem to be a good lot-? they are bound for the Herbert. DIAMAHTETA EUtUH. October 21. Since my report of the thunderstorms of the 12th and 13th instant we have had two more one on the 21st, and the other to-day. Very heavy rain, but partial. The storm of to-day seems more general, and a great deal of rain has fallen both here and some miles up the river ; very little down. No movements in stock. " j ' I ARAMAC. November 8. I hear that 23,000 sheep are on their way from the south, bound for Rockwood station, lately purchased by Messrs. Dennis, of Victoria. Weather very hot ; 106 in the shade for nearly a week past. . TAMBO. November 6. Since I last wrote 500 rams passed through here in charge of Mr. Marshall, bound for Aramac A mob of horses went through last Wednesday, on their way to Bell and Dutton's Bimerah station. Among the mob were two thoroughbred mares. On Thursday Sixty head of horses passed en route for Westland, the property or the Hon. J. P. Bell, Mr. J. S. Galbraith in charge. The country round here may at last be said to look bad. All who own cattle are suffering to some extent, and many gravely. It is a daily matter now to hear of a beast getting bogged, or being found dead, in some waterhole about the town. The one hole out of which the supply of water is taken for domestic uses in the town, was allowed to keep a dead horse in it for two days. There is a dam called Tireena, about thirty miles off, where grass and water are still abundant, and the cattle that used to roam about the watershed, as well as the horses from most of the town paddocks, have been sent there. Along the open plains there is nothing green ; the soil is literally baked, and here and there cracked and fissured with the intense heat. For twenty-three miles along the Birkenhead road there is not a drop of water. SURAT. November 16. Grass and water in abundance; a finer season was never known here. No stock movements. COOKTOWN. November 13. In my last I mentioned that I thought we were done with the dry weather, and inland such is the case ; but for twenty miles round Cooktown I find that the showers have been partial and light, none have fallen for the last fortnight, and the country is now drying up again, and no appearance of a change. On the Normanby, Laura, and the head of the Endeavor the grass is splendid, and water plentiful ; cattle are improving. The blacks are giving some trouble to Mr. Earl, of Butcher's Hill (Laura) and Mr. Morris had some cattle speared at the Springs, Normanby River. Thirty young Durham bulls were landed from the Victoria this morning; they were bred by the A. A. Company on their Warrah station, shipped in Sydney for Mr. Edward Palmer, Mitchell River. They are the best lot I have seen landed here. Reading of the thermometer for the week ending November 6 -Max., 90' ; min., 36; week ending 13. max, 92- ; min., 88 BOWEN. November 15. The weather Keeps frightfully dry in and about the town, and water is getting very scarce, most of the tanks being dry, and the pumps at the Don River, which used to supply the town, are not working. Though we have had no rain in town, the district as a whole is not so badly off. Just as I finished writing we had a slight thunderstorm, with rain enough to about lay the dust. ' CQVHSEFIEED. 4\. November 13. The weather hot and close disgustingly so thunder and lightning, storms in abundance ; clouds of dust but no rain, or only a few drops; grass Smyth; the selectors' cattle shadows looking for an easy bit of ground to lie down again and give up the ghost. PORT CURTIS. November 22. The much-desired change in the weather is still only in prospect, and with the exception of a few favoured spots no rain of any consequence has yet fallen. On Balnagowan run a week since thunderstorms followed each other in rapid succession, and deluged the country, filling all the swamps and waterholes, and doing an immensity of good ; but at the short distance of only a few miles the country remains dry and parched, and in the I immediate neighbourhood of Rockhampton it is about as dry, parched, and barren as could be. Indications of the wished- for change are continuously plentiful, nevertheless and the desire of our hearts, we may still hope, is not far from fulfilment. No change has taken place in the cattle I market. Steers, from three to five years old, have changed hands quite recently at an extremely low figure as low as 35s per head ; but, as may be supposed, vendors generally are not very anxious to quit at that figure. Oats are in excess of all present demands and all kinds of disease are particularly scant. ora on. November 17. The weather for the past fortnight has been very sultry, varied occasionally by thunderstorms. All the waterholes are full, and pasture is looking well. TEWANTIN. November 14. Since my last we have had very favorable weather, and the teamsters cannot now complain about the grass. The cattle are all looking strong and fat. GYMPIE. November 19. The weather has for the past week been excessively hot for the time of year, on Sunday and Monday the thermometer registering 96 degrees in the shade ; rain has threatened on several occasions, but none has fallen. A good downpour just now would be heartily welcome. NERANG. November 23. A succession hot sultry days fills up the weather record for the past fortnight. Monday, the 15th instant, was a day that will be long remembered for its sultriness and excessive heat. At one house in Nerang the thermometer went up to 10-2' in the shade. BEENLEIGH. November 24. The season continues to be most promis- ing; abundance of rainfall. Generally there is no complaint of too much rain, but in some parts of the district low- lying lands have certainly had an over-supply of wet. From Pimpama Island it is reported that the rice crops have suffered. It is a pleasing item that comes to us from Veresdale of a nice little patch of wheat which has just been reaped, and shows an excellent return. Most of the sugar-mills have finished the season. Some of the planters who had not parted with all their crops are rejoicing in the increased value of sugar. Planting is going on fairly well, considering the many stoppages by thunderstorms. Hailstorms have been numerous at Veresdale an iron roof of Mr. Hinchcliff's store was pierced in some twenty places, and growing potatoes and gardens suffered very much. MOUNT BRISBANE. November 17. Weather glorious ! rather warm in the day- time, but cool in the evening. Thunderstorms every two or three days. Country looking magnificent ; cattle ditto. 