MR. BERRY IN A NEW CHARACTER. Our Sydney Catholic contemporary, the Freeman's Journal, says :— Those cynics among us who hold that an ultra-democrat is almost invariably an aristocrat and a tyrant at heart will be confirmed in their belief by recent events in Victoria. Mr. Berry's conception of the duties of a paternal government is in many respects not unworthy of an autocrat of the old- fashioned royal or imperial pattern; and to find an exact parellel for his latest action we must go back more than a hundred years. Modern experience certainly does not furnish another instance of a Minister, at least in England, or in any of her colonies, daring enough to interfere, through political motives, with the amusements of the people. Evidently, in more ways than one, Mr. Berry is desirous of ordering things in the neighbouring colony " as they do—or rather as they used to do— in France." He who once threatened his opponents with " broken heads and flaming houses," as a consequence of their refusal to accept his policy, appears to be suddenly filled with nervous fears, lest certain passages in a stage-play might lead to a breach of the public peace. A localised version of a burlesque, entitled "Happy Land," which had a successful run in London some few years ago, was announced for representation at the Academy of Music, Melbourne. It was likely to prove very attractive, as it was known to contain many political allusions—was, in fact, a satire on the present Ministry. Mr. Berry, ostensibly for the preservation of social order, " good manners, and decorum," interdicted the performance. Mr Aarons, the lessee of the Academy of Music, waited on the Premier, submitted the manuscript of the objectionable piece to his inspection, and, at the same time, pointed out that the political hits were far less offensive than those of the English version. But Mr. Berry was inexorable, and declared he would not permit his Government to be held up to contempt. He, however, on being informed that all the obnoxious passages had been carefully expunged, reluctantly consented to the production of " Happy Land." Mr. Aarons can scaroely be blamed for not adhering very strictly to the letter of his engagement. The temptation to retaliate on the Chief Seoretary was too great. The publio, as might have been expected, rushed to see the forbidden play, and it at otice achieved a popularity which undoubtedly its intrinsic merits did not promise. Every referenoe to contemporary events was applauded—and, strange to say, no breach of the peace occurred. But the champion of the plebiscite was not to bs baffled; he complained that the lessee had broken faith with him, threatened to oancel bis license—and finally the bnrleEque had to be withdrawn. The affair altogether is strangely out of place in a free Australian city at the close of the nineteenth century. The Melbourne papers have published the entire text of " Happy Land," and he would be a very ingenious critic indeed who could discover anything in it to warrant the Chief Secretary's assertion that its performance would be an outrage on " good manners and decorum;" always assuming that the conservation of "good manners and decorum" does not strictly depend on the continuance of Mr. Berry and his friends in office. This high-handed interference on the part of the Premier is, if possible, a worse blunder than the Embassy. The ridicule which it must necessarily excite will be more fatal to him than all the arguments of the Opposition. Even among those thick-and-thin adherents who still swear by him, in thus shrinking from a little harmless banter, he will have suffered an irreparable loss of prestige. Mr. Berry would have done well to have assumed a virtue if he had it not; and if he really felt secure in that robe of patriotism in which he so 03tentatiously envelops himself, he might have allowed the satirist to do his spite, and laughed at all "weak inventions of the enemy." Still, it mast be admitted that the Premier, and his faithful associates, Mr. Woods and the "Major," have been very bitterly quizzed by the author of "Happy Land." The denouement of the extravaganza, in which the trio are carried down to Hades by the avenging ghost of Henderson Africanus, is, perhaps, too unpleasantly suggestive of an approaching tall to be received by any of the gentlemen in question with perfect equanimity. The powers that be are not quite so thin-skinned in the mother country. Nobody ever dreamed of aoousing Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan o! endeavouring to excite a spirit of insubordination in the " Queen's Navee" by railing at the Admiralty officials, in " H.M.S. Pinafore.'? Bat happily England is still governed by statesmen, not demagogues " dressed np in a little brief authority." Oar southern neigh-, boars are, however, beginning to awaken from their delusion, and find, like Tituia, that they have been "enamoured ot an ass." The politioal death of Mr. Berry and his party may be predicted its one of the most certain ot coming events. They cannot, at be credited with' the Roman virtde of knowing how to die with deoenov ami dignity, and their fnneral oration will 1 probably, be a peal of scornful laughter. 