-THERE is only ^ one way, it-would appear, to secure peace Mid ppoeperhy for this crW-riddea country. That wayis to eat down lCnisteil' faJujeji, sad cat them 4own tremeadMB^. The Premier shooM receive no more than. J$6QQ a yfear; and all the . other membecs °«S the Go vernment XSOO each— the Attomey-GeHerJ M m s permanent official ol the State with a higher salary, because an Attomsjr-Gaieml wprth having coold not be got ; for the smaller amount of monBj?—wiult private members should remain at the £300 * year aa now. There woald then be -«o small a differenbe teiweeB the pay of a Minister and titat of a private Taember, that, consiAemig the torture of criticiam, the abns^ the additumal eiperise, aad -a iruieW of othpr jnnplearanteeaaes ' and clamcrr jd^Mooskidui^ to endure, i^i private menibwwoald haA]w&r;«2l[inistenal positum. It would only be -irhere real, patiiottsm underlaid the Ithbught that a "fleBire to get ori the Treksaiy benchfa wwdd 'te'evinced ; aad £n all smArcaaes as this tha change would rally be one to be welcomed:" Tradfersuch. an arrangement as we indicab House, instead of long, * hotbed of intrigue ancf fas-Unn^ wooH 'really become a conunittee of the. whole,'bent only on " tbreshing oat what' "would benefit tine commnnity ; aad change of -this Mod would be delightful and beneficial, that MOKE'S Utopia would be aotliiiig to it for peace, prugreas, and comfort What is it, we may-ask, that threatens to bring about a Ministerial crisis' just now! Place merely for the sake of placet Nothing of the tort Patriotism 1 Nothing of the kind. ' Xt is what is vulgarly termed the "sugar" which is at. the bottom of the crisis, s, indeed, it is at the bottom of nearly all crises. It is the large amount of money which Ministerial portfolios carry with than that is at the root of the eviL Stamp the cause out, then, and the rest would follow. ~ Cut down Ministers 1 salaries, as we suggest above, and only those members who are actuated by the best of motives would covet ofik$; and these are the men-we should (always have in that position. Depend upon it that tite high salaries which Ministers receive are at the bottom of nearly all die struggles which go on for place and pay, and that until all those salaries cease to be worth going for for themselves this crisis-ridden country will never see the end of this dejdorable mischief, Let os look at the noxious thing little closer. The work of the session is coming to a point which, if reached, would give as a substantial Railway Bill, an amending land Bill, bills to deal with the disease amongst our vines, and the rabbit pest—two most excellent efforts—a Harbor Trust Bill, a Ministerial Salaries Reduction Bill, but not nearly so far as it should go, a Judges Salaries Reduction Bill, a Governor's Salary Reduction- Bill, several other measures which we need not stop to mention, and a scheme for extricating the country out of its financial difficulties. In addition to all these measures, retrenchment would be secured in a variety of directions, by which the finances and taxpayers would greatly benefit Such excellent work as this schedule describes, would, say, be the result of this in, if the Ministry were only left to realise its business and its intentions. And labor; trade, agriculture, settlement, and our finances would all be advantaged by these efforts being carried to the point of completion. But all these efforts—all the work of the'session—are threatened with extinction—for what 1 To bring about a scramble for place and pay, in. which every member who votes against the Minlstiy, supposing the Ministry to be defeated, will have chance of winning . one of the so intensely coveted Ministerial stipends. It is utterly impossible to account for the threatened disturbance in any other way, .because the cry that is raised about the Reform BQl is the merest bosh, as we shall show veiy plainly in a future article. The House has sanctioned nearly all the above bills, and the taxation proposals; of the Government; so that it. cannot attack the Ministry on any of these grounds, without completely turning its back upon itself; and, bad as it is, it is hardly weak enough to do this^ The Ministerial stipends can alone be the motive power of the. fight which is immediately before the country, because there is nothing else to provoke a contest True, there is what is called the Catholic claim; but this -would not cause a ripple on the surface of the House, if it stood alone. . But it carries ten or eleven votes; and it is, therefore, made use of—ooquefcted with to aid the salaryimnters ui their task, only for tiieir claim to be thrown over when the object of the salary-hunters is compassed. The whole noxious tiling, therefore, comes down to a very small epace. Hie outs are fighting against the ins to grasp the "sugar/' and the public weal, the business of Parliament, all the work of the session indeed, are threatened with utter extinction to get office for. the pay whicti office carries. The least reflection will, therefore, suffice to show: that it is the " sugar"' 'which: is at the botyomof the rumpus just before os; the House would never be fio foolish as to throw out die Ministry at this a&ical; i&agevor; whm all the bosiness (^thesessioiiis dmwing toafijush. The. Mrigaen voold have-wwted for witi go bjrffe board il^mtbe parte*the —laiy-hnntrtgf aaeeemt jhuulii crown "iu Uic affect the question WB are forward. Tin fnrfiirflT ntiff 11 nirfji Ihnf the "sugar'' is coveted by »bige| number of the member* of tiae Boot; and that that number of members are quite willing that everything shojdd be'sacrificed, rather than they shook! ttiss a chance of handling this money.i We icoibe baifek,T th'ei efm e, point 11ieliigli salaries of are at the bottom of this threatened Ministerial crisis; aad tfae only permanent hope, therefore, for the comi&f; is t8 gettte'satoies doicn as wq live suggested. Otherwise, the evil wiB. ijrow by its own intensity, and no audi ; ~ As aubsUadSfl" -' PITIGTFEBS i with the public badness can be reasonably now prerfflls is too strong to be efectively resisted. The only cure for these crises is what we lay downj and we hopetije d^r isnotlardiBtaatwhen itwiEbetakenbrisHyinhandaddexhaustivdy adopted. ' SSEBEVM a oontiiuied oteedry bakiness in mining stocks last week; but,'with meori^ex(»ptioQ8,-the-t<Hie ojE the market was dightily in favor of btiyers at tfie <jose. "Cfe' the other hand, however, where ' improyed. projects warranted, tliere were soine heavy advances—«otably in the case of 'New Kong Meng shares, which commenced tite^eiek withfeales St £15s,siid'after fiuceuating between £1 ^s 8s 6d, steadily rose to 46s, ctmsequeht two an&U; rises feom the south-east drfve' having proved' payable wifch 4 feet ., thjck:^ . The smcceMM issue of lina indeed fnrthd mining ^ente^niBe in this quarter, ® bompa^ of BaSaiSt speculators having secured Kaitio's freehold of 400 '-adjoining the New-Kong Meag claim on the torth, and there. .will be without doubt plenty of capital available for its development, as tme prospects are first-class, and the terms, published elsewhere, very liberal. City of Ballar&t; shams received ah impetus during' the week, owing to knore favorable .indications .than usual of being near' deep ground in the eastern drive, aad buyers increased their offers £rom X2 fis to £2 15s, -without bang supplied. There was also a good enquiry for Band aad Albion Consols, which rose from £5 9s to £5 2s, but the last -sale - for the week ; was made at £5 10s. North Band and Albion had a -heavy fall, due to a slide having been met with on the western lode ; and shares having teen quitted at XI and £1 Is on Monday, receded to 10s on Saturday mom ing. Other stocks in this locality iwere somewhat affected by the depression in North Baad; Band and Barton having eased from 15s 6d to 14s 9d, No. 1 from 19s 6d to 16s 9d, and Young Band, notwithstanding the good average fortnight's yield of 146 oz 10 dwt, showing a difference as between 25s and 23s. New Crescent) too, were a little weaker at the close of the market; but Serjeant's Freehold, having fluctuated between 28s 6d and 2ts early in the week, went afterwards to £19s 6d, with holders tolerably firm. Band of Hope Qaartz, too, in consequence of the present. payable yields," were very strong, and no shares were obtainable under J&l; 5s; while No. 2 had business at 78 9d aad 8s. Here was Again a downward tendency in the price of . . . , ... , , - 0 0. Washington, notwithstanding a 3s .£d^ dividend was declared, and holders were willing to quit at £1 8s on Saturday. % For any of the New Koh-i-Noor family of stocks there were only a few. enquiries, and there 'were more sellers than buyers, but prices were ' generally well upheld. Both Collis Washington and Marshall's Freehold had a fair amount of business, the former opening at 2s 3dj advancing to 2s 8d, and coming back to 2s 3d,~"while Marshall's were quitted at from 2 s 3d to 2s 6d. Other local stocks were quiet. The usual large business was transacted in Kingston, mines, but in the majority of cases holders failed to support opening prices. Lone Hand commenced at £7 18s, and gradually dropped to £H 7s, partly owing to the, yield for the week not coming up to expectations; and Lord Harry receded from 27s to 25s, it having been ascertained that No. 4 bore had actually bottomed. This company has, however, a distance of 800 feet yet to bore to their western boundary, and it is probable that the deep ground "will be found thereabout. Berry Consols were tolerably firm, with sales from 19s to £2 17s 6d, while Seven Hills Extended having started at £8 15s, reached £9 5s, and -came back again to £8' 15s. It will be noticed by ofir advertising columns that the proprietor of. this estate is about to float another company to mine. on portion of the property. Hie new company's area; will- be about 731 acres, inclnding. the Clover ;H31 Estate, and is on the direct course of the deep ground through the Smeaton plains,.. The variation in price of other stocks in. this district does not call for any speeiajjnotioe, withtheoxceptifrn th at holders were not, as already stated, so firm at the close of business.* A' fair, nnmber of transactions was recorded Gordon and Egerton stocks, but Parker's United, having sold at £2 and £2 Is, eased to £1 18s and £1 18s 6d on Saturday, due to an over-supplied market, as the reports from the mine were very favorable. ISgerton were firmer, and were taken at from £4 8s to £4 lis; while Black Horse were looked upon withmorefavor than of late, the improvement in price being from £2 13s 6d to £2 16s. Amongst the Dunolly group of stocks, Queen's Birthday had the best business,^ from'£23 5s to £23 15s, the splendid yield of 708 oz for the fortnight having been anticipated to .some extent by news of good stone going through the batteiy. Curran's Freehold .after the late unaccountable drop "to Is, came into better demand late in the week at 1b 9d, but there were no shares to be had under 2s 3d. North Birthday were well held for 18s 6d, and Sonth"Birthday at SsiBd, bat the enquiries were very irregular, and tub buMness was reporbed in either of £hase stocks, or -in Welcome Quartz. In. ^n^mi^Bfew^estook ^ e m jBv^l'at /Stk proach near varians -OEserBtioat, and tuiag' tdhridfoJffinfoe - W t 'dedmA ing flie week: ^Siaillrt. HduH^tt Imperial, Sa persluWrrtotail, The yields recorded belbw amodbt to 5S74oz 8dwt 10 gr, as against 5031 oz 7 dwt 10 gr for the prerionB ternt Cit^ef Canterbury.. Parbias DlWk.. .. Now Victoria New Anwtralsrfag.. North HurdsSeid .. New Koh4-Noor£xtanded. Young Band and Albion., Golden Ag^ Browns Golden Gate, Browns NewDiecovwy, Beaafort. No. 2 Bend of Hope ••BirOtday^;. United Black HiB .. Victory {last i 107 9 0- J7 IS O' S5 W S- sao 17 oi 312 0 9 W 0 * IS IS u :srno' 14 0 0 174 14 O 73 0 0 SOS 2 O Last fMi^HL 45 O 14 12 1114 708 IS O 205 8 6 406 10 0 ea'date 4JT ff » 101 » » ss e® SH"FL I * . WS--9- «w a tr « il? * StB « V St ]»• # wu>« is 0> 0 1«»16 O wet o 14» 2 V s-iaift K11 £C Uf or CK 6 0 \- 0- (B 26 It MP unit 101 M -« a's o- ess o o 26S1 12 en' 412 387 ; 0 0 mjUurt^ItaiKj; .. nt o o IPS 10 o ( as -16 u Imperial Taunton (10 (three tons) weeka) .. 22, 0 0 Trey's Freehold <50 tons) .. .. 12 io e Uahm, Amherst (74 tons) . . •- . £0 16 0 Means Armstrong apd Bosenblinh, on. belalfof the State ethool teachnaof Bal- Sarat, waited tmom.the.EoB. Bfajoc Snutii; Miiiiater at pippaSaon, on Saturday, )o aHh.him that, u view cf -the fact that l^mtmaa SayfeQ on Satordi^, and at the clbiejt tbeW0^(.t^at.i^o>ald Jb^, bnkaL'by extttiin»< tioaa, and fcagsnsn teachers mated ~t# adf-informatioa'a sake, torspend a lima time at the Great Melbourne International Exhibition, and becahse there were many teachers vimtmg tram South Australia and iotbar. coloniee,,wh?>Ba thsy ^a^ted to, entertain, he irauld grant an extra week's Bo&dayfof; the Christmas vacation. The Minister aaid-he would gmt'fhe concession desired if no departeientaj objectiouB existed to pnevent Ilia doing ao. We are pleased to hear that Councillor J. W. Gray is recovering from the effects of paralytic stroke with which he was The petition re seats for shop-girls has been signed - considerably of late, and , the . etgn-mannals attarhed to it m support ol ita admirable provisions -oviinnnR now number nnmW about «Wt 3*1. 300, and the list is even now filling up. It u proposed topreaeatit to theproprietaEs^ftbe> uia|MM.'y' establishment* of this {dace at aa early date, and ladies who have not yet •gmd it, and who are desirous of aoatamr their less fortunate maters by its means, wifi require,to take an early opportunity of doing so. The petition is still at Mrs Anderson and Co.'s printing near 4he ironmongery store of Messrs Eyres and open for signature. Our'Learmonth correspondent writes:— "Early on Sunday morning the inhabitants of this township were startled to hear of an awfully andden death, which occurred at the Stag hotel late on the previous night. ! Ihe deceased was a clerk in the National Bank, named Edward -33tomas Kenny, who came here nearly four weeks ago to take the place of Mr D. Murray, who was away on leave of absence nntil IVesday next. The deceased, was apparently in hie garni health ncT to a late hour .on Saturday evening, when he retired forthe mght. About nine o'clock on Sunday morning the servant girl found him lying on the flow of his bedroom, the door of which was wide open, deceased having fallen just as he had entered the room. Death most have been instantaneous as there was no evidence of a straggle of any kind. , The deceased was a native of London, thirty-five years of age, and nnmarried. He had been thirteen years in the service of the bank, and at one time filled the office of accountant in the branch at dunes, and at another time was manager of the Taradale branch. A tJ<m)^:ettquny wiU- be hdd before Mr Thomson, P.M., to-day, when particulars as to the cause of death will be elicited j bat to all appearance death must have resulted from either heart disease or apoplexy." A choral aervice,- given by the united choirs of the Anglican churches of Ballarat, was held at the Alfred Hall yesterday afternoon, when the Bishop of Me&moriie; (Dr Moorhouae) preached in aid of the snstaentation fund to provide means for sustaining clergy and lay readers in thinly populated districts and poor parishes." There was a' very large attendance, over 3000 persons entering the hall, and. a magnificent sermon was preached by .the prelate. At the close of the service a collection was made for the fond mentioned, when over £51 was contributed. The choral service was admirably rendered by the choirs, and the service 1 throughout was most effectively conducted. One item in the choral parts must not be overlooked, and' that was a very elegantly composed Deus mueratur, the work of Mr J. Bailey, organist of St. Paxil's Church. Mr Bailey has treated the subject capitally, and we 'nope that the success hehaaachieved in this his first eflbrtat church mnac composition ihay be the, forerunner of very many successes. Yesterday's fine weather bad the effect of drawing a large nnmber of visitors to the la ke and gardens. The latter place of resort was 'unusually well attended, the benefit which the gardens have derived from the recent rains having no doubt formed the attraction for ao many people. Steamers, sailing, and other crart, were kept busily employed carrying visitors to aad fro. 1 There was but pne patron of the;(Xt)r lock-up last night, and he certainly patronised twice if readiness in- paying the favor be counted in tbexonnection that he whojgives \- ' ;tly giv,es twice. This patron arrived at . front dbor of the lock-up late on Saturday night, andtiaid he was drnnk, and wanted "to be took in." He was drunk, and hfe was took in." . . ' . ' * Regulations are published in"the Gazette M to tiie'-osnsas "of the cotoiiy that w0I.be taken on the.Srd«f April next year. Within tta dayB'-hrforethat dateaadiedule wp be left at the-residence of every owner or Occupier of more titan one acre of land, of every school, of every establishment where goods to the value <2 £100 are manufactured,^ all •jeark* whprp ataam, gaa, horse^ or _ water ppwer is employed, of every stone qtmrry, and of every mine- The agricultural schedule will contain full informabon asto the nature Tf"^ often*, of .the holding, of the crop, and of the implements employed. The educational schedule of the-tmmber of teachers, scholars, -denomination; while the manufactory, tjuarry and mining, and machinery aim contains the fullest information that can jbe obtained. " Mr DeniBon, late of the Barwon. Woollen M31B, has tiJom charge of the . Doveton street nnUs, Ballarat North, having joined the present proprietary <as partner; and we understand tiiat orders have been forwarded to England for all the most modern deacrip- 'tions of nn^nyfefaTing machinery... A total eclipse of jthemoon will occui- between the evening of the 16th and morning of the I7th instant. The edipse will be visible'tiinHighout Australia' T^e first contact wiih ilie shadow will take place at. twenty-four rptinfa-a pad; eleven; the middle -of-the-eclipse will oeear at eighteen minutes past oge; and the last contact with the shadow at Ihkteen minutes past three ia the morning. ..'..,,' * The monthly meeting of the Town Mission committee Was held At Mr Little's office <m Tfciday evening. Presents-Mr ,W. little (in tilb cliair), and Messrs M. D. Morgan, D. CV>oke,XSommeracaW, andM. Hoddng. The icnort of wenk for the month showed that tw^ty^gtit senicesliadheen held, iniaddi- Uuu tu iiiuu owf rltnr mqrtiiiigi, three w m •"- a, ... for tbeChiaeae. Sixtyfa> msarly every in mm U s» 4* 3d in H U Dm Mfcri (im U beat held ~ taio^etrimm, mi sttaaded 1^.330 )laniaiH |ia 11er^ tiaa wbrfg being a very conductor, and-- will MMPWU ;ag TTE etsatusrvst H«tfSf,Chw(a^ S^ aJrs^ DTOTOd aoaeg-Jo have c^aaar well, Eawrreborn* raaBy semricaUe q^ttude inr i large jaf -AsnccK FoQdW^ would salt tmk for any iimaam/ buawwi aides bBt Mr Bafley has eifltmUy sta^Mice^ HBy ttatiutioeafconrf&ctot;/anjd irSl' with- AitMi in a very abcMS (ine prove- a- rtLls' afaie aemrisitkia to tha» aaeiwi.- • Wo atB Hilia aa il that, wince Mr "flhilnj 1I »II aiimli mil fee iataB^eraal monacal aad wril Hm»u -auuali^H -aa well -aB-iiitlhuaijilalii^fave ymcd-tiae.society. -The^aociety h&e.lieen; jwriffig Steadily. >tfcoogii jjpgtiy, Jfor' pAfe qf ^dhrrt will^ at ao d«tant AHf. Weiat .qyortanity of heariijr tile. reanlttofl tlm care and Attention bestSred upwi 0* Afcaraar for tl^ purpose o£ rauing fnnii it» Iiiafwii atad improve the otowr of ttfa ^ . Stafifonlatire Keof, woa. I t i a ^ a i i M t f 'Hie' ataHa were under tke superintendence- V flMdamee D'Arcy, 8imm«, Moora, -the: WTmi * MHae, Viziers, MHI!oll s*d oQisr*? ;wi«»taB»B workedjnpat aaaiiTiiciniiy..for aom> \-- L - - " " m»mber of ofiweSfcr •Rie -bMa^ Wm t^ened baryFnday ] eveamx by "Mr irfao :1n4ttat ha^uly aUndsd -to-tbe cffitrta«f^ _ the large' number of artidfea ofiered for stating tUat they woaU BOW work as hard, and he hafpdka inn u arfiTly, na jfae dispoBaT of T Bie gjjods aa ttayW JJwnoofymBeitt-iqaiai^'jtbeak^ DqnBKthe. eming Meaacefiag^ Ysn^sad! Potter fh'y^ aeveTiJ Belections of marie, andlfirr. xonng, ofSranidalp/jgave aameof hiibnfteaoagi ingoodaMe. Theretras a wsy fair attendance, a&a; s aatisfactoay ai iiiinil nf liiinini mi wai dime. T&e;:ansnal tea meeting^ theFdeabvtetian Onoxfi^ Miner8rest, waa h«jld. on Friday Thedurch waa pretty decorated S wreaths, andthetabte presented aa- aMnctive Meeaa. /Die ^ladiea who presidopcdttbe taldeawereUesdainesH.'PdraMi Iteuie^t, and Sonter | Mi8ae^ " Brady, .. James {2), Fiaher, Kerr, .audi Mirritf- " At tfu itttwuQent' iBBetiii^, Jtiie. BCTIF.Sooterpreeiding, addresseeweredo-- livmsdbythe Bev. R. Haoffion on " Prosbyteratfmm, the Kev. J. B. Steel on "Thee of the _ crfony." aid Mr James Baord added a few irfotm thennH portanceof training theyenmg in Scriptural knowledge. Daring Ihe evening two-zeadr ina were given by the chuiniiait," and a se&ction; of musiraJ pieces by the choir, raider fee able leadeahip of Mr M'Doaald. MBS Mary Kerr presided at the organ, which had been kindly lent for the occasion hj Miss Xait. ; The usual votes of thanks< having be«i heartily accorded, the pleaaant gathering came to a dose. A bowling match WM ^ftsy&A; sotiic BoiuQ* yong green on Saturday, between the Boninyonr and Ijeannonth dirbB, -wiuch reanlted; ^ a decided ^ victory, for " Ye ancient vfl.- lagers." The^reenwas in excellent osdferv. and a most enjoyable same was played; , the weathearfor the nonce being eapenaUyfavor* able.. The admirable accommodation on the green, in the way of housing, was taken: ad>vantage of in providing an excellent: semi al freaeo luncheon for the players, prior to the opening of the game. Host Helbeii of the Crown hotel, purveyed for the-occa~ sion, in a very creditable manner. -A threeand-a-half-hours' game was played; at the dose of which it stood aa follow*;—No. 1 rink, Bnninyong—Da vies, G. Whjpi Walker. Kelsall (captain)—34. Leaimonth^- Stewart, Spiers, Henry, M*Cubbiii (ct^toin) —18. No. 2 rink;—Bnninyong—M'DraiaLd, Innes, Scott, W. Whykes (ca^aui)r-%. Learmonth—Qninlivan, M 'Kenffle, Bass, Bain (captain)—24. No. 3 rinki—Btorinyong—Fowler, Tomer, Harvey, Hedrick (captain)—42. Learmonth—Foot, Gildow, Findlay, Baird (captain)—18. Total— Bnninyong, 108; Learmonth, 60. Minority for Bnninyong, 48. The healths of the respective presidents were then drunk, and duly responded to, after which the visitor* deputed, apparently accepting their defeat in tiie best of good humor. There was a blank charge- sheet at both police courts on Saturday—an unusual occurrence for some time past. Quite an epidemic of letter-writing broke out in Ballarat West yesterday and Saturday, resulting in about fifty of these communications their way to this office. Two or three of these letters we insert today, and the rest will be published as room can be found for them. * The usual "breaking-np" of his juvenile classes was held by Mr L. R. Llewellyn at the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Friday night, when abont eighty of his young pupils were present, and took part in the dances, and their clever little performances were witnessed by about 150 ladies and gentlemen, most of whom had more than a passing interest in some or other of the tiny dancers: Besides the usual set andronnddances hompipe^md the Cacbuca, and danced them exceedingly well, too. Misses Fleaeltanb, O'FaiTeli, Phillips, Cowan, Machefer, and Nichols; "and Masters Fitzpatrick, Gant, Flegeltaub, J. Smith, Jacobs, Betallack, -and- Wilson danced the hornpipe, and Misses Jones, Claxton, Davis, Thomas, Cowan, and R. Tince danced the Cachnca, as did also Misses Miller, Ince, Fraser, Flegeltanb, Wilson, and S. Davis. The little people entered very spiritedly into the huge business o£ being merry, and the evening passed very pleasantly. This is the last of these affairs that wifi take place under the management of Mr Llewellyn, as he is now relinquishing his dancing classes, and intends confining his tuition to music teaching in future. It is the intention of the workmen in the Washington Freehold Company's claim to hold a picnic abont Christmas, and to present their mining manager, Mr W. Barton, with, a valuable gold watch and chain, in testimony of their respect. The watch, which is one of Rotherhams' best make, has been procured from Mr W. Bennett, Bridge street, and the inner case bears the following inscription" Presented to Mr W. Barton, mining manager Washington Q. G. M. Co., Ballarat, "Victoria, by the workmen, with albert chain and locket, as a mark of esteem. 24th December, 1880." The chain and locket are beautiful specimens of the goldanithi art, and tfce whole forms a very handsome gift. The managers of theChrksdale and Lynch field common held a minting at Maher's hotel, Beringa, recently, and took into consideration the huge amount doe for depasturing fees, when it- was resolved to •nmmrni all defaulters without delay. At the operative bakers' preliminary meeting, held at Ihe Buck's Head hotel on Saturday last,-it was resolved to .form an association to further the day-woA movement The meeting was then adjoomed till Saturday, the 16th instant. Mr M. Bade, the Iocs] agent for the Sand hurst Masonic Art-union, informs HE. that he has sold a large number of tickets in the above art-union within the.last fewweeks, and it is now almost certain that the drawing will take place on the 21st of January next "The "Peel Street Mutual Improvement Association held its weekly meeting last Friday evening. In - the ahsonce of tbe president and vice-president, Mr A. Brown iedthe chair. There Were HSirty-five ers present, and to new members were elected. Mr G W. TJpbain gjive an excellent essay on "The press." Several members criticised the eonposfifca and adiveiy. -'Phis, as well as'aS previous essays given by members of tie society, was tbe first attempt, and as such wis — ' encouraging, it was decided, asa-" 1 a i^nai^aJ and elocutionary enUalaiuinent be given nest Friday evening. Ftetfcriais wfll appear in Friday s CoKrirr. Tbe following gentlemen have been ap pointed to the comcuBsion of the peace;— Central bailiwick—Al Webster, Melboorne; W. A. Douglas, Oaulfield. Eastern faaihwick—W. S. Boss, Coongulmerang. Midland bailiwick—EL Bitaiie, DnnoUy; J. P. Couth, Temck Twri(k; A M*IKHisid, Swan HUl; T. 8. G£baan, Sandhurst, Northem.bailiwick I —A; \- * " Ta>«lk; M'.Kaoae; W. l>ddRik Benatla. 8iN∾>Uiwi<ie -J. v :«ant Mnmt Kami; X 8myth»'dAf B. n»v<x, . GeeJoarf C, B^iff^^m'. (hdit; Umn, yhiii^B, E. F. Huigbee, UleasatB, Lqwao; W. B- Lloyd (fam^aiolmcf Ihe peace wtafeia~bMjiwick), Oe^ -OUWm^fMW -ceSerad at the Bifhcat Beneeelrnt hutwmic, 370 woe IMITII N . ^ weekly Mseting-sf title Brown jjSi sjobuj tbnrovHka'Ot Aa^dation n Wednesday IaM(thepreddeut m the chair. , A debate, "B^Uie rersw MBBahJiy.t warf Ike Wiyimii ior theerecMfcadme good «Hwrrra lafi^ aiailt : 7he r MWing u the nettae-paperJSjcthe mBBOSag -ef tte Orphan Ar^inm ooMtee av ' enmag;Sio»* •omniiiWri'a *o««.—By Tbataoy alteatKiiaaatChv Breaent i>y-l»*» or any «BW *T=Bw-ewlrlm«ht forwardSbt themiiwl "" ^ -Byg.rn in to the comnrittee at leoat Alteration ornc* •ff4ofaaadvera«>d iftth theadt ... ^ .. -• gtheMiiinallli •• liiif,'.' ; ' 3><wigilfcggt WuO. 143 tata^ and treated at ttt-Ballarat: h P«: , tbe Gds(iiti»'cn Fri JadMbig 2i«2 onfinan " W aad-175*>wieoel- : ^a- BiaaaiQn'io^iUa'a action-in dinting li» Miiab^ n t -(aanps Agi ), ammly ^^-r-ttJ npiai mt Bacchus TITn Mil on Bndayy -fTliial iiaT^.iiailiiiii "Tin 5B<>teciiwa»>iiKe63a™ljEaiguBinteiid»««i- Si8fer1i«DwaWac " Anenfing Xaaol Act intrbSncriiby Mfc-EidamSajn wm arcolated (sayg: Oe It propoees to-iunlim tfae f^eaenb act, iriiich expires km the 3Ut D«oeiaber, £ar asatber year. The difficaUy whiyii Jhaia Bees' experienced in brio^g vmder the «mebdikg-acftltf p.87»3aaJaa iWnsTt witfa. It ia provided t^iat jffheatjmdinptim' ia made to 'bring, the I rail nndexriS-Moeadins act "the morteafe^a _ accompany such aga 1 Gatfeereoeipt of snch applicatico laadeg.'tiia. Governor in Couiicil DU^J a ««fc. aHmaliiat. accordingly, anfl ths< jjaanflidmailt cauauttae-fact anrh alteration maicke to be endorsed on the: sate original lease." The' lease ! >III i iiiliniai » w transmitted to the lago&ar; altitlaa> tte difficulty which ^numrrisamfidb^the fact that the original jease-Kad; tO/.S* engendered, adft- the mortgjgfjr t^nylnrt frr.r time his, security, win, : it-jrJfealieeai, U surmounted by. tins pro- . •viaiott." "WSen "" a ' lease is mortgaged — "the **" .(Sowngiaat nrtKn-iHued will be sabject to ; etnng^ ^emarks the Melboorne obrresfandtefeiftke BtmulUn Spectator) that the J)Geaeaaor o£ £300,000 dunld neglect to make each has been ihe case with the late MrBaghett. I suppose it must he pat down to, the effect politics is said to have in ba«Aming;» vmrnnaAi mind that the Treasurer is iamwu-tahave congratulated himself the other dajr a^xxn the opportune coming in just at the pieaemt of the £30,000 probate duty; while- another well-known radical legislator .did nub. ample in the hearing of at least a -|.-dDmi ^fisont to aay that he " wished »£e»" more<3fc tie same sort would drop of£ as it wouhthoth recoup the revenue and bunt op the Urgi estates/ " j WftJi rsference (says the Herald] to the charge^ heresy about to be preferred against Charles Strong, we leam thatthe nay. Mritenan was most anxious to at once meethas accuser;he" was eventually persuaded to give a promise to leave the matter in the hands of his friends.. This promise he Bm^ iES3et reluctantly. If it was desired so to do, tbe matter could, under the laws and ordinances of the church, be hung up for some years, bat this will not done. The Rev. Mr Sba^s friends are satisfied that np charge of heresy can be sustained against him in connection with his article on the Atonement Bat some of the more timid fear that if he went into the defence himself, he would step ever the line which some of the more narrowminded of the Presbyterian elders and divines regard as orthodox. Under the of " A Strange Freak,' the doings of a semi- lunatic named Stone have been lately referred to. They were in connection with an absurd charge of lunacy preferred by Stone against an official of the Omnibus Company, and aa ofierof £1000made to Miss Pomeroy to perform for a month in a Jay of Stone's writing. Tie Argiu now earns of another of Stone's freaks which, as it caused trouble and expense to others, may be mentioned as a warning to the public. Stone, it appears, recently agreed to purchase of Mr Pepper the mechanical appliances for producing the " ghost" illusion. A price was agreed upon, and formal legal documents drawn up. A further sum of £500 was afterwards agreed upon.forincludingNew Zealand among the "rights" to which the sale extended. Money promises seemed no obect with Stone in his dealings with Mr Pepper any more than in those with Miss Pomeroy. When it came to the actual payment, however, the solicitor who acted for the parties was startled at hearing from Stone that the forthcoming funds depended in his getting discount&l; an acceptance of i Excellency the Governor for £3000. Hie .completion of the matter waited this event, and the next occurrence was a call upon the solicitor by a broker who had been applied to by Stone to undertake the intended discounting business. Surprised at being made a reference in such a matter, the whole business was by the man of law ex- ' >lained to the broker, and nothing moce has Men seen of Stone in connection witii it Mr Pepper is thus left to pay a little bill of costs for thus dealing with a half madman. We find the following in the JHponshire Advocate of last Satun&j;:—"On Tuesday last, the manager of the Hobart Pasha Com pany, at Waterloo, sent into Beaufort for police protection, owing to_ the unruly conduct of the miners engaged in the mine. The company has called for tenders for trucking and braoe-work, and this has apparently exasperated some of the men working in the mine. Constable Love was at once despatched to the scene, and his presence had the effect of preventing anything further than loud talk." The Railway department (says the Argus) have notified the Colac regatta committee that all crewB entered for the regatta can travel to and from Colac-at excursion hires between Saturday, 11th December, and Saturday, 18th December. There is nothing new (says the Herald} in regard to the steamship Sorata. The remainder of the cargo, consisting of .heavy cases of ironware and "tin roofing, is now being discharged As speedily as possible. The survey of the vessel will not be commenced till the whole of the cargo is out, probably on Tuesdaynext The stationmaster of the Yarravflle station (says the Age) has been suspended, and called upon to show canse ^vtyV diould "not be dismissed consequent *on recent proceedings at the Footscray police court. It is probable the porter of the same station will also be. called to account. The Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator writes :—"Not a word, about the £5000 worth of gold that went a" missing so mysteriously. The police, it is. whispered, -will, bwrever, ehortfy have a o«se against certain persons who are being allowed at present to remain unarrested (but under surveillance) in kopes that tie gold majM* explanation of tfae mystery, I amderstand, is that the missing box ol gold never Irft Oe port of shipment at all, hot; w»t nua^ulated on the way to tte- steamer s tazarette, after the bank cleHt had daly deireered it and obtained his receipt." It ia reported: (says the TieJ^nq*) that y grog-sdSng "n extesaive scale, is carried on amongpt the navvies enpged in constmctieg tile new line of railway to LancefieUL. The Bfpmuhin Advocate says that tte croos emeaavm that district will be ii^t S ^ I ^ A t Stockyard HOI and M^e Creek tiiete -are Bome exceptionally good crops, but, taken, as a whote tte it. will not be so productive astnat ol last year. As to the faut crop, itis a decided failure. •The lie annexed paragraph appeared inji»e lMFt ISJ Bsne of the Ovens caxd Mttrray Aartr- (^.-—"Tbefwom dr-claratiou John James ShOTiitfc, which eor.tained reflodaons npon the condnct of certain memberB o! the ponce farce, has; Wn t5-.e subject o£ madi comment and aome of ^;atrianftntaoontah»d^^ havebeentravi i tWdnm. ^ » mm "Soa. toaay tin- least <i it!. A? 1 * ai&n.;>t u d J l " , . ^ •cdWctioo ' fey hnn af i X ^ I tte gfiienrmo n> Mr Jtotui Cootne; heriam™. sftScWte the^Eit^S^ ^ ^ Moms i. Qw sad |>. A* MSisfas* trains. evening: otttt- MSsr "IITIIIII*"? HMahariB«Hi»nefilitfeliai^rsg! r^ mag ^tWidh^oMBrti^igk^S* -eea.fullW aatted to he^ Beyond J the ap<«»*ai ^oorik tMaoBO^SaS:^ Om adrertj.Bay q.haBn, roetain^^. f "["'Mttrl ' c ya^C aong,rttt *' life'«» Acadia^wanihi^aH^musMcWrtre^in;^', laiat tfcuniie tlinumaliiamaamjj.^— a» oniaajoiuit^of 'tifc^igfat, .llwea^S 1 ; programme, and the-ltilitot tttoetiEeed!' therewtm.40 be aoMfetatteidW^l; may I usscuiul^Brniim/m, aiBtStai^ An i aBll Kim I' ait: aid' od At; Lbdi nxan, SUknook, on A:- iniaria^.' to unap fog.; a» Will be ha(i£a lln Tifmllaai ii Tii^tliliiHi tlui evening, at aighto'ciooifc- -; We tanntfuemtM to cattth* ^ttkntiaa gf neaibera et.the Ballaa*- Diatriat': Garia- Ptntectainci 8ocjaty;t6.»- meetmetobeJiM «v«Q«|a the^MecfcS^a^fato,, ito'-dodL... pmBmaaneyfahf. T<g a iiJ.KlbjTfai. palnmnslhsiaaoiaiing. . i&anit;^geime takm «a.ewn*s,.rangi«B fsonr W-sovnW _t®j5. . NaaButisns-:fer-ifca~lAUtf SSlk. Turf-Clnb Handioap, the Hwdiott HtB&, Base,-aBd Hit New Year'sCift at Hagsjr'a UaK^. Doveton street,. BaUaot, noti later Ou.: Monday, tiio-SOticiastast. The-handnpa. will bep«biisiiea<m.-tiie45lh, andithe 1 nriaylim iin•roll.be raeecracltua to, the'30ihi Ai tea and pablic meetina;in'aid;o£ the PaettHaiAiiSocietywiU.be^eidartHaddfm to-morrow evening. The. Ban.W..Header, son wrtl lfntare during.the eaeaiig, anditin- Bev. . Mr Badeliffe preside. . There will alasbe nngng ^r St; AndrsK^oKmr. 33»«HBnai installation' in^eaneetien-witti the Grien. Masonic Lodge, UE3 B.C., win. take plaae-in the Orchestral BbU, Q»vetoB: Btreet^ thia evening, at aeverc. o'clodL A banqnettnffl follow at nine. . A. mwiting. of the.- members* of the: late Mechanics' Ixistitute Vocal: Soriity. will; be held im the Mechanios! Institute tMnomnr evemiag: at eight o'clock, to amnge. for a so<*ial jmrnion. A .tonmeeting will takc plaae this evening in the- Primitive ilethodut: Church, Eyre street,.to be followed:by a jraMic tneeting,at whioh;addre8ses will be- deuxered by sevetal clereynen, and choioe adBstions. o£. mnaicrendeBed by the chtrir. At the Primitive Methodist Sunday-school* Sobaetopol, this evening, there will be a tab meetng at six. o'clock, and.mnncal.festual.at hsl&past; seven.. Addresafis will also, be delivered at intervals by ministera and fri«nil«. 