LOHD BEACOMSEIELB'S GHOST LY ROMAN. ? When the Earl of Beacon sfieltl playfully conjured up at the festive board of the Lord Mayor the eloquent Roman who proclaimed the policy of Imperial Rome m his day to be that of Imperinm et Liberia s, the noble magician coukl hare hardly conjectured that he had raised a moat embarrassing ghost. the phrase was so happy a one — seemed to be so peculiarly descriptive of the Tory policy | of the Government, as far as its friends affirm that policy to be one of mingled passion for empire and for freedom — that it equally delighted the supporters and maddened the opponents of the Adminis tration. As far as the former were con cerned, they accepted the noble [Roman as a powerful rhetorical supporter — more eloquent from his classic grave in defence of the foreign and domestic policy of Lord Beaeonsfield than any living man. But the latter immediately with angry denunciations questioned the very exist ence of tho .'Roman, in question — de manded that his name should be given — and the place and time specified at which . he made his famous speech. Lord Bea eonsfield has treated the vituperation and * «I 0 1* ? ' I ' ? ? ?iV the literary curiosity 01 nis critics wuu equal contempt. He has not condescended to give any information whatever con cerning the great Roman, save that which he vouchsafed to the guests at the G uild Hall. Like a much humbler but not less mysterious premier who was asked about a phantom body- guard of six hundred ' men, who were in imagination supposed to form an escort of a royal prince, and of whose march not a trace could ever be discovered, Lord Beaeonsfield will make no revelations. And forthwith a pack of more or less trained critics is let loose to hunt up any traces of this historic character. It is singular how little they have ascertained ; and, in all proba bility, how much they have been at fault in their speculations. That no puch words were ever spoken as those which Lord Beaeonsfield used, ? under the . circumstances which he de scribed, is perhaps conclusively shown. Nq trace of the speaking Roman is . discoverable. But, the phrase of Lord beaeonsfield has been found in Bacon, and was supposed to have been taken by Lord Beaeonsfield from the ' Advance ment of Learning.' A communication under a well-known signature in Wed nesday's Herald throws very considerable doubt upon this supposition, aud suggests, in our judgment, a more probable source in the political compositions of Lord Bacon, where the historic allusion is employed in the same way as that in which Lord Beaeonsfield himself uses it. But, apart from the literary aspect of the question, which is only of interest to us because Sir James Martin had antici pated the employment of the phrase under precisely similar circumstances fiveand twenty years ago, what a lurid light is thrown by the intense bitterness of the criticism of Lord Beaeonsfield upon the present condition of politics in England ! The leader of the Government — the head of a great party — the author of a thousand brilliant speeches and sparkling sayings, reproduces with singular felicity words which have been enshrined in some of the masterpieces of human composition, and either forgets the asso ciations connected with their use, or, for the purpose of immediate oratorical effect, puts the language in a dramatic form ; and, forthwith, he is denounced as if he had been the mean inventor of a trick upon the credulity and ignorance of his hearers. We could hardly in this country emulate such 'political rabies.' 