The Terowie Railway. WE understand that it is not now likely that the Terowie Railway will be opened until after harvest owing to defects in the girders over some small bridges, and should this prove to be the intention of the Government we antici- pate that an agitation will at once com- mence in the districts concerned to force the opening at an earlier date. It is simply monstrous that now that the rails are laid, and the line in a suffi- ciently forward state to allow of trains running through as they have done for some time past, the farmers should be obliged for another season to cart their wheat with the railway lying idle and unremunerative alongside the road. The farmers in the Hundreds of Whyte, Anne, Wonna, Terowie, Gumbowie, and others adjacent, have good ground for complaint in the uncertainty that now exists, which makes it still im- possible for them to conclude any arrangements as to their produce, and we shall be very much surprised if they do not at once awake to the danger of having to cart their wheat as in the past, and if they do not also, through their representatives, who in view of the elections if for no other reason will work for them, or by means of deputa- tions, urge the Government to at once open the line at least for heavy traffic or at once to push on the necessary work to enable this to be done by the commencement of the year. The new sliding scale of charges for wheat will not be of much use if those who would have used the longest lines are not allowed to do so. We hope we have said enough, to set a good strong move- ment agoing which shall result in a speedy opening. AUCTION SALES.—We would call the atten- tion of our readers to the long list of auction sales appearing elsewhere. BURRA HOSPITAL.—Number of patients admitted during the past week, 5 ; dis- charged, 7 ; died, 1 ; now in Hospital, 22. ACCIDENT.—A man named Murphy, fell yesterday from the roof of the Burra Hotel, where he was doing some repairs, and broke his arm. Erbxtttm. — In our corporation report la- t week, the osxae of Gr. Lewis 'Was inadver tently giyenjinstead of that of Cc Bidgvay as one of those retiring 'on December 1. Mn»LAKD Boad Boabd. — fhe Midland Eoad Board held fin nsual monthly meeting on Tuesday last at Biverton: : , A repoft of the business transacted ap^«ars elsewhere. AIc^rcipAi. ;Etic¥ipys'.— ihe nominatjona to fill corporate offices for the ensuing year, will bejdeclared on Mt-nd»y jiext »t noon. The burgess rolls are to' be revised on Wed nesday at noon. A large number of ebjcc« tiatt^ ^are been lodged, y ?. . . r ? . .. - The I^KaNATioXAi Boat , Back. -r-,Tho International Boat Bace -has ht-enr~wdn, so the telegrams inform ns, by Hahlonlwno beat .Trickett easily. . The Canadian has thus be come champion of the world. ? ' - ; . The Coming General Eiection. — We understand ihst, in additioa tor the jpresent members, Messrs. C K. Goode, of Saddle worth, and McLean,. of North-West Bend, are likely to be. candidates for the representa tion of the Burra District in Parliament. The Chops. —It As pleasing to know' that while, in- very many. places ..the -promise of harvest is Tery^djsconragingvTBid red rust is fearfully prevalent, ihe crops in Baldina. and in most jDtner parts or tiie^afSeni plains are looking 'eplenaid,' and owrieri are anticipat ing shortly to reap, an. excellent. xptoxn for their labor.' --.?.. . . ?; The late M^ W. Qcrs.— We regret to liave to record, the .death, of Mr. W. -Quin, who for many years represented the Port District, In the interests of the working men, in. the Assembly. Mr. Quin lately, resigntd his seat and took a trip for the benefit of his health, but has joined the great majority. New Wheat.— Mr. J. Roach, of Aberdeen has purchased the first load of taeW'jffbeat, It came from Baldina, 'from the farm of^Mr. ?,C. Frost, and though very slightly damaged by rust, the crop, which was a small piece only, averaged twenty bushels per Acre. No doubt, the eastern wheat viU soon] begin to pour in now, as the crops are fast ripening, and the reapers will soon be every where at work. Mr. Frost has 120 acres more, which will only average ten Jboshels being more rusty. New Carrying Firm. — In another column we notify the arrangements now made by Messrs. Treleaven & Terrell to continue and extend the business hitherto done by the South Australian Carrying Company. Mr. Treleaven is well known, as having great ex perience in the carrying business, Mr. Ter rell is equally well known at Port Pirie, and Mr. C. W. Brown who is an old favorite with business men of this district will continue, as a member of the new firm to superintend the work at the Burra Station. Pbof^bsob ' ^PEPJnm. ^-Wcate informed that Professor Pepper, who lias been delight ing Adelaide audiences £or some time past by bis popular science entertainments and illu sions, will shortly pay Burra a visit so as to afford residents an opportunity of sharing in the treat. Should the capacity of the uall prove sufficient; the professor will give his ghost entertainment. As a very large quan tity of apparatus is carried about by Mr. Pepper he wfll be able to give very extensive and varied experiments. .- «; Bkdbuth Band of Hope. — On Tuesday evening, 16th inst., the fiedruth Baid of Hope opened a branch at Copperhouse ; about twenty -members, from Redruth (in cluding -the Burra Brass- Band, who nudeted enlivening music on the road and at the ter minus), attended at the Wesleyan Chapel at Copperhouse, where they found a consider* able number of the good people of tiie latter place present. Mr. J. Jones presided at the meeting, and Mr. Goss, sen. gave an address, expressing liis pleasure at seeing tbe branch, etarted and wishing it every success. Recita tions-were given, by Messrs. M. Uoorhouse, T. Niven, D. Bald, L. Jones, and J. Jones, and a reading by Mr. I. W. Goss. The ban. ner of the old Gopperhonse Band of Hope, dated 1865. which decorated the walL waa noticed with interest. The Secretary (Mr. E. Sara) made himself useful, securing four teen signatures to the pledge book. It is in tended to hold these meetings at Copperhouse every four weeks. Wesletak Foreigx Missions. — The Eev. B. Chapman, General Secretary to tbe' Aus tralasian Wesleyan Methodist Miminnfr is at present on a visit to this eolony to advocate the claims of the 'mission funds in tbe various churches. On Sunday last lie-ppeadied in the morning at Bedrath Wesleyan Cbarcb, in the afternoon he give' 'an interesting account of the Chinese Mtswons^tio the child ren of the Kooringa Wesleyan Sunday School, and in tbe evening preached fat- tfae Kooringa Wesleyan Church. Missionary meetangs have also been held at the various chapels m the circuit on the evenings of thepaafc -week. On Wednesday at K6brmga~ thefiev. gentle man snake of the ceneral naeiiaon of file mission in the South Seas,- ana said that in the past, although the Management A the Wesleyan Mission throughout the South Seas, and the Chinese Missions in Victoria had been under . the control and can of the Australasian Conference, yet any defi- ciency in the funds had been made up by the English Conference. They in England, how- ever, now found that with wider fields open- ing to them in India and Africa and also in Roman Catholic countries in Europe, they could not continue to assist these coldnles in a work which they should be prepared.to do themselves. ' This decision would neossstate farther efforts to aid the funds for the work could not, consistently with efficiency and in view of its importance, be done more cheaply thanit was done. Mr. Chapman referred tothe report which bad been read by the Bev. J. Bickford at the cbmmcement of the meeting and proceeded to shew, in a very interesting and matter-of-fact speech, tbe thoroughness of tiie work being done, instancing Fiji and indicating how ten missionaries in those is lands alone, by the aid of native teachers of integrity and proved Christian cbantt»r. and by methodical arraagemeats, tfere able to supervise regular services in 817 chapels and 391 preaching places ; 28,712 members meet- ing in class and 100,385 regular attendants in public worship. He read a translation of the minutes of a meeting of native teachers in one subdivision of one olJthe.^rcuits of Fiji, and it shewed great thoroughness of work and great success as followingthe work. The Friendly islands were also referred to where the success of the missionaries was characterised as being "unprecedented since apostolic times." 