talis & sketches r'TTTE CAPTAIN'S TAJBN. Th» following; story woj related to me, »moBg» nwy othora, .while -crniaing abeut amidst the,i numerous groups of ialands neat tersd eoprofosely in our southern sea*. It was tbsn, ■Hli f'Oi aoft balmy breezes blowing ufluod o», oloudlaas skies overhead, and the thermometer tanning too high Sot anok work to bo going forward, that our worthy master it»tabing:.himaoif under the poop awning, would opeivright willingly, hia roportoiro of Iong tgo stories, lor the benefit of me, his soli, tory psMOTgcr. 3?or him one. word of descrip tion will saffiosjJndeed. that is almost sapor., flttons, «a the events ho related had mostly oo correiin the long forgotten past when his ap peuince muat havo differed very -materially, from thBt;Wh|oh bo bore at,tho time of my nc qnjiotsDoe irilh him. • . ' ' A/iwisan-Jwrut, ..weather-beaten xnnn. Beared from his infanoy, almost, on board ship be had.served in all capacities and on all seas' tilUtliuWio had reached: the goat of his modest hopes, and stood master of a little trad Ian barque. Eity it is that this raos of men such true types of old-fashioned Britons, should be doomed to-extinption, as doomed they cer tainly are at no distant date; the oli-perrail-. fug steamers absorbing daily moro and more of their .employment; aud.ousting them gradually from all participation in tho.coastine trade. Butto our.talo, whichwo will jfivo after tho uliipiwr's own, fashion,only eliminating such ox. preeaons as might be too nautioally obscure for (he'ordinary reader:— :/ i bent on a long voyage to which J felt tho;more inclined by tho some whatnijSBtjifaotory state of my homo affairs, I shipped .aboard the Henry Clay, fall rigged ihip, boaad ont of Liverpool, to Bombay, and laden jfith a cargo of. coals. I may tell yo I »u at that time before tho mast, as reokless a jonng dogajwas to be found among the entiio crew, ani a nice rowdy lot they were, half of ttea,, as .was usual- in£njfliah ships, being loicignea,. Among the latter, wis one Peter «ra, a German, and a quiet civil-spoken chap Jtot»hm™rt£«! ?'5ar J'Mfcs 08 weU 88» Ba ohman, (by the way all foreigners are dubbed Dutchmen., _by. aailora), could expect to. It SSm r ^ ereatly smi'tan by the charms of,some girl he had picked up with tthon, 8B4.be.lost no time in making tho fact sppareijt.by; his conduct on board ship. Ho Ztf nn1n°&Wg;?18 at PartinP. and worked him ° maU.dlin »riof efficiently °°m«? below after hi, h®twocld Bmt down along. lids hi|,cliest and, nttsrly disrogardinir all an to aP°Bttophise a lock fehiCb£8 Hpt in an e««l<>Pe « tho till ^ter following fa«hion: "Oh1 mela,Qott,«ein.Engleesh fceo/ie, how I loves 8»ot—how you vassonice," 1 NoirJ'gj:X,Mtnarke3 before, this was at first Sd^it'g?,'bat when k oamB t0 te re. Rffe never-varying manner, and • np tor anhalf an hour at a time it i-re-a, tob/MdW^6°0lW,'fk8aadIdotan^ed ?om? P'J"» <o put an end to 1 5S«wi*~^AriS!S vl ?"v was to jamove the lovelocks of tie Su?&yh;? °?re t,ian Ukel}r bad IaaS "'«?P^ violation for her bereavo. Pmld& Vd t BOm?^bor Bfft-bearted and EfiK t0 snbB'"«'a for them the i tttlailv fndcut ♦ Profanity aa we expected, he S offiuld^Ctvth?triok' « W. ^ obvious conclusion that i superstitions «t it in M.nK dlrflotlon. and aftor looking S-wid?a,T?rnt/or a {ev minutcB 'lri?kra™cenL. «ta-nd m?a.ned in ho»OT ■ fftf come to Liwii ?°In ffott lm Himmel, vat «lUonx(L vaa X ^°lPefUtlfal hair vat Ta« aeinCr l^ r vg,° Sh.0I't9- ^ch! I know, fteij^Ja^'v.1^'®'•• gono dead. I00 nook, and the ^ extreme softness was P«t«dthi8 outb ,r,fTr 0f, Uu8hter tow! of,^/S^',wa» 9fir equalled by tho . hZ%Sh?Feteriea- whon i"> "t wek,iBwhidUb?^„kfcc?'?Prehen<i a phjed' upon Mm p J a ^and» waa »««'oooumermuW?°\, t.ho oflonders •ad it was oomnAiiS ,. m "Main vongoanco, might °WaU0W hia wralh u ^>n"*e?t()drnritv!ftt th,omalter«^ou!dharo ^;^or^&fh;'r\bat a,uoh waa tho jwi out of a«aion till Pw P® *Jpon,in 60afon Jorden toiim Kt »«i «"V8 becamo a ' if!',—till at las? 0 ft0 BCTOr-onding ^nnlyiny,"4„ 8Jr?w "u'ky and became '"fmtnw'of hi, auti and ®areIeM in the per. •entonqntji orJO j '"tato of thiugs '°ked beyond rn i, ' ( skippor, being pro Hi- *cmo «or° Moi(q0etlM wy, .s . '' thing of tho utmost 5»meron9;>, .10 l°th(> neighbourhood of tho •"d dtovo him , "or0 lie would diHrato him, ;P'^-coranel|i„„ u• T"T ,ours03 "ai a fow ,(f°m ^ "hod. JTelbourn6 jnilj ^ lo°Hng as gloomy as * word went i,.!?' • .Wl"'0n- vouchsafing 8trai^t awav pi °S "Mduddsr^ B.1ttT0> &0-. flD" bond a8to"ia!lmc'>t of Oh hia such unusual ondca U.v*1""1 theno hia ll^T i"0 " commont. V the light of aft«t U"U camo«"• viewed tt;^c*NWin«Iy. °Venta lll,y "Mmoa tho came to bo called ''PPWod, however thif 1° apP0"r«nco- It was rAet0 and littil, ^ua sulking somo w*.^WBiinitJ thought of it. Putohy " aUha^^0 witI,0ut any B'8nB of ' ftanda wero mueterod nod a tig. oroua searoh instituted, but with no suooeis. Conjectures of all sorts were hazarded; the general feeling being that the missing man. soured by the constant derision of bis mates— and that jt was constant and most unmerciful I, and I think several othersf now remembered with regret—and driven to desperation by the. skipper's abuse, had'' bogied," or,. asa lands- ■ man would say, j umped overboard; theonly won der being why he should have gone to such trouble in dressing hinisolf so carefully if such was his intention. Ah explanation of this diffi. culty was soon offered by a Hibernian member of the crew as follows: " Shuro thin, wasn't it quite nathural a man would be drissin himself in his best, when he was going to meet his own father." Thus imputing to poor Petersen a more Setuoia origin than was quite justifiable. Ever since leaving port we had been lucky enough to have very fine woather, in consequence of which the fore-hatoh had been loft off, and it was suggested that he might be down among tho'cargo ; but this idea obtained no support, as it was thought that no man would subject himself to such misory of his own accord; and as day succeeded day without his re appearance we became confirmed in our original idea, that he had jumped .overboard, and at last the nine day's wonder was rologated to the limbo of for. gotten ovonts. 1 But it was not destined to remain long in abeyance, for suddenly a new start was given to the subject, in this wise : It appeared that the cook had as usual gone down the foro-peak to fetch up some coal for tho galley fire. . On this oocaeion ' howover, ho was - observed to return in an abnormally short time; for I may say in passing that nativity was not a promin ent feature in the character of this professor of the culinary art, and no sooner, did h'e.reach the deck than he dropped his bucket which he had not waited to fill, and fainted right away. He ; was carried aft to the cabin, and the cap tain exerted all his skill to restore him, but he contiuued to pass from one fit into another, uttering the while most piercing shrieks and exhibiting symptoms of tho most extreme teiTor, hut at last success smiled on the efferta of our marine iEiculapius and consciousness re turned, bnt with it no abatement of his fright. With fear and trembling, and many hidings of his face, he at length stammered out that, while below- in tho hold, he had felt something brash past bim, and on looking up ho bad distinctly seen the ghost of the departed Petersen. The skipper tried; by alternate ridicule and bullying, to persuade him of the absurdity of sush an idea, hut anyone who is acquainted with the superstitious nature of sailors—even • in these modern times when it has become the fashion ashore to sneer at every thing of a'spiritualnature—will readily believe that bis efforts met with little success. At last it occurred to tbo mate that it was just within the bounds of possibility that Petersen himself might be skulking between decks, and he determined to set aU'donbts at rest by having a thorough search, as it was desirable to get rid of the uncomfortable feeling whioh had been provoked by the coots statement. So a party with the mate at their -head went below and found on careful examina tion that the trimmers while stowing the cargo had left a apaae underneath the projecting gallery, whioh, if carried across, would have formed the main deck, bnt whioh in the present instance had been discontinued a few feet from the ship's eido as is the case in all vessels in tended to carry bulky cargoes. Instead of trim ming the coals np underneath these planks as they ought to have done, they had simply let the coalB settle down of their own accord, whioh oarotessnesa hadresulted in a tunnel heing left running fore and aft between the coal and the ship's akin having ingress into the forehold and aft into the lazaretto where the stores were kopt. ' On this discovery being made, the mate at once camo to the conclusion that it was Petersen in the flesh that had frightened the cook, and that ho wonld be found in the tunnel be- ] fore mentioned. He therefore hailed him loudly hut without result. It was then pro- I posed that some one should get iuto the tunnel and see for certain whether it was ocoupied or i not. This proposal was greeted with acclama tion, bnt when the question arose as to who | should be the man, they rather went back on j the idea, some alleging that were Petersen there he might do mischief to anyone disturbing j him and have his knife into him before the J man was aware of his proximity, whioh was j true enough ; but I rather inoline to think it I was not the stab from mortal man they, feared, for to all outward perils there were men among us impervious to fear, but who re coiled in dismay from the possibility of an encounter with a returned inhabitant of another world. Themate, however, was a man of resource, and' swearing that he- would have Petersen out at all hazards, he called us upon deck and soon had the Bpanker-boom unshipped and hsndtd below, and it wag " yo heave ho 1 lads, run her in," and the huge beam of 30 feet in length was run into the cavity. If Petorsen was thoro, however, ho conld have heard all our preparations, and would no doubt have re treatod as far forward as possible ; anyway, all our offorts did not succeed in dislodging him, and hcartly sick of Petersen and all belonging to him, tho soaroh was abandoned. This lack of success only confirmed the cook in his belief [ ostothonon-humannatureofhisapparition,and i to toll tho truth ho did not stand alone in his opinion, though no ono openly supported him as ho was not in good odour among tho crew, owing to repeated complaints whioh he had been making of late, as to certain stores which ho declared hnd disappeared from time to time. Indeed he had been at no pains to oonoesl his Bnspioion that thoy wero stolen by eomo of tho crow, au insinuation which they on their port strongly resented. Tho cook bad on several ! occasions kept watch for the delinquent in tho lazaretto, but had never been able to detect him. As wo wore now getting into the higher latitudes where bad weather was to be expected, tho hatches were put on and our hoavy canvas I bent, instead of the lightor sails that had aervod us during the fine summer weather. Nono too soon wore these preparations made, for while rounding tho Capo of Storms several I severe galos wore encountered, and oil our attention whilo not engaged in working .the ship was .demanded by the important but at-, most impossible dnty of trying to keep a few. rags dry foran occasional change. / On the.least, abatement of the heavy weather and the most Hooting gleam of sunshine all bauds might be soon swarming. up, the rigging to. hang out their motly garments^ so that' perchance they might be dried,—till the skipper swore the ship looked more like a second-hand clothes shop in the "Minories" than a decent trading vessel. Little does a landsman know of the miseries endured by hands before the mast in along continued spell of bad weather, com pelled to work all through, their watch, very likely,up to the knees in the water which swishes from side to side as the ship rolls, to say noth ing of being occasionally caught by a hugo overtopping, sea bursting over the bulwarks and drenching the unfortunate Bailor from head to foot. And then, when they have gone below and are rejoicing in the luxury of a compara tively dry rig out, their unwilling ears are vexed with the cry of all hands on deck to shorten sail and the unfortunate wight has to roll up with the almost certainty of gettingagain thoroughly wetted before ho is dismissed below. For this reason many sailors1 carry as many 'shifts as they can lay their hands on and in deed of so varied a nuture and appearanco are they that the captain's comparison was by no means a bad ouel But all mundane troubles'1 come'to an end; or rather,~wo should say the | sceno of them is often changod, and at last wo ar rived at41 that hi* en where we woull be," without further events worth chronicling. ' Arrived at. our destination all hands went i busily to work to get out the cargo. Wbiledoing so, a strong and . most unpleasant odour—we 1 sailors called it by a jess polite name—made i itself, apparent; but disappeared as we worked forward, and did not excite much attention at the time. On© day we were hard at it, stripped to the skin and even then sweltering from the combined beat of the latitude wo wore in, and tho cloBenesa of tbe hold, when to my astonish* ment, a sudden avalanche of empty beef tins rolled down npon as dislodged by our rigorous efforts; they were greeted by an exultant yell from the crew, as they promised an elucidation of the mystory attached to the abstracted stores of which the cook had complained. " Ah ! ha 1 who's the thief now," cried somo of the hands, it being certain that the crew, who of course had been the suspected parties, could not bare been guilty, as they would have thrown the tins overboard when empty, and thus concealed their iniquities in that most unsearchable depository which father Neptune has provided for countless ages to conceal crimes of greater turpitude. rIn addition to which evidence it would have been impossible for them to got access to the hold after the hatches were put on, except through the lazareite, to reach which they would have had' to' pass through the cabin, which they could not have done so frequently without provoking suspicion. By this time tbe obnoxious smell, thought at first to come from tbe tins, had become so distinctly disgusting that not a few cleared on deck to escape it; and it was .well for them that they did so—if they were delicate minded—for after a few more shovelfuls had been cleared, a sight, most horrible was revealed. There, crouched up in a position of frightful agony under the project* ing gallery, was the figore of a man which, seen by the dim light of the lanterns necessarily used at that depth in the hold, appeared as if it had not long been dead. One of the men bolder than his neighbours pressed forward to have a closer inspection, bnt immediately on nearing the ghastly form he dropped the lantern and flew on deck, only ejaculating "Petersen by G—and it was bo—here was the ghostly mystery aolved. Poor Petersen, with strange sullenness had bidden himself in the tunnel left by the carelessness of the trimmers and, subsisting on the stolen beef and biscuits of which: ha was evidently tbe thief, bad in tended to skulk till we reached port. Ho had not, however, calculated that with the labouring of tbe ship in heavy weather the cargo would shift, as it had too surely done, and fill up the cavity. Whether it had done so first towards tho after part of the ship, and prevented his ingress into the store-room,thus compelling him to endure the lingering agonies of starvation, which seemed the mure probable, as an after examination of tho tins proved them to be empty, and not with tho most minute search could wo fiod an unconsumed portion of biscuit; or whother it had mercifully broached over with a rusb, crushing him instantly against the side of the ship, none could tell; certain it is that no cry, torn though it might be from the very depths of his agonised soul would ever have reached the cars of man, but must have been lost amidst the un ceasing noises among which " those who go down to the sea in great ships" are compelled to dwell.' That any man should have wilfully exposed himself to months of such agony, as is iuvolved in an existence in the ship's hold, in darkness, and limited space cheered oy no sound of human voioeseven with thehope of emerging alive at the end of the voyage, seems almost iocredible. That he should have persisted in suoh a course even with the several opportunities ^ of escape afforded to him after he had tasted its bitter ness, passes all understanding. The perfect truth of it was, however, vouched for by our worthy skipper, who was an ore witness of all the events related. And I see no reason for casting the slightest shadow of doubly on his veracity—and for one, bearing in mind the unfathomable mysteries of the human heart, fiillv nndnmn bin statements. 