'- " STRANGE D1 TRUE." ' : Suoh was tho thought that passed through my mind after hearing the tales mentioned beloir, and the discussion that naturally arose concern ing, them, I am, of course, no believer iu ghost stories," but, as mauy of my readers doubtless know, there aro circumstances which seem to baffle all attompts at explanation. Suoh, I think, aro thoso whioh wore lately repoatod to ibe, and which, believing they might interest your readers, I intend to write down as thoy are aid to have occurrod. Before, however, com mencing to do so, I think it best to Bay that all the stories were related by tho parsons who were actually concerned in them. The scene of my story is laid in New York, in a handsome house in one of the best parts of the city ; the lady who related it resided thore at the time ; the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, and servants. A cousin with whom she had been brought up from in fancy, usually lived with them, but hie hoalth having latterly failed, he had gone, by advice, to Florida: One afternoon, as sho was sitting play ing with the little ones, tho nurso, who wus also iu the room, exclaimed,." Thore is Mr George !" Looking up, tho lady, to Iior astonishment, saw her oousin, whom bIio bolioved to bo so far away, standing in a leaning attitude against tho open door,;gazing at tho merry group ; naturally enough, her first remark was to inquire why he had returned, but he gave no answer and moved away, as she thought, to go upstairs. Just at that moment, her husband ontorod by another door/ and she at once told hitn that " George was at home, and gone to liis room." Glad to hear the welcome, though quito unexpected news, the gontleman followed him, but soon came down saying he was not there. Greatly puzzled as to whore their cousin could have dis appeared, thoy searched evory room with us little success ; no one, savo the iaily and her nurse/ having seen him about the ' house. Almost the next mail brought them the sad in telligence that the young maa had died of rapid decline,- at the very hour of tlio day on which his cousin had, as she thought, spoken to him in her own drawing-room. Tlie lady . to whom this happened had boon most avorso to puttiug any faith in stories of this kind, aud, but for the news of his death having occurred precisely at the time sho saw him, would "always have re mained . convinced that ho had - returned ' and played some trick uponher.. .. The moBt singular part Kf the' circumstance is, I think, that whilst the lady and nurse' both saw. and spoke to him, the children tbok no notice bf' oneiwhom thoy liad always loved, ' beihg in the same room. - ' My Ia3t story is one that happened; on1 beard ship) and. that seems to the very ; pathetic": from' the great love thut muat huvo existed 'between t he f r tends. ' . It', was on : a lovely ovohiug that one of the passongofa on board, a homeward- bound Indiatnah," teinpted by tlio beauty of tho scene/was linering 011 deck, Mwilliug\ tq/fex-j change'' the pure sea breeze for the' heated 'atmos phere below. " . Looking; round,; with; a feeling that lie was no longer .alone,, and expecting to Bee one of his companionB, he was surprised, to sea sitting beside him, the - dearest ' friend ha possessed, and who, us'lie "knew, .was , stationed, sottfetahere' in- the 'VVesf Iudies. ' " lie exclaimed utterly betyildered by. seeing, the. face i ao'/ familiar i to him gazing fondly, yet sadly, at ' him; ; , " how come you libr'o T Have, yoii jieen hidden away all .these, days,?",.; As/he spokie /half- jestingly, .a strange sensation . came over /him— was .he .dreaming or , mad ? How could B— — , who- was hundreds. of miles,, away, ; be how on board: with . him ?. : .ff Hotv. did you gat hers ?" he asked, his voice insensibly : taking an awe-Btruck tone. -'Li :>"/I came to sse you," was the answer, spoken in: low, ; strangely thrilling accents ; " I felt l; must- bob you/ but I cannot stay longer.'.1 // - , ;;He laid his' hand on that of his friend as ' he ' spoke, " pressing :it with the' gentle touch1 the) other remembered bo well, and was goni/ before any answer could be made. ; . , : , / 1 For a long time, the officer sat ponderirig on the Btrange visit ; then taking out. his note-book in the bright stnr-light, he plaoedrthe fact ion,; re cord, .with the hour and date. He did not>men-: tion the circumstance on board, t knowiug well how. improbable such a story nvould appear, /but it was with a heavy heart that he'saw the " white cliffs of Old England"- becoming visible,' 'for a; \- deep conviction had taken possession of his heart that, on landing, lie would) in 'some' way) receive sad tidings of . his" old and well-loved friend. He knew. that he'liad been, awake' and that speech' had passed botween the strange visi tor and himself,, but wlio that. visitant; was," lib drbaded, l3rave. soldier though he/were, to at tempt tor explain/ ; Landing in "'England,'' His fears wero soon' verified, intelligence reachiug him that, on the very night when he had seen ahd'spoken':;to- him,' his friend had died in!'tHe YVest'Indies. _ . . .-. u . . I do not pretend to give any explanation of these " straiigejstories those who told i them to me'averred solemnly that the facts were just as they had stated them, and I have , no reason tordisboHeve. their word) " .That suoh .things may occur, " by "permission 'of our all-wise' Creatbr, is quite possible, but, whilst granting so much, I think everyone; should do his or her utnioBt;to' put/down and destroy that foolish/' hurtful be-' \- lief in 'those so-called ghost- stories," that have eo often done, such' irretrievable,, mischief to. timid 'natures, and ; young, childreri. ' . Thinking the above " accounts " curious1 and' some what, out of the commbii, I have simply "-'told; J the a tale r7as ' -Twas; told 1 to me," leaving my readers to form their own judgments about them. Still, I think HamleYs words may, with justice, be quoted.regarding; them, "That there/are .more things m- heaven and earth; than are dreamt of in our philosophy," and that, in very truth/, such stories .; aro " strange,! : if trim. ' ' " ' .... . E. A. 0. . /£50 Reward.'-— It having come to our knowledge that obr'tain unscrupulous and unprincipled pub licans in Melbourne and suburbs, and also thorough- out tlie colony, aro in the habit of filling Wolfe's Schnapps Bottles with common fiery gin aud other comp'ounds, and retailing the same as the genuine "Wolfe's aromatic schiedam schnapps, to protect the public from such impositiou, we will pay tho above reward to any person for information that will lead to tho conviction of offenders, ' M, Moss' and Co., 10 Market Buildings, William- street, Mel-' bourne, and Wynyard-lane, Sydney. Do not let Your Child Die ! — Infant Preser vative prevents convulsions, cooling aud soothing for children cutting their tcetli. Does not 'contain calomel, opium, morphia, or anything injurious to a tender babe. To be had at the Victoria Drug Store, Market- square. A trial is solicited. See Testi monials. — "Dear Sir, — With great pleasure I ro- commend your Preservative. My little boy was fretful and restless for several days / I was induced to try your Preservative ; after having given my child one dose, I repeated t next evening, the change was wonderful. It is a great blessing to mothers. — I remain, yours faithfully, Sarah House. Sandon, 27th Sept., 4879." 