CHARGE OF WILFUL MUR- DER. The following case, taken from the "Border Post," will, most likely, be tried at the next Armidale Assizes, to be held in October:— MURDER. Peter Felix appeared in custody, charged with the murder of John O'Neil. Francis Kelly, being duly sworn, stated: I am a mounted Constable, stationed at Stanthorpe. I know the prisoner now be- fore the Court. From information re- ceived, I proceeded to a place known as O'Neil's camp, on the Warwick and Stan- thorpe railway line, on yesterday morn- ing. I arrived there about a quarter past ten o'clock a.m., accompanied by Con- stable King. The camp is about ten miles from Stanthorpe. I knew the de- ceased, John O'Neil. When I arrived at the camp he was sitting on a stretcher bleeding. I saw the prisoner there lying on the grass close to Kelly's camp. A man named Patrick Power was there watching him. The prisoner's legs were tied with a rope. Patrick Power took the rope off the prisoner's legs, and I took him over to where the deceased was lying. I said to the deceased, "Is this the man that shot you." In reply, he said, "Oh yes, that is him." I also got the deceased to look at the gun, and in reply, he said, "That is the gun he shot me with." I then arrested the prisoner, and charged him with shooting O'Neil, with intent to murder. The prisoner, in reply, said, "It is done now, and it cannot be helped." The prisoner also said, "I was going to go in and give myself up to the police at Stanthorpe." I then handcuffed the pri- soner. I produce the gun referred to in my evidence. I got it at the camp where the deceased and prisoner were. It is the same gun that was identified by the deceased. I produce two shirts worn by the deceased. I took them off the body at the Hospital in Stanthorpe, on yes- terday evening, the 24th instant. I first saw the dead body of the deceased at the Hospital yesterday afternoon. I was present when a post mortem examination was made by Dr. Marley in the dead house, on yesterday evening. I said to the prisoner, after taking him into cus- tody, "We will go and see the place where O'Neil was shot." The prisoner pointed out the place and said, "This is the place where I was standing when I shot him," and also said, "That is where he was standing," pointing at the place. I then stepped the distance, and found it to be about four yards apart between where the prisoner and the deceased were standing. The prisoner afterwards said, Will you let me drive my wife into town to get the horses and dray sold, to enable my wife to go to New Zealand, as I know my doom." I saw two small holes in a tent at the back of where O'Neil was standing when he was shot. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. William Dane Marley, being duly sworn, stated: I am a duly qualified medical practitioner, and Government Medical Officer for the district of Stanthorpe, and I am also a justice of the peace for the territory of Queensland, residing at Stan- thorpe. On yesterday morning, the 24th June, about a quarter past 9 o'clock, I re- ceived instructions from the police to go to O'Neil's camp, about ten miles from Stanthorpe, on the Warwick road. started as soon as possible, and reached the camp soon after 11 a.m., on the same day. On my arrival I found a man named John O'Neil sitting up on a stretcher, leaning forwards. He was in a very ex- hausted condition, and appeared to have lost a quantity of blood, and, upon exa- mination, I found it proceeded from wounds in the chest and back. The ap- pearance of the wounds were such as would he produced by a bullet, which, I fancied, must have pierced the lungs, as I clearly heard the air whistling from the orifice. It was evident from the first that the case was hopeless, as O'Neil was then moribund; he was getting so rapidly ex- hausted that I thought it desirable to take a short statement from him while it was yet time, as I did not think he would live till the arrival of the police magistrate from Stanthorpe. I informed the injured man of his condition, also, that I was a justice of the peace for the colony of Queensland, and, after swearing him, I took his dying statement, in the presence of the prisoner, to which he, O'Neil, put his mark, and which I now produce. The prisoner did not make any remark at the time. The statement is a very short one, for the reason that O'Neil was scarcely able to speak, but he was perfectly sensible at the time. After staying about an hour I left, and upon reaching Stanthorpe I heard that O'Neil was dead. About half-past 4 p.m., on the same day, I was requested by a constable to proceed to the dead house, at the Stanthorpe Hospital. On arriving there I saw the dead body of John O'Neil lying on the bier, in the dead house. In the presence of Mr. Cardew, the Police Magistrate, Constable Kelly, and others I examined the body of the said John O'Neil. I should think he had been dead about four or five hours. I found the wounds on the chest about the size of a sixpence, one over the seventh, and one over the eighth rib. The lower one was a little more than superficial, and I think was caused from the wadding. The upper wound traversed the entire chest, and communicated with the wound in the back, situated about one inch higher than the wound in front, which shows he must have been very near the muzzle of the gun at the time of receiving the shot. Death was caused from loss of blood, produced from the wounds mentioned, and the ball having pierced the right lung on its pass- age through the chest. The deceased was a young man, apparently under 30 years of age. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. The prisoner was then remanded till Monday, the 28th inst., for the production of further evidence. Monday, JUNE 28. (Before the Police Magistrate and B Hardaker, Esq., J.P.) Edward Lynch, Sen., being duly sworn, stated: I was a contractor with the de- ceased, John O'Neil, getting ballast for the railway line. I reside at Cherry Gully, in Queensland. I know the pri- sener, Peter Felix, now before the Court. I have been employed with the deceased, O'Neil, for the last five months, getting ballast for the railway line at a quarry about ten miles from Stanthorpe, and about one mile off the road on the right hand side going towards Warwick. The place where we were camped is a little further in the bush from the quarry where we were at work. There is an old rail- way peg at the camp. I think the camp is on the border of New South Wales, but from the peg being at the camp I always took it to be in Queensland. The camp is known as O'Neil's camp. There were five tents in the camp altogether. One tent belonged to me and the deceased, one to Patrick Kelly, one to P. Power and Wm. Donovan, one to Henry Moss man, and the prisoner occupied the other one. Myself and the deceased employed the prisoner to draw ballast from the quarry to the railway. The deceased was the principal man; he received the money and paid the men. The prisoner worked about three weeks drawing the ballast at 1s. 6d. per cubic yard; he was discharged on Saturday, the 19th instant, by the de- ceased, O'Neil, and he was paid up to the previous Wednesday, that being the mea- suring day. Eight loads which the pri- soner had carted from the Wednesday to the Saturday were not paid for as it had not been measured. I was at my tent in company with the deceased, O'Neil, and my son Edward Lynch, Jun., on the evening of the 23rd instant. The prisoner came to the tent about seven p.m. that evening and said to the de- ceased, "O'Neil, I am going away and I want my money." In reply, the deceased said, "How many loads were there." Prisoner replied to the deceased and said, "Eight loads." The deceased then said, "It is not measured; how much do you think there is in it?" The prisoner replied, "Twelve yards," one yard and a half per load. The deceased then said, "That much is not in it, but I will give you ten shillings as you are going away, as it will take me two or three hours to square them up for measurement, and I think that a fair thing between man and man." The prisoner then said, "No," if you give me anything you will have to give me eighteen shillings, that is for twelve yards. The deceased then said to the prisoner, "You will have to wait a day till I get them measured, as Mr. Ramm comes back from Stanthorpe, and I will pay you for the measurement and no more if you do not accept the ten shillings." The prisoner then turned to go away from the camp, and as he was going away said, "I will take no less than eighteen shillings, and give you till 7 o'clock to-morrow morning to pay it." The prisoner then left and went in the direction of Kelly's tent. On the follow- ing morning, Thursday, the 24th inst., I was at my work at the quarry about 8 a.m., when my son, Edward Lynch, Jun., came up saying, " Father, come down as quick as you can and pay the blackfellow before he shoots O'Neil; he has the gun pointed at him; O'Neil sent me up for you." I immediately ran to the camp with my son, Power, Donovan, and Kelly. On my reaching the camp I saw the deceased, O'Neil, lying on the ground, on the quarry side of the camp about 50 yards; he was shot at the time. The prisoner was then standing at the door of his own tent with the gun produced in his hand. I then sent my son into Stan- thope for the police and the doctor. In about half an hour afterwards the pri- soner came towards me with the gun in his hand, to where I was with the de- ceased. I said to the prisoner, "Are you going to shoot me, too, Peter ?" He said, in reply, "No, do not be frightened, one a day is enough; I am only going over here for my horses ; I shot him to make it a caution to others." I said, "It is too bad, Peter, to shoot a man for such a trifle, as you see he had sent my son to me to come down and give you the money, which I have here in my pocket for you." The prisoner then drove his horses to his tent, put the harness on them, and put them in the dray. He got all his traps and his wife in the cart to go away, when I watched an opportunity and caught a hold of him; while endeavouring to se- cure him he caught a hold of my arm with his mouth and broke away from me. Patrick Power came to my assistance, and we secured him (the prisoner) and tied him with a rope, till the police ar- rived. Before arresting the prisoner offered to pay him the eighteen shillings with a one pound note, and while he was in the act of turning round, to get the change, I seized him, and took possession of the gun at the same time. I stopped with the deceased, O'Neil, up to the time he died, a little after 1 o'clock the same day. Cross-examined by the accused : Ques- tion: Did O'Neil say in my presence that ten shillings was a fair thing between man and man? Answer : Yes. Question : Did O'Neil say in my pre- sence that he would get Mr. Ramm to mea- sure the stone and pay me for what was in it and no more? Answer: Yes. Question : Did O'Neil say to you and me that he would pay me ten shillings and chance the measurement ? Answer: Yes, he did. Edward Lynch, Jun., being duly sworn, stated: I am the son of the previous witness, and I reside with my father at Cherry Gully. I know the prisoner now before the Court, his name is Peter Felix. I remember the evening of the 23rd inst. I was with my father on that evening at his camp, at a place known as O'Neil's Camp on the railway line. The deceased, John O'Neil, was also there. I saw the prisoner there. I heard him speak to the deceased between 7 and 8 p.m. that even- ing. The prisoner said to the deceased, " I am going away. I want my money." In reply the deceased said, " If you wait till the stones are measured by Mr. Ramm I will pay you what is coming to you and no more, but if you are in a hurry to go away I will pay you ten shillings." The prisoner then left and went towards Kelly's Camp. I heard the prisoner say as he was leaving to the deceased, "If you don't pay me before 7 o'clock to-mor- row morning I will see." I next saw the prisoner between 7 and 8 o'clock the fol- lowing morning with a gun in his right hand. The deceased, O'Neil, was walk- ing before him. They were going in the direction of O'Neil's tent. The gun pro- duced is the same that the prisoner had in his hand when following the deceased. The prisoner said to the deceased, "O'Neil, are you going to pay me?" The deceased replied, '' Yes." The prisoner then had the gun in his right hand, with the muzzle towards the ground, when the deceased said to me, "Run up and bring down your father to pay this man ; if your father has not change try and get it." I went away for my father. The deceased was then standing about five yards away from the prisoner. When I got to the quarry to my father I heard a shot go off like the report of a gun. I then ran back to the camp with my father and the other men, when we found the deceased about fifty yards from his own tent, lying on the ground bleeding. The prisoner was at this time at his own tent door with the gun still in his hand. The prisoner's gun was the only gun in the camp. I rode in to Stanthorpe and informed the police. After I returned from town about 1 o'clock I saw the dead body of the late John O'Neil at the camp. When I started for my father the prisoner's wife and Mrs. Kelly were at the camp. No other persons were there but the children. Mrs. Kelly was standing at the door of her own tent, about 70 yards from where the prisoner and O'Neil were standing. The quarry where my father was working is about half a mile from the camp, and it took me about five minutes to run there. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. Mary Kelly, being duly sworn, stated : I am the wife of Patrick Kelly. I reside with my husband on the railway line, at a place known as O'Neil's camp, about ten miles from Stanthorpe, and about a mile and a half off the road, in the bush, on the right hand side of the telegraph line going to Warwick. I know the prisoner now before the court. I was at my tent at O'Neil's camp on Wednesday last, the 23rd instant. I saw the prisoner near my tent on that evening, between 7 and 8 o'clock. He came to my tent and said, "By the Holy Ghost, if you don't pay me before 7 o'clock to-morrow morning, you will never rogue another man." I believe he meant O'Neil at the time. He left my tent in a few minutes afterwards. I saw the prisoner again next morning (24th instant), between 7 and 8 o'clock. He had a gun in his hand. The deceased, O'Neil, was then talking to me at my tent about doing some washing for him. The prisoner came over after O'Neil (the de- ceased), with a gun in his hand. The prisoner spoke first. He said twice, "O'Neil, are you going to pay me my money." In reply, the deceased said, "Yes, I will pay you as soon as Mr. Ramm comes down the line." He next said to the prisoner, "Come over to my camp and I will pay you." They both then went to the tent of the deceased, about 60 yards from my tent. I saw young Lynch standing there when they went over. I heard the deceased say to young Lynch, "Go for your father till we pay this man his money" (meaning the prisoner.) I saw the boy start, and I told him to run quick, as the prisoner's wife told me there was something in the gun. After the boy had left a few min- utes I saw the prisoner point the gun at the deceased (O'Neil) a couple of times, as if he were going to shoot. The second time the prisoner pointed the gun at the deceased I screamed out, and he then shot the deceased. I was standing out- side the kitchen of my tent at the time. The deceased was standing about four or five yards from the door of his own tent when the shot was fired by the prisoner. He was facing the prisoner at the time, and the prisoner was standing about five yards off from the deceased. After the deceased was shot by the prisoner, he (the deceased) walked towards the quarry where the men were working about fifty yards and then fell. I then went over to the deceased and picked him up. He was bleeding very fast from the wound. I then said to the prisoner, " Why did you shoot the man like that ?" and in reply, he (the prisoner) said, "Why did he not pay me my money." He afterwards said that he could not help it. Before the prisoner shot the deceased I heard a shot fired off at the back of the prisoner's tent. After he shot the deceased I saw him load the gun again. I saw the dead body of the deceased afterwards on the same day. He died about a quarter to one o'clock p.m. As far as I heard, the deceased spoke civil to the prisoner when he asked for his money. In about ten minutes after the deceased was shot the men came from the quarry, and two of them, Ed- ward Lynch, and Patrick Power, secured the prisoner and tied him up. I do not know how far the railway line is from the camp known as O'Neil's camp. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. William Donovan, being duly sworn, stated: I am a labourer lately employed by the deceased, O'Neil, and Lynch. I reside at O'Neil's Camp, about ten miles from Stanthorpe, and about a mile and a half off the railway line, on the right hand side going to Warwick. I know the prisoner now before the Court. On the evening of the 23rd inst. I was at Kelly's tent, at O'Neil's Camp. I saw the pri- soner there on that evening between 7 and 8 o'clock. He was in Kelly's tent. I heard the prisoner say, "By the Holy Ghost, if you do not pay me my money before 7 o'clock to-morrow morning you will never rogue another man." The prisoner then left. I next saw him the next morning, the 24th instant, between 8 and 9 o'clock, at his own camp. I saw the prisoner standing at the door of his own tent, and the deceased was lying on the ground, bleeding. I was at work at the quarry when the alarm was given by young Lynch, and I ran down with the other men. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. Patrick Power deposed: "I am a la- bourer, residing at O'Neil's Camp, on the railway line, about ten miles from Stan- thorpe, on the right hand side going to Warwick. I know the prisoner now be- fore the Court. I recollect the 24th inst. I was working at the quarry, about a mile and a half from O'Neil's Camp, on that day. From something I heard from young Lynch, I ran with the other men to the camp, when I saw O'Neil lying on the ground bleeding, about 50 yards from bis own camp. It was then about ten minutes or a quarter past 8 o'clock a.m. I saw the prisoner there; he was stand- ing at his own tent. I assisted Edward Lynch to secure the prisoner. He got away from Lynch and I caught hold of him and tied him down with a rope. Prisoner declined to ask any questions. Patrick Kelly, being duly sworn, stated: I am a labourer, residing at O'Neil's Camp, about ten miles from Stanthorpe, on the right hand side, about a mile and a half off the railway line. The quarry is about a mile off the railway line. I know the prisoner now before the Court. I was at the camp on the even- ing of the 23rd instant. I saw the prisoner there between 7 and 8 o'clock p.m. I saw the prisoner at the tent oc- cupied by the deceased, and he said to him, "O'Neil, I want my money." In reply the deceased said, the stones must be measured by Mr. Ramm; come down to-morrow, but if you are in a hurry to go away I will give you ten shillings." The prisoner then said, "I must get eight- een shillings or none at all." The pri- soner came to my tent after that and said, "By the Holy Ghost if he does not pay me by 7 o'clock to-morrow morning he will never rogue another man." The de- ceased was at his own tent and heard the prisoner. The prisoner spoke in a loud tone of voice, and could be heard a long way off. He then left my place. On the morning of the 24th instant, I was at the quarry, about half a mile from the camp. I went down with the other men when young Lynch gave the alarm. I saw the deceased lying on the ground ; he was bleeding. I saw the prisoner there. He was standing at the door of his own tent with a gun in his hand. That was about 120 yards from where the deceased was lying. I immediately started for Stanthorpe to give informa- tion to the police. I afterwards saw O'Neil lying dead at the camp about 1 o'clock p.m. the same day. I also re- moved the body on the same day to the morgue at the Stanthorpe Hospital. Cross-examined by the accused: Question: Were you present when I asked O'Neil for my money? Answer : No, I was not. Question: Could you hear me when I asked O'Neil for my money ? Answer: Yes, I could. This concluded the evidence in the charge of murder, but some doubt having arisen as to whether the locality of the crime was in Queensland or New South Wales, Sergt. Keane applied for a remand until the following Thursday to procure evi- dence on the point. Remanded accord- ingly. Thursday, July 1. (Before the Police Magistrate.) The case was resumed for production of evidence in regard to the locality of the offence. Alfred Greenup, being duly sworn, stated: I am Station Manager for Mat- thew Henry Marsh, and reside at Mary- land, in the colony of New South Wales. I am also a Justice of the Peace for New South Wales and Queensland. I was shown a place yesterday evening, the 30th June, ultimo, by a person named Mary Kelly, as the place where a man named O'Neil was shot. The spot is on one of the branches of Mother Fred's Swamp, about two miles West of Maryland head station, and is in the colony of New South Wales. I should think it was a mile inside the New South Wales boundary. Mother Fred's Swamp runs into Mary Creek, which is the head of the Clarence River in New South Wales. Prisoner was further remanded till this morning, the 2nd instant, at 10 o'clock. EXTRAORDINARY EXHUMATION OF A CORPSE.—A strange affair happened at Linkinhorne, Cornwall. A man named William Seymour, a miner, was found dead in Pheonix Mine. It was supposed he had died in a fit, and a verdict to that effect was returned at the Coroner's in- quest. He was interred at the burial ground at Darley Chapel. A neighbour of the deceased the next night dreamed that a gentleman in a carriage and pair had driven up to the house of the mother of the deceased, and said that her son was not dead, but had been buried alive. This dream being noised abroad, the next night seven or eight men went to the graveyard, dug up the coffin and car- ried it to a chapel. They unscrewed the coffin-lid, and there was the body of their comrade apparently still living and breath- ing. So convinced were they of this that they sat him up, and while some attempted to revive him by stimulants and fric- tion, others ran off to the nearest surgeon two miles distant. The surgeon, Mr. Newsam, soon arrived, and examined the body amid great excitement; and then stated that the man was dead and had been dead some days. Mr. Newsam re- buked the men for their folly, and the body was quickly re-interred; but the matter has excited much commotion. Politeness is like an air cushion—there may be nothing solid in it, but it eases jolts wonderfully. What a wheel is without grease, so is a man without money, and a traveller with- out temper. 