ELECTORATE OF WEST MAITLAND. THE NOMINATION. At noon on Tuesday the candidates for the representation of West Maitland, in the New Parliament, were nominated from the Grand Stand, Eales'' Race- course. There was a very considerable concourse of electors. The Returning-officer, Mr, James E. "yfo\ie, read the advertisement convening the meeting, his appointment as Returning-officer, and the mit. He asked for all speakers a fair hearing, and called on the proposers and seconders of candidates. He gave an co proposer and seconder one half hour each, and, one hour to each candidate to address them. Mr. JAMES WOLSTENHOLME proposed Mr. Henry Emanuel Cohen as a fit and proper person to represent the electorate of West Maitland in the ensuing Parliament, (applause.) Mr. J. 0. CHAPMAN seconded the nomination, (Applause.) Mr. JAMES PRITCHARD nominated Mr. James Fullford. (Applause.) Mr. WILLIAM BRIGGS seconded the proposal. (Applause.) There were no other candidates nominated. Mr. COHEN, who was warmly applauded when he came forward, said he had been very fully engaged during the past week in holding public meetings of electors, to whom he had stated his opinions, But he was not yet wearied, for it was a high privilege' for any citizen of the country who desires to occupy the position he aspired to, to stand before the electors as he did on that day. He felt flattered indeed that in all the speeches delivered in support of his op- ponent-of his friend and opponent Mr Fullford speeches which to some extent were levelled against him, neither Mr. Pritchard, who had twice unsuccessfully opposed him on previous occasions [Mr. PRITCHARD: Not twice. AYOICK: Lunatics.] Veil, even Mr. Pritchard, who had once supported without success a candidate against him, and had since himself unsuccessfully opposed him, and might be therefore supposed to have kept a vigilant eye on him doings could point to no single vote or speech of his (Mr. Cohen's) in the Assembly to which he could take exception. (Applause.) In itself that was a species of negative praise of which he might feel proud (Applause.) Mr. Pritchard had told them that he did not possess that energy, that force of character, that indomitable perseverance necessary for a representative. (Hear, hear.) He had at any rate possessed sufficient energy, force of character, and indomitable perseverance, to be victorious in cases where Mr. Pritchard, who possessed these qualities in a high degree, was his opponent [Laughter. " Don't it tell."] Mr. Pritchard had told them they might look in vain for anything startling in his c Creer. So they might. Yet he could claim that he had always taken a conscientious and independent course "In Parliament, and had not allowed party spirit to induce him to vote against measures which be believed were right. If they chose to look at the records, they would see that so far from having been a persistent opponent of Sir Henry Parkes, he had been one of the strongest supporters of measures introduced by that states- man which he thought calculated to promote the general benefit. (Hear, hear.) They would find on the other hand that where measures were submitted which he thought were not for the welfare of the country, be opposed them as sternly. He was charged with having shown no perseverance. He was charged with having held office unconstitutionally. The fact was he was Treasurer by consent of both Parliament and the people. If there had not been a great majority supporting the Farnell Government, it would have been ousted from office. (Applause.) So far was he the choice of the people that when he came back to that constituency, to ask if they thought him fit for the office of Treasurer, the electors of West Maitland unanimously approved of his conduct, and sent him back to Parliament. (Hear, hear.) Therefore he could say that he had constitutionally assumed that high office with the consent of the Parliament and with the consent of the people. (Applause,) He was surprised that a gentleman of the intelligence of Mr. Briggs, who could point to nothing in his public conduct to which he could take objection, found the great fault of his public career to be that he had not supplied a clock for the town of West Maitland. (Applause.) He said with all respect that was puny ; it was trivial ; it was trifling with public life. (Applause.) He asked boldly and fearlessly were they going to put against six years of unobjectionable services this one fault of not being able to supply the town with a clock ! (Applause ) If that was the height to which the political conceptions of his opponents could soar, he would gladly make them a present of their conCeptions, And now about Mr Pritchard and the railway station. [Applause. "Give it to him." "Tell us about yourself."! He thought Mr. Pritchard would have had better taste than to introduce a matter in which he was personally concerned. The matter had received the fullest exposure. Every paper in connexion with the business had been published. The department had thought it better to have the station constructed by their own officers, instead of accepting tenders. It turned out that the work cost more than the lowest price tendered for. But such a mistake might be made by the most intelligent of officers [Mr. CHAPMAN: It might occur toa builder.] It might occur to a builder. When the matter was brought under his notice, and he had been requested by Mr Pritchard to take action, after correspondence which was unsatisfactory to Mr. Pritchard, Parliament was about to rise. It was absolutely impossible that he could have taken any action in Parliament. What then became of the grievance about the railway station, [" It is because he did not get it."] Were they going to put this paltry matter against the fair and honest and efficient discharge of his duty for six years. (Applause) To show them the position he held in the esteem of that great and distinguished statesman whose name had been mentioned that day, he would say that in 1877, when Sir Henry Parkes was charged with the formation of a Government, he had made overtures to him (Mr. Cohen) to join him. (Hear, hear.) As he had said already, circumstances then existed which did not permit him to feel that he could conscientiously assist Sir Henry Parkes. " He therefore declined those overtures. Soon after the at Mr. Farnell was called upon by the overwhelming voice of Parliament to form an Administration, Mr. Farnell did him the honor to invite him to join the Government. He might fairly say that though he accepted the high office of Treasurer with grave misgivings as to his fitness and with an acute sense of its grave responsibilities, he could claim to have discharged the duties with general satisfaction to the people of this country, (Applause.) He was no political protectionist. He did not seek to blind the electors, the intelligent electors, with any dashing speeches. ["You can't." "He has got all this ability to do it." Slight interruption.] The fact that he had won his way in public life, and had received the expression of their confidence on three different occasions, was something to be proud? of. (Applause.) He had hoped to be able to refrain from referring to localism. He had already pointed out what he had done. But since localism seemed to be made the turning point of the election, they would pardon him if he expressed his views upon it. If elections were always to be determined on the principle of localism, he should like to know where many of our most eminent statesmen would be at the present day. They knew that the most eminent statesmen not only of the United Kingdom but also of the Australian colonies, had been returned time after time by the voices of people amongst whom they did not reside. If they were going to conduct elections on the basis of pure localism, the public life of the country would considerably degenerate. (Hear, hear.) No doubt, so long as it was necessary to submit their local requirements to the Government, they must ask their mem- best to do it. But they might depend on it that if they sent in mere roads-and-bndges men, the welfare of the country would receive a severe blow. He would tell them what he had not done. He had not succeeded in extracting sunbeams from cucumbers, nor in bringing down the moon from the heavens, and distributing it among them in the shape of green cheese. (A laugh.) But so far as localism was concerned, what had he not done P His services had in all cases been given freely. With respect to the clock, he was only one of a number of members who made applications for town clocks to the Government. Many members of higher standing than he was in the estimation of the country had actually put motions on the business paper to ask Parliament to compel the Government to grant their requests. These members, at the desire of the Government withdrew their motions, for it was no use to persevere when the Government were determined to resist public expenditure. Was he more to blame I than those members who withdrew their motions ? He would have not mentioned this paltry matter at all, only that it seemed to be relied upon to damage his election, What had he done f When he was first elected in 1874, the chief local question was the protection of the river bank. He induced the Government to make a survey, and to allow Mr. Darley to prepare plans and estimates on the Wie of that survey. Then came the necessity for obtaining Government assistance in carrying out the work. He introduced a deputation to Sir John Robertson, and as a result £7000 were put on the estimates, and in his place in Parliament he defended the vote, and it was carried. The vote having lapsed, he got it re-submitted to Parliament, and re- voted. The money was now in course of expenditure. In 1878 he had by his vigilance secured a special endowment for municipalities of 20s for every pound of rates raised, and in the succeeding year did not rest till be secured another special endowment equal to half the rates. Altogether, through his exert so in, the revenues of the Borough of West Maitland had been augmented in two years by about two thousand pounds. (Applause.) It had been pointed out to him that the regulations for cattle driving were inconvenient. He thought the Borough Councils should regulate the traffic, and brought in a bill to give effect to his views. That bill was now the law of the land. ["You did very well." Mr. CHIPPINDALL YOU were a long while about it. They were of course interested in the cells on the bridges, The Government had decided to collect tolls on the Pitnacree, the Belmore, and the Dunmore Bridges.. He and he believed other local representatives, explained that payment of tell at three bridges would be a hardship, The Government were then induced to allow payment at one bridge to frank either of the other two. That system WAS still to be continued. For, seeing in the Mercury that it was proposed to sell, by auction, the right to collect tolls next year, and that it was feared that the privilege hitherto attached to traffic over the bridges would be interfered with, he placed himself in communication with the Minister, and the bridge tolls were withdrawn from auction sale. While he was a member of the Farnell Government he received a representation from the Borough Council that it would be an advantage to level and plant Belmore road, He induced his colleague Mr. Sutherland to put a sum of £400 on the estimates for the purpose, and the sum was voted, and was now in course of expenditure, He had procured the voting of £1000 for a new benevolent asylum, of an unconditional grant of £300 for an outfit for the Maitland Hospital ; of a similar grant of £132 for repairs to the Maitland hospital and of a sum of £500 for-the enlargement of the Maitland School of Arts. At his request a valuable collection of books from the Government printing office was sent to the same institution; and it was the result of his hand to the coloniaLfiecretary, that a copy of the official report of the Parliamentary debates was sent to every Mechanics' Institute throughout the length and breadth of the colony. Thus they were enabled to watch the doings of their representatives in Parliament. He had something to do with the purchase of the site for the new post office, and it was in consequence of his action that the clock tower was added to the building. He was blamed, it seemed, for one of the defects of the building. Was it to be supposed that among the necessary qualifications of a local candidate was one that he should have a knowledge of architecture ? So much for localism, Could they say, looking at what he had done, that any man could have done more P (Applause.) It was a worthy ambition in any man to aspire to a position in the public life of the country, He applauded the man who came before them seeking their suffrages. If he had not six years ago nourished the ambition which they then gratified, but which was not yet satisfied, he would not have been their representative. He was not yet satisfied. He did not believe he had lost the confidence of his friends, ("No, BO," and "Yes") The issue before them was Had he forfeited their confidence? That of his opponents of course he never had had his friends lost confidence in him P Let them ask themselves whether they could find reasons in his public life for rejecting him. There was no difference between the political opinions of Mr. Fullford and his own, With Mr. Fullford the matter was one of personal ambition to go into Parliament, [Applause. "And quite right too."] Mr. Briggs had said he (Mr. Cohen) had had a good innings, And so they were asked to turn him off, ["We will never turn you off."] Supposing the principle were to prevail that because the members of the last Parliament had enjoyed a fair innings, they should be rejected, and the new Parliament should be largely composed of men who were thoroughly untried and quite unfit for the work of governing Applause. "There's logic for you,"] that would truly be a magnificent Parliament notwithstanding the ability of the members, After all, such a change in the constitution would not be desirable : they wanted a few old wheelers to steady the young colts. He appealed for their suffrages not on personal but on political grounds ; he had from the first candidly stated his views to them. It was rather singular that Mr Pritchard, who was now so strong a supporter of a local candidate, was then supporting Mr. Hamilton, a mere adventurer. (Laughter and applause,) Where was Mr. Pritchard's consistency. He regretted to know that some of the supporters of his friend and opponent Mr. Fullford himself would not sanction it, he was sure-had introduced an element into the contest unworthy of their hearts and their heads. (Applause.) The question had been asked " Would they give a vote to a Jew f " He was a JQW, and he was proud of his lineage. (Applause.) If he had ten thousand seats in Parliament, with the wealth and honor which might attach to them, he would never be a renegade to his Judaism. (Applause.) The race of which he had the honor to be a humble member had contributed names which stand foremost among the most illustrious names of patriots, statesmen, men of science, artists, literary men. (Applause.) They had achieved that eminence, not because they were Jews, but because they shared with illustrious compeers of other religious beliefs, those faculties which came from God as the great creative source of all knowledge. Jews had long suffered, and suffered patiently, the oppression and persecution to which they had been subjected in the mother country. At length they had gained the political freedom which had been fought for by Great Britain's political heroes. That political' freedom had been transmitted to the people of this country, It was a proud thing for him to think that a Jew, a member of that once despised race, could stand there without fear or favour, and express his political opinions. He was sure the introduction into the contest of any feeling against him as a Jew was opposed to all Christian teaching. [Mr. PRITCHARD : Who is introducing it] The man who in a contest like that sought to create religious rancour was a renegade to the traditions of his country, and unworthy of the citizens and the privileges which attach to it. [Applause. Cries of " name," " name."] He would name no names. Let him whom the cap fitted wear it. [Applause and interruption.] It had also been stated-[interruption]-that he voted against the Public Instruction Act of 1880. He happened to be one of the 42 members who voted for the second reading of the measure. So far as the main principles of the bill went, no one gave it a heartier support than be did, although he was in political opposition to Sir Henry Parkes. He told them in 1874 that he was in favour of a system of education secular, compulsory where possible, and free to those children whose parents were unable to pay fees. Also that he would vote in favour of the withdrawal of State aid from Denominational schools, after the expiry of a certain period, to be fixed by Parliament. These principles were now incorporated in the Statute law by the action of the 73 members of the late Parliament, and was it likely that he would turn his back on a measure which contained the principle he had advocated? He believed the Act would be wide-spreading and far reaching in its beneficial influence, and that hereafter we shall be able to say proudly of New South Wales, that within her borders there is not a single man, woman, or child unable to read and to write. (Applause.) So far as he was concerned, he would ever be a staunch supporter of the Act, and would resist any attempt to repeal it. (Applause ) With respect to European immigration be would put a stop at once to assisted immigration, and would vote for no estimate till some better system of introducing people be devised. The £7,000 a year now voted could be better employed. There were now facilities of travelling between Great Britain and the colonies, by means of the great ocean steamers, which desirable immigrants, having some means to keep them when they arrived here, might be induced to take advantage of. The whole system was bad : the Government paid £12 of the £14 required to bring out an immigrant, and thus people without means, and perhaps starving at home, were induced to try their fortune in sunny New South Wales, A class of pauper immigrants was an undesirable class to introduce. He was absolutely opposed to Chinese immigration. Since we could not deal with the question as a feed 39-: real question, owing to the withdrawal of Queensland, each colony must do the best it could in the way of legislation, to restrict and prohibit the further introduction of Mongolians, He would support such legislation for New South Wales heartily and vigorously. We wished to keep this community Anglo Australian ; the sympathies of Chinese were not our sympathies; their objects and their aims were not ours and the work we had Ret ourselves, of develop- ing the resources of Australia, would not be f r warded by them ; they would not help us to build by a great and prosperous nation. With respect to licensing reform he would introduce local option (Hear, hear-and he would provide for an analysis not only of the liquors sold by publicans, but also of those paid by wine and spirit merchants. (Hear hear.) That analysis would be objected to neither by the respectable publican or the respectable merchant. The honest trader, who sought to give value for money, would not objected The dishonest trader, who valued money more than, the health and the lives of his fellow men, might. (Applause) It was in the interests of the people of this country that we should have a law such as he had explained. He would also be found heartily advocating an extension of the Municipal system. That measure would improve the tone of public life, and lead to economy in the public expenditure. The measure should be among the earliest in the Ministerial programme. And he would also vote for a better regulation of the civil service. It would be a grand thing for the colony if political patronage could be taken from the hands of Ministers. (Hear, hear.) The exercise of political patronage was most irksome, and though it was on the whole pure, a change was most desirable. It was desirable not only because it was well to remove Ministers from the operation of influences tending to corruption, but it was well to move them from exposure to suspicions of corruption For the extension of railways calculated to open up the country he would always vote, and also for the connection by rail of the north with Sydney. Although he voted for the Stamp duties, he had opposed the excise duty, and also the wool, stock, and coal taxes. He believed with wise retrenchment, the exaction of a fair rental from the squatters, and a prudent economy, there would be no need for years to come of further taxation. He was heartily grateful for the generous attention they had given him, and asked them to consider whether after his faithful service of six years they ought to turn him off because they merely wanted a change, They had the right to act as they pleased, but he was sure that if he was fairly and impartially dealt with, he need not fear from the just, honest, and intelligent electors of West Maitland the result of the poll on Thursday. (Cheers) Mr. JAMES FULLFORD was received with continued applause. He said if he had any encourage- ment in his candidature, it was from the warm reception he had always received at their hands. He was rejoiced at the outspokenness and the amount of confidence with which they had rallied round him to assist him from the time he had come forward. (Applause.) What had afforded him great satisfaction was that he was able to meet Mr. Cohen there that day, and to shake hands with him. He had not said one word against Mr. Cohen unkindly, but when he found that there was any conduct which was wrong he denounced it, as he had a right to do publicly. He had been accused of a number of the logs but he had asked the persons night after night who had any . charges, to come forward and state thus publicly, so that he might have a chance of refuting them ; but no one had come forward to make them. He was glad they had given Mr. Cohen a fair hearing; all he asked them was as Britishers, to give him a fair hearing, and then to judge which was the best man. He had come forward in the position he hoped to see some of them in front of him occupy on some future occasion (Applause.) He had a perfect right to come forward and let him tell them, before there was too much excitement, his reasons for coming forward. He had been invited by some few of his friends for some few years past to offer his services. He had told them that he would willingly come forward when the occasion demanded it-that was when he could without injury to himself, and with no disgrace to them (applause), Some months ago he had been asked to be placed in nomination. What did he do He was in friendship with Mr. Cohen, and being in Sydney, he walked down to his chambers and told him when the time came he would oppose him. He had been charged with coming to the front to raise himself in the estimation of the people of West Maitland. Was there anything derogatory in that Was there anything unmanly in a proceeding of that kind P (No.) He had done nothing that he was ashamed of, When Mr, Cohen received his support in opposition to Mr. Pritchard, be had done all in his power or him. There was a. candidate in the field famed Tom Jones. He told Mr Jones that Mr. Cohen was a better man than him. Well, Mr. Pritchard came forward at the eleventh hour, and although be (Mr. Fullford) was about leaving for Queensland, he told Mr. Cohen be would stay and do his utmost for him. But notwithstanding all that was done on that occasion, Mr, Cohen was not returned in such a way to warrant him to reflect with discredit on Mr. Pritchard, The votes on that occasion were Mr. Cohen, 397 j Mr. Pritchard, 334 (Applause). They knew that for years past he had an ambition to represent them or some other constituency. (Interruption.) That was the reason he was there that day. He came forward according to the dictate of his conscience, and with a determination to fight it out as much as a man can do. (Applause), He would ask them to vote conscientiously for the one they considered the best man. Not to be influenced by what be or his supporters said on the one hand, or by what Mr. Cohen or any of his supporters said on the other, but to do what each considered was right, They were exercising their birth- right, and should not be guided by what others said;, If they did return him he would go in, to work for them, [A VOICE: YOU will go in.] He had no other object in view but to serve them, in such a way, that when he came before them again they would say " Fullford, we will have you again and again," (Applause.) He had a strong desire to do what he could for that glorious little district of West Maitland, and for the colony generally. Then when he Crime before them. again be would fear no opposition, he would invite a strong opposition. (Applause.) He was encouraged by very many facts, especially by the fact that he had never yet asked them to do anything for him but what they had done it. The position he occupied he had attained by his own exertions. He warned them that he did not go in as a local member alone ; but he believed that he had all the qualities that would enable him to legislate for the country's good. He had that grand quality of a liberal mind, based on strength of character, and possessed in great degree self-control. If he had not, he would not have submitted quietly to what had been said of him that morning. But he was very glad that he had the quality of self-control. A great deal more had been said of him than of his friend, Mr, Cohen, He did not wish to refer to those things, and he thought Mr. Cohen had no right to make such remarks as " don't vote for a Jew." Even if it had been said by some energetic supporter, in the excitement that was prevailing, was he to suffer for it P He respected every individual or creed, and if a person was manly, he could hold out the band of fellowship to him. (Applause ) He would ask them whether he or any of his supporters had ever said so at his meetings. (VOICES : No, no. Ila a political ghost.) It was done merely to catch an odd vote or two. But the people would not be led away with the cry. The contest was creating great excitement in West Maitland, and he had no right to be held responsible for the remarks of other people. He bad enough to answer for what he said himself. After making all allowance for the excitement, when the election was over they should do as they ought to do in a small community like that. He would extend his hand to every man, and say they ought to live together in brotherly love, It was no fault of his he hoped that he was born in West Maitland, (no, no,) that he was born in Louth Park in a humble place. The whole of his life every day almost-he had lived in West Maitland, Every little fault of his was before them. He had his faults; but he should not be called upon at a time like that for youthful indiscretions. He would now allude to questions agitating the public. The first question he would call their attention to was the education question. He thought he could show that of the two men's views his were the better. (Applause). The education bill was a grand bill. It gave an opportunity to the youth to raise themselves to the position Mr Cohen was now in. No matter how humble they were, if they had any talent they might attain the top of the tree. He had had opportunities of seeing the working of the Public School Act of 1866\. It was with delight that he witnessed the young of the colony were being educated. There was great hope for the future of this glorious colony. It was in the hands of the youth they were its arbiters for weal or for woe, and they should offer inducement to the youth to come forward and supply the places that would be vacant in a few airs. Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robert son were advanced in years they were past the meridian of life and what were they to do if they did not educate and encourage the youth to take their places. Mr. Cohen said it they threw him out and put in 108 new members, what would become of the country P He would simply say in answer to that that there were plenty of electorates open for Mr. Cohen that would open their arms for him gladly, and on some future occasion he was sure of defeating him on that (applouse)-be would gladly meet Mr. Cohen in the House. Mr. Cohen could get in. If they put him (Mr. Fullford) in, they would have Mr. Cohen too ; but if they elected Mr. Cohen they would not have him (Mr. Fullford). [Mr, COHEN: There is no fear of my hawking myself about the country.] He had just as much right to go anywhere else as there. He had no stake in the town. He had friends, and they were to ing to put him in beyond a doubt. It they both met as untried men, Mr. Cohen would have no show. But he (Mr. Fullford) was fighting an uphill game. Mr. Cohen's 'friends said it was like his impudence to come forward, but the majority would not say so on Thursday next. The question had been asked if he would not go to Sydney to live if returned. He would tell them that if he was compelled to go to Sydney in order to serve them better, he would do so. (Applause.) But they would not suffer if it became necessary for him to reside in Sydney. His all was in the town, all belonging to him were there, and all the requirements of West Maitland were at his Anger ends. There would be no need to write to him to tell him this or that was wanted for the town, He came before them to do the best he could possibly do for them. If they sent him to the house, and he saw the slightest chance of getting for West Maitland its fair share of the public money, he would not be put off ; but would demand it and most of them who knew him would say that he would succeed. He was referring to the Education Bill to show that he was a better man than Mr. Cohen. He had studied the bill, and every one of the 40 clauses had his approval and he thought the time would come though it would take some little time when those who now opposed it would heartily approve of it. [Mr. T. 41 Ann: Never ] It afforded an opportunity to the youth to receive a tipHap education at a low rate. It gave an opportunity to any youth who had talent, irrespective of his position, to rise to the highest position in the land. The religious provisions of the . bill were, all that they could possibly want. (Disturbance ) It provided for the religious teaching of the young. By placing the little Scripture lessons contained in the school books in the hands of the young, they might become religiously inclined. These lessons also contained the fundamental doctrines of the Christian religion, and it left to the ministers of the different denominations, to arrange with the teachers, to educate their children in dogma or creed, Mr. Cohen had opposed that provision, which was the essence of the bill. [Mr. COHEN : No,] Mr. Cohen had brought forward an amendment to do away with that provision. [Mr. COHEN : No.] He would allow Mr. Cohen to came forward, and explain. [Mr COHEN explained that under the Public Instruction Act four hours a day were set apart for absolute sectarian education, during which time the children of all creeds were invited to sit side by side in the Public schools of the country. He did not think it was right that when taking part in this secular education, religious lessons should be given which might offend some. He had there fore brought forward an amendment which would have had the effect of eliminating from the common school books these scripture lessons. He had offered no opposition whatever to the ministers entering the Public schools to instruct the children of their particular flock ; but he had endeavoured to fix the hour, as in the old Act, to prevent any disorganization of the secular work of the school.] Mr. Cohen had told them what he was about to tell them. He was about to tell them that Mr. Cohen was opposed to Scripture lessons in the Public school books. As they were living in a Christian community, and those lessons contained the fundamental principles of Christianity, Mr. Cohen, representing a Christian community, should never have objected to them. He was therefore a better man for them in regard to the Public Instruction Act, Mr. Cohen told them that he would be no party to re-open the discussion, but as they knew what he had tried to do in the past they had a right not to trust him again, He would like to see children assembled together on the one platform, studying together, and learning to love each other. He was not stating these opinions for the purpose of pandering to catch a vote, and he hoped they would give him credit for honesty in the matter. He was in favor of the principles of free trade. He knew there was great interest on the subject. It was conceded to be the best for the interests of New South Wales. There was a proof of it when they, looked at the neighbouring colony of Victoria. There was protection in Victoria, while free trade prevailed in this colony, and their colony was progressing while Victoria was re trogradintr. And just the other day they lent that colony £500,000 to make improvements, He thought it was a great deal better for the colony to develop its resources, to do all they could to produce the raw material, instead of going in for manufactures. The time would come when they would be able to manufacture for themselves. Till that time came it would be wiser to produce the raw material, which would bring them trade : ships would be sent, which would take away their raw material, and bring them manufactures cheaper than they could now manufacture them, which meant a good deal of profit. He would pass on to the immigration system, or want of system. Mr, Cohen and be were alike on that question. While he would do all in his power to attract suitable persons, he thought it was undesirable to assist them. So much attention had been drawn to the colonies, that he thought the classes most desirable would come without any assistance at all. He considered the Chinese were an undesirable class; and that they should not be allowed to come at any price. They should do the best they could with the few that were there, but if they were not alive to the best interests of New South Wales there was the prospect of great hordes of them coming. The colonies only had a population of two millions, that of New South Wales alone being about three quarters of a million, while China was but a few days' sail, and had a population of 400 millions. It would be a simple matter to send a few millions over and almost swamp New South Wales, If the other colonies did not join them, he would go so far as to prevent them coming across the border. He was in favour of local self government: by that he meant municipal matters. He always deplored the small municipalities, which were kept up at great expense, when one large one would do much more good. The extension of the municipalities would relieve the central government of local works. They would be carried out by the people themselves, who knew their requirements. There was great necessity for an amendment of the licensing system. The disgraceful exhibitions that had been witnessed in Sydney had called forth the indignation of the whole colony. On the one side the bench was packed by the friends of the applicant, and on the other side by the opponents of the granting of the license. At the same time they had visitors from the old country who cried shame on the system. He would be in favour of local option or any other option that would carry out the views of the temperance bodies. He had always been a thorough teetotaller, and had never drank a glass of grog in his life and he was not therefore saying this for the purpose of catch- ing the teetotallers. In his early days he had seen the horrors of drink, which was the curse in existence, and therefore he would do what he could to suppress rather than create the business. He thanked God that he would not at the present time take a glass of grog. To those who never drank he would say, follow his example and to those who did, he would say, be temperate and not abuse it. He did not belong to any temperance or other society, but was the friend of all. The land question taxed the ability of the best of men. Rather than part in a wholesale manner with the land, he would do all he possibly could to nationalize it. The land was the principal source of their wealth, and was the reason they stood so high. They should do all they could to place it in the hands of the many. That brought him to the remission of interest, He believed it was a just debt, and the free selectors had a right to pay the amount they owed, They had purchased the best land at a low rate, and it they got rid of that asset it would destroy the good opinion they were held in in the home country. In a short time the debt would amount to £9,000,000, which at 5 per cent, would represent £450,000 a year. If it could be shown that owing to unfortunate circumstances they could not pay the interest, he would do all he could to assist them. He had no political creed to refer to, He was simply giving them an opportunity to any who was the best Mr. Cohen or their humble servant, It they thought he was the best, he would not be guided by this party or that. He would give the present Government a fair and consistent support, but no more : he would be more inclined to consider measures, and if he could agree with them he would do all he could to support them, whether introduced by the Government or an individual. If be was defeated it would be the first time he suffered defeat, He had an ambition to advance their interest. He was determined to get to the top of the tree. Whether they sent him or not, he would get into the. House before very long. (Applause.) They should make allowance for the exciting time at the present, and he would ask them to work fair and honestly, and when the contest was over they should extend the right hand of fellowship to each other, and continue to live as they ought to live in brotherly love. (Loud and continued applause ) In answer to questions, Mr. COHEN said he would not attend the House on Friday night, except it was on some important occasions motion had been introduced by Mr." Cameron to raise workmen's wages from 6s to 6s 6d per day. It was argued that the matter was not one which the House should decide, the Minister was the proper person, and be voted with the majority, to refer the matter to the Minister He voted against the principle of a deposit being required at nominations-He would support the present Public Instruction Act in its integrity, and was opposed to payment by results, Mr. FULL-FORD, in reply to queries, said: He would not be in favour of payment by results. He would have no interference with the Act at all. (Applause.) He would not disturb the arrangements for the censing of aid to'denominationalschools. In case the Roman Catholic school buildings were offered to the Government, he would be in favour of purchasing them. The Act provided for it He would make an attempt to get a recreation ground. That was one of the first things he would do. They had been much neglected in that respect. He would be in the House on Friday night He [was not in favour of payment of members. Mr. COHEN, in answer to another question, said he was in favour of a recreation ground, A large number of applications had been received by the Government from Sydney, the suburbs, and the country, The Government were determined to deal with them all on the same foot- ing, and therefore no answer had been received by West Maitland or any other town. The show of hands was then taken, and was declared in favor of Mr. Fullford, The announcement was received with cheers. Mr. COHEN demanded a poll, which the RETURNING OFFICER announced would be taken on Thursday next. Cheers were given for the Queen, the Returning Officer, and the candidates, which terminated the proceedings. 