BOlA] TIC HISTORY OF A BARMIAID. Brneo says that the truth is strange- stranger than fiction. We might (writes the Wellington Chronicle, N.Z.) cite many incidents within our knowledge illustrative of the accuracy of Byron's affirniation. A short time ago a pressman sent to an Aus tralian periodical, in the form of a story, the account of the .marriage, early.death, and burial of a Victorian maiden. :The story contained nothiag but facts which had come within the personal knowledge of the contributor. But the facts were so startling as to appear wholly incredible, and the editor of the periodical in question returned the manuscript to the author, in forming him in a very kind note that when ever he wrote fiction his contributions would, as they had previously been, be welcome and well paid for, but that this narrative of facts was so startling that no one would believe it. Now, there has just occurred in Wellington an incident which, though not so startling as the one above alluded to, yet shows in a very forcible way the chances and changes of colonial life. Many years ago, perhaps nearly a quarter of a century, two youngsters met, loved, and married in Victoria. The courtship had been very short, and the marriage was not happy. The "unhappy pair," after living for six months together in a cat-and dog style, separated for ever. The husband brlted for a new rush which had broken out in a remote part of New South Wales. Subsequently the young wife gave birth to a girl, but the mother died ere the little one was three hours old. Some good old lady adopted the child and reared it. This lady brought up the child in good style, giving her a fashionable education. However, when the " Black Wednesday " dismissals from the Victorian civil service took place, the lady's husband lost his billet, and as he had not saved much money, the wolf soon appeared at the door of the erstwhile happy household. The husband sickened and died. The widow and her adopted daughter were thrown upon their own resources. Times were very bad indeed. The young lady tried for a. situation as governess, but the market was overcrowded, and she did not succeed in obtaining a situation. At last she had to accept a situation as a barmaid. Soon after this her foster mother caught the typhoid fever, then very prevalent in Mel bourne, and in ten days she was laid by the side of her husband in the general cemetery. The girl was afterwards offered a good situ ation as barmaid in a Dunedin hotel, which she accepted. Being possessed of consider able personal attractions, and being better educated than the general run of barmaids, she became a light round whirch the jeunrcse doare fluttered. Her fame reached Welling ton, and she received a tempting offer from a boniface in the empire city. Being tired of the flatteries of the fast men about town in Dunedin, and sick of their not " propos ing," she gladly accepted the chance of fresh fields and pastures new. In Welling ton she was as successful as usual. The gay youths sported around her, but being of a practical turn of mind, she paid far more heed to the attentions of a middle-aged commercial traveller who seemed to have fallen desperately in love with her. She encouraged himn; he proposed and was accepted. They plighted vows of eternal constancy, though Coleridge says that "constancy dwells in realms above." Of course the lover was curious to learn the history of his fiancee. She told him the history of her life, even from the date of her parents' imarriage. She noticed that lhe grow pale as the narrative went on. At last lie started up in horror and exclaimed, "why, you are my own daughter." Com pleto explanations were entered into, and the father rejoiced to have found, after an absence of twenty years, a daughter who was perfectly charming. All this occurred some months ago, and the young lady has since been married to a suitor whose preo tensions she had previously despised. A church organist at Aratoff, near Kieff, lately confessed on his death-bed to the murder, twenty years ago, of a farmer, Hie coinniitted the crisuo wilth Ihe lprieot's pituol, which he stole and then placed in the sacristy, confessed to the priest so as to pro clude the latter from giving evidence against him without infringing the obligation of secrecy, and then went and denounced the priest as the culprit. The priest, who vainly protested his innocence, was sentenced to hard labour for life, and on ehis liberation being applied for on the strength of the organist's death-bed confession the reply was that he had died a few months before. A contest of an exciting character has just taken place in California,. A man named Alfred Ross backed himself against a grizzly for 8000 dollars, Thousands of people assembled to witness the fight, a dollar a piece being charged for admission. Odds were freely laid on the grizzly. The description of what- ensued is quite roman tic. Wrapping a shawl around his arm until it was swathed to the shoulder Boss went into the crowd and asked a young and pretty girl to tie it for him. She gladly did so, using her own handsome scarf for the purpose. foss, in return,-took a diamond ring from his finger and, -" bowing with ex quisite:gallantry," presented it to his fair patroness. _ issing his hand to her, the bold Ross drew his bowie, a terrible weapon weighing four pounds and a half, and sharp as a razor, tightened his belt, and leaped into thearena. A muffled shriek of horror rose from the crowd as they saw the grizzly gash at Ross. -But brain was not in it. One quick upward blow, the bear's under jaw dropped, cut in two. One more quick descending blow behind the shoulder and brain rolled.over'with his heart cloven in twain. Amid a storm of " VFras," Boss wiped his bloody bowie on the grizzly's hide and walked off without a scratch. -S moSGulI Pamsoons.o. - Mr. Stoney informis the Bairnsdale News "that on Sunday, 25th April, while coming from the racecourse in the direction of Bairnsdale at the time mentioned, his attention was drawn to a very peculiar motion of the sun, which seemed to rock to and fro and quiver as though it had come in contact with some opposing body. A number of blacks who were 'camped close by at the time were so exceedingly terrified at the. sight that, after giving vent to the cry, ',see big fellow sun,' made direct for all the worldly chattels they posssssediand commenced to make tracks for what they considered the shelter of the town. This singular appearance in the sun was 'shortly followed by an offshoot of sa large ball of fire, which travelled across the heavens in a southerly direction and for a considerable portion of the distance seemed to, resemble a sort of comet with a blank space between the nucleus and the tail. When nearing the horizon the ball of fire appeared to silently explode into a thousand fragments, illuminating the trees behind which they' appeared to fall likea brilliant display of fireworks." Re~anA rB.E Guosr STrorP.-A correspond ent of the Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the following ghost story :-" As I know you .feel interested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circum stance connected with the death, at Hamil ton, of the late Archdeacon Inunes. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diph theria, and though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was therefore compelled to have re course to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him byhis thoroughgoing earnest ness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage at Hamil ton a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos usoifis to the last, wrote that, going into his study one evening after Lisserman's death, he saw Lisserman standing at the study table, and involun tarily exclaimed, ' holloa ! are you here ? ' ' Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and where I now am there will you soon be I ' Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies, or of im pared physique; and when he saw the ap parition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for.". ScseooLs IN TIE BUsu.-A praiseworthy act is recorded by the Adelong correspond ent of the Tumut Times. He says : -"The important question of giving children a primary education in a rural district has not only been solved, but carried into effect by the few thrifty and industrious farmers of Darlow's Creek. MIr. John Dichardson was conspicuous by his liberality in supplying the material for a school; and the contri butions enabled Messrs. Hubbard and Clyde, the contractors, to complete the structure and also supply the requisite furniture. The good will of an earnest donor, coupled with a free-will offering of about L,14, has produced a building 2.1 x 13 feet. The school was opened on 6th Januu ary last with a roll-call of 21. names, con stituting the juveniles of about eight fami lies. Mr. George Reid is teacher, and ap plication was made a short time ago to the council of education to place this school unrder their jurisdiction." Tue EXPrNSES OF TIE VWAn Is INDIA. Tihe Times of India says:-" The attitude of the home press on the subject of India paying the whole cost of the Afghan war is one of surprised acquiescence. Those who Ihave the management of Indian finance say that it ought to pay the whole, so why shlould people at home challenge the fact ? Every one is supposed to know his own business best, and if the government of India declare, as it Ihas done by the mouth of both the Viceroy and his finance minister, that it is neither right nor necessary that the imperial exchequer should be drawn upon on that account, we can hardly expect the British taxpayer to grumlble at the as surance. The only thing which would cause tIhat much-burdened individual to trouble himself further about the matter would be the suspicion that India was being unjustly dealt by, for the typical British taxpayer is as stubborn about paying his fair share of indebtedness as he is about exacting hIis due in other respects. At present thie unfiirness of saddling India with the whole cost of a war undertaken on behalf of imperial pres tige as much as for the saf-ly of the Indian frontier has not been brougllht hiome to his mind, and that it has not is the fault of Lord Lytton and his financial adviser." A MAono Docvur~s~st.r-Tlhe Wellington correspondent of the Otago ])aily Times writes under date January 28:--"Last evening a voluminous Maori document was received from Tn.wllain, which, on trans lation, proved to be his resignation of his position as a member of the commission on native affairs and his reasons for taking the stop. The resignation is a romarkabloe documont, most voluminonus in its dimen sions, and excoedingly florid in its compo sitiaq,. It is properly sprinklaed with mta-n phors and illustrations. Tawhaia explains the idea which is worked in his mind, and at length culminated in his decision to resign. He says he was walking along M3olesworth-street on the previous day, when he saw a horse and cart being driven by two men sitting thereon. It instantly struck him that he was like that horse. His two brother commissioners' were the men in the eart, and drove him. The horse had blinkers on to prevent its seeing either to the right or the left; so had he. The horse was between two shafts, which prevented its moving to the right or left; so was he. The horse was obliged to go where it was driven by the men in the cart; so was he. The parallel was perfect. He did not like to be driven like a horse.with blinkers on, and between.two shafts, by two commissioners sitting: in a cart loaded to the top with Maori wrongs and grievances. This set him thinking further. It next occurred to his fertile mind that the com mission itself would resemble the action of aman who, in trying to pull out a splinter which had run into another's hand, broke it and left it in the hand, to remain and fester in the wound. He thought that would be the result of the commission. It was only empowered to deal with the mere surface of the grievance, and did not go to the. root of the whole affair-the original ')Waitara difficulty, on which the confiscation was founded. That, in his opinion, was the true cause of the whole trouble; and until the confiscation, which he erroneously alleges to have never re ceived the royal sanction, sand therefore to be illegal, is reversed, he holds that no good can come out of the commission. Therefore, he says, while remaining a faith ful and dutiful subject of the Queen, he declines to act on the commission. The document is highly characteristic alike of the Maori mind and of the unseen but well understood influence which practically dic tated it. Tawhaia's resignation, like that of Tomoana during the late session, is of no real value whatever, and derives its only interest from the dramatic effect with which it is carried out." ADVICE TO PERSONS STARTLIGo Is BUSa-Ess. -Early to bed, and early to rise; never get tight, and advertise. A well-known citizen of Brooklyn, U.S., alike renowned for his wealth and eccen tricity, died a few weeks ago, and his last will and testament was found by his sorrow ing relatives, with whom he had been at odds during his life, to contain the follow ing curious bequest: " I own seventy- one pairs of trousers. It is my desire that they be sold by public auction after my death, and that the product of their sale be dis tributed among the deserving poor of my parish. They must however be disposed of severally to different bidders, no single in dividual being permitted to purchase more than one pair." These directions were duly carried out by the heirs-at-law. The seventy-one pairs of trousers were succes sively knocked dowli to seventy-one pur chasers, and their price was handed over to the parochial authorities. A few days after the sale one of the buyers took it into his head to make a careful examination of his newly-acquired property, and found a small canvas bag neatly sewn up in the waistband Upon opening this bag an agreeable sur prise met his gaze in the shape of ten 100 dollar bills. The tidings of this amazing discovery spread like wildfire throughout Brooklyn and New York, and each fortu nate possessor of a pair of these precious pantaloons was rejoiced to find his investi gation rewarded by the acquisition of a sum equivalent to £200 sterling. It appears that the eccentric testator's heirs have in stituted proceedings to recover the amounts secreted by him in the linings of his trousers from the present proprietors of those gar ments, on the ground that he was obviously out of his mind when he made such an in sensate will. The Americans, it would seem, are putting the English-made soft goods out of the China market; and this fact came out in a civil action recently decided in London. Provand and Co., large foreign traders, brought a suit against Langton and Riley, cotton manufacturers, for selling them gray shirtings for the China market so full of size and clay as to mildew before reaching China. The manufacturers set up as defence the plea that the Chinese preferred cheap, heavily-sized muslins to the genuine article at a higher price. In opposition to this the facts were brought out that, although Joihn Chinamnan may adulterate the goods he sells, he has no fancy for buying them adulterated; that during the last ten years the demand for English cotton goods has steadily decreased in China owing to their fraudulent make ; and that the unadulterated American cotton goods have taken their place. The figures as brought forward at the trial from English consular reports are briefly thlcse : " During the four years ending in 1877 English imports into China of manufactured cotton and wool have bIeen nearly stationary, having fallen in 1873 from £6,624,511 to £41,611,180. In these four years there was a steady increase of American importations, the number of bales of cotton goods in 1874 brought into China being only 3765, while in 1877 they were 26,670." The English manufacturers send goods which, as proved on this trial, contain fifty-six per cent. of cotton and forty-four per cent. of starch, clay, &0.; they declnare that " the Americans will find it a doing business to send genuino goods to an eastern market and will soon have to deteriorate their stuffs to the prices which Chinamen will pay or take their goods to anothelr market." The English consul at Chefoo, the principal port of entry for cottons, however shrewdly remarlks: " Thel attempt to sell glue for cloth to a people skilled in putting iron filings into tea and wvater in silkle is injudicious. Our toxtiles have got us had naIsm in Chiina. Their ldace is supplied by American manufactures?. Last year there were 15,54.1 pieces of EiEnglish drills importod into Chcfoo aganiunst 118,5.14 Amorican. Thle province of Chefoo," he adds, "contains 30,000,000 inhabitants, who are entirely clothed in cotton fabrics." In addressing a crowd at a railway- station Mr. Gladstone said-" I am going to gain a victory. I expect to be supported with a zeal such as will mako Scotland an example for the rest of the klingdorn, and Iwillsweep out of their seats a great many men lwho now represent constituencies in parliamont, and consign them to that retirement for which they are more fitted." 