SUNDAY REAbiNG. A COAT FOR SAMUEL. By the Bey.;T. de Witt Tauuoe. " Moreover his mother made him a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year, when sbe came up with her husband to offer the yearly sacriflce"— i 8am. ii. 19. iHE story of Deborah and Abigail la very ' apt to discourage a woman's soul. She says within herself: " It is impossible that J can ever achieve any such grandeur of char acter, and I don't mean to try;" as though a child should refuse to play the eight notes be cause he cannot execute a u William Tell." This Hannah of the text differs from the per sons 1 just now named. She was an oidioary woman, with ordinary 'intellectual' capacity, placed in ordinary circumstances, and yet, by extraordinary piety, standing out before all the ages to come, the ?model Christian mother*. Hannah was the wife oLElkanab, who was a person very much like hereelf—unromautic and plain, never having fought a battle or been the subject of a marvellous escape. Neither of tbem would have been called a. genius. Just what you und I might be, that was Elkanah and Hannah. Tho brightest time in all the history of that family was the birth of Samuel. Alihough iio star ran along the heavens point ing down to his birth- place, I think the angels of God stooped at the coming of so wonderful a prophet. As Mimuel had been given in an swer to prayer^ Elkanah and all his family, 8ave Hannah, started up to Shiloh to offer sacrifices of thanksgiving. The cradle where the child slept was altar enough /or Hannah's grateful heart; but whferi the boy-;was old'enough she took him to Shiloh, and took three bullocks, and an cphah of'flour,'and'a''bottle of wine, and made an offering. of; sacrifice unto the Lord, and there, according to u previous vcw, she left him f for there he was to stay all the days ofhis life, and minister in .the temple. Years ;rolled on; and every ^ycar Hannah made with "her o'wn'hahd'a garihent'fdr Sam'tiel, aud took it.oyer to him.;;/rhe iud would have got along well without that garm?nV for T suppose he wn8**clnd- by the ministry of the. temple; but Hannah could not be.eoutenfed ^unless she wusall thV time doing hoihetbing for her daf ling boy. Moreover his niothor made him |a little coat, and brought it to him from year to year,;wheU'she cain'o up with> her husband to offer the yearly sacrifice.*' { llanah stands before yon, then, to-day, in thiTflrst place, as an industrious mother. There was no need for her to work. Klkan&h;, her hustjand, yras far from poor.- Tie belonged to a'distinguished family ;»'for the Biblo tells us that he was the son of Jerohom, the son of ElifaiU;Yhe son of.Tohu, the son ofZuph. " Who are they ? " you say. I do not know; but they were distinguished people, no doubt, or their names-would not have been mentioned.-Hannah might have seated herself in her fumily, aud, with folded arms aud dishevelled hair, read novcls from year to year, if- there had been any to read ; but when I neo her mukiug that garment, and taking it over to Samuel, 1 know she is industrious frtftri principle ria'weirasTrom pleasure. God would not have a mother be come a drudge or a sl iyo; Ho won d have liir empldy .lhe Kolp.^ p^jbl.i;in{this day in tlj» rearing of her 'children, '-lint* 'Hannah ouuht never to be ashamed to be,found making acoilt for Samuel. j Most mothers nocd no counsel in this direction'.!-.iTh'ei wrinkles on their brow, the pallor on thur chiek, the thimble-ninrk on their finger, attest that :they ,'are faithful in their maternal duties! The" bloom, and'the brightness, and the vivacity of girlhood have given place fur tho grandurvdigmty.-ciiud use fulness} and^ industry dfr^iuotherhoqd. But there is a heathenish idea getting abroad ui soino of the families of Americans; there are mothers who banish tKemselves'froin tho 'horde circle. . For three-fourths of their maternal | duties they prove themselves incompetent, i They; are ignorant of what their children wear, I and'what their children-'eat;-and what their i children read. They entrust to irresponsible i persons these young immortals; and allow'them to-be under influence's wKich may iripplo^ tbeir bodies, or taint their purity, or spoil their manucrs, or destroy their bouU From the awkward cut of Samuel's'coat you kuow his mother Hannah did not mako it. Out from under flaming- chandeliers, , and ^offyfrom im ported carpets', 'ahd-dcrwn- the- grariite stairs, there is come a groat crowd of children in this day, untrained, saucv, incompetent for all practical duties of life, ready to bo caught in the first whirl of crime and sensuality. In dolent and uufaithful mothers will, make in dolent aud unfaithful children. You cannot expect neatness and order iu any - house where the daughters see nothing but slatterness and upside-downatireness iu their parents. Let Hannah be idle, and most certainly Samuel will grow up idle. Who are the industrious men in all our occupations arid professions P Who are they, managing the merchandise of the world, building tho walh, tinniug tho roofs, weaving tho.carpets, niuking the laws, govern ing the nations, making the eartk~>to quake, and heavo. 'aud roar, and rattle with'the1 tread of gigantic enterpr ses? Who are they? For the most purt, they desconded from industrious mothors, who,"in" the old homestead, used to spin their own yarn, aud weave their own car pets, aud plait their owu door-mats, aud flag their own chairs, and do their own workr* TUo stalwart men and influential women of this day, ninety-nine out of a hundred of them, came from such an illustrious ancestry of hard knuckles and homespun. And who are these people in society, light as froth, blown every whither of temptation and fashion—the pedlera of filthy stories, the dancing-jacks of political parties, the scum of society, the tavern-lounging the store-infesting, the inen of low wink, and filthy chuckle, and brass breast-pin, and rotten associations? For the most part, they caire from mothers idle and disgunling—the scandal mongers of society, going froin house to house attending to everybody's bnsiness but their own; believing in witches, and ghosts, and horse-ahoes, to keep the devil out of the chnrn, and by a godless life setting their children on the very verge of hell. The mothers of Samuel Johnson, and of Alfred the Great, and of Isaac Newton, and of Saint Augustine, and of Richard Cecil, and of President Kd wards, for the most part were industrious, hard-working mothers. Now while I congratulate all Chris tian mothers upon the wealth and the modern science which may afford them all kinds of helpj let me say that every mother ought to be - observant of her children's walk, her children's behaviour, her children's food, her children's bcoka, her children's companionships. How ever much help Hannah may have, 1 think she ought every year, at least, to make one garment for Samuel. The Lord have mercy on the man who is so unfortunate as to have a lazy mother! Again : Hannah stands before you to-day as an intelligent mother. From tbe way in which ; she talked in this chapter, and from the way she managed this boy, you know she'was in-' tellisrent. There are no persons in a com munity'who need to be so wise and well-informed as mothers. 0, this work of culturing children for this world and the next. This child is timid, and it must be roused up and pushed out into, activity. This child is forward, and he must be held back, and tamed down into modesty and politeness. Rewards for one, punishments for another. That which will make George, will ruin John. The rod isnecea Bury in one case, while a frown of displeasure is more than enough in another. Whipping; and a dark closet do not exhaust all the rounds of^ domestic discipline. There have been children who have grown up and gone to glory without ever having had their ears boxed. 0, how much care and inteJlisrenco is necessary in the rearing of children J Bat in this day, when there are so many books on this subject, no parent is excusable in being ignorant of the best mode of bringing up u child. If parent* knew more of dietetics, there would not be so many dyspeptic stomachs, and weak nerves, and inactive livers among children. Ifparenta knew mora of physiology, there would not be so many curved opines, aud cramped chests, and iufUroed throat*, and diseased lungs, as thero are among children. Ifpnrenthknewmoreof art, and were in sympathy with all that in beautiful, there would.not be so many children coming out in the world with boorish proclivities. If parents knew more of Christ and practised more • of his religion, there would not be so many little feet already starting on the wrong road, : and all around us voices of riot and blasphemy would not come up with such ecatacy of in- - fernal triumph. The eaglets in the eyrie have no advantages over the eaglets a thousand years ago ; the kids have no superior way of climb ing up the rocks th&u; the old goats taught them hundreds of years ago; the whelps know no more now than did tbe whelps of ages ago— tbey are taught no more by the lions of the desert: but it is a abamethat in this day, when there are so many opportunities of improving ourselves in tho best manner of culturing children, that so often there is no more advance- . ment in this respent than there has been among tho kids, and the eaglets, and tht whelps. Again: Hannah stands before you to-day as a Christian mother. From her prayers; and • from the way she consecrated her boy to God, 1 know she was good. A mother may have - the finest culture, the most brilliant surround ings; but she is not fit for her duties unless she be' a ; Christian mother. There may be well-read libraries in the houso; and exquisite music iu'the parloni rand -the canvas of the best'artists adorning-'the walls ; and the ward-' robe! be*crowdedwith tastefnl apparel; and the •' children ho wonderful for their attainments, and make.the.- house ring with laughter and' iunocent.inirth; but there is something woeful- ., looking in that house, if it be not also the reai dence of a Christian mother. I bless God tbat.: I there aro not many, pruyerless mothers—not I many of them. - The weight of responsibility is , so great that they feel the need of a Divine hand to help, and a Divine voice to comfort, and a Diviue heart to sympathise. Thousands of mothers have been lead into the kingdom of God by tbe hands of their little children. There are hundreds of mothers in this house to-day who;would not have been Christians had it not been for the prattle of their little ones. Stand ing some day in tho nursory, they bethought themselves, " this child God has given ma to raise for eternity. What is my influence upon it? Not being a l hristian myself, how can I ever expect him to become a Christian. Lord, help me!" Oh, are there anxious mothers in this house to day, who buow nothing of the infinite help of religion ? Then I commend you to Hannah the pious mother of Samuel. Do not think it is absolutely impossible that your children come up iniquitous. Out of just such fair brows, and bright eyes, and soft hands, and innocent hearts, crime gets its victims—ex tirpating purity from the heart, and rubbing out the smoothness from the brow, and quench ing tbe lustre of the eye, and shrivelling up, and poisoning, and putrefying, and scathing, , and scalding, and blasting, and burning with shame and woe. Kvery child is a bundle of tremendous possibilities; and whether that child shall come forth in life, its heart attuned to the eternal harmonies, and after a life of usefulutss on earth to go to a life of joy in hea wn; ox, whether across it shall jar eternal dis cords, nud after a life of wrong-doing on earth, it shall so to a home of impenetrable darkness aud an abyss of immeasurable plunge, is being . . decided by nursery song, and Sabbath lesson, and evening prayer, and walk, and ride, &n;<L. look, And frown, and smile. O, how manyl(l children in glory! crowding all the battle*-,;.*■ mcnta and lifting a million-voiced hosanna— brought to God through Christian parentage! One hundred and twenty clergyman were to gether, and thov- were telling their experience, and their ancestry; and of the onohundred and twenty clergymen, how many of them do you suppose assigned^as the means of their conver-. sion, the influence of a Christian mother ? One 'hundred ontof the hundred and twenty! Philip Doddridge was brought to God by the Scrip ture lesson on the Dutch tile of the chimney fire-place. The mother thinks she is only rocking -a child; but at tho same time she may he rocking the destiny of empires—rock ing the fate of "nations—rocking the glories of of heaven. The same maternal power that may lift a child up, may press a child down. A daughter came to a worldly mother and said she was auxions about her sins, and she . had been praying all nigbt. The mother said:O, stop praying! I don't believe iu praying. Get | over all those religious notions, and I'll. over all those religious notions, and X11. give | yoa a dress that will cost five hundred dollars, and you may wear it next week to that party. The daughter took the dress; and she moved in the gay circle, the gayest of all the gay that night; and snroenough, all religious impres sions were gone, and she stopped praying. A few months after, she came to die; and in..her closing moments said: " Mother,;I .wish, you would bring me that dress that cost five hundred dollars." The mother thought it a very strange request; but she brought it to please the dying child. "Now/ said the daughter,, "mother, hang that dress on the foot of .my bed;" and the dress was hung there, on the .-,foot ,of the, bed. Then the dying girl got up on ope, elbow and looked at her mother, and then pointed to the dress, and said: "Mother, that"dress is the price of my . soul 1 " 0, what momentous, thing it is to be'a mother! Again, and lastly: Hannah stands before yon to-day the rewarded msther. For all the coats she made for Samuel; for all the prayers she offered for him; for thediscipline she exerted ovor him, she got abundant compensation in the piety, and the usefulness and the popularity of her son Samuel; and that is true in all ages. Every mother gets full pay for all her prayers and tears in behalf of her children. That man useful in commercial life; that man prominent' in the profession; that master mechanic—why, every step he takes in life has an echo of glad ness in the old heart that long ago taught him to be <8 Christian, and horoic, and - earnest. The story of what you have done, or what you have written, of the influence you have oxerted, baa gone hade to the old homestead—for there is some one always ready to carry good tidings —and that story makes the needle in the old mother's tremulous hand fly, quicker, and the fliii in the father's hand come down upon the barn floor with a more vigorous thump. Par ents love to hear good news from tl eir children. Do you send them good news always? I*ook ! out for the - young man who speaks of his i father as the -«-• governor," the " squire," or the I " old chap." - Ixiok out for the young woman who calls her mother her " maternal ancestor," or the<( old woman." " The eye that mocketh at hif father, and refuseth to obey his mother^ the ravens of the valley shall pick it out, and the yonng eagles shall eat it." God grant that all these parents may have the great satisfaction of seeing their children grow up Christians. But oh, the pang of that mother who, after a life of street-gadding, and gossip retailing, hanging on her children the fripperies and follies of this world, sees those children tossed out on the sea of life like foam on the wave,'or nonentities in a world where only brawny and stalwart character can stand the shock! But blessed he the mother who looks upon her children as sons and daughters of the Lord Almighty! Oh, the satisfaction of Hannah in seeing Samuel serving at the altar, of Mother Ennice in seeing her Timothy learned in the Scriptures. Thut is the mother's recompense; to see children coming up useful iu the world, reclaiming the lost, healing the sick, pitying the ignorant, earnest and useful in every sphere. That throws a new light back on the old family Bible whenever she reads it; and that will be ointment to soothe the aching limbs of decrepitude, and light np the closing hours of life's day with the glories of. an autumnal sunset! There she sits—the old Christian mother ripe for heaven. Her eyesight is almost gone; but the splendours of the celestial city kindle Up her vision. Tho gray, light of heaven's dorn "has struck through the gray locks which are folded back over the wrinkled temples. She stoops very'much now under the burden of care she used to carry for her children. She aits at bometb-day,too. old to find'her way to ;the bouse of God; but while she sits there, all the past domes back, and the children-that forty years ago trooped around her arm-chair with their griefsaod joys, and sorrows—those chil-'' dren are gone now. Some caught up into a better'realm, where they shall never die, and others out in-the broad1 world; attesting the excellency of a Christian! mother's disciplined Her laat?ldays are !full of peace; and calmer and sweeter yfllber spirit become, until the gates of life shall lift and let in the worn-out pilgrim-into eternal spring- tide and youth, where thelimbs never ache, and the eyes never grow dim, and the*staff of the exhausted and de crepit! pilgrim shall- become the palm of the immortal athlete! •'' " r' ; . <•• • : r» 