GENERALITIES. Hard wear—tight "boots. A floor party—the baker. An old inarch—Themarchof time. That's gnome matter—a ghost Btory. Held for further.hearing—the ear trumpet. When a man proposes he makes his maiden effort. Sound investments—shares in a Telephone Company. Schoolboys who get "whaled" do a deal of blubbering. Flattery is like Cologne water, to be sniffed ' at, not swallowed. That princely tattoo business is a pieoe of middy-evil barbarism. Kite tails will feel lost when telegraph wires have been pat under ground. - " Love ;laughs at locksmiths," and yet there isn't anything funny about a locksmith. - Gracefully arched eyebrows (says the Boston Courier) are Beauty's triumphal arches. It certainly shows public spirit in the [man who contracts a disease that is spreading. . This world without woman—lovely woman would be like a blank Bheet of paper—not eyen - ruled. Domestic bliss—Kissing the maid of all work. Domestic blister—When your wife surprises you ■ in the act. Chicago has a harrowing. divorce case— " Flows v. Plows." Opinions are divided, share and share alike. ' ' Hp kissing by telephone for us. We prefer to - take the electricity direct from the battery.— WhitehallTimeB. The barber sends his. children to the carpen ter's for Shavings, and the shoemaker sends his - to school'for whacks. How soon popular songs become old. 'Even now(> My Grandfather's Clock" may be classed ■ ambngthe old-time pieces. ... The philosophy of a .dog's running, when a ■ can is tied to'nis tail, instead of biting the string. off, is not very clearly understood. If they are going to rebuild the Bridge of Tay as expected ,~wouldn't it be a good idea to use something stronger—coffee, for instance ? - With one hand he held her beautiful golden head above the chilling wave, and witn the other called loudly for assistance;—(Extract from a ■ Bomance.) . > ; A sailor is Bot a sailor when he'is "aboard; a sailor is not a sailor, when he is a shore; but he must be either ashore or aboard;,therefore,a sailor is not a sailor. The expression "making your pile," is used to signify getting rich. The reason why so few - get their pile is doubtless because there1 are many more pile- drivers than piles. Father (who is always trying to teach his son how to act while at table)—"Well, John, you see that when I have finished eating I always leave the table." John —"Yes, Sir, and that is about all you do leave." The Austrian soldier gets only one meal a day In times of peace. This makes him hanker for war times, when he gets two.—(Detroit Free Press.) Wouldn't he rather have " a piece" be tween meals ?—Cincinnati Commercial. George W. Lathrop, the sculler, has been arrested in Albany, charged with forgery.— Utica Herald. Well, it takes something of a ■ sculler to be a forger. Any blacksmith can saw a boat in two.—Buffalo Courier. Professor B. A. Proctor is said to have been devoted to astronomy even in his boyhood, A writer for the Traveller, of Boston, says that Mr. Proctor is very proud of the appreciation in which his books are held by Americans. A Western newspaper says Bancroft never had any children, but that he is blessed with two nice grandchildren. Not Hub Motto.—A policeman was the other day halted near the City Hall by a woman with a parcel in her hand, and she requested to be directed to the store where they sold mottoes. He asked which particular store she wanted, and she explained:—" Well, I can't tell. My old man came to town yesterday, and I wanted him to buy the motto of ' God bless our home.' He got in somewhere where they told him that stylish folks no longer hung up that motto, and the old idiot went aud brought home this one." She unrolled the parcel and held up a card on which was tastily paintedDon't ask for credit—our terms are cash." " You needn't grin," she said, as she rolled up the card again " I'm heavy on foot, and the walking is bad, but I'm going to walk this town till I find the man who got this thing off on Samuel for " God bless our home."—Detroit Free PresB. An Even Thing.—The other day two strangers were toasting their shins on opposite sides of a big stove in a ferry wharf saloon, and it was noticed that they often looked at each other as if almost certain that they had met somewhere before. Finally one of them got up and said, " Stranger, I've seen a face almost like yours. Did you ever have a brother Bill?" "Yes." "Was he a sailor?" "He.was." "Didyou hear of him last about ten years ago ?" " Yes, just about ten years ago," " Strangers," con tinued the first, seeming greatly affected," I've sailed with your brother Bill. We were wrecked together on the Pacific, and before help came I bad to kill and eat him! I knew you must .be . related. Tm awfully sorry it was your brother, and though I was driven to it and the law can't touch me I'm willing to pay you damages. Be kinder fair with me, for Bill was old and tough. Abont bow much do you think ia fair ?" The other wiped a tear from his eye, .spat across the stove, and replied:—"Stranger, where is your dad?" "Been dead these twelve years." "Died in Nevada, didn't he?" "Yes, out there some where." " Well, I killed him! I knew you were his son the minute I saw you. He and I were in a mine, and one day as we were going up in the bucket I saw that the old rope was going to break under the strain. When we were up about 200 feet, I picked up your old dad and dropped him over. It was bad on him,, bnt it saved me. Now, you ate my brother Bill, and I murdtred your dad, and I guess we'd better call it even and shake to see wlio pays for the drinks." They shook, drank, and the old lake captains who could not tell a lie had to sit back and realize how aad it was that they were born with such tender consciences. — Detroit Free Pres. " I, fur one," says an ancient negro, whose scyings are recorded in the proceedings of the " Limekiln Club'' in the Detroit Free Frees, " hev bin pained to obsarve a growin' desire on de part o' cull'd folkses to knock deir cbill'en down wid silver-plated front names. Up in my block ebery cabin bez a Hortense, or a Maud, or a Genevieve, who will grow up to go bar'fut in summer an' bend ober de washtub in winter. I believe dat half what ails de niggers now-days am deir faDcy names. I tell ye, dey am a powerful burden for a chile to carry. Noyoung gal wid a big foot an a mouf like a Bassar am gwine to look any purtier for bein' called Cleopatra Viva Olarabell. No, sab. Ize a believer in-de good ole-fasbun names, sich as Polly, Dinah, Ohloe, Sam, Tom. an' Jim. Dar's Buntbin' squar' an' honest in 'em, an' dey weigh sixteen ounces to de pound. Dis kentry am tryin' to get rid of 'em, an' Banks am bustin', men stealin', towns bnrnin' np, an' tornsdieB sweepin' o'er de land. I tell ye, an honest, straightforward name is half to'rds keepin' a chile honest, an' if I kept a grocery store I'd trust Moses all day long an' keep boaf eyes on Adolphus!" 