Nobelist. THE HAUNTED GRANGE BY "E. A. C." CHAPTER XIV. (Continued.) "I left the room, not without having noticed that he had securely locked the desk in which the letter had been placed. Then it was that I first thought of playing the part of the monk. I felt certain the letter contained something of importance to you, sir, and I determined to try and gain it. In olden days I had often taken a share in amateur theatrical performances gos up by the officers and men belonging to the different regiments where I was stationed, and some of the dresses I had worn were still in the bullock-trunks I had brought from India, when I returned home as General Willoughby's private servant. The night was a clear, moonlight one, and I determined to make my first attempt at once. I knew every nook and corner of the cloisters, and I resolved, should Mr, Eastace pursue me, to disappear in a niche which I remembered opened into a small passage, doubtless one of the many hiding-places known in poor Randolph de Clairvaulx's time. Hastily rolling np a monk's dress, which, strangely enough, was amongst my theatrical disguises, I left the Grange, and cautiously followed Mr. Eustace for some distance, to make certain if he were going towards the cloisters. When I saw that he turned in their direction I struck off through the trees, by a path which took me to the other end of the ruins long before Mr. Eustace reached the spot— where you are now stand- ing. I concealed myself in the shadow of one of the arches— though there was little to dread from passers-by, the country people avoiding the cloisters as soon as the sun had set— and put on the long, black robe, drew the cowl so far forward that my face was completely hidden within its folds. I had often heard the monk's attitude described, and had, therefore, no difficulty in personat- ing him. I felt sure that Mr. Eustace must by this time have arrived at the front entrance to the cloisters, and, drawing a pair of thick, woollen socks on my feet, to deaden the sound of of my steps, I commenced my adventure. Ere long, I caught sight of Mr. Eustace standing by the very tree against which Major Vernon is leaning. Being full moon that evening, of course every object stood out distinctly in the bright light. He seemed lost in thought, and as I was only occasionally visible when I passed through the beams falling from the cloister-windows on the pavement below, I believed I had every prospect of arriving close to the niche I have already mentioned. I had come up the passage as far as that window where the branches of wild rose are waving," the soldier continued, turning round and pointing down to a particular casement, "when I knew, by the start Mr. Eustace gave, that he had seen me. For a moment he seemed doubtful, bending forward as if to make out my figure more plainly, but as I moved silently for- ward, and came into the full light, he threw his arm around the tree and became of such a deathly paleness, that I almost expected to see him drop lifeless at my feet." "It is marvellous he did not, Wilson," his master exclaimed, with his heart in the condition it was." "Poor Mr. Eustace," the soldier answered, his weather-beaten face looking sorrowful enough ; "I knew nothing of those terrible attacks, or, believe me, sir, I would never have played such a trick upon him. I only thought of how to gain that letter for you." "I am quite sure of that, Wilson," Captain Willoughby said, kindly, and the soldier resumed his story. "I saw heavy clouds gathering, and knew that, before long, the moon would be hidden for a while, so I continued to approach Mr. Eustace, until I could almost have touched him. Anything like the horror his face expressed I have never seen ; I am sure no other thought was in his mind than that the spirit of the murdered monk stood before him. Just then a black cloud obscured the moon, and I, taking advantage of it, retreated to the niche, and pressing a spring, entered the little passage, and, passing through it, made my way as quickly as I could back to the Grange, very well satisfied with my first attempt at personating Randolph de Clair- vaulx." "It is strange I never heard of that open- ing, Wilson," his master said, after a short pause ; "will you show it to us ? Did you know of it, Cuthbert ?" "Not I," answered Major Vernon ; "if I had, it might have given me a clue as to where the monk had disappeared the night poor Isabel and I met it, for I suppose you entered it then ?" he added, turning to the soldier. Wilson laughed. "Yes, major, it would not have done to have tried any other plan with you. You are too swift a runner for me to have attempted to escape by flight. Will you come this way, captain, and I will show you the passage ?" They all followed him and entered the niche, which was flooded with the bright moonlight. The soldier touched a large stone in the centre of the wall, and, to their astonishment, the whole mass receded, show- ing a narrow, dark entrance. "Will you come in, Violet," her husband asked, "and walk through it ? We shall understand Wilson's story more clearly after doing so." "Better not, sir," the man said, hastily. "The air is very close from being so shut in, and it might make Mrs. Willougbby feel faint. Perhaps the major will come with me, and I will show him the outlet. It is near the ruined wall, but be hidden by bushes and undergrowth that no one, ignorant of the fact, would imagine there was any opening. I will close the stone as we enter." "Perhaps it will be the best plan," Herbert said. "You look tired, Violet, so we will go back, and Cuthbert will follow when he has finished his exploring. Wilson," he added, turning to the soldier, "you will find us in the library. I want to ask a few ques- tions about the night you appeared there to Mr. St. John and myself." "Very well, sir," was the man's reply, as he touched the stone and was hidden from view. "One can scarcely imagine an opening was there just now, Herbert," Violet ex- claimed. "Do you know," she continued, lifting her sweet face to his, "I am so glad to have heard Wilson's story ? Of course, I knew it must be a trick, but it made me nervous to think that, whoever it might be that played it, we were subject at any time to be alarmed by it." Captain Willoughby drew her closer to him. "I am very glad too, Violet ; but, my darling, I never intended to settle down here unless the mystery of the monk, were solved. Much as I love the dear old Grange and all belonging to it, I would never have risked your health and happiness by staying in it whilst you were liable to meet that figure." The evening had fairly closed in when Major Vernon and Wilson entered the library. "You must come down to-morrow, Wil- loughby," the former said, as he sat down by the fire, that was still pleasant of a night. "It is a most curious hiding-place, and I have no doubt that we might find several others with a little searching for them." "Very likely," Herbert answered. "And now, Wilson, for what puzzles me even more than the cloister mystery— how did you manage to appear in this room in the way you did ?" A look of amusement crossed the soldier's face. "Would Mrs. Willoughby like to see the monk for once, sir ?" he asked. "He shall enter by the very way that so puzzles you if she would like him to do so." Violet laughed. "I should like it very much, Wilson ; I shall not feel frightened now." The man left the room, and, ere many minutes had passed, the panel of the wall beside the oaken cabinet retreated, and the monk, one arm uplifted, and his face hidden in the folds of his cowl, advanced towards them. A hushed silence fell on the three who stood looking at the figure. Violet's hand clasped closer that of her husband, while a shudder ran through her frame. Even though she knew it was but Wilson in disguise, a feeling of terror came over her at the sudden appearance, the noiseless approach, the unearthly look of the monk. Cuthbert and Herbert were silent from sheer astonishment, and it was only the nervous pressure of Violet's hand that at last roused the latter. "Throw back that cowl, Wilson," he exclaimed ; "I can scarcely believe the truth even now. Let us see your face, and then tell us how you can manage to enter the room in this way." The soldier obeyed. Pushing the dark hood on to his shoulders, the contrast between the weather-beaten face, with the eyes, and mouth expressive of the greatest amusement, and the sombre, gloomy dress, was so ludicrous a one, that Major Vernon and Herbert involuntarily broke into a fit of laughter, and Violet smiled as she thought of her momentary terror. "No, wonder that you and poor St. John marvelled at the apparition," Cuthbert said ; "but Wilson, how did you learn the secret spring ?" "It was about six months before the general's death, sir, that I first knew of it ; he had just purchased that picture which hangs over the fireplace, and had called me in to undo the case in which it had been packed. After fixing on several places, the general at last determined on hanging it on the panel which moved back on my entrance just now ; but, to our surprise on my driving in a nail, we found, from the hollow sound, that some vacant place was behind it. The general at once devined the truth, that we had come upon some hiding place built in the time of the monks.'' "I have heard my father say, Wilson, that both the Grange and the clois- ters were full of such places, but I do not remember having found any except this one, and that in the cloister- niche,' he said' to me, as we stood pass- ing our hands over the panel, trying to find the spring. We did so at last ; here it is, captain," the soldier continued, turning round and laying his hand on a bunch of grapes, beautifully carved, about half way up it. He again touched the spring, and the whole party entering, the aperture, found themselves, in a room, of some four feet square, and lighted from the top in a man- ner, that spoke well for the architect's in- genuity. "But how can you get in here, Wilson," his master asked ; "where doos it lead ?'' For a reply, the man crossed the room, and, kneeling down, pressed a stone in the wall, which, receding, left to view a narrow, winding staircase. Groping their way down, they arrived in another room of the same size as the one they had just quitted, and dimly lighted, by some faint gleam of moonlight, which entered by some crevices, evidently made to admit air and light. Again Wilson touched some spring, and they found themselves standing beneath the broad, wide steps that led up to the hall door of the Grange. "A clever hiding place, is it not, sir ?" the soldier said, smil- ing at their surprise. "No one would fancy there was one under their feet as they go up and down those steps." "No, indeed," Captain Willoughby an- swered. "I do not think the architects of the present day could plan one to equal this ; but, Wilson, you left the opening into the library unfastened, it would be as well for you to run up and close it, I do not wish anyone but ourselves to know of it." "That is true, sir," the man replied ; "I will go up at once," and he turned to re-enter. "Wait a moment," said Major Vernon, "I should like to go up again." The two disappeared, leaving Herbert and his wife still on the terrace. "Wilson,'' Cuthbert said, when they had regained the library, "there is one more question I want to ask you— did you know of that letter announc- ing poor Everard's death when you met Mrs. St. John and myself in the cloisters ?" A disappointed look crossed the soldier's face. "Do you think so badly of me, Major Vernon ?" he asked ; "do you really think I could have played such a trick upon you, had I known what terrible news had arrived ? I had hoped you thought better of me, major," he concluded, his rugged face working with emotion. Cuthbert turned to him, his whole kindly nature showing in the eyes that were dimmed by the recollection of his gallant brother's untimely fate, and by the un- feigned affection of the man standing before him. "Pardon me, Wilson," he said ; "my question was indeed a needless one ; none who know you as we all do could doubt your affection for us. I did not ask it with that thought in my mind. I was only wondering if my sister's laughing, remark about the "monk telling us some news" might have put the idea into your head. You remember her saying it, I daresay ; you had just entered with some letters for Mr. St. John. That one announcing Everard's murder must have been amongst them." "Yes, major, though I, of course, knew nothing of it then. Mrs. St. John's remark certainly made me think of again dis- guising myself ; I never dreamt of it frightening her as it did, or I would not have done it. You do not think it in any way hastened her illness, sir ?" he added, looking anxiously at Major Vernon. "No, Wilson," was the kind reply ; "do not let that trouble you. Her illness is one that runs in my mother's family, and had poor Isabel's life been an utterly untroubled one, I do not think she would have lived long. She was never strong." "I am glad from my heart to hear you say so, major ; I should never have for- given myself had it been otherwise. After I disappeared in the niche, I hurried back to the house, fearing my absence might be discovered ; and it was well I did so, for I had not been five minutes in the hall when the library bell rang, and Mr. St. John, looking terribly shocked, told me to search for you, as there was bad news which must be kept from Mrs. St, John. Would you like to know how I obtained the papers at last, sir ?" Cuthbert nodded. "When I found that he was resolved not to give them up to the captain, I determined to watch him, for my mind misgave me, from some words he had dropped when giving me the message for my master, that he intended destroying them that night. Hardy's restless- ness from face-ache made him so wakeful, I feared I should be too late, as I had heard Mr. St. John softly re-enter the library. At last Hardy dropped asleep, and I, dressing myself in the monk's robe, crept down the servants' staircase, and through the hall to the front door, which I had purposely unlocked the last time I had passed through the hall. I went round to the library window, which Mr. Eustace had left open. The curtains were drawn back, I suppose, to admit the moonlight, for the gas was not lit. Mr. St. John was standing before the cabinet, whose doors he had just opened. He seemed endeavouring to find some spring, for I saw him pass his hand several times over one particular part of the carving. Suddenly a drawer sprang open, displaying a carefully tied up parcel. Mr. Eastace took it, and, with his eyes still fixed upon it, turned round. I had in the meantime, entered by the window, and moved close to him, so that, on his turning, he found himself face to face with me. His look of terror was something awful to witness. The packet fell from his hands, and, as I approached still nearer, with a low cry of horror, he stepped back, and, striking his head against the door of the cabinet, dropped senseless almost at my feet. I bent over him, fearing he was dead, but I soon found it was merely a faint, and dreading that he might recover consciousness before I had left, I hastily caught up the parcel, and, touching the spring in the wall, made my way to my room, where, fortunately, I found Hardy still sleeping. "I left the Grange early the next morning, and on arriving in London, gave the letters to Mrs. Grey, and then started on my leave, so as not to allow of anyone questioning me as to how I had obtained them. I only returned the very morning Captain Willoughby was starting to attend the funeral of your poor little nephew, and in the hurry of succeeding events, my master, I suppose, forgot to make any inquiries. Sometimes I fancy Mr. Eustace may have given him some clue as to who took the papers, but I may be mistaken. And now, Major Vernon, I think I have explained the whole of the mystery about the monk and his visits." "You have indeed, Wilson, and I am much obliged to you for doing so. I confess your acting almost made me believe in ghosts !" The soldier smiled. "That is the greatest compliment I ever had in my life. Shall I get your light, sir ?" he added, as the young officer glanced at the clock. "Thanks, Wilson," was the reply ; and good-night." "Good-night, major," the soldier answered heartily as he turned away to his nightly examination of the house. Captain Willoughby and Violet had remained, for some time after their companion's departure, gazing in silence on the beautiful landscape that lay bathed in moonlight around them. "Violet," her husband at last said, "I am so glad that those seeming mysteries have been ex- plained.'' "Yes," she answered, looking up at him with her lovely face so full of innocent happiness that Herbert wondered if earth could show another so pure and childlike in its exquisite beauty ; "the dear old home will lose the name that has clung to it for so long." Herbert Willoughby drew his wife closer to him, and his voice involuntarily took a more reverent tone, as he said earnestly : "Thank God for it, my darling ; the evil spirits of envy and hatred have darkened it too long by their unhappy presence. Let us pray, Violet, that God's Holy Spirit shall alone rule and reign henceforth in the hearts of those who shall inhabit the former "Haunted Grange." [THE END.] 