MUNICIPAL SUBSIDES. Councillor J. Daly took occasion to call the attention of the Town Council of Emerald Hfll at its last sitting, to the misleading nature of the estimate laid upon the Coun- cil table, of the receipts of the year 1880-81. According to the estimate, £2,100 would be received by the Council; as the Government endow ment with, £250 additonal for parks and gardens. This he contended was not likely to be realised, as it was well known that, the financial pos- ition of the colony, was such as to render it more than probable the Government would largely reduce the annual subsidy to municipal bodies. The wisdom of Cr. Daly's remarks is now manifest. In his budget speech, Mr. BERRY, referring to the subject, said ".Though the Government did not feel justified, in dropping the endowment to local bodies altogether, they considered it ought to be reduced, and also be distributed in a different way from that in which it had been heretofore distributed. Under the present distribution it was well known who received the largest amount of the endowment. Cities, towns, and boroughs are included in it. They had been discontinued for a number of years, but were again included at the time of passing the Local Government Act. The estimates for the half-year have been fixed at £100,000 instead of £155,000. That will bring the subsidy to June 1SS1, and before' another amount is due, I trust there will be some legislation on the question." In view of the action taken by the Government, the municipal bodies affected are taking steps to secure parliamentary influence in favour of a continuance of the present rate of endowment. A meeting convened by the president of the shire, was held at Nunawading an the 29th inst, at which the following resolu tions were passed: 1. " That serious loss would arise to the welfare of the country, by the with drawal of the present amount of endowment." 2. " That in many districts, it would be impossible to make new roads, and in others, to maintain the old ones, should the en dowment be withdrawn. 3. That this meeting considers the question of endowment of sufficient impoi tr ance to be settled by itself, and desires that no extraneous matter, such as closed roads or any other question, be mixed up with it. When speaking to the resolutions, one of the Councillors remarked, that there was a strong disposition on the part of politicians of all political parties, not only to abolish inunicpal endowments, but to saddle local councils with additional re sponsibilities. The Emerald Hill artillery and the Naval Bgsorre held a church .parade on Sunday ast (Hospital Sunday) when, on aecovint o£ ,he unpropiliouB weather, divine service vas celebrated in the Town Hull instead of ,he open air service, which heretofore has ,een held in Albert Park. The building vaa crowded to its \itmost capacity. . The .rtiliery was under the command of Captain :wycr >33, the parage showing three officers, iv* cergemts, and sevonfcy-six rank aud lie present. Captain Eullavton was in ommand of the Naval Brigade, of whom hew -were oae Uuudre'i aud two of allrauka present. Tha platform was occupied by Rev. Dr. M'Donald, the Rev. Canon Dickin son the cho;r of St. Luke's Church, and tho band of the Em*r,ild Hill Artillery. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Dr. M'Donald, who took for his text Hebrews ii.. 1.4:—'"Therefore, we ought to give tho mors earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we should l,.t them s'ip. For if tho word spoken by angels was s.e.idfa?t, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense, hpw shall wo escape if wo neglect to great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the Lord, and was conlrmoi unto ua them,that .heard him; Goi also bear ing them witness, bjih with signS " anf" wonders, and.with divers mi-acles', and gifts of the lioty Ghost, according to His own will?"' T'ro c'olleBtion, which was taken up by Ihe members of "the Arti:lery, was satis factory, amount ing-to .£21. . . . (T Mr Foote J. P., who on Wednesday la«t}» acted as cha:rman of the Emerald Hill Court' of Pe 'ty Sessions, aduimis'terel a severe rebuke to some women who wore in the court at the time, and who persistently re tained their seats, notwithstanding that . Mr Plumiuer. who was engaged in a-cave involving bad language betw.eeu neighbours . Suggested1 that all resp. ctablo womrn who, possessed any modesty shjnld ro.ire. His worship remarked that the court being an open tribunal the bench did not cjre about oideriug any one to leave it, but he added thai he would, suggest that any female who vulued hor reputation should reiire. The hint whs taken by some of the respectable women, whoso business tojk ; tlietn to the court, but two^ or three females retained fclioireeats, and listened to tho whole of tho disgusting details, which apparently they relisiied. By a notice which appears ia our. adver tising columns it will be seen that the busi - ness of tho Commercial Bank, on Emerald Hill, which, under the management of Mr E.C. 0 Howard, has.been conducted for the past twelve months in temporaty offices in Clarendon street, will on and after to-morrow be transferred to" larger' and' :imore com modious premises recently built, lor the bank at the corner of Clarendon and Batik streets. The new bank is a handsome structure, and bears evidence of having bepu faithfully built by the contractor. Tho banking chamber is both commodious and handsomely fitted with cedar counters, desks, and screens, for the accomodation of the clerical staff. Ihe manager's parlor, an appartment which is familiarly known in commercial circ'.es as the "sweating room," is situated immediadetly at the riar of the public bank . room. .The re mainder of the premises is set apart as "n residence for the manager. The new Com mercil Bank buildings are a decided orna ment to the town, and alford another proof of the commercial progress of the Hill. Mr Inspector Burton, who at present is stationed at Geelong, will retire ifrom tho service at the end of the p'esent year, having arrived at the age which entitle# him. to resiro on a superannuation. Mr Burton will be remembered by the residents of this districts of which for some years he was in charge, as. an obliging and efficient officer. Inspector Burton, who joined the force as a young man in 1851, rendered" good service, both at Bendigo and at the Coliban. He retires with a pension ■ cf £192 per'annum. On Saturday last a youth named James Loft, aged eighteen years, residing in Park street, Emera'd Hill, met with an accident which necessitated his being removed to the Melbourne Hospital. Loft was employed at Elliott's hat factory. Flinders-court, and owing to a stop-cock iljing off the boiler, h« su3taiued sjme severe scalds to his hands and arms. The Rescuo Lodge of Good Templars gave a tea fleeting and entertainment on Friday even'ng last at the Sailors' Rait, Sand ridge, in favor of Mr and Mrs Dowell, keepers of tho rest, in conjunction with the naval lodges on board H.M.S. "Wolverene," "Cor morant," and " Emerald." The Bethel was crowded in every corner, both at t?a and the entertainment, and was gracefully decorated with flags kindly lent by the ships "Fame noth" and "Ben Voirlich." The Rev. J. W. Crisp occupied the chair. Mr Benjamin Berry, a son of the Premier, who on the resignation of the last Berry Administration, was promoted to the. fourth, class of the Civil Service in tho Treasurer's Department, and who was' dis.-rated by Mr Service, on his as?umption to offico, has: again been reinstated by his father. Master Graham Berry* junior, who some months since was appointed a probationer in the samo department, has also been promoted by tho Treaiurer at a salary of £60 per annum. A death of a most appallingly sudden character occurred on Friday afternoon, at Emerald Hill, the victim being a well-knowa muaiciaa ■—Mr Barnott Levy—Aged fifty-four years. Mr Levy, who was a brother of the celebrated cornopian player of that name, | attended rehearsal at one of tho theatres on Friday morning, and at'- the time he com plained of a pain in his side. At the con clusion of his business. ho returned home accompanied by his son, who at the inquest* which was held on Saturday, stated that his father had to rest several times on the way on account of his sufferings. Arriving home, the wife of the deceased left him for a few-moments in order to prepare a mus tard poultice, and on her return she found that her husband had breathed hi3 last Mr Lucas, surgeon, was at once summoned ; and pronounced life to bo' extinct. The same gentleman performed the post mortem examination, and stated in his evidence that the cause of death was acute inflammation - of tho spleen with disease of the liver and stomach. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned. Mr Inspector Toohey is himself a proof tbat every rule has an exception. It must be patent to anyone when business takes - them to a police court, that officers of tho police aim invariably at obtaining a con viction, troubling themselves little as to the eitra burdens they aro imposing upoa - the ; State, or whether their prisoners are innocent. At the Sandridge. Police Court' on Monday last an elderly seafaring man was "charged with having been intoxicated* and was on the point of being sent to gaol for a short term, in default of paying a fine, when Mr Toohey poiuted out that tho prisoner, if incarcerated, would lose his ship, which was to sail for Europe on tha following morning at daylight, and the result would be that the old man would be left a stranger in a strange country, and4 would very probably become a vagrant and"' a burden upon the State. Tho bencli, con- . sisting of Messrs Leigh and Elworthy, J's.P. fortunately took a common sense view of the • matter, and discharged the prisoner, who was thereby enabled to rejoin his vessel. Two entertainments and gift distribution were held in the Sandridge Town. Hall, under the auspices of tho local 'cricket club ou Friday and Saturday evenings, 22nd and 23rd inst., At Friday's meeting, T. Swal-' low Esq presided, and on Saturday the Mayor was the occupant of tho ohair. Tho. following ladies and gentlemen took part in tho ^entertainment;' Misses -MoAinsb, O'Keefe, Crisp, Bishop, .Rhodes, Knaptou and Kenny, and Mos3r^ Aitken, Sheehan, Rendall, Francis, M(irsh, Hill, Vine, Elder, , Clay ki)d KeaueU, Que of ttw gewjfttgf: w^uasiatlie entertainment -was -the- re •i Is of Mr. Sheeban who gavo "The cur r^SUton^- in an excellent ; „_ner Mis.-es Knapton and Hhodes made their debut by singing < We came to thee c or " The fot nnwed lady M a me Ui So voice and the latter an alio voice of Z quality- A Mr. Elder from Helbou.ne contritrnted^he comic element m a way which left- nothing to. be desired As we hive ha'd occasion to mention the other ladic/and gcntl?5i«7n in prev,ous notices, ,V shall only state here, th it all acquitted Ihiiuselves in a creditable manner. Mr. j. McArnish acted as conductor snd also took partin lho pr-'Scamme. The drawing B„d distribution of ih* numerous prizes .rave "encral satisfaction. Votes of thanks To the chairman closed the proceedings caeli evening. ■ Tbo Kogivu beacfit committee will clear over £70 by the late concert, and ball. It 1 contemplated to place tlw money m the hands of a trustee for certain obvious reasons. The committee complain very much of t'le d.lay in setuiu- the accounts, through the conduct of three or four per sons h>ving receive I ticfce:s . and noiv re fusin« la g'"'e lb0 mone-p or tha tickets The San I ridge sclio 1 Board- of Advice [ielll a meeting in the local schoA . building oa Tuesday evoumsf last, for the purpose of organising a prize fund. A sub-committee cMsislioff of threo members of lho Board, the headteacher of school and the truant office were appointed to carry out all the arrangements. It was resolved to ask the Minister of Instruction to attend on 17th December to distribut3 ,the prizes to sue cestui pupils attending the school. At the ordinary meeting of tha Sandridge Board of Advice h~ld in the school on Thursday, 21st inst. The resignation of jlr. Bidge as correspondent was accepted, and Mr. Plummer was appointed in bis place. Mr. Ridge "'as unanimously ap pointed chairman, vice Mr. l'lummer. A letter was received from the Department thanking the late correspondent for the energy he had displayed in connection with the Board. Sandridge lite most other surburban com munities is to have a volunteer fire brigade, A preliminary meeting has been held, and Messrs Seismnn senior and junior have been appointed Treasurer and Secretary respectively. Messrs Swallow and Derham have contributed .£10 each to the funds. A second edition of Hospital Sunday is to bo held on the Railway pier, Sandridge, on Sunday next under the auspices of the local Council. The Naval Beserve and Emerald Hill Artillery are to be asked to take part ill the proceedings. A row which culminated in the fracture of a man's skull, occurred at Eipera'.d Hill, on Saturday evening last. It is asserted that a uian named Patrick Tierney wfts gios-ly insulted by a drunken man named Charles Kobertsbn, who challenged every one to fight him. Robertson's conduct it is alleged at length became so outrageous that Tierney threw a brick at his assailant, l'he missile struck JRobertson on h.'s head, causing a fracture of the skull. "With all dispatch,Robertson wasremoved to the Mel bourne Hospital, where he still lies in a critical condition. Tierney was subse quently apprehended b,- the local police on the charge of uul-iwfully wounding Eobert son whose dying depositions were taken on Monday last, The prisoner was taken before his 'Worship tha Mayor, (Cr Montain), on Tuesday last, and was re manded for eight days, bail being refused. Yesterday at the Sandridge Police Court, Jacob Hogg news agent, sued Heniy Gill or the recovery of 5s money lent, The case posseses considerable interet at the present juncture, as it involved inferentiall.y & char"e of bribery and corrnption on the part of at any rate one gentlemen who took on active part in the 'candidature o£ Mr* Hackett, a report of the case appears else where. A neighbourly squabble occupied the atten tion of the Emerald Hill Bench, consisting of Messrs Eoote, Cowie, Mouafe, aud Dr Haig, J VP.,no lessatimethan threehours on Wednesday last. A Mrs Cook sued a Mrs Christie for abusive language. The case was further complicated by Mrs Burnett, a married daughter of Mrs Cook, suing Mrs Christie, and also her daughter on charges of abusive words. Of course there were the usual cross-summonses and these had the .effect of prolonging the investigations, the agony being piled up by the solicitors •who appeared pro and con. The cases were ■exceeding wearisome to listen to, and the only wonder is that women could be found possessing minds and tongues ind licate enough to recapitulate the vile language which it wis alloged had been used by the parties to the various suits. The magis trates listened patiently to the evidence which disclosed the unclean details. Indeed the patience exhibited by the bench at length assumed more than a virtue on their part. It, is really too much to expect that the time of honorary justices should be taken up so unconscionably. The cases re ferred to, point to thn necessity of the Gov ernment appointing a police magistrate, a | portion of whose duty it would be to attend the Emerald Hill and Sandridge Police Courts, at least once a week. If this course -were adopted, public time would no-, be -wasted as often as it is at present and foul rmouthod Uorridans would be speedily taught a, lesson which would prove beneficial both to themselves, in particular, and intending litigants of the same class. Mr Call P. M., at the City Police Court on Tuesday last, granted the following applica tions for the transfer of publican's licenses. Anton Biuno to "William Q. Pewson, All England Eleven Hotel, Sandridge; Harriet Wiukworth wife of Thomas Winkworth, who is at present suffering from a temporary aberration of intellect. Mrs Winkworth .Bought for a transfer of the license. At the City Police Court, on Wednesday Hast, "William Farmer, a labourer residing at Sandridge, was committed for trial to answer to the charge of bigamy. The particulars of the case were fully stated in the columnB of the last issue of Tie Record. At the ordinary meeting of the Sandridge Borough Council held on Tuesday evening ast, it was decided to sue all persons who had not paid the rates due on properties numbered one to two huadred on the rate book for 1879 80, and on whom final notices have been served. A special service and military parade will be hsld on Sunday on the Sandridge Eailway Pier in aid of the funds of the Hos pital ^Sunday Committee. Detachments from the crew s of the war ships ''Wolverine," •Emerald," " Cormorant," and the turret ship " Cerberus," will attend accompanied by the bands belonging to the warships in the bay. The members of the Sandridge Borough Council have consented to act as a committee of management, under whose direction the arrangements will be carried out. The clergymen of the various relgious denominations iiave signified their inten tion of taking part in the proceedings and from the care which has been evinced by Mr Davis odd of the promoters of the move ment it is anticipated that a substantial amount will be collected on tho occasion. She Naval Brigade and the Etaerald Hill Artillery will be present at the church parade ...On-Wednesday-afternoon almost painful" casualty bofel a-youu'g man named Thomas Obi>rn who was employed at the works of Joseph' Brown and Co., Yarra Bank. ' Obern it appears was engaged in feeding a machine wiili bark, a portion of which entangled his wrist. The poor fellows hand was dragged into the machinery, which cut it off before the engine could bo stopped. The injured man was conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital where he received every attention his con dition demanded. A pair of Antwerp pigeons owned by Mr Bobert Balleny, Bank street, Emerdld Hill, did the homeing from Ecliuca, a distance of 15G miles, in the unparalled time of 2 hours 35 minutes, on Tuesday last. The Elections and Qualifications Com mittee resumed their sittiugs ou Tuesday last, at Parliament House, there being pre sent. Mr R. M. Smith, chairman, und Messrs Orkney, Johnstone, Officer, Fincham, Fisher, aud Pearson. Tho petition of Mr HacUett against tho return of Dr Madden was proceeded with. Mr James Garton, J. P., waj examined and stated that ho visited the local gasworks during the elec tion, on which occasion he gave an employe a fcw shillings to get a drink. Two o tho tuen engaged at the works were sub jected to examination and admitted that Dr Madden and some of hij frieuds visiti d the ga6 works in July lust. Tiie Dr and the otlser visitors gave some of tho men a 1 few shillings, but one witness named John : Munro positively declared that Dr Madden , on the. occasion referred to'distinctly told ' the men that he diU not give tho money for t ie purpose of obtaining, votes. Arthur Graham, officer of the Public . Works De pattment, Henry Clarke, inspector of the Military Works, and Richard Blake, a ganger on the same works were also ex amined on the charge of bribery, and the Committee adjourned till the following day. The proceedings ou Wednesday were con fined to the examination of several men on the relief works, Sandridge, who it was alleged by tho petitioner bad been tam pered with, aud indeed bribed by an advance of wages by Dr Madden. Tho ovideuce however in the main was considered worth less, in- as-much as some of the witnesses were non-residen'.s, and non-electors of Sand ridge, Additional evidence was brought forward jeiterday, but it scarcely strength ened the petitioner's case. The Committee adjourned till Thursday next. ; An historical sketch of the Episcopa Church, on Emerald Hill, will appear next week. : It will be seen by reference to our adver tising columns that Mr David WOod photo" grapher, for many years in' Clarendon' street, has removed to the new studio ;re cenly erected near the Town Hall buildings in Bank street. Emerald Hill. Publications Recived—Two volumes of the Catalogue of theMelboumelnternat'onal Exhibition, 18S0, from the Corn miss oners; Another of Mr M. Hutchinson's publications '• Our Colony in JSSO." This little volume contains a very large amount of useful in formation relating to the colony, .in!er spersed with, numerous well executed views and engravings. ~ 