THERE is some talk just at present of the Opposition maKing a determined stand against the Ministry, with the intention of defeating its measures and showing that that tha new men cannot carry on the 'business of the "country, ;We are also ;told, but only by metropolitan, correspondents who ,are ; still somewhat excited, that Mr Berry' is actiiklly studying hard to have his, thunder ready, and. that.great things are to' he' done when Parliament - shall meet once more. We can, we; are; sure, safely put down the greater portion of this sort of writing to the necessity under which the dS' featedpartyfindsitself to relieve its o’erwrought feelings, in which it greatly : resembles a de feated little boy, who consoles himself, with threats of-what'he will do next time. We do. npt, however, .doubt that some of the defeated ones, probably most of the defeated Ministers, would very willingly’ commence another struggle' for power,. and make the.; coming session as disgraceful as the past, pur .opinion, of their patriotism is so low that we can Readily believe that they are ready to do what their organs say, and we, are quite prepared to admit that they care a great deal more about their own interests than the . interests of the country. They do not choose to disguise this themselves, and there appears to be no reason why we should not accept theirown statement of their .own, wishes,., especially-as ; .it <( seryes .to, warn ns of the danger ahead, and shows the justice of the verdict of the' country on these very men, But we may do them service by pointing out that any attempt to do what is threatened will but involve them in deeper disgrace, and lead in the end to their complete expulsion from public life. Nearly all the Ministers re-elected were returned by narrow so? that theirfhold > upon thejpablio was but slight even in the height of their power, and when'they had* the means of winning over, votes,,which they used with, RU-, scrupulous‘freedom "all over the'country. 1 ‘ If they were able, as they are not, so to impede public business as to bring about another dis solution, what hope could they have of ing their position! The public would see that the men who failed to do any useful work after m trial of three years, r and backed by .the. largest majority J bir pecopcl,; were ‘ again at\ the work of obstruction,-and s'eekipg ; to,jbring about a return of their, oldj condemned tactics. Do they think that' such a view as' this would help them with '.the** electors! Do" they suppose that their chahces of re-election would be improved, and that their majorities would appear, again,.when.they, were so small, at the_ last general r "election 1 ’ A yerv 'little conf sideration of the opinion which the country has expressed,' and a very slight '.view -of the, general fueling of the public now that the elections are over, will bp sufficient to show that any such course as that threatened would only bring further disaster on adisorganised and discredited party, from which.there are already numerous deserters, We do not, therefore, -attach much Weight to* the terrible threats how' being made,-because we paq' sge that they are mainly, bounce, and. also because the’ very attempt to. parry them out would free the country onpe lop. all from the men who have i proved, so incompetent : and so deteimeutol te its welfare. A cautions \ regard fop their, own interests will, we.doubt not, makethem assume a virtue if they ' have it not, and we, should not ha surprised to hear a great deal about their intehle anjiety for the. rapid transaction of thd - •public business/ jt?highly. ; probable, .too,; ¥p some sort of satisfaction at being released from ; his Keform Bill, which we fancy; he pegafded 'with about as much satisfaction as we regarded it ourselves, ffp was. like an unhappy man tied to a corpse, rotting under his very nose, and poisoning'the whole atmosphere, Little as he undsrstands constitutional questions; yre .erpdjlt him with sufficient sense -to know that the measure which he Wd Ho bring in could never pass,: and mould only help to. hurt' b?S Feta tion, and prove how* little he and bis party were: able: to do to settle.the question which they bid terfs n , so much'trouble to raise, *• The Beform Bill was n.OP iffSepded to pass. It was the means whereby the spoi?try Ut§4f p ne poor claim upon the people, and when ffrp became disgusted with that there was an end to Berry Ministry. It is'understeod that Mr Berry,' pis .q, was not very proud of the col leagues whom hs hs4 to .take for, want of .better, so that, on the whoJs, 7 he feel greatly - relieved at his defeat, ’ although it deprives? h% of the power to be sensational, * which is at on,ce his ,Strength and his weak ness. All these things hearty jndjS&t;® that the threatened policy of revenge is not ouiyunv/ge, but decidedly impracticable. -There Is -no real themselves, and #eptmnJy .no.UO amonggt- party,.. so . that . the policy indicated is as hqpeless as ji is fnqlfek The discontented ones %.assumed of this, that the country has made up its gjino to fofjf an end of the disgraceful scenes of the past flggsjWj .nhd to have nothing whatever to’do vdth any party which does not show that it means to work tor the fif the colony. The ' talk "about throttling capital and Struggle between, the rich. and the. poor is ;4e.?4-y jepn" 'to '.be’; dikeL-imMhieyoas and wicked," and pah -f}gp§p,' again, be made the ■chief op even any portyw 9? PffS- slsbd. & r support of any party,no'.matt§r IP?RW. call Itself. * All over the colony there was :> a “We have had enough of this,” and it has peruhed .with; the, party.which was ; ,silly, enoughto set np snob W - That party’s, jgb.ftyr as .pemajm so^e cban<?e of EOwtyj its sole'chance oJE exiatenM, indeed, is to desenjty, if not S°,? e P® aituation, and totry by useful woffe best lyy colony^afidrHelp?/) thera to settle the’ rm not hope to- Mttle itielf. Ell- —H 'X -c v' V v Tt ia'inuch to be hoped that.tfie new Minister of Mines will really do Something. We have iisa~a"processioa“of-Miniatera- seeminglya3r Iphgjas/itKatJof|dhe ghosts in “Macbeth,” han't-they .have all failed to give ns a mining on private property,. prevent robberytmder the guise of-jumping. Soma of the modern; ones havui promiseebto of tlhe mining boards, and give us one code of mining law, but none of them has performed the promise. We r still rnvel r in,,the luxury Of seven mining J boards;' "which cost £5OO odd each a year, and we still have network cof'-i regulations' -whose end, no doubt, is abolition, but whose 'effect has been and is embarrassing. Nobody has respect'for,\the j nobody, in fabt, ever thinks ‘ of them‘unleis*to wonder why they still exist, and what they look like, dr to curse the,folly.> which has.so long per mitted such a vexing mesh of law to remain to worry the miner. As we have often said, the only shade of pretence of usefulness now left to these worn-out relics of the past is that which regards! them as a 'check upon therim proper alienation of auriferons lands. Bat if a proper law were '*■ in' force legalising mining on private lands even that pretence of utility would, ( be, lost, the , boards, ,in whole or in jmrt/ and ' 'event the other local'bodies could do - everything the mining boards have done, in the way of watch ing ovet land alienation. It is _the legalising of entering Upon private lands on terms agreed upon by the' miner and owner, or by a goqrt of arbitration, which is the one thing neoesr sary- to. complete the term of the boards’ life and to satisfy a long-felt’ want by the mining interest, This-brings ps : agaiu ; to aak for the fiftieth- time- why-’ >we .should have two Land Ministers,: that ’is,, one called a Sfinisterjpf Mines ;as'Weil as, one called a Minister of Lands ? -We snbinit again, as we have often wanted is . a Afinistef of Lands, and Afines representing the : t\vb great interests: dealing,with. the lands of, the colony, ahd’haying under him ; iri one depart ment all that affects-the disposal of- the lands, either for temporary occupation as by miners or for permanent as'by fapmers. We c yrant-a unifiCatibn‘6£ "surveys .as ,well;a3 of. Imiaihg, law,'audit is of 1 pressing’ importance' that wc'shohld get. .Fid of' that |ong-atanding grievance to the "miner, the perpetual conflict and delay between the two departments as to the alienation of lands known or presumed to .be auriferous. With the whole disposal of lands, whether fop mining OP Other pur poses, vested in one department instead of two, with a legalising of entry upon alienated lands, and with the abolition of the mining the adoption of ope systepx; of regulating mine operations, the graver grievances of the miner would be gqt rid of, but only on the presumption that the system of regulation put an end-to what we call robbery in the form of jumping. The lunacy of aggregations of men is seen in their hallooing- after i ( f burping‘.questions/’ and-st(U more burning questions” and crises, and letting their representatives go on year after year playing hide and seek for office and pay, instead of making them do tpe plain work of legislation and of administrative reform indispensable to^, ; a. riddance frpgi long-felt embarrassments to industry. And it is in this way that we have passed pear three decades since the opening’ of the goldfields, and ‘are still without a’ law to legalise mining on private property and order its method, and .are s<ail%itbbht's law to protest We! ocijnplers-pf a ; mine from being robbed of the most valuable portion of their holding under cover qf a quibble based oh some technical form of .acquiring title not having been complied with. It is of. , great importange . that th? .Wh9l e cobweb of varions'an’d' congictihg regulations should be swept away, all claims be made blocks, some simple form of lease or license be adopted, which should give a good clear title to each block; all surveys tied tor gether, as in the frauds Department, and as they would be if- there were only one/ depart; •ment, as there should _be; and the only basis of forfeiture be shepherding, instead of usihg''the land. To quiet existing titles; this last prip-' ciple as to nqn-forfeitpre, save fop. non- pse, should be embodied in a provision Tor a fine for default in conforming to ; the regulations’ as tq mode of taking up or registration,/- op else the law should pompef the reserving of existing claims under the block system’ apd >the issue of the lease or. license title; somewhat analogous to the land titles in .existence under the 42nd section of the Land Act. Blit ’ all this means, wo submit, the amalgamation of the Lands and Alines departments* and a pFC?!’ tical determination of the (government, Parlia ment, and people to do something instead of shunting !f burning questions,” out of which very little pome but Iqsg pf t}me apd temper, and a retardation of onr material interests/ 