BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. • Of late I have felt a decided inclination to Spiritualism; and, in making thid public con fession, I don't want to hear a repetition of the stale jokes of brandy and water, gin and milk, rum punch, and such like abomina tions. It is not to bo expected that coarse, grovelling natures, can appreciate the aspira tions of a man who desires to hob-nob with J ulius Ctesar and Socrates, and to take a ride around his back parlor on tliu top of a puuio. I never knew much of Julius, but from all I can hear of him he would be a very desirable acquaintance. I hate common people; first class or nothing is the motto with nio, and what'B the use of gro.velling among the Smith's, the Brown's, the Jones', and such like people, when Cicero, and Shakespeare, Taqso and Dante can be had for merely the asking.. Besides, I never looked upon a piano as a desirable means of locomotion, till it suddenly occurred to me one bright afternoon that of all things on earth, I should like to take a ride on top of one. There is some thing so exhilarating in the idoa of sailing around your parlour an top of the piano, in company with four or five nice fat fellows, that weigh about a ton, and bobbing up against the ceiling as if you were an India-; rubber ball. Once the idea got possession of me I could not shako it olF, so"! resolved, if the opportunity ofiered foranyof the mani festations or interviews that I desired, that 1 would not let it pass. 1 had read Andrew Jackson Davis, and the latest discoveries by Kiddle, and I knew it would be gratifying to your readers to know that your faithful cor respondent was keeping company with Walter Scott, WashingtonJIrving, George Washing ton, and iu short, with men of his Q\yn stripe. Pn Suuday eveniug last there wa3 a spiritual seance given at Chickerjng Hall) and during the entertainment the piano was to be taken but of the orchestra hy the spirits floated up in the gallery with fourteen fat men on top of it, and if a fat womarn could be found ! in the audience willing to take a ride, she would be privileged to do so, provided her I age was overjforty-five and she did not turn j the scale at less than two hundred and' seventy-six. There did not happen to bo a i lady over thirty-six in the audience, bo that pleasure was denied us. My wife don't bel\9ve in spirits; soon. Sun day evening afier tea, just as I was putting on my overcoat, alio asked me where I was going. I said I thought I would go and hear Brother .Taliuago on "human depravity." Sho thought Blie would like to go too, but I persuaded her that the evening was damp, and that she might possibly take cold. Hurrying up to Chiojcering Hall, I found it crowded, for among other attractions it was whispered that one of the medium's'was going to get into a quart; bottle, which was to bo placed on the middle of the stage, and, while the inBide, the medium proposed to sing two comic ■ songs and dance a hornpipe. This was the sort of thing that I wanted to see. I had lost all confidence in table tippings, and, I despised Minehaha and the great Ojibbe way Chief. I had but little faith in the spirit of my mother-in law, for while in the flesh she never turned the scale above a hundred arid six, while her ghost was good for two hundred and twenty, which was a . spiritual phenomenon to which 1 am hardly yet recon ciled. ,Tho master of ceremonies was ono of those sharp, keeu, lank, bald-headed looking men, such:as'you,frequently see conducting spiritual meetings; and aftor a long delay, the announcement; was made that the perfor mance was about to commence. Then a com mittea was invited up to inspect the inevi table cabinet; but it was very evident that the most of the audience, like myself, had come to see the piano trick. The evening wore on, and it soon became manifest tlmt the whole of the audience was sold. ']'he swindlers secured about seven hundred dollars as the result of their spiritual enter prise, and your faithful correspondent was out fifty cents. Two terrible temperance lectures have been given during the past week, with a potency and force that will not be easily gotten. A nephew of Don Piatt, the cele brated Washington journalist, was arrested by the officers of the Society for the Preven tion of Cruelty to Children. When dis covered, the husband lay drunk in one corner of the room, and the v;ife, destitute of elotli ing, in another corner, for she had actually sold the dress oil' her back to procure money for rum. In the middle of the floor lay a starving infant, pinched and blue with cold, and famished for want of nourishment. The story of their downfall reads more like a tale of fiction than a reality. Mr. Piatt had been an army officer, .and only a few years ago, was one of the most promising young men in Washington. Flis wife was .said to be one of the most beautiful women in the Capitol, but the devil rum took possession of her, and she not, only ruined herself, but her husband, and finally she was arrested as a vagrant and committed to Blackwell's Island. Her husband was im prisoned at the same time, but through the intercession of friends, he was released, and a position; procured for hiin in the Custom House. When his wife got free fiom Black well's Island, she souglit him out again, and dragged him down to ruin. The court seat thein botli to the Island for six months, and passed tho infant over to the Commissioners of Charities. On Tuesday, an Irish Alderman, from Staten Island, came on a spree to ]Sew York to celebrate his election, and whileina beastly state of intoxication, fell down and broke his neck. The saloon keeper did not think that it would be of any advantage to have a coroner's inquest in his rum shop, so he em ployed a couple of fellows to carry tho dead Alderman oil', and lay him in a neighbouring luill, where he was eventually fouud. Brooklyn is the City of Churches, and it has just had a convention to inquire as to the best means of giving our good little boys tho full advantages of Sunday School associa tion. While the council was in session, a delegation of good little boys were punching their teacher's head, and stoning the school house, and when a policemen rushed in, club in hand, to keep the peace, the good little boys told him if he didn't make himself scarce, " they'd put a head 011 him," so, like a sensible policeman as he was, he did make himself scarce, and the good little boys still Hold tho Fort, and stone the teachers. Our crone de la crane are all on the qui vive for the fair at the new Seventh Regi ment Armory, which opens 011 Monday next. This magnificent building which is to be tho headquarters of our crack corps, cost about a half a million of dollars, of which nearly one half has already been subscribed. It i3 esti mated that the receipts of the coming fair, will not be les3 than fifty thousand dollars, and the sum realised is intended to be used exclusively in furnishing the rooms of the different companies. The activity in stocks lias developed the usual crop of thieving treasurers and defaulting bank cashiers. One foolish bank teller expended nearly four hundrsd dollars a day on lottery tickets alone, to find at last that he was not only a thief, but a fool, and he will undoubtedly get a fool's reward—the states prison. Speaking of state prisons, reminds mo that we have just had a convention to con sider the subject of convict labor. There appears to be no doubt but that tho convict should be made to earn his own living, but how to avoid bringing him in competition with honest labor 011 tho outside, is a problem which the wisest of our philanthropists have uot been able to solve. There have been quite a nuinberofsuicides during the week, and several desperate at tempts at self-destruction. On Wednesdays woman laid herself down 011 the railroad track in front of an approaching train, and was only dragged from tho rails by a switch tender, as the train went tlnmderins,' by. That same evening, tho same woman threw herself from the dock, and on being rescued was committed to tho lunatic asylum. You may reasonably look out for a great financial collapse fin Wall-street, for every thing seems to be tending that way. The rise in all kinds of stocks has been unprece dented, and all kinds of kite flying is in dulged in. Stocks that never did pay a dividend, and never will pay a dividend, are thrown on the market for specula tive puurposes, and are commanding prices above dividend-paying stocks. Now is tho time to flood the country with circulars for puts" and " calls." Once more I warn your readers against this kind of specious villainy, and if they get caught, after all I have written about them, it will not be the fault of, Youra, truly, BltOADBJKIM. De Lacy Evans.—The Ttlajraph says:—Miss Ellen Tremaye alias Mr. De Lacy Evans, had lier opening reception at St. George's-hall on Monday afternoon, and, as might have been expected, v.'as an object o£ very great curiosity to large numbers of people. She was apparelled in the masculine habiliments the use of which has become in the course of twenty-five years a second nature. The mining tools she used when working} as captain of the shift in a larga Sandhurst mine ; certificates of her marriages, that of the burial of her first and second wives, one of her supposed children, her miners' rights, etc., all bearing her assumed uamo or signature, " De Lacy Evaus," are exhibited, together with letters from mining managers under whom she has worked, all giving her a very high character as 3, steady, hardworking miner. It will not surprise our readers to learu that the Tisitors were mainly of the softer sex, both in the after noon and eveniug receptions. The La.te Mr, J. T. Delane.—Mr. John Thaddeus Delane, perhap3 the ablest newspaper editor who ever lived (remarks the Spectator), died on Saturday, 22nd November, at his house at Ascot, in Berkshire, aged only 02. He was the son of a solicitor who became financial manager of the Times, and in 1841, when only 24 years of age, was appointed editor-in-chief of that p'apsr, a post he held for more than 33 years. During that period, which embraces the whole active manhood of the present generation, and covers tho greatest of modern events since the fall of Napoleon, he was a great power in England, and a considerable personage in the world. Writing but little himself, he kne-iv exactly what he intended to have written, anil drove a succession of literary teams with extra ordinary skill, certainty, and decision. He rarely made a blunder a3 to English opinion, and had a rough but statesmanlike sense of the general drift of things, which, coupled with his very great experience, made him an invaluable contidaut to successive Governments. Mr. Delane, though accused all his life of " simper ing in gilded saloons," was the most independent of men, and, as we suspect, rather disliked tau aristooratic system, While determined 'that the 'lime* should reflect opinion, he took great pains not to force individual writers to- write against their own. The work must be done, but so far as it was humanly possible, it should be done by men who were , not, in doing it, suppressing themselves, Mr. Delane, though he never wrote leaders, wrote astonishingly able notes, many of which, we hope, will one day appear. Edmund Galley.—The case of Edmund Galley, says the Sydney Afoniing Herald, has excited apparently far more interest in England than in New South Wales, although, for very many years, the unfortunate victim of falsa evidence has beeu living here. Our readers will recollect that, about three mouths ago, Edmund. Galley received, so fur as a free pardon would give it, full restitution to the rights of innocence. | Fourty-four years ago, at the Devon assizes, ho j was oonvieted of murder, but iu consequence of I some doubt arising the capital sentence was commuted to imprisonment for. life, and he was transported to New South Wales. Soon after the trial Sir Alexander OooVburn and one or two leading members of the English bar, ap pear to have entertained a belief of the prisoner's innocence, though little exertion was made to clear up any doubts that existed, and so Galley lived on year after year with his character stained with tho imputation of the worst of crimes. Sir Alexander Cockburn, who is now Lord Chief Justice of England, hearing a few mouths ago that Galley was still alive, and spending the last years of a prolonged existence as an exiled con vict in New South Wales, urged the. Crown to exorcise the .-prerogative of mercy. The case was brought under tho notice of the House of Commons by Sir Johu Eardly Wilmot, and tho result of tho'efforts made ou his behalf led to tho granting of a free pardon to Galley. When tho pardon arrived lie was in the employ of Mr, Henry Brown, of Bendinine, near Biualong. Printed and published by MACK AY and CO., proprietors, at their office, Market square, Sandhurst, 