ARCHBISHOP VAUGHAN AT ST. JAMES'S. The new Roman Catholic schools in con- nection with St. James's, Forest Lodge, were opened yesterday afternoon by Archbishop Vaughan, who was presented with the follow- ing address from the laity of the parish : - " To His Grace the Most Rev. R. B. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. " At a time when the enemies of our holy faith are confessedly using every endeavour to corrupt the faith and morals of Catholic children, and to convince the world that they do so with the tacit approval of the Catholic laity of New South Wales, we, the Catholic laity residing in the parish of St James's respectfully approach your Grace to con- gratulate you upon the completion of a school to which we can conscientiously send our children. , " Although we are able to place an accurate estimate on the value of the threats and abuse of baffled politicians, yet we cannot but sympathise with your Grace in the anxiety with which recent events must have filled your heart. Trusting that God Al- mighty will strengthen your Grace and your devoted children in our endeavours to 'render upon Cosar the things that are Cosar's and unto God the things that are God's," we have the honour to subscribe ourselves your Grace's united children in Christ. " Bigried on behalf of the parish of St. James's, Forest Lodge." The Archbishop's reply we thus sum- marize : There is always a pleasure in battling in a good cause, and if 1 do get a few knocks and blows I dare say T know how to give a few back in a friendly way. I do not think any man ought to enter into any kind of contest who does not know how-as I was told when 1 learnt to defend myself as a boy -to take punishment kindly. Well, wo have progressed steadily with these handsome schools from the day the foundation-stone was laid till this day, when the whole thing is substantially prepared for carrying out the object for which it has been built. I think we have also made some progress with the Education question,-I mean we have laid down the lines of Catholic teaching in the joint pastoral letter, and upon those lines we have worked, and shall continue to work till the end. I look upon that document-we all look upon it-as a guide, teaching us how Catholic education is to be conducted in the future. Then we have in a great measure, cleared the public Bchools of Catholic children ; and, as time goes on those schools will be still more clear of them. Next the Catholic spirit is thoroughly aroused, and even those who had their fears at first, lest, as they say at sea, I was carrying too much sail, are now thor- oughly convinced that the right thiug has been done, and that it required a good shak- ing to rouse some people up to a sense of the danger of secularist education to the Catholic faith of the future. 1 do not believe that the Catholic body has ever been moro thor- oughly in earnest that it is at present. The whole question of secularist education in its relation to Catholic children has been assidu- ously ventilated ; and we know now, once and for ever, what our bounden duty is. We have, in one word, saved the faith, and we have done so at a very small expense, com- pared with the inestimable treasure wo have secured. We have lost our fair and honest share of State-aid for our schools-at least, «for some time to come-but we have pre- served our religion. We would ten thou- sand times prefer to be deprived of our money and keep the faith than gradually to lose the faith and pocket the money. I look upon this dead weight of what I may call Protestant public opinion against tis as a great difficulty, and one we should understand and face. Now I will proceed one step further. Look at the Anglican Church in this colony. It is the largest and, I Buppose, the most powerful by far of all the Denominations. This new Educational Bill strikes a far heavier blow at it than at us. And this its leaders know; and yet, has it not been suffering from what doctors call " general debility " during this crisis we have been passing through? How is it that the Anglicans have not made any way in oppos- ing the passing of the Public Instruction Bill ? Look here. The public mind reasons, not like an educated philosopher, but in its own peculiar way. I believe that this " de- bility" proceeds from a slight touch of what I may call the Roman fever. True, the head of that Church has periodically denounced the Catholic Church, ard anathematised it as a conscientious duty, and I, on the other hand, make no disguise that intellectually I regard the Anglican system as the rcductio ad ahsurdutn of all that is illogical and untenable. Still, how does the public mind reason ? It does not look to words much, or professions, or logical conclusions, it looks at broad facts as they lie in its way, and are spread out before its eye. It says, " It is all very well talking, but what is a bishop with metropolitan titles, with cathedrals and canons and vicars general and deans and synods and sacraments, and the rest ; is not this something very like Popery? In point of fact, the heads of both these Churches are tarred with the same brush! In England some of the parsons say mass and go to confession-who knows if some of them do not do the same, on the sly, here?" The public mind is in- clined to look upon the Anglican Church as : " Popery" made easy, or " Romanism" re- duced to a shadow. And as the British public do not like the look even of the ghost or Bhadow of " Romanism," they come to the conclusion that the best thing is to do away gradually-if it cannot be done speedily with both substance and shadow. Of course, I may not read the public mind right, but I feel much inclined to believe that I am not very far from the mark, and that the ten- dency is to do away with the bishops and priests, and sacraments, and, in fact, with all the machinery which is necessary for the exis- tence of churches organised on the hier- archical principle. Now, granted that this be the case, how can these two churches be best gotrid of? Surely, by getting hold of the rising generation, and freeing them as much as pos- sible from the iufluence of these two Churches. I believe that this feeling in the public mind is one explanation of the strong bearing there is in favour of public schools. But there is another cause at work. ' It is showing itself all over the Christian world, and it consists in the melting away of dogmatic faith, and, in consequence, of personal piety. Now, let us come to the point. Take the rulers of our various colonies. Take a Cabinet with Ministers-I take for granted, of course, that our present Cabinet, that all the Ministers, go to church twice every Sunday-but take the generality of ordinary Cabinets and Ministers, I shrewdly guess that, take them as a body, they are far more like the buttresses of the churches to which they are said to belong than like the pillars. Again, there is another and, a growing class, too, of well-dressed "re- spectable men who go to church, but if, to use a colonial expression, you "stuck them up" on coming out, and asked them if the three persons in the Trinity were equal, or if Christ were as much God as the Almighty Father, they would look at you as if you were puzz- ling them with a conundrum, or put you off as a refiner in theology. And this is growing too-this disregard for dogmatic truth, and the fundamental positions of the Christian scheme. Thus we have then, two most for- midable foes combined against us, namely, a profound innate dislike to our religion, and a steady tendency towards unbelief, and the mere life of the natural man. I have reason to fear that Anglicanism will not be able to withstand the pressure of assault for any great length of time : I hope it will be able to do so. As to ourselves, if eighteen hundred years of the furnace has not melted out our life, or touched our marrow, I do not believe that it will be likely to succeed now. No. new trials or torments could be invented now that we have not triumphed over in days gone by. No tyrant can arise now, whom we, or those who follow us, will not cart away and bury. And what are we to do that we may most effectually meet these two great antagonists ofours, and subdue them ? I will tell you. But first of all 1 may remark that I believe that public school education of Protestants will servo us in the long run. This method of forming the future produces men and women without faith or dogmatic religion. The little of it that now exists will gradually meit away. The future generation will perhaps possess more secular knowledge, greater breadth in one way, and more in- difference, or, as some would call it, less bigotry, than the present one. There will be a most startling contrast between Catholicity and all other forms or shades of thought, and a reaction will set in which will, I believe, bring a large harvest to the church. The fog through which our religion at present looms will, in a great measure, pass away, and people will be drawn to study seriously the Catholic religion, and then to embrace it. And this brings me to the most effectual way of meeting the great pressure of prejudice which tells ' so ? much against us. If you will take the trouble to study the history of the way in which so many persons have become Catholics in England you will find it has been in consequence of studying the Catholic religion. The vast ma- jority of our converts are from the learned and highly educated classes of society-those who have been drawn towards the Catholic faith by reading and personal research. A very large number were once clergymen of the Church of England, who had been trained to theological and philosophical thought, and who, having weighed the Catholic system, were compelled to abandon all thoy prized and loved most in this world, and to become Catholic*. Were it the fact-and wo know it is just the reverse-that the learned, on studying the Catholic system, -Were invariably repelled from it, then our case would be in- deed a desperate one-but it is not so ; these who join us are precisely such as have had the highest education, and possess the capa- city to judge for themselves after moBt careful and prayerful scrutiny. Therefore, I say let us do all we can to induce those who have so strong an objection to our religion to study it, to give it a fair hearing, and to weigh it in the equitable scales of an unprejudiced appreciation. Our great difficulty consists in people refusing to see us as weare, in their hugging their prejudices against us instead of putting them on one side, and grasping the real merits of the case. What has happened in England will, before long, I believe, hap i pen here. People will begin to think for themselves, and, as soon as they do that, the ice will be broken, and we shall have many recruits, who will in due time-as at home, as in America-bring others after them. Now how are we to meet the growing indifference and infidelity of the day, which is at once caused by Public schools, and is the cause of Public schools ? In the first place, I will say this, that I have always considered Denomi- national schools, such as they are now con- stituted under the Council of Education, to be too flimsy to meet the evil. To a strong poison a strong antidote must be applied. I think there should be a more thorough and solid religious educa- tion given to the rising generation than they have been in the habit of receiving in denominational schools under the Council. Of course, we have been, so far, with regard to these schools, in a great measure helpless. We could not, if we would, interfere with the regulations of the schools,-our hands were tied in a great many ways I need not mention now. In three years we shall sustain the loss of a large anuual sum of money. On the other hand, the schools will fall wholly under our control. We shall then be at liberty to convert them into real machines for turning out thorough Catholic and Christian men and women. It will take a long time before we shall get all our schools into the hands of religious Orders. Possibly in some cases we shall fail. Still, in the main, and on the whole, if we are thoroughly in earnest, and fully appreciate the paramount importance of the school question, we shall be able to^jive a much more thorough Catholic and religious training to the young than ever they have received before. What, then we shall have to do will be to make our schools thoroughly Catholic and thoroughly Christian, whilst steadily working towards payment by results, which must inevitably come. We cannot insist too earnestly or too frequently on the absolute necessity under which we lie, at whatever cost or sacrifice, of bringing up Catholic children thorough Catho I lies. If others-if the State-gets hold of 1 them, they will grow up like a great many 1 statesmen we know, without even a scintilla of religion in their constitution ; and will go to swell that growing claBs in the community which holds religion in contempt, aud boasts of being free in the exercise of the faculties, free to think, and speak, and act exactly as they like. The very children before me are sufficiently intelligent and experienced to know that this kind of license leads to anarchy and revolution ; .and that liberty, tempered by obedience and grounded in religion, is the only sort of free- ' dom which is worthy of rational beings and of Christian men. And I thank them for their touching address-thank them for thanking me for serving them, and standing up for them, for the genuine approval of little children has some things more sweet in it than even that, sometimes, of grown up people. But I thank you one and all, and in thanking you I am addressing the whole Catholic body of this colony. I thank them as Archbishop of this province for their truly Catholic spirit, and for the fixed deter, mination they are showing that they will not suffer their Catholic children to be robbed of their Catholic faith. At the conclusion of his speech the Arch- bishop earnestly appealed to the congregation to lessen the debt on these schools, and showed the example by giving £50 himself towards that object. A collection was after- wards made, and a sum amounting to over £300 was realised. 