LOCAL AND ENErtA.L NEWS. The demands made upon our space to-day compel os to hold over a leader, some correspondence, a report of the lecture delivered by Dr. Kelynack in the Wesleyan Church, last evening, and other matter of an interesting character. We would again remitad our country friends that they must not negleot forwarding, to-day, entries. lr their exhibits during tho forthconing show of the Pastoral and Agricultural Socity. The secretary, Mr. S. MacGregor, will be glad to afford intending exhbibitors every facility; and we hope to 'eo the efforts of the society this year duly rewarded. The Rer. W. Kelynack, D.D., the President of the Queensland and New South Wales Wesleyan Confer ene, conducted Divine serice in the Wesleyan Churheb in this town on Suawday last, both morning and even ing. The building was well glled on both ,oeesions, more particularly in the evening. In tbhe morning the test was taken from bthe 26th verse of lhe 84th chapter of Ezekiel-" And I Hill make them and the places round about my hIill a blessing ; and I will cause the shower to come down in his season ; therehbball be showers of blessing." Theso words, thbe preacher said, might be taken as a universal lesson for all ages, illus. trating the blessings of the Church of God, and demonstrating the manner in which those blessings were to be realisod. The Church was madeon blessing because she was the witnessand messenger of the truth. Our duties were all laid down in God's Word with a clearness that admitted of no mistake, and were also enforoed with an'outhority that addaitted of no ppiul. According to the creed of a nation was its charaeter, and in this respect pagan nations and those nominally Christian (in which full religious liberty was pro. hibited) were contrasted with those.where the Word of God had free course, as in the ease of some of the continental •nations compared 'with England. o80 powerful a witness must prqduce the best of results, and the benefits of public worship most be of the high. eat value. All ihe evils of humanity had been orought about by the worshoip of one or other of the gods that formed the panliteon of the world. Tihe ministrations and the work of the Church, in its various ways, especially in modern times, were spoken of, as were the aspectsof Church life and work. Another way by which the Christian ?Obureh was touba a blessing was' that it was not only to be a witness to, but the embodi. meut of, the truth. Tihe agent by ihich blessing was to be secured to the Cburheb, was represented under the symbol of rain, and was tile outpouring of the; Spirct's grace. What was entited was the power of God, theoDivine Spirit baptining alike the pulpit and the pew ; they must have with them the Holy Ghost in allbrancheeof the OChrietainwork. The resultse would be great fruitfulness of bcharseter and Chriatien living; they would.bhv tho Dinine guardianship; and it wasprooiOed to make the aggresive 'work of the Church mighty. The econditionenecoessary to realise this blessing were :;-Thesprit of large liberality on thd part of the Church; t he spirit of work and personal labour, energy, and sustained effort; and the spirit of prayer. In conclusion, the rev. gentleman urged upon all to Cenew their personal oonsecration to the Mater, who had work for them to do, remedibering that there?ins nothing nobler or grander than living for others.--Ino tbhe evening the test was taken from the 14th and 15th verses of the 5th chapter of Paul's Second Epistle to the Corinthians--" For the love of Christi constraineth us; becausi we thusjudge, thit ifene: died for all, then were all dead : end that He died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto Him, which died for them, and rose again." The subject of the sermon was the love of OChrist as set before us in the teat, and as ex emplified by the example of the apostle, which com. mended itself to our closest study and devotion by its grandeur and nobility, made all the moie'remuark?-' able by reason of the many trials and labours under-, gone by him. The theme was treated of in the light! of what it was itself and also its refie influence on? the human character. The love of Chbrist was one?ol Divine voluntarinea, of supreme dIisinterestednues,"of unhbesitating self-sacriflice--a love allembraecgingin ts purppes, and in which there was nothing sectional.d There were three points in the test bringing.ont the! reflex influence of the love of Christ on .the human charaeoter. It constrained Paul, developing in him' sentiments of gratitude, of pity, eand of hope, causing him to subordinate everything else to his great work.u In this he was a type for both the preacher and the, pew. The love of Christ constrained Paul to a career that did not shrink from the path of duty, noble ex amples of the like of which we could see in many of the great sools of more modern day's. Hie cons?oora tion ran right through his life to his death, and there was no inconsistanecy about him. In closing, Dr. Kelynaok said that all should ask themselves " How does our life and character harmonise with the en. ample of the Apostle P" His hearers were urged to come to Christ; to live a useful life, and not to travel a lonely road, but endearour, as far as love, labour, and prayer could do it, to take others with tbshem. Oolleo. tions were taken up at each eerrioe in aid of the Home Mission Fund. At the Police Court, on Saturday last, the ease Honora Broennan v. John Brosnan, for wife desertion, adjourned from the previous day, was resumed. De fendant called David Lyons, of Brisbane, to prove that be had agreed to learve his wife in possession of the hotel. The Bench ordered the defendant to pay tbhe sum of 12s. per week, as maintenance to his wife, for period of six months. A moonlight parade of the members ofA Company, Second Regiment of Queenslanders,, took plate at North Ipswieh on Baturday erening last. Captain Skinner was in command, and there was a moderate muster of the men, about twenty-vle having been presoent. Colonel Blaxland was in attendance, and the company went through sereral movements in a creditable manner, and to the evident satisfaction of the commandant. The men were then marched back to the drill, when, previous to being dismissed, they were informed of the arrangements made for the shooting matches yesterday, and ammunition was served out to those who purposed taking part in the competition. The first entertainment in connection with the Tallegallh State School was held in that building on Thursday night last. It was a fne moonlight night, and a considerable number of the residents turned out. There were ubout eighty present, and the build. ing was comfortably filled. Mr. Marquis, the teacher, briefly proposed Mr. Dart as chairman, and the motion was carried by aceclamation. Mr. Dart, having returned thanks, took the chair, and reed the pro gramme, which was as follows:-Duet, "When the Gay Dreams of Childhood," Brothers BoSanlan ; "Jim Snaggleby's Courtship," reading, P. Dale, seon.; song, "Finnigan's Wake," P. Dole, jun.; reading, Voice and Pen," R. Seanlan ; duet, "' The Larboard Watch," Messrs. Johns and Marquis; reading. '" Death of Marmiot," P. Dale, sen.; song, "Mavour. neen," Mrs. Harria; recitation, "Callan Dhu," Mr. Marquis; reading from Mark 'Pwain, J. Scanlan ; song, "RBuglan Town," P. Dale, jnn.; song, "Thirty years ago," Mr. Marquis; duet, " Watch on the Rhine" (English translation), Brothers Scan. ion; song, " Billy Johnson's Ball," Wmin. Franklaond; nsog, " When these old clothes were new," Mr. IHarris; duet, " Minute gun at Sea," Messrs. Johns and Marquis. Mr. Marquis having proposed a vote of thanks to those who assisted in the entertainment, it was carried unanimously, and, after singing a verse of the National Anthem, thie compaty dispersed. Some, however-indeed the greater part-waited for the dance, which took placee in thie olhool-room, as a terminetion to the evening's amusement. In accordance with custom, anumber of aboriginals assembled at the police-station, Ipswiob, yesterday morning to receive their annual present of a blanket. Compared with previous years, the number of the ocriginal lords of the soil who put it an appearance as recipients of the bounty of those who have dispossessed them, was but small- only about twenty-two-but they seemed much rejoiced, and gave three cheers for Her Majesty, and one sable orator attempted a speech, whichl, nas not taken down. There must have been more blacks about who did not deem it worth while to attend. The Hev. Dr. Kelyneek delirvered a lecture in the Wesleyan Chureh laset evening on "The Old Home end what I sew there." The attendance was large and the Rev. M. H. Parkinson presided. The lecture was an exceedingly interesting onea, and was delivered in a manner that at once secured the sympathy and the appreciation of the audience. We hold over till next aissue a more extended report of the proeeedings., The m*mhers of the Bressell Dirisional Board met in their new office, at North Ipswiheb, on Batarday afternroon loest. 'The whole of lthe members were pre. seCnt-i-z., Messrs. It Tallon (chairman), W. Bryce, Jumee MhAndrew, J. Hunter, E. Archibald, J. T. lill, L. Alien, George Hutelhine, and J. Byers. After the transacetion of the asual preliminary businaen letters were read as follows :--One from the value Mr. H. D. Graham, informing the Board that he he completed the valuation, but owing to delay in ob. taning some necessary information from the Beal Proprrty Ooffice he would be unable to complete the valuntion register until the next week, and therefore asked for an extensiou of time to Baturday, the29th instant. His request wease granted, A letter was also received from the chairman of the Purge Boar8 e. latire to n propoeoe to nppoint one profeulonal man to the chargc of norefal djoining divinioos. Some: oommnications were also reeoired from the aoloniul Seeretary' department, oneofwhichroferredtotheoffer to rupplyBoarde with theatatutesatoostprinel another informed them tlhat specimen copies of wouebhers and hlees of certifcate-books, approved by the Colonial eecretary, and recommended for the use oflDivit sional Boards, had been forwarded, and that ihseoh could be obtained at the Government Pripltio#lgpBLe, the price also heing given a lenjbthy" eiroale"wem alto inclosed with reference to the retlra'bf th'g wale-, ation furnished tod Gocrantmat, aba "tetli?'th'at the Coloeiol Secretary wajld like s'the arair h to:* t as to the basis on which the vwluue tl.je made, Se. It also inormei the fbard.'M ih en - pressed by the law.ofleea oftbe Od,'in c ooetion with the moade of aluation,'@ere'tt h?afe t itthe Boards werenot bound to adheas to the vbluation of their oflicee, and ~hat it was Mietbtlaht tl~i6elat reduree orincrease seuch valuationi ehould theysin say intaoae, consider that thereluator hr liid8ar"or oere rdted the properties end also that, by ampberidug the veluer. with instrpotions which prvraihd hidifrom nariving at the net annoual value ofopsrtyor olit the amount of rent at awieh :thpbgiae eight eeaopablry be ,epeeted to, lettfrom yq?r?toaqear,'ompeoelhe Boards were ceraeinly, straining,' mohdolating, the provisione of the statute under:. ?1hajlei semr not ing. Somem'onearaotin ?oLtplaeo?~ A eirealsars sarprise bei sip~ xpeee'd at she io'o den fo rth s ett hati oin ef ler ek i t . y opened eas follows :'±"oh i. Dkr( per annm;l A. Buchanan, £200 Aiexander 8tewart )TJhn Amees, 5200: CO. 'PD. k " , Graham, £t80-brlat. ap de £180; Henry' Ptrihfrfell6 b £175 ' W.'atHL? £1es0"B.'W. Kendrick, l£150 s W. A. Smithjes. 51254 and .. r en ed Mr. W. . Smith's teem? .i end mern asnmored to the atecfe hutE. W, .dadriek'a li"adboptdlb4,n ' bntbe put 'bedt bj, the ulajbiite qdeidd i t rmhriee r~lcbIbon. n~rick's was'thdfreteorisiepteth ttha.3 i ind Me. Btcee had btiB ,, a, week, and, after carefol ins n,?e prehsiea a rubber-stamp, a copyi?g:il?e, atnlh iron iauafe. The following accounts swere n p foetsymphs-- n Shnwt'and on. (saf~ &eo;'!i'. XOA to~r and Ga." (fliniitare), $5 Ss. n 6s. iandries, 7Od.* The Ulib~maih;t~d jI;jat thi map of the diviion;bhpdaerried, bLt?ltthe neat, ind also thit the by-laws had not e 'it_ Gorernmhit 'Ganstte, as he d4entd now. Somed connereation also.tookp loe din g the Bathuiret and ddothdifburthirbb· a ingapjr'd of whioh in thedivisloe ehptIudliedeeokedl hedateof the next meeting was fixed. for tit ~dpyjteeket o'eloek:p.ia., for the purposuotf receinso n)a bi.. tion-book fro'the s hluer. The meetig then con cluded. : :~, " ,, ? o l';;Of?, ' the?a Tbhe town cloeek, like most of dte rtsipal gok a holiday:yeathrda~. It fiil6i' to aepiptae neofthe fieeling hours, buht, the town wps li ly daed little iieimentaeis 6 wee onoiesidt e We learn, however, 0het tbhe rs l:canseof the ltenee in the tower is this: The coatraotent'tredtaitoijit.the Government by the gentleman .who eedtedithbeiiloek expired about tilhe middle of lastmonth,aad-iaoeethlit time he has been in ompuninetion witbh theCold?ii Architeipt. with shpr,?siwi.ofrmsnerteiniig whlat the Government piopoend tbi donwith, it ?thbhiatir. After the intercbange pfe pme 'epredpnnidenbijMn the matter, and ,an offer -n the part of Mr. SBohoenle to kergi the.plook going.Jor twelve months for a ·F. reasonable siem, a telegam was received brim/ro the Oolonil .Arhebitect to theieSeet',thn?i?M¶FaA.e ment of Works has Ino. authorit Itat urreange for the winding-up or maintenance of the clock at Ipawieb. .&drpmarlukable; ommnuainatibn, erlhuily. However, if the Government hand overtheol,,ck .o the prieial oinaillmake them a present ol,it-.thbey* i'dbt. less devise meansL.,to haere it properly.,lbkh lie. Abi the ouneciilllmsect' ttis.a,fterabop,,the matter miglit'be diaeuesed. It wouldJre s?ity, nowthbt the clock is ereeted,,to let it remain a useless acquisi tion (if we rmay eo eapres -ursel lree)..eimply because the Workn?Department ..ie no aaf4pnj'y" to main' tein it. . The follbwing tenders werea opned 'iplo oice of the Under- ecertary fer Education en'Feidoy last,: For repairs and improeomeors, .Sate cchonl, UDIper Tenthill: John Bjersannde on. Ef3ltByiBn'onth. ;. Shaw, £129 10s., 8 wceke; Worley and Whitel?d?, £121, 10 weeks; tF. Ponley, £129, 6'eeka'. B., Headlnd,' £152.2 months.: Fr p rlay-e'd; is and infants' school, Middle Ipswich :'?'Byars and Son, £143, 8 months N. B:'Headladlud, .£140, 2 months P. Brown, £128; 2 'montlhs; W. Wileoo, $187 fl.,9 wetse; Worley 'nd Whitehaed, £129, 8 wcaes J. Madden, £160 10s., 10 ieliek. : 'The Doly' Herald of Stibrdsy giWehbefolliowng particulars of the ilre rwhich broke eout ii thioetab· lishment of Meters J. Francis and Bons, add i'wohich we made reference in our issve of Thursday last: On Tuesdoay morning, atbalf'panct 8 o'olok?x:kire was disebovered on the premiers of Meseers. Franeis, in Coun ninghamtstreer, that, hut for the late hour of itt dis covery sod the fortunate preseube'd of a iriibkli?rill, might;have been produetire of nost disastrous cohie quenees, involving, perhaps, the ?dstruection of the whole blook, including the Sohlool of Arts; for frobm the totally inadequate oeana'at our command to sup press Bres, and the extraordinary apathy on the part of our authorities to provide the a"ame, thia'it onbe obtained a hold, the whelt block would ha`e been doomed. 'At the hour mentioned, Mr. Kirkwood wae crossing from the Poet.ofeoe to his'reeidisiber when Mr. J.. D. Frauncis, who was aboeitit to opiih the' shopn cried out that the place was on.fire. Mr. irk. weood ran in, but the whole ilane was full of smoke, and he could not see fire nor anything else. "A lad named Callaghan opened the back door, n?d fire iml mediately burst out among the piles'of goods on the shelves in the back room against the hribk wall. Mr. Kirkwood raised on alarm, and Mr.O'Meara, who was passing, was the first to respond to the call. They obtained buckets, and, finding plenty of water in the tanke behind the premises, began using it with good effet. Meanwhile thle fire had reached tile lining hboarde of the roof, end thie police and several others having come to assst, they got on the roof, stripped off the iron, and tore away the burning planks, distri habuting water plentifully all tie time. So welldid they work, that in half-an-hour all danger was over. How thie fire originated is not known, but it will be the sub. jectof lan inquiry to be held on Tuesday or Wednesday next. Had it occurred in the night, when helop would noet havIne been so easily erenilable, or had tie wall been weood instced of brick, great destruction must havre ensued. We (C'ourier) understand that MIr. Frederick if. Swanwick, the defendant in the aetion Brookes v. Swanwick, which hlas ncaeited so nmuch interest, has requented the Lion. the Attorney.General to call a meoling of the bar to hear a statement in reference to that ease, and that the request will be complied with nent week.--Yesterday'a Courier heas the following in reference to thel above case:--hMuch feeling has been3 excited by the case Sydney if. Bwanwick, and dis cussion of the affair has, we think, ratber exceeded warrantable limits. It is assumed that Mr. Justice Harding's remark, that Swoanwick might iunew hise apology ten yours hence, was tantamount to a sentenee of ten years' imprisonment; but we believe this assumption is groundless. Ae we understaoned the mntter, the punishment to be awarded for Swanwick's contempt of Court is still a maeter entirely ob judice, and we do not therefore feel warranted at 'lprespnt in writing on the merits of the ease, lest it might seem like attempting to influenoe the final decision, which would, of course, be unwarrantable, and an intrusion on the privilege of those with whole the judgment lips. A troupe of Brisuni~ tre gavesa ia Mielllnnc'" entertainmebmin7thb Sohool.or.Arts last everning, don sisting of coaedy, dhnbee, solob, comic antd icharatcr songs, &e.;'* Tbe .udienoe sees ery 'modoeate, which was soarcelyto beh wondere at, so maPy having. Pen out of town all day... We lave not ppac .to portiou. larise the various items on.the programte, but asumc. it to say that pretty general satisfaction was expressesd, especially withl the negro busines. '. 'We were seoriy tb notice that what piomtied tobe a very good reiding Tennyson's "Dora"-was cut short by thediscourtoooe conduct of some of the audictee, upon a repetition of whioh the reader very vroperly etired. Titi cooical' sketch "The Rival Tenants," created much amuso meat, and the entertainmentoneluded with the laugh able comedietta, "To Obhlig ]enhobn." Shlould the troupe visit Ipswich ag'ain so hope they may choose a better eovening than'thut of a holiday, and that they will meet Witb a more corfil rception. . A fire broke out in lrisen's n Sunday.esening last in the produce stores ostessra. . ahd I. Grimes, in Eoma.ptree, resu)ting.ip the total deqtruc~i0n of the premises together with aalruable esocl. Thle tow of Mr. Rigby, tie fruiterer, was spre only !throgh the ecertins'of the Fire crigade,;wholdere promptly on the soot; but.Mr. . Rigby'stock, together with p small quotity oIf. foditure in .'tlih 'ous, w?s' .itlI bundled out of the place, on toosiderably 'doamaged. The Mese's O~iim'ese's store was insured in the Queens ladd Oomi?liny,'iaid ttieii s?edl i6 thiNeie Zeiland, but we wribe n tornslo .carnt to wrtleiteqttt 'while the loss sustained by Mi. litbg ss.s eovered: by a policy in Q'oiyeim tnestaahc o siompqny. From the.bsakiatpon Buetledin of the Stst instant we takle thi'ddllowinn patledulirs isidreferinee tothe wraek ol thes oheooutt Zumea.:jT-.h nes. Lrielihnr'$. retarned lo Abe' Aflfpoi''',,?m]?d'ai'oct)ri portilrfieri: 1 o'lock last erenine, having brongtit from thie &rich;' of the No'iiei dp S6 uturet Itoef, P Lt.feareej the Governm~b~iui~~'~'it~irbb ·"tO~htl'hI~t' nfYIlce&.'nnd cewl of that:ivescl..aea .nisety-twPio;t'iyuiMOtvi.'" bourers, tl s.snusterroll ehowieg thut enebe ulaucher. worn mish itt9'Tw~o $W'thieO are toeitirelg kwni to: have beenOdei nOih, and'the -r?iehlnig Ptli i oitldsp." pear to have met a similar late, as the'weekedveosel and the rea di clhifS6flly sbirei ed1 e t sleohake aure)tahf no one was I.floiblbhhdaletct.pcttpthat thee, Captain Bflbhoidrit*thotit mehisls oodl.iOpQ abeA e took the precaution before lsaine hectn harvetroight' tapon deck a pypf proisione and nter g C ' r.-.hiatnas timelypre " Tl it? 'sther stores were he sea they were not too S z fl a td'lth prbrva idle slreict a. eletliorthoit elepied 'before reliof lt iteie br jtnibdw!if pbople.cast eO t hfltt f ahl'dlat'tion,,and "hrlhCl te'e only food pdicurable consisted of-a: fewehaseed wild f~widnid:liYUsl'I t is?gratifying to learn tlet ollcors adblim.i 'al:Mlma.to havedone their:duty, and used thir best aptd,' obppretecfljfetaoad properlyiwitllin their reach. The Ilnders, we are assured, behared vsydeill jf&den8iid;'the' trying .ciroutostancee in whieh they unexpectedlr 'tond themselves;i The einehiithi fho'lkemained on the wreck Ceuced some. little trouble by their uiswillingness to leave when was offered thoem...rey appear to have.given a F tpp6Flost, and Bad.seettled down to their d-- ltetlf d-io be pdied overboard to makre -_s Thnea order to ht'tbem'to the steamer. Biot t W? o fraXiioy beha?ioBr br insubordiha. ttnon theirpart. They ?new little the worse for thc eb'bsdae~l.aid.?shitpV~zdd#oiiS,.v' The'. ioblte'.mdu' as well as islandersA?'e~tel'edbridnhly cut about the feet end legs by the knockingabout they have had on tWtltbbn'lijbt.&tti;:'Ipiar to.be free 'fromin sickneis Bdtf4'thb ~idf lo tllthe trouble, there was a pleas; iasJtbl?oreBti i: ibcid?sltde, iiblhing less than a love aifair ending in marriage, the sable-pair beine united in ths holy bonds of matrimony by Mr. Pearee, tile G0o. ernment agentrlihbo consented to ofliciate at the cere mony. Captain Belbinh, the Government Agent (Mr. 3,parn,.d.p~on e dmen of the ship have lost ay'altieyp'ospseied, and sdme of theshbip's eom pyhliave euffqered to a certain extent such privations tihti~tickll dduiiot htifpeo' to moany. Only for their timely resuons it is haid to gasy .het "'ould hlave be fallen the Polypessiansp as- the 'Europeanns on land, while doing all they oeuld to_make matters 'eomfort able oa shore for the islandere,,.rcberreda? very'small atore for themselves, in theevent of laring to take to theirboat. ..', : Ir " 