i MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS OF ENGLISH j AND FOREIGN NEWS. I (From tine European Mail.) The Oldest Commissioned Officer in Heb Majesty's Matt lias just passed sway in the person of Admiral Philip Westpbal, The deceased entered the Navy in 1794 {under the patronage of the Duke'of Kent), as a first-class volunteer on board I/Oisean; and after serving for about 12 months on'that frigate on the coast of .North America and in the West Indies, joined in succession the Albatross and the Shannon, on the home station. He soon afterwards joined the Asia, under the command of Captain Murray. and was again employed in North America until the end of 1800. He then became master's mate on board the Blanche, and in tliat ship took part in the action off Copenhagen on April 2, 1801. Tliree days after that event I be was promoted to a lieutenancy and trans, ferred to the Defiance, flagship of Sir Thomas Graves. His next appointment was to the Amazon, in which he saw some active service in. the Mediterranean. He shortly afterwards accompanied Nelson to the West. Indies and back in search of the combined fleets of France and Spain. In 1806 Lieutenant ! Westpbal took part in a long runningjjiSght which ^ ended, in the capture of two of'tlie enemy's vessels. He was subsequently emj ployed on the coast of France and'on t"be north coast of Spain. In 1812 he was appointed first lieutenant on board the Junon, on the North American station, where he saw much service and contributed to the capture of several vessels. In January, 1815, be was transferred to the Albion, bearing the flag of Sir George Cockburn, and shortly afterwards, on bis return to England, he was promoted to the rank of commander. His last appointments were in the Worpite and Kent. He was advanced to a captaincy in 1830, and in 1847 admitted to the out-pensiou of Greenwitch Hospital. He attained flag rank in 1855 and became an admiral on the retired list in 1866. A Veey Remabkable community was described in the columns of a contemporary the other day. It almost, so to speak. out- Edens Eden. It is pcrched up amon# the Swiss Alps, and is a kind of new Andorra in its priuiitiveuess and the perfectioa of its manners. The name of the place is Ablnndscbenen, which being interpreted, signifies an outof-the- way locality, whereof the people lire in strango contrast with the rest of human kind. They have no standing army, and therefore, never go to war. They have no fleet, being hunderedsof miles from the sea in every direction. They have no publieans, and consequently their elections, if they have any, are completely pure. They have no doctor, and—we do not repeat." therefore " on this account—there lias not been a death among them for several years. Such is the story we are told. But it is not all. that happy congregation of Swiss Protestants possesses no Newspaper of its own, is vexed by the postman only once a week, does no trade, and occupies itself wi£h little industry. It is torment by neither the ring of the blacksmith's hammer, the fume of the baker's oven the clatters of the wheelwrighl's shop, nor the importunities of shop-keepers. Nor does a "notary spoil parchment, or an advocate confound justice, or a policeman terrify ti;e night in all that mountain Arcadia. KThis is really as surprising as it is delightful. A cheap jack-once a fortnight—" a man he is to all tife country dear"—bring the good folks ail they want in the shape of sundries, their own herds, flocks, and poultry-yards supplying them with the rest. The Ablandsclieneners. having little money, are not blessed with a bank, but they bape a church, with a single bell, which is tinkled, like a railway signal, at the birth of a boy, though it goes ecstacies at that of, a girl. Surely it was wrong to re veal the secrets of this Alpine Utopia, because tourists for the future will be finding it out. and vulgarising it, as they have vulgarised the Eoghsden. But. as the French say, " Nothing is sacred to a Sapper," and so nothing can be kept out of the guide books now. Hence, the Ablandscheneners may, before long, have to establish an hotel, and even a policeman. I Influence of the Electeic Light on Vegetation.—Some most interesting experiments have lately been made by Dr. Siemens on the influence with the electric light has on | vegetation. Quick growing seeds, such as mustards, melons, &c.;, were seen in pots, and placed so as to be exposed to either davlight, electric light, or darkness at will, all other conditions being the same. In all cases the differences of cffect were unmistakable. The plants kept in the dark were pale yellow, thin in the stalk, and soon died. Those exposed to electric light only showed a lightgreen leaf, and had sufficient vigour to survive. Those exposed to daylight only were of a darker green and greater vigour. Those exposed to both sources of light showed a decided superiority in vigour over ail the others, and the green of the leaf was of a daik rich hue. Dr Siemens concludes from his experiments that the electric light can be profitably utilised in promoting the growth of plants ; in horticulture this may be of value, for plants may be made to grow as vigorously during the night by the aid of the electric light as during daytime with sunlight. It remains to be seen whether the electric light, as it is a general belief that that light is detrimental io germination, although the fact ' lias dot been obsolutely proved. j The Tcpophonk.—A new instrument. I called by this name, has been experimented upon and described by Professor Morton, of the United States, by which the exact direction of sound given by fog horns or fogs bells may be ascertained. The machinery is very simple, and consists of a vertical rod passing til rough the roof of the deck cabin, to the upper end of which are attached two adjustable resonators. Below these is a pointer, set at right angles to the bar, while rubber tubes pass through the cabin roof and are i connected with a pair of ear tubes. The whole appartus can be turned towards any direction, and the result is that any person sitting in the cabin, by turning round until the least sound was perceptible, will bring the pointer within ten degrees, or less than one point, of the direction. The experiments proved thst it was easy to ascertain whence the sound came from a distance of four to six miles. English travellers in France hsvo often wondered where all the fowls that figure daily in the menus at every hotel, restam ant, " and priyate house in that country, at do mat ter what season of the year, pan possibly come from; but, thanks to some singular statistics just published, this mystery has been cleared up. France, we are told, contains nofewer than 40-000,000 hens, whicli are followed by a .train of 100,000,000 chickens, about a tenth part of these. latter being destined for the duties of propagation. !Tbe 40,300,OOO hcnB lay aunuallj four milliards: of eggs, which, at the rate of six centimes each—a trifle over a halfpenny the price paid to the breeder, realise a sum of I 240,000,000 fraoce. If to this amount be ad-' ded to the proceeds from the sale of fowls. J whether lean or fat, and taking into consider^ stion also the aarplus value attaching to eggs :uid birds by reason of city toils, the total arrived at is set down at the almost fabulous i figure of 550,000,000. francs, or more than half a milliard, producing Annually by-French poultry yards. Neither ducks nor geese, itor turkeys are. included in these calculations ; if -they < were the gross sum would have to be increased by several hundreds of francs. So, accepting this census a9 tolerably nsar the mark, we may henceforth cease to be surprised at the vast amount of chicken. bo;:es daily picked in France. Luxurious Teatellimg.—We hear (says a London pa per) that Mr Pantnure Gordon is having a Pulman car constructed for himself, to run betwixt Brighton aod London. A first-rate cook is to be attached to it, and Mr : Gordon contemplates haviug breakfast, if not j dinner, " on board" daily. For this luxury fhs J&ailivay; Company is to charge him £1,200 per annum ; but then he ie allowed to carry a certain number of passengers, and j these will, no doubt, combine with hiji in dividing the expense. Imitation Pear)?, Diamonds, and precious Stones are being manufactured in Paris to a < considerable extent, and these productions are seat to the .$hops of all lands. Hundreds of operatives'are employed in polishing the. coloured stozifiS Aod-jn.liaing the false pearls with fish scales and wax. The scales of the roach and dace are chiefly employed for the latter purpose. They have to be stripped from the flesh while living, or the glistening hue so much admired in the real pearl will not be imitated. These Paris pearls have beeu of late years so perfect that the Roman pearl has to a certain extent been superseded. The setting is always of real gold, and the fashion of the newest kind. The secret of the Whitehead Torpedo is out A publisher at Portsmouth has bronght before the public a work on submarine warfare, by an officer late of the English and Ottoman navies, in which a full and faithfui description is given of the notorious fish torpedo. He tells us the size of the weapons, their motive power, the nature of the internal mechanism, and the reason why they sometimes sink and sometimes float. He tells of the esplosiye charge contained in the head 1 of the terrible iitcle destroyer, and how the explosion is brought about. But all said and done, we doubt whether after his explanation the Whitehead torpedo is not a greater mysi tery to most people than it was before. Without a model or mechanical drawings, the most detailed description would fail to supply skilled workmen with sufficient information to construct the torpedo. The fish torpedo has been on view at the Woolwich ' Arsenal for some months past, and is, we be1 lieve, shown to every visitor, who passes through the workshops. The nature of the charge in the head has beeu explained repeatedly ; in the British service it is gun cotton, and, if we remember rightly, amounts to 30 or 40 lbs. of this materia!. The manner of launching the torpedo has been frequently made the subject of a public exhibition, and' that the motive power of the torpedo is supplied by compressed air is a welJ-fcnown fact. In the middle of the cigar-shaped instrument, which measures some twelve or fourteen feet, there is an air reservoir of stout steel, and the atmosphere is compressed therein up to six or seven hundred pounds on the square ineh.__, Ihe.jair under this terrible—pressure i rushes out, and sets in motion an engine of i the most delicate natuie that tsrns a screw, ■ while an ingenious rudder arrangement keeps ■ the weapon in a straight line. It moves through the water like a rocket. It floats at the end of its journev—when it has not struck a victim—for the simple reason that it ie lighter, having parted with the compressed air. or the last " kick" of the fish may be to a valve, when water rushes in, and the animal sinks. There has been no secret about any of these points, and whether the publication of more minute details will permit of the construction of the machines forthwith by strange hands is a matter of which we have very grave doubt. Gkapb Sitgae feosi Rags.—A manufactory in Germany turns out 1,000 pounds of grape sugar a day from old linen. The old linen, which is pure vegetable fibriue, is treated with sulphuric acid and converted into dextrine. This is washed with lime-water, and then treated wi'.h more acid, and almost immediately it changes and crystallises into glucose, or grape sugar, which is highly I valued in the making of rich preserves and jellies. The process is said to be economical, and the sugar is chemically the same as that found ir; the grape. Why the project should be objected to on the score of its origin is not ciear, if one reflects that grapes are nourished by materials more offensive than old rags, and that there is practically no difference between a transformat ion in nature's laboratory and one in the laboratory of the chemist. Still, there is a great outcry over the German . sugar-rag factory, and considerable danger of I the enterprise being stopped by the German j Government. ! The Times special correspondent at Cabul \ reports that General Uoberts had information | that the treasure of Yakoob Khan was with his father-in-hw. It was found by digging | in his house. Besides a large number of Bnkharian gold tillahs, there were 12,000 ^ Russian gold five-rouble pieces. The money was used for paying the British troops, the Russian gold being made currency by order of the general, A.s only a portion of the treasure is supposed to have been recovered. Russian subsidies to the Ameer must have been considerable, and can only have been given for purposes inimical to British in- . teresis. A correspondence covering a long ' period from the Russian Governor-General j of Turkestan to the Ameer has also come to light, and shows the set purpose of the .Russian Government to make Afghanistan an ally and a basis of intrigue against British India. Those t'iscoveriea justify the action taken by the British Government to secure exclusive British influence in Afghanistan. To have temporised with an Ameer sold to Hussia would have been to court dauger to India. A writer in the British Medical Journal, in a communication to the editor on the possible cause of the recent outbreak of aa epidemic of sore throat at Darmstadt, says:—"It is well-known that women and children areinthe habit of kissing pet cats and dogs, especially when these favorites are ill with discharge from the nose, cough, and sore throat, and e .'en use their pockethandkercbiefs tb wipe away.tue »Lvretion. I. have seen this done fremitusly. As such mistaken sympathy is ex ■ c.-ciiiHgiy dangerous, I'think a notice in the j Jon: nal to'this effect would tend to its dis- , engagement. . It is a common saying "that •; ' There! the cat has got a cold; now it will go ; thrbiigii the house,' and, as this remark , has been repeatedly rerified, it' shows .'ho w; careful people1 should be to svoid coTitact with j sucli a mode of contagion. I do not affirm , that this is the way in which the disease was \ contracted, either within or without the . palace walls, but I feel sure the liabit of j ; kissing pets is a source of danger that should be widely known and prevented. .A Wasteful Iktehesx paid by Earmebb. —There is no disputing the fact tbit any farm implement, be it waggon, plough, barrow, reaper, rake or what not, if left exposed to rain abd sun for ten years, will, be practically good for nothing We might say io five years, but if any choose to cavil at five years we will say ten. This means ten per cent per annum! At a cost of less than one per cent, these tools can always be kept housed, or under cover of some kind, even if it is but rougb boards, it will shut out sun and rain. Because we do riot see the silent, slow, but steady, waste, we are apt to forget that it is ever going on. It is unnecessary to suggest the *' application" of this short sermon. Nine per ceot. interest saved is not to be despised, even if better times are at hand. Tub Secket of Success in Hard Times.— An English agricultural journal makes a pertinent remark to the effect that, " if a careful enquiry was made, it would be found that the farmers who are most successfully weathering the storni of adversity in that country, are those who have kept their farms up to a high state of fertility, and those who are sinking are chiefly the poor farmers." It is so in every industry, and in all circumstances "the best man wins." The farmer whose fields are well cultivated,' whose cattle are well selected and well kept, whose costly machines are carefully used and protected, whose tools are always in good working order, and regularity, and whose habits are economical and frugal, is the one who suffers least from unfavorable weather, from insect pests and from unfavorable markets. Having produce of good quality, and being in the market in season, he sells at tbe best prices, or being fore-handed, he is able io hold his produce or stock until he is willing to sell. Moreover, be is not in the hands of the usurer and has not to pay 10 or 12 per cent, per annum upon borrowed moneys. A correspondent of the Greelong Advertiser is responsible for the following ghost " story :— " As I know you feel interested in such circumstances, I write, in case you way aot hare heard it, to tell you of ;i very remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, cf the late Archdeacon lanes. The Archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and, though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have re course to willing. This lends additional value to circumstance which I have to tell jou. For some months the Archdeacon had been assisted as lay reader by a young man, recently arrived from home, named Lisserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the Arclideacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness .md goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at tbe parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the Archdeacon. Just before his death the Archdeacon, who, as I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compose mentis to ihe last, wrote that going into his study one even ing, after Lisserman's death, he saw him standing at the study table, and involuntarily exclaimed, ' Holloa! are you here?* * 2es,* replied the apparation, ' and where I now am there will you soon be.' jvtr. Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique, and when he saw the apjjarntion was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and -vouched for." A Case of Elopement, which has for some tirtie occupied diplomatic circles on buth sides of the Channel, is now before, the Civil Tribunal of Paiis. Musurus Bey, son of tbe Turkish Ambassadoi in London, while on a visit to the French capital, fell in love with Mdlle. d'linecourt, a young lady belonging fo one of the richest and most distinguished families in the Faugourg St. Germain. The affection was returned, but the mother of the young lady refused to listen to her marriage. So Mdlle. d'Imecourt eloped with Musnrus Bey to Loudou, where tbe couple got wedded at a church in Middlesex. After the laspe of a fortnight, howeyer, the young lady's family succeeded in getting her back to Paris, and tbe mo'.her has now applied to the Tribunal to annual the marriage, on the ground that it took place without her consent, and without the publication of banns, and that it is therefore illegal. It is said that the young wife has been put into a convent. 