? CONCERT.—A vocal and instrumental concert will be given this afternoon in the Town Hall Exchange-room, by Mr. H. Schrader, R.A.L., assisted by several well- known lady and gentleman professionals. HEMBT KETTEN.—To-day Henry Ketten, the pianist, who has been so enthusiastically received throughout Australia, will arrive in Adelaide to fulfil an engagement to Mr. Allison. A series of concerts will commence in the Town Hall on Wednesday, September 15, which, judging by all that has been said of the musical genius of the performer, is likely to be a great treat to those who can appreciate impassioned music. SATURDAY NIGHT'S POPULAR CONCERTS.—In consequence cf tbe Exhibition now being held in the Town Hall the first popular concert of the last series, under the direction of Mr. George Robertson, has necessarily been postponed till Saturday next. We hear that a very fine programme will then be presented. EMTERTAIMMENT AT THE HOSPITAL FOB THE INSANE.—On Thursday, September 9, an entertainment was given in the Hospital for the Iceane, Parkside, by a number of ladies and gentlemen. The programme prepared seemed to suit tbe inmates, to judge by their applause. In addition to the nsual songs and duets, three gentlemen presented the two farce", " Wanted an Actor'' and " A Scene in a Doctor's Shop," which were very well received. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the entertainment :—The Misses Coombs aad Gully, and Messrs. S. Ranford, R. J. Gully, Fred. C. Coombs, W. R. Schmidt, and Lyster. A vote of thanks was proposed by an inmate to tbe performers for the very enjoyable evening they had provided, and a wish was expressed that they would soon visit them again. Miss Coombs ably acted as accompanist. HUMOROUS LECTUHB AT POET ADELAIDE.—The Rev. S. Green will deliver a humorous lecture in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Monday night, in aid of the funds of St. Paul's Church. Portraits of illustrious Portoniaos under the msgic lantern will be exhibited, and the lectnrer will treat of their songs, saying", and doings. PANORAMA or MELBOURNE.—We have received from Mr. M. L. Hutchinson, of Melbourne, a panorama of that city, intended to serve as a souvenir of the Exhibition. THE BEEFACRBS MEET.—By an advertisement which appears in the usual place it will be seen that members of the Hunt Club are invited to muster at the Beefacres Estate at 1.30 p.m.—an hour before the hounds throw off. PROFESSOR PEPPER'S SCIENTIFIC ENTERTAIN- MENTS.—Professor Pepper took his benefit at the Academy of Music on Friday evening, September 10, and he had a very good house. The audience had a capital entertainment, combining instruction and amusement, with a few sensations thrown in. The subject for consideration was alchemy, and some of the experiments were as startling as the subject is romantic. The Professor sketched tbe progress of Alchemy from the days of tbe ancient Egyptians, through the dark ages, when the fevered search was made for tbe philosopher's stone, np to modern times, when alchemy has given place to chemistry. He then illustrated his remarks on " the black art" by a number of interesting experiments. The first of these was the simple one of causing an egg to sink half-way down a glass jar and then rest in mid- water. The explanation was that the specific gravity of the lower half of the water was greater than that of the egg, because of the salt which had been placed in the water. Then water wasturned into blood (or what looked like blood), and blood into water again, by the addition of certain chemicals. The most sensational experiment of the evening was a costly one, being nothing less than the burning of a diamond, kindly given to the Professor for the purpose by Mr. Steiner. The diamond, when burning, emitted a very brilliant light for about a minute, but, as the Professor remarked, it was rather a costly process for getting a light. AA intense degree of heat was required to melt the diamond, and this was secured by the aid of oxy-hydrogen gas, and then kept ap by placing the burning diamond inside a bottle kept well supplied with oxygen gas. Another illustration, which occasioned a good deal of preliminary curiosity and not a little surprise during its progress, was that of fire-handlins. The Professor put hia hand into boiling water and boiling lead without being scalded or burnt. There was no mistake about the hand being in the hot liquid, as the Professor in one case took an egg from the bottom of the water, and in the other he with his fingers dragged up and threw nn thf stage some of thf» mplted m^tal. PT*. tVien explained bow it was done, and, as Friar Bacon said of the discovery of gunpow ler, it is quite easy! when the way is known. Previous to placing his hand in the fiery furnace he saturated it thoroughly with some solution which acted as a glove and effectually shielded the skin from injury. The entertainment closed with the exhibition of a splendid series of views of.the City of London, "showing the great improvements recently made in the modern Babjlon." The Professor met with a very hearty reception, and was loudly applauded after each experiment. He is advertised to give his last entertainment to-night, when a new serios of experiments will be made, and the entertainment will conclude with a series of views of incidents in the war in Afghanistan. The Professor is about to leave Adelaide for about a fortnight, after which he will return to town, when he will exhibit the world-renowned " Pepper's Ghost." THEATRE ROYAL.—" The Octoroon" was repeated at the Theatre on Friday evening, in the presence of a good house. The piece passed off qnite as successfully as on its previous representation. Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner gave an excellent portrayal of the character of Zoe, the Octoroon, and elicited frequent outbursts of approval from an appreciative audience. This evening The Royal Pardon, or the House of the Cliff," u a drama in four acts, by Pellit and Conquest, will be presented for the first time in Adelaide. The first act of the " Royal Pardon" opens with the return of Captain Seafield to his birthplace laden with riches. He is watched by the clerk of a pettifogging lawyer, who Bees hi<n open a satchel full of'jewels and money. The clerk (Milbank) is instigated by Septimus Swindledown to obtain possession of the jewels. Milbank finding that he cannot obtain them without arousing the old man from his sleep, strikes him with a boatbuilder's adze and throws him over the cliff. The crime is thrown npon the shoulders of Paul Markuam' the keeper of the hotel in which the deed w^ done. The next act finds Milbank married to Paul Mark ham's wife, Markham having been transported and reported to have died. Milban k obtains a legacy which fell due to Markham the day after the crime was committed, half of which belongs to Markham's daughter, whom he wishes to dispose of in order that he maypossess the whole of the money. Paul Markham, however, returns from abroad, and frustrates the plots and machinations of Milbank to destroy his daughter. Mr. Bland Holt takes the part of an old drunken schoolmaster, who has a number of quaint sayings, and who proves instrumental in frustrating Milbank from recovering the treasure which he hag hidden in the ground. WAXWORKS AT PORT ADELAIDB. —Kreitmayer's collection of wax figures was exhibited at the Town Hall. Port Adelaide, on Thursday, September 9, and it was visited by a large nnmber of people during the day. The figures include representations of the Kellys, and notorious people, as well as of celebrated personages. The Exhibition is open to-day. 