MELBOURNE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) MELBOURNE, WEDNESDAY. Although the question of opening the Exhibition t by night was negatived by 32 to 29 at the meeting yesterday, some of the Victorian Commissioners are not satisfied, and have called a special meeting for Thursday next, in the hope of reversing the decision arrived at yesterday. A very unseemly amount of feeling has been aroused in reference to this matter, and the subject was discussed with almost parliamentary vehemence. The effect of the want of consideration shown by the Victorian Commissioners, are- at least a portion of them, will be seriously felt should this colony \- ever attempt to hold another International Exhibition. 1 I have heard many of the foreign exhibitors express their regret that they over came here, and their determination never to show , anything in Melbourne again. In many to spects the regulations made by the Commissioners have proved so absurdly oppressive that they will have to be modified, notably the hard and fast rule that exhibitors shall not sell and deliver any article so long as the Exhibition remains open. So strictly lies this rule been enforced that even the exhibitors of band L as we are not allowed to sell the ingenious little puzzles that they put out of blocks of wood, and an exhibitor of machinery for making confectionery is obliged to keep his machines idle, as the authorities will not allow him to dispose of even a single peppermint drop. The Empire of India, which at the Sydney Exhibition was rather poorly represented, has here a grand display of its resources and industries. The principal Indian Court is under the gallery in the main build- ing adjoining the Art Court of N. S. W., but it has also a large space devoted to the exhibition of raw products in the annexe, and it shows a number of tents in the open space to the north of the building. The satisfactory representation of India at this Exhibition is largely owing to Mr. J. Inglis, of Sydney, who, as. an old Indian resident, was dissatisfied with the appearance of the Indian Court at the G Garden Palace, and made such representations to his friends in official positions in India, that the present splendid display is the result. The Indian Government fully recognise the benefit of extending their commerce to the Australian colonies, and have strictly enjoined their commissioners to ascertain what of the products of India are suitable for Australian use, and what the colonies can give them in exchange. As far as Victoria is concerned those negotiations are not likely to lead to much, owing to the protective duties that obtain here. As an instance of how this policy works, I may mention that one shipper in India sent a large con signment of strong leather boots and shoes, such as are used on the Indian plantations. Owing to the cheapness of both labour and material, those articles can be sold here at 2s. 6d. per pair. But the shipper on arriving home was at once confronted with a duty of is 6d. per pair, or over 60 per cent. Under those circumstances, he declined to land his goods here, but sent them on to Sydney, where the whole lot was quickly sold at satisfactory prices. The Indian exhibits may be considered in five different sections those from Bengal, from Bombay, from Madras, from the Punjaub, and from the north-west provinces, and in each of these groups will be found illustrations of the manners and customs of the people, their skill in the arts and manufactures, and their natural resources and raw materials. It is evident at a glance that many of the articles here shown would be eminently adapted for Australian use, especially the calicoes, muslins, and ( other cotton fabrics. Cotton, as is well known, growers to the greatest perfection in many parts of India, and the Indian manufacturers are so unsophisticated as not to have learned the art of " dressing " their goods so as to make them appear stout and strong until they go through the ordeal of the wash-tub, after which they become miserable rags. The Indian goods, on the contrary, are not got up with any eye to effect, but one only requires to feel them to be assured that they are genuine in quality. The teas of Assam and the north-west provinces are already favourably known in Australia, and they too have a genuineness about them that ought to give them the preference over the made-up productions of the "Heathen Chinee." Indian coffee we are already familiar with, also with their sugars, though Australia will soon be comparatively independent of their lands as regards the production of this necessary of life. Spices, rice, and various articles of food can be supplied to us by India, besides dyes, drugs, oils, and many other items of commercial importance. Nor need the list be closed here, for if we choose to invest in jewellery, precious stones, and articles of curiosity and luxury, the productions of the native Indian workmen, with their taste and skill as great as their tools and apparatus are ' limited, cannot be surpassed for quaint elegance and semi-barbaric Splendour. On entering the Indian Court the eye is at once attracted by the display on the walls of carpets, in Oriental patterns, and of bright colours, yet disposed so harmoniously as to avoid anything like gaudiness. These goods come from various parts the Punjaub, the north-west provinces, . central India, etc, and some of them are the produce ' of gaol labour. They are constructed on a firm and strong cotton ground, the pattern in a Hud of velvet . pile being worked in by hand. According to size and quality these carpets can be sold at from £10 To £80 ; but if the price seems high, it would not prove so in the long run, for carpets of this kind have been known to last, in spite of heavy and continuous wear, for over 50 and 60 years, and such is the permanency of the Indian dyes that the colour never fades, and the goods look almost as v veil when they are nearly worn out as they do at first. Perhaps the next thing that attracts the notice and excites the admiration of the visitor is the rich and handsome carving with which many of the show-cases . ore adorned. One could spend hours in examining some of this work, for the details are so delicate and so . patiently wrought out, that one keeps on finding fresh beauties every way one turns. One of these cases, said to have been made to the order of the Duke of Buckingham, cost no less than £1000, and I understand that his Grace is now offering it at cost price. But, if the cases are costly and handsome, what shall be said of the contents ? Take for instance one case containing a large collection of real Cashmere shawls, with patterns most exquisitely wrought, and colours so rich, and so artistically blended as to produce on effect which western civilization, with all its apparatus and appliances, attempts in vain to imitate. These goods are so fine that some of the largest size could be drawn through a lady's wedding ring, and they are woven from the silky hair of a species of goat that abounds in the hilly districts. Near this are other cases, containing specimens of an art almost peculiar to India embroidery in gold on velvet or silk. The degree of perfection to which this art has been carried can at once be realized by an inspection of those articles, though the richness of effect and the beauty of the work can scarcely be described. The material used is pure gold, not mere tinsel, so that the articles shown are as intrinsically valuable as they are artistically excellent. In former times a wealthy despot would think nothing of adorning himself with a suit worth several thousands of pounds; but in the present day the demand for the higher class specimens of this art is fast declining, and it is feared that the industry will ere long die out. ' Among the articles here shown are table- covers, cushions, ' dresses, slippers, etc, of the most handsome and once tive designs, and at almost fabulous prices. Then there some peacock feather trimmings of marvellous beauty, worth about £3 5s. a yard. Muslin of cobweb 1 fineness is shown, and piggeries for hats, many of them embroidered in the most delicate and tasteful patterns. Among the exhibits that will excite the most admiration are the clay models from Lucknow, represent ' in" almost every phase of Indian life They consist of figures, only a few inches high, but dressed and coloured in exact imitation of nature. illustrative at once of the customs and costumes of the natives. To mention a few by way of sample. There is the Blast is, or water carrier. Ho parries slung across his back the dressed skin of the animal, full of water, from which he is filling a bucket probably for some European resident. There are the kkidnatgars, or under servants : the hansome, or butlers; the chaplains, or peons the bearers, or head servants and the eyes, or glooms, all attired in their characteristic costumes. There are the finals, or gardeners; the grass-cutters, carrying on their heads their bales of grass ; and there are the ghosts, or washer men, engaged in their work. Female figures are shown, among which are the ayah, or female servants, and dancing girls. Various trades are represented, as tailors, jewellers, are., carrying on their respective operations and there are groups of musicians, snake charmer, and other representations of Indian amusements. One group illustrates an Indian wedding party, and there are models executed with life-like fidelity of elephants, Brahmin bulls, and other Indian animals. In another case are shown a collection of models of Indian vegetables and fruits, among which are the i cucumber, orange, lemon, guava, pineapple, plantain, custard apple, mango, pomegranate melon, egg-plant, jack fruit, gourds of various kinds, sugarcane, figs, &c.;, in exact imitation of nature. These models are none the less remarkable from the fact that they are the production of unlearned, though ingenious, natives, who employ their leisure hours in modelling those articles, which they sell for a comparatively small sum to the Europeans. Fancy goods are shown in great variety, in the shape of ivory, ebony, and sandal-wood carvings. These articles include, workboxes, tea caddies, writing desks, jewel caskets, glove boxes, card cases, and so on. The carving is very delicate, and the patterns effective and handsome, far lighter and prettier than the similar class of goods of Chinese make. In inlaid work there is great variety, including many articles at once useful and beautiful, in this direction may be mentioned p. kind of mosaic work in stone, consisting of plates and fruit dishes of marble or alabaster, with patterns more or less elaborate of coloured stone inlaid. One set of plates with a jasmine pattern, is valued at over £2 each. This inlaid marble work is similar to that which, is so largely employed in the celebrated Indian temple the Taj Mahal, a beautiful model of which, in white marble, is shown in this Court. The carved ebony furniture which was exhibited at the G ardon Palace is also shown here but in great variety. This is placed in the recess or room at the extreme end of the court, known as the "Tea Room," partly because a great variety of samples of Indian tea is here displayed, and partly because every afternoon at 4 o'clock the Commissioners offer to the public who visit this room a cup of Indian tea. There is naturally a tolerably good attendance at that hour, and the tea is handed round by native attendants, in the proper Indian attire. Indian tea differs somewhat in taste from the common China tons sent to Australia ; it is more fragrant, and has more " body " in it, so to speak, and it leaves a pleasant taste in the mouth. , "Whatever prejudice may exist against Indian tea will be soon dissipated by a trial of the article, and if the qualities shown here can be sold on equal terms they will prove formidable rivals to the Chinese teas. On inspecting the samples shown here I notice that the price varies from a shilling to a guinea a pound the latter price being for a scented flowers tea that would only be used for flavouring, and a little of which, I am told, would go a long way. "Through a suggestion of Mr. Inglis, taken up by the Indian Government, a syndicate has been formed in India to supply the Australian colonies with this tea, and already considerable quantities have been sold in Melbourne. I would strongly commend this article to the notice of the Chinnphobia smitten people in Sydney. By encouraging the use of Indian tea they will be promoting the industry of their fellow subjects, and at the same time striking a blow at the detested Mongolian. To describe the moral work in gold, silver, brass, and copper would require a volume. The collection includes goblets, vases, cups, jugs, plates, dishes, and many articles so purely Oriental in their construction that a European cannot even guess at their use. Nor do the names attached to them help you very much, for when you find that a utensil is a climber, a total, a pink dan, or a garden, you are not much wiser than you were before. At the same time you cannot help admir- ing the elegant forms and the beautiful ornamenta- tion of this work. I was particularly struck with the Lucknow inlaid metal work, which is made of a composition of copper, lead, and tin. The articles are first cast in a mould, and afterwards they are turned in a lathe. The designs are then inlaid in gold and silver, and the ground work is darkened with some kind of lacquer to represent bronze, and the effect is rich inthoextiemo. The brass work is perhaps not so much in accord with the European taste, but the silverware, especially the catch work from Bombay, is magnificent. This includes tea sets, vases, bouquet stands, claret jugs, salt-cellars, c, of exquisite designs. Then again there is some very beautiful filagree work brooches, bracelets, ocean great variety. Before leaving this section the fancy wood work of Mainpuii deserves to be noticed. These articles mostly trays, plates, book stands, &q.; would be mistaken by anyone for bronze work in aid very beautifully with gold. In reality the articles are made of wood, with the patterns inlaid in brass wire. I am told that this industry is peculiar to two towns in the north-west provinces-Mainpuii and Pilibhit but that it was dying out for want of encouragement when the matter was taken up by the Department of Agriculture and Commerce. Only one man was found who could turn out really good work, but he was engaged by the department, and apprentices have been placed under him to learn the art. Among the cotton goods shown are twins, sheetings, calicoes, cheeks, &c.;, in the production of which a large amount of capital is engaged. Canvas and jute goods also are shown in abundance There is no reason why these articles should not find a ready sale in Australia, and in return a good trade might be done in our wools, which could be profitably manufactured in a country where labour is so cheap as it is in India, and thus great benefit might be done to both countries. Rope and cordage of all kinds is- here shown, bothhonipen and coir, apparently very strong and well made. One of the most attractive exhibits in the outer Indian Court was a large model of a Brahmin pagoda, very handsomely cat ved but the space allotted to it was unfortunately just beneath one of the low roofs of the 111110X0 and consequently its fine proportions could not be seen to advantage The Indian authorities there upon applied for permission to remove the pagoda to some vacant space outside the building The Melbourne Commisonei, kindly granted the re quest, but as signed to the exhibit a position vary nicely oniontly situ stud and in a decidedly unsavoury levity. The Indians objected to this, and are now 101 tunate enough to have secured a position on the lawn where the pagoda is being erected, and where it will doubtless form in object of much interest in the same direction there are a number of Indian tents displayed, which certainly deserve the notice of Australians, for they are of character that would be highly suitable to our climate, while at the same time they are both elegant and durable, as well is cheap An English periodical states that the phenomenon known to astronomers as the bodies of light is shown by Mr T W Rndhoabo a member of the Royal Asiatic Society, to be identical with the " false dawn," us it is called by the Mussulmans and other Eastern peoples, who have been rather therewith, as with the Milky Way from remote antiquity On the other hand, the bodies of light has not been known in Europe more than about two centuries From the e facts, Mr Redhouse draws a curious con clusion It is clear 1 of says, thirteen forefathers ' could never have come from that central point of Asm so dear to modem Sanskritist«, whence they would fain mile the li j au race to read it that is, from the snowy table-land of Prime behind the Ilimalaj i) the Zodiac as light must have been as well known to the shepherds of that plateau as it is to the wandering tubes of Arabia and Mesopotamia It must always have been on well known to them and once known to a people, such a phenomenon could never be totally forgot- ten in latitudes where it was visible Our Al jan once came not, then, from Pamir as thou i thinking: centre Ethnolo crisis may well weigh this pregnant indication ' 