AN AEOADIAN REVENGE. Br James Payn. 'Dmind npon It, my dear sir, thore is a/ syatem of compensation: I, -for example,' ? oocapy a position in the country beyond my talents,- while you possesB talents that are considerably above what is neoessary— ahem —to a person of your oondition of life.' ' This amazing speech was : addressed to me oonfldentlally, in the smoking-room of our common olub one night, by Mr. Dornoway Dioko, after we had dined together tor the first time. It was late in August ; the club Was empty, and I had invited him to join tables, though I knew him to be an ais, rather than dine alone. The bad man may take a solitary m®al without moral damage, and even to'the pnblio advantage, l since the oustom is unwholoaome, and tends to shorten life; but to the good man it is harmful. His thoughts, ^ constant as the needle to the pole to what is pure and good, are naturally! attracted to : himself,-' and ' his ; benevolent aotions, his exoeUsnt motives, his whole blameless oarttr, pass in review 'before his eyes, and lie becomes ulf-oon*oious and self - oomplacsnt. Rather than run the risk of this, having ordered ntyown modest repast,^ ?I looked, up at DoraowayiDioke, who, with his glaBS painfully fixed in Us eye; was scanning the same limited oarte' for tho day, in doubt (asl gututd) about tho Erenoh dishes,' and observed, 'Shall we dine' to gether?' and ho had replied, courteously, ' Charmed,- 1 am snre.' As a matter of ? fact, Mr. Dornoway- Dloke. was a man not eaii'-jf/r charm ; it was not in Genius (though nre;/j',--*t date I don't think it had ever tried fi0 ?0Abo -, and I believe even Beauty liere( have failed -n the attempt, unless r 7 had a title to back her. - aI( liml (' . Mr. Dloke's w Grtfo/B was for a lord— a .very common one\ty-/iourse, but in his oase unusually pronoutfSod. JjHis conversation 'was studded with titles aB the firmament is with stars ; and he was in respeot to thom what Mr. Carlyle, in relation ? to Bpiritual things, callB 'terribly at ease in Zion' ; that is, he .was shockingly familiar with earls refer to them -by their Ohristian hanieC''''j.,6' say that his views npon all matters were commonplace would have beon flattering to hia intelligence ; they were conventional to sublimity. ' . ' GhoBt stories -foxe absurd,' argues Cole ridge, ' because, y'a^uigh men tell ub they have had euoh j \ Vxperienoe, if a man did really ever Hli he actually believed in be a ghost, t | ,^ftvwonld at onoe Super vene;' but I fiae « %ve that Dornoway Dicke would ha,\i»® ^ ghost without the leaBt injury to lfj(»HJtelleotual powers ; not beoauBe he was -'Jifeady an idiot, but (inde pendently of that) beoauee so unconventional a BUbjeot as the supernatural had never entered his mind. If the ghoBt had a title, then, indeed, an impression might have. been made, but it would . have been prodnaed by his temporal, not his spiritual, lordship. In all matterB whioh exeroise the human mind, from theology to Amerioan bowls, he took not the'faintest interest ; bnt I had been informed — and warned — that upon the subjeot of the dignity and position, ot the Dornoway-Dioke family he could and would be very diffuse if you were not oareful. He was a man, in B.bort, ' to nod to, but not to Bpeak with, unless the meanB .of eaoapo were handy. ' . . Still, lato in August, at a London olub, 'one cannot afford fo be particular, and having such strong moral reasons for not dining alone, I had to dine with Dornoway-Dioke. Thero waa ono circumstance, however, that really did attraot me towards this gentleman, and made nio wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-debated question in tho club whether he wore a wig or not, and I wanted to sdlve'jt. If ho did do so (for even after dinincr with him I was not sure), they were tho best wigs that over wore. I say wigs, because he muBt have had lots of them, for his hair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just aa it ought to bo in the case of a fashionable young gentleman of fifty-four. For there was this disadvantage about the distinguished position of the Dornoway-Dioko family, that, being in the peerage — though it must be confessed in a very remote and 'presumptive' fashion — tho man's ago was known to a nicety. Thore was then this point (as to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised me some little exoitement, and I was also ourioua to know whether bo talked of *' tho Land' as though it were alive, whioh I was assured hd did. My. information upon thisopoint, as it turned out, was correct. The one supreme effort of originality which, Mr. Dornoway-Dioke had made was to per sonify the landed interest in- this peouliar fashion.; . 'What tho Land wants, sir, ho would observe, very slowly and majestically (so that you had plenty of time to suggest to yourself ' top- dressing,' 'coprolites,' and what not) — 'what the Land wants, sir' (ho always repeated this charming phrase), ' is fair play.' - 'Iho Land' wanted so many things in the course of our conversation at dinner that I had begun to think it some what exacting, and indeed to get a little impatient of Mr. Dornoway- Dioko Himself. But I am neveri or at least hardly ever, dis courteous, and though bored to extremity, like a wooden Bbip, exposed to the notion of the Teredo navalii, I endured it -aa though I had been made of irorn I had asked the man to ; dinner, and in one senee had oertainly paid tor' it, so felt oonstrdined by tbe.dnties of hospitality to be oivil till the meal waB over. When it was finished, and we repaired to the smoking-room, I'had no. suoh soruple. ' The Vine,' Bays the olasaio author, ' is the Evoker of Truth,' and this is even still more the case with the Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation at that amazing remark of my oompanion. 'I, for example, ocoupy a position in the oountry beyond my talentB, : while you possess talents that are considerably above what is neoessary— ahem— to a person of your oondition in life,' 'Pray,' said I, 'Mr. Dornoway-Dioke, oonfine your observation to yourself, bb you generally do.- ABto your talents, I have no reason to doubt your own modest estimation of them, but aa to ypur position in the country, I waa not aware that you had any.' I hope this was not ruder. I spoke. in the gentlest tones of which, the human voioe— or at all events my voioe— Is capable, and in a manner .that waa certainly winning, for I 'felt that I had icored. To my aatoniahment, Mr. Dornoway-Dioke remained quite un ruffled ; be oaretully removed the ash from the end of hia cigar with hiB eignet.rlng, and answered, quietly, almost humbly, 'You quite mlstike nie. I said my position la the country , of whioh, as you tell me, you knqw nothing. - You are, not, then, familiar with Mangelwurzelshlre ?' v ? 'I was c«rt*in)y not. I had heard of it, of course, but I felt myself fortunate in not having to spell it., 'Ah? I thought bo,' he continued, blandly. You should come down to Dorno way Court and ^teo' me at-home. Then. you would understand why I don't oftener visit London. In town I: am,, comparatively speaking, 'nobody, but In Mangelwurzelshlre — What do you-say, now, to running down to us for the first week In September 1' ' ? Five minutes before I should havo Baid( ' No ' without the slightest hesitation ; but the outrageous vanity ol the man's mahhei tickled me to tha core.^ I felt ourlouB ta see those natives of Maagelwuraelshln to whom Mr. Dornoway-Dioko appeared to be a person of importano«( and, moreorer, 'I'had not ' jet, discovered whether he ' wore ia ; wig ot not* ' The wont part of a wig,' say a ' tho oH riddle^ ' as of love, is the parting ;'' btit Itr; | Domoway-Dleke's .parting was pMfeot,' aad I so delloato that one would have alaiost.sald I it 'had; been effected bv a f«taale haid, Among the simpler inhabitants of Arcadia ho. might take Jess extreme , precautions to deceive the public ; and h*- certalnly - would not get his hair out, if ont it ever was, joi often, i' I will oomp to. Dornoway, Court, wlth pleasure,' I said ; and on the appointed- : dayl.went. - i 'Important as my host's pesltlei in the oonntry may be, it is n#t say lntention to desnribe ' Mr- Dernoway -Dlcke at homo,' as thongh he were a publio oharaoter.1 Suffieo it to'say' that he was better, at ' kove tkaa abroad (ok. at least, in ^ London) ; amd ss hls family were pleasant peoplo, and hls hoBio f nil, of cheerful company,! did not regret my visit. The ' Court,' aa he loved to oall It,; Was, however, so peculiar that I must say a few words about it. It was the only edifice with which I am acquainted whlek gratified one's sense of humonr. . It was quits ' «piok and-span as!respeota newness, bub built -and furnished ln the medinval style. A gravel-' drive, rolled to^ perfection, led up to a frowning entrance, with a huge oaken portal, in whlek was inserted a little hole barred with ironifor, purposes ot resplal.,; Through, this the porter was supposed, (though ? he. never did it) to take, cognisance of the ap proaching visitor,- and, It poacfcful, to unbar : the massive bolts of the great door to letj him in. Hverythlng in the , house was apparently of the. samo epoch, but in. reality about three ye^ra old. In the dining-room 'was a fireplaM.as big as an ordinary parlour, and before which one would not 'have been surprised to see a pair .of trunk-hose airing,, or a couple of jack- boots. , The sideboard, to the modern -aiicl inartistio eye, resembled a kitchen dresser ; while in the morning-room was a spinning-wheel with the fiix in It, as though the thrifty housewife had, just been j'^elfif Yiie nolii} A- ? Jiuiuwu' \- to issue orders for the entertainment .of , the company invited to the morrow's tournament. These ridionlons objects,- ob I soon dis covered, wfre^psigned to persuade the publio that the Dornoway-Diokes themaclvea were medioival, andl had resided ?: at the ' Court' tor the laBt-sax hundred years. Wbereaa, at a matter of 'fact,' they were new- comers. In the country, even though you are diata tly oonneoted with the peerage, this is a .serious obstaole to 'position,' and the whole of my host's gigantic intellect was concentrated on attaining it. He had beon ' oalled upon' at onoe by every one in the county within a circuit of twenty-five miles, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital 0,'for it waa ' The Duke.' I am not of course speaking of the late Duke of Wellington ; in Msagetwurzelshire, as in every other oonnty, the Duke was the duke who lived there— his Grace of Turniptops,. This divinity was still a young man, unmarried, and not muoh given to oall on anybody; and tor three long; years all the effortB ot the Dorhoway-Dickes had been unavailing to induoe him to honour the ' Court' with hia august presence. Two months ago, however, he had sent his card by a mounted messenger, and one month ago — oh, joy of joys 1— he had acoepted an invitation to a garden party at the house tor one of the very days on whioh I was to remain its guest., It was just after thia graoions promise had been given thatMr.Dornoway-Dickehadmade' hiB appearance at the olub, to make arrange ments with Gunter; and now that I knew the circumstances, I wbb not only not surprised at the' magnifioenoe of hia deportment on that ocoaBion, but astonished that he should have' been eo nifablo as he was. My private impression is that he aaked me down to Dornoway Court not bo much from poi'Bonal affection as to aeoura.-an additional witness to his social triumph ; but that is neither here nor there. The Duke was coming, and the family wore in a Btate of excitoment rare, I should hope, in Hanwell, and not -habitually exhibited even at Broadmoor. The great subjeot ot discussion . among tbem for weeks - hud been, who was to be invited to meet the Duke?- and it was not exhausted yet. Everybody — who was any body — had been asked except the Titbats and the knotty point that could not be settled waa whether theBe people Rhould be aeked or not. Captain and Mro. Titbat were their immediate neighbours ; their lawn tennis grounds were, in faot, contiguous, and :tho two families, though not absolutely on a friendly footing, were well known to one another. Yonng Titbat, when a player waa wanting, had Bometimes even been invited to make up the party at .their favorite amusement ; and when the balls went over the wire fenoe that separated the two domains, the juv.enilo Titbats did not pretend (as Borne young people wonld) that they were loat, but wouldi honestly ohuok them back again. . Still, the Titbats were not among the County Families, nor anything like it. Their effortB— far more desperate than those of the Dornoway-DlokeB — had miserably and utterly tailed in that direotion. It waB not bo much that their mansion was too small to be reokone£, as a country house, tbat their paddook oonld not by any strain of courtesy be oalled a park, or that their orna mental lake wbb an undeniable pond. There, was something amisB — I never oould find out what — about Mrs. Titbat. She waa a woinau — I once btheld'her, and \- under ciroumataneeB I can never forget— of largo proportions and hirBUte«speot (indeed, Bhe had a very respectable beard) ; her complexion was rubicund, and to the un charitable might seem to Indicate that she' Indulged i& liquor, though I never heard that she did so. Whatever was wrong With hor had happened so long ago that it would have been mnoh better and kinder ot her fellow-oreatures to' have forgotten it. But the faot remained that Mrs. Titbat was not ' /'visited,' nor would the Dornowsy-Dlckoa have dreamed of asking her to their garden party except for that contiguity, to whlqh 1 have referred, of their lawn-tennis grounds. The Duke, it was known, was devoted to the gam«; and' if the two grounds could be thrown iuto one, it was felt by all the family that It would have been an immansa improvement. - This could soarcely be -done, however, without , asking Mrs. ..Titbat's permission, and,; also .the pleasure of het company ; and upon the whole it was judged cbest to leave matters aa they were. The wire fencing between tho two lawns was 'so very slight that they really looked to be one and the same, rand as there was plenty of ground for the Duke to play upon, he would probably never disoover that both the lawns did not belong to Dornoway Court. In the coarse of the intimacy that existed between the junior members of the two families, the young Dornoway-Diekes, with a frankness oharaoterlatlo of their age, had told the young Titb&tB; that the -Dake was coming on Friday to play lawn tenniB, but that none but tip-top (not Titbat) people were to be asked to meet him; nor was even this tke worst, for it bad oertainly been hinted by elder memberB of the family, in view of tho suggested amalgamation .of . the tennis grounds, that Buoh good neighbours as Captain and MrB. : Titbat would oertainly bo inoluded in tho invitation list. To explain what follows I must add that Mrs. Titbat herself was thinly persuaded that she would fca among. tha guoats, and was traniported ; with tho idea ot it ; t«r the being asked ' to I meet the Duke of TnrniptopB'!.(BB was Btatsa .. on tho cards) was, in MangelwurzelBhiro lika, , v j being pr«i«nted at court, add at onoe both t whitewashed and [giliei the invited. Ono has hoard of iho Jra of tho tigress when rokkid of' her yonng, bnt what is. that whon j ?ompared with the stato ol mind of a lady i of burnished, reputation who had porsnaasd _ j hersolf that it wUl'he rehabilitated, and that ... .,i in the most splendid fashion, and then , ,.:.l suddenly flnds that she .has been given tho iold shonlder i' 1 Mrs. Titbat had aotually | Ordered ' a drsxs from London In whiah t® ? , appear before Ms Grace of Tumiptopi, and ' tho sight of it, as it hung nselois in her« I wardrobe, envenomed - her whole being, a- ; thongh sho had worn it, and it had been tho . ; ; i garment of Neisns. ?' 1 \- Sho olutohed tho skirts of Hqpo to the very last, bnt when Friday morning Kkived, . . ., . . j and no invitation had come, it tied fro* ?, her ionl, and, waa replaced by tho desiro , for vsngoanco. If - tho Dornoway-Diekes | oould hut havo known what was passing \ in that injured lady'a mind, thoy might . have been reminded of those warning lines - ( 'lest wtea'onr latest kopo Is fled, y« taSto of our ,,, j AadlJluralir proot in some wild hour kewmaei . . . , ' . tlia wrotoMd dare,' ... ?' . . , .' *, or even if that quotation had not ocounred . :1 to thom; I am quite euro thoy would havo aaked her to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. - , . : The guests arrived, and ia due course H-that is to say, exceedingly later-the ; Duke. . The meeting of hia Grace and;my . host.: and hoetesB was positively affeoting. I thougil: Mr. Dornoway-Dioke would, i haver leave off shaking his hand,. and that, his wifo would ibave. kissed it. However, . ho got away at iast to luncheon. About . - twohnndred people sat dpwn to it, a select , twenty on mediseval chairs, and the;reat on mtiok moro comfortable but common ones. i A dozen of the last.had been honowed, : days ago, by the housekeeper, without h(5* j mistress's knowledge, from the Titbats\ .- j Thn kosfc onioved himself aa most tieoplo - .j do under aimilar ciroumBtances; thatjB^to , bu^'buoyed^np^yffiVteougi^TinBbiuiiy^-- - allj.-be over presently, and he would have , ' bis friend the Duke of TurniptopB' to talk abont for the rest, of his natural life.,2 ? After lunoheon we all repaired to the lawn- , tennis ground. . ' ' What a oapital lawn you have l'' -obaerved : . the Doke, and what a good plan that is ol . .dividing your ground !' . . _. He was referring, of oourse, to the iron (enoing. ' It was a plan of my wife's,' observed . v Mr. Domoway-Dioke ; ;for,'BB the other lawn was vaoant, there was really no need, to - intimate tbat it. belonged' to somebody else. A gilt youth of .the oounty and one ol -its gilt yonng ladies were seleoted for one 'side, and his Graoo snd MiiB Doraoway-Dioke for the other. The rest of the company stood round in attitudes of rCBpeotful admiration. Tbey were just about to begin when the Doke observed, ' Hullo ! what tho deuce is tbiB ?' , The exelamation was caused by the appear- . ^iioe of Mrs. Titbat, Bplendidly attired, and ' followed by all her maid-servants; some of them carried baaketB.' of linen, and others lines and olotheB-props. ' In the oourse of a few minutes the whole of the Titbat family linen was hanging on the line ; Bome of the articles were very pronounced in shape, and became muoh more no vfben inflated by the breene, whioh alao (as they were purposely hnng oloae to the wire fencing) carried their ' graoefal folds right over the Duke's head. The gamo' was begun, but presently an immense petticoat broke loose, and after eddying doubtfully for a' few moments, settled upon theDuke himself, who emerged from it with difficulty, and with a frig tful ? exeeration. He threw dewn hie racket, ? and paid something I could not catch ; indeed, I find into a neighbouring arbour and gave myself up to Buoh paroxisms of mirth 'as almost, threatened me with - dia- aolution. - . '' I was conscious of great excitement among the company without, and hoard what sounded like the hurried departure ' of some of them, but I was positively incapable of ascertaining what was going on. The vision of q^l Hangelwureelshire's noblest as they stood around that fatal' plaoe, and pretended to ignore the fact : that the vary firmament ,wa3 darkened .. abovo them by the Titbat family linen; j! and then the speotaole of that pettiooat de* soending upon hj« Grace's brow, and of j himself emerging from it, was always too i much , for me. I sat in tho arbour and fairly wept. Presently, after several „ ' . , i severe relapses, I became conscious of a i companion. : , Beside - me sat a littlo man, bald as a | knob on the centro of a front door,- and swearing softly, and as it were thought fully, to himself. It waB only by his voice - that I recognised Mr. Dornoway- Dioke. ' My dear Dicke,' I murmured, for I felt it necessary to say. something, 'why ; are you hore P why are you not entertain- i ing''—I did not venture to mention the Duke — 'your guests?' i 'He's gone, he said. It was plain he waa only thinking of one of them. ' It was all on account of that infernal Mrs. Titbat.. It's her own petticoat ; it's marked with an M and a T.' I nodded, and held out my hand as though to entroat him to spare himself the recital of the oatastrophe. I felt ready to expire. ' But aro all tho rest of {ho people crone P' I murmured. 'What do I care P Yes. No. .What a terrible day.' But, my dear Dioke,' I said; beginning ; . Binoerely to pity him,.' it will never do for you to stop- here; you muBt nob desbrt your - friends.' ? ' No, that's true,' ho answored, rising feebly and moving towards the house. . . . But you have forgotten something.' : ? 'Have IP i What P' Oh yes, my wig.'-' It lay on the floor of tho arbour where he i had flung it in his frenzy. Ho stooped and : i -put it on mechanically and hind before. - This I ventured to remedy, and hia thanked mo in feeling tones. 'Do you think he will . over -tsome againP' ho whispered, .; eagerly. 'He was very angry! He thought they were our own clothes hung out' to dry. I showed him the M. and the T. But. ho would pay no attention. : It ia a dreadful blow.' And it really hurt poor Dornoway-Dioko exceedingly. Ho had not. riaon -the next ; morning when I came up to town, and all tho family wore very much oppressed, as though thoro .'had been n doath in the house. Ho has been to tho club once since, in a more beautiful wig than over, but of course it can never deceive mo. I asked, ' How are all at home P' - 'ifotty well, I thank you,'!,, ho paid; ? ' ' that is, as well as can bo expeoted. Ho has nover been near the place sinoo.' - Of oourse I know that by the personal pronoun ho meant 'the Dnko.' A sisTiMotnsBin and long-winded Paria ' 'lawyer lately defended a oriminal uiibuooobb fully, and at the end of the trial the judge received tlio following note: ' The' prisoner humbly prays that the time oooupicd by the Elea ot the oounoil for the detenoe be counted i tjie inentenoe.' 