MONDAY, NOVEMBER 1. Before the police-magistrate. John O'Neil, charged with being drunk and disorderly, pleaded not guilty. He was further charged with using obscene language and also pleaded not guilty. Fined 40/- or go to jail for seven days for each offence. The fines were not paid. William Hart was charged on suspicion with being of unsound mind. After hearing evidence, defendant was remanded till Monday next for medical treatmunt. Lindsay and George Osborne, two lade about sixteen and eighteen years of age, were charged with stealing cloth from L. Mandelshon. Mr. Betts appeared for the defendants. Constable Wheally deposed: At one o'clock this morning I apprehended the prisoners at the railway station; a few minutes before one o'clock I went there and saw the prisoners; Lindsay had the bag produced in his possession; in the bag I found a piece of tweed, which was damp; I said, "whose property in this? " l said, " mine; I bought it off a man who was selling it in the street;" I then charged him stealing it from Mr. L. Mandelshon on Friday night or Saturday morning; he replied, " very well ;" I said to George, "I apprehend you also as being accessory to the robbery." Louis Mandelshon deposed: Lindsay Osborne has been apprentice with me for six years; since I came back he has to make up two years; he has been in my employment since March last, when I returned; on Saturday morning last I missed seven yards of cloth from a case in which I generally shrink cloth; the cloth produced is the piece re ferred to; it is West of England tweed and cost me 5/6 n yard; my brother and the prisoner Lindsay worked on Friday night. up to one o'clock; I gave the prisoner no authority to take the cloth or to go Sydney. To Mr. Betts: The case in which the cloth was is in the yard, and any one can get into the yard by climbing the fence; when Lindsay left his work he had to climb the fence to get away; there is a gate to the yard, but it was locked that night. Harris Mandelshon deposed : I live with my brother; on Friday the prisoner was working with me until half-past one o'clock on Saturday morning; Lindsay went home the back way, and had to climb the fence; he would have to pass the case in which we shrink all our cloth; when the tweed was put into the water the prisoner saw it and said, "here comes another job;" when Lindsay heard that the cloth was missing he said, "it must be a tailor who took it;" I saw Lindsay about seven o'clock last night; about eleven o'clock we heard a noise in the yard; it seemed as if some one shut down the lid of box; a dog barked, and we did not go out, as we were afraid; the prisoner heard the noise and said, "some one must be in the yard;" I was frightened to go out because the prisoner and I had been talk ing all night about murders, thieves, and ghosts. To Mr. Betts: The prisoner told me something about going to Sydney, and when I saw him last (on Sunday last) he had the bag with him; he spoke to me about eight days ago about going to Sydney; I saw him pass the case in which the cloth was, but I did not see him get over the fence. Mr. Betts held that there was no case against the prisoner Sydney Osborne, and asked for his discharge. The police-magistrate agreed with Mr. Betts, and discharged the prisoner Sydney Osborne. Lindsay Osborne was found guilty of larceny and sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour. A hawker's license was granted to Mr. James Day. James Cavanah and George Wiles on remand were charged with stealing a £10-note. Mr. Betts appeared for the defendants. After hearing the evidence of Mrs. Dickson of the Pelican Inn, Tirranna, the prisoners were discharged. 