The Psychological Experiences of a Victorian Miner. By N. Walter. Swan. ( Written for the Queenslander.) Behind the ranges to the west of Ararat there is a long line of scattered diggings running nearly north and south. In the old days, when "an ounce to the tub was considered the proper average to be obtained from wash worthy the attention of the miner, the gullies and ravines which radiated from the sierra seemed for a brief season to be instinct with life. The hillside was spangled at nights with fiery stars, and in the day were to be seen white tents nestling on > ridges and undulations like a flock of bottled birds. Maybe a pistol report stung the dark ness, and in the sunrise a crowd swayed around 30tno stark body till the vigilance committee made enquiry. It was a short, fast, and furious . time before the tents took flight and the darkness lay there again punctured by the camp fires or the singing warning of a shot. But, short as was the rush, it left behind it the torn range all stabbed and stabbed, corrugated with colored clay or wanted with heaps of gravel. A long time elapsed before life returned to the spot. It lay there ghastly enough for a year or two till the spring began to mantle it and cover its bleakness with tender green there bushes sprang up, and the sun that once fell hotly on bleached stones and barrenness glanced joyously among the leaves where the birds came back and rested. Ten years ago it had fairly revived, and offered as pretty an aspect to the setting sun as any retreat that could be chosen. The vegetation had recovered it and triumphed, but the locality had not passed its tribulation. There were then a few lonely bark tones that daily gave forth the slender columns of smoke and told where lived those who seemed to have been left stranded by the ebbing wave of life. There were men who' managed to scrape together a few pennyweights every week, whose wildest hope anticipated the possibility of finding a nugget in some unworked pillar of earth, and whom serene content visited if the fortunes of the week gave a prospect of beer and cards on the Saturday night. There was one amongst them known as The Hatter," who lived and worked alone on the hillside. He was a tall reserved man with a studious face wearing that look of repose and thought which generally speaking the occupation of mining effectually destroys. Miners who work alone gather a sad communing air that comes I suppose of the deferred hope and pennyweight done some old lead bestows that is as tattered and battered as themselves ; or it gives an air of vagrant and unsettled speculation that drives them to prospecting erratic trials of likely places and fretful suspicion of storekeepers' hills. James Brown is not the name of the miner to whom I especially allude, but for my purpose it will suit as well as his own. It used to be said of Brown that the candle was lighted behind the bark sheets of his hut far into the night, and that his spare time was devoted to reading. This statement was coined by me in a rather unexpected way. On one of those gray evenings when the wind comes up ruffling the mist and carries fragments of clouds swiftly along the sky, the beaten track I was on seemed to grow faint and grassy in the twilight, and the contour of the range disappeared in the clouds and the darkness. I was in the locality of the old rush where were dangerous holes patting the ground is every direction. Some of the white banks that marked the mouths had disappeared, and others peeped through the half-twilight haH night hiding and flitting as I passed. There was one sign of settlement near in a gleam of candle- light that came through leaves and cast a small ray over grass and gravel. A strong voice replied in answer to mine, and I found myself in the hut of James Brown. On the boarded table there was an open book which I found to be Reichenbach's " Odic Force." Owen's " Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World" and several of the standard works on spiritualism-if there is such a thing as standard works on the subject were packed upon a book shelf near. " I have lost my way, Mr. Brown ; can you direct me to Ararat to " I see you have," he answered smiling in a a half contemptuous way. " You visit me because you are lost, I cannot well describe the route but I will walk to the township with you ; the ways about here are dangerous." I made faint objection, to which he did not listen. He was soon standing waiting with his bottle lamp burning. " Come, sir," in a kind of reply ; " I like walk- ing at night ; I wish to purchase some articles in the town, and you do not inconvenience me." We walked in almost unbroken silence till the last hill was reached, and we could see the street lights burning dimly below us. Brown then spoke as men do who have been brooding over what they are going to say. "I understand that you and some others have been engaged in investigating what is called spiritualism. May Iaakwhat has been the result !" " There has been no result." " Have you seen phenomena you cannot explain ?" " We have." He laughed in the darkness above his lamp. " You mean that, being afraid of giving these phenomena a place in your belief, you reject them. Science doesn't agree with them, and you are afraid of being classed with the weak-minded ?" " I do not deny that there is a good deal of truth in what you say," I answered. "I am afraid of giving these phenomena a place in my belief till they are sifted and searched by abler observers than I can pretend to be. Spiritualism now claims a large number of weak-minded fanatics with whom I should most decidedly dislike to be classed. Even the latter consideration is an excellent safeguard against rashness." "Do you then object to publish your own private belief concerning the origin of the phenomena you have witnessed ?" " At present, yes." " I see. It is not fashionable yet. I commend your presence." After a pause he held before me a small packet of paper. " Here, sir, is an experience of mine roughly written. You are welcome to read it and to use the circumstances there related if it so please you. I am about leaving this district, and will call at your office for the papers in about three weeks." From what I could see of him behind the lamp I thought he gave me a courteous and solemn good-night. A fortnight thereafter James Brown lay in the hospital, his spine broken by a fall of earth. In three weeks he had indeed left the district for rest in the quiet burial ground with its trees and its silence and its shadows. I have perused and used some of those papers since then, but the writing was so difficult to read that it required both patience and perseverance to shape them into story form, and to this I attribute the reason they have lain in my possession for some years past, not only unheeded but forgotten. An article " Concerning Ghosts" in the Queenslander of June 5 not only revived my interest in the subject but caused me to search, for the forgotten manuscript. "Thickthorn" takes one view, and James Brown, the lonely digger (as would be think natural considering his avocation takes the other. For my part I offer no opinion. I have read, I think, almost everything that has been written on the subject except some of the American trash (which strangely enough has found favor and credence with not a few and the conclusion seems to me to be more difficult to arrive at now than it has ever been at any previous stage of the discussion, On the story with which I present you I make no coin meat. The whole of its history, so far as I can remember, I have just related. N. Walter Swan. Stawell, Victoria, June, 1889. THE STORY. I think it is nine 3 years ago this November when snow and sleet fell on the country. I remember how the trees were tossed by bitter gusts and the hard leaves rasped the bark and rustled against the spray. The clatter of hail on the foliage, the planting of the branches, and the rushing of the wind made the day that is in my mind but a poor one for the miner, whose only screen was canvas. My mate and I were working in what was once a green spot. We had scarred and slashed it with spade and pick till it begin to look like a dragged face the face of something or someone that had been tortured and defiled under that potent excuse for all torture and defilement-gold. Before me was the sallow earth and the white quarts peopling it here and there like leper scales. The rank grass was wisped into drowsiness by the constant wind and retired with the earth we had thrown around it. We had stopped work for the day partly from necessity and partly in a kind 1 of ironical observance of some holliday the name of which I forget. My mate had left me to purchase a bottle of brandy at a tottering huddle of bark called a store ; it was an eye- sore to the rugged landscape and the wild flowers that came and went. The thing seemed to beer at one from its bulging gable and flap its sheets at the beaten track. It was there squatted after the fashion of a deformed beggar to wait for travellers up and down the road. I called it " the spider's web," but my mate laughed and purchased alcohol and headaches in it, and worshipped at its shrine for days together. On this particular morning I was alone watch- ing the showers and looking blankly at the day. Opposite me was a smooth hill as fresh-looking and unsullied as a wild animal up to where it cut the sky with hazardous boulders. The mists were writhing between them and blurring their outlines into odd shapes. I had never been at the top, but the thought had somehow come to me that there was no Ufa beyond. I may have pictured to myself a dead morass bearded with weeds, perhaps a bald plain stretching out in weary sameness to some distant belt of timber ; or I may have dreamed that past the gap a sea of trees was Spread with low whisker to where they seemed blue and dim with distance. No path led past the jaws of the hill which were to me a barrier to the mysterious place sacred and silent with buried secrets. is I said, the mist was flitting in and out between the stones, sometimes covering and sometimes baring their dripping faces to the sleet. In one of the guests the mark was whisked away, showing something moving in the pass, and the first thought I had was that life of some sort was beyond. When the tatters of clouds were borne off there was a new object beside the sharp rocks and the fresh green-an object that approached me, and that I found to be a strange frayed looking man wrapped in rusted clothes. He had what looked like an aimless plod, and the possession of but one instinctive feeling to move Patiently stumbling but never ceasing, he brushed down through the wet grass and heather without once, so far as I could see, looking from beneath the limp hat. brim drooping round his face and dripping off his breast and shoulders. Cautiously over a rivulet, and his pace was resumed ; then onward as if passing the tent, till his gurgling steps grew distinct and gave me a feeling of companionship. Either he had not seen or he wished to avoid the place, for he Slowly moved past without a sign. I was so interested in the picture that I did not move. There was a lean hand holding a knotted stick and glistening with a constant drip from the worn sleeve. Below the fall of the hat-brim I could see a white beard down upon his breast charged with rain. There was something so peculiar in this walking automaton that for a time I experienced a feeling of fear. Then I hailed the mail nervously. There was a stagger in his hat as he stood and looked slowly round, making nearly a circuit of the prospect before catching sight of me. Then the whole expression of his figure and face changed to one of eager less, while he hurried to where I stood as with some important question. " Which is the nearest way to Elderton ? Where is Elderton? can you tell me ?" " You are thirty miles from it, and you are going in the wrong direction." "Don't say thirty uiUcb," he entreated hurriedly, as if my not repeating the distance would decrease it. " Elderton lies between the peaks of you two ranges to your left. You have an impossible road before you. The creeks are all up." " Does It ?" in reply to my first statement. " Don't say thirty." " It is impossible you can reach the place to day. Where have you come from ?" "George." " Who is George ?" " My son, the old man replied, looking at me in a surprised way. In the hail we stood speaking thus. At intervals the blast dashed against the traveller's worn face, blinding the mild eyes, as he spoke in a settled melancholy way that indicated misfortune. " George is my son. I left him there," turning round deliberately to point his uncouth Stick between the granite teeth of the hill behind. Still regardless of the hail he paused, waiting for an answer. Without well knowing what to say in reply, I asked, " Is he well ?" "Yes, well and buried-I mean dead and buried. I took him from his mother, too, to go with me on my rounds. I am a hawker, sir. I took him for his health's sake, and he was getting better he said. The last evening he sat on the dray he told me how pleased he was to see the red sun going away behind the blue hills, and to see how beautiful were the rivers and the flowers, and he wished his mother was with him that she might see them all. That was the last evening. Just as the darkness came he said Our Father who art in heaven,' and asked me to put him to bed. He partly frightened me, he was so quiet and thoughtful and I thought (it was a natural thought for me, I suppose) he looked so handsome. I lay down beside him, for there is nothing to do in the darkness of the bush, and I thought he slept. But he felt for my old face and kissed it. He lay quiet after that with his arms round my neck till I awoke, and then I found them cold. His mother lives at Elderton, thirty miles away. How am I to reach it, and how am I to tell her and show her the grave and keep the sorrow from her ?" There was little doubt in my mind the stranger's reason was unhinged. . His voice was broken and his tears mingled with the rain on his face as he told the story over-not in the least appearing to speak to me, but far past me to the waiting mother. It was inexpressibly painful to watch the anxious expression with which he waited for a reply, and the mild face longing after the far-away response. After a pause he spoke again : " I made the coffin myself, 4ft, and laid it under a wattle where he said a few days before he would like to sleep." The man had turned and was continuing his journey, when I interrupted : " That is not the way to Elderton." He looked at me for a moment, evidently trying to recollect himself ; then he turned slowly and wearily in the direction I had pointed out with a faint good-bye. " Come into the tent and get something to eat, and dry yourself. Stay with me till morning and start fresh for Elderton." "That's better," he returned in a more cheerful tone as he took hold of my hand without showing that he recognised me or that he was quite aware of his position. "Yes, that's better ; we will rest till morning." When the old man entered the tent, furnished with its couple of stretchers and its soil fire- place, he sat down with the same listlessness he had shown from the beginning. I could not prevail on him to eat, and he appeared, when I spoke, to call himself back from a contemplation that was distant. Although at times his eyes rested on my face I could see they were looking beyond me and out from the little tons as beyond the hill that bounded our view. It was not long till the day fell and the summer hky with its summer heat bade fair to return. I felt averse to speaking when I found my voice always " brought back my guest with something like a struggle. The thin fingers fumbled with the head of the knotted stick ; otherwise he was still while speaking few words I could not understand. With the shadows his face got dimmer and darker till I could only see his figure, and yet it seemed as if his eyes and beard came nearer in the twilight. I freely own I was getting nervous and uneasy as the darkness grew. I knew from experience my mate's absence might be prolonged for days. The summer warmth and still- ness were returning. The night sounds were in all directions, but they seemed to have quitted the spot where we were leaving the place on island of silence surrounded by calls and sounds. in the marsh with the drum throbs and in trees the night calls ; everything seemed far away but the blackness and the muttering old man. I was giving way to fear, which I wrestled with by building up the fire and getting the traveller to bed. He was hot enough with the fire of fever when I pressed him gently down on the meagre stretcher and pulled the opossum skin above him. I sat quietly smoking till the file went down again, while watching the stranger's far-away eyes, the flickering of his pleasant smiles, and listening to his babble of talk. After getting to bed, I could not tell, as story writers would say, how long I slept. I awoke as a man does who ordinal fly passes from healthy sleep to healthy wakefulness, What I am now going to relate will not be believed by most, if by any who read this, and I confess if I read it as the experience of another, and unsupported by the experiences I am about to describe, I also should take first rank amongst the sceptical. I have described my waking as a healthful one. I was not suddenly startled ; I was not brought back to daisies by dream or nightmare ; but in my usual way I became conscious. Although there was talk rugs and whisperings plainly enough upon the silence, yet I had forgotten for a time who the occupant of the bed was till the memory of the old man grow upon my mind just as I had been him in the mist and rain of the morning, and again when getting him to sleep, I became quietly sensible of the whole situation. While the facts were placing themselves before me in the order of their occurrence I became aware of another and a distant fooling-that of ii coldness or slight chilliness around me Uko breath- ings. This might have occurred from an aperture in, the tent, but the breathing, if I may so call it, was too intangible for that, and it carried to my mind an impression of a third party being present. The dark night outside was unchanged and still seemed strangely silent. Had a star been up, had there been a break even in the fall of cloud, the thin calico would not have hidden it. I could see absolutely nothing except the bed on which the old man was lying and yet seeing is scarcely -the word. I saw, or rather " knew," through a kind of gray light that appeared to vibrate with the almost intangible breath I have mentioned. Everything was fairly distinct, but I could not catch any minor details. The light or the perception or whatever it was (fancy it was not put impressions upon my mind which were distinct whether I opened or closed my eyes ; I saw the gray picture as well in the darkness is one might see a view in moonlight, only the light instead of being clear and steady was opaque and shadowy. The wanderer was sitting upon the side of his bed in his old crimean shirt looking down, with content and happiness in her eyes, upon a boy of some eight or nine years of age. The latter was there and as plainly before me as the old man. The father's thin hands (I remember recognising their shape and peculiar ity) were clasping the boy's head. He seemed to be holding the face up and he was speaking down to it. They were speaking-the dead son and the bereaved father. I heard them not as one hears in ordinary conversation, yet, with the knowledge that I shall not be believed, I repeat I heard them. If I were asked Aow I heard them, I could no more explain than I could how it was I saw them, The words used did not reach me in ordinary sound any more than what I saw reached me in the ordinary way, but most certainly shadowy parts of that shadowy conversation between the shadowy speakers gathered upon my understand- ing without detail, just as the forms I saw (and in the same degree were without distinctness of detail. If I were placed upon my oath in the hard practical examination of a court of law, and were asked under the solemnity of such a pledge whether I heard on that night in October the father and son talking, I should answer "No." If I were asked whether I saw them talking I should say "No." But, under the bond of the oath to tell the whole truth, I should neverthe- less Bay, " Father and son were there, and they talked together, and I was aware of their presence, and of a part of their conversation." If, again, I were asked how I knew I should become ) pelled to give the apparently absurd answer, " I cannot tell." Yet I know it as I know that yesterday was I know it, and I remember it with greater distinctness than I do any action of my past life. I was quiet and observant. I sat up and understood all this. I recall it to my recollection by many aids, one of which was the silence outside already alluded to. I fully felt the dual capacity of the mind ; my whole attention was occupied by the father and his dead son, and yet my attention was given to the silence of the night. The ticks of my big silver watch, too, throbbed through the intense stillness, making it yet more intense, while its bents seemed charged with the words " Father and son, " Father and Son." This was said for one thing : " You will come to-night, father ?" The father : " But the change, George ! the change to death and rest and your mother will be alone and broken-hearted." More was said of a like nature, conveying allusions I did not understand. I forgot to mention earlier that the old man during this time appeared to have only a part of the 'possum rug wrapped round his feet, and the boy I thought got him to lie down, when the figures blurred and died out, and all was dark. To one with a temperament such as mine, one of the most unfathomable phases of the experience is that I was not frightened. After a slight feeling of nervousness at first, fear left me, and I experienced instead a calm desire to closely observe all that was presented to me. I lay back quietly to sleep with the feeling uppermost that I should test the truth of what I had witnessed by the position of the old man and of the rug in the morning for the last I saw, or rather knew, was the wanderer lying with the covering partly upon his legs and partly on the floor, and his face turned full towards me dead. I awoke in the morning at, I think, my usual hour, and for a minute the experiences of the night were forgotten. When the remembrance flashed upon me as the memory of a dream would, I turned hurriedly round with a start of pure fear, to see the old man in the position I have described, and-dead. I cannot hope to convey to those who may peruse this how vividly the circumstances above described were all uncurtained to my mind, and this before I looked at the occupant of the stretcher opposite. There was the worn old pilgrim distinct enough in every detail now It might have been but my imagination (and I am prepared to learn that all will be attributed to that cause), but I saw, in a way that fully satisfied me, the perfect semblance to the form and attitude I had observed during the night. The face looked very calm, and the white hair was decently arranged, All this I noted with some trepidation, but it passed off as the experiences of the night remained. I find it difficult to explain the feeling with which I came to regard the body. That dread of being alone in the wilderness with the dead which I should certainly have felt at any other time was gone. I regarded the remains as those of one who had gone to greater happiness, where indeed there is such a realm as " the golden shore ;" and so the noble white face, the venerable white hair, the thin white hands, and the attenuated figure were all nothing that frightened me in the very least. The broad sun rode up with the day smashed and glare" towards brazen heat while ruling lines among the trees and scattering quaint shadows from the rocks of the hill-side, I never regarded death before as a mere change ; this time I did so regard it, while the peaceful face prompted me to cover its sacred repose until the time came when it would be finally covered, My mate and I buried the old man up among the rocks below a gray mammoth I headstone of granite that would last for ages, as it had weathered the bleach and heat and stain of centuries gone. Three months after the death we were leaving for another place : the tent was down, and our household gods, from camp-oven to slush lamp, were packed away upon the dray. We were bidding good-bye to the gully we had torn and wounded but to repeat the same operation on the smooth face of some other nook. Before leaving I sauntered up to the grave as a kind of duty I owed to the dead man who had been my guest. The spot had not been disturbed, and the wild grass was green on the raised earth, I looked on the grave with a feeling of wonder as to the night when the man died, and with a strong confidence in that future that is " beyond the river." While considering as to the advisability of making some mark that would identify the stone again, an echo struck it and died, and a low confused rumble crept up thereafter, grow- ing in distinctness. Recognising, after waiting and listening, that the noise proceeded from a travelling cart, I turned in the direction and saw a frail dray crawling up the mouth of the valley where we had struck our tent. Company was something at that time and in such a place, and I hurried back for such news as I might possibly learn. The cart had stopped where the tent had been standing, and my mate was speaking to one of the two occupants, who was a woman. They seemed to be speaking about me as I walked down, for my mate pointed in my direction, and the woman came on to meet me ; then she waited, and watched me with strange curiosity as I approached. Hers was a singular face ; it was gray and firm ; it was also strong and resigned, seeming to have felt the trials and storms that wrote the lines and wrought the peace that were there. I nodded as I came up, but her keen glance did not at first change, Suddenly she smiled as if satisfied-a quiet superior smile that I thought was very winning. " You are G-H-," not in the form of a question, but in the tone of an affirmation. "I am," I answered, somewhat startled ; "how do you know me ?" Still with a half smile : " I know you well and I have to thank you the blight quick eyes becoming moist and the voice troubled for your kindness to the old gentleman who nearly wandered past your tent on the 14th of last November he whom you asked in from the rain, and gave shelter and rest to-he whose soul you saw that night waiting to take him home. to whom you kindly and thoughtfully buried, and chose for his headstone a great gray rock." All this, I solemnly assert, was uttered quietly and steadily but for the tremor of the voice. I had not spoken from the time she first spoke ยก nor had she, as I afterwards learned, made the most distant allusion to the grave or its occupant when speaking to my mate. There she was, apparently " telling me all that ever I did." I am free to confess that I think it possible, but for this last corroboration of what I saw or felt on the October night, to have looked back through a lapse of years and most of argument, and persuaded myself into a conviction that I imagined or dreamed what I have related. I never thought of the wonder of the thing ; I do not think of it now ; but only that my rest and trust in a future state which I used to doubt are firmly stayed, and here I think it precious. She wished to see the grave, she said brightly, as one duty she had to perform before she left. " Shall I show it you ?" Rather earnestly : " No, sir, thank you ; it is my wish to go alone. I purpose remaining here to-night ; we have provisions and early in the morning we return to Elderton." " Can you find the place !" There was a smile on her grand gray face as she held out her hand. " Good-bye. You heard them speaking I was told. I am left alone, and it is lonely without them ; I am putting my house in order." 