The estimated population of the colony of New South Wales on ? the 30th of June was 750,700. . ? Four hundred tickets for the one-guinea course were taken for ? Mr. Proctor's lectures at Sydney. ? The offices of the staff of the Melbourne Exhibition were, on ? AuguBt 14, transferred from the Custom- houBe to Carl ton-gardens. ? Mr. F. L. Smyth has been appointed a temporary judge of I County CourtB in Victoria. ? An aboriginal named Johnny Campbell was executed in Brisbane gaol, on August 16, for rape. A cooper named John Jolip Collier, aged 54 years, was found H drowned in the Saltwater River, near Melbourne, on August 14. ? The epidemic of measles is very widespread in Melbourne and H suburbs at the present time, and several deaths have occurred. ? C. F. Burdett and Joseph Norrie were committed for trial at IJ Sydney on August 13 charged with administering a noxiouB drug ? to a woman named New by. ? A nugget 4jlb. weight has been found by Mr. Thog. Boan H while road-muking on the line of the Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla, ? Victoria. H An attempt was made on August 13 to forcibly enter the branch ? bank of Adelaide, at Morgan, South Australia, but failed. Three ?? men have been arrested on suspicion. ^M A movement iB on foot for starting an agricultural bank in ^1 Adelaide, and the leading agriculturists are interesting themselves ?? in it. H| A sugar-growing company at Itockhampton has been floated, ?? and 4,000 shares subacribed. A permanent board of nine ?? directors has been chosen. ^B The Geelong and Western District Fish Acclimatising Society ?? have made arrangements to receive 12,000 ova this season from BM the Derwent and Plenty Rivers, Tasmania. mm A woman named MrB. Hunter was found drowned in a tank at Hj Lambton. N.S.W., tho other day. She waB clothed only in a ?? nightdress. HB His Excellency the Governor returned to town on August ?? 18, after spending two days at the reaidence of Mr. Molesworth ?? Greene, at Greystanes, Bacchus Marsh. |H Mr. Dougharty was elected to the vacancy in the repreaenta- ?? tion of the Eastern Province in the Legislative Council of Victoria H| by a majority of 89 over his opponent, Mr. Sharpe. BB A youth named Walter Nolan, while out opoasum shooting at B| Concord, New South Wales, the other night, was shot by a BH companion named Dalton, and died shortly afterwards. MB A youth named William Werry ha8 been committed to take M| his trial on tho charge of committing a capital offence on a woman HJ aired G2 years at Queenacliff. flB A member of the South Australian Parliament named Mr. Hi Hush Fraser recovered a verdict for £25 against Mr. A. 0. MB Murray, as payment for compoaing an election song. Mf The South Auatralian Government have received a telegram MB from the Northern Territory stating that Wandy Wandy, tno HOE native who murdered Mr. Wingfield, on Croker Island, hi bhj December lust, haa been captured. mm Miss North, n well-known painter of botanical aubjects, arrived Ha at Brisbane recently by the Normanby Bteamcr, and will re'min. in Iffi Queensland two or three monthB painting native treeB. She alter- ||g wards proceeds to Sydney overland vid Tenterfield. ||| The Great Northern Railway, South Australia, will bo laid .to MA Ediowie, 100 miles beyond Port Auguata, before tho end ot tlio mm month. Tenders for a lino from Orroroo to Quorn are to »e ||| received on September G. lj§ A complimentary addreas haa been presented to Mr. C. H. Mm Nicolson, aBsiatant-coimniasioner of police, from a number 01 ggjj prominent residents of tho Benalla dintrict, m recognition ot nit* Stag exertions towards the capture of the Kelly band of bushrangers. g|j Reliable information haa been received that gold in liirtfO W~ rjuantitiea iim been discovered at Thougla Creek, Upper Murray. M^/ It is reported that one party of men struck gold which has lor |fjj, the past few weeks yielded £10 per week per man. A small ruslv ^ is rapidly setting in for tho place. A large number diaaatiBtieci $fo with the Temora ruBh aro also making their way tboro. j$S Mb. A. J. Soott, who has been hon. secretary of the Richmom School of Design for four years, was presented the other day with a handsome silver iukstund by the teachers and pupils of the school. ? r, Mb. Julian A shton hns just completed a life-size three-quarter length portrait of His Excellency the Governor, and has succeeded in producing a striking likeness, while the technical qualities of tue picture are also deserving of commendation. At a meeting at the Masonic-hall, Sydney, on August 10, presided over by the bishop, a committee was appointed to make arrangements for giving religious instruction in public schools. Messrs. A. Gordon, A. Stuart, , and the Hew Canon Goodman, from Victoria, were the principal speakers. At the Sydney criminal sittings on August 9 David Joseph Newton, a solicitor, pleaded guilty to forging a decree absolute of the Divorce Court, purporting to be signed by Judge Windeyer, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. The prisoner is undergoing two years for a similar offence. The Tasmanian Consolidated Marine Board have unanimously decided to erect leading lights of 'the fourth order at the entrance to the Tamar, in consequence of the increase of trade to Launcea ton. They also recommend the erection of a lighthouse on Table Cape. A farmer named Denis Fleming, residing at Woononada, near Horsham, aged 20, was killed on August 8 by a fall from his horae. He was riding home with a few friends, when his horse began bucking, and threw the rider heavily against ti tree, smash ing his skull. Death was almost instantaneous. The annual elections for the various municipalities throughout Victoria were held on August 12. In the suburban municipalities the elections passed oil' very quietly. Great interest was taken in many of the contests, in which the polling was much heavier than hus been known for many years past. The skeleton of a man was found the other day in the scrub near Cambramatta station, on the Southern line in New South Wales. A revolver, with five chambers loaded and one discharged, whs found beside him. The man had been, apparently, dead for years. » We learn that Mr. Matthew Burnett, the temperance reformer, has been very successful in Adelaide and its suburbs, having persuaded some 13,000 persons to become total abstainers. Mr. ? Burnett intends labouring in South Australia for a few months, after which he will probably visit some of the other colonies. A statement has appeared that M. A. L. Soudry is still actings in the French court of the Exhibition. M. Soudry has no longer any connexion with the French Government, but he is the private agent for a number of the French exhibitors, and that position He of course retains at his own pleasure. At the last meeting of the Royal Society of Victoria, Mr. Lilley read Borne notes on 'Curious Effects of Lightning at Gabo Island Lighthouse,' mentioning a singular instance in which, the light ning passed down the centre column of the lighthouse, shook the structure to its foundations, and left traces in the. form of furrows cleanly cut in the sand at the base. ?. ~y A miner named Harry Tester was accidentally shot dead on August 9 at the Temora rush, New South Wales, while walking home to his tent carrying a bucket of water. Some men were practising with firearms 70 yards away, and one of the bullets entered the chest of deceased, who expired on the spot. Two men were arrested on the charge of manslaughter. Some excitement is being caused in Kilmore at present by the appearance of ' a ghost' that nightly promenades the railway plat form, and. has already so seriously frightened several persons as to render them very ill. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at several times, but without producing any effect. It is believed that some ot the residents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke, and the police have taken the matter in hand. Mr. Walter Greville, a young man about 25 years of age, well and favourably known to the sporting world at Ballarat as a trainer of racehorses, committed suicide on August 17, near the Lakes, by cutting his throat. The unfortunate deceased received a sunstroke some years ago from which he never perfectly recovered, and his condition of late had been such as to require constant watching. Mr. Wyatt, P.M., held an inquiry at Benalla on August 13 on the body of a man named Alfred Prieatnian, who was found dead in a waterhole the previous day near the Farmers' Arms Hotel, Benalla. The deceased was of unsteady habits, and last February, whilst suffering from excessive drinking, wounded his arm by cutting it with a knife. The hand had to be amputated. A verdict of accidental drowning was returned. Asian named Hodges, a resident of Jallukar, about 18 miles from Ararat, committed suicide on August 12 whilst suffering from delirium tremens. Hodges hud been ill for some days with typhoid fever, and he got up from his bed, and rushing to a waterhole some little distance from the house, threw himself into it, and wiis drowned. The deceased was 30 years of age, and was a married man. Richard Thomas Ball, who was committed for trial recently at Sydney for offering a bribe to the Colonial Secretary to procure him a situation, appeared before Mr. Justice Windeyer the other day, and pleaded guilty. The Attorney-General did not pray for judgment, as he believed the prisoner acted in ignorance, and the accused was discharged on his own recognisances to appear when called upon. Tue trial of the five young men — William JohnBon, Thomas Tyrrell, John Hulme, John Sheehan, and James Gillies — on a charge of criminally assaulting a woman named Emily illair, at Sandridge, on the 17th July Inat, was concluded in the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, on August 19, before His ilonour Mr. Justice Barry. The jury, after half an hour's deliberation, found all the prisoners not guilty, and they were discharged. Sunday, AuguBt 15, being the Feaat of the Assumption, was observed with due solemnity in the Catholic churches of the city ot Melbourne and suburbs. At St. Patrick's there was a very jnrge congregation, every part of the spneious church being well lilled. IJjgh mass, coram arc/iunuxcopa, waa celebrated at 31 oeock, the Very Rev. P. O'Meara being celebrant, the Rev. J. P. Ajluurd deacon, the Rev. J. Heffernan sub-deacon, and the Rev. ?'? -Uonaghy master of ceremonies. ?A meeting was held on August 10, at Sydney, for the purpose of considering the desirability of opening the School of Arts on oundiiy. Mr. Charles Bright moved a resolution in favour of tne opening. An amendment waa moved expressing an opinion ymt as the leaders of the movement were those who wiahed to uestroy the Christian Sabbath it wns undesirable to take any steps, considering that the books in the library could betaken nome for Sunday reading. The amendment was carried by a majority of 13S. w'rm: annual report of the department of Mines in New South I' 'or laat year has reached ua. It Bhowa that the yield of gold waa 10!),Gl9oz., valued at £ 107,218, showing a decrease of O.SODoz. in cjom.l-ared with the yield in 1^78. The number of gold miners, inn Is Chinese, ia estimated at 8,102, but it ia doubtful if thr l ^000 were constantly engaged in gold-mining 1 rfwEiw?111 tne Jcnr- 'J-'»e output of coal laat year amounted to n«« ' i 2 tonH- v-il«ed at £'J.ri01S78. About two-thirds of tho uQmnl output aro exported. ]«AtIFATAI- accident occurred to a young man named Georgo uuiey, 1-) years old, a resident of Wungomn, near Warrnainbool, ''»i|!iiatl2, lie went out shooting, ami ns he did no!; return reni I WllH Ina(l°« lmn without, hiutohh. On the search being lru i' i iUixt inoril-»Ki the lad's body wan found lying i» an open left ' i 'ot fiir from t-10 ''''so occupied by hia parents. Tho woun i llia flV0e wus W°wn completely awivy by n gunshot dental '' tliero is no doubt that the occurrenco waa acci The Victorian Furniture Manufacturers' and Employ &f; Trade lrotection Association have written to Sir Henry Parkes thanking nun tor the earnest endeavours made by him to obtain the unanimous action of the different colonies for preventing the mtlux of Chinese immigrants to the colonies. The Premier of isew bouth Wales, in acknowledging the letter, expresses his opinion that legislation on this subject, to be effectual, Bhould proceed upon an agreement between all the colonies, as to the principles of the measures to be enacted ; and he was prepared to give his assistance to bring about so desirable a result.. The Kerann Time* reports that on the 10th August the children of Mr. Morrison, a selector near Kerang, were playing togetner in the house, the mother having occasion to go outside. Atter being absent only a few minutes, she heard a faint cry, and immediately ran back tothe house to find one of the children all in names. Mr. Morrison, who was some distance away at the time, was sent for, and without delay went to Kerang for medical assistance. Dr. Wakefield was soon on the spot, and did all in his power for the child, but it was of no avail.'as death ensued 15 minutes after hia arrival. ? ? fv,TVn disturbance at the Margaret rush, Northern Territory, on tne 10th August, between Europeans and Chinese, was caused by a miner digging round the Chinese store. After blows had been exchanged between the miner and a Chinese storekeeper, the C-nineae attacked the miner with picks and shovels, when other Europeans interfered, and drove the Chinese back. Five of the ringleaders were arrested, and committed for trial. - The Chinese have erected their stores on a lead of gold, and there is some dimcultym getting them cleared away, The warden has been instructed to have it done as soon as possible. At a late meeting of the council of the Zoological and Acclima tisation Society it was reported to the council, that four kangaroo* and 12 wallabies, including three paddy melorm, had been killed by two.doRS that on a previous Thursday riinhfc got into, or were put into, the gardens. The loss is very, serious, as the collection was very complete, there being specimens of all known varieties in the Australian colonies. Ic had taken several years to accu mulate, and had been got together with much difficulty and expense. It is expected that in will be a considerable time before it can be made as perfect again. It transpired on August 16 that Mr. Hyman Gross, the secretary of the Melbourne Hebrew congregation, had absconded, taking with him a large amount which he had embezzled from the church funds. Meetings of the congregation were held to con sider the matter, and doubtless he will, be prosecuted. Some private individuals have also been victimised, and on their account the law has been Betin motion against him. It is said that the absentee obtained his position here by fraudulent representa tions, and that his previous character will not. beur investigation. Gross has since been arrested. ? .\ ' , ' \ An action was brought in the Melbourne County; Court on August 19, by Mr. Samuel Fieldhouse, to recover £2/000--frpm the proprietors of the Af/e newspaper, for an 'alleged libel published against the plaintiff in that newspaper on the 31st January last. ,'lne libel complained of consisted of comments on the character of the plaintiff in reference to his dealings with his bank, and also of a statement that there was reason to believe,the bank was not the only victim of misplaced confidence in him. The caee lasted the whole of the day, and at its close the jury returned a yerdico for the defendants. ;?? A terrible ptun accident happened on August 14 on the Swan hill road, 18 miles from Sandhurst, by which a little girl named Catherine Burke was accidentally shot through the head by a younger brother, and killed. The boy,' in the absence of his father at Sandhurst, was playing with a revolver, when it acci dentally went off. It is singular' that in the same district, on the same day, two other accidents from carelessness with. firearms occurred. A 3foung man named Osborne, while out shooting at Marong, waa getting through a fence when his gun went off and injured his left hand. Another young man was shooting at Sailors' Gully, near Eaglehawk, and had his right foot injured. The prevalence of measles among the children attending state Bchools in and around Melbourne has become so general that 8everul of the suburban boards of advice have recommended the Education-department to- allow the schools in their districts to be closed for a time, and the matter has been referred for the consideration and advice of the Central Board of Health. 'We are informed that in the Emerald-hill district upwards of 40 per cent, of the children and a great number of the. teachers cannot attend the schools owingto the prevailing epidemic. In. some instances the schools in this and other suburbs have been closed as a matter of necessity. ? Thk house of Mr. Abraham Hyman, at the corner of Hoddle street and Domain-road, South Yarra, was broken.into on August 18, between 3 p.m.' and 5 p.m., and a large, amount of jewellery and plate atolen. Entrance was effected by pushing back the catch of n side window, and the articles were taken out of the upstairs bedrooms. Other valuable property in a wardrobe that was locked luckily escaped the notice of, the thieves, who must have got into the hnuge and secured their plunder in a very quiet manner, as there were two servants in another part of the house, who heard no noise, and the robbery was hot discovered until Mr. Hyman came home. A meeting of the Australian Natives' Democratic Association was held on August 13 at the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, Mr. F. A. Mandeville occupying the chair, and about 25 members being present. About 10 new members were enrolled, and the meeting then considered and adopted several new rules providing lor the creation of district branches in the various electorates of the colony. Under those rules each branch is to be entitled to send the same number of members to the annual meeting of the associntion aa the electorate it represents sends to Parliament, so that there may be a general gathering of the whole association once every year. . The steamer Victoria arrived at Sydney Trom Queensland ports on August 17 with 7,900oz. of gold. An officer of the City Bank, on talcing delivery of a box of gold supposed to contain 120 ounces found it lijjht. The lid was closed in the usual way, with the seals intact, including the Queensland Custom-house stamp, but on opening the box nothing was found but tightly packet! blue and white foolscap. On communicating with the National Bank Cook town, an answer was received that the gold was in the box when it left there. It has become definitely known that the robbery of gold from the s.s. Victoria took place on board the vessel on the voyage from Cooktown, and tho detectives aro actively looking up the evidence. . It seems (states the Kerang Times) the rabbit nuisance is not such' an unmixed evil after all, but will become a source of wealth to many. So great is the demand for skins in Melbourne tint we hear '-'* per dozen is given for them, the fur being utilised in'hat-niaking. ' Some people make it their business to collect the nidus making periodical visits to different places. A collector rom St. Arnaud visits the Bael Bael district every fortnight, and gives la. 3d. per down at the aelectora' doors. Our informant wan at, a friend's houso at Bad Bael when the collector called. The selector received £2 10s. for skins he had collected during the past two week*. Wo also hear a late tradesman of Kerang in devoting tho whole of hia time to rabbit- eatchinc for the alike of the skins. At la. 3d. per dozen, when the rabbits are so numeroua, Homethinir more than a living .can bomade At the Melbourne City Police Court on, August 19, John William Thomson was charged with obtaining the sum of A 000 from Mr. H. Jennings, solicitor, by menus of fraudulent representations. The prisoner obtained a loan of the sum named from Mr JenniiicH on the deeua of some land at lootscray on the -t February 1878, and an he did not pay either princpal or ii terest tl e land was put up for aale. but not 'sol. . When the uul w«w ? dvertiBed for sale, Messrs. Moule iuU SecUlon gave Mr. ToiiiiK otc. hat the Hank of Victoria hell; r. mortgage over the ! 'ntl i i nueHtion. A search was made, when' it waa discovered Sat the 1 ml ml been brought under the provisions of the Land Tiansfer Statute, and had been previously mortgaged by tho Btatute. The defence was that the affair was a \nl*ta*e\\*'S™a* Mr Jennings had virtually admitted as much in jeep ing a second mortgage. The Bench committed the prisoner for trial at the next sessions of the Central Criminal Court Bail .wa allowed in one surety of £200, and the prisoner in the same amount. _..'?, GEORGE DUCKER, a German, was tried at the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, on August 17, for shooting at a girl named Margaret Kenny, with intent to murder her. The prisoner had been a lodger at Hartung's Hotel, Lonsdale-street, where the prosccutrix was employed as a servant. On the afternoon of the 29th June last, whilst she was in the yard washing clothes, the prisoner fired a pistol at her. The ball struck the fence a few inches above her head. The defence was that there was no evidence that the piatol had been loaded with any destructive substance. It was alao urged that the prisoner was insane at the time of the occurrence. The jury found the prisoner guilty ot shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and he was remanded for sentence. The ship Melbourne, from London, which arrived on August 18, has had a somewhat eventful passage. On July 10 she was boarded by a boat from the island of Tristan d'Acunha, and some trading in vegetable* nnd poultry was done. The islanders reported that all was well on the island, and that the population at present comprised 16 families, or 103 persons. Two days afterwards the Melbourne carried awav her maintopmast while rolling in a heavy sea, and the aecond officer and one of the crew sustained severe injuries. Several others were also hurt. On the night of this date, July 12, an ordinary seaman fell from alott while assisting to furl the upper foretopsail, and was drowned. Notwithstanding the crippling which the ship received, she has made a very good passage. The ova of salmon trout and brown trout which have been obtained from the artificial spawning-beds at Ercildoune are now beginning to hatch out. The young fry are strong and lively, and the eyes of the fish are visible in most of the eg«s which were first collected. The water-rats are found to be very trouble some, and several gravid fish ready for spawning, with large ? numbers of ova fully developed, have been killed by these pests. The nuisance has been checked to some extent by poisoned fish laid in their haunts. This season the spawning-time is unusually prolonged, and many of the fish appear not to have yet deposited their ova. An application for salmon- trout fry for the Hopkins River has been agreed to, and Mr. Palmer has undertaken the transit of the young fish. The fnnurance and Banking Record states that at a meeting of associated bankers of Melbourne, held on August 9, it was resolved that, in order to maintain unity of action amongst all the leading '-?ba&iks;, the following rates of deposit-interest be adopted: — On deposits fixed for three months, at rate of 2 per cent, per annum; for six months, 3 percent..; for 12 months, 4 percent. It was anticipated that a reduction to rates somewhat similar would be adopted in Sydney. The Record also reports that the leading , building societies' and cognate financial companies' managers have held a meetiner to consider whether the example of the banks Bhould be followed in lowering a second time the rate of interest on deposits. After careful consideration and dis cussion, it was determined to defer action in this direction £ or the present. We have received the Australasian Turf Register for the season 1879-80, which contains a full report of the past season's racing in the Australian colonies and New Zealand, the entries for the principal events for the present season, the registered colours of owners of racehorses, the list of jockeys, and the lengths of the principal courses. The volume also contains the rules of the Victoria Racing Club, the ruled of the Victorian Tatternall'8, the scale of weights for age, the winners of the principal colonial races, and sales of blook stock. The annually increasing size of this volume shows plainly the love of the Australians for the sp'orfc of racingr. The Reuis'er has been produced in excellent style by Messrs. Stillwell and Co. It is full of most valuable informa tion to all who take an interest in the turf, and to racing men it is indispensably necessary. The action of Paternoster v. Hackett was concluded in the Supreme Court on August 14. The plaintiff, a shareholder in the Provincial and Suburban Bank, sued Messrs. Hackett, Morgan, Scott, and Born, who had been directors in.1877, to recover the loss he had sustained through having purchased 50 shares in the company. He alleged that he was induced to purchase the shares by statements contained in the report and balance-sheet, which were since discovered to be false. Mr. Justice Stephen told the jury that even if the statements were untrue the defendants would not be answerable unlesa they knew them to be untrue, and fraudulently published them with the intention to deceive some one. The jury pave a verdict for the defendants. There were nine other cases on the list against the same defendants by other shareholders, but they were withdrawn. We have to record the death of Mr. A. Sutherland, which took place on Auguat 13, at hia residence, Barkly-street, St. Kilda. The deceased gentleman had_ for many years been prominently identified with the mercantile community of Melbourne. . He came to Victoria in 1S52. In September, 1SG1, he was made a member of the Pilot Board, and in June, 1SG2, a member of the Steam Navigation Board. Both these positions beheld up tothe time of his death. He was a justice of the peace for the Central Bailiwick. In March, 1S79, he went to England for the benefit of his health, returning to this colony about six months ago. For many years he waa a director in the City of Melbourne Gas ' Company, and latterly of the Metropolitan Gas Company, and in the National Bank. Death was the result of heart disease. The deceased gentleman was 61 years of age. Mr. J. IT. Alley held a magisterial inquiry at Wickliffe, Vic toria, on Auguat IS, on the body of a man who was found lying dead in a paddock belonging to Mr. Williamson, about seven miles from the township, under circumstances which seem to indicate that a horrible murder had been committed. The body had apparently been lying some weeks before it was found, and was much decomposed. It was that of a man about 5ft. 7in. high, aged about 30 years, and wus lying face downwards, with a wound in the skull, apparently inflicted by a dull, heavy instru ment. A large portion of the back part of the skull was fractured, a hole corresponding to the wound being found in the hat. There was nothing to lead to the identification of the man, and a verdict was returned that deceased had met hia death by a wound in the head, inflicted by some person or peraons unknown. A nomiikr of gentlemen met on August 13 at the Clarence Hotel, Melbourne, for the purpose of inspecting a quantity of specimen a of copper ore from the new Keelbottom Copper mining Company, Queensland . Tho specimens were of a very rich description, especially those taken from the footwall of the lode, which were stated to contain 90 per cent, of copper. Other specimens, containing from 25 per cent, of copper, were also inapected, which had been taken from a shaft lGft. deep, the lode being at that depth some 18in. thick. The reports of several gentlemen who had viaited the mine stated that the lode waa exceptionally rich, and by expending between £2,000 and £3,000 the mine could be fairly tested, the only difficulty at present being the influx of water. Tho mine is situated on the property of Mr. E. A. Head, near Dotswood, and about 45 miles A from rownsville. Active stepa are now being taken to promoto tho company. The half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne Woollen Mill Com pany wns held on Angust 13 at; the Temperance-hall, the Hon. James Munro presiding. The half- yearly report and balance sheet were read. In the former the directors expressed regret that the operations of tho half-year had not been more aatiafac tory, thero having been a marked decrease in the quantity of manufactured goods, though tho sales had been well maintained. The chairman attributed the unsatisfactory position of the com . pany to serious losses incurred through the late manager and to the dearness of money, the directors having had to pay very heavy interest on the mortgage. A number of shareholders questioned the directors somewhat severely with regard to the past and present management of the mill, but the report and balance-sheet were ultimately adopted, and a cordial vote of ,-..- thanks tendered to the secretary (Mr. \V. J. Lortner) for the manner in which he discharged the duties of manager pro tern. as well as secretary. - , ' Mb. Authur Hope,' of Yarra-bank south, Melbourne, has just patented an improved -portable stone- breaking machine, which was publicly itried at his works on August 13: in the presence of a number of practical' gentlemen. The trial was eminently satisfactory, the machine working well either as a stonebreuker or as a quart? or ore reducer. By a new application three. strokes may: be imparted to the moving jaw at one revolution of: the fly wheels. This gives a cleavage' to the- metal, and brings it nearer to the cubical-shape stone than most other machines. The. new machine is compact, powerful, portable, and very steady 'wheni at work.- It was driven by a four-horse power engine, and is capable of crushing eight yards of metal an hour, this being equal to about 10 tona. Mr. Hope's previous patent Btonebreaker has been extensively used by the city and' other corporations, and at a number of mines. The new machine will be oh view at the Exhibition, but as several patents have yet to . be secured, timore detailed description of its construction is not advisable. \ ,t, ' \\. ' The disputed boundary:ljne between South Australia and Vic toria was again' discussed -in the South Australian Assembly on the 4th August, on a motion for the production of correspondence bearing oh the question. The Treasurer (the Hon. C. Mann) remarked that apart from the value of the land — although the Burveyor-general estimated that at £800,000— the interests of justice, good' order, and good government demanded that the question should be definitely set at rest. As the Victorian Government refused to re-open the question, the South Australian Government proposed to force the matter into one of the Victorian ? law courts, either by selling dutiable articles, or by granting leases ? in the disputed country. . This course would be adopted as soon, as the boundary was properly determined, but some astronomical' observations -would first have to be made. A jocular amend ment, movediby Mr. Rounsevell, to the effect that a certificate of title to the piece of land in dispute in the eastern boundary of South Australia be at once sent to the Victorian Government, . with South Australia's compliments, was negatived, and the correspondence ordered to be laid before Parliament. It is with much satisfaction that we find ourselves in a position to announce that the Austrian band, of which a good deal has been heard during the past few months, is now actually on its way to Melbourne in the Orient steamer Lusitania, and that it may be expected to arrive in good time for the opening of the Inter national Exhibition. The undertaking, which the Exhibition commissioner's did not see their way to enter upon, has been taken in hand as a private speculation by two enterprising Sydney gentlemen, who incur the very large outlay of £10,000 in engaging the band; This musical organisation consists-^of nearly 60 per-' formers, comprising a very large proportion of the musiciana forming the celebrated Strauss Band, the conductor and musical director being Herr Kratzl, who has been for a long time asso ciated with Herr Strauss as his second in. command. All the members of the band are highly trained artists who have received their musical education at the Conservatories of Vienna and Prague. They will wear a handsome military uniform, arid will altogether form a most important and interesting addition to the pleasures of the Exhibition season in Melbourne. ? - - The largest ball yet produced in Australia has been cast by the Langlands Foundry Company (Limited), Little Flinders-street, west. It is intended for the clock to be placed in the tower of the new Town-hall, Emerald-hill. Its weight is 1 ton 9$cwt., its diameter 4ft. 4£in. in the mouth, its thickness 4in. 7- 16th on the sound bow, ana its strike note F sharp. It was designed by Mr. C. W. McLean, engineer, Market-street, and the casting was very successfully accomplished. The material used was the beat bell metal, composed of copper specially run at the Adelaide refinery ; and of Tasmanian tin. The bell has both a hammer and a clapper, but the former is to be used, the latter being provided merely for emergencies. The weight of the hammer is C51b. The clock is being manufactured by Mr. Gaunt, of Bourke- street, and .' when completed both it and the bell will be exhibited in opera tion in the machinery court at the Exhibition. The bell has been examined by Mr. Ellery and Mr. M'Lean, and the tone pronouncd to be perfect. The bell bears the coat-of-arms and the motto of the Emerald-hill Council, and with its mountings and erection will cost about £300. An action to recover £500 damages for libel was brought in the Victorian Supreme Court on August 16 by J. A. Ralph, a splitter, of Bunyip, against Messrs. P. and C. Nind, the proprietors of the Warragul Ovardian. The plaintiff was chairman of a public meeting held at Drouin on the 22nd March, at which a resolution was carried condemnatory of an ex-Commiasionerof Railways (Mr. Woods) for making promises about Bunyip and not. carrying them out, and an anonymous letter was published in the defendants' paper on the lat April, asking if the Mr. Ralph who was chairman of the meeting, and a Mr. Brown, who proposed the resolution, were identical with the 'Ralph and Brown' who had then recently appeared to answer a criminal charge in connexion with the removal of certain timber from a selection. Another person who took part in the meeting was also referred to by the writer of the letter, who asked if the person was a 'Pentonvillian,' and the letter was signed ' Pentonvillian,' alias ' Point Pure Boy.' The defendants pleaded not guilty, but failed to justify the publication of the letter, and the jury of six , returned a verdict for the plaintiff, with £30 damages. Hi a Honour Mr. Justice Higinbotham, who heard the case, awarded plaintiff coats on the higher scale. 