"THE MOSQUITO." (FROM THE LONDON DAILY TELEGRAl'H.) A misguided fanatic has coma forward to announce, as if expecting congratulation, that the white ant of the tropics will thrive in Sngland. He is wisely anony mous, but it passes belief that he should anticipate any enthusiam for the an nouncement, or suppose his example would excite to emulation. Once upon a time it was proposed to the people of Abydos that they should establish a po lice, but the townsfolk, instantly gather ing together a sufficiency of big pebbles, stoned the would-be reformer out of their city. This they did to show that they were content with such evils as they al ready possessed, and did not care to in troduce others. We would not go so far as to say that the Corporation of the City of London should formally stone out of the City limits every stranger who came before them with obnoxious suggestions, because the indiscriminate application of even the most wholesome correctives may sometimes lead to their abuse. But it does occasionally happen that excep tional circumstances arise which seem to call for exceptional treatment, inas much as our ordinary procedure does not meet them. Now what are we to do with those who would naturalise the horrors of foreign countries among us, or who would allow their scientific enthusiasm to be tray thein into public exultation over the " success" of experiments in acclimatising the abominable exotics, as scorpions Colo- J rado beetles, white ants, cobras, and mos quitos 1 All of these have in turn been experimented with; and, though there are certain conditions of Western civilisa tion, hobnailed boots for one thing, that act as positive checks to the multiplica tion of the species, there has been quite sufficient success to justify the hope of the misguided individuals who nurture them that in time they may thrive in our midst. The Colorado beetle's enormities are of such proportions that he has been formally prosecuted as an enemy of the State, and with all the pomp of Legisla tive bell, book, and candle, he has been warned off our shores, while naturalists have been threatened with penalties if they attempt to acclimatise him. The cobra is a criminal of hardly less dignity, and yet it is on record that an enthusiast in serpenti-cnlture offered to the guar dians of one of our public parks a lively family of da capellos, under the impres sion that, if looked after, they might get on well. The generous offer was promptly declined, and an intimation was conveyed to the would-be donor that any one seen surreptitiously introducing snakes into the ! rockeries or water-pipes of our public gardens would be instantly prosecuted. Nor was the proposal of breeding white ants received with greater favour Building societies might, indeed, do worse than introduce this house-de vouring insect, but we feel sure that the immorality of such conduct will prevent it from being at all generally followed. Of the other pests we have mentioned, the scorpion has already made himself quite at home among us, and the mosquito has proved be yond doubt its adaptability to our cli mate. We are content, having these to mvite no more additions to our "common objects of the country •" and if any one should now hint at tarantulas, centipedes, or other such interesting no the peop^trf Abydos!^ Pr°bably not forget Scorpions are undesirable, but mos quitos are altogether intolerable. The £* ? ®oorpion can be caught removes much of its terrors. It can be picked up with the tongs, and put at the Sa. kitchen fire, or a brick can be dropped upon it, and the remains can be kept in spirits of wine. A scorpion is a fact, and therefore assailable. It can be pummelled and kicked into the street. It is m our power to apprehend it and punish it. There is solidity about it, for a scorpion trill sink in water. Wecati make a parcel of it and throw it down the sink. It leuds itself, being material, to every possible treatment, and invests pur suit, capture, and subsequent destruction with a certain dignity. 11 is large enough for a man to protect himself from, and, before ladies, to perform prodigies of valour. There is nothing unmanly in using a stick to a scorpion, nor need any one be ashamed if found, heated in the face, and the furniture of the room in disorder, in pursuit of one. With the mosquito none of this is possible. It is not a voice only, but a voice with a pro boscis—a phantom with a beak, a ghost that bites. It is not to be caught, but if it is there is nothing in the hand worth mentioning. The captor cannot be proud of the reaidue, for the remains of a dead ghost are a mere trifle. The meanest of men would not hesitate to throw them away. It is not possible, as with a scor pion, to wait until it settles, and then stamp tipon it, for no man can stamp upon the nape of his own neck, or permit another to do so. Nor is it of any use to take the fireirons to the mosquito, or to set a dog upon it. A man would look absurd who went after one with a thick stick, or threw his boots at it. The insect is, humanly speaking, intangible. Indeed, it might almost be denied to be matter at all, foryour knowledge of it is strictly rela tive. The victim hears a voice close to his ear, as of some fly whining a monotonous recitative, he feels an itching on the lobe of the ear, and he finds a pimple there which he rubs. That is all; and from this phenomena in conjunction he argues the existence of a mosquito in his neigh bourhood. The philosopher asks " What is nature ?" and answers himself that it is the name for extension, solidity, divisi bility, figure, and so forth conjoined in something. We cannot, he says, think of those properties apart from something to which they belong, or think of matter ex cept by its effects upon us. Mosquitos may, therefore, be fairly denied corpo real^ existence, for we know them, as a rule, by their effects and in relation to our own feelings. When they perforate a hole in the skin we argue they have a proboscis which is very sharp at one end, and as they come to us through the air we infer that they hare wings ; but a proboscis upon wings would be such a preposterous assailant that we gratuit ously endow it further with legs and a body and a tail. But it is the height of hypocrisy, in our opinion, to affect to treat mosquitos philosphically. It is all very well to appeal to metaphysics and loftily deny their material existence, or pretend to dismiss them from solid dis cussion as being only relative to their effects. ^ Such treatment of a mosquito does not suffice. It may do for " matter" iu a lump, butwheu we come todetnils, itfaiis. " I have heard," said the Ettrick Shep herd, " that it is denied that there are such things as ffesh-and-blood men, but I never heard before that the proof of the existence of ghosts was counted de fective." Elephants, rhinoceroses, and such things may afford subject for philo sophical doubt, but the mosquito admits of none. There is no gainsaying its presence, nor, when it has once settled upon a man's body, is there any ubs in pretending that he does not feel it. Although a mere trifle, light as air, it cannot be disregarded. Work must cease before it, and pleasure in its company is impossible. The mere passage of the hand through the air suffices to blow a mosquito ^ away, yet this gossamer no thing, this aerial ephemerid, paralyses the intellect and turns the human af fections to gall. Asleep or awake, tho torment pursues its victim. The very littleness of the persecutor embitters life. If the kitchen poker could be of any use, they might come on by bat talions, but there is not enough in a mosquito to strike. A bushel of scor pions might easily be disposed of by in dustrious agility, but even one mosquito is all too numerous to fight with. Outfrom some dark corner the small thing comes in the twilight, piping a vicious catechism as it flies. It carefully reconnoitres its prey, and settles upon the point selected as lightly as a shadow. It has taken it half an hour to make up his mind, and itB human foe sits all the time breath less and motionless, while the exasperat ing sing song comes and goeB, rises and fails, now at one ear, now at another, round behind his head, and then down to the ankles ; but at last it ceases. The mosquito has settled, and the mo ment for vengeance has arrived. Has it, ? The intention was excellent, and the vigour of tho blow undeniable, but what is there to show ? A pimple, nothing more an irritating and unnecessary pim ple. Let other countries, then, keep the rest of their plagues. The mosquito, the chief of small evils, is already acclimatised along the Southern coast and in London itself. Nearly every ship that brings a cargo from the Tropics contributes to the number of scorpions. For the latter we can allow ourselves a certain latitude of commiseration, but for the former there can be none. The scor pion, child of summer climes, has been accustomed to barefooted races of men and the steamy warmth to be found under luxuriant vegetation. In a very thoughtless moment it had crept among some cargo destined for England, and when it next sees light it is on an Eng lish w'harf. Not a shrub does it find to hide under, and the granite blocks are so closely cemented that there are no cracks of refuge. The air is chill, and the scor pion creeps half numbed across the cold, wet stones, in the hope of finding shelter; but suddenly there comes along—how dif ferent from the sauntering, bare-footed negro creole, or Hindoo that he is accus tomed to !—a quick-stepping man in hob nailed boots. He did not even notice that he had put his foot on the scorpion &b; he passed. The negro, if he had done so, would have leaped up in the air with a shout, aud, as the scorpion scuttled down a hole, it would have seen the black man lying on the ground bellowing out his lamentations. But, with the granite wharf beneath it and the sole of heavy boot above, the scorpion's interest in its surrounding soon ceases. The mosquito's experiences on the other hand, are by no means so desperate. Arrived at the wharf it goeB ashore, and, seeing the same man in hobnailed boots sitting on a bench, it percheB upon him and makes a meal. We do not, it is true, expose so much bare surface to the mosquito's attack as the racei among which it is indigenous, but, on the other hand, we have no artificial defences against its assaults. It does not, therefore, suffer by emigration, nor, if all accounts of its rapid propagation are to bebelieved,doesthedifferent climate affect it. When or by whom it was introduced does not now matter, for the fact suffices that it is here. But any attempt to in troduce other pests, reptile or insect, should be taken up at once, not perhaps with all the severity of the townsfolk of Abydos, but, at any rate, with all their promptitude. 