ALPHONSUS LIGUORI. \- no. viii. It is important that so great a doctor of i the Church' as-St. Liguori's should speak; about the " confessional:" Liguori is re-; f erred to by Pope Leo XIH.;as worthy to be louowea m all respects; and those who made him a canonized saint said that7 when his' books of instruction were examined it was; found ; that'no t in ' one 1 particle was::,tlierej anything deserving of "eensiire. ' "Wh'at liei says; ' ; ! therefore, about . ' the confessional i ought to he reliable, and Protestants ought to feel tliat in what he says he is speaking from the > highest knowledge ,;qf fact and experience! ' /t !/.; |S Pirst of all, then, when Liguori caixie, in his book, to deal with the confessional, and to give confessors instruction about how-, jto. manage the. womenjrhe began., to lament theJ necessity of saying much which 'li8" would be bound to say. But' the lamentation was soon got over. ' - When a papist ' imagines that the Church has decided, lie does; not hesitate,. even; in, the matter of - torture, blood, > or .murder, :1c may , be very sad. to torture ,-a . follow crea ture ; but as the Church approves of" tort . ture, the v feelings-of humanity must' be overcome. It may be very distressing for a woman to tell all her secret feelings, and sins ; but, virtue is.pncouraged. to conquer modesty when the- Church, orders.it.- ,,It may be jvery awful to think that a priest knows that a murder is - about to be ' com mitted, and dare" not give ..warning -to the hapless victim, .because, .what' lie., knows, ho knows by. confession,, and the - .seal :tof the .confession tho. dare not ubreak, even -if the , safety of the nation, depended on,; it ! What the, Cliurch says is . the rule and-, the reason -upon which a Papist acts ; .and tiie action must be done whatever the. conse-' quence3; .because the Church speaks, -the actor is free ! .. .Thequeation.is proposed. Are the things revealed; in; tlio;confessional -to die. exposed- at, any. time and , in , any degree, vand for any . reason whatever ? Here is the answer of Liguori : — ' ' ' ' i' ' "-(, -'/Th'e-seal (of Silence) is an obligation of divine right, -. most strict 'in - every, case; - even where: the safety of, a whale nationis at slake" "' The chief reason for this is thus given : " If otherwise'nobody would coine. to con fession.," In' order therefore , that people may be encouraged to come to the priest, in 1 cbrifessiori, 'everyone is assured( .that what :is 'revealed' in confession is'/uncie'r .a' seal ; which dare not be broken,; 'reyed though 'tlie safety of, a whole nation were at'stake.'" Accordingly, the peoplq coine with their horrid', recitals, ancl their/ mud derbus' intentions, anci tell the priest, then get , absolution j and the wfe tciied creatures rise from' the priest's .knees ' quite assured that, liis sin. is forgiven and his,, murderous plans- will not be divulged ! All this/ may/be' very secret looking.. The- priest "'knows.' 'as God in tlje ; cpnfesr sional iVhat'Is told hiril; and, outside ,' tlie cbiifessibiial/' the priest,, as '.'man, is /quit'e igdofant/bf 'wliaf lie Heard or, it is closed up in his bosom 'a'iicl influences' liim not in ariy/of his' actions. We "are quite sure that this is hot' altogether true.' The priest'inalies use afterwards of what hb hears' ih tlie con- fessional; when what He hears/'ruay Be of ad vantage either to, himself or 'the Church: The'secrets of a family1- are; /drawn out in the confessibriar; familypeculiaritiy moral, religious.aridpblitic'alsecretsjaiidthepriest takes ! steps 'accordingly to make'' We 'of what he hears for the good of the Church. Nay ; priests at their tables and. in their cups -have jokes and amusement in'reciting curious things which by confession have come to their' ears ; and although the names may not in all cases be mentioned ; yet, on ceitain other occasions, the daention of the names is '-the 'first thing done, to set agoing tho wide spread' machinery of the priest hood to accomplish some object which will be of advantage to; the Church, or, to the' priest himself,- when the "affair is personal. But, while aiiiong the conspirators tli'eui- selves this seal of- the confessional1 is a " moveable " seal, we have no doubt that, as respects the biity and the heretics outside, ; it -is a seal.that is "unbreakable," and: it is ; accordingly diept..' \- For 'example, if a wife confesses that she is 'unfaithful to her husband, , the ' priest will dot tell the wretched husband that. his wife-is not his own. If a son is dishonest to his parents and confesses it to the priest, the priest will, not tell the parents to look aft'or, their property.' If a debtor is guilty of fraud, and he confesses it, to the priest, tlie, priest will not tell the injured creditor that he ought 'to see. to1 tlie gathering of his debts. Orj if a fenian tenant is meditating the pleasure of "drop-; ping" an obnoxious landlord from behind a; fence some cqnyeiiieiit ; niji t, and he;-con-! fes'ses to the priest/, 'thb priest'/ will' not tell ' the confiding landlord that his -life is in; danger. Yes, and; when the 'deed is done, if the priest be. accused of being privy to deed,' lie will swear that, he never knew of it, that he does not know who did it, and' that lie is as innocent of knowing any thing about:it as;the child' unborn! Why?: because lie knew it: a8 God in the confes sional; but as -man outside, he is ahso-i lutely ignorant ! , - .We .shall be' told that tlie priest . can dissuade tho person confessing from carry- 1 ing out his plots';. yes, but tlie person con-' fessing need not carry out what the priest suggests. He gets absolution, and the purpose is kept secret. We shall be told .also that; any professional man, doctor or lawyer, is equally bound to retain the secrets which, their clients may reveal .to. them. No, it is not true.' No profes sional-. -man in the world would-feel him self otherwise than as ah accomplice, if he knew of contemplated , crime and did not refuse to keep such/ a secret ; and, there is no professional man in the world, except a priest, .wlfo/ if-!2 asked: in- court and oil oath, "Were you told of the contemplated crime ?" 'would- dare swear "I never was told; ,1 never 'knewUt,"' if 'indeed he; .was told . beforehand.' " j. ./. We ask 'Protestants to consider j these facts. When you see a priest you see a man wlio knows every secret and feeling and intention of the Papists who follow liim. He knows about, the. wives what their own husbands don't know. Ho knows about the children whatthe "parents never ;- dream- of. - He - knows ' concerning the plots and conspiracies of liis people — perhaps' plotting your 'death. He is in possession of all these things. They are told him imder ,the /pledge that ;he" will not tell. And, if difficulty and .danger arise after wards, he will swear that , he knowB noth ing about the perpetrators -of the deed. Is 'it safe to have such persons in vour midst ? . . Is. it safe to allow, thom their, privilege? . Is it .possible to regard, them as citizens, on equal terms with ourselves? Is ' it possible to believe them, -even on their oaths ? The- fact is dreadful to con template that when you see , a priest you seeNa man who knows things as God, and, as a man he knows them not ! It makes one shudder to', think that wlien.one sees a priest one sees a man who knows perhaps that you will be murdered to-night, and that lie will not ancl dare not; tell, you that your, life is in /danger ! / ; Nay, one's /blood runs coW ' when prie thinks tliati'our/ihtended mui;d.brei; 'to-night is ' standing speaking . .'ho you in the/street, shaking Hands. yv'ith you, s mil ing as a; friencl in your face, and ' w i sh- ing ',y pu / ' ' good ; day,." ' witlj a/ , " "God; . bless you," and that the priest who knows of your intended/inurd hasKari'ea,dyabsolved tlie ruffian, passing. By recoghizes you hotii witli "a friendiy n6d,'/«ncZ yet.', wiltn6f tell you of ihe appfoachii ig. danger before you'! Call '.tliis religion/! ' CallT(this .tbp seal .of the ./.>Gphal/a #ivme 'ffghi"!" Call this . /complicity with/' /wickedness and murder, a lawful cliit'yr! ,:Itiis tlie , religion of the "devil anctffiVBnly .for hell.- . h\ /:!! — " M-TfjfA : /As'/ tlie ; people /of ' Eriglancl - have evi dently :desired/'a dhange Government, we are glad that they hayo expressed that desire with'-'decisive emphasis. Tlie reAson of tlie chan'ge/ is not 1 very 'clear' ; and' wliat advantage1 will be got from'' the change is veiypfoblematical; Timewilltell. It ia'cei'tam'tliat/very- miicli of / the pPlicy bf the defeated ' Government will i-eqiiire,' to be continued.1 /'/Of" 'course the' hew/Gbvcrh- m'ent" will 'require'' ito do 'something' to justify tlieiv advent to power. Prphaiiiy they 'will give 'Turkey 'a " notice : ;ihtit 1 her movements will require to be ! quickened: It lias all along been known that Beacons- field favoured Turkey imcheekof Hussial It i is -probable vthat the Liberal- Govern ment, whether ; Gladstoneists : or not,' will warn Turkey; that /Russia: will Be preferred to .; the o' effete ' and . miserable " rule '' : of -Moslem- 1 stagnation . ' Anticipation ' of ' th is may be tlie explanation of tlie' alarm now being :.:manifested> in the Court! of 'IslamT. AYe shall.be glad if » the Sultan is brought to liis senses ; and' if he is forced 'to realize that -liis misrule will not- bo tolerated by England. And we shall- -be delighted to see that / the ;> promised -reforms are : no longer things of doubt/ bnt realities to be enjoyed by the- miserable - peoples- who have beon most cruelly1 oppressed by the tyrannical agents of the Goiistantinopolitan Court.-But 'what is especially satisfac tory is this1: - the people of England' 'have desired "a , change:; and they liave said so emphatically, i "Wei 1, the government will not be in- the Bands of those treason and sedition, mongers; ' known- as the Irish " Home. Rulers." -The policy of the Home Rulers : has -always been- to - have' such-'" a number that in 'the nearly evenly balanced parties of the " ins " and the outs;" Ttliey could, as questions arose of. -party strife, offer to give -their weight to either, accord ing to the profitable bargain > they' might be able' to drive. - This policy was the in vention of Cardinal Wiseman;- ; ' He-used to, say— "iGive me a; band of fifty\\.faitliful .Catholics in .the House of Commons ;; let -those /faithful men kIo ; what I- - tell them.; ;let them .follow me-as their'general, and' I iwiU ruleqboth Englanld and Ireland." 'He! knew what ho was saying." - -Looking at: the Tories and; the'Liberals as very nearly; balanced,: he 'knew that a " Catholic vote" of fifty noses on most occasions would turn the scale / ' anci render govern ment impossible /.unless by. buying the Catholic vote. /. On this policy the Papists have been acting in England and Ireland since the days of Wiseman. And behold they are .able to boast of GO members in the House of Commons ! Those will vote in a bunch as often as Cardinal Manning requires them to do so. They will vote according to bargains. Their, seditious , objects they will try to secure by - the i power of their votes: . ' - We are glad, n there?. ! fore, whether - the f Liberals - or : tb e ';Tories iwin and hold tlie reins, when the majority of either side of loyal men is sufficient to reduce the- ' Irish, Home:-. Rule, or ; Fenian ; vote; to a - cipher. ; - The . policy lofj-the? Home Rulers in the House of 'Commons is being strictly "followed in1 .these colonies. Recently the traffickers in the Catholic vote were impudent and audacious enough in Victoria., They are getting ready to. he' impudent and auda cious here- The , letter, of that scion of a degenerate house, young II eydon, thelawyer of Bathurst, which we published the ' other day, shows us what, is being plotted : at Bathurst, /under the eye of the Bishop, and Archbishop- of ;Sydney."We hope that Protestants, will understand how to defeat these Popish' plots, which have 'the -in terests of the.' Church, and not. of the country in ' view!'- < That was a most interesting proof which was given- in Ireland the other day, that Gunpowder Plot days are not past yet, when a box of guncotton was snugly secreted under ; a - platform, on which a large number, of loyal Irishmen were ex pected to stand,' ancl in the. neighbourhood of which a large crowd was expected to assemble for the , discussion .of questions interesting to. the , country. It was the Orangemen who; did; it 1 : Tn the olden times the Papists used'tokleal in gunpowder plots ; but now, by the.'ad vance of science, the -Orangemen have .betaken themselves to the iplots - of guncotton ! . In the old times the -Papists -aimed- at sending - king,; lords, and commons into the air by means of the vulgar:, compound/. known as " gun powder ;" but -now those horrid Orange men aim at the regeneration of Ireland by;: tlie": help-' of - .gun cotton',' to ; send i -.the gentry and other friends of Ireland of the " non-Home Riding "..Btamp a thousand feet -in fcoj-tfto/air ,/! i"iTlie3r/ai«/ clever, fellows those Orangemen. n'They ;do .things deeply. Gunpowder is too common for them. Tliev profer/'ih'desfin/ireniiibhs/oiMenoe:; and the .people/;: whom, .they design .to .blow into' : the- ;air s are , the insignificant , , paob of Irish patriots who. are: not worth two farthings /'in- the afiairs _of the kingdom ! Bunglisi's '.theso. ./Orangemen undoubtedly ajjdr/Bjeloyr..' the genius of Papists and Jesuits. The, Jesuits and Papists aim high when they ' plot ; but those stupid Orarigemen, they, aim at explosions, with scientific implements, which are not worth the/ti/ouble and .the/cost of the material ! — Cur readers will, understand , us. ' The Papists, who are ashamed of tho late attenipts at - intimidation ancl murder which have been made in Ireland, under the countenance of the Home Rule and Pai-nell party, have ventured upon /the bold, stroke of, saying that the, plotted ex plosion' by, .means of gun cotton recently; discovered, was the device of Orangemen ! Dreadful-fellows those Orangemen, if they have condescended to follow tlie tacti-s of their Papal enemies. But no fear. Orange men never resort to murderous plots. They never debase themselves to .make use of Papal woapons. If they have enemies, they openly face them. If tliey have things to complain of, they openly speak of them and demand their being put right! , .Their idea ; of honour is to give ; their enemies fully, to understand that- the things 'com plained1 of must be altered ; but tliey leave tlie dagger/ the poniard, the massacre, and the heavenly method of " blowing up " to those lioly people wlio are regenerated by washerwomen and fed By sacraments ! ' Our Subscribers.— We have: t6/ request that defaulting subacrikers who have allowed a long Viihe' to/pass witliou'fc their sending ihoney, will notice that'the ending of the ,' year1 of . our publication ia a proper time for' their paying off all1 old scores. We have sent, their accpunts that they may know' the 'exact' amounts which, they owe. We liavo'to request' that attention be given . to'/ the : letters ' whieh"' wo-'-have sent. Unless, in the case of some, the money, be for warded, the papers- will be stopped and further expensb will be lucurredin recovering. ; Our' AgoatS. — Gur agents will kindly notice that the /'quarter has run out, and that it ; is time for them to forward their statements as soon as possible. We request that those who have been furnished ; with their' accounts,' will remit t the. money as early as poasibloV'/ ' It ..is preferable that thov remit post office 'orders, as cheques involve the trouble and expense, of exchange. Seat on University Senate.— To-day the graduates will determine by their votes who is to occupy the vacant seat on the University Senate; The vacancy has'occurredthrough tho continued absence of Mr. W.! Forster. '-Who is to be elected to till the vacancy ?_ The friends of Sir Henry Parkes have long desired to:give him. this mark of their coulLlenco and respect, as well as to raise him to a position of power and influence in- our chief educational institute, as showing their gratitude to him for his work in connection with the Public Schools. Before now he would have been elected had it not been for his own, unwillingness to accept. The friends, however, resolved some time ago, and especially in; connection with recent services in the educa tion of the people, that at the next vacancy Sir Henry Parkes should be , elected without pre viously asking him if he would consent or accept. It has happened that the present vacancy has occurred in connection with the name- of Mr. W. Forster, the late Agent-Gen eral. The circumstance was unfortunate that Mr. Forster's name should have been connected with' the vacancy, as Sir Henry ParkeB and Mr. Forster have been thrown recently into unplea sant relations with each' other. The friends regretted' this as giving an appearance of antago- nism -between "the two gentlemen in the pro posed election; but as the two things were wholly distinct from each other, it was thought, that only bitter and senseless prejudice could take: advantage of such a circumstance to the annoyance of .Sir Henry Parkes. Accordingly : Sir 'Henry was at once nominated ; but immedi ately, by .the influeheo of that party which hates Sir Henry for Mb Public Schools' labours', , the name of Mr. Forster- was proposed in oppo sition, simply on the ground that Sir Henry Parkes was being proposed in opposition to Mr. Forster ! The thought could not occur to any but -to those: who were bitterly prejudiced and hostile against Sir Henry. The circumstance, ; however, that Sir ; Henry Parkes and Mr. Forster, in the Agent-General - matter, were' opposed to each other, was sufficient- to give! hope to the Papal and denominational party; that thoy could damage Sir Henry 1 by ' pro- : posing the name of Mr. Forster in: opposition. r The dodge is disgraceful. 1 The hope 5 is .'vain ;; and to-day ' the : graduates will doubtless know that: they are not to be influenced by ' these miserable electioneering tricks, which may- be; well enough in a city election, but' 'are wholly out of place in sn election - without our chief educational institution. Wo ourselves are- friends of Ms. Forster. Liko Dr. Badhan, we highly respect the honourable gentleman. - We sympathize much with him-in bis troubles ; but to suDnoso that' Mr. Parkes was nominated ; in ! connection with the Agent-General matter is": absurd, because, if Mr. Forster had beenSir Henry Parkes' best friend, the vacancy which has: occurred .-perfectly-' - legitimately, would have been filled by proposing the name of Sir Henry Parkes. We hope that Sir Henry will bo elected by a decisive majority. The Hon.. Mr. D&lloy.;—A'Ve regret to hear thatthe Hon. W. B. Dalley has been, compelled by failing health to resign his seat in the Legis lative Council. The talents and ability of the hon. gentleman are well known; and have been admitted even by those who had no sympathy with his views on certain questions. Sir John Robertson, when the letter of resignation was read in the House, spoke not only his own senti ments, but the . sentiments of the public gener ally, when he said that the hon. gentleman had done good service to the country, and that tho country would regret the loss of his , services through failing health. We sincerely, trust that the retirement of Mr. Dalley will not be other wise than temporary. We have not always agreed with Mr. Dalley in his measures and proposals ; but wo havo always had pleasure in reading or hearing him : and, when we have been callen upon to reply, to his arguments, we have always felt that we were dealing with a man who deserved respect. We will admit, however, that we have cordially concurred with Mr. Dalley in the position which he has taken in recent constitutional 'discussions. His arguments on tho " privilege question " were impregnable ; and not less successful was he in his address on the last hitch between Sir Henry Parkes aud the Council,, in re . the Stamp Act amendment difficulty; In both these matters, undoubtedly, Mr. Dalley has commended him self, to the public as on. the right side, , and Sir Henry Parkes has as conspicuously failed, not withstanding . the strong majority which has hacked him in the Legislative Ae'sembly. Wo have heartily concurred with Mr. Dalley on these matters. We have differed, decidedly and thoroughly, but with equal conscience' and , res- pcot, in tho question of the schools. Mr. Dalley was,- of "course, in his speeches on this question, brilliant and devoted ; but it was, manifest, we think', .that throughout his educational lectures and addresses, . he was speaking as one who is pleading a cause which ho was bound to lose. This difference does hot destroy our. respect for Mr. Dalley, hor diminish our sincere desire that he may ho spared to return to his public position. We very cordially desire his restoration to health. Mono? Bills. — The desire of Sir Henry Parke's is, that the. power of the Upper House to deal with money bills should bo defined , and limited;' '".Ho "will not allow, that the Upper House should have power to amend a money bill,' because such power would affect the prin ciple of representation and, taxation. He will hot allow the Upper House to have power , even to alter a word, or to explain a word,; in a money bill, because this might affect the taxation of the country and alter the financial policy ' of the Government. All this he maintains by, reference to the British Constitution ; .and' he says , that otherwise, that human freedom is impossible; under oiir Constitution. . . Sir. Henry must feel, that his position is rather shaky. Has ho defined, what a money bill is ?; We should imagine that, it would be rather difficult for, him to do; so, ., There is scarcely any bill which is not, more or. less, a money bill, in the sense that it may affect; tho financial schemes of the Government. , But: if this were made quite clear, what, is more absurd than to fight about the Council having tho power to amend or improve the phraseology of a Stamp Duty Bill, when it is .admitted that the Council has the power to reject such a bill altogether.' Sir. Henry admits that the Upper House has the power to reject the Stamp Duty Bill V he admits that it woud he perfectly legiti- 'niate, and within the power of the Council to reject his bill ; but he denies that the Council has the right to so far amend one clause of that bill as to mske it clearer than it originally was,: , and he denies this right, oil. the principle, 'blitit, the Council shall not either add to or : diminish the taxes of the people, or ' interfere wi th the financial schemes of the Government. Whether does the rejection of the whole scheme of the amendment of a schedule. in the way of explain ing the meaning more clearly, interfere the more with the policy of the Government or affect the taxation of the people ? : We are certain that if there bo anything which would disturb a. Go vernment, affect the taxation of the people, and defeat the financial schemes of a Ministry, it is, not the verbal amendment of the schedule, or a hill, hut the thing which Sir Henry Parkes admits the Council may do, viz., cast out a money bill altogether. Take this _ Stamp Act difficulty. Sir Henry Parkes admits that the Council might throw it out ; " but he will not; allow it to explain the language of one of the schedules. He insisted upon this that the Council may not affect tho taxation of the country ; yet, lie allows that tho Council might reject the bill altogether, perhaps leading to the bankruptcy of the Treasury and the resignation of a Mmistry altogether! "Freeman's" Lying Gaolbird- — The wretched, creaturo with half a dozen aliases ;from "Grey Harold " to " Pasquin," continues at hi mercenary' work for tho sako of bread from his; Unprincipled masters. . "W ickecl men ' wax . worse and worse." The hireling "" Pasquin," : not being at present able to rob in oyster shops; tries'his band at another kind of robbery. Not; being at present able to ' assault women, lie amuses bimself by assaulting clergymen. The: ruffian likes' variety. : When: h'e: is not. in gaol : he goes about abusing his liberty ; and when, for being too free with other people's property, he is fed and housed InDarlinghurst at tho Queen's expense; he only prepares himself for returning to his oyster shops'and public houses with more, zest than ever. Grey Harold, like tho . swine with whom he, herds, may get a washing from the Darlihghurst warders,- but no sooner : is he : free' from their' friendly care ' than ; he : is found again wallowing in 'his mire:- It is, not with the, '.swine that we find fault, but- with 'the': masters; of 1 the swine. Freeman ' is the paymaster. Freeman gets '.' the gain." Ho doubt, since the: Express appeared Freeman is rather driven to his wits to get ends to meet. The Archbishop's " paper," since it became the " authorized organ of Catholic opinion and news," has cast Freeman into the shade and taken -away a good many of the coDDcra that used to fee " Pasquin;" The swine therefore must work all the more among the, low Irish to get- gain for : the masters, else tho feeing will- fall off. , What better chance, therefore, since oyster shop robbery won't pay just now, than that "Pasquin" should.. rob; clergymen of their good name and reputation, for the pleasure of the low Irish who may have a few coppers to spare ? - Accordingly "Pasquin" started with a swine like assault on the Rev. Mr. Dowie. We have told the public how, with falsehood and malice,- he got access to the rev. gentleman's house ; and how, with a baseness which ought to have made Freeman ashamed, he libelled Mr. Dowie. with falsehood and scur rility. ' But the exposure was like the washing of the swine ; the hog nature remains in "Pas quin;" and so' wo find him again engaged in his low and brutal attacks. His victim is now Pastor Allen, Mr. Allen has good reason to feel in sulted that a wretch like this should make sport of him for a few coppers. No' doubt he will feel; that so gross a libel as that which Freeman has ' published ought , to be punished. But what would be the use ? Suppose " Pas quin " were to get six months for. liis. pains, the Queen's hominy would not change a swine into a creature of a higher sort ; and then, suppose Freeman were to be convicted of a false and malicious libel, what would bo the use ? It would probably be found, at the present crisis of Freeman's affairs, that the type and presses were under a bill of sale, or. made over to the wife, after the' approved fashion of such Papal disciples, who learn from Liguori and the, other doctors of the Church, that falsehood and false insolvencies may be very Christian 1 Mr. Allen will not be hurt by, the wretched villany, of " Pasquin "'and Freeman. The public are now quite aware of the moral standing of both. Their abuse and scurrility are no reproach. Who; that htw any respect for himself would nofrrather be the object of their- malice 'than of their favour ?— There is one thing, Vhowevbr,: in " Pasquin's " libel On Mr. Allen which calls for notice. It appears that Pastor Allen's chapel is in a low part of the city. It appears that a'lot of Chinamen live near, by.' It appears that the rest of the' neighbourhood is made up of the lowest of the low who live in squalor, tilth, and crime. This is said as a reproach to,' Pastor Allen.' And it is said that Pastor Allen lias not much improved the neighbourhood. Perhaps lie has not ; nor would the 'neighbourhood be-much improved if " Pasquin;"- " Grey Harold," "Pil grim," and / the whole tribe ' of such sculking wretches were the' lodgers or householders. Why? because, if tho Chinamen be. excepted, who are perhaps, in their own Way very decent and sober people, nine-tenths of the neighbour hood will bo found to be the " faithful " of St. Mary's or St. Francis' ; the faithful readers, if they can-read, of Freemaiinnd. Pasquin and the 'beloved followers of Dr. -Vaughari and Vicar Sheridan! It shows a good : deal of moral courage on the part of Pastor Allen to have his chapel in: the midst of suoh Papal squalor and holiness in rags and misery. ! But bow could a poor heretic improve ; such a. neighbourhood,- of Papal blessedness ?. Does not. " Pasquin " know, how many bottles of holy wator are kept in : those wretched cabins to scare away tiie devil from them ? Docs he not know, that all the, : dirty ragged larrikin children that are running1 about have had the holy finger 'and thumb of; Dr. Vaughan upon them;' and that by means of holy clirismthey have had the devil cast out of them, and that they have all received the seven; gifts of the . Holy; Ghost ? Blessed ; neighbour hood 'Thereis none so Papally favoured in all: the city. In every one of tho broken down cabins and squalid hovels- to which '" Pasquin " refers, there will be found a holy cross, a bottlo of holy water, a piece of the last- given ' out palms, a rosary, a scapular of the blessed Lady and a piece of tho tooth of St. Lawrence O'Toole. " Squalor ! " — it is not squalor, but Popish holiness. Dirt ! — it is not dirt, bnt the cleanness of saints who delight in vermin. Rags !— they are not rags, but remnants of clothes : which the blessed Ligouri would have been proud to wear. And, poverty ! — it is not poverty, but the virtuous self-denial of holy- Papists, who,- by- having little of this world's goods, are hoping to bo very rich in blessings when they get out of purgatory — if ever !;- it is astonishing that Freeman and " Pasquin," in their malice,' shoulcl'call : on thc heretic Allen to " improve " a neighbourhood ; so signally : blessed with Papal fruits and moral accomplish ments ! Both of them, too, overlooked, in their malice, that- tho holy Father Sheridan lives in the same neighbourhood, only over tho way 1 That reverend, learned, and accomplished Father is a "model" of Papal perfection, and a centre of : beautiful influences for the sweetening of ' the neighbourhood which " Pasquin " says is " corrupt and stinking ! " As Pastor Allen looks across to tho "elegant mansion ", of Vicar Sheridan, to which, at certain seasons, the people from: the cabins and huts and squalid shelters aforesaid flock, to get rid: of their -sins and crimes by- holy confession, ancl from which they carry away " good consciences " and "holy water, lie cannot hut feel : envious '.and"- dis contented;1 It is" not a" .f ' bbgrimmed mansion," but ono of splendid proportions, indicative of tlic intellectual taste of the accomplished Father ! > -No wonder that the neighbourhood is Papally blessed, when Father Sheridan is the centre of attraction in it ; and Pastor -Allen — the horrid heretic— is only settled on tho out- skirls I— Besides the sanctifying: influence of Vicar Sheridan. ' there is tho powerful influence of those " shops" where "Pasquin" spends many a happy hour, looking outfor oysters and golden watches which he may steal, if oppor- ,tiinity he offered. There aro about half-a-dozen such: houses of spiritual aud " Papistical'! in fluence in the neighbourhood; all kept, doubt less, by "faithful Papists," aud sheep of Vicar Sheridan. " Pasquin " is quite at homo in such places : he is better acquainted with - tho sort of .people who frequent: such places than with the people who attend a "Baptist chapel." " Water ' is too much - esteemed an article in 1 such a chapel for " Pasquin." The " P.B." olemcnt ' is more- appreciated by such a gaol- , bird. Had he gone south a few paces, he would -have- found tho " warm chapel " of St. -Francis, which is litcraily surrounded by public-houses ; : and tho miserable, squalid crowd of . " faithful " to: be seen about the .doors is the best testimony to tho ' ' efficacy of : holy water and wafers in which ' unprincipled Freeman and his swine Pasquin put their trust. Pastor Allen does in tho comparison ! Pastor : OMaiquy Sails— By the mail just arrived wb have -letters from Pastor Chiniquy, written just as he went on board the steamer to sail for America. He requests to be romem- bered to all the dear friends in New South, Wales who so heartily co-operated with him and sympathised with his labours., He states that his success in New Zealand was. most encourag ing.. The result of his lectures was £1000 : aud: the result from books £000. He left Now Zea land in good health, and full of comfort, in tbo , hope of meeting his family again after an' absence of nearly two years. We wish him a safe -journey and a welcome home. ; Entertainment.— On the evening of Tues day, ,13th instant, a very interesting' and: instructive entertainment was given in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, Wavorly ; the subject being ''Courtship and Matrimony." Mr. W. Thomas, in his usual happy stylo, deli vored a very practical and-'- appropriate address on the subject. A number of well-chosen recitations wero given, and : several; select songs ably rendered by the choir, under tho leadership of Mr. ,W. Rossbach. The capacious schoolroom was oro.wdod with a very attentive audience. At the close, Alderman Green proposed, and Mr. W. Green seconded a vote of thanks to Mr. Thomas and the ladjes and gentleman who had Erovided tho entertainment, which was carried y acclamation. Mr. Thomas, in reply, stated tho intention of himself and friends to provide a series of similar, entertainments during the winter months. The proceedings were brought to a close by singiug the National Authcm. Larry Doolan- — Wo thank you for your advice,1 which could be of no use to any but ourselves, and is therefore not useful for publication. Wherever we see a people acting a part " loyal brave and' generous " we will be forward to commend them.: Where they, prove themselves the contrary, there is no truth in calling them so. No doubt in every nation there will be found enough of individual brutality and vice. ! England has its share ; but the English people always, sympathise with law, and their sympathies are always against the lawbreaker and the brutal. Tho efforts Of the police are necessary to save tho culprit from the anger of the people. Among the Biddies and the Micks on the contrary, tho poople go with the criminal; ' and shield him. They would be "loyal, generous, and brave " if freo from the slavish yoke of tho Vatican. " Under its shade the generous impulses Wither,; and wrecking of schools, mobbing of Scripturo readers, shooting innocent people, clamorous suppresssion of freo speech, idleness, dirt, and ignorance flourish. Not only in Ireland, but in every land theso distinctions prevail. . Missing Friend 'Wanted.— Friends in Ireland write us to make enquiry for Mr. : Andrew Kernaghan, -brassfoundcr, who left Belfast about four years ago, and came to this colony. If anyone can' give: us information about this: "missing friend;", we shall he obliged on behalf of tho folks at home. r " Ben Bruco."— Wc have to acknowledge, receipt of a copy of this short, hut lively, and ' spirited' song, as sung at the International Ex-, hihition, '; with great success." The words and air are, the " work of our friend " Amicus," author , of .the well-knov?n and very popular j>iece,' " A dxance Australia Fair the accom- paiiiement is 'the work of Mr. Charles Packer. : We" have ho doubt that ; this song will -have a 'good run, amoiig the popular concerts of tho ; colony. ' "': " ' English telegrams say that the Queensland 4: per cent, loan of -£2,000,000 proved a great success, and was subscribed three times over. 