BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK i LETTER. On Tuesday last I -was leaning against one of the granite pillars of the new PoBt-Office refleoting what a mighty nation ve would be in 1989, when suddenly I received a violent blow on the back that nearly k uooked the breath out of me. I looked up and a tall, lean, lank, white-headed specimen of humanity stood before me, apparently aix feet two in liis stockings ; he held a newspaper in his hand, and looting me-intently in the face, said, " Mister, what: is the affinity between razors and. niggers?'*: "I suppose*" I replied, " that niggers being frequently barbers, use razors in the exercise of their business. "Any relation between barbar and barbarian," said he.- " J don't know," I replied. " Then look at that,", he said, handing me the paper that lie held,.andtl^remwa&Jrecounted; how Joseph Simmons on the jujglit' before had mad£ mince-meat of William York with a razor. I don't ,know, but itmaybe doing my oplorgd brothw injustice, buttasuch a pitch has this habit attained that the impression has gone abroad thpt e.veiy citizen ofAfrican de scent walks around with a razor in bis boot or his breeches. Of . course in the affray be tween SimnioHS'-ttnd York there was a sable fairy in the^case, ai}d. the difference of opinion between these rrvEtldaliiea with re gard to the immaculate character of the lady cod; Mr. York his left ear fend-a Valuable slice of his nasal organ. Mr. York was at a decided disadvantage, as Simmons was the only'one provided with a razor, and the result was, that when he got through with Mr: Yprk,he looted as though he.chad been used by some anatomical demonstrator for the enlightenment of a medical college. During the past siiBioBths there havfe "been no less than twenty or thirty ren&thnters; between negroes, .in which th& razor has been used with terrible effect, and in three or four inBfanoesdeathhas resulted from these affrays. Only a few days ago a jealous negro lover, who had been deserted by his miatress, met her in the street, and rushing up to her threw oneann arotutd her waist, an& With the other drew a razor across her throat, nearly severing her head from her body; ind only a few days before a negro] ruffian, whqhad just been discharged from the Stated, prison, while engaged in a-drunken brawl in one of the Thompson-streeet dene, made a miscellaneous attack with a razor on the assembled crowd, and when he got through there were thirteen wounded men and women, and the floor of the room looked like the interiorof a slaughter house. Something must be done to suppress the razor, and keep it exclusively for shaving purposes, or else we may have to get up a sort of annual Zulu sacrifice, and slaughter the darkies that use them. Brooklyn was enlivened this "week by s church fair at the Talmage Tabernacle. The resources of this eccentric preacher are mar vellous ; almost every other day Sfcme adroit enemy supposes he has laid hhn on his back, when hey,'prestd7" change!" like a good cat he | lands on his legs, and such legs, and before ! they kn&w; where they are, he has their scalps .hanging at his belt- like onions, twenty in a rojff. .The^ present fair .is one of ..the most brilliant that Brooklyn l*as seen.fpr years. The decorations were superb, and thd music up to the standard of the Tabernacle. Of course there was Rebeceaat the Well, Ruth and the Reapers, Mizpah, Rachel, and lots of other female angels, that make a fellow wish that he had lived three or four thousand years ago; in addition to the other attractions, there was a fine art collection, which, though small, was equal in character to the best of our Fall exhibitions. If anybody up your way imagines that the Brooklyn Presbytery has either killed or maimed brother Talmagne, you can tell them that he is about the liveliest ghost that everyet.was seen. The Tabernacle • is crammed to suffocation whenever its doors are open, and the brethren don't appear to be at. all alarmed if the great preacher, like the apostle Paul, did " take a little drop for the stomach sake," while in England. A week ago there was a terrible excitement in the vicinity of Central P^*k, with regard to a fearful outrage which was_said to hare been committed on the daughte^of an Irish laborer, by one of the workmen in the Park. The story was that he had -iept- the injured: innocent locked- up?in the sheep pen for three - days,, after which she succeeded in escaping, to her home. The story circulated in a hun dred different ways, and a band of outraged, residents was formed for the' purpese of lynching the-brute whohad been guilty of. so heinous a crime; but "when' the matter came to be examined by the Park Commis sioners, the little girl who was outraged, was found to stand nearly five feet ten, and to torn the scale at nearly fourteen stone, while the villainous assailant was about four feet eight, and would scarcely scale for a feather weight in the prize ring. After a searching investigation, the Park Commissioners came to the conclusion that the person who was said to have committed the outrage was guilt; of gross impropriety, which made his retention in our Park forces undesirable, so the sanguinary ruffian and despoiler of female innocence gets no more a dollar and a quarter a day from the. treasury of tbe City of New York. Notwithstanding the protest of our honored Secretary of State, 250 Mormons were landed last week upon our shores. American prose lytes would not keep the institution on its _leg8 for a single year; but hordesrof disciples "from Norway, Sweden, Finland, England, and Wales seem to have given MormoiiBSm a new lease of life. We: Lave bo much domestic villainy to look after tliat tbearrival of these saints does not cause a ripple upon the sur face of our eveiy day life. New York is not a good place for country ministers, or when they do come to town they should get some one to take change of them for a small compensation, and then they might escape the perils that beset the way of the Rev. James A. Paige of Rushville, Illinois. - Of all men in the world, one would imagine that the respected pastor of the First Presbyterian Church of Ruslmlle would be the last to be caught by the ".little -joker " in New York ; ' yet such, I griere to say, is the faet. The Rev. James A. Paige came here to look after some missionary matters connsicted}' fbelieve, with the evangelization of- Africans' eu the Congo. While walking down Broadway, re flecting on the best me&as; for the advance . ment of Christi&h; workj hfe' fell intertlie%ands of the Philistines, and in. lesS "time than it would take to say Jack, much less Robinson, a couple of New York sharps' had gone through his. reverence - to the tune, of forty dollars. WBen they had got ajl his monety the crew ran away, and left the clergyman bewildered at his .loss. . JKe went to the ppUpe office,- &ud; lodged His complaint, and in a little while all the thieves were_captured, and'fully identified by tbe Rev. James A. Paige, from Illinois. But his troubles had only just commenced, for the thieves were immediately bailed by their friends, while the Rev. James A. Paige, from Illinois, was locked up as a, witness, there to remain for two months atleasfc until the trialshall take place, when, it is- more than probable, the thieves will be acquitted. Last wed was celebrated in Brooklyn by the breaking up of Mike Hennissy's gang of burglars, which for several weeks has-kept South Brooklyn in a state of feverish alarm. A few days ago they attempt* d a burglary at a drug store on Atlantie-street. Defiebted in the act by the druggist; who had just returned, one of the the thieves jumped through aplate glass door, and, although terribly cut, escaped. The detectives, however, took the job in hand, and it resulted in the arnest of Heiimssv and several members of the gang; and, as a large amoxit of stolen property was-found upon his premises, it is to be hoped' that he may be returned to his old quarters in States prison, from which he was recently released by the mistaken clemenoy of Governor Robinson. A stowaway was discovered on one of the European steam rs, who for ten days had been > without food or water. When discovered he had gnawed his clothes to pieces, aud even the woodwork near him. The sight was sickening, and in spite of every effort to save him the poor fellow di?d. 