MINING MEETINGS. The following cominanies will hold their half-yearly meetings at Mr R. H. Price's office, York-street, as under :-Tasmania Gold Mininig and Quartz, Cruihing Co., 27th inst., at 4p.m.; New. Native Youth Gold Mining Co., 28th inst., at 4 p.m.; and City of Launceston Gold Mining Co., 28th inst., at 7.30 p.m. PROFESSOR PEPPER.-This gentleman gave the second of; his series of lectures entitled ",Light and Optics" at the Mechanics'Institute last evening, at which there was a fair attendance. The Profes sor commenced by alluding to) the logic of science, and by a series of very simple experiments, aided by iodine and mercury, showed how colour was affected by light. Ee then illustrated how by the depth of shadows the illuminating power of lamps cohld be accurately ascertained, using an argand lamp' of particular make for the occasion, arid for the amusement of the audience' he introduced some dancing skeletbins besides some very pretty designs in colours, etc. The' shadow pantomine, which "was invented by the Professor inmany years ago, was also exhibited, and shadows in many fantastic shapes and attitudes appeared before the audience, eliciting much laughter. 'Some instructive remarks and. eerinments on the' laws of reflection? were' then ' delivered, during which the Professor explained the manner in which "The Ghbst" was raised,' aiid took the opportunity of re lating a most humburous incident which occurred to a 'gamekeeper, who shot a ghost,' and after doing so lost his head, and would not believe but that he had shot ,a human; being, so lifelike wab the ghost depicted. The oxy-hydrogen kaleidoscope' was' then brought into use, and by: the insertion of a key, comb, and feather at various 'times into the slide, the Professor produced several" most curious figures, ultimately ending in a form'ealled thie "cabinet of jewels." The last' experiment, 'which closed the' first portion of the programme, was to show how light can be reflected from liquids ab well as solids. In this 'case a stream of water was allowed to: pass out of a tank, and as it 'descended into' a tub beneath, it shone like molten: mietal,' the colour changing frequently, according to the colour of the slide which was' inserted.' The Professor concluded his lecture 'with illustrations of a visit to cloudland, and showed the "various kinds "`of balloons which 'had' been in use since they were 'first' inveoited, and also depicted the daniers to' which aeronaits were exposed! To-night there will' be a' thorough' change of prograinme',' when" the electric light 'will be fully lectured oi and exhibited. ' ENdLIII Cnrcus.-Mr Stoke Stubbs, the' &ant; courier of the Enrglish" Circuis which; is now playing in the country districts on its way from the 'capital, arrived 'by express ' train yester day to make arrangements for a season at Launceston,. to commence on Monday 'next. The co~ipia4y numbers the well-known"' equestrians,' -Madame Ca therine, W.'Hayes, and -J. S.BiLeopold, four clowns, and other performers. .AN, ExPLANATION.-Our .readers will hhavenoticed that .l?rrJ;s B ob irk'ihas beesi appointd "'rofficial agent"; for ithe eastern 'acid`: esterna mining districte This'aimply einables hiini to act as ihedoes La at present in do sanny' est'ates" under Ithe BankruptcyAatl-astruatee for any miuinig; conpanies which are in course of being wound up or liquidated. AN UNPLEASANT CASE.-We understand that a very. se?ous charge of larceny has beenfpreferred against a lady holding a rveryrespectabl& psipo tibn in this town, and that the case will probably come 'before the:Police:Court in-a:'day'or' two. A number of articles are said to have been stolen from where the person was lodging some months ago, but until the matter takes a more definite form. we withhold details. PunLic, BATrs.-Tenders are invited A' until 4 p.m. on Monday next by the .a Municipal Council for the erection of public baths at the Fisherman's Creek, in accordance with plans and specifications r, *to be seen at the office of Mr Harry r Conway, Brisbane-street. MISCELLANEOUs.-~Tenders are invited by the Municipality, of, Longford for the supply of police clothing.-The first meet ing of creditors in the estate of J. P. Dooley, of Emn Bay, will be' held at the Registrar's Chambers, on the 2nd prox., c at 11 a.m.-A Court of Revision for the districts of Cambridge and Richmond will v be held on the 2nd prox., itt 11 am. DELORAINE. - An institution service will be held in St. Mark's Church; Delor aine, on Friday next, at 11.30 a.m.., whell the Rev. J. Evans will be instituted to the cure by the Ven. Archdeacon. The clergy are invited to'attend.'. MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE, Co.-It is I notified that the offices' of 'this Company \- have been removed from Brisbane-street i to St. John-street, corner.of the Quadrant: SRExovA~.-Messrs 'Taylor Bros. an 1 nounce that they have removed from their previous offices 'to those centrally situated premises inBrisbane-street,lately occupied by the Mutual Insuranice Company, and immediately adjoining Messrs Irvine and :McEacliern's.' Arrangements have been 3 made for the necessary storage, so that I grain and other produce will be received as usual. ' . --. CAMPBELLT TOWN.- At the' Police Court; 'Campbell Town, on Monday, before Alex. © Finlay, .Esq.; 'J:'P., 'Sub-Inspector Palmer was charged, on the information of Mr F. A. Padfield, with having coma mitted perjury in 'the' case against Mr a Palmer heard on 12th inst.. Mrs R. B. Miller appeared for' the" piosecution, but after several witnesses had bien examined, the Bench'said" that' up ?to the p'pesent time not a single fact material to the issue had been adduced; and' as Mr ?Miller r admitted his other witnesses could only cofriifii'the previous evidenice the' case Swas 'disinissed.' We have received a 'full reportof the proceedings from outr'dwn a correspondent, which we are compelled to a hold over till next issue. ? . o EDUCATiONAL.-The Miqses Murray's ', pupils resume their scholastic duties to r 'day.' " 0 MIDLAND AORICULTURt A AssOCIcATION. , -The annual meetiig -of members of this society will be held at the Caledonian e Inn, Campbell Town, to day, when.new rules 'will be suggested and oflice bearers for the ensuing year Will be appointed. NORTHERN AGRIOULTURAL SOCIETY. The annual meeting of members of this n society will be held at the Blenheim Hotel, n Longford, to-day, for the purpose: of receiving the annual report and for the ir election of officers for the ensuing year. it An Exchange says:-Every newspaper e office 'should have a'.mall.room fitted up 10 especially for orators; where 'those' who 7 must talk can go and do theiielves justice without disturbing thosolwho wis P to write. s UITY BAND.-The weekly promenade \- concert of the City Band will be given in sr the grounds of the Invalid Depot to 2, morrow ev6ning; commencing at the usual ta hour. These. concerts are always given .n upon the'Thursdayjin each week, unless some special reason interferes, but'. due 3e notice of :aiy alteration will be given. ' \- CIRacuAR HEAD.'-O-ir Stanley corres e, pondent writes:-The Rose Brothers have le been amusing the people 'of Stanley by 3d their clever performances. They gave two entertainments 'in Ithe Reading Room. The first night the hall was full, the second night it- was crowded. The manners of ir the performers were pleasing and gentle ,'s manly, and the entertainment the best of ia the kind. They do not profess to believe ,, in spiritualism, but perform tricks more th wonderful than those for which) 'the spiritualists claim supernatural aid. It is seldom' that first-class professionals pay us a visit, but the patronage accorded'to the Rose Brothers shows that it might be an worth their while to do so.' es ACCIDENT. - A man named James he Langley, residing at Pattersonia, while ch driving a wagon' along Brisbane-street ss yesterday morning to which four horses ic were attached, met with a severe accident sle by which his right'leg was broken;' It'ap ry, pears that 'on reaching 'the Volunteer It. Hotel, the leading horses of tlhe teani of became somewhat restive, and Langley ps ran forward to seize their heads, and an while doing so, by some means missed his he footing, which he was unable to recover; he the consequence was that he fell down ng and the.wagon passed over his leg. Con ns stable Mahon, who.happened to be pass e, ing at the time, called.,a car, into which or tho.sufferer was lifted and was then con nd veyed to the General Hospital. .' nd 'A STaEerT:FRAc s.-An unpleasant dis :e turbance between two .recent 'arrivals to ve the colony, in which a public officer interl we fered, took place in St. John-street id, yesterday morning. We understaind that hea difference of opinion on private aftfairs ras had taken place between the two visitors', re- and they met by 'accident in St. Johni ch street, when a quarrel took place, and onb a gave the other a severe horsewhipping. d, The public oflicer referred to instead of a trying to smooth the. matter over, madb rai matter'is worse, by assauilting one of the en parties.- It is probable the affair wiill no't me, rest here,' and that further prodeeding~s nd will be taken in the course of a few days; le, in fact, summonses have already been )t issued against two of the parties' a WEDDING PRESENTS.--Asplendid assort;innt he of drawing-room, dining-room, and hall oolcks, prt suitable for weddinig presents, has just been mui Spacked at the establishment of Mrs M. ALLEN, Brisbane-street, opposite the La?coeston Hotel. \--(Advt.) of Nominations for Tasmanian Turf Club Races k, close on Tuesday next. WV. D. LANDAL, Holi. it Secrbtary. . THnoAT AFFEoTIONS AND HOAnSENESS.-All r suffering from hirritation of the throatand hourse he nes will be a·eeaibly ' surprised at the almost d. immediate relief afforded by the usoof "Brown's th Bronchial Troches.' ?; These famous :lozenges ad are now sold by most respectable chemists'at Il lid per box. . People troubled with.a" hackinm na cough," "aslight cold," or bronchial affections, re cannot try them too' soon, ,s. siilar 'ti?nbles, he if allowed to progress, result in:: seriouh' pul d monary and asthmatic affeotion. See that the words '' Brown's Bronchial Troohes" are on the Government stamp around- each box.- ·-Manu factured by JOHN 'I. BROWN'& ONs, Bost~on, United States. Depot, 493, Oxford- st.; London. s VALUABLE DIaScOVERY'FOR THE HAIR.-If ms your hairis turning grey or;white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Renewer," for it seiU positively rcstore in every case Gre!y or WYhit hair to its original color, without leaving the r- disagreeable smell .'of most "Restorers. 'In makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well at sn promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, me wsere the glands are not decayedi. Ask your a Chemist?lor ' THEi IEXIYA HAIRk RENEwER,', Sprepared by HEiNiRn O. GALLUOP, 493 Oxford street, London, and sold by Chemists and Per umers everywhere at 8s 64 per bottle.-(Advt. 