-"Romantic Story of a Noble English Family.» ' ' In our issue,of 31st ultimo we published a ' short narrative under the above heading. W,e I now give insertion to the following, in .many respects exceedingly amuBing, collection of par- ticulars, and documents which' appeared i in 'Scribner for September, 1879, under then title "Documents in the Case." , PART FIRST. Document No. I. [Paragraph from the Ilhistratcd london News, published under the head of " Obituary of Eminent PerSonB," in the íbbub of January 4, 1879 :] SIR WILLIAM bfauvoir, bart. Sir William Beauvoir, Bart., whose lamented death has just occurred at Brighton, on Decem- ber 28, was the head and representative of the junior branch of the very ancient and honorable family of Beauvoir, and was the only son of the late General Sir William Beauvoir, Bart., by his 'wife Anne, daughter of Colonel Doyle, of Chela worth Cottage, Suffolk. "Ho was born in 1805, and was educated at Eton and Trinity Hall, Cambridge. He was M.P. for Lancashire from 1837 to 1847, and was appointed a Gentleman of the Privy Chamber in 1843. Sir William married in 1826, Henrietta Georgiana, fourth daughter of the Right Honorable Adolphus Liddell, Q C., by whom he had two sons, William Beauvoir and Oliver Liddell Beauvoir. The latter was with his lamented parent when he died. Of the former nothing has been heard for nearly thirty years, about which time he left England suddenly for America. It is supposed that he went to California, shortly after the dis- covery pf gold. ' Much forgotten gossip will now in all probîbly be revived, for the will of the lamented baronet has been proved, on the 2nd instant, and the personalty Bworn under £70,000. The two sons aro appointed executors. The estate in Lancashire is left to the elder, and the rest is divided equally between the brothers. The doubt as to the career of Sir William's eldest son must now of course be cleared up. This family of BeauvoirB is of Normal), ¿eacent and of great antiquity. This, ia the younger branch, found.oi }u tlîa last century by Sir William Beauvoir, Bart, who was Chief Justice 'of the Canadas, whence' he was granted the punning arms and motto now borne by Mb descendants,-a beaver sable rampant on a field gules ; motto, " Damno." PART SECOND. Documents Nos. 2-4.* [Promises to pay, put forth by William Beauvoir, Junior, at various times in 1818 :] I O U £105 Os. Od. April 10th, 1S4S. William Beauvoir, junr. Document No. 5. [Extract from the Sunday Satirist, a journal of high-life, published in London, May 13th, 1848 :] Are not oar hereditary lawmakers and the members of our families the guardians of the honor of this realm ? One would not think so to see the reckless gait at which some of them go down the.road to ruin. Tho D-e of D-m and the E-1 of B-n and L-d Y-g,-are not these pretty guardians of a nation's name ? Q,uis custodicl 1 etc. Guardians, forsooth, parce qu'ils se sont donnes la peine de naitrc I Some of the gentry make the running as well as their betters. Young W-m B-r, Bon of old Sir W-m B-r, late M.P. for L-e, is truly a model young man. He comes of a good old county family,-his mother was a daughter of the Right Honorable A-s L-1, and he himself is old enough to know better. But we hear of his escapades night after night, and day after day. Ho bets all day and ho playB all night, and poor tired nature has to make the best of it. And his poor worn purse gets the worst of it. He has duns by the score. His I 0 U's are held by every Jew in the city. Ho is not content with a little gentlemanlike game of whist or écarté, but he must needs revive for his especial use and behoof the dangerous and well nigh forgotten pharaoh. As luck would have it, he has lost as much at this game of brute chance as ever he would at any game of skill. His judgment of horse flesh is no better than his luck at cards. He came a cropper over the " Two Thousand Guineas." The victory of the favorite cost him to the tune of over £6000. We learn that he hopes to recoup himself on tho Derby, by backing Shylock for nearly £9000 ; one bet was 1200 guineas. And this is the sort of man who maybe chosen at any time by force of family interest to make laws for the toiling millions of Great Britain ! Document No. 6. [Extract from Bell's Life of May 19,1848 :] THE DERBY DAT. Wednesday.-This day, like its predecessor, opened with a cloudless sky, and the thront; which crowded the avenues leading to the grand scene of attraction'was, as we have elsewhere re« marked, incalculable. THE DERBT. . The Derby States 'of 50 Bom each, h ft for three-year olds; colts, 8st 21b; the second to receive 100 soys., and the winner to pay 100 sovs. towards police, eta ; milo and a-h&lf; on the new Derby connie ; 216 Bubs. Lord Clifdon'e b. a Sorplioo, by Touchetone .. 1 Mr. Bowe'ab c Spring Jack, by Hetmnm .. .. 2 Mr. B Green's br. o. Shylock, by Simoon .. .. 3 Mr. Payne's b o. Glendower, by Slaue .. .. 0 Mr. J. P. Day's h. c. HllDesporandnm, by Venison .. 0 Document No. 7. [Paragraph of Shipping Intelligence from the Zhcrpool Courier of June 21, 1848 :] The barque Euterpe, Captain Riding, belonging to the Transatlantic Clipper Line of Messra, Judkins and Cooke,' left the Mersey yesterday afternoon, bound for New York. She took out the usual complement of steerage passengers. The firBt officer's cabin íb occupied by Professor Titus Peebles, M.R.C.S., M.R.G.S., lately instruc- tor in metallurgy at the University of Edin- burgh, and Mr. William Beauvoir. Professor Peebles, we are informed, has an important scientific mission in the States, and will not re- turn for six months. Document No. 8. [Paragraph from the 2V*. Y. Herald of September 9,18)8:1 While we _ well know that the record of vice and dissipation can never be pleasing to the refined tastes of the cultivated denizena of the metropolis, yet it may be of interest to those who enjoy the fascinating study of human folly and frailty to " point a moral or adorn a tale " from the events transpiring in our very midst. Such as these will view with alarm the sad example afforded the youth of our city by the dissolute career of a young sprig of aristocratic affectation and patrician profligacy, recently arrived in this city. This young gentleman's (save the mark!) name is Lord William F. Beauvoir, the latest scion of a venerable and wealthy English family. We print the full name of this beautiful exemplar of "haughty Albion," although be first appeared among our citizens under the eiias of Beaver, by which name he is »ow generally known, although recorded on the books of the Astor House by the name which our enterprise first gives to the public. Lord .Beauvoir's career since hie arrival here has been one of unexampled extravagance and mad im- morality. His dayB and nights have been passed in tie gilded palaees of the fickle goddess Fortuno, in Thomas-street and College-place, where he hoe squandered fabulous sums, by pome stated to amount to over £78,000 sterling. It is satis- factory to know that retribution has at lost over taken him. His enormous income has been ex- hausted to the ultimate farthing, and at latest accounts ho had quit the city, leaving behind him, ifc ia shrewdly suspected, a large hotel bill, though no suoh admission can be extorted from his last landlord, who is evidently a sycophantic cdulatorof British "aristocracy," Document No. 9. [Certificate of deposit, usually known as a pawn« \- ticket,- issued "by one Simpson to -Winiam Beauvoir, December 2,1848 :] John Simpson, Loan Office, 36 Bowery, New York. December 2,184S. ? ' Dolls. Cts. One Gold Hunting-case Walch and Chain, 150 00 William Beauvoir. Not accountable in case of fire, damage, moth, robbery, breakage, &c.; 25% per ann. Good for 1 year only. > Document No 10. [Letter from the late John Pheonix, found among the posthumous papers of the late John P. Squibob, and promptly published in the San Diego Herald':] Off the Coast of Florida, January 3, 1840: My Dear Squib,-I imagine your pathetic enquiry ob to my whereabontB-pathetic, not to say hypothetic-for I am now where I cannot hear the dulcet Btrains of your voice. I am on board ship. I am half seas over. I am hound for California by way of the Isthmus. I am going for the gold, my boy, the gold. In the meantime I am lying around loose on the deck of this magnificent vessel, the Mercy G. Tarbox, of Nantucket. The Mercy G. is one of the best boats of Nantucket, and Captain Clearstarch is one of the best captaius all «lung shore although, friend Squibob, I feel sure that you are about to observe that a captain with a name like that would give any one the blues. But don't do it, Squib ! Spare me this once. But as a matter of fact this ultramarine joke of yours ia about east. It was blue on the Mercy G.-mighty blue, too. And it needed the inspiring hope of the gold I was Boon to pi k up to stiffen my back-bone to a respectable degree of rigidity. I was about ready to wilt. But I disçoverod two Englishmen on board, opd now I get along all right, Gne ot them is a chemist or metallurgist, or something scientific. The other is a gentleman. The chemist or metallurgist or something scientific is Professor Titus Peebles, who is going out to prdspect for gold. He feels sure that bis professional training will give him the inside track in the gulches and gold mines. He is a smart chap. He invented the celebrated " William Riley Baking Powder"-bound to rise up every time, i So much for the chemist or metallurgist or something scientific. The gentleman and I get on better. Híb name is Beaver, which he per- sists in spelling Beauvoir. Ridiculous, isn't it ? How easy it is to see that the English have never had the advantage of a good common school education. Here's a man who don't know how to spell his own name. And this shows how the race over there on the little island is degenerating. It waB not so in other days. Sbakspeare, for instance, not only knew how to spell his own name, but-and this is another proof of his superiority to his contem- poraries-he could spell it in fifty different ways. This Beaver his a clever fellow, and we get on first rate together. He is going to California for gold-like the rest of us. But I think he has had his share-and spent it. At any rate he has not much now. I have an idea that ho has been going pretty fast-and mostly down hill. But he has his good points. Ho ia a gentleman all through, as you can see. Yea, friend Squibob,' even you could see right through him. We are all going to California together, and I wonder which one of tho three will turn up trumps first. -Beaver, or the chemist, metallurgist or some- thing scientific, or yours respectfully, John Phcenix. P.S.-You think this a Btupid letter, perhaps, and not interesting. JuBt reflect on my sur- roundings. Besides, the interest will accumulate a good while bofoio you get the missive.-J. P. Document No. 11. [Extract from the "Bone Gulch Palladium," June 3,1850.] Our readers may remember how frequently wo have declared our firm belief iii the future un- exampled prosperity of Bone Gulch. VVe Baw it in the immediate future the metropolis of the Pacific Slope, as it was intended by nature to be. We pointed out repeatedly that a time would come when Bone Gulch would be an emporium of the arts oiid sciences nîkl of the best society, even moro than it is now. VVe foresaw the time when the best men from the old cities of the East would como Hocking to ub, passing with contempt tho puny settlement of Deudhoise. But even we did not so soon aee that membera of the aristocracy of the effete monarchies of de- spotic Europe would acknowledge the undeniable advantages of Boiie Gulch, and come here to stay permanently and forever. Withiti the post week we have received here Hoñ. William Beaver, ofie of the first men of Great Britain and Ireland, a statesman, ail orator, a soldier, and ail extensive traveller. Ho has come to Bone Gulch, sb the best spot ofi the face of the everlasting universe. It is Heedless to say that our prominent citizens have received him with great cordiality. Bone Gulch is not like Deadhorse. VVe know a gentle mat! when we see one. Hoñ. Mr. Beaver is one of the nature's noble- men ; he is also related to the Royal Family of England. He is a second cousin of the Queen, and boards at the Tower of London with her whefi at home. We are informed that he has frequently taken the Prince of Wales out to ride ifi his baby-wagoñ. We take great pleasure in congratulating Bone Gulch on its latest acquistioQ. And we know Hoñ. Mr. Beaver is sure to get along all right here under the best climate ifi the world and with the noblest men the sun ever Bhoüe on. Document No. 12. [Extract from the Dead Horse Gazette and Courier of Civilisation, of August 26,1850 :] BONEQULCH'S BRITISHER. Bonegulch sits in sackcloth and ashes and coola her mammoth cheek in the breezes of Colorado canyon. The self-Btyled Emporium of the WeBt has lost her British darling, Beaver Bill, the big swell who was first cousin to the Marquis of Buckingham and own grandmother to tho Emperor of China, the same with the biled Bhirt and the low-necked shoes. This curled darling of the Bonegulch ariBtocrat-worshippers paeBed through Dead Horse yesterday, clean bust. Those who remember how the four fingered editor of the Bonegulch "Palladium" pricked up his ears and lifted up his falsetto crow when this lovely specimen of theJBritish Bnob first honored him by striking him for a $ willappreciate the point of the joke. It is Baid that the "Palladium" is going to come out, when it makes its next semi-occasional appearance, in full mourning, with turned rules. For this festive occasion we offer Brother B. the use of our late retired Spanish font, which we have discarded for the new and elegant dress in which we appear to- day, and to which we have elsewhere called the attention of our readers. It will be a change for the " Palladium's " eleven unhappy readers, who are getting very tired of the old type cast for the Concha Mission in 1811, which tries to make up for its lack of w's by a plentiful superfluity of greaser v's. How are you, Brother Biles ? " We don't know a gent when we see him." Ohno(?). Document No. 13. [Paragraph from the New Centreville (late Dead Horse) Evening Gazette, January 2,1858 'J htmeneal high jinks. William Beaver, better known ten years ago as " Beaver Bill," is now a quiet and prosperous agriculturist in the Steal Valley. He was, however, a pioneer in the 1849 movement, and a vivid memory of this fact at times moves him to quit his bucolic labors and come to town. He arrived in New Centreville during Christmas week ; and got married suddenly, but not un- expectedly, yesterday morning. Híb friends took it upon themselves to celebrate the joyful occasion by getting very high on Irish Ike's whisky and serenading the newly-married couple with fish horns, horse-fiddles, and other improvised musical instruments. Six of the participators in this epithalamial serenade, namely, Juan Tanco, Hiram Scuttles, John P. Jones, Hermann Bumgardner, Jean Durant ("Frenchy"), and Bernard M'Ginnis ("Big Barney"), were taken in tow by the police force, assisted by citizens, and locked up over night, to cool their generous enthusiasm in the gloomy dungeons of Justice Skinner's calaboose. Tina morning all were discharged with a reprimand, except Big Barney and Juan Tanco, who, being BtUl drunk, were allotted ten days in default of §10. The bridal pair left this noon for the bride- groom's ranch. Document No. 14. [Extract from the New York Herald, for June 23, 1861 :] THE RED SKINS. A Border War at Last ! INDIAN INSURRECTION 1 Wohen and Children seeking Safett in the Larger Towns HORRIBLE HOLOCAUSTS ANTICIPATED ! Burting the Hatchet-in me White Man's Head. [Special despatch to the New Yoik Herald ] Chicago, June 22, 1861. Great uneasiness exists all along the Indian frontier. Nearly all the regular troopB have be-n withdrawn from the West for service in the South. With the return of the warm weather it seems certain that tbe red-skins will take ad- vantage of the opportunity tims offered, and inaugurate a bitter and vindictive fight nguinst the whites. Rumors come from the agencies that the IndianB are leaving in numbera. A feveriah excitement among them has been easily to be detected. Their poniea are now in good coudition, and forage can be soon had in abund- ance on the prairie, if it is not already. Every- thing points toward a sudden and startling out- break of hostilities. [Special despatch to the Now York Herald ] St. Paul, June 22,1861. The Sinux near here are all in a ferment. Ex- perienced Indian fighters eay the signs of a speedy going on the war-path are not to be mis- taken. No one can tell bow soon the whole frontier will bo in a bloody blaze. The women and children are rapidly coming in from all ex- posed settlements. Nothing overt as yet has transpired, but that the Indians will collide very soon with the settlers is certain. All the troops have been withdrawn. In our defenceless state there íb no knowing how many lives may be loBt before the regimenté of volunteers now, organising can take tfio field, LATER. The War Begun I FIRST BLOOD FOR THE INDIANS. The SoAtriNo Knife and tub Tomahawk at Work Again! [Special despatch to the New York Herald ] Black Wing Agency, June 22, 1S61. The Indians made a sudden and uuexpected attack on the village of Coyote Hill, forty miles from here, last night, nud did much damage be- fore the surprised Bettlers rallied and drove them off. The red-skins met with heavy losses, Among the whites killed aro a man named William Beaver, sometimes called Beaver Bill, and his wife. Their child, a beautiful little girl of two, was carried off by the red rascals. A party has been made up to pursue them. Owing to their taking their wounded with them the trail is very distinct Document No. 15. [Letter from Mrs. Edgar Saville, in San Franoisco, to Mr. Edgar Saville, in Chicago :] Cal. Jardine's MONSTER VARIETY AND DRAMATIC COMBINATION. ON THE ROAD. G. W. K. M'Cullum, Treasurer. Hi. Samuels, Stage-Manager. Jno. Shanks, Advance. No dates filled except with first-class houses. Hall owners will please consider silence a polite negative. San Francisco, January 29,1863. My Dear. Old Man I-Hero wo aro in our Becond week at Frisco, and you will be glad to know playing to steadily increasing biz, having signed for two weeks more, certain. I didn't like to montion it when I wrote you last, but things wore very queer after we left Denver, and " Treasury" was a mockery till we got to Blue foot Springs, which is a mining town, where we showed in the hotel dining-room. Then there was a strike just before the curtain went up. The house was mostly miners in red shirts and very exacting. The Binews were forthcoming very quick my dear, and after that the ghost walked quite regular. So now everything is bright, and you won't have to worry if Chicago doean't do the right thing by you. I don't find this engagement half as disagree- able as I expected. Of course it aint so very nice travelling in a combination with variety talent, but they keep to themselves and we regular professionals make a happy family that Barnum would not be aBhamed of and quite separate and comfortable. We don't associate with any of them only with The Unique Mulli gans wife, because he beats her. So when he is on a regular she sleeps with me. And talking of liquor dear old man, if you knew how glad and proud I was to see you writing so straight and steady and beautiful in your three last letters. 0,1 am sure my darling if the boys thought of the little wife out on the road they wouldn't plague you so with the Enemy. Tell Harry Atkinson this from me, he has a good kind heart but he is the worst of your friends. Every night when I am dressing I think of you at Chicago, and pray you may never go on the way you did that terrible night at Rochester.' Tell me dear, did you look hand- some in Horatio 1 You ought to have had Laertes instead of that duffing Merivale. And now I have the queerest thing to tell you. Jardine is going in for Indians and has secured six very ugly ones. I moan real Indians, not professional. They are hostile Comanshies or something who have just laid down their arms. They had an insurrection in the first year of the War, when the troopB went East, and they killed ' all the settlers and ranchers and destroyed the canyons somewhere out in Nevada, and when they were brought here they had a wee little kid with them only four or five years ,old, but so sweet. They stole her and killed her parents and brought her np for their own in the cunningest little moccasins. She could not speak a word of English except her own name which is Njna. She has blue eyeB and the, loveliest teeth. The ladies here made a great fuss about her and Bent her flowers and worsted afgans, but they did not do anything else for her and left her to ua O dear old man you must let me have her ! You never refused me a thing yet and she is eo like our Avonia Marie that my heart almost breaks when she puts her arms around my neck -she tails me mamma already. I want to have her with us when we get the little farm-and it must be near, that little farm of ours-we have waited for it ao long-and something tells me my own old faker will make his hit soon and be great. You cant tell how I have loved it and hoped for it and how real every foot of that farm is to me. And though I can never see my own darling's face among the roses it will make me so happy to Bee this poor dead mothers pet get red and rosy in the country air. And till the farm comes we shall always have enough for her, without your ever having to black up again as you did for me the winter I was sick my own poor boy. Write me yes-you will be glad when you Bee her. And now love and regarda to Mrs. Barry and all friends. Tell the Worst of Managers that he knows where to find bis leading juvenile for next season. Think how funny it would be for us to play together next year-we haven't done itsince'57 -the third year we were married. That was my first season higher than walking-and now I'm quite an old woman-most thirty dear ! Write me soon a letter like the last one-and send a kias to Nina-our Nina.-Your own girl, Marv. P.S.-He has not worried me since. PART THIRD. Document No. 16. [Letter from Messrs. Tbrostlethwaite, Throstle thwaite, and Dick, Solicitors, Lincoln's Inn, London, England, to Messrs. Hitchcock and Van Rensselaer, Attorneys and Counsellors at Law, 76, Boadway, New York, U.S.A.:] January l8,1879. Messrs. Hitchcock & Van Renssedaer : Gentlemen,-On the death of our late client, Sir William Beauvoir, Bart, and after the read- ing of the deceased gentleman's will, drawn up nearly forty years ago by our Mr. Dick, we were requested by Oliver Beauvoir, EHq., the second son of the late Sir William, to assist him in dis- covering and communicating with his elder brother, the present Sir William Beauvoir, of whose domicile we have little or no information. After a consultati on between Mr. Oliver Beau- voir and Mr. Dick, it was seen that the sole knowledge in our possession amounted substan- tially to this : Thirty years ago the elder son of the late baronet, after indulging in dissipation in every possible form, much to the sorrow of his respected parent, who frequently expressed as much to our Mr. Dick, disappeared, leaving behind him bills and debts of all descriptions, which we, under instructions from air William, examined, audited, and paid. Sir William Beauvoir would allow no search to be made for his erring son, and would listen to no mention of his name. Current gossip declared that ho had gone to New York, where he probably arrived about midsum- mer, 1848. Mr. Oliver Beauvoir thinks that he crossed to the States in company with a distin- guished scientific gentleman, Professor Titus Peebles. Within a year after his departure news came that he had_ gone to California with Pro- fessor Peebles ; this was about the time gold was discovered in the StateB. That the present Sir William Beauvoir did about this time actually arrive on the Pacific coast in company with the distinguished scientific man above mentioned, we have every reason to believe : we have even direct evidence on the subject. A former junior clerk who bad left us at about the same period as the disappearance of the elder son of our late client accosted our Mr. Dick when the latter was in Paris last summer, and informed him (our Mr. Dick) that he (the former junior clerk) was now a resident of Nevada and a member of Con- gress for that county, and in the oourse of con- versation he mentioned that he had seen Profes- sor Peebles and the Bon of our late client in San Francisco, nearly thirty years ago. Other infor- mation we have none. It ought not to be diffi- cult to discover ProfeBBor Peebles, whose scienti- fic attainments have doubtless ere this been re- cognised by the U. S. government. Ab our client leaves the valuable family estate in Iancashire to his elder son and divides the remainder equally between his two soub, you will readily see why we invoke your assistance is discovering the present domicile of the lute baronet's elder son, or ia default thereof io placing in our hands such proof of hie death as may De necessary io establish that lamentable fact in our probate court, Wa have the honor to remain, as ever, your most humble and obedient servants, TER' BTLETHWA1TE, TflROStLETHWAITE, AND DlCK. P. S. - Our late client's grandson, William Beauvoir, the only child of Oliver Beauvoir, Esq , is now in the Statis, in Chicago or N ebraska or somewhere in the West. We shall be pleased if you can keep him informed as to the progress of your investigations. Our Mr. Dick has requested Mr. Oliver Beauvoir to give his eon your address, and to suggest his calling on you as he passes through New York on his way home. T. T. & D, Document No. 17. [Letter from Messrs. Hitchcock and Van Rensse laer, New York, to Messrs. Pixley and Sutton, Attorneys and Counsellors at Law, 98, Califor- nia-street, San Francisco, California :] Law Offices of Hitchcock and Van Reussolaor, 76 Broadway, New York. P. 0. Box 4076. Jan. 22,1879. Messrs. Pixley and Sutton : Gentlemen,-We have just recoived from our London correspondents, Mesars. ThroBtlethwaite, Throstlethwaite, and Dick, of Lincoln's Inn, London, the letter, a copy of which is herewith enolosed, to which we invite your attention. We request that you will do all in your-power to aid us in the search for the missing Englishman. From the letter of Messrs. Throstlethwaite, Throstlethwaite, and Dick, it sooma extremely probable, not to say certain, that Mr. Beauvoir arrived in your city about 1849, in company with a distinguished English scientist, Professor Titus Peebles, whose professional attainments were such that he is probably well kuown, if not in California, at least in some other of tho mining States. The first thing to be done, therefore, it seems to us, is to ascertain the whereabouts of the professor, and to interview him at once. It may be that he has no knowledge of the present domi- cile of Mr. William Beauvoir-in which case wo shall rely on you to take such Bteps as, in your judgment, will best conduce to a satisfactory solution of the mystery. In any event, please look up Professor Peebles, and interview him at once. Pray keep us fully informed by telegraph of your movements. Your obedient servants, Hitchcock and Van Rensselaer, Document No. l8. [Telegram from Messrs. Pixley and Sutton, Attor- neys and Counsellors at Law, 98 California street, San Francisco, California, to Mesars. Hitchcock and Van RenBselaer, Attorneys and Counsellors at Law, 70 Broadway, Now York :] San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 30. Tite Peebles well known Frisco not professor keeps faro bank. i (D. H. 919.) Pixleï and Sutton. Document No. 19. [Telegram from Mesars. Hitchcock and Van Rens- selaer to Messrs. Pixley and Sutton, in answer to the preceding:] " 11 New York, Jan. 30. Must be mistake Titüs Poebles distinguished scientist Hitchcock .and Van Rensselaer, (i?ree answer to D. H.) ' Document No. 20. [Telegram from Messrs. Pixley ana SuttoD, to Messrs. Hitchcock and' Van RensBelaer, in reply to the preceding :]' < ' ' ' ) , San Francisco; Cal., Jan. 80. No mistake distinguished, [faro banker sus- pected not square shall we interview, i | '(D. H. 919.) ' ' Pixley and Sutton.' Document No, 21. [Telegram from Messrs. Hitchcock and Van Rens- selaer to Messrs. Pixley and Sutton, in reply to the (preceding :] ' >>> i . i, , / New York, Jan, 30. Must be mistake interview anyway. ' Hitchcock and Van Rensselaer. (Free. Anawer to D. H.) i Document No. 22. [Telegram from Messrs. Pixley and Sutton to Messrs. Hitchcock and Van Rensselaer, in reply to the preceding :] ! , San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 30. Peebles out of town have written him. (D. H. 919.) Pixley and Sutton. Document No [23. , [Letter from Titus W. Peebles, delegate to the California Constitutional Convention, Sacra mento, to Mesars. Pixley and; Sutton, 98 Cali- fornia street, San Francisco, California :] ,j Sacramento, Feb. 2, '79. Messrs Pixley and Sutton, San Francisco : Ge-ntlemen,-Your favor of the 31st ultimo, forwarded me from San Francisco, has been duly ree'd, and contents thereof 'noted. My time is at present ko fully occupied by my duties as a delegate to the Constitutional Con- vention that I can only jot down a, brief report of my recollections on t|iis head. When I return to S. F. I shall be happy to give you any further information that may be in 'my possession. .The person concerning whom you enquire was my fellow passenger on my [first voyage to this State, on board.the Mercy G. Tarbox, in the latter part of the year. He was then known as Mr. William Beauvoir. I waa acquainted with his history, of which the details escape me at this writing. He was, a country man of mine; a member of an important county family Devonian, I believe, and had left England on account of large gambling debts, of which he confided to mo the exact figure. I believe they totted up something like £14,500. I had at no time very intimate acquaintance with Mr. Beauvoir ; during our sojourn on the Tarbox he was the ohosen associate of a depraved and vicious character named Phoenix. I am not averse from saying that I was then a member of a profession rather different to my present one, being, in fact, professor of metallurgy, and I saw much less at that period of Mr. B. than I pro- bably should now, < Directly we landed at St F. the object of your enquiries set out for the gold region, without adequate preparation, like so many others did at that time, and, I heard, fared very ill. I encountered him soma six months later ; I have forgotten precisely in what locality, though I have a faint imprepjion that his then habitat was some cafton or ravine,'deriving its name from certain osseous deposits. Here he had on gaged in the business oi gold-mining, without, perhaps, sufficient grounds for any confident hope of ultimate success. I have his I O U for the amount of my fee for assaying several speci- mens from his claim, said specimens being all iron pyrites. This is all I am able to call to mind at presen! in the matter of Mr. Beauvoir. I trust his sub- sequent career was of a nature better calculated to be satisfactory to himself ; but his minera logical knowledge was but superficial ; and his character was sadly deformed by a fatal taste for low associates. I remain, gentlemen, your very humble and obedient servant, Titus W. Peebles. P.S.-Private. My Dear Pix,-If you don't feel inclined to pony up that little sum you are out on the bay gelding, drop down to my plaoe when I got back and I'll give you another chance for your life at the pasteboards. Constitution going through. Yours, . Tite. PART FOURTH. Dooumknt No. 24. [Programe of the performance given in the Centreville Theatre, December, 21, 1878 :] HANK'S NEW CENTREVILLE OPERA HOUSE. A. Jackson Hanks, Solo Proprietor and Manager. first appearance in this city Of TOMPKINS & FROBISHER'S GRAND STELLAR COMBINATION. Supporting California's favorite daughter, the youug American Tragédienne, MISS NINA SAVILLE, Who will appear in Her Unrivalled Specialty, WINONA, THE CHILD OF THE PRAIRIE, Miss Nina Saville THIS EVENING, DECEMBER 21, 1878, Will be presentod, with the phenomenal cist, the accepted American drama, WINONA, THE CHILD OF THE PRAIRIE. Winona. .^ Miss Flora Mae Madison. Biddy Flaherty ... Old Aunt Dinah (with Song, " Don't get Weiry,"). Sally Hoskins (with the old time - melody, "Bjbbing Around,") Poor Joe (with Song) . Frauline Lina Boobensteiu (with stammering song, " I yoost landet,") .j Sir Edmond Benuett (specially engaged) ... E. C. Grainger Walton Travers.Q. \f. Parsons Gipsy Joe .M. Isaacs 'Annibal 'Orsce'Iggins ... Billy Barker Tommy Tipper.Miss M.vmie Smith I Pete, the Alan on the Dock Si Hancock j Mrs. Malone, the Old | Woman iu the Little House.Mrs. K. Y. Rooth Robert Bennett (aged five) Little Annie Watson. Act I.-The Old Home. Act It.-Aloue in the World. Act 111.-The frozen Gulf ; The Great Iceberg Sensation. Act IV. Wedding Bells. " Winona, the Child of the Prario," will bo pre- ceded by A FAVORITE FARCE in which the great Billy Barker will appear in one of bia moat outrageously funny bits. New Scenery by Q. Z. Slocum, Music, by Prof. Kiddo's Silver Bugle Brass Band and Philharmonic Orcheatra. Chickway's Grand Piano, lent by Schmidt, 2 Opera House Block. Pop Williams, the only legitimate Bill-Poster in New Centreville. (Now Centreville Standard Print.) Document No. 25. [Extract from the New Ccurreville (late Dead Horso) Gazette and Courier of Civilisation, Decembor 20,1878 :] " Miss Nina Saville appeared lost night nt the Mendocino Grand Opera Houbo, in her un- rivalled speciality of ' Winona, the Child of the Prairie', supported by Tompkins and Frobishor's Grand Stellar Constellation. Although Miss Saville has long been known as one of the most promising of California's youugor tragediennes, wo fool safe in saying that tho impression she produced upon the laige and ouRured audience gathered to greet her last night stamped her as one of the groateBt aud most phénoménal geuiuBes of our own or other times. Her marvellouB beauty of form and feature, added to hor wonderful artistic power, and her perfect mastery of the difficult science of clog-dancing, won her an immediato place in tho hearts of our citizens, aud confirmed the belief that California need not look to Europe or Chicago for dramatic talent of the highest order. The sylph-like beauty, the harmonious and evor-varying grace, the vivacity, and the power of the young artist who made ker maiden effort among us last night, prove conclusively that the virgin soil of Cali- fornia teems with yet undiscovered fircB of genius. Tho drama of ' Winona, the Child of the Prairie,' is a pure, refined, and thoroughly absorbing entertainment, and has been pro- nounced by the entire press of the country equal, if not superior, to the fascinating ' Lady of Lyons.' It introduces all the favorites of the company in new and original fbaractors, and with its original music, which ia a prominent feature, has already received over 200 representa- tions in the principal cities in the country. It abounds in effective situations, striking tableaux, and a; moBt quaint and original concert entitled 1 The Mule' Fling,' which aloiio is worth the price of admission. . As this is its first presentation in this city, the theatre will ria doubt be crowded, and Beats should" be secured early in the day. The 'drama will bo preceded by that princo of hurnorists, Mr. Billy Barker,1 iu his humorous sketches and pictures from life." We quote the above from our esteemed con- temporary, the Mendocino Tribune, at the ro quest of Mr. Zoke Kilburn, Miss Saville's ad- vance agent, who has still further appealed to tis, not only on the ground of our common humanity, but as the only appreciative and thoroughly in- formed critics on the Paofio Slope, to " endorse" 'this rather vivid expression of opinion. Nothing will give us greater pleasure. Allowing for the habitual enthusiasm of our northern neighbor, and for the well-known chaste aridity of Mendocino in respect of female beauty, we have no doubt that Miss Nina Saville is all that the fancy, peculiarly opulent and active even for an advance agent, of Mr. Kilburn has painted her, and is quite such a viaion of youth, beauty, and artistic phenomon ality as will make the stars of Paris and Illinois pale their ineffectual fires. Miss Saville will appear in her "unrivalled specialty" at Hanks' New Centreville Opera Houbo to-morrow night, as may bo gathered in a general way from an advertisement in another column. ' Wo should not omit to mention that Mr. Zoke Kilburn, Miss Saville's advance agent, is a gentle- man of imposing presence, elegant manners, and complete knowledge of his business. This infor- mation may be relied upon o8 at least authentic, having been derived from Mr. Kilburn himself, to which we can add, as our own contribution, the statement that Mr. Kilburn is a gentleman of marked liberality in his ideas of spirituous re- freshments, and of equal originality in his con- ception of the uses, objects, and personal suscep- tibilities of the journalistic piofesaiou. .Document No. 20 [Local item from the New Centreville Standard, December 20,1878 :] Hon. William Beauvoir has registered at the United States Hotel. Mr. Beauvoir is a young English gentleman of great wealth, now eDguged in investigating the gigantic rcaourcea of. this great country. We welcome üiui to New Centre- ville. Document No. 27. [Extract fron the New Centreville (late Dead Horse) Gazette and Courier of Civilisation, Dec. 24,1878 :J A little while ago, in noting the arrival of Miaa Nina Saville at the New Centreville Opera Houbb, we quoted rather extensively from our esteemed contemporary, the Mendocino Times, and com- mented upon the quotation. Shortly afterwarda, it may also be remembered, we made a very direct and decided apology for the sceptical levity which inspired those remarks, and expressed our hearty sympathy with the honeRt if somewhat effusive enthusiasm with which the dramatic critic of Mendocino greeted the sweet and dainty little girl who threw over the dull weary old business of the stage " sensation " the charm of a fresh and child-like beauty and originality as rare and deli- cate as those strange unreasonable little glimmers of spring sunsets that now and then light up for a brief moment the dull skies of winter evenings, and seemed to have strayed into ungrateful January out of »beer pity for the »ad earth, We refer to the matter at this date only be causo^ in our remarks of a few days ago we had occasion to mention the fact of the existence of Mr. Zeke Kilburn, an advance agent, who called upon us at the time, to endeavor to induce ua, by means apparently calculated more closely for the latitude of Mendocino, to extend to Miss Saville, before her appearance, the critical appro- bation which wo gladly extended after. This little item of interest we alluded to at the time, and furthermore intimated, with some vaguenesB, that there existed in Mr. Kilburn's character a certain misdirected zeal which, combined with a too keen artistic appreciation, aro apt to be rather dangerous stock-in-trade for au advance agent. It was twenty-seven minutes past 2 o'clock yeaterdoy afternoon. The chaste white mystery of Shigo Mountain was already taking on a faint, almost imperceptible, hint of pink, like the warm cheek of a girl who hears a voice and anticipatoB a blush". Yot the rays of the afternoon sun rested with uudiminiBhed radiance on the empty pork-barrel in front of M'MuIHu'b shobang. Mr. Kilburn emerged from tho hostelry of M'Mullin. Mr. Kilburn, as wu havo before stated at his own íequest, is a gontloman of im- posing presence, it is well that we made this statement wlieu we did, for it ia hard to judge of the imposing quality in a gent'.oman's presence when that gent lorn m íb suspended from the arm of another gentleinau by tho collar of tho first gontlomau's coat. The gentloman in the rear of Mr. Kilburn was Mr. William Beauvoir, a young Englishman in a check suit. Mr, Beauvoir is not avowedly a man of imposing presenco ; ho wears a seal ring, and he is generally a scion of an effete oligarohy, but he lias, aluce his intro- duction into tins community, bolmved himself, to use the atljoctlvial advoib of Mr. M'Mullin, white, aud he has a very remarkable biceps. Those qualities may heroaf ter enhance his popu- larity in New Centreville. Mr. Beauvoir'a movements at twenty-seven minutes paat 2 yoatorday afternoon were few aud ¡simple. Ho doubled Mr. Kilburn up, after tho manner of an ordinary jack-kuifo, and placed him in the* barrel, reuiarklug, as he did bo, " Yon will, will you ?" Ho thou rammed Mr. Kilburn carefully home, and put the cover on. Wo leam to-day that Mr. Kilburn has resumed his professional duties on the rond, Document No. 28. [Account of tho same event from tho New Cen- treville Standard, Decenibor 24,1878 :] It seems strango that oven the holy influences which radiato from this joyous season cannot koop some mon from getting into uuscomly wran gles. It was only yesterday that our local Baw a street row in the quiet avenues of our peaceful city-a. street row recalling the riotous acones which took placo here? beforo Dead Horse experi- enced a chango of heart and became Now Centre- ville. Our local succeeded in gathering all tho particulars of tho affray, and the following state- ment is reliable. It seems that Mr. Kilburn, the gentlemanly and affable advnuca agent of tho Nina Saville Dramatic Company, now perform- ing at Andy Hank'B Opera Uouso to big housos, was brutally assaulted by a ruffianly young Englishman, namod Beauvoir, for no cause-what- ever. We say for no canso, as it íb obvious that Mr. Kilburn, as the «gout of tho troupe, could have said nothing against Miaa Saville which an outsider, not to Bay a foreigner like Mr. Beau- voir, had any coll to roaout. Mr. Kilburn ia a gentleman unnccuBtomed to rough-and-tuinblo encounters, whilo his adversary has doubtless associated more with pugilists than gcntlemou at least anyone would think so from his actions yesterday. Boauvoir hustled Mr. Kilburn out of Mr. McMullins, where the unprovoked assault began, and violontly shook him across tho now plank sidewalk. The porson by the name of Claik, whom Judge Jones for aome reason per- mits to edit tho now moi ¡bum] but once respect- able " Gozotto," caught the oyo of tho congenial Beauvoir, and, true to tho ungeutlemauly iu Btincts of Mb base nature, poiuled to a barrel in tho street. Tho brutal Englishman took the hint and thrust Mr. Kilburn forcibly into the barrel, leaving the vicinity beforo Mr. Kilburn, emerging from his close quartors, had fully reco- vered. What the ruffianly Beauvoir's motivo may have boen for this wanton assault it is impos- sible to say ; but it is obvious to all why this follow Clark sought to injin o Mr. Kilburn, a gen- tleman whoso many good qualities ho of courso fails to appreciate. Mr. Kilburn, recognising the acknowledged merits of our job-office, had given us tho contract for nil tho printing he needed in New Centreville. Document No. 29, [Advertisement from the New York Clipper, December 21st, 1878 :] WINSTON & MACK'S Grand International MEGATHERIUM VARIETY COMBINATION. COMPANY CALL. Ladies and Gentlemen of the Company will assemble for rehearsal, at Eincisou's Opeia Uouso, San Frauciaco, on Wednosdoy, Dccom1 or 27,12 M. sharp. Baud at 11. J. B. Winston, ) ,, Edwin R. Mack, \ Mannßorfl Emei son's Opera House, San Francisco, Decem- ber 10, 1878. Protean Artist wanted. Would like to hear from Nina Saville. 12-it" Document No. 30. [Letter from Nina Saville to William Beauvoir :] New Centreville, December 26, 1878. My Dear Mr. Beauvoir,-Lwas very sorry to receive your-lotter of yesterday-very Borry-be- cause there can be only one answer that I can make-and I think you might have spared mo the pain of saying" the wold-No. You ask mo if I love you. If I did-do you think it would bo truo love ia mo to tell you so, when I kuow what it wou)d cost you ? Oh indeed you must never marry mel In your own country you would never have hoard of me-novor seen mo surely never written mo such a letter to tell mo that you lore me and want to marry me. It is not that lam ashamed of my business or of tho folks around me, or ashamed that I ana only tho charity child of two poor players, wholivedand died working for tho bread for their mouths aad mino, I am proud of them-yes, proud of what they did and suffered for one pool er than themselves -a little foundling out of an Indian camp. But I know tho difference between you and me. You aro a great man at home-you have nevor told me how great-but I know your father ia a rich lord, and I BuppoBe you, aro. It. is not that I thiuk you care for that, or think less of me because I was born different from you. I know how good-how kind-how respectful you have always beon to me-my lord-ana I sholl never forget it-for á girl in my position knows well enough bow you might have beon otherwise. Oh believe me-my true friend -I am never going to forget all you havo done for me, and how good it has been to have you near me-a man so different fr^m most others. I don't mean only the kind things you have done- the books and the thoughts and the ways you havo taught me to enjoy-and all the trouble you have taken to make me somothing better than the stupid little girl I was when you found me-but a great deal moro than that-the consideration you have had for me and for what I hold beat in the world. I hod never met o gentleman, before-and now the first one I meet-he is iny/i 'und. That is a great deal. Only think of it I You havo been following me around now for three months, and I have been weak enough to allow it. I am going to do the right thing now. You may think it hard in me if you really mean what you say, but even if everything else wore right 1 would not marry you-because of your rank. I do not know how things ore at your home-but something tells me it would be wrong and that your family would have a right to hate you and never forgive you Professionals cannot go into your society. And that is oven if I loved you-and I do not love you-I do not love you-I do not love you-now I havo written it you will believe it. So now it is ended-I am going back to the line I waa first in-variety-and with a new name. So you can nevor find me-I entreat you -I beg of you-not to look for me. If you only put your mind to it-you will find it so easy to forget me- for I will not do you the wrong to think that you did not mean what you wrote in your letter or what you Baid that night when we tang Annie Laurie together the lost time. Your sincere friend Nina. Documents Nos. 31 and 32. [Items from San Francisco Figaro of December 29,1878 :J Nina Saville Co, disbanded New Centreville, 26th. No particulars received. Winston and Mack's Comb, takes the road Docember 31st, opening at Tuolumne Hollow» Manager WinBton announces the engagement of Anna Laurie, tho Protean change artiste, with songs, "Don't Get Weary," "Bobbin' Around," " I YooBt Landed." Document No. 33. [Telegram from Zeke Kilburn, New Centreville, to Winston and Mack, Emerson's Opera House, San Francifco, CaL :] New Centreville, Dec. 28, 1878. Have you vacancy for active aud energetic advance agent. (9 words 30 paid) Z. Kilburn. Document No. 34, [Telegram from Winston and Mack, Son Fran cisco, to Zeke Kilburn, New Centreville :] San Francisco, December 20,1878. No. Winston and Mack, (Collect 30 cents.) Document No. 35. [Bill sent to William Beauvoir, Unites States Hotel, Tuolumne Hollow, Cal. :] Tuolumne Holton, Cal., Dee. 39, IS7S. Wm. Beauv ir, Esq. Bought of HIMMEL it HATCH, Under tho Academy of Music, Jewellers and Diamond Merchants. Dealers in all kinds of Fancy Goods, Stationery and Umbrellas, Watches, Clocks, and Baromçtora. TERMS CASH. MUSICAL BOXFS HEI-AIRED, Dec. 39, One diamond and enamelled ocket $75 00 One gold chain. ¿SOO $133 00 Bcc'd Payt. Himmel <fc Hatch, per S. PART FIFTH. Document No 30. [Envelope of letter from Sir Oliver Beauvoir, Bart,, to his sou, William Beauvoir {] Still to Dtad LMcr Ojjlct ^_ Mr. William Beauvoir Sherman House Hotel not he> c Chicago (?yjKworiJToiue UnUti8tataoJ America N. r. Document No. 37. [Letter from Cable J. Dexter, Esq., to MesarB, Pixley and Sutton, San Francisco :] Law Office and Collection Agency, Dexter & Smith. New Centreville, Cal,, March 3, 1879. Messrs. Pixlky & Sutton : Gents,-I um happy to report that I have at last reached tho bottom lovel in the case of William Boavor, alias Beaver Bill, deceased through Indians in 1861. In accordance with your instructions and check, I proceeded, on tho 10th instant, to Shawgum Creek, where I interviewed Bluo Horse, lato chief of the Comanche-", who tomahawked subject of your onquirios iu the year above mentioned. Horse has settled down as a reput ablo agriculturist, and is now extensive and highly respected farmer. Was at first unwilling to converso ¡ but finally acknowledged that hu rleiBonolly lot daylight through the late Mr. Beaver, and íb willing to guarantee thoroughness of docenao. Stated further that aforesaid Beavor's family consisted of wifo and minor child. Is willing to swear that wif<* was killed. Killiug done by Mulo-Who-Gocs-Crooked, personal friend of Horse's. [Now keeps grocery BtoraJ Minor child (female) was taken into camp and kept uutil tin nod over to U.S. Govern- ment, at Fort Kearney, in winter of 'd3, when tribo went on Government reservation. I posted to last named locality on the 18th ultimo, and found by quai larm- iBtor's books that, no claimant appearing for minor child, she had been duly indentuied, togother with six Indians, to man by naino of Gunrdino or Sardine, travelling showman. The Indians wcro invoiced as Sage BruBh Jimmy, Boiling Hurricane, Mule Who-Goos-Crooked, Joe, Hairy Grasshopper, and Dead Mustang. Receipt for Indians was signed by Mr. Hi Samuels, who is still in the same line of business, and who positively identified minor child with variety specialist by nama of Nina Saville, woll known in this region. I shall soon have the pleasuio of laying before you documents to establish tho completo chain of evidence from decease of original subject of your enquiries up to date. I havo to-day returned from Now Centreville, whithor I went after Miss Savillo. Found silo had just vacated tho tow.n in company with a young Eugliainnan by namo of Bovoir, who had been paying hor polite attentions fur some timo past, having bowied or othoi wiso squelched a man or her within a week or two. It appears MiflB Savillo had perBiatently refused to receive said attentions until about two days befoie roy arrival, when the young man's luck appears to have turned. At present, thorofoio, tho trail ia tem- porarily loBt ; but I expect to fetch the couplo if they are anywhere this side of the Rockios Awaiting your f urthor instruction, and cash backing thereto. I am, gents, very resp'y yours, Cable J. Dexter. Document No. 38. [Letter contained in the onvelopo abovo :] Chelsworth Cottage, March 30,1879. My Dear Boy,-In the gliddon blow which has como upon us nil I cannot find words to write. You do not know what you have done, Your Unole William, after whom you nro named, died in America. Ho left but ono child, a daughter, the only grandchild of my father except you. And this daughter is the Mina Nina Saville with whom yon have formed ao unhappy a connection. She is your own coubíd. Sho is a Beauvoir. She is of our blood, as good as any in England. I trusted you, William, not only ai my beloved and cherished son, but as tho child of a house that has nover forgotten what it owes to ita own name and to ita own honor. Hove I done wrong in so doing 1 My feelings are overpowering. I am choked by the suddonness of this great gi ¡of. I cannot write to you ob I would. But I can say this_ : Do not let me see you or hear from you until this stain bo taken from our name. Oliver Beauvoir. Document No. 39. [Cable dispatch of William Beauvoir, Windsor Hotel, New York, to Sir Oliver Beauvoir, Bart., Chelsworth Cottage, Suffolk, England :] New York, Muy 1, 1870. Havo mailed you Herald. ' William Beauvoir, Document No. 40. ' [Advertisement under head of "Marriages," from the Now York Herald, April 30, 1870 :] BcAUVom-Beauvoir.-On Wednesday, Jan- uary 1,1879, at Steal Valley, California, by the Rev. Mr. Twells, William Beauvoir, only son of Sir Oliver Beauvoir, of Chelsworth Cottage, Surrey, England, to Nina, only child of the late William Beauvoir, of New Centreville, Cal. Document No. 41. (Extract from the New York Herald of May 29, 1879 :] Among the passengers on tho out-going Culiard steamer, Gallia, which left Now York on Wed- nesday, was the Honorable William Beauvoir, only son of Sir Oliver Beauvoir, Hurt., of Eng- land. Mr. Beauvoir ha3 been spending his hoflsy moon in this city, and, with his charming bride, a famous California belle, haa been the recipient of many cordial courtesies from members of our best Boeiety. Mr. William Beauvoir is a young man of great promise and brilliant attainments, and is a highly desirable addition to the large and constantly increasing number of aristocratic Britons who seek for wives among the lovely daughters of Columbia. We understand jthat the bridal pair wiU take up their residence with the groom's father, ot his stately country-seat, Chelsworth Manor, Suffolk. An old bachelor being ill, his sister presented him a cup of medicine. "What isafe?" he asked. She answered, " It is elixir osthmaac : it is very aromatic, and will make you feel ecstatic" "Nancy," he replied, with a smile, "you are very BiBfer-matic." A cut ioua proof of tho " badness of the times ". is to be found in the fact that not less than a million iiterling was withdrawn from the Bank of Engknd in the first week in AuguBt, by persons vho keep private accounts there, for holiday parpóse». 