THE ELECTIONS. TO THE ELECTORS OF ST. KILDA [CoNxmsnIuD.] Brother Electors,-You are called upon to-day to exercise your Parliamentary franchise. May I, as one who has had some experience of electioneer ing in Old England as well as in Victoria, without offenco submit to your consideration one or two reasons why I think you should give your support to Messrs. Carter and Harris P I take it for granted that you are all tired of thile present condition of matters political-that you wish for peace to be restored, and for a return to good, honest government. Three years ago you sight have had some justification in voting for Berryite candidates. The times were then, as now, " out of joint," and the Liberal leaders made the profusest promises as to how, if put in power, they would evolve order out of confusion, right all political wrongs, and ." make this a fine country for the working-man." You believed in these promises; you gave Mr. Berry such a following as no pro. vious Chief Secretary in this country ever had; and what is the result ? Are you better off now than you were three years ago? Are you as well off? Is the country as prosperous now as it was then? Instead of the promised political millonium, are we not still, apparently, as far off that blessed time as over? Have not those whom you trusted in '77 shamefully abused the confidence you then placed in them? I hold there can be but one honest answer to theses questions, and that is an emplmtio No! Well, theose men are noi ' asking you to try them again-to give them another lease of power. In view of the conspicuous failures they have been, will you respond to their request? If you do, then truly you will deserve all the ills which are bound to follow such misplaced con fidence. JBut I have a better opinion of your common-sense than to imagine for a moment you will swallow such a palpable bait. I believe you sincerely desire to return two members who will work togetlherearnestly to do all that is possible to rectore peace and confidenco, and consequently prosperity. Thinking thus, I would point out two dangers which you must carefully avoid. The first of thlese is plunmping; the second, splilling your votes between the Jiinisterial eandialte and one of the Oppositles. How plumping will tend to weaken your power is well shown by a corres pondent in Wednesday's Daily Telegraphp. Ho says:- "At the last election Dixon polled 2,116, Carter 2,011, and Smith 2,043 votes, Carter being thus 72 and Smith 73 behind Dixon. I can see you smiling incredulously when I toll you that all that was required on that occasion to have put Carter at the headof the poll, Smith second, and to have relegated Mr. Dixon to private life, was five good electors and a little common-sense. Nevertheless, it is easily proved. Of the 2,0144 who voted for Carte-, 69 plumped ; and of the 2,043 who voted fcr Smith, 70 plumped. Now, does not common-sense tell you that . . . . 'the 69 who plumped for Carter should have given their second votes to Smith, and for a similar reason the 70 who plumped for Smith should have given their second votes to carter? Had this been done, Carter would have had 2,114 and Smith 2,112 votes, requiring only the five electors I stipulated for to have given them a vote each, and so have made the numbers-Carter, 2,119 ; Smith, 2,117 ; Dixon, 2,116. You see then how near we 'would have been to a complete victory had all our side sunk personal considerations, and voted wisely ; and yet how far we wero from it in consequence of the pernicious practice of plumping." The logic in this extract cannot be gainsaid ; and therefore I entreat you, before voting to-day, to bear it in mind, and so avoid falling into a similar blunder. Vote to a man for Carter and Harris, and refrain from plumping for either as you would from taking a deadly poison. Thle next thing you have to do to avoil defeat is to resist every attempt to get you to give one vote to the Ministorialist and the other to one of the Oppositionists. I have some reason to fear there are electors inclined to do this. The motives that prompt them to think of taking this course are kindly ones, and, as such, to be respected. But they are entirely out of place in a crisis like the present. However well-meaning any elector mny be who votes thus, he is a traitor. For a man cannot honestly blow hot and cold with the some breath. Libhrals, having. on.y one candidate representing their views, can and ought to plump for him. I think there are very few of them who will do otherwise. But Oppositionists, with two candidates in the field, should to a man divide their votes between them. No personal consideration ought to be permitted to influence them to do otherwise. Thile present is no time for potty animosities to be indulged in. I will tell you candidly that I was dissatisfied with tile choice of Dtr. Harris in preference to Mr. Phillips. I was chagrined ,at what I conceive to be the unfair Ireatment meted out to the latter gontliman. But I'm' not going to desert my party on that account. I know a trick worth two of that. I shall pocket my disappointment, and veto the party ticket, because I'm sure that is the only way by which wse Oopositionists can win back the seat we never ought to )have lolt, and would not have lost but for the most culpable over- confidence. I appeal to you to follow my exlampl. Ially round the standard under which Messrs. Carter and Harris are fighting. Do not plump for either, and do not give one vote to one of them and tihe other to Mr. Dixon. If you follow this advice I have no fear as to the result. You are strong enough to win, if only united. No doubt the fight will be a severe one; but if you are true to your principles the returning ofllficer, after the close of the poll, will road out the names thus t CARTEo. HARRIS. Denooe. DIoat. and you louctors of St. Kilda will have the proud satisfaction of having rceoued one seat from the onemy, and of having driven a long and strong nail into the coin of the most corrupt anid incom potent Ministry that this fair land of ours has over boo s cursed with. The grounds on which I make this assoition it is unnecessary to specify. They are well known, nod would take up more room in 1te recital than I fear the editor would grant me. I will thoreforo content myself with saying in regard to them, in the words of the ghost of Hamlet's father "I could a tale unfold, whoso lightest word Would harrow up thy soul, freooe thy yoq?g blood, Mlake thy two eyes, like stars, stdrt from their spheres, Thy knotted and combined looks to part, And each particular hair to stand on end, Like quills upon the fretful porcupineo. ANTI-BERRy, 