CELEBRITIES AT HOME. ME GRANT DUFF, M.P., AT YORK HOUSE," TWICKENHAM. Next door bnt one to the Orleans Club, In the house last 'occupied by the Oomte de Paris dwells Mr Grant Dull; that Is to Bay, If that clever member of the Liberal Dartv can be fairly said to dwell anywhere. Daring she Session of Parliament the duties of the repre sentative of the Elgin Burghs require his presence in London, and it was with tho idea of uniting tho advantage of a town and country house that he bought York Houso of the heir of whatever remnias of the French monarchy. Mr Grant Duff la therefore at home at Twickenham whon he is not making a tour in India, or travelling in Europe, or ocoapying his okarming house on the Bay of Algiers, overhung by masses of Bougainviiiea. Not the first Scot who has been everywhere and seen everything without lessening by one atom his love for his own roof-tree, Mr Grant Duff has taken his pretty picda-lcrrc in Middlesex in great affection. A Bnlliol man, with his eldest son now at his' old college, be has imbibed a keen love for biatoric.il asso ciation. France is a ooantry dear to him, be cause every corner of it is as full of asso ciations and relics, bistorio. pre-historic, and apocryphal, as Scotland itself, where every house beyond bourgeois dimensions has always ts story, and generally its ghost. His dwell ing by the Thames !b one ot the most interest ing places near London. The celebrated Chanoellor Clarendon was, it e well known, fond of building, and owed not little of his unpopularity to this passion. The splendid mansion in Piooadillv, the nrdens whereof were laid out by JohnEvolyn, was declared to be built with a bribe taken or selling Dunkirk, and helped not a little to verwhelm the for.unes of its founder..- Clarendon, besides another country bouse, built himself a vil'a at Twickenham, whiob, notwithstanding the terrible conditions of the xeads,' was even then at a convenient dis tance from London ; and -it was in this house that his grand- daughter, Queen Anne, was born. In the central blook of the plain Jacobean building is the room in which the light was first seen by the beautiful woman given by destiny to the thick-headed husband who had been ''tried drunk and tried sober" witbont anything being found in hiin. Bating two or three additions, in the worst possible taste, 'made duriug the French occupation, the room remains very much as it was when the proverbially defunct sovereign was born in it. The great esoutcheons are as they were designed for Clarendon, intact as the fine oaken staircase which conducts to them. York House haB known many owners. Caunt Stahremberg once dwelt here, as did Mrs Damer, the daughter of General Conway, to whom Horace Walpole left his studio, nud who carried on her modelling at York House instead, in a studio which has elnce been swept away to mike room fur a conservatory on the Bide looking towards Eelple Island, the tail o! which ' ap pertains to York House. To theright is one of the ugliest ohurcbes iu the world. The pre ceding structure, possibly lusome coherent nrder of architecture, felt down — all but tho tower— one Sunday morning, and so terrified the inhabitants of Twickenham that they de termined to build one whloh should not fall. Thus it was that, aided by Sir Godfrey Knel- ler, of an people iu the world, they erected the preBcut hideous structure. Luokily it iscut off by a few trees from Yurk House, which, with its plain brick front and white shatters, has the look of a French chateau. There is a pretty ferry across the river just at the end of Eelpie Island to Ham House, sometime the property of the strange old nobleman who died not long ago, alter living the space of an ordinary lifetime in a couple of roams in a street oif the Strand. Since the collapse of the last Liberal Ad ministration, Mr Grant Dutt, with the assist ance of Mrs Grant Duif — an excellent artist in water colore— has occupied himself in his leisnre hours with graiting Oriental taste up on the Jacobean skeleton of his home. Of a family distinguished in Iadia, it is not to be wondered at that, when the passion for bright coloring set In, he should have been one of the first to apply the Eastern method to internal decoration. Mrs Grant Dulf's drawing-room, designed by herself, is a oharming instance of the extent to which gaiety of color may be con sonant with perfect taste.In this delightful apart ment there is to be found much pleasant com pany, not always of the English conventional pattern, for long travel and acnte atten tion _ to forsigna flairs have made the Parliamentary Under - Secretary of State for India in Mr Gladstone's last Government Intimately acquainted With all that is to the fore in continental p ditics and literature. It is not iu every English houso that Ernest de Ronan and his olever wife would find themselves so completely at home as at York Houae; nud it is good to bear the outspoken opinions of foreigners of distinction in Mrs Grnnt Dulf's blue-and-gold drawing-room. Opinions may be froely de bated there ; for with all his Scottish earnest- nees and sincerity of purpose, the host is per haps lees affected by tbo conventional Philis tinism which corses this island han any member of the left wing of the Liberals. Possibly this extreme tolerance of those views which fanatics consider subversive, and a habit of pushing arguments to their legitimate conclusion, have had s .me inllucnse in retard- log the development of Mr Grant Duff's career as a statesman. There is, in this case, sb in that of Mr Lows, .a constitutional im patience of halting logic and lame conclusion. No person of Mr Grant Duff's Parliamen tary experience can fail to recognise that I u politics there must be occasional compromise, ' but few would deny more strenuously that it Is always essential to the position of a great country. When a plausible and hand-to-mouth solution of a great question of European polioy is suggested, the member for the Elgin Burghs ie apt to inquire of what oonceivable plan of political system that expedient forms a part. Of the diplomatio method pursuod by Lords Beaoonsfield and Salisbury he has publicly expressed his abhorrence more than . once. Pantomime tricks and sadden effects of blue lire and eham thunder — a theatrloal policy of surprise, in short, is in his eyes tho moBt vicious of all. A firm and openly-avowed foreign polioyappears soundest to a mind formed by a perfect fusion of earnestness and aouteness. A serious sense of xeBponeiblity demands settled principles and plaos, and a keen Insight of men and measures prevents any belief in the efficic; of eudden. changes of the diplomatic front. Mr Grant Duff has been one of the first to emon- cipate hie mind Irom the trammels of roatino and to recognise that the subtle shifts, ths wily turns and desperate bounds of diplomacy, aro things of the past, as much out of data in this- age of publicity as the clothyard-ahaft and hauberk on a modern battlefield. The dip lomacy of the snuffbox-tapping time was doubt- lesH n recondite matter enough, but it did not r rhct mankind very much after all, Nnpolenn was an excellent diplomat, so long as; he had his gross hatail/ons to baok him ; and when Bourbon supremacy was restored by brute force, Talioyrand, Metternlo'a, hoc genus (mine, took snuff together, and settled the world as firmly as parchment, ink, and Boaliug wax could settle it. But what oame of the. work done by the " crowned conspirators of Vienna" and their HolyjAUiance ? The echo of tho cannon of July shook it into dust. V Tho age of scientifia diplomacy, then, is past, nnd tho recent revival of tlis ancient mole-like \ system has helped to overwhelm it with ridicule, No member of the advanced Liberals t has pointed out this truth with mute stinging sarcasm than Mr Grant Duff; but his cos mopolitan power of appreciating the opinions of others makes bim aware that England must not appear to " efface" herself from the couucils of Europe. The oontinen-.' tal Powers, owing to the absurd mili tarism raging among them.are always en garde; the sword-hand ie never allowed to hang list lessly down. There Is among the orowned beads the samo otcrnal scheming and solf-ieek- ing so bitterly denounced by Gentz.and becnuee England seeks no continental aggrandisement the cry is perpetually raised that she " efface V herself. She is aatually doing nothing of tie kind ; but it is difficult to make the European ir"'nd comprehend that a nation may be i - different to a rectification of frontier, and y -t be ready to fight the instant it Imagines itself to bB attacked. Therefore the more public, the more openly avowed, the more freely dli- cussed the foreign polioy of England is, the better. ' Extra-insular instincts are preserved to the pubiia mind, and foreigners are pro tected from the blunder of counting upon ths indifference of England, Next, perhaps, to foreign affairs, Mr Grant Duff hr, s mads India , a Bpeoial study. Ths long connection of his family with that country, and_ the peculiar knowledge of its financial condition displayed in his onslaughts, upon Lord Halifax, then Sir Charles Wood, bad certainly at one time, In some measure, overshadowed bis reputation - for 'knowledge of European affairs; for although Lord Clarendon is said, in 18G8, to hove expressod a desire for his services in tbe Foreign Offioe, tbo only pas,-' left open to bim was the Parliamentary Under-Seoretaryahlp for India, This office, although hardly bo well fitted for him a3 a post under Lord Clarendon, was occupied with rare ability. No striking incidents or oostly disasters marked hie career at tbe India Office ; and when the Liberal army collapccd in 1874, Mr Grant Duff conscientiously visited tbe country, with the affaire of wbioh be, perhaps, rather thought than hoped he might be called upon at some distant time to deal. Ho gave an account of his visit In Notes of an Indian Journey, in whioh be viewed our Eastern Empire rather as a traveller than as'a politiolan. The reason of the light texture of this work is easily explained by the writer's many-sidedness. His Indian financial . state ments laid before tho Huuse of Commons . Were elaborate studies of the present and pro bable future of India. They displayed won derful grasp of various detail, and admirable power of dose and dear arrangement. Bat it' seemed to him, as a past (and possibly future) Indian official taking a holiday trip through the country with which he had been associa ted, that he was not called upon to commit himself to a host of opinions. Henoe he merely, In print at least, observed and des cribed, and beoanse his book was clear and bright it was called shallow, This is a striking instanoe of tbe intolerance of even cultivated people for a man with more than one side to his character ; as If a " table" diamond were more valuable than tbe "brilliant" with Its many facets. To tbe. Briton lof good, heavy, old-fashioned typo it is, perhaps, irritating to hear toe el:- gance of French literary composition extolled and- the- olnmBinecs of the aVerago English scribe laughed at. It is also " , try ing" to find ' that a man whose life bas been, in great measure, spent among all that is best and brightest in' European society should deny tbe olahn of Lard Btaconsficld to' rank aa n states man of the first rank, and insist that he will be remembered more for what he bas said than for what be bas done, as a litterateur rather than as a politiolan, whose answer to tbe illuc- trious lady who, just when onr relations with Russia were in a dangerous state of tension; asked bim at dinner, ."What are yon waiting fort" and heard with astonishment, "I am walt- ing for mutton and potatoes," will be repeated when tbe name of Jingo shall have faded from history. It is quite possible that this freedom of i judgment — the very opposite to Philis tinism— has not helped Mr Grant Duff on in the world of politics, especially as be is quite ready to fire off an epigram at his own party as at the Opposition. Again, he is beyond the sympathy of a large number of good-looking, honest, God-fearing gentlemen simply because be is indifferent to field-sports. Born in a shooting, rather than a hunting, country, be bas never taken kindly to the former noble pastime. Yet no man is more sensible to every other oharm of country life than that of going ont and killing some thing. He is an excellent botanist, and is proud of bis herbarium— an elegant article of furniture in carved oak, which from its out ward sign might be either a shrine or a mediaeval cabinet. His house is a refuge for tbe superfluous pets of his friends, who over whelm bim— or rather Mrs Grant Duff — with dogs of all kinds, — collies, mastiffs, (and Blers- helm spaniels, Tbe judgment of the friends whoare anxious to Becure a good home for their animals is abundantly justified by tbe life led at York House, where ths dogs gallop wildly aver tbe lawn, while cockatoos, budgerigars, Java sparrows, and other vola- tiles chirp and chatter above. "Bard," a fine old oollic, who refuses to be oomfortod when bis master goes to the House, la free to act as ho pleases. Ho roams accordingly through rooms daintily furnished with Oriental cabinets, and fine specimens of old English and French marqaeterie. He lifts up hang ings of Moorish stuffs, find tries the various rugs till he finds one to his taste to lie down upon. He never breaks anything even in tha china closet, stocked with some very good old English and Sevres, with elegant jars from Athens, deep dishes from Spain, and stone ware from Germany. York House is the most kaleidoscopic of dwellings. It contains signs of travel in the moat distant countries, specimens seleoted with the most cultivated taste. If Polonius be right in hie assertion that " the apparel oft pro claims .the man," it might almost be fair to say that as Mr Grant Duff's mind Is, so is his honse. It is not a stern edifice, with trim gardens cut in sharp corners, and planted with crisp little iplants in keenly-de- fined patterns ; nor is tbe dwelling itself either of the Strawberry-Hill Gothic, tbe eham Jacobean, or the more terrible thirteenth- century kind. Yet there Is room in it for tbe expression of many shades of thought and 1 feeling. It ie an honest Ltructure — not aiming at show, but solid and genuine in intention. It has had French blinds grafted on to it, and its old heavy drawing room bas been conver ted into a Moorish divan. Oa tbo oaken staircaec are bluc-and white Nankin china and bite of celadon; in a quiet nook under the Moorish arch iB an engraving of that "anti quated cherub," tbe famuus Master of B.illiol. There are reflections of all things under tho eun, Including wild-flowers — such as the Ane mone appenina — and Indian books iu bind ings wbioh would give a decorative artist a harvest of ideas, So it Ib with the owner. Lot him talk politics, and he is an accomplished politician ; let him talk literature, art or society, and he iB equally, as Tallemant des Keaux bas it .ferre sur les quatrc pattes. It seemed wise to the last Liberal Government — Lord Clarendon excepted— to focua all this varied knowledge npon the hopeless finances of India' ; but as Mr Grant Duff has but just passed the cinquantaine there is yet time to employ bis manifold talents to better ad- vantage.— World, 