? Over 190 cantat&B; have been received by the Melbourne Exhibition Commission for the opening ceremony. They have been received from all the colonies. The Mining department has received a telegram announcing that first honors have been awarded to it for the exhibit of reef and alluvial gold and for geological collection in the Sydney Exhibition. The Hon. W. J. Clarke, with his usual liberality, announced, at the committee meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club on Monday last, his intention to give a gold cup to be run for by hunters at the October meeting. Excellent reports of the working of the diamond drill come from Kilcunda. The total depth now bored by it is 486 feet, and of that distance 53 feet was sunk last week in a tough stratification consisting mainly of mesozoic sandstone. The BaUarai Courier states that Major Smith has been extremely ill during the last few daye with pleurisy, caused no doubt by his activity during the general election, but since Saturday evening his health has exhibited decided improvement Mr. Richard Anthony Proctor, the distinguished astronomer, who, since last October, has been lecturing to very huge audiences in Canada and the United States, has arranged to sail from San Francisco for Sydney on the 12th of April. He will probably commence his Australian lecturing tour in Melbourne. A fire occurred on Saturday, at 11 p.m., at Broadlands, two miles from Bairnsdale at the farm of Mr. O'Meara and destroyed two stacks of wheat and one of barleyt and a threshing-machine. Mr. O'Meara is insured in the Victorian office for £187. The machine is not insured. It iB supposed to be a case of incendiarism. What would appear to be a case of abandoning a child has come under the notice of the St. KUda police. Late on Saturday night a male child, about a fortnight old, was found lying on the path in Henry-street, Windsor. The child appeared healthy, and was well clad in flannel ana wincey. Inquiries are being made as to the heartless mother. The Sydney Government has introduced some great improvements into the mode of collecting the border duties at Echuca in connection with the Murray shipping. In future tide- waiters will be paid by Government, not by the shippers. 8hips* stores will not be charged duty. Vessels will not have to clear from the New South Wain side of the river, but can clear direct from Victoria. It is said that no fewer than four out of the thirty-seven candidates who declared themselves against any change of government at the late elections, and were returned, will be called upon to prove that they are not insolvent, before tney are allowed to take their seats in the new Parliament. If that be the case, the number of the Opposition in the new House will probably be reduced. The London court of directors of the Bank of Australasia have presented Mr. Hector Munro, the manager of the branch at Moe, with a very handsome mid watch and chain in recognition of his spirited conduct on November the 6, 1679, when two men named Shanks made a determined attempt to stick up the bank. We believe that the Melbourne banks also intend to unite in making a presentation to Mr. Munro. The three children who were lost from Echuca on Friday were found on Saturday afternoon at Wharpanlla, a distance of twelve miles from Echuca. They were resting under the shade of a bush when discovered, and had been out all night, but appeared quite well, although hungry. The children stated that they were going out to Torrumbarry. Some of those who were out in search did not return till late on Saturday evening. The payment of members question is not likely (says a Melbourne correspondent) to prove a difficulty in the way of the new Ministry. Noses have been counted with the result that a clear forty-six will vote for payment, in I anticipate an amended form. It is not unlikely that this will take the shape of a modification of the New Zealand system, under which country members are paid one pound for each day's attendance as an allowance for travelling expenses. The election results have had a beneficial effect on the value of property already. We (says the Oeelong Timet) are informed that a tradesman in Ashby who offend to sell a house last week for £260 has now refused an offer of £300. On being asked the reason why be had made such a jump in the course of a few days, the owner replica, " Money will be easier, confidence will be restored, and property will rapidly rise, now the incubus of Berryism has been removed." In a day or two (savs a Melbourne correspondent) Ballarat folks will hear of something sensational. In consequence of the verdict recently given, and of possible executions which may be issued against tne commissioners, the Government will be compelled to take stepB to protect their position as mortgagees of the property. The matter is already far advanced, and before the week is out the officers of the Government will, in all likelihood, be in possession of the reservoir at Gong Gong. An Executive Council was held on Tuesday to deal with three coses in which prisoners were sentenced to death at the last Sandhurst Assizes. The sentenoe passed on Eliza Lucas for the murder of her husband, near Echuca, on the 11th November last, was commuted to imprisonment for life. As regards Wm. Punch and m Carbis, aged respectively 16 and 17 years, sentenced to death for criminally assaulting a girl named Susan Hannah Thompson, near Kerang, on the 19th Ootober, the punishment was commuted to 10 yean' imprisonment, with hard labor. The erection of the new wool warehouses in Melbourne for Messrs. Goldsbrough and Co. are being pushed forward, and are expected to be ready for occupation by July next The total length of the building is 313it, extending from Bourke to Little Bourke-street. The whole of the upper floor is especially arranged for the display of samples of wool and grain, and will be the largest warehouses in the colony. The total cost will be £50,000, and they are being built of massive bluestone of unusual strength and durability, and constructed on the fireproof principle. The Government have decided on rescinding the portions of Mr. Longmore's land regulations which have proved harassing and vexations to the selectors. Those regulations were severely spoken about in the Assembly last session, and it was only by making a rallying appeal to his supporters that Mr. Berry staved off a motion condemning the action of his colleague, which action Mr. Berry himself scarcely ventured to approve. The whole subject will be carefully dealt with by Mr. Duffy, the Minister of Lands, and in the meantime early notice may be given to the selectors of what must be to them a pleasing piece of news. There seems to have been a plague of grasshoppers out Smythesdale way. A gentleman who resides in the vicinity of the Half-way House on the Smythesdale road informed us (Ballarat Miner) on Wednesday that previous to the late change in the weather, the grasshoppers having appropriated all the available feed in the fields, turned their attention to the gardens, and failing to find sufficient food in the shape of leaf growth, attacked the tender shoots of the currant bushes, the bark of which they completely stripped. The recent rains and accompanying cold weather have happily stopped the plague. A correspondent writes as follows .-—"The month of February, 1880, will be memorable, particularly in the annals of Victoria. At the close of the month the long drought broke up, and there was a welcome downpour of rain all over the colony; on the 28th of the same month the colonists, who for the previous three years had been groaning under Berryism, jobbery, and corruption, arose in the majesty of their might, and by a strong effort declared their independence of the 'plebiskiters;" and, finally, the month will be remembered as having five Sundays, the like of which will not occur again for the next hundred years." The writs for the election of members to fill the eight seats in the Assembly vacated by the Ministiy were issued on Monday. The districts are Maldon, East Bourke, the Ovens, Sandridge, Rodney, Dalhousie, Brighton, and Sandhurst. The following are the arrangements for the election :—Date of writs, 6th March; day before which the nominations are to be made, Saturday, 13th March; polling day, Friday, 19th March ; return of writs, Saturday, 27th March. The writ for the South-Western Province election, rendered necessary by the acceptance of office by Mr. Cuthbert, was issued by the President of the Legislative Council on Thursday. We (Star) have had the pleasure of seeing one of the powerful American locomotives and tender at the Western station. It is somewhat novel in appearance, having an enormous lamp in front of the funnel, and a very complete and comfortable house for the drivers. It is made on the bogie principle, outside piston acting direct upon six wheels, making ten wheels in all Some of the Yankee notions seem to puzzle the men, who, not having been instructed, could not find the injector until the man who brought it up from Geelong had been sent for, when all went on well, the engine working with great steadiness. It bore the name of a celebrated Pennsylvanianfirm. A singular case of malformation came under the notice of the honorary surgeons of the hospital recently (says the BaUarai Courier). A woman from a country district brought into the institution a young male child, about 14 days old, and apparently healthy," to see if the doctor could ao anything to it" On tbe examination of the infant it was seen that it bad no thighs nor knees. Feet it possessed, and portions of legs up to close below tne knee joints, but at what would generally be called the calves of the legs they were joined on to the body. In all other respects tbe child was apparently perfectly developed and healthy. The doctor could do nothing to it to set it right; and it is hardly possible that any artificial contrivance can be made to supply the defect A proposal has been made by Messrs. T. T. Draper and Co., of 147 Latrobe-street West, Melbourne, to the City Council for lighting the Eastern Market with tbe electric light In a letter addressed by this firm to the council, and read at the last meeting of the council, they stated as follows:—" Tbe present eighteen sunlights could be replaced with say twelve electric lights, and the machine and engine for generating the electricity could be loeated in the basement, such a machine, capable of giving a light in the aggregate of 35,000 candles, divided into twelve or sixteen lights, we can supply complete, with engine, lamps, &c.;, for £1600, and the cost of illuminating should not lie more than £500 or £600 per annum, including all expenses." The letter was referred to the Market Committee. In consequence of the acceptance of the office of Minister of Lands by Mr, J. G. Duffy in the new Administration which has been formed under, the Premiership of Mr. Service, a new election for the county of Dalhousie becomes necessary. Having so recently come from them, and having been re-elected upon the same principles represented in the new Cabinet, a generous Opposition woald (says the Kynelon Guardian) have allowed Ministers to be re-elecled by their constituents without unnocessary interference or delay. Such, however, is not to be the conduct of the beaten Berry faction. We learn that tbe Trentham Reform and Protection League, at a meeting held a few evenings since, resolved upon an endeavour to induce Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to contest Dalhousie with Mr. Duffy. It will be remembered that some short time ago a young man named Edward Williamson was roceeded against on a charge of having smuggled Plto the colony a parcel of Kid gloves, whicn he had disposed of at very low prices. It subsequently transpired that the gloves had been stolen, and Williamson, who is now undergoing a sentence of four months imprisonment for larceny at Echuca, was brought up at the City Court on Saturday, and charged with having stolen a parcel of gloves, valued at £12, from Messrs. Weaver and Craig whilst in their employ. He pleaded guilty, and in extenuation had the audacity to state that his salary of 36s. a week was insufficient to enable him to keep up a fashionable appearance as he desired. He was sentenced to four months' imprisonment cumulative on the sentence he is now undergoing. A couple of members of the Simonsen Frolique Company, announced to appear in Ballarat, at the Academy of Music, on Monday next, have (says the Courier) had a bit of a frolic on their own account, and made a run-away match at Geelong. The contracting parties are the property-boy of the company and one of the celebrated Vaidis sisters, neither of them being over 17 years of age. It is stated that the consent of the mother of the young lady was wanting in the transaction, but as the Rev. Mackenzie Fraser performed the ceremony, it is hardly possible that he could have been aware of the ages of the gushing young couple. At any rate, there is likely to be a difficulty over the matter; but there is every probability of the two returning to the company after a short honeymoon, and putting in an appear- ance at the Academy on Monday next The following incident has been related to the Ballarat Star in connection with the late elections :—About eight miles distant from Ballarat, upon the Daylesford Road, there are resident a number of electors having votes for Ballarat West As the majority are farmers and sensible men, the feeling with regard to the elections was of a decidedly conservative turn. Now, there was no polling-booth in that locality, owing to some misunderstanding, and the voters had necessarily to come into town to record their votes. To suit their convenience, the Opposition candidates had arranged to send several cabs out to the district, but the drivers mistaking the road, went in the direction of Clark's Hill. WTien pretty well advanced on their journey, they met a party of machine hands, whom they decided were the deaired voters, and so pulling up, they took the men into the cabs, who, the day being an off one, were nothing loth to take a cheap drive. The cabbies, exulting in the thought that they had secured a goodly quantity of voting matter, drove with all speed to a booth, but the diBgust of the candidates and the crestfallen looks of the cabbies may be imagined when they discovered that not a single man of them had taken out an elector's right, and meanwhile the Daylesford road-voters were moulding their thoughts into words expressive and emphatic, if not dignified and graceful. He had been a total abstainer for thirty years, and at this exciting political time he thought it his duly to throw in his hat and go for politics, and being a Good Templar the partner of nis joys and cares saw no harm why he should not join the band of Smith and Kerferd's committee. No harm can come of it, she reasoned, Augustus never tastes; but alas for such vain hones, so soon to take their flight Augustus attended the meeting the other night, and as the hands of the clock passed from 11 to 12, the anxious wife became a little alarmed at the non- arrival of her lord and master; thinking, however, some important business was keeping him, she retired to rest. How long she slept is not recorded, but towards early morning the good wife was aroused from her slumbers by the gentle closing of the bedroom door (as he thought), and thinking he was troubled about the doubtful return of bis favorites she made no sign of awakening. However, seeing Augustus make straight for the cradle and begin swinging it, the true state of affairs flashed across her mind, and with mingled hopes and. fears she asked him what he was doing there. " Ah, my dear," he said, " I have had a bad night of it, I have—hiccup—been rocking this blessed boy to keep him quiet this two hours by my watch. " Rocking the boy," quoth the wife," why, I have him in bed with me. Tableau. A strange story reaches the Bendigo Independent from the Sheepwash A few evenings since four woodcarters were returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw approaching them the figure of a headless female draped in white, ond gilding along apparently without any exertion. Each wooacarter was riding in his own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that the men say that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to those sitting in-the other cart. Thus it appeared to each woodcarter, one after the other. Although dressed in white, there appeared to be a yellowish hue surrounding tbe figure. For four nights in succession the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the woodcarters became at last so afraid that when they are now going home with the empty drays, they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in it, but when half-a-dozen men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of young men have, however, arranged to " pot" the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a trick, he may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. As snakes are very prevalent just now, the following acoount of the death of a young man should act as a warning to others whose daily avocations necessitate their being in grassy paddocks, or to those who go out for pleasure, rabbithunting, &c.; On the 3rd instant, a young man, nineteen years of age, named Mark Marston, was out with one Thomas Eccleston in one of Mr. W. J. Clarke's paddocks at Sunbury, looking for rabbits. He put his hand into a rabbit burrow, and almost immediately withdrew it, and said something had bitten htm. He continued rooting for a few minutes, and then complained of his head. His companion helped him along, and tied a stringround the arm and called for assistance. Mr. Fanniug, gardener to Mr. Clarke, answered the call, and scarified the wound, which was on the wrist, and which Eccleston sucked. Between them they got the deceased to tho Rupertswood Hotel, where he was attended by Dr. Leggatt. This was about half-past I o'clock in the day, and by constant care and the injccLiuu of ammonia into the arm thu deceased rallied, and Dr. Leggatt left him at half-past 11 p.m., apparently doing well. He was called at 3 a.tn. next day, and found deccascd's arm in a violent Btate of inflammation. Tho doctor prescribed for him, but he continued to sink, and died at a quarter-past 9 a.m. from the poisonous effect of anake-bite. An inquest was held by Mr.Caudler on the 4th instant, when tbe above particulars were elicited, and the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony. The deceased, who was a son of Mr. Thomas Marston. of Lancefield road, was much liked and respectea at Sunbury, and it is intended to raise a subscription to erect a tombstone over his grave as a mark of respect A Smythesdale correspondent writes :—" Whatever people may say to the contrary, it is an undoubted fact that there is considerable distress arising from want of employment just now in various parts of the colony, and fears are entertained that the coming winter will be a severe one on the working classes unless some means of employment be afforded them. Every day numbers ot swagsmen hard up, and many of them hungry and in distress, pass through this town looking for employment and begging for something to eat It is your genuine ioafer who generally asks for money, ana should receive a prompt negative, but on the other hand, many cases of severe distress have come under my own observation. A few days ago a strapping young fellow with a swag entered a butcher's shop, and looking around him asked the owner for something to eat. He was supplied with bread and black pudding, which he devoured ravenously, and declared that it was the first time he begged in his life, and that he bad not eaten anything for thirty-six hours. A second case was that of a powerful Scotchman, over six feet in height, who nod travelled Mount Elephant and Skipton way looking for work, and asked a publican at Scarsdale for a crust of bread. He received some bread and eheese, sat down and ate it, when a miner who had disposed of a few pennyweights of gold at die bank across the way, said, ' Mate, you had better have a pint of beer with that tucker.' 'No,' was the response, 'but if you have no objection 111 have a lemonade.' ' All right, mate, you can have what jou like,' was the rejoinder; and the tears came down the cheeka of the strong man, who, probably for the fint time, found himself hard up, and maybe thought of his wife, bis home, and nis little ones. These are only a few eases out of many of which 1 have made a note, and it is to be hoped that we have entered upon a new era, and that there will be a multiplication of the sources of employment for tbe working classes as distinguished from the genus loafer." 