PEPPER'S GHOST. The long expected production of the Ghost Illusion will, in the course of next week, be an accomplished fact. Pepper's Ghost, as the illusion has ever been termed, enjoys a reputation so universal that it has completely overshadowed every similar production. The term Pepper's Ghost, in short, has become a household word, and it is not surprising that it has, for, if a sensa- tion, spreading like a blaze of fire amongst inflammable material, driving people crazy, and attracting crowds to witness it, is sufficient to create a world-wide repute- tion for Professor Pepper, it is also sufficient to make the words ' Pepper's Ghost ' equally as famous, and St. George's Hall will, without doubt, be the hall of mystery during this marvellous exhibition. The enterprising speculator who has taken the matter in hand will, it is hoped, when the illusion has been presented in the different towns of the colony, be amply repaid for his plucky venture. In connection with the illusion, ghost dramas will be presented. The first piece to be prosecuted entitled, 'John Graspall's Christ- mas Day,' is one of the best written dramas of its kind. Well constructed, intensely interesting, and the plot ably worked out, gives it a passport to favourable acceptance by the public. In addition to the illusions. Miss Evelyn Eldred and Mr M. N. Griffiths will appear in comedy, drama, and farce, songs and character acting. Miss Eldred's re-ap- pearance is looked forward to with much interest. Mr Griffiths is at last coming out of his shell, and he may feel assured, that he will here receive the same recogni- tion as a character actor as he has through- out Australia and elsewhere. We hear that many startling and beautiful novelties, apart from the ghost illusions, are also in course of preparation, notably the illusion entitled the "Flight of the Angels." The Creation. — Those who were present at the Town Hall last Friday evening had a great treat. The Creation Service was sung by a large and efficiently trained choir, and rendered with a nerve and finish which gave complete satisfaction. The hymn, pieces, very beautiful in themselves, were sang with much expression, and the chanting was executed in admirable time. Mr G. A. Letch has had the entire train- ing of this choir, and he has spared neither time nor trouble. The result is that he has brought the singers to a high standard of proficiency, and the success of Friday even- ing sufficiently indicates his ability for this work. Mr Edward Letch likewise showed himself to be master of the instrumental part of the service. There was a numerous assemblage, and, thanks to all, the funds of the Trinity Sunday School have been materially increased. 