1847 YEARS AFTER DATE, PAY BEARER OR ORDER — . BY PEUTETEE. [The additional sport of the Easter holidayi L __The Lord Bishop's game of shuttlecock with " Sceptic"—What Church ?— Testimony The antecedent expectation omitted by Sceptic and the Bishop.] THE Easter holidays of this current A.D. 1880 were unexpectedly enlivened by an addition to the ordinary supply of games and sports. This interesting addition to the usual amusements consisted in a game of controversial Shuttlecock, played on the one part by the Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Anglican Protestant, and another Protestant, who timidly conceals his protecting speciality under the very appropriate Protestant nom de guerre of " Sceptic." This shuttlecock tournament came off in the new theological racket court attached to the private chapel of a certain or uncertain pious newspaper lately located in E—beth-street, Melbourne, where it carried on business as the leading Liberal newspaper, and managed its affairs so cleverly as to cut the weasand of its party, and is now tearfully occupied, at No. 0 C—ins-street, in trying to stitch up the wound. Out of respect for its divine insanity the name of this unfortunate journal is here suppressed. The match was a challenge one, and as the arena was so convenient to " The Block," the benches were crowded with the loveliest of female forms, arrayed in the loveliest of toilettes, who rewarded their bishop with the most fervent of feminine plaudits; and well his Lordsbip won them, for he carried a very graceful and dexterous Battledoor all through. "Sceptic" entered the lists with manifest tokens of approval from the keepers of the racket court; but he came in with a mask on, and although he proved himself an expert and pertinacious antagonist, his disguise was not in his favour. Whispers went round that " Sceptic " was theReverend Small Unknown, on half-pay of the Blank Church, but, whoever he was, in he came, and took up the shuttlecock the bishop had let drop on Easter Sunday, and knocked it back with a considerable display of superficial acuteness. The origin of the match was this. On Easter Day the Anglican Bishop preached to the congregation in his pro-cathedral church of St. Paul's, Swanston-street, and, of course, very properly dwelt on the miraculous event of the Resurrection of Christ from the dead. The death was caused by crucifixion on an eminence outside a west-side gate of Jerusalem. He died on across. His soul went— where went the soul of Christ when it left the body on the Cross? The right rev. preacher did not enter into this question. But wherever it went, it came back on the third day, re-entered the body, and, in that resuscitated body, he appeared alive to his eleven apostles and to many others for 40 days, and then ascended into the sky and disappeared in the clouds. The bishop said that the proofs of this resurrection were complete, and both morally and le (rally conclusive to all rational minds. A condensed report of this Protestant sermon by the Protestant Bishop of Melbourne appeared in the discrowned leading Liberal journal on Easter Monday, and brought out "Sceptic" on Easter Tuesday with a very carefully and well written letter, saying that he had a rational mind, and that, nevertheless, he could not see the Resurrection with his Lordship's eyes, and therefore he suspended his belief in the alleged fact—1st, because some of the witnesses differed about the circumstances of the rising; 2nd, because there was an antecedent improbability so strong against the rising in the very nature of things which no amount of testimony could overcome or prove to 'his satisfaction; and, 3rd, that, regarded materialistically, any such resurrection or ascension as that of Christ's was impossible. On Easter Wednesday his Lordship knocked the shuttlecock back to " Sceptic," by showing that the witnesses of the Resurrection did not contradict one another, hut rather confirmed one another's evidence by the independent statements of each, all agreeing in the main fact, though omitting some details, as honest and independent witnesses would be sure to do. There were a few discrepancies in the different narratives of the four evangelists, but these could be conceivably reconciled, and that the claims and character of Christ, and the martyr deaths of Ms apostles, put all deception out of the question. Supposing the apostles were telling lies, when they declared that Christ was risen, they died for that lie. Would any man first invent a lie, and then allow himself to be torn to pieces by lions, in order to make other people believe his lie. No. The resurrection actually took place. The disciples saw, and spoke to Christ, and ate anddrank with Him,andreceivedcommands from Him after His Resurrection. They preached the Resurrection in Judea, and in parts of Asia, and Europe, apd Africa. They knew it was a most solemn truth, so true that they accepted of death? of the most painful and'torturing; kind rather than deny it. On Easter Thursday " Sceptic" smartly struck the shuttlecock back to his \- Lordship. He said that, while admiring the - bishop's urbanity, he was amazed at his reasoning. He said the bishop confused moral with physical facts, and impugned the theory of scripture inspiration. For if the Holy Ghost ihspiredone to write one thing, all the evangelists should agree verbally in' what that one wrote. If they differed, then the inspiration was doubtful. "Sceptic" said also that the bishop had shifted his argument, -and quoted " Essays and Reviews" to illua trate his meaning. On Easter Friday Dr. Moorhouse came out in full armour, and sent the shuttlecock flying back to, "Sceptic" in superb style. He told" Sceptic" that he had confounded two' things wholly distinct, and then pointed out the mistake, which was in mixing up testimony with impossibilities. "Sceptic had left out the idea of God. If there was a God who sent His Son into the world to die for the sins of the world, that God could raise that Son from the dead. Therefore the miracle was possible. If it was possible, it was a matter of testimony, and the testimony being true, the fact of the resurrection was proved. The bishop fairly demolished the Huxley-Tyndall materialistic theory which had lately been quoted by Mr. Marcus Clarke in his pamphlet. Materialists say that the universe is governed by unalterable laws. One of these is gravitation. But Mr. Home, the spiritist, rose up in the air, and floated in the air, contrary to the materialistic theory, and thus detroyed the theory by disproving it. THE ANTECEDENT BELIEF. I recur to this Protestant game of doctrinal shuttlecock between Dr. Moorhouse and " Sceptic" in order to call the particular attention of some young Catholic friends, as well as of some esteemed readers, who have read more or less thoughtfully the correspondence in the Age between Dr. Moorhouse and "Sceptic." Young Catholics who read the Protestant newspapers will derive no harm from them if they read such Protestant controversy merely to detect its fallacies. Every young Catholic of sufficient education who read the " Sceptic" attack on Dr. Moorhouse last week cannot fail to have noticed the total unconsciousness the two Protestant disputants betray of any broader, stronger, firmer, or a more intellectually satisfying line of argument, or any more corroborative testimony to the fact of Christ's resurrection than the few verses in the end of the four evangelist accounts respectively. Taken up by themselves, taken up by Protestant hands, torn away from their proper interpretive expositor, the few verses which record the incidents surrounding the Resurrection cannot bring conviction to the minds even of those so highly cultivated as " Sceptic's." He lacks no scholarly or lawyerly qualification for the critical analysis of the scripture accounts of the resurrection, so plain, so simple, so unsophisticated as they are. Yet he rises from their examination with a frigid disdain both of their evidential value and their veracity, and goes away without the slightest apparent suspicion that any further inquiry need be made, or that further testimony is availably at hand. And when Dr. Moorhouse takes the New Testament in hand to teach his " Sceptic" challenger a more excellent method for weighing and sifting elliptical portions of scripture, his Lordship gives only the slightest and all but imperceptible hint that his biblical studies have been conducted on a better basis than that of " Sceptic." This one brief hint—so brief and so small as to seem almost unintentional—is to be found, like a single grain of wheat in a barn full of chaff, in the last line of his Lordship's letter of Easter Wednesday, 31st March. The reading of this one line is as follows:— And [in my sermon on Easter Sunday] I showed finally . . . that it' a man weigh and appreciate these facts [the facts connected with the Resurrection], and then turn to ihe testimony of St. Paul, . . . unless I am mistaken, he will be disposed to give greater weight than " Sceptic" does to the Church's testimony that "The Lord is risen indeed." In this one concluding line of his letter in the Age, 31st March (which I put in italics), we have the sole reference his Lordship makes to the existence of any such institution as " The Church" throughout the whole of his argument with " Sceptic." .One cannot refrain from smiling at the somewhat abrupt manner in which his Lordship passes from the'frequent use of the word " scripture" to -that of " Church," as if to wind up with, and suddenly stun the " Sceptic" with a blow of the ecclesiastical hammer when he least expected it. " Sceptic," it must be admitted, does not appear to feel the blow, or, at least, he does not cry out as if either hurt or frightened' by it. He does not ask the bishop why he drags in " the Church" as if her name had either persuasion or potency in it. " Sceptic," does not protest against the introduction of "the Church" as a factor in the calculation of improbabilities against the Resurrection. "Sceptic" simply takes no notice of the bishop's figure of speech, but goes on with his sceptical objections just as if his Lordship had not used such an unmeaning term. The matter in debate between Dr. Moorhouse and "Sceptic" was one pre-eminently relevant to "the Church," the word being rightly applied. In what sense does Dr. Moorhouse as a Protestant bishop apply it?" WHAT CHURCH does his Lordship mean when he speaks of her testimony to the Resurrection ? Does he mean the" Church of England?" Was the Church of Englahd present-at the rising of our Lord from the tomb? If not, what' Church does he mean ;and ; in what sense is the Scripture'' testiinOmy favour of the RMriiMbtiCmto'b'e'taken'saa ''"the Church's testimonyt* 1 v An Dr. Moorhouse to explain how,on Protestant principles, the testimony of " the Church"could validate or verify the testimony - 'of' holy scripture. Is it not declared by the Thirty-nine Articles that it is the scriptures which prove everything necessary to salvation, and belief in the Resurrection is necessary, I presume? Why then does his Lordship bring in " the Church," and "whati Church?" THE TESTIMONY. In law, testimony is the evidence of an eye-witness. Hearsay in a court of criminal jurisprudence goes for nothing. 1 One must see with their own eyes what they swear to. The.apostles of our Lord saw Mm taken prisoner, and one, at least, of them saw Him dying and dead upon the cross. Others may have been looking on from a distance; and when the Roman officer came and eaw Christ's side pierced, and Pilate gave the order for the taking down, some of them may have assisted. Evidently they all knew where He was buried, and certainly they all saw Him alive after He had been crucified. Dr. Moorhouse condcscends to comment on the fo lish suggestion of some sceptics who say that Christ never was dead, but only in a death swoon, or deliquium, or' trance, out of which He awoke on the third day. But then His side bad been pierced by a soldier's spear, which penetrated as far as the pericardium, from which the water and blood flowed, showing tjiat the spear point had entered the heart. Does anyone only swoon or faint when their heart is pierced with a spear head ? Being dead beyond all doubt, as the officer and soldiers saw, He was buried. Very early on the morning of the third day He rose again. THE CATHOLIC PROOF. The Catholic Church herself is as a mighty monument built on the very day of the Resurrection, as an abiding memorial of the fact and belief of the fact. If Christ did not rise, the Christian religion is a most villainous fabrication. If He did rise, the Christian religion is most true. What proof have we of His resurrection ? Now, the Church Catholic is itself the first and greatest of all proofs. When did the Catholic Church begin? Before or at the Resurrection ? Has there ever been one day since the Resurrection on which the Catholic Church did not exist ? Never. Not for one day has there been no Catholic Church. Her continuous existence and corporate identity prove the Resurrection. Next to the corporate existence of the Catholic Church as a whole, the proof of the Resurrection is EASTER DAY. For 1847 years [taking the common chronology] Easter Day has been solemnised. No one, no sceptic, unless at Yarra Bend or Kew, can dare to say that Easter Day has not been kept since A.D. 34-5. One of the greatest agitations in the Church was the Easter Day observance. The converted Jews would have it on 14th March, as thfiy had kept their Passover. The Pope, knowing something better, forbade the keeping of Easter Day on the 14th. Polycarp went from Smyrna to Rome "about it nearly 1750 years ago. This difference in keeping the day proves beyond cavil that the day icas kept from the year of the Resurrection. The observance of the day, therefore, proves the Resurrection. Only men mad in their head, or, still worse, mad in their heart, could be so weak, perverse, and ignorant as to deny the reality of the Resurrection — for the Catholic Church beheld it, and the Easter Day services attest it. If there was no Resurrection, how did the Catholic Church come to keep Easter Day for 1847 years past? THE WITNESSES. Nothing can be more confirmatory of the supreme authority of the Bishop of Rome over all bishops than the illicit efforts made to obtain it. After Constantine many Roman Emperors sought to have a oertain bishop elected to the chair of Peter. But none of the great jurists of those days ever denied the fact of the supremacy down to the Lutheran revolt. We have the testimony of our first pope, St. Peter, to the manner in which the first link in the chain of testimony, or proof of the Resurrection, was fastened on to the very day of the Resurrection. The chain of proof commences with that day; and, consequently, the fact is continuously proved from day to day down to our day. What, then, do we want with Dr. Moorhouse's argumentation with "Sceptic?" Nothing. To us it is an impertinence and a superfluity. If the Resurrection was proved by St. Peter's, St. John's, and other contemporary testimony on the very day of "its occurrence, why should any Christian now doubt its possibility or its probability ? Dr. Moorhouse means very well, no one doubts ; and that, as a Protestant bishop whose "Church" began only two or three hundred years ago, he mky have lots of Protestant sceptics to hear his very eloquent, and far better than eloquent, sermons. But his proofs carry no conviction to us who are living members of the Church which witnessed the Resurrection with its own eyes, and whose pastors—the first bishops—wrote the Evangel of it with their own hands, and, having seen and having written, has preserved the records in her daily services,' and read them daily to he* members ever since thjy came from the apostles' own hands, from the first Easter Sunday to the last, on '28th March, 1880. Prating about " dying ; creeds,'' indeed ! Why didn't these praters 'attend the Catholic services'of the H6ly Week, especially of Ctood Friday andEaster Sunday, and then fetf-' ^ ^ble MBttir o&tanir-onlang; ' rionserise - .'about " dying Dying Ohtlrches l^Yaji the.damp, ^hiit 'np conventideii f devcmay '16rikBa A>n this aidwyeFsary Of'their K^eem&Vfegofey; ^hd'fctbnirig who ought to be there Mourning 'for 5 thB sins that cost His blood are all off picnicing, hobnobbing, feasting, aridjjlaying "belly 1 god," and the rats and mice romping in the closed preachment shops. Dying, indeed ! It would be a blessed release for the world these " Churches'.' have infidelised if they were all dead ; and sooner and better. But mark how the " testimony" stands. After our Lord's ascension, St. Peter summoned a meeting of the apostles in the TJsrepuoy, or upper chamber, used as their place of meeting and mass, and thus addressed them:— " Men, my brethren, ye know that Judas, by transgression, fell . . . . and his bishopric another shall take. Wherefore of those who have kept company with us all the days the Lord Jesus went in and out amongst us, beginning with the day of His baptism by John until the day He was taken up, we must now ordain one to be a witness with us of Sis Resurrection. Then they cafet lots and prayed, and the lot fell upon Matthias, and he was ordained into the number of the itles." [Acts i., 16, 26.] Observe how St. Peter would have no one to be elected into the vacant bishopric of Judas, but one who had been an eye-witness of the Lord's baptism, miracles and resurrection. Again: St. Peter says to the multitude of people who came running to the TJirepuoy> or some upper room, on the day of Pentecost, "This Jesus hath God raised from the dead, of which we [the twelve apostles] are witnesses." [Acts ii., 32.]' And again: St. Peter said to the people at the Beautiful Gate of the Temple, after healing the lame man, " And they killed the Prince of Life whom God hath raised from the dead, whereof we are witnesses." [Acts iii., 15.] And again : St. Peter at Caesarea said to the Roman officer who sent for him to Joppa, " And this Jesus went about doing good, and healing those who were oppressed by the devil—and we [the apostles] are witnesses of these things." [Acts x., 38, 39.] The same declaration he respeated twenty years after in his epistles. The case then stands thus: When Christ sent His apostles to proclaim the gospel, He sent men who had seen His baptism and the descent upon Him of the Holy Ghost and His miracles, and His capture, trial, death, and resurrection. The apostles were to die, to be skinned alive, to be sawed in two between two planks, to be crucified and roasted to death. What for ? As eye-witnesses of the Resurrection. Therefore, to strengthen them, they all had ocular demonstration of the Resurrection, so that they could die, but couldn't doubt or deny what they had seen with their eyes. As St. John says, " What our eyes have seen : what we have looked in, and our hands handled." [1 Ep. i.] Now, this infallible testimony we have brought before us, proved to us by the festival of Easter Sunday, which is the perpetuating proof of the Resurrection as fresh last Sunday week and as absolutely certain as it was 1847 years ago, on the first Easter Sunday. Where then are these sceptics to be found with whom Dr. Moorhouse takes such paternal pains ? They are in his own Church. Tney were all bible readers once. Tyndal is the son of North of Ireland Wesleyans, pious, scriptural Protestants. They were dosed with bible, whole bible, and nothing but bible, and taught to curse the Church in whose hands alone the bible is authentic and genuine, and whoever takes the bible out of the Catholic Church's hands have no inherent testimony of its truth, but must fall back on the eye-witness testimony of that Church by whose hands the New Testament was written. All Dr. Moorhouse's testimony is only second hand, purloined from the only true Church. ANOTHER DEFECT in Dr. Moorhouse's very admirable letters to his 'Sceptic" is so glaring, one wonders how so excellent an annotator could have fallen into it. His Lordship never says one word to " Sceptic" about the antecedent Expectation of the Jews. The whole nation, bating only the small knot of educated Sadducees, believed joyously in the Resurrection of the dead. Job was among their sacred writers, and the volume is at least coeval with Moses. The sisters of Lazarus believed consolingly in the Resurrection. Many of those who witnessed the crucifixion of our Lord had, no doubt, seen Him raise Lazarus from the dead on the fourth day after his death. The Psalms abound with the Resurrection. Being the popular belief or revealed creed, there would be no such thing as antecedent improbability with the Jews against the fact of Resurrection. It was a thing their divine religion taught them to look for. The idea of Resurrection was perfectly familiar to them, and they needed no such course of argument as Dr. Moorhouse employs with his Protestant sceptic to dispose them towards its acceptance. The Jews, Saddhsees omitted, would stare at Dr. Moorhouse if he preached his Easter : Sunday discourse to them, and would civilly inform him they were not "sceptics." They wanted no logic or theologic proofs. They all knew they were to rise from the dead with their venerated Father Abraham. God with them was not the God of the dead: They had no dead. All their departed ones were alive down in Paradise with Abraham. This, too, is the Catholic faith, and all we care for Dr. Moorhouse's' " proofs" ' is to pray that they may reconvert all the Protestants whom the deadly and delusive Anglican and Protestant principle of private judgment, and the indiscriminate cramming with holy scripture; is transforming into such very able simpletons as " Sceptic;" On us Catholics the Catholic Church, enriched by the full assurance of faith in the Resurrection,' drew bills of assent 1847 years ago, and in the same full assurance of faith all we, have to, do is to pay them gladly. "Key jfciak&Wdiffdr6nce; to drawer EasterDays sllSCWHbli* haWfietaithS feinpty toihVin the seeing ofSt. ^tetj who -Went into it} and thaJS&ster;'festival ; tbufl : uninterruptedly 'solemnized'i»rliie tture&t; testimony of'thB i&at; that risen indeed. ' ' ' • ' " " <-r:uit 6th April, 1880. , • ' '' 