NEWS IN BRIEF. A Gas Company is in course of founda- tion at Beechworth. The counties of Galway and Mayo, Ireland, have been proclaimed disturbed districts, owing to the recent agarian outrages. Mr. Solmon, M.P. for Huon, Tasmania, has been unseated for bribery. Professor Pepper is doing the ghost business at Adelaide. The Beltana sailed from Port Augusta, South Australia, for England, on Saturday, with a cargo of wool valued at £60,800. Victoria Theatre site, Sydney, has been sold to Mr. W. H. Paling for £20,000. The body of Mrs. Wilson, wife of W. L. Wilson, of Skipton-street, Ballarat, was found on Sunday afternoon in Lake Wen- douree. The unfortunate woman was affected with melancholia. A farmer named Whitechurch, residing at Mangalore, got jammed between his dray and a fence on Saturday. His thigh sustained a fracture. A kerosene lamp was knocked over in a house at Echuca, on the 8th instant. In pursuance of precedent a conflagration ensued. In making some excavations in Rochester Cathedral precincts, the workmen came across what is believed to be the site of a Saxon cemetery. Instructions have been issued to connect the tidewaiters' room at the Custom House with the sheds at the railway stations by means of telephones. The Hon. G. D. Langridge and Mr. Tucker visited the Melbourne lockup on Monday and expressed surprise at the want of ventilation. John G. Dougharty, a South Yarra sausage maker, was fined by the Prahran bench on Monday, in the sum of five guineas with three guineas costs, for not filling up a pit of offall. Dr. Featherston stated that he found a quantity of putrified meat ready to go into the sausage machine. Francis Gordon, of Northcote, was work- ing at the Corporation quarries on Monday, when he was struck on the head by a stone, a severe cut being the result. He was con- veyed to the Melbourne Hospital. The Tailors' Trade Society are protesting against outdoor working and "sweating." Hailstones as large as hen eggs fell at Grafton, N.S.W., on Sunday. A man named Timothy Ryan has been found drowned in a waterhole at Rose- worthy, South Australia. The Sydney soup-kitchen provided no less than 2807 free dinners during the month of September, and provided a night's lodging for 2044 wanderers. Mr. O'Connor, late with the Queensland black trackers, has left that force and will take up his residence in this colony. A florist, or rather a lover of flowers, named Roach, was sentenced to pay a fine of 40s. by the Melbourne Bench, on Tues- day, for stealing flowers from the Fitzroy Gardens. The Daily Times, Otago, thinks that no reliance can be placed on the telegraphic messages from London, purporting to come from the special correspondent of the Age. Crops in New Zealand are said to be in a healthy condition, but rain is wanted. The Christchurch Acclimatisation Society has determined to prohibit fishing on Sunday. A telegram from London says that it is known that five peers are marked for shooting in Ireland. In a letter to the Argus, Mr. H. Herlitz, Lutheran minister, asks how it is that, as- suming Bishop Moorhouse's statement "that while the German child is amongst the best educated of children he too often becomes a stupid man," to be correct, German educational establishments actually swarm with English and American children. Hospital Saturday and Sunday will eventuate on the 24th and 25th of this month. Mr. ex- Cr. Ritchie and Mr. Milligan have been appointed as valuers by the Shire of Coburg Council. A suburb demonstration was held in New York on the 11th inst, in honor of General Grant who has returned home after making a tour of the world. On Wednesday afternoon a man jumped into the Yarra near Prince's bridge. He was recovered by Mr. Edwards, junr., but the vital spark had fled. James Thompson, a resident of Bulleen, attempted to commit suicide on Tuesday by taking a dose of rat poison. Tuesday's Police Gazette notifies the desertion of sixteen seamen and marines from H.M.S. Wolverene. The Minister of Railways, the Hon. J. B. Patterson, stated on Wednesday, that before the department decided upon con- structing a line it would first ascertain the price required by the holders of land through which the line would pass. George Sheppard cut his throat at the Newmarket Inn, Adelaide, on Tuesday night, and has since died. A large octopus was captured at the Yarra-street wharf, Geelong, on Thursday. We are requested to draw attention to Mr. Burke's ball, which takes place in the Town Hall, Fitzroy, on Monday. 