Occasional Notes. Bv COSMOPOLITS. So we are going to have the Rev: Thos. Clark Laurance to reside in Perth once more, and I am very glad of it, and I think s very general opiuioa to that effect will be echoed throughout oar community. I am not going to enlarge upon any of the rev. gentleman's virtues or merits as a preacher — as an ambassador, in its widest sense in Catholicism— bat I will just re cord here that of all our clergymen in the colony he has taken the foremost place as a thorough social reformer ; and that's jnst what we want. It is customary for us to look to oar friends the Wesleyans to lead off in reforms aiming at social and moral improvements ; but their efforts of the Ust two or three years seem to have flagged a good deaL We want a revival — a stirring up — and Mr. Lanranee is the man to-do it, and I have no -doubt he will not be long setting about the business after his arrival. I would suggest that we have some such a gathering as there has lately 1ieea in Melbourne, but with. less preten sions, called a Temperance conference, headed, by total abstainers. To avoid : confusion,- and to give audience to every body, I would propose that, as a rule, there should be no oracular demonstration, but that essays should be invited from ladies and gentlemen, and more particu larly .from young people, dealing with the whole question of temperance, and, maybe, giving some of their experiences. The subject matter in a no less practical form should be given in the fallowing sections : political ; economical ; physiological and medicaL These papers Would constitute, I am sore, the groundwork upon which would be founded interesting and instruc tive discussions, by which the public mind would be more folly educated regarding the vital importance of the principles in volved. Other temperance organizations, disregarding creed or classes should be invited to co-operate, and thus. Bet the work of reform, so much needed just now, fairly in motion. I am satisfied such a work, if well supported, would produce a vast amount of good, and settle much of the restless Jiabit so prominent among our youth, who, in their spare time, have so little available resource for amusing them selves. It would also instil into the minds of our young men and maidens a spirit of greater self-dependence, where it was want ing, deeper reflection as to their prospects in after-life, when they shall be called upon to fill vacancies occupied by those of the passing generation. Every day, as it flits by, brings that period nearer, and our young men and' young women cannot be educated too soon to prepare themselves for the duty devolving upon them. Nor must they forget that the tone of character formed in themselves will have its effects upon others who, by and bye, will be dependent, upon them. Herein lies a seri ous responsibility. I was rather surprised to see the West Australian cavilling at a suggestion that had been made to publicly entertain Lord Gilford on his arrival. If such a project merely arose from snobbish feelings I think it would be highly proper to condemn it But surely the project of giving a suitable reception to a man who has ob tained, if not the highest military rank, at any rate the highest and most highly prized military honor — that for conspicu ous gallantry, is worthy of the best recep tion it is in our power to afford. Certainly the argument of the West Australian is not a good one, that because when otber distinguished men have reached our capital it has been considered sufficient hospitality to treat them to bad champagne ; there fore it is unnecessary to- improve on such an unpleasant welcome. In our haste to avoid snobbism it is frequently possible to become uncourteous and unhospitable. I do not agree with paterfamilias who does not consider marble- playing in the streets derogatory to a Public-School boy. Such an -act at an English Public School would almost be looked upon as a crime, and would most probably meet with k punishment, inflicted either by the ' awful I Sixth Form ' or the equally terrible I Prefects. But at the same time I do not ' believe an English Public school-boy would ever so far forget his dignity, which I in his own eyes is very considerable, as to I be guilty of such an impropriety as. street i playing. ? Respecting, a singular 'ghost' story A which recently appeared in the Gceloitg ^L Advertiser, The Hamilton Spectator sup ^K plies the following : — It may be stated ^B that Mr. Lissiman did not die at the par ^^K sonage, and the archdeacon never wrote ^^B that he saw Mr. Lissiman 'standing at ^^B the study table,' nor anywhere else, after ^^B death. What the archdeacon really wrote W^^ was shown to us, with a request that we would not publish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his relatives. As some otber friend of the family has, however, with questionable tasie, thought proper to furnish a very ?\ distorted version of the affair to the pnblic, we have been asked to state that the morn ing before bis death the Ven. Archdeacon limes wrote and gave the Eev. J. VV. Arnold a memo., of which the following is a copy — viz.: ''A few nights after poor Lissiman's death I was in this bouse alone, and his room rattled so that I ran up to see what it eras. I looked in the dark rucmi and saw nothing ; so 1 said, with a laugh to myself, ' It must be old Lissiman. What do yju want P Then I had an -answer, not audible, but such as possibly a ejmit can convey, ' Kever mind, you'll follow me soon.' It was singular I never told any one.' Mr. Lissiman died a 1D4. nth before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than 24 hours after wiitiiig the eiugular memo. The regatta was a success I suppose, ^M that is, as far as fine weather could make ^* it such. Certainly tlie good folks of Perth, '? the place which once seen is to love and haviog loved once, one loves for ever' turned out in good 6tyie. I had no notion the city could come out in such Biyle. Everybody appeared to be very jolly and contented ; and the boats on the river seemed dancing with delight I felt veiy much as if I should like to be a \ \ oailor for once in my life ; but haviog a remembrance before me of a trip in a boat when I was a youngster, and the sad effects of that trip on my bran-new suit of clothes, I thought discretion the better part of valour and remained on shore. Well, the first thing that engaged my attention was the stall at the near end of the jetty, covered with fruit, pastry, nuts, &c;, &c.;, aqd the 'here ye are again.' JSow I fancy it is nearly time this sort of thing was rubbed oat. I felt pleased wheu I looked over the programme that the first race would start punctually at 10 30. I believed I had at last got to a part of the world where punctuality was appreciated, and that the first race would start as advertised ; bat it didn't, no it didu't — not by a long way neither. However, when it did it was worth seeing. I had been adead nuts' on the fishermen for this race, as I had been told they had always won it previously, and so I thought I was safe ; but alas I was sold, for the ' Nellie' (a name I am very partial to, by the way) came in a big first, and so I lost drinks. After this heavy loss I seemed to feel less interest, till the canoe sailing came on, and that took me a little by surprise. I'll be hanged if I can make out how the youngsters manage it alL I would sooner trust myself in a good- sized washing tub (especially if it was on dry land) than in one of those banana-cut-in-half looking things. But the boys did the thing well, and I enjoyed it amazingly. The yacht races were very good, but for a non-sailor I think the run home would have suited me best, for then the boats seemed to be more upright in the water and had not that ' sea-sickness' sort of appearance they had when going down the river. I managed to get over to the fiialto — no, the Alta, in the afternoon with a friend. I tell you 1 enjoyed the view from the top of the ' old mill' above a bit. 'Twas a heap better than being in the boat, and she was a rare old Dutch-built frigate sort of thing. The view. from the top of that antique crib was something to look upon and not forget Looking either up, or down, or across, back or front, or, if you could, all round at once, the scenery was something beauti ful, and at sunset the glorious clouds in the west marbled with gold and purple, and their softened reflection cast upou the ranges to the south-east, was worth a pas sage across the briney — or, I suppose, more properly speaking, the ' brackish' — to gaze upon. I wish I was au independent swell, I'd try to buy that 'old mill,' and fancy I was living in my ' feudal castle,' and couldn't I enjoy myself there, that's ail i Fresh air ad. lib., water nearly all round, sky above, and green sward and flowers below, a cool bottle of claret, a pipe, book, and fishing — not to say crabbing — tackle, and be must be s gourmand in desire that could wish for more. The trip back I did ' not care so much about as those blessed waves kept tumbling the boat about as if they intended turning -her inside out ; but it is no use my grumbling, although it is an Englishman's privilege. So I put np with it as well as I could till I again landed at the steamers' jetty, thankful indeed to find myself again on ' terrible firmer.' 