THE' ; ' v. 'i j HAUNTEDGRANGE ??? . ? By 'E. A;. G::' - j ^ . , . . CHAPTER'/XIV. J (Qmtinueil-) J ' 'I left 'the robui;inot; without having' noticed that he' had 1 sbourely - looked the deBk in whioh the'letter'had been placed. | Then it was that I first thought of playing tho part of tlio monk. I felt certain the letter oontaiaed Bometliing of importance to yon, sir, and I determined to try and gain it. In olden days 1 had often takon a share ia amateur theatrical performances got up by tho offlcors and men belonging to the differ -nt regiments where I was stationed, and some of the dresBes I had worn were still in the . bullook-trunks T had brought from India, when I returned home lis General Willonghby's private servant. The night was a olear, moonlight ene; and- I determined to make - my first attempt at once. I knew every nook and ocmer of the oloisters, and I fesolved, should Mr. Eustace pursue mn, to disappear in a niobe whioh I remembered opened into a email passage; doubtleaa one of the many bidlng- plaoeB known in poor Randolph de Olairvaulx'B time. Hastily rolling 1 up a monk's drees, whioh, strangely enough, was amongat my .theatrical disguises, I lelt the Grange, and cautiously followed Mr. Eustaoe for somo distance, to mabe oertain if be were going , -towards the cloisters. When I saw that he I turned iu'their dircotionlatruok off through the trees, by 'a path whioh took me to tbe other end of the ruins long before M. EuBtaoe reaohed the spot— where you are now stand ing. I oonoealed myself in the shadow of ono ol thearoheB — though thore was little to dread from passers-by, the country people avoiding the oloisters as soon as the Bun had set— and put on the long, blaok robe, draw \- the oowl so - far forword that my face wob completely hidden within its folds. I bad often heard tlio monk's attitude described, and had, therefore, no difficulty in personat ing him. I felt euro that Mr.iEuataoe must by this time have arrived at the front entrance to tbe oloisterB. and, drawing a pair of thick, woollen Books on my feet, to deaden lUO' BOUDU ui my x uuuimeiiueii my adventnre. Ere long, I oaught sight of Mr. Eustace standing by1 the very tree against whioh Major Vernon is leaning. Being full moon that evening, of course every objeot stood out distinctly in the bright light. : He. Boomed lost in thought, and aB I waB only occasionally visiblo when I passed through, the beams falling from tbe cloister- windows on tbe pavement below, I believed I bad every prospeot of arriving oloae to the niohe I halve already' mentioned. I -had come up the passage as far as that window, where : tbe bianobesof wild rOBe are waving,' theBoldier oontinued; turning round and: pointing down' to a partionlar oasement, ' when I: knew, by tho start Mr. Eastaao gave, thBt he bad seen me. For a moment, he seemed doubtful, bending forward as if to make out my figure more plainly, : but as I moved silently for ward, and oame into the full light, he threw his arm around the.tree and beosme of Btioh a deathly paleness, that. I almost expooted to see him drop lifeless al my feet.' 'It is marvellous he did not, Wilson,'* bis maBter .exclaimed, '.' with bis .heart ,in tbe oon^ition it was.' 'Poor Mr. EuBtaoe,' the soldier anaworcd, hia jweaiher-heaten faoe .looking sorrowful enough ; ' I knew. nothing qf thoBe terrible attaoiB, or, believe me, eir, I , would never havo ployed suoh a trick upon . him. I'only thought of how to gain that letter for yop.' , fuaqoiie eiixe ol that, WilBOO, ' Captain Willotigbby' ?said, .^kindly, and. the soldier' resumed bis story. ' ,'I sawh'e'avji clouds gathering, and know that, before long, the moon'wonld be hidden for a while, bo I oontinued to approach Mi-. Eustaoe, until I could almoBt have touched him. Anything like the horror his faoe expressod l havo never Beon ; I am sure no other thought was in his mind than that tho spirit of tbe murdered monk stood boforo him. JuBt then a blaok oloud obE cured the moon, and I, taking advantage of it, retreated to the niobe, and proBaing a spring, entered tho little passage, and, paBBing through: it, made my way as quickly as I oould baok to the Grange, vory well satisfied with my first attempt at personating Randolph do Olair vaulx.' , .. . . \- ' It ia strange I nevor beard of that open ing, Wilson,' his master said, after a short pause; 'will you show it to ub? Did you know of it, Outhbert?.' , , 'Not-I,' -answered Mojor Vernon; 'if I had, it might have given, mo a oluo aB to where the monk bad disappeared the night poor Isabel and I mot it, for I suppose you entered, U then;?' ho added, turning' to. tlie Boldier. ' ! ? Wilsou laughed. 'Yes, major, it would not hayo done to havo ttied any. other plain with .you. You are too swift a runner for mo to' have attempted to eaoape by flight. -Will you oome this way, oaptain, and I will show you the passage?!' ?? Thoy all followed him and entered tlie niche, whioh was flooded with the bright moonlight. Tbe soldier touohed a large Btone ra the oontro of. .the wall, and, to their' astonishment, the whole mass receded, show-' ing a narrow, dark entrance. '.'Will you come in, Violet,', her husband asked, ' and walk through it ?: We shall understand Wilson's Btory more olearly after doing bo.' 'Bettpr not, sir,' the man Baid, hastily. ' The air is very close from being so shut in, and it might make Mrs. Willoughby fee faint.' Pernaps tbe major will como witb me, and I will show him tbe outlet. It is near the ruined wall, but bo. hidden by busheB and undergrowth that rib one, ignorant of tbe faot, would imagine there was. any opening. I will olose the atone as we enter.' ' Perhaps it will be. the best plan,' Herbert said. ' You look tired. Violet, bo we will go baok, and Outhbert will follow when be lias finished his exploring. Wilson,' he udded, turning to tho soldier, ' yon will find us in the library. I want' to ask a few ques tions about the night you appeared there to Mr. St. John and myself.' ' Very well, air,' was the man's reply, as ho touohed the Btone and was hidden from view. 1 . ' ' ' One ' oan Boafoely imagine an opening was- there just now, Herbert,' Violet ex olaimed. 'Do you know,' she oontinued, liftiug her sweet face to his, ' I am so glad tohave heard WilBon'a Btory ? Of course, I knew it must be a trick, but it made 'me nervous to think that, whoever it might be that played it, we were snbjeot at any time to be alarmed by it.' Oaptain Willoughby drew her oloser to bim. ' I am very glad too, Violet; -but, my darling, I never intended to settle down here unleas the mystery of the monk were solved. Much as I love the dear old Grange and ail belonging to it, I. would never have risked your health and happiness by Btaying in it whilst you were liable to meet that figure.' Tbe evening bad fairly olosed in when Mojor Vernon and Wilson entered the library. .'You must oome down ' to-morrow, Wil. lorighby,' the former said, aa he sat down by tbe fire, that was Btill pleaaarit of a night, 'fit is a most' ourious liiding-p'looc, bud I have no doubt that ,we might find several \- others with a littlo searching for them.' 'Very likely,' Herbert answered. 'And now, Wilson, for what pozzlos me even more than the oloister mystery—how did you mariage to appear in tbiB room ia the. way you did?'' A look of amnsement oroseed the soldier's ? face. ' ' Would Mrs. Willoughby like to see the' monk for onoe,1 sir ?' he aBkod. ' He shall enter by tbe very way that so pnzzloa yon if she would like bim to do bo.' \- Violet laughed.: ; :l \- ; 'I should liko it very much', ', Wilson ; I shall not feel frightened now.' ; The man left the room, and, ere many minutes had passed, tho panel of the wall beside the oaken cabinet letieited, and the monk, one arm ut'-lif ted, and his face hidden in the I olds of his cowl, advanced towards tbem. A hushed' silence fell on the three who stood looking at the figure. Violet's hand clasped c'o=er ttaut of her husband, while a shudder ran thrangh her frame. Even though she knew it was but Wilton in. disguise, a feeling of terror oame over ber at the sudden appearance, tbe noiseless j approach, the uneaithly look of the monk. J Cutbbert and Herbert were silent fiom sheer astonishment, and it was only the nervous pressure of Violet's hand that at last roused the latter. ' Throw back that cowl, 'Wilson,' he exclaimed; 'I can scarcely believe the truth even now. Let us eee your face, and then tell ub how you can manage to 'enter the room- in this way.'.. , ; : - ? Z- The soldier obeyed. .Pushing the dark bood on to. his Bhoulders, the ' contrast between the weather-beaten faoe, with the, eyes and mouth expressive of the greatest amusement, and the Bombre, eloomy dress, was so ludicrous a one, that Major. Verncn and Herbert involuntatily bioke into a'fit of laughter, and Violet smiled as ? Bhe thought of her momentary terror. , ' No wonder that you and poor St. John marvelled at the apparition,' Cuthbi-rt said 5 ' but Wilson, liqw did you learn the Beoret spring P' v. 'It was about Bix months before the' general's death, sir, that I, first knew of it; he had just purchased that picturo which hangs over the, fireplace, and had called me in to undo the case in , whioh it bad .been paoked. Alter fixing on several places, the, general at last. determined on hanging it' on the panel which, moved baok, on, my enttance justnow; but, to our emprisc/on mo driviTior in 'a nail, wa found, trom the hollow sound, that some vacant place, was behind .it. The .general at once devined the truth, that we had , como upon some hiding-place ; built in . the/ time of the monks.' '?I 'have heard my .'father say, Wilson, that both the Grarige arid the oloiB ters were full of suoh places, but I do riot remeiriber having found Jttny except this ' one, and that in the cloister niche,' he said to me; as we stood pass ing our hands over the panel; trying to find tho spring. We did so'at last here it is, captain,' the soldier! continued, turning round and laying his hand' on a bunob ! of grapes, beautifully oarved, about half-vjay upSit. I... Ho again touohed the spring, and the whole party entering tbe aperture, found theinselves in a- room of some four feet squaro, and lighted from thetop in a man .ner that spoke well for the architect's in genuity. :i ' , :l j 'But how can you get inhere, Wilson,' his master asked ; , '-where does it lead For a reply, the man: crossed, the room, and, kneeling down,, pressed a stone in the wall, which, receding, lefttoviewanarrow, winding staircase. Gi oping their way down, they arrived in another room l of the . salmo siz6;aa the one. they had; just, quitted,' ahd dimly lighted by some faint gleam I of Bovalight, w^9lienter^d b^jJpme oreviic^)1 evidently- made to admit air and A^ain Wilsou touched eomo Bpriog, and they found themselves standing beneath the broad, wide Btepa that led up to tho hall door of the Grange. 'A clover ^hiding place, is it not, sir?*.' tho soldier said, smil ing at thoir surprise. 'No one would fancy there 'was one under their feet a thoy go up and down those steps, ' ?* No, indeed,' Captain Willoughby an RWfrcd.' I do not think tho arohiteots of the present day could plan ono to equal this ; but, Wilson, you left tho oponing irito tho library unfastened, it would be aa well for you' to. run up and close it, X do not wish anyone but ourselves to know of it' 'Thafc is 'true, sir/' tho man replied; ' X will go up'at once,' and he turned to re-entor. ' ' , 'Wait a moment/1 said Major Vernon, ' I should like to go up again.' The two disappeared, leoving Herbert and hia wife still on the terrace. ' Wilson,' Cntbbett said, when they had regained the library, ' there is one, more question I want to ask you— did you know of that letter announc ing .poor Everard s death when you met Mrs. St. John and myself in the cloisters P' , A disappointed look ocossed'the soldier's face. , ' ' Do. you think so badly of me, Major Vernon P' ho asked; ' do you reully tbmk I could have played such a trie* upun yoa, badlkoownwhut terrible news bad anivedP I had hoped you thought better of me, major,': he concluded, his rugged face working with emotion. ?: Outhbert turned to him, his wholo kindly nature Bhowing in the eyes t*»at were dimmed by the recolleotion of his gallant brother's untimely fate, and by tho un feigned auction of the man standing before him. . . 'Pardon me, Wilson,' he said; 'my question was indeed a needless one; none who i know you as we all do could doubt your afftiotion for us. I did not ask it with that thought in my mind. .1 was only wondering if my siBter's laughing remark about tbe u monk telling us eome newa' mi^bt have put tbe idea into your head. Youremember her saying 'it, I daresay; you had just entered with some letters for Mr. St. John. That one announcing Everard's murder must have been amongst them.' 'Yes, major, though I, of course, inew nothing of it then. Mrs. St. Joha'oremaik certainly made me think of again dis guising myself; I never dreamt of it trightening her aB it did, or I would not have done it. - You do not think it in any way haFtened her illness, sir P'- he added, lookiDg anzioualy at Major Vernon. 'No, Wilson,' waB the kind rtply ; ' do not let that trouble you. Her illness is one that runB in my mother's fami y, and had poor Isabel's lite been an utteily untroubled one, I do not think 'she would have lived long. She was never strong.' '?Iam glad from my heart to hear you Bay so, major; I should never have for given myself had it been otherwise. After 1 disappeared in the niche, X hurried baok to tbe house, fearing my absence might be discovered ; and it was well I did so, for I had not been five minutes in the hall when the- library bell rang, and Mr. St. John, looking terribly shooked, told'me to Bearoh lor yon, da there was bad news whioh xmiBt be kept from Mrs. St. John* Would you like to koow how I obtained the papers at laBt, sir?' Outhberl nodded. M When I found that he was resolved not to give them up to tbe oaptain, X determined to watoh him, for; my mind miBgave me, from some words he had dropped when giving me the mesBage for my master, that he intended destroying them tnat night, Hurdy's restleas ness from faoe-aohe made him so wakefnl, I feared T should be too late, as 1 had heard Mr. St. John softly re-enter tbe library..- At last Hardy dropped a&leep;, and I, dreSBing myself in the .mook's robe, orept down, tho servants' stairciase, and, through the hall to the front door, whioh I had purposeiyunlooked the last time I had p&Bsed; through tho hall* I went round to. the library window, whioh Mr. EuBtaoe had left open. The ourtainB wore drawn baok, 'I auppoee, to admit tho moonlight, for the gas was not lit. Mr. St. John was standing before the cabinet, whoso doors he had just opened. He seemed endeavouring to find some spriug, for I saw him pass his hand several times over one particular part of the oarving. 'Suddenly a drawer sprang open, displaying a oarefully tied np parcel. Mr. EuBtaoe took it,' and, with his eyeB Btill fixed upon it, turned round. . I had, in the meantime, entered by the windowj and moved oIobb to him, so that, on his turning, he found himself face to' faoe with me. His look of terror was something awful to witness. The paokttfell from' hia ^ haudsrand, as;I approached still nearer, with a low ory of horror, be stepped baok, anda striking' hiB head; against the door of the cabinet, dropped senseless almost at my feet, X bent . over him, fearing he was dead, but I. soon foutid it was merely a faint, and, dreading that he might reoover consoionBnesB before ' r had left, I hastily oaught up the paroel, and, touohing the spring in the wall* made my way to my room, where, fortunately* X found Hardy still sleeping. ' I left the Grange early the nest morninga and on arriving in London, gavo the letters to Mrs. Grey, and then started on my leave.; so as not to allow of anyone questioning me as to -^ojc lhad obtained them.. I. only returned the very morning Captain WiWougfa by was starting to attend the,funeral!of your poor little nepbew, and In the, hurry of succeeding events, : my master,, I suppose, forgot to make any inquiries. Sometimes X fanoy Mr. Eustace may have . given him someolueas to who took . the papers,. but I may be mista&en;* And now, Major Vernon, X think I have explained the whole of the mystery about the monk and his visits.' ' 'You have indeedi Wilson, and X am muoh obliged to you for doing eo. I confess your aotiug almost made ' me believe in ghosts 1' 1 The Boldier smiled. ' That ia the greatest compliment I ever had in my life* Shall I; get your light, sir ?' he added, as ? A the young officer glanced at the dock. ? 'Thanks, Wilson/' was the reply ; 'and ^ good?night.,,l? . ' Good-night, major,' the soldier i answered, heartily, as he .turned away to | his nightly examination of the house. , | Captain , Willoughby . and Violet had ; remained, for some time after . their companion's departure, gazing in silence on the beautiful landscape that lay bathed in moonlight around them. ' Violet,', her husband at last said, ' X am so glad that those seeming mysteries . have been ex plained.' . - . ? ' Yes,' she answered, looking up at him with her lovely face so full of innocent happiness that Herbert wondered if . earth could show another ao pure and childlike In its exquisite beauty; ' 'the dear old- home will Iobo the name that has olung to it for so long.' ' - ?Herbert Willoughby drew his wife closer to him; and his voice involuntarily took a more « reverent tone, as he said, earnestly: ** Thank God for it, my darling; the evil spirits of envy and hatred have darkened it too long by their unhappy presence. Let ub pray, Violet, that God's Holy Spirit shall alone rule and reign henceforth in the hearts of thoep who thall inhabit the. former 'Hau&ted; Grange.'.1 ' -?:? v. .h'ji ovr.jpmu bmsIT- - il U'lfi rl,.,.' r,r,' ' 