HE WANTED TO BE AN AOTOB. A CITIZEN, whose best weight sever ex ceeds 120 pounds, was th« other day buy ing a couple of hana of a farmer on th« market, and before tho bargain was eoa eluded, the two became quito friendly, and tba farmer «aid ba had something on his mind to commuaieate. One of his boya had a passion for theatricals and was de sirous ot becoming an ' actor. The idea was io streng on him that be bod beooma worthless round tba farm, and the father wa« in a peok af trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention from tba footlights to the plough- handles. "' 'Spoaa I send him to you, 'spose you make fun and lidíenle him and let him soo how fealiah it i«f" suggested the father, and the citizen agreed. Asa result of their planning the boy walked into tba citizen's place of business on Congruei-street catt next morning. The father had called him a boy, but he weighed about 160 pouudt, stood noarly six teet high, and be had a pair of banda a« largs aa tba chromo of the Yosemite Valley. Hie arrival was ex pected, and after a f«w words about the weather, the citizen queried : " So you think you would make an actor, eh ?" *' Yea, I kinder think BO," waa the reply. " What line would you take?" "Well, I kinder Uko tragedy." " Trngody 1 Why, yon couldn't succeed In tragedy I Look at your bunda ! Look at those feet I ltsmemoor your voioe 1 You'd be biased off the stage. Don't never thiuk of tragedy." " How would I do ia a drama," naked the boy. " Mot at all ; in the^flrit piuco yont ears are too large. Tuen your heela stick ont too far. Then your banda would hide bait the otber aetori. Don't try tho drama, for yon mil bi a dead failure." " Gould I do anything In oomedy T" "Not a thing. Tba sight of yon in comedy would bs (ha aame aa the aight of j a hearse on the stage. All the faoioal ex pression you have ia behind your ears." "I've thought soma of .toeing a nigger minstrel," observed tba boy, altar a long alienee. " That's the wont of all. I tell yon, boy, you'd better stick to tha farm. You are not cut «ut for an aotor, and you want to drop the idea." " Couldn't I act a« nabarf" " No, air ; yon are toa stiff in the kneaa." " Couldn't I laka tiakaiiF" " Never 1 Your hand« are too big for that work." - "Couldn't I shift «cenes P" " No. You ar« too big and' unwieldy." There WM a lane and painful ailene*. Then th« boy rosa up and a»id t " Well, I'm bound to go into theatricals. If I can't ba anything ciao I'll be the feller that atonda at th« door to raia« a row, and I'll' begin on you t Coma ovar here I" . Ha hauled the adviser over th« table, olutched him bj tba small of thé -baok, und «pun bim - around, slammed1 him against the wall and dropped him to gae a batter hold. When the curtain roie on the next act thara waa a strictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and tha Ghoat, and the Ghost's coat' waa ripped up tha back and hi« collar tarn open. Tuen Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice i " Caitiff! do yon declare that I con^pt act?" ? "*/ .v; Then the Ghoat dodged aroanoT- tba table and replied: "No, I don't! Yon,are all right-jon arara splendid aotor-you can't help but wini" " And you'll tell me father ao ?" " I will-you bat I will !" " If you don't-1" ... Here Hamlet took three «Up« forward, two back, - aoowled his narceac, and tho Ghost jumped behind the stove and vowerd hefel evan pay 60 dola. f er a private box on tho night ot the «Mu*. ."Tia weill" said Hamlet,and he went ovar on the market te sae if he could sell three pecks of onion teta for cash «town. DttroitWrttFruê. .~ A MA« a tabbed another with a »air of eelsaora recently in .Brooklyn. Il bj alway* dangeroua to interrupt « person who ia writ ing editorials. 