PARKES'S JEREMIAD. Once more the Catholic suspicions are realized by a sight of Sir Henry Parkes in his true colours. The last glimpse he afforded us of the cloven foot, was when he found it necessary for political pur poses to discover, and to bear witness to the reality of a ghost at Kiama. The apparition he bore witness to on Wednesday night was about as real as the former one, and his testimony to it was about a3 truthful. ' Sedition is being instilled into' the minds of Catho lic children.' The bare mention of such an alarming announcement was enough to arouse the moat uproarious bigotry from the mob of bigots whom, we are ashamed to say, Catholics have helped to send into that Chamber. Elated by the brutal shouts of his hearers, Sir Henry rose in the stirrups of his fancy, and hi9 imagination could set no bounds to the amount of anti-Catholic legislation he was prepared to in dulge in. Catholic schools, towards whLh the State will not subscribe one penny, are to be sub ject to domiciliary visits of Government inquisi toi s. Even within our own churches our priests are not to be free from Government control. Nay, even he— Sir Henry Parkes — would be prepared to compel the Archbishop to give the Sacrament to children whom he is warned by the Church not to confirm ? For if his words meant anything, they meant this. In fact, if this bill does not have the effect, avowedly intended, of striking down the Church, by taking the children from her control, ' there is no limit to the course of legislation ' which Sir Henry Parkes is prepared to initiate. And who is the man who thus stretches forth his hand to vex us ? We need not go beyond tho debate it self to discover that lie is one whose career in Parliament has been one of political infamy, and whose speech in the debate proved that his poli tical life had been one long lie. Mr. Fitz patrick charged him with it, and he did not disprove it. Mr. O'Connor charged him with telling a ' deliberate untruth,' but he evaded the charge. It would have been impossible to find a fitter man to father such a measure. It required a man of such antecedents as Sir Henry Parkes, and of such a character as those antecedents indicate, to carry to a successful issue ' the diabolical work of persecuting the Church of Christ;. Ik one of his recent letters to tho Herald, Monsignor Lynch said, ' If I am asked what I mean by religion, I reply tho Catholic religion for Catholic children.' The best of definitions, for it is a definition by means of an illustration. Apply it to the question of education, which the Monsignor was discussing, and what does it mean but ' Protestant teaching for Protestant children,' where it is demanded. But a writer in the Fcho contends that this concession is 'hypocritical' on the part of the Monsignor. Why, forsooth ? Becauso he does not believe in Protestant teaching himself. Supposing he does not ; does that prevent him from allowing others to believe in it, or from believing that their faith may be as sincere as his own ? To be honest — to avoid incurring the charge of hypocrisy) so courteously fixed by this scribe on the Monsignor — is it necessary for him to demand ' Catholic Education not only for Catholic chil dren but for Protestant children also '? In filial; case, to avoid being a hypocrite, it would bo no | eessary for him to be a fool, an alternative so absurd that none but a] fool would impose it. Bat the writer, though he talks very foolishly, is, we suspect, not so much a fool as' the other thing. Tho secret of his silly a! I rifle is that the Monsignor has lifted the Education controversy far nbove the low level to which the Herald and FcJ/o would fain confine it, and has presented it to us aa discussed in the speeches and writings of tho greatest. Protestants of tho age ; and the Catholic community owes a debt of gratitude to the Monsignor for tho judgment and industry with which he has collected from those sources unanswerable pleas for the great principle of Re ligious Education. Speaking of the present electoral contest in Victoria, the Herald says : — ' And the Catholic vote is in the market.' ' The ecclesiastics are prepared to sell it to either of the contending parties who will break up the present National system of free, secular, and compulsory educa tion, and endorse the Denominational system of payment by results.' Tho Herald is not satisfied with the prospect of free, secular, and compulsory education in New South Wales, but it must needs insult the Catholic minority whenever it gets a chance. Logically those words of the Herald would mean — whether it so intended its actions best, show — that no matter how corrupt and unscrupu lous the party ; though its policy may be the ruin of the country's prosperity — the ecclesiastics and the Catholic party care not., but are prepared to ally themselves to it, and help to ruin the country, provided they can fill their own pockets by the alliance. We are not to be understood as saying where the corruption is, or whether it; exists in Victoria at all ; but taking the Herald's words, they mean in short nothing more nor less than the above. And yet, so far as the material prospects of the country go, experience has shown that it would not matter much which side won, for all the dirty potatoes in Victoria have not been in Mr. Berry's heap. Then, as there is little to choose between parties, we ask why should not Catholics make the best terms they can ? Look ing at tho matter prieticnlly, if in the present state of polities in Victoria, the Catholic party said it would support that side which would do it justice — is it to be blamed? Politically, this is an unhappy and an unhealthy state of things. But who is to blame ? Not the Catholic party certainly. They were attacked, as the Catholicg are now attacked here ; t hey were despoiled, just as Catholics are to be despoiled here ; and have to bear other people's burden of taxation, and, at the same time, to support their own for eon science' sake ; and just as it is felt that the Catholic vote is a trouble in Victoria, while each party is furiously striving in the doubtful fight, the vote of the Catholic party, the Herald admits, is simply inestimable. Why is not a lesson for the future learned from the present? What will it be in New South Wales when public education here becomes like that in Victoria ? No people are so blind as those who will not see. The Herald bewails the melancholy fact that the Boers of Africa are unfit for 'home rule,' and the inevitable consequence is that they must be reluctantly ' absorbed ' by England. It is truly a misfortune that they themselves have not realized the necessity of this proceeding, and have become 'restive,' though 'their state is being absorbed in all kindness,' and from a policy the most disinterested and humanitarian. They will, it seems, persist, from an ' ' unreasoning love of independence,' in provoking ' the inflic tion of the shouting and tho horsemen' in the work of forcible annexation. It is hard lines for England. Of course 'it is foreign to her tradi tions to repress the independent national senti ments of a free race. England ha3 no desire to be troubled with having a little South African Poland strangling under her heel.' But what is she to do with those Boers exoept to annex ox* extirpate them ? It is true they have an un reasoning dislike tio either process, and, on its part, the Herald has an insuperable objection to a little Poland in South Africa. But how would a bigger Ireland answer in that latitude, for a restive race bent upon resisting from purely 'sentimental' motives the blessings of an armed occupation ? We are glad to 300 that, through the vigilance of the Freeman, tho free selectors are beginning to wake up to tho action of the Legislative Coun cil on tho Land Bill. We notice that a large and influential meeting lias already been held at Jeril derie, condemning tho amendmont passed by that body tor the closing of reserves against condi tional purchase, and that steps are being taken to stir up the members of the popular branch of tho Legislature to resist this iniquitous at.taek upon popular interests. Had we not; given timely warning of the veal character of this amendment it is more than probable that it might have been smuggled through the Assombly, and the best in* toro3ta of the country would thus be defeated by a little group of ? hungry squatters conspiring in -whispers in committee. Wo were the first to give notice of their doing.; in this as well as in all their other conspiracies in Parliament, and we think the free selectors of tlie colony have long ago realized that the Freeman's Journal- lias been their most vigilant, as well as their staunchest friend. Wo would strongly recommend the ex ample of the people of Jerilderic to all others of , tlie same class throughout the colony. 