? BY PKUTKTkE. [Prince Bismarck's persecution—The' Duke Choiseul's persecution— i The 'Count D'Aranda's persecution—The Marquis of Tanucci's persecution—-'The Lord of Fellino's persecution—Extinction versus persecution.] HAS the hot weather an obliviscent effect j on) the memory ? When tie thermometer stands for a whole fortnight at 139deg., is it kind or fair to expect that all esteemed \- readers should remember anything about the Falck Laws ? In compassion, then, toward human frailty, I will assume that everybody, . through merely meteorological influences, tas ; forgotten that any such doctor as Dr. Falck ever existed, although only five or six or seven years ago the welkin or skiey concave over v.pnr iieade was ringing with his unholy name and his abhorrent laws. Armed with ,-ttha authority of these laws, Prince Bisimarck, Prime Minister of Prussia and Chancellor of the North German Empire, expelled the Jesuit Fathers, and all belonging to them, from Germany. I wonder if Prince Bismarck had any suspicion on bis mind that, in expelling the Jesuits, he was only doing the will of God, and eccom plishing the prayer of St. Ignatius, " Grant, O Lord, that Thy servants may never ceat>e to be persecuted for Thy greater glory, if it be Thy will. Amen." How profound and awful mubt have been the insight of S*. Ignatius into the myf.tc-iies of the divine mind, and hotv clear, bis view of the plan on which God deals with this fallen race ot ,JOUrs, when he prayed that strange and almost terrible prayer on the,brow of the • Hill of Martyrs, in the early dawn ot 15th -August, 1534. He did not pray for peace, toor for success, nor for the permanence of this new "company".he was adding to the invincible regiment of Jesus. He more wisely, and more loyally, and more bravely prayed that they might always be persecuted for the greater glory of God 'Ignatius had studied the matbematic ot the heavenly science of suffering, and "When he prayed his half appalling prayer, he -must have deeply studied the declaration of of the first Vicar of Christ when he said, ''"-For if we suffer with Him we shall also "Teign with Him" wbo was "made perfect through suffering." Bat passing this, there 4s''a curious question, wbioh will, no doubt, present itself to some esteemed readers. Prince Bismarck expelled the Jesuits from "Germany only a few days ago. Only for this "hot weather everybody would remember that nigh-banded raFoality. And the Marquis of lumbal expelled the Jesuits from Portugal ;ijb'ont 100 years ago. My grandmother was " jj'yopng girl then, and her teoollections weut "back to the time of the historic tragedy. Now, some esteemed readers have been fedtnewliat dismayed by the fact that the 'Tesnit order should have suffered far more severe persecution from the Matquis of Ppbabiil, a Portuguese Catholic, than from Trinde Bismarok, a Lutheran ProteBt&nt.; Pray, Who crucified Christ? Was it not Jflis own people, the Jews? Is it not Written that a Christian man's foes jhaU be they of bis own household 1 3jut it so happens that the Marquis of Pombal "was not a Catholic. And it further happens ^hat Prince Bismarck is not a Lutheran Protestant. But I leave the question of their religion open for the present, in order to trace "the course of that broad, deep torrent of per- iwcution which burst upon the Jesuits 100 MSTS ago, until it finally engulfed them in Me'maeW'rom of a Pope's award consigning them to. nonentity. In Portugal the game of persecution was commenced and played by Pombal with all the truculent coarseness of the abattoirs. Pombal, like a true butcher, felt no'dis^uBt at the sight of blood. Then the ^plaV was taken up in France- by a more x&med;, but equally ruthless hand. Except on the field of battle, the Due de Ckoiaeul for carnage. He chose for bis jpflrtner themost conspicuous harlot in France, ^Madame Pompadour, an associate more valuable than virtuous. Next, in Spain, -the Count D'Aranda and the Duke of Alba displayed their blind ski.H in doing, Pharoah like, the will of God on the society. Then the minor Jieads and hands of the Bourbon- team in Naples and Parma went in. for their small spore. The shamrock sward of Ireland has Veen wet with the red dew of JeBuit blood, jjji .England their astonishing. courage in Storing to keep the spark of faith Alive on j£h'e cold hearth of heresy was rewarded with many a crown of martyrdom. The Diike.^lp Ohoiseul entered the French ' army very early in life, and soon displayed great miUtary genius. In the course of a few years he ^tiained ^igh jnilitary rank,, and, leavingthe fxjnj, he attached himself to " the.Court,-" jviji received an appointment, in the wax SfiDartment, He was a man of fine personal /mpearaiwe, refined manners, unscrupulous, mi ambitions. By his ; graceful jttenfs^ipf ; Madame. ,de Pompadour,.{the ing'amistiess, hejrained the confidence ,of r a i t Jjpuis.Xy. : At thfr 3tfin»i;Sfie Janfeniat; doctrines had .become fi , StJRaris.' Sa ^ stained with,ail int^iliBctufd ipHW. anjl argvurjent^live ii.'the clever.filigue ; .known /£he infgfited. the, jUn^yei sity of. Pai-is, S&penftj.-il;^aa^ges, highest 18 neenFmyUyt?' yet Jansemto. jyid panght.hold, of, Reminds jjthe pathoUc -Church « Anglican Anglicans, , , ,, ^ the.real Sofctrines bf the establwhef 'Churchof England. And as Puiflyiiril caus^d a great' religious Strife in tfie 'Atiglioan Chufcch, so Jahsenism, like many othfer yretfies, before they could be formally condemned ;and cast put as falsehoods, excited'S vety fieiy Warfare in the Catholic Church in' France. Never perhaps m the history of the ^athQlic Church WHS a more deadly set of erroneous onions propounded with a more plausible and insidious show of pious earnestness, or with a more pertinaoious and dexterous audacity. I propose to myself ere long to sketch its rise, its s insolent evasiveness, and ils ignominious fall. At present I shall mention only one or two of its peculiarities. Jansenism taught, for instance, that the Sacrament of the Altar was so holy that Christians should not approach it weekly or monthly, and only a few whose sanctity was extraordinary should partake of it more than once in a.year, and, better still, once in seven years, or'even once in a lifetime. In fact, under the plea of reverence for the Sacrament of the Lord's Slipper, Jansenism virtually abolished that ordinance. Jansenism also, with suspicious austerity, attempted to revive penances of 15 or 20 years' duration, as enforced in the early ages of the Church upon those who had apostatised from the Catholic faith, and gone back to Paganism and the worship of the Pagan false gods; and for all these 15 or 20 years of penance, there was no access to be allowed to the table of the Lord Now, the Jesuit Fathers led the van in the attack on these and other Janaem.-t teachings. The Jesuits poured in annihilating volleys of orthodox logic upon the JanBenist faction. They brought the Jansenist publications before the Pope. They obtained the most direct censure of the Holy See upon the Jansenist propositions. The Port Royalists [so called from their convent or monastery, which th<-y built at a lonely rural, spot named Pert Royal, about twelve miles south-west of Paris] professed the utmost respeot for the Pope's derations, but immed' -*• -'- wrote books to ptove that be had mistaken their doctrines, and, therefore, that he had not condemned them. So the contest continued for years, the Jesuits alwaya having the Pope on their aide, This, of course, drew down the hatred of the new heretics and all their partisans upon the Jesuit Fathers, and, especially, of the University, the Government, and the Parliament; for, as in England many members of Parliament, with Mr. Gladstone once among them, were Jansenists, so in the French Parliament, and especially the President or "Speaker," and, therefore full of animosity against the Company of Jesus. Just after Pombal's onslaught upon them in Portugal, a Jesuit father in the West Indies had drawn public attention upon himself by his well- meant, but indiscreet, efforts to grapple with a crying evil which weighed heavily on the inhabitants of islands then belonging to France, but taken by the English in the war that then broke out. The French merchants trading to the islands charged enormous profits on all goods sold to the islanders. The Jesuit father stationed there conceived the plan of chartering a ship, bringing out goods from France, and selling them at a small profit, just enough to pay- all expenses. This plan rejoiced the inhabitants, but fearfully exasperated themerchants and traders whose usuriouaprofits he pulled down. Finally, the trade of the islands fell mostly into this Jesuit father's hands, until his assets and liabilities amounted to 2,400,000 francs. Then the English captured the islands. The unfortunate father's stores and banks collapsed, and a charge of surreptitious trading was brought against him. The affair led to much official correspondence and ambassadorial discussion between the English and French Governments. The end of it was that the English Government paid over to the French Government 4,000,000 francs [£160,000] as compensation to the Jesuit father whose trading they had spoiled. Like many people when they get hoid of other people's money, the French "Government stucktothe 4,000,000 francs under pretence of paying off the Jesuit father's creditors, who Maimed about two millions and a half nf of francs -fro«r.o [£100,000.] rcifm nnn n Tf If the French TV-,™!, Government, that is, the Duke_de Choiseul, prime minister of Louis XT., had paid the creditors out of the EugliBh money, all Would'Kjivfif been well, and £60,00() to spare, Bat the duke was Bhort of cash to carry on the war then' devastating Europp, pad the.^nglish indemnity of 4,000,boo francs came in very' handy. The re«ult was that the Jesuit Father Lavalette's creditors . were ^bbed off with a sliillingp in ', the popnd, 'and, as disappointed creditors <$n. tell a grievous ipie about a bankrupt, a clamour, waa .,raiaejl agaiaet the. Sopiety, as if the ,8ooipty hOtd anythipg to, do with -the, transactions of its one adventurous member. , The society, in fact, tried and expalhadi Father Lavalette for violating the rules or 1 1 iconttitutions,'?,. and:i for ;*eBpiflg ^C iFatherf-.Gen^raliin ^gnoiftiice jot the 3Vieet Ilndian traffic. uBntitheDnke ,dB iClv(iise(ul ic^pared note« -*jth' jtbe ilnt^e Aadat, •Madame de P-ompadpu^, ^faoiiai acnowite plifck withothe JespUsroifceri&wn;'aepount. -Taking a bmt 4rdmf< Pbmbata method of ^-aiibg oirtth' Jelulte.-'ifodTheiag:Tbadly tffi' -foniidney> tb^ay^tW^aroiy.Choiijeol likid' the 'k'iigSB^Mot^^eetaed - ^rti- ^beir Pompadour was entitled to look aftet'the moratabftbe kingdom. She would,.therefore. Vet' heriade 'a^ittb'-trlami;'WiUflfc Bhe ipuft'B^ak^ hfe hM'the ^oitiiig'mefcbetB 'bf PAliMiEtn't -'whrf came to reipects their eoffee id her drawing-room. She would.fill their minds with indignation againtt the trading Jesuits. Then M. Ohoiseul, the Duke, who waft as powerful id France HB M. Pombal in Portugal, 'spoke to MB law offioers. He would nbt stain his aristocratic fingers with bloo'd, like the butcher at Lisbon. Pombal might bedaub his hands in catting Jesuit throats. That wasn't the style in Paris. No. Bat the Jesuit neoks could be twisted in an equally effectual way; and not a kid glove be sullied in the wrenching. Then Mrs. Pompadour earwigged her king. And Mr. the Duke earwigged his lawyer friends in Parliament. Indeed, half the Parliament were ready to brush Monsieur the Duke's boots in lively gratitude for favours to come. Then a bill was brought in AgalnBt the Jesuits, and a most conscientious debate ensued, and the French Parliament, duly i.utored by the head harlot of the realm, aind by the politest of prime ministers, who was at bis wit's ends for money, came to a division, and by an almost unanimous vote passed the following resolution on 6th August, 1762. Let it be observed that the debate was upon the case of Father Lavalette, but through the secret machinations of the Duke de Choiseul it terminated in a denunciation of the Jesuit Society:— " RESOLVED—That the society called the ' Company of Jesus,* inadmissible in any polished state as being contrary to natural law, ie subversive of all authority, spiritual and temporal, and tends, under the specious veil of a religious institute, to introduce into the Church and into the State, not an order which really and only aspires to evangelical perfection, but a secret [this word ' secret' was subsequently altered to ' political'] body, whose essence is a continual activity in order to obtain by all sorts of way s,direct and indirect, at first an absolute independence, and then a universal usurpation of all power. This eocicty inculcates sacrilege, simony, blasphemy, MAGIC, wircncBA.PT, astrology, irreligion of all kinds, EDOLATEY and superstition, immodesty, theft, homicide, PAEEICIDB, suicide, and regicide, and all these it teaches with the approbation of their superiors. The doctrines of the society have been at all timeB favourable to the schism of the Greeks, opposed to the dogma of the Procession of the Holy Ghost, favouring Socinianism, Arianism, Sabillianism, and Nestorianism, unsettling the certainty of all dogmas concerning the hierarchy, the sacrificial rites, and the SacramaU, overturning the authority of th Church! ! and of the Apostolic See ! 1 ! [to which it had always been accused of being the sworn slave] ! The society favours the Lutherans ! ! ! the Calvinists ! ! ! and other innovators ; it reproduces the heresy of Wickliffe, of Tichoniua, of the PelagianB, and semi-Pelagians, of Cassian, of Marathes, of Faustos, and insults the Holy Fathers of the Church, and the twelve Apostles, and Abraham, and all the prophets, and St. John Baptist, and the Holy Angels, and blasphemes the Holy Virgin Mary. [The Jesuits do !!!] It is destructive to the divinity of Christ [the society- is !! !] Attacks the mystery of the Real Presence!! ! and of redemption, favouring the impiety of Deists, flavoured with epicureanism, teaching men to live as beasts, offending chaste ears, nourishing concupiscence, and leading to the greatest sins, including the divine law by false sales ! ! . . . . nullifies the second command mont . . openly opposed to the whole decalogae . . and the maxima of the Gospel . . endangering the life of promoting fanaticism, carnage, cruelty, 6elf-murder . • . . so that this society oaunot be viewed without horror." I have left out some 30 or 40 lines, which are only a miserable repetition of the same amazing nonsense. The first thought of a rational being, on perusal of this resolution of the French Parliament of 1762, must, of course, be that the "honourable members " were rather more than half drunk, or wholly mad, when passing such a contemptible farrago of rabid and' brutal ignorance. But voted it was on 6th August, 1762, and the king confirmed it, and in one day over 6000 Jesuits were dispossessed of their houses, colleges, and property to'the'amount of '60,000,000 of francs, which the Duke Choiseul devoted todefray the expenses of the war, and thus au avoided ji'j this - necessity t •. -- for a reform l * in V 'the OU8 expenditure. Ths society was suppressed in France, its 'property confiscated, and the fathers generously allowed a pension per head from 'the civil list of 5 'pence, 7 pence, and 11 penoe' per day, according to a scale arranged by M. Choiseul. But MonBieut the Duke had sympathisers and applauders and iioaitators at the Court pf Spain. In his 1 palace at Madrid reigned 'Charles' III, a good enough Catholic. He used to order Pombal's'pamphlets against ,'the Jesiiits to be burned by the hanman His Prime Minister -was the Count D'Aranfla! Sf-iJi-S 1 . 11 ? Admir ® 1 ^ Comtoander-ih- Chi^f the Duke of . Alba, an unpriucipled but very able fiscal. It was the faehion now to fexpel Jesuits, and the poUtical mtriguea of the tune Jed the Duke of Alba and D'lritidk to the the conclusibu' that it would J serve their bwnends a,iid fnteresfs.to be' in the fafdiiW But the question WaS how to' get iti'for JII- of Spain was a ? v6W 'di&erent; sort of man from his ciiisins';- ttie-5King r of Portugal.and the , £ing ! of"EVanfee."°However, the Duke ,of Alba Hia a' hedA-fiir diffii juices, and.he and Mslconfed'er^'ihe ! CdtiJ't D Aranda were mon k ' , £ Very formidable riot took place ii BTidrid ' 't^'H not, ^he tumult.tff the'hats.' All'tHe ribtert S^ffffl® fehaijedil J of 'the TftwOTFS^-," •Pff.-'VhOleycity of Madrid see^^rf&L-; '.The paldBe W^srattStSd. ;the -Flemish -^tiard saved the king frote bfein^mtirdered. Even r e t ^ f r o ^ country seat at Aranjuez. The r.^1' 1,1 " turned^three days. Then the Jes^t fZ^ Madrid went forth among them , great was their influence with the they persuaded the rioters to go horn^ I mam in their houses. In a few hours t were cleared and quiet. The an end. Then Alba went to the prime 1 minuter D'Aranda followed'^ ' and they affirmed that the all the work of the Jesuits whn"2: ? I 1 to show their power over tho with the view of inducing the fe; abdicate in favour of his brother Lui, n ! the king was not persuaded though he was very angry at the J on his life and being forced to r ti"! mpt the city. Then an import«nt . t r .°° intercepted in the post-office. w this letter come from? It clml , * Borne. Who wrote it? One of ft®!? minds of the day. It was written bvT^ the Father-General of the clni "; Jesus What was the letter aboK wlm ? It contained the outline of a W' plot for killing Caarles III., and crown to his troth r Louis, because Cbarfe was illegitimate, by not being the of of King Pailip V., who was only hi s : futhtr. Ricci, being a pr.est/ha.i peC knowledge of thi 8 tact through tr,e " cfo sioual. Oa reading this letter of EirX the wrath cf Charles rose to f ury and a royal edict econ went f .,rth to disendow awl confiscH,to the Jesuit bouses. Cuarl* 9 was very jealous of his mother's honour and did not approve of being removed trjm his throne as b.^se- bow He therefore let the sceptre fall in summary vengeance on a society whose Father-General had so stigmatised his birth, and who was using it to deprive him of his tlirone Tie edict soon went forth, and from 6000 to 7000 Jesuits were deprived of their housesinone day and thrown destitute into the streets. Butthi king disbanded the company, and declared all their possessions forfeited. But he dealtmore liberally with them than the King of France I for he granted them pensions of 200 dollars per annum each. Was, then, the Sombrero not at Madrid really got up by the Jesuits ? Did Father Ricci really write the letter laid before Charles III. "Time at last seta all things even." That Duke of Alba didn't live for ever. On his death-bed he sent for the Archbishop of Valencia, Grand inquisitor-General of Spain, and before witnesses declared that it was he (Alba) himself who got up the Sombrero riot, and forged and posted Father Ricci's letter in order to ruin the society which he hated. The great rush of the suppression flood wai over, but there was a shallower stream of persecution directed by a smaller Pombal, the Marquis of Tanuoci, prime minister to the Bourbon, Ferdinand IV. of Naples, who, with his " I, the king,'' and a score of Neapolitan rank and file,marched all his Jesuits over the Nt- apolitan border one fine day. Last and least of the B ourbon diadem wearers, the Duke of Parma, one of whose successors died three or four years ago andleft the young Don Carlos a legacy of £8,000,000, had his dwarf Pombal, Bertrand DuTiJlet, Lord of Felino, to dispense his petty tribute of persecution on the society in Parma, by eliminating them at short notice from his few acres of fertile duchy. Had not the Company of Jesus had enough of expulsion by this time. But, amid the multitude of these expulsions, forget not how Ignatius prayed, and what are all these confiscations and exiles but an answer to that prayer. But now the society is in a difficulty. They have been driven out of Portugal, France; Spain, Naples, and Parma in quick succession. There are no more countries for them to be persecuted in. The society will fall sick without persecution. I recollect the cooks on board the old East Indian clippers often facetiously said to the poop loungers that they always killed sea-sick fowls in the hencoops to save their lives. And as there are no more countries for the Jesuits to be persecuted in, what remains? In May, 1769, Cardinal Lorenzo Ganganelli was elected Pope as Clement XIV. Being a humane man, and not liking to see the Company of Jesus'languish for want of persecution, he issued his bull and dissolved the society. Extinction was the only remedy when there was to be -no more persecution. But here Prince Bismarck comes on the stage, and some explanation is required. 24th February, 1880. _ HENEI J. HIBT has resigned his office as vice-consul for Italy. PotE LEO AND THE IBISH BISHOPS.—The Roman correspondent of the 'bublin 'Fmmn, in a letter 4th December Bays. more lieB have been telegraphed bv Rfenter regarding the Pope and tfae Atofcbiehop tof''Dublin, Adas :—The idea is absurd^ %iJSppostag tbM Leo XIII. volunteered tb^b'ainpion the tsanee of the British Government." If any Catholic eoolesiastioB in Ireland, in their zeal for the interest of their flooks, outstepped the bounds of prndenoe, it is not the Yatiosn wbieb must condemn or reprove tb6m; v The pHest" are amenable to the laws. If thciy have transgreased those laws,' let the civil anthoritie' prosecute them. If they have not triroigreased those laws, no more heed be Certainly 1 Leo XIII. will not itafr WaweH orward as the'aconser of the Irish Gatholio o'ergy, and as the assistant of the IrisM Crown Prosecutor in stifling 1 :i the lawfnl expression of Irish popular disebbtent. Tb® Sympathies of the Pops are with the Catbolia people of Ireland, and it 1B an iiMtolt to him to imagine for a moment tb'at he would interfere in the smallest degree to che^k tbs zeal of Irish prelates in endeavouring hy *" legal means to -diminish the suffering* <" their faithful and muoh-endaring flooks. 