Archbishop Vaughan at St. J ames's. THE new Roman Catholio schools in conneofcion with St. James's, Forest Lodge, wore opened on Sunday afternoon by Archbishop Vaughan, who was presented with tho following address from the laity of the parish : " To his Graco tho Most Rev. R. B. Vaughan, Arch bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan. ' ' At a timo whon tho enemies of our holy faith aro confessedly using overy endeavour to corrupt tho faith and morals of Catholic ohildren, and to con vince the world that they do so with the tacit appro val of tho Catholic laity of Now South Wales, we, tho Catholio laity residing in the parish of St. James's, respectfully approaohyour Graoe to congratulate you upon the completion of a school to which wo can con scientiously send our ohildren. " Although we are able to place an aoourato esti mate on tho value of the threats and abuse of baffled politicians, yet wo cannot but sympathise with your Graco in the anxiety with which recent events must havo filled your heart. Trusting that God Almighty will strengthen your Graoe and your devoted chil dren in our endeavours to ' render unto Coaäar the THE REV. DE. BADHAM. things that aro Croaar's, and unto God the things that are God's,' wo have the honour to sutasoribe our selves your Grace's united ohildren in Christ. " Signed on behalf of tho parish of St. James's, Forest Lodge." Tho Archbishop's roply wo thus summarize i THE PROGRESS MADE. There is always a pleasure in battling in a good causo, and if I do get a few knocks and blows I daro say I know how to give a few back again in a friendly way. I do not think any man ought to entor into any kind of oontest who does not know how-as I was told when I learnt to defend myself aB a boy-to tako punishment kindly. Well, we have progreasod steadily with those handsome schools from tho day the foundation-stono was laid till this day, when tho whole thing is substantially prepared for carrying out the objeot for which it has boon built. I think wo have also mado Borne progress with the education question,-I moan wo havo laid down tho lines of Catholio teaching in the joint pastoral letter, and upon those lines we havo worked, and shall continue to work to the end. I look npon that document-wo all look upon it-as a guide, teaching us how Catholio education is to be conducted in tho future Then we havo, in a great measure, cleared tho public schools of Catholio ohildren ; and, as time goos on those schools will bo still more olear of them. Next the Catholio spirit is thoroughly aioused ; and even those who had their foars at first lest, as thoy say at sea, I was carrying too much sail, are now thoroughly convinced that the right thinghas been done, and that it required a good shaking to rouse some people up to a sense of the danger of secularist education to the Catholic faith of the futuro. I do not believe that the Catholio body has over been moro thoroughly in earnest than it is at present. Tho whole question of secularist eduoation in its rolation to Catholio ohildron has been assidu ously ventilated ; and wo know now, onoo and for ever, what our bounden duty is. "Wo have, in one word, saved the faith, and we have done so at avery small expense, compared with the inestimablo trea suro wo have Boourod. "Wo have lost our fair and honest share of State-aid for our schools-at least, for some timo to como-but we havo presorvod our religion. Wo would 10,000 times prefor to be de prived of our money and keop tho faith than gradually to loso tho faith and pocket tho monoy. TH13 ANGLICAN cnuiicii. I look upon this dead weight of what I may call Protestant public opinion against ua as a great diffi culty, and ono wo should understand and face. Now I will proceed ono stop further. Look at tho Angli can Churoh in this colony. It is tho largest and, I siipnoso, thc most powerful by far of all tho Deno minations. This now Eduoation Bill strikes a far heavier blow at it than at us. And this ita loaders know ; and yet, han it not been suffering from what dootors call " general debility " during this crisis wo havo boon passing through ? How is it that the Anglicans havo not made any way in opposing tho passing of the Public Instruction Bill P look here. The pnblio mind reasons, not like an educated philo« sopher, bnt in its own peculiar way. I believe that this " debility " prooeods from a slight touoh of what I may call the Eoman fever. True, the head of that Church has periodically denounced tho Catholic Church, and anathematised it as a conscientious duty, and I, on tho other hand, make no disguise that intellectually I regard tho Anglican system as the rcductio ad absurdum of all that is illogioal and untenable. Still, how does the public mind reason ? It does not look to words much, or professions, or logical conclusions, it looks at broad facts as they lie in its way, and aro spread out beforo its eye. It says, "It Í3 all very well talking, but what is a bishop with metropolitan titles, with cathedrals and canons and vicars- general and deans and Bynods and saoraments, and tho rest ; is not this something very like ' Popery P* In point of fact, the hoads of both those Churohes are tp-rrod with tho same brush ! In England some of the parsons Bay mass and go to confession-who knows if some of them do not do the same, on the sly, hore P" The public mind is inclined to look upon tho Anglican Church as "Popery" made easy, or "E.omanism" reduced to a shadow. And as tho British public do not like tho look even of tho ghost or shadow of " Romanism," thoy como to tho oonolasion that tho1 boot thing is to dc away gradually-if it cannot be donespeedily-with both substance and Bhadow. Of course, I may not road tho public mind aright, but I feel much inclined to beliovo that I am not very far from tho mark, and that tho tondoncy is to do away with bishops and priosts, and saoramonts, and, in faot, with all thc machinery which is necessary for tho existence of churches organised on the hierarchical prinoiplo. Now, granted that this bo tho case, how can these two Churches be best got rid of ? Suroly, by getting hold of tho rising generation, and freeing them as much as possible from the influenoo of those two Churches. I boliovo that this fooling in tho public mind is ono explanation of the strong bearing thoro is in favour of public schools. PERSONAL PIETY. But there is another causo at work. It is showing itself over tho whole Christian world, and it consists in tho molting away of dogmatio faith, and, iu conse quence, of poraonal piety. Now let us como to tho point. Take tho rulers of our various colonios. Tako a Cabinet with Ministers-I take for granted, of courso, that our presoDt Cabinet, that all tho Ministors, go to church twioe every Sun day - but take tho gonorality of ordinary Cabinots and Ministers. I shrewdly cueBB that, tako them as a body, they are far moro like the buttresses of tho ohurohoB to whioh they are said to bolong than liko the pillars. Again, these is another and a growing'class, too, of well-dressed, respectable men who go to ohuroh, but if, to uso a colonial ex pression, you "stuck them up" on coming out, and asked thom if tho threo persons in the Trinity were equal, or if Christ were as muoh God aa tho Al mighty Father, they would look at you as it you were puzzling them with a conundrum, or put you off aa a rofinor in theology. And this is growing too-this disregard for dogmatio truth, and tho fundamental positions of tho Christian soheme. TWO FORMIDABLE FOES. Thus we have, then, two most formidable foes combined against us, namely, a profound innate dis like to our religion, and a steady tendenoy towards unbelief, and tho moro lifo of tho natural man. I have reason to fear that Anglicanism will not be ablo to withstand tho pressuro of assault for any great length of time-I hopo it may be able to do so. As to ouraolves, if eighteen hundred years of tho furnaco has not melted out our life, or touched our marrow, I do not bolievo that it will bo likely to succood now. No now trials or torments could bo invontod now that wo havo not triumphed over in days gono by. No tyrant can ariso now whom wo, or thoso who follow us, will not cart away and bury. And what aro we to do that wo may most effectually meet thoso two groat antagonists of ours, and subdue them P I will toll you. Bnt first of all I may remark that I behove that public sohool oduoation of Pro testants will sorvo us in tho long run. This mothod of forming tho futuro produces mon and women without faith or dogmatic roligion. Tho little of it that now exista will gradually melt away. The future generation will perhaps possess moro secular i knowledge, greater breadth in one way, and mora indifference, or, aB some would call it, lesB bigotry, than tho present one. There will be a most startling contrast botweon Catholicity and all other forms or shades of thought, and a reaction will set in whioh will, I believo, bring a largo harvest to tho church. Tho fog through which our religion at prosent looma * will, in a great measure; pass away, aa.d people will bo drawn to study seriously the Catholio religion, and then to embrace it. STUDYING THE CATHOLIC RELIGION. And this brings mo to tho most effectual way of meeting the groat prossuro of projudice whioh tells so much against us. If you will tako tho trouble to> study the history of tho way in which so many per sons have become Catholics in England you will find it has boon in consequence of studying the Catholio religion. The vast majority of our converts aro from the learned and highly educated classée of society-those who have benn drawn towards tho Catholio faith by reading and personal researoh. A very large number were once clergymen of tho Church of England, who had boen trained to theolo gical and philosophical thought, and who, having weighed tho Catholio system, wero compollod to abandon all thoy prized and loved moBt in this world, and to become Catholics. Were it tho faot-and wa know it is just tho reverse-that tho learned, on study ing tho Catholio system, were invariably repelled from it, then our caBe would be indeed a desperate one-but it is not so; thoso who join us are pre cisely such as have had the highest education, and possess the capaoity to judge for themselves after most careful and prayerful sorutiny. Therefore, I say, let us do all we can to induce those who have so Btrong an objection to our religion to Btudy it, to give .. it a fair hearing, and to weigh it in the equitable scales of an unprejudiced appreciation. Our great difficulty consists in people refusing to seo us as wa are, in their hugging their prejudices against BB in stead of putting them on one side, and grasping tho real merits of tho caBe. What has happened in England will, before long, I bolieve, happen hero. People will bogin to think for themsolves, and, as soon as thoy do that, the ice will bo broken, and wa shall have many recruits, who will in due time-as at home, as in America-bring others after them. GROWING INDIFFERENCE AND INFIDELITY. ; Now how aro we to meet the growing indifference , and infidelity of the day, whioh is at onoo caused by publio Bohools, and ia the cause of public schools? In the first place, I will say this, that I have always considered denominational schools, suoh as they aro !. now constituted under the Council of Education, tb ; be too flimsy to meet the evil. To a strong poisoa a Btrong antidote must be applied. I think there should be a more thorough and solid religious eduoa- . tion given to tho rising generation than they have been in tho habit of receiving in denominational sohools under tho Counoil. Of course, we have been, so far, with regard to these Bohools, in a great measuro helpless. We could not, if wo would, intorforo with tho regulations of the Bohools, our hands were tied in a groat many ways, I need not mention now. In throe years wo ßhall sustain tho loss of a large annual sum of money. On the other hand, the sohools will fall wholly under our control. We shall then be at liberty to convert them into real machines for turning out thorough Catholio and Christian men and women. It will take a long time before wo shall get all our sohools into tho hands of religious Orders. Possibly in some cases we shall fail. Still, in the main, and on the whole, if wo are thoroughly in earnest, and fully appreciate the paramount importance of tho school quoBtion, we Bhall be able to give a much more thorough Catholic and religions training to the young than eyor they havo roooived before. What, then, we Bhall have to do will be to make our schools thoroughly Catholio and thoroughly Christian, whilst steadily working towards payment by results, which must inevitably come. CATHOLIC OHILDREN. We cannot insist too earnestly or too frequently on the absolute necessity under whioh we lie, at what- ? ever cost orsaorifioo, of bringing up Catholio ohildren thorough CatholioB. If others-if tho State- gets hold of them, they will grow up Uko a groat many statesmen wo know, without oven a sointilla of reli gion in their constitution, and will go to swell that growing class m tho community whioh holds religion in contempt, and boasts of being f roe in tho exorcise of tho faculties, free to think and speak, and aofc exactly as they like. Tho very ohildren before me are sufficiently intelligent and experienced to know that this kind of license loads to anarchy and révolu- ; tion, and that liberty, tempored by obedience and grounded in religion, is tho only sort of troedom whioh is , worthy of rational beingB and of Christian men. And I thank thom for thoir touohing address-thank them for thanking mo for serving thom, and stand ing up for thom, for the genuine apnroval of little children has something moro sweet in it than even that, somo timos, of grown up people. But I thank you one and all, and in thanking you I am address ing tho wholo Catholio body of this colony. I thank thom as Archbishop of this provinco for their truly Catholio spirit, and.for tho fixed determination thoy are showing that they will not suffer their Catholio childron to bo robbed of thoir Catholic faith. At the conclusion of his speech tho Archbishop earnestly appealed to the congregation to lessen the debt on thoso schools, and Bhowed tho example by giving ¿850 himself towards that objoot A collection : was afterwards made, and a sum amounting to over.'. ¿£300 was realised. Tho "heathen Chinee" has so successfully com peted in cabinet making that there is very little to do for those following that trade, and what little falls to tho lot of Europeans is what the ohildren of : tho brother of the sun reject as unpayable In other branohos of trade Chinamen are running Europeans very close in this good oity of Sydney. Tho Celestials aro not equal to European workmen, their only re commendation for employment being the exceed ingly low rate of pay whioh thoy aro willing? to accept. Our Chinese fellow- colonists havo now invaded another field of latour. There is a now business establishment being built for Sun Kum On and Koo Kigin Now Pitt-street, opposite Lynch's Ship Inn. This is boing built entirely by "Mongo lians. Tho workmanship savours of tho Flowery Land, inasmuch as it is indifferent. The courses are in admirablo diaordor. Instead of boing parallel they are converging linos whioh do not meot, only on ac count of thoir not boing long enough. Tho beams in tho building aro much too light, while they aro insecurely fixed. Tho Chinese do not go about their work on tho usual western method. Trowels aro tabooed amongst them, and as a substituto tomahawks and meat choppers aro usod, and they rub tho protruding mortar off with wisps of straw. Tho City Building Survoyor might pay a visit to this remarkable building. As pre viously stated, tho European cabinetmakers have boon almost " wiped out." Tho attack on tho build ing trades is worth considering, not only by tho . Trades and Labour Council, but by tho Legislativo . Assembly, ^.v,-:v 