THE MANDUIIANG "HAT." fTo tint Editor of the Btndigo Advertiser.) Sir,—There is one universal feeling of surprise and indignation throughout Maudurang at the treachory of Mr. Williams in voting against the second reading of the Keforin Bill. He stated on asoore oi platforms, duringthe recent election, tll*t he was favourable to, and would support Mr, Servica'^ reform proposals, and on the strength of that promise he was returned by the votes of the supporters of the present Government, as he would not have had the ghost of a chance of being returned by the friends of Mr. Berry, after ratting from the Berry party as ho did. His attempt to explain that there was some al teration in the measure, and that the Government threatened a dissolution, is a piece of shallow sophistry that will impose upon no one outside a lunatic asylum. Threaten, indeed ! Men of the Williams and Gaunson stamp not only want threatening, but summarily kicking out of Par liament for their political turpitude. These corner sitting-on-a- rail politicians are a curse to the country, they infest. Their only aim is "place'and pay." -They.keep straight on nothing hut'the sugar question. ' And Mr.'Williams has the insufferable concbit to think ho is a bcavcu born Minister. He ratted from Borry, He has ratted from ^Service, " and no reform bill will please him' but the one ;that emanated from' the Government of which he' is a member. 1 Ho ciigK t to'be relegated back to private'- life until lie lias ' some- fixed principle and " political honesty.'' When he foiind his seat'in danger last election he Wallowed the "Farmers' Union" programme; though he was diametrically opposed to it the blectiou' previbus.'.' Hoping that Ma'udu rang will have ail' opportunity''at ah' early date wiiiR'nnt this nrccioiis nbliticiah. IainVetai ' A MANDURANG ELECTOR.; ; j i {To tlit Editor of the Btndujo Advertiser.) ^ Sir,—Mr. II. R. . Williams has by hia vote' I against the Service Refdrm Bill;'proVed'Himself to be as purea political 'rat as "over entered ,'P4r j (lament,..and the electors of Mahdiiraug should show' their'disgust o£ his turhWat conduct, by calling upon liim at o.u"ce to resign liis seat " He has barefacedly betrayed'1the trust reposed in .liim, and should not be allowed for one day longer to misrepresent this large, and'important, 'constituency;; ' We returned Jiiiri to reform the' Upper House on' the Liberal. 'Association pro-, ifgrainme, which is. entirely ;in tho Service Bill,' and ' to' ' oppbse' the' unchecked . control of one House expending, our .money, and the first opportunity ' he has ' to* -fulfil' his pledge' lie. treacherously ".abandon's them. This political . tergiversation must, not go: unpunished^ and the' people's rights 'inuit not be sacrificed to gratify personal vanity or .misplaced ambition by any m6re tyro.i'"it will be remembered that'Mr Wil liams voted against the Berry Reform' Bill, and now lie votes agaihst tlje Service Bill. HS does no t'wan t Reform.' '' He does not want the rate payers of. .Maudurang to have a vote for the Upper. House. What lie does want' is lio doiibt place hud pay. What political presumption J— Yours, ELECTOR, EAGLE HAWK. 