ILLUSIVE VISIONS. MODEBN soienoe has made ns aware that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than illusive fancies caused by some kind of physical derangement of the pereon so affected. It is important that young persons Bhould be made thoronRhly aware of the faot that there never was and neror will be any such fancy whiob is not capable of being explained upon natnral grounds. A person in weak health, though in perfeet possession of all "his faculties, begins to be troubled by waking visions of persons with whom he msy be familiar, or who may have been long dead, or who sometimes may appear as perfect strangers to bim. The speotrea who flit before him. "cocno like shadows" and " BO depart." They represent, in the most perfect manner, the reproductions of things tbat are or wero-utterly intangible creations. The subject of these visitations may hear the spectres convene, and they may even talk in turn to bim. He is perfectly aware of their visionary nature, and h as convinced of their unreality as is the friend who sees them not, end to whom the' phantoms are described. No anapicions of insane delusion as to these visitations can be entertained for a moment, and the question may therefore naturally be put to the man of science, " How can these illations be accounted for ?" The answer is to be found in oce of the simplest studies in the physi ology of nerves and of mind, and shows ns that these illusions hnve a material basis, or that, in the words of the pcet, the " shadow proves iho subitanoe true." To thoroughly elucidate the subject of Ulusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive viaioD, such as have been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the Physiologist. One of the best known cases-deriving its interest from the fact that the eubjact of the visitations in question himself narrates the facts-is that ol N.colal, a well-known citizen and bookseller ol Berlin, who read ao account of his c*se bef jre ihe Berlin Aoademy of Sconces. We «h»ll give the' acoount in his own words. "Durmg the few letter months of the year 1190," says Nicolai, " I had experienced several melan choly incidents, whioh deeply aff.oted me, particularly in September, from wbioh time I suffered an almost uninterrupted series of misfortunes, that affected me with the most poignant grief. I was accustomed to be bled twice a year, and this bad been done once on the 9 b of July, but was omitted to be repeated at the end of the year 1790. . . I bad, in January and February ot ihe year 1791, the additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant circumstances, which were followed on the 24th of February by a most violent altercation. My wife and another person came into my apartment in the morning in order to console me ; but I waB too maoh agitated by a series of inoidents whioh had most powerfully affected my moral feeling, to be capable of attending to them. On a sadden, I perceived, at about the distance of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not see it. It was but natnral tbat she should not see anything; my question therefore alarmed her very muoh, and she Bent immediately for a physi oian. The phantasm oontinned for some minutes. I grew at length more calm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a rest less sleep, whioh lasted about half-an-hour. The physioian ascribed the vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would be no return; but the violent agitation of my mind had in some way disordered my nerves, and produced farther consequences, which deserve a more minate description. " At four in the afternoon, the form whioh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by myaslf when tbis happened, and being ra'her uneasy at the incident, wont to my wife's apartment; but there lihewise I was persecuted by the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always pre sented itself in a standing posture. About Bix o'olock there appeared also several walking figures, which , had no connection with the first. After tbe first day, the form of the deceased parson no more appeared; bat its place was supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances but mostly Btrangers: those whom I knew, were com posed of living and deceased persons, bat tbe namber of the latter was comparatively small. . . Wbenlsbntmyeyes these forms would sometimes vanish entirely, though there were instances when,I beheld them with my eyes dosed ; yet, when they disappeared on snob occasions, they generally returned when I opeoed my eyes. . . They all ap peared to me in their natural size, and aB distinct as if alive, exhibiting different shadeB of oarnation in tbe nncovered parts, as well qb different colours and fasbiooB in tbeir dresBea, though the colours seemed some what paler than in real nature ; none of tbe figures appeared particularly terrible, oomi oa!, or disgusting, most of them being of an indifferent shape, and some presenting a pleasing aspect. Tbe longer these persons con tinned, to visit me, the more frequently did they return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weekB after i they had first appeared. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among them selves, bat more frequently they addressed their discourse to me ; their speeches being miaommonly short and never of an unpleas ant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible friends of both seies, whose addresses tended to appease my grief, whioh had not yet wholly subsided; their consolatory speeohes were in general addressed tome when I was alone. -Some times, however, I was accosted by these con soling friends while I was engaged in oampany, and not unfrequently while real persons were speaking to me. The consola tory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phrases, and at other times they were regalarly executed." Such wai Nicolai's acoount of the phan tom-visitors who addressed and oonsoled him in his domes'io affliction. It is interesting to pursae stiil farther his aocoant of their disappearance. The reader will recollect that Nicolai bad neglected to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood-letting in whioh it was ca3tomary in the days we speak of for onr forefathers to indulge. It was at last deoided tbat leeches should be used, and on 20th April, 1791, at eleven o'clock in the morn ing, Nicolai informs as the operation was performed. *' No person," he continues, " was with me besides the surgeon; but dur ing the operation my chamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions. This oontinned uninterruptedly till about half-an hour after four o'clock, just when my digest tion oommenoed. I then perceived that they began to move more slowly. Soon after, their colour began to fade, and at seven o'clock they were entirely white. But they moved very little, though the forms were as distinot as before; growing, however, by degrees more obsoure, yet not fewer in nam ber, as had generally been the case. . . They now seemed to dissolve ia the air, while fragments of some of them continued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clock the room was entirely oleared of my fantastic visitors. Since tbat time," adds Nicolai, " I have felt twioe or three times a seneation as if they were going'to reappear, without, however, actually seeing anything. The same sensation sarprUed me just before I drew np tbis acoount, while I was examin ing come papert relative to these ph»nnmena, yrhioli I h$d drawn np in the year 1791." Suoii is a historical aoouuut of *uat may appear to the senses of a sane $nd reasonable individual. Before entering on their scien tific explanation it will be advisable to give one or two farther examples of the pheno mena in question. On the occasion < f the wt»icV destroyed part of the Crystal Palace, in th.6 winter of 1866-7, put of Btnsgera bftd beep BMirifteeiJ to tbe lames. The chimpanzee, however, was believed to have esoaped from his cage, and was presently eeea ou the roof endeavouring to save himself by clutching in wild despair one of the iroa beams *hica the fire had Bpared. The straggles of the animal were wutohed with an intense cariosity mingled with horror and sympathy for the supposed fate cbioh awaited the unfortunate monkey. What was the snrprise cf the spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that the object which, in the guise of a terrified ape, had excited their fears, resolved itself into a piece of canvas blind, so tattered, that to the eye of the imagination and when moved by the wind, it presented the exaot counterpart of a straggling animal! Su?h an 'example is of especial interest, 1 because it proves to ns that; not one person alone, bat & large number of spectators may bo deceived by an object imperfectly seen and aided in the illusion by a vivid imagina tion-into fancying all the details of a spectacle of which the chief actor is entirely a myth. A lingular case has been given on strict medical authority of a lady, who, walking from Fenrhyn to Falmouth-her mind being occupied with the subject ef drinking fountains-was certain #h« saw in the road a newly-erected fountain, bearing the inscrip tion, " If any mas thirst, let him come unto me and drink." A« a matter of coarse she mentioned her intorest in seeing such An erection to the daughters of the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain in its position. They assured her that no such fountain was in existence ; but, con vinced gof the reality of her senses oa the ground that " seeing ia believing," she repaired to the spot where she bad seen the founcain, only to find, however, a few scattered stoaos in place of the expected erection. We may now turn to consider the scientific explanation of such curious phenomena in human existence. The causes of these illusions are not difficult to understand, since they in reality depend upon asli<ht derange-, ment of the powers whereby we see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make our meaning clear, let us briefly consider what takes place in ordinary Benaation, when we see or hear the objects and sounds of every-day existence. Ttie eye alighting on an oV jecS transfers an impression, of"that object to the brain through the special (optic) nerve of sight, which leads from the eye to the part of the brain exercising the sense of #'nht. W« in reality do not sae with the eye. Taat organ is merely an arrangement of lenses adapted to receive, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of light streaming from the objects we see. Tae function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlating the conditions necessary for the production of an impression. This impression is carried in due com Be to a special part of the brain, where it becomes transformed into a special sensation-that of sight. We thua truly see. not with the eye, but with the brain, or rather with that portion of the brain which lie3 in direct relation with the nerves of sight. Tae eye represents the leuues of the photographer's camera; but the b/ain corre sponds to the sensitive plate which receives the Image of the sitter, and on whioh all subsequent alterations of the image are effected. Of the other senses, the same prominent feature may also be exprerssd namely, that' in the brain and not in tbe mere organ of sense must be allocated the tru« seat of knowledge. Tie ear modifies waves of sound; but it is the brain which distinguished appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hear ing. The finger touches an object; but the seat of knowledge does not exist at the extremity of the hjjtnd. Tf e impression of < touch is duly conveyed to the brain «s before, there to be analystd, commented upon, and, if necessary, ac'ed upon as well. Oa the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain is the true seat of the senses rests the whole explanation of the ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity When we are conscious of looking at a real object, a sensation of sight is formed in the brain, as we have eoen. Such a sensation we called an, "objective" one, because it is derived from a veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a pers-on whom we see, or of whose existence, even when unseen, we entertain no doubt, the sensation of sound is then called subjec tive." But tb^re are many familiar instances in which the power of the mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received is demonstrated. The day-dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes in which he has once tdken part so vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by the words which unconsciously flow from his lips as his imagination startB into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagination ia the beginning or faint imitation of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing before our selves the forms and scenes which have once been objectively present with us. In tbe dream this power is illustrated typically enough. From the background of consciousness, eo to speak, wo project forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous com binations we are familiar with in the " land of Nod." And if we carry the idea of this same power being exercised in our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, the explanation of the otherwise enrious and mysterious subject of illusive visions will be complete. We know then that the brain has the ordinary power of forming images which may be projeoted outwards in the. form of the fanoies of every-day life. But these projeoted fanoies may grow into plain and apparent Bensations or images under the requisite con ditions. When we hear "a ringing in the ears," we know perfectly well that no objeotive sound exists, and scientifically we say that ;he sensation of hearing in Bach a cass ia an internal or subjeotive one. When we see flashes of light which have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to be gazing, we explain their occurrence in the same way. Now, on such a basis, the ghosts of eoience are both raised and laid. The images and phantoms of Nicolai, like the sparks or flashes of light, are Bubjeotive Ben sations. Ttiey arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the brain which would have reoeived tbe impressions of eight had the objeots in question had an aotual existence. Bat the subject also involves a reference to bodily condition and to memory itself. Primarily, it will be foand that iliUiive visions appear only when the health of the subject of these visitations is in a weakly state. The derangement of the health ia the primary cause of these curious BtateB. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many of the phautasms of Nioolai were persons whom he kaew. Sach visions then may be supposed to simply represent the ©Sects of very recent images which had been reoeived and stored in the brain, and whioh were evolved by the exercise of nnoonsoious memory. Of the deceased persons whose images appeared to him, the same remark may be made-memory again reproducing, by the subjective impressions of the brain, the forms of dead friends. But what, it may be asked, of the strange visions whom Nicolai d d not recognise ? The reply which science ofEers is that these also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must have seen at some time, but whom he could| not remember; mysterious reproductions, by the brain, of events which bave been impressed thereon, but which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even the characters whom Nicolai may have simply ;heard described could be thuB produced, and present ap parently the images of persons with whom he was not, as & mr.tter of conscious memory, familiar. The brain, in otber wordB, registers and remembers more memory can evolve; and it is reasonable tft ooaoeiye that fcsrg«tt«a images of thing* or persons once seen formed the mysterious strangers of Nicolai's making dreams. It- is noteworthy that, only after a long I period of visitation from his fantastic friends, did Nicolai begin to hear them speak. Thus the sense of -hearing had also come in time to lend its aid in propagating the illusions; and the fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning his own immediate affairs and his personal griefs ' and Eorro\v3, clearly shows the unconscious action of a mind which was brooding over its own t rials, and which was evolving from within itself the comfort and conso lation pi: kindly friends. Last of all, that the mateiial basis of these visionary friends resided in,tbe weakly body of their host is proved by their disappearance on the resump ; tion of, the customary blood-letting and the I improvement of the health.-an additional faoc showing the relation of the healthy body to the sound mind. One of the most interesting oases of vision seeing by a person of oulture and intelligonos is that rotated in the Atherusum of 10th Jaruary, 1880, by the Rev. Dr. Jeaaopp, whb, in Lord Oifurd's library, when engaged in copying some literary notes, saw a large white hand, and then, as he telhus, perceived " the figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending siightly over the table, and apparently examining the pileof books I had been at work upon." The figure was dressed in some antique ecclesiastical garb. The figare vanished when Dr. JeBBopp made a movement with his arm, bat re appeared, and again vanished, when the reverend narrator threw down a book with $hioh he had been engaged. Dr. Jessopp's recital called forth considerable comment, and a letter from Dr. Andrew Wilson of Edinburgh, presenting a theory based on the principles of subjective sensations, treated of in the present paper. After detailing the fashionia which snbjeotive sensations become projected forwards, Dr. Wilson says (Athenaeum, 17fh January, 1880): " The only point concerning wbioh any dubiety exists, concerns the exaot origin of the epeeifio images which appear as the result of sub jective sensory action. My own idea is that almoBt invariably the projeoted image is that of a person we have seen and lead about. . . Ia Dr. JeBsopp's case there is one fact whioh seems to weigh materially in favour of the idea that the vision whioh appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an un conscious r<-prod notion of some mental image or figure about which the dootor may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study," It is most interesting to observe thp,t in the succeed ing number of the Aitheueeum, a Mr. Walter Eye writes: " Dr. A. Wilson'B solution that the ' spectre' . . was an un conscious reproduction of some mental ima^e or figure about which Dr. Jesscpp may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study, seems the right one, and I think I can identify the ' ghost.' The ecclesiastically dressed large man, with closely cut, reddish- brown hair, and shaved cheek, appears to me the doctor's remembrance of the portrait of Parsons, the Jesuit Father, whom he calls, in his 'One Generation of a Norfolk House/ 'the manager and moving spi.it': of the Jesuit mission in England. . . Dr. Jessopp, when he thought he saw the figure, was alone in an old library, belong ing to a Walpole, and Father Parsons was the leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of his just-cited book. Small wonder, there fore, if the association of the ideas made him think of Parsons." All such illusive visions are thus readily explained &B; the creatures of an imagina tion whicb, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward, on the seats of sense, as the "ringing" in our ears is produced by Bome irritation of the hearing-centre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of a present memory, and the unknown vision iS the reproduction of a forgotten figure which has, nevertheless, been stored away in some nook or cranny of the memory-chamber. Science may thus-as .we have before had frequent occasion to assure our readers -dispel the illusion by its free explanation; and science has no higher function or nobler use than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious, and brought within the sphere of ordinary knowledge.-Chambers Journal. 