EXPERIENCES : ,. . OV AN , ; , ' EDISTBUEGKii DETECTIVE. Br .JAMBS McGO VAN, , '? . Author of' ' Brought to Bat,' kc. ' ' {Published I); eppcial arrangement with, the Author. . All rights ireserred.] ; ; ., Second Series.— No. XXII. ' . A BRIDAL BROOCH. : ' ? The shop windows on the North and South Bridges were beginning to Haze forth their mighty brilliance in conflict with the 'wan- ing day, when a man, shabby and furtive as misfortune or folly could make one, tbo'k up a watchful position in any entry nearly opposite one of our gaudy and' glittering jeweller shops. The month was October, and the weather for that part of the season uncommonly warm and sultry, a trifling circumstance in itself, but one upon which we were destined before long to stumble somewhat helplessly. The man was not a thief, had never been in a Police Court in his life, I believe; yet he was of the; stuff out of which rogues are made. The: hair was not grey -with care and trouble so much as with the whisky in which the brain beneath had so often been steeped, and the hands trembled more from nervous exhaustion than from feebleness or fatigue. Yet John Tweedie was respectable ; ; that; is, he worked a little when, work was to be had, and at other times got his wife and children to work for him, unreasonably, wondering at times how it was that he was half-starved and shabby while others not half so clever were happy and comfortable The inside of the front part of the brightly lighted shop Was clearly -visible from Tweedie's watching post, and what latterly interested him most was to see a boy of some twelve of thirteen years called from the workshop behind, cap in hand, and directed somewhat lengthily regarding a small square parcel which had been -placed in his hands. The parcel, as the shabby watcher without perfectly well knew, was a gold brooch set with pearls, rather plain 'though chaste in design, and valued, fas afterwards appeared, at about eight guineas. Tweedie had seen the brooch critically examined by the shopman ; then -placed in a little paste board box, bearing outside the name and address of the firm ; and then neatly wrapped in paper, tied up, and- addressed. As soon as the boy had received his instruc tions he took the tiny parcel, left the shop, and turned down towards the New Town at a smart pace. Tweedie had the street to cross, and a quick spurt to make to reach his side, and by the time he grasped the boy's shoulder they were down past the bright shop windows on the bridge proper. ' Here, Tommy 1 ? Don't fear, I've' some thing to say to you !' ? The boy started round with a quick exclamation of surprise, and the glad words — 'Oh, father! I didn't1 know you were behind me.' ' Nor I dida't expect to have come, Tommy/' said the father with great ap parent gravity. 'Here, Tommy, and III tell you all about it,' he mysteriously and confidentially added, drawing the boy still further into the shade. ' You're a little man in your own way, and understand these things just as well as I.'. ' fs it mother — worse ?'' added the boy, with a sudden blanching of the face. . ' It is ; she is very weak to-night; tnd I don't feel .so sure that she'll- ? ' : Tweedie paused and took out his hand kerchief to wipe away a -maudlin tear or two; while the boy looked quick away with a sudden choking gasp, which said more than a thousand words or a shower of tears. - ' Did she — did she say she wanted me home quick ?' asked the boy, after a pause. 'Yes, yes; but that isn't all,' said Tweedie, somewhat hurriedly. ' You know how hard pressed we are' this week, Tommy; and sick people need a deal of nice things. You know they do, don't you f ' Tommy allowed his eye to travel over his father's blotched face and whisky-dyed hair, and then getting back a little disgusted from the odorous breath, smelling strongly of public-house sawdust and bad liquor, he said somewhat hotly and bitterly — ' Yes, I know that ; but mother doesn't get many of them nice things. I believe,' he added, choking a little, ' that she'd be stronger and better if she did.' 'My own opinion exactly,' responded his father with a pathetic sniffle. .« That's through me meeting so many reverses ; and you know, Tommy, a clerk can't always get work when he wishes. Jiut, listen, I was thinking that, seeing it's so near the end of the week; when your ? wages are due, that your master, if you were: to ask. it as a favor, might let us have half-a-erown just now, eh ?'? ' The boy's face became like iron, despite the wheedling, and ingenuous tone in whiclr the words had been 'uttered, and he drew himself up with, more dignity than hia father. couldJ have shown though he had tried- for a 'week. 'No,' he said, with a red flush mounting his cheeks, *' I won't ' demean myself to borrow money. I'll starve first.' 'But for your mother,' eagerly persisted Tweedie. y' To help her in sickness ?' 'Mother told me distinctly never to borrow money for you or any body/' em- phatically answered Tommy.' 'I'll obey her first.' 'But she isn't quite herself just now; she doesn't know what's wanted in the house/' persisted Tweedie. /'She knows, what's right, and that's every thing/' flignificantly returned the boy: ' I won't asK it; 'for I don't believe she wants it/*- ?'-?-'' --??' \ 11 What do you mean ?' angrily demanded Tweedie, wincing in spite of himself before, the flashing eye of the little man.' ' Take ^arel mind Fm your father^ and can half kill you If you give me a back word.' 'I know that, ^for you do it often enough,' said Tommy ; ' but; tha't doesn't make wrong right, does it? Mother told . ine she could keep the house on Madge's six shillings and my five as well as possible if it wasn't for you. You get so many six pences one way and another that there's iiardly .any left to live on, even if mother was well enough to look sharp after them. Wait till I'm a man, and my time's out! Ill show you -different. I'll be''big and strong then, and we'll see who's master.' ; Tweedie stared in a stupid way down on the' dashing ey6s, clenched hands, ? arid blazing cheeks of his boy, and then, unable to make any extinguishing reply, he took' refuge ifl ^ his handkerchief, with which he appeared tb wipe away quite a quantity of tears.- ' ' ' '? ' ?-' ' ''? ' '? -! ? ' ? *;a \- 'I might have expected this,' he mur* mured, with much pathetic ability. ' When a man is unfortunate his own 'children turn against - him ; would kick him out of the way; bundle him into his coffin as a, use less incumbrance, the moment he has helped them on so as to be able to work for them selves. Itf s the way of 'the world. Oh, I wish I was as ill as your mother, and like to die, and be done with it! P'f'aps you would think then how cruel you were, and remember the words you usedi' The boy stood silent and little moved for a moment or two; and then somewhat brokenly answered- — *' I don't mean to be cruel to you, father. I always' think you're divided in two : one part of you is my father, whom I'd fight for and work for to my last breath'; but the other part is a beast, and no -one can ex pect me to like that.1* ' Hard Words; hard words ; but Til soon be dead and buried,' pathetically responded Tweedie. 'Then ybur sneers [and taunts will come back -on you like a curse. I sup pose you're not going, home yet, though you know your mother's so bad V 'I can't till I go down to Pitt-street with this brooch. It's a bridal present, and must: -be delivered to-night,' answered Tommy; 'but I'll run every step of the way, and be home as soon as I can.' 'That won't do. Your mother can't wait/1 said Tweedie, after a moment's thought. ' You run on home and see what your mother wants, and let me deliver the brooch.' ' . ...- . . Tommy hesitated as his father advanced a hand to take the tiny parcel. 'But you; will deliver it, -father ?' he anxiously pleaded. 'You will take it down safe and sound to the right house ?-' ' Deliver it ? of course I will,' angrily returned Tweedie. .'Do you,, think I'm a thief P' He snatched at the parcel, and, with another imperative command to his son to go home at once, moved off in the direction of the new town, while Tommy made his way to their 'miserable abode in South Gray's Close. Here the boy found his mother so weak and prostrate that he and his sister Madge, though both had enough work by day, sat up the entire night watch ing and tending her. ... As for Tweedie himself, he did not ap pear till next morning, and then he was so drunk that they .were glad to get him smuggled into a corner, where he could lie and sleep off the effects of his debauch. When day dawned the girl, Madge, who was barely fourteen, agreed to remain at home for the day, and with a light heart but somewhat heavy eyes Tommy went to his work, to weary for the dinner hour as he had never before done. But before this had. arrived a curious circumstance oc curred, which puzzled him so much that all thoughts of home, or mother, or dinner were effectually, scared from his mind. He was called suddenly to the front shop, in which he found a young gentleman and his employer, both looking a little concerned. 'How is this, Tommy?' kindly began his master. 'This gentleman says he does not think that the brooch could have been delivered last night at Pitt-street, as the lady has not mentioned receiving it. Was it delivered all right ?' : 'Oh, yes, sir; it was delivered,' answered Tommy, firmly believing at the moment that he spoke the truth. ' There must be some mistake. Perhaps the lady has got so- many presents that she has net had time to look at them all.' ' Very goodj Tommy,' approvingly inter posed his master. 'Perhaps it would be better if you, sir, were to ask the young lady directly if she has not got it ?' ?' Well, you know, that would scarcely do,' uneasily replied the gentleman. ' It is rather a delicate point; and I fully ex pected her to speak of it to-day. But 1 asked the servant, and she said no such parcel had been handed in. Still, I daresay it is all right, and that, as the boy suggests, there is merely a mistake or overlook of some kind. I shall call upon the lady again to-morrow, when it is possible she may allude to it.' Tommy waa dismissed without further questioning ; but if they had seen his face, and the sudden pallor with which it had become overspread, they would not have s» readily believed that all was right. It was a nameless, blood-curdling suspicion which had swiftly flashed across the boy's mind as he was turning away ; and, incredible as it appeared, it left him eo ghostly white that some of the men in the workshop, noticing his sickly look, voted him ill, and at once ordered him to run home for diuner. Tommy, it will be seen, was a general favo- \ rite, and his master would as soon have sus pected the . Queen or Prime Minister of theft as him. The fresh air did little to banish the pallor from Tommy's cheeks, for he was like a ghost when he burst in upon his sister aad mother with the wild and eager exclamation— ', Where is 'father? When did he go out ? Oh, I must see him, though I should have to run over the whole town to find him.' No soothing words or gentle remon strances — no kind enquiries or reproachful commands — could draw from Tommy the cause of his distress. He would take no dinner either, and only smiled in a piteous way when it Was spokfen of. He pulled on his cap again, kissed his mother, and was out with the speed of an express long be hind time. He ran to every favorite haunt of his father's, sought him high and low for four or five hours, with one vital ques tion dwelling feverishly upon the tip of his tongue, Tunning up to his home every hour or no to make sure that Tweedie had not returned in his absence'; and at last, at about six in the evening, he was rewarded by: finding the sottish figure and bloated face in the accustomed place in the corner fast asleep, and far beyond answering in telligibly any questions however urgent. A burst of anxious enquiry was upon Tommy's lips, but a significant placing of the finger on her lip by his sister Madge, with a peculiarly grave sidelong glance at her mother's wan and wasted face, drew his thoughts instantly from his own trouble to one of far deeper import. 'Oh, Tommy 1 Oh, Tommy!' hysteri cally breathed Madge, clinging fast to him in a' sudden uncontrollable burst of grief, ' I don't like mother's looks — she is so weak and wasted, and can hardly . lift her hand from the bed. ?; What could we do to make her strong ? She seems scarcely to notice me, and appears' to wish just to be let alone ?to' sleep; sleep/' ' : Tommy choked a little, but managed to gulp down his grief,' as became a man, and then, after hanging over his mother's slum bering form:for a moment or two, said de cidedly, 'I've heard that Wine or brandy 's a good thing when people are very weak. Mother should have had it long ago.' ' Yes, but where is it to come from ?' tearfully rejoined Madge. ' There's no thing now that we can sell.' 'Father always manages to get it,' bit terly answered Tommy, with a scowl at the slumbering sot in the: corner.. ' He must have money or he could not get it. Let's see if we can't get some;' 'No, no ; perhaps you might wake him,' fearfully returned Madge. 'Oh, rather let him alone when mother is so low.' 'I hope I will wake him,' sternly re joined Tommy. 'I just hope I may, as I want very much to know something which no one else can tell me,' and with a skill which undoubtedly came of long practice, Tommy went over every pocket of the sleeping man in search of money. He was not very successful, three half pence in copper being the net result; but at length he came 9a something which cracMed almost as crisply as a bank note, and looked quite as official a document as he wbnderingly held it up to the light. There was first a email square of brown paper, addressed to ' Miss Flora McGregor, No. ? ~i Pitt-street. With her cousin . Willie's best wishes for her -future happi ness,' and then inside a smaller square of white paper; which Madge leant forward over his shoulder with a great start to examine. ' Why, Tommy, it's a pawn ticket !' she exclaimed in wonder. 'Where could he have got anything to pawn? and see, it says on it, * Tweedie— gold brooch — £1 !' ' All this Tommy appeared to have seen perfectly, long before her eye had followed the written words, for he drooped and drooped with a groan of anguish, which startled his mother from her slumber with the anxious words — '--?' : 'Oh, Tommy! dear, dear boy — what is wrong?' - '? Tommy started tip, ? and significantly pressed his sister's hand. ' I am ruined,' he hurriedly whispered. ^ I was to deliver the brooch, but trusted him to do it. I'll be taken up as a thief. Don't let mother know.' 'Nothing, nothing, mother,' he said, springing to the bedside with his abject despair banished by a semblance of a smile, ' only father is home again, and — and— — ' He could say no more, but his shuddering glance in the direction of the corner satis fied the sick woman that she had guessed his grief aright. But the. revulsion from the great start left her weak and sinking, .and Tommy, secretly alarmed at the chang ing expression of : her features and: still grasping her hand, soothingly whispered — 'Ybu'rea great deal better, arn't vouj mother?' ' Weak, weak ; I'll be better when I get a long sleep/' feebly returned 'the sick woman. ? ' We thought if you had some wine or brandy if would do you good ?' feverishly continued the boy. There was no answer for some moments ; but something in the word brandy seemed to have drawn the wavering facul ties of the siek woman back to the wretched object slumbering so heavily in the corner, for she grasped Tommy's hand tighter to indicate that she wished him to kneel down and hear her whisper. 'Don't be too harsh with your father, Tommy,' she breathed with a preternatural eagerness. *f He wa9 good once. Look after him — take care of him — protect — you see 1' Tommy hastily breathed out a husky assurance that he would obey, and then the poor mother lay back wit 'j a peaceful smile, and the - words— * ' Ah, I think Til sleep well now.' Half an hour later Tommy turned to his sister, who had sat by the window sewing hard and soiling her work with tears, and with a scared look, exclaimed — 'Come here, Madge. There's something wrong with mother. She's getting awful white, and I don't hear her breathe.' The work was dropped with a cry of alarm; Madge leant over the still form with her heart refusing to beat ; and then there rang forth in the bare little room screams wild enough to rouse even a sleep ing sot. 'Mother's dead! oh, mother's dead!' was the terrible cry which greeted Tweedie as he started up from his corner, but with much coolness he only said — ' Ah, poor lass, I didn't expect she'd last long. I'm glad she was in a funeral society. I must go down ? and give in notice^ or we'll be short of money.' He ? ? 111 i^i was slinking towards his hat, avoiding his son's flashing eyes, and making hastily for the door, when a powerful wrench at Ms collar hurled him backwards against the wall, and looking up in amazement he dis covered that the assailant was — Tommy ! 'Look here father! look straight into my eyes,' tremblingly exclaimed the excited boy. ' You've gone and ruined me for life — gone and pawned the brooch which you said you would deliver, and pawning is the same as stealing, and they'll be sure to take me up and put me in gaol for it. I feel like.to kill you, even with mother lying there dead — dead — dead!' and a burst of grief choked off the rest of his words, and so overpowered the young speaker that the trembling Madge con trived to release her father from his grasp, when the guilty man at once dived from the room and disappeared. Meanwhile by a simple train of incident the case had been placed formally in our hands. Shortly after leaving the jeweller's shop, the gentleman who had ordered the brooch chanced to meet his young cousin, the bride, when he discovered beyond doubt that she had never seen or heard of his pretty present. A return journey to the jeweller was the result; Tommy's pallor was recalled, guilt suspected, and with stern resolve the jeweller requested the in formants to await the return of his appren tice and message boy. But the hour ex pired and another after it, and no Tommy appeared. What could be clearer ? Con scious of guilt, and afraid of consequences, the boy had absconded. Thus reasoned the jeweller, and he forthwith walked up to the Central Office, gave me the facts as known to himself, with the address of the culprit, aud left me to work it out, as he kindly expressed it, ' with my accustomed ability.' And so, shortly after the hum ed flight of Tweedie from the chamber of death, I, with the assistance of the policeman on the beat, discovered the den of a home in South Gray's close, and with a thundering knock at the door suddenly silenced the sounds of sobbing and unrestrained grief from within. The door was opened, and then I saw at a glance what pulled me back as sharply as if I had been tugged by the heart. - A few neighbor women were assisting Madge in the last kindly offices to the dead ; the boy knelt at the window with his head buried, in his arms, and evidently prostrate with grief ; while Madge, after drawing a sheet lent by a neighbor over the straight form on the bed, was stooping down to whisper some consolation in her brother's ear or to urge him to a greater calmness. .But at the sight of the uniform of the policeman and my own grave face, the pic ture changed as by magic. The boy started to his {feet with every tear dried on his cheeks ; and the girl with a face suddenly blanched to a deathlike pallor passionately threw her arm round his neck as if resolved tr- fight for him to the last breath. ' It's the .police !' I heard her exclaim, and then stooping she whispered in the boy's ear what I did not hear — ' Say not a word, Tommy, and I will try to save you.' ' I can't say anything though I wished,' was Tommy's swift reply, with a meaning glance towards the bed. ' I dare not.' I advanced into the room, and the boy, as if anticipating what was coming, hur riedly took down his cap in readiness. ' Your name is Thomas Tweedie ?' I enquiringly began. ' Yes, sir,' he quietly aud firmly an swered; and then with a slight flush mounting his cheek, he added, ' If you would let me walk by myself, and not seem to be going with me— a little bit before you — I will promise not to run away. Can you allow me to do that ?' Rather taken aback by the odd question, and the calmness with which he had re ceived us, I stammered out an affirmative, and after searching the place, and finding no trace of the brooch, we left the house with our young prisoner. True to his pro mise, he 'made no attempt to escape ; and up at the Office was formally charged with stealing, or failing to deliver, a gold brooch ; and, as he maintained a sullen and impenetrable silence, was locked up. I thought the case was clear as it was trifling, and I believe at the moment would have staked by reputation upon his convic tion. But then 1 was not only completely in the dark regarding the facts of the case, but unaware of the courage and daring of the simple-looking Madge. Shortly after the arrest of her brother, Madge locked up the house, and walked down to a certain public-house in the Gauongate in which a Yearly Society held its meetings, and in which the publican himself held the important office of trea surer. In her breast Madge carried the pawn ticket already mentioned, as well as the square of brown paper in which the brooch box had been wrapped, both of which she had had' concealed in a Bible under the pillow of her dead mother while I was searching the house. Madge was well known at the public house, having often fetched her father thence, and strange to say was more loved and respected there than the man who spent so many hard-earned shillings at its bar. The moment Madge appeared before the publican, and with tears springing into her eyes gasped out the word — ' Mother !' — the stout man leant over the polished counter and took her hand feelingly, in his own, with the words — ? ' Ah, yes ; puir lassie ! puir lassie ! yer faither's been here telling me all aboot it, and wanting some o* the funeral money ; but I wadna gie him a farden. Na, na ; I tellt him I wad pay it only to the wee mother, as I ca'd you. Puir lassie ! dinna greet, dinna greet! I can sympathise wi' ye, for I have lost a mither mysel'.' More kind words and good council fol lowed, and then, what was most important to Madge, after a hurried whisper from her, the publican led her round to his cash-box, froin which he took two one-pound notes, which he placed in her hands as part of the funeral money due by the society, cheerily saying that he needed no receipt from her, and that she should have the remainder at the first meeting of the society. Madge's next visit was a flying one to the pawnbroker's, where she managed to calmly present the ticket and a £1 note, and received not osly the brooch, but, to her intense joy and re lief, the little box, clean and bright, in which ic had been placed before being sent out. Madge could have danced, flown in the air, with elation and joy as she left the pawnbroker's behind and made her way to her ewn desolate abode, in which she searched about till she found a piece of twine wherewith to tie up the brooch-box in a tidy and shopman-like style, leaving the address and other words on the top exactly as they Iiad been when sent out. This accomplished, Madge sat down in the dark and waited till twelve o'clock struck on the Tron, praying fervently the while for the success of her scheme — perhaps the first time that an intending housebreaker had dared to do so. Thus far everything had gone smoothly and successfully, but Madge was in a flutter of fear that an un surmountable obstacle would spring up before she had. done, and got put into the dark and deserted streets fully prepared for defeat. A flitting ghost could not have moved more swiftly or silently than Madge, avoiding as she did so almost by instinct every crawling policeman or late passenger; and thus she reached the house at Pitt street, which she had already learned was a main door one. Within all was dark and still, and Madge, after studying tbe position of the house, made her way with little difficulty into a green behind. As I said in starting the weather was uncommonly warm and close, ft.ud several of the windows which Madge jiad to pass to reach those of the house she wished to enter were open to admit -the - cooler ajr at njght. But those in which she was most interested were all closed, and with a pang of despair at her heart Madge at last sot close to one and tried it with all her strength. To her intense relief it vielded, and stood open ready to receive hef ! In a moment she had off her shoes and glided into the deserted parlor, out into the lobby, where by a dim ray of Jight from the street lamps without she gaw a long oaken table littered with many tsueh parcels as that she carried in her bosom. Slipping her treasured parcel in under some more pretentious on this oak jtable, M&ige; was in the parlor again, and out into the green before she knew or could realise that ghe had accomplished the task. Excited though she was she had the presence of mind to reclose the window, a lucky circumstance for her, and a, fatal one for our ease. The moment this was done, and her shoes again on her feet Madge flew out by the entry, and blindly rushiug forward dashed full into the arms of the policeman on the beat. A shrill scream and a wrench and she wag out of his clutch, and flying up the steep slope like the wind. The man knew nothing against her but that the time and circumstances of the meeting were sus picious, but he followed as hard as he could run till she vanished into an entry on the north side of Thistle- street, into which he m swiftly dashed, only to be pulled up by e, faint moaning lower down, at. a door leading by a steep flight of steps to the green behind. Turning on his lantern he cautiously descended the steps and picked jjp poor Madge, quite insensible, and with one rib fractured and an arm broken under her. They got a stretcher and had her token to the Infirmary, and then going back to the entry from which she had so suddenly rushed, made vain search among the houses with open windows for any one which b$d been robbed. Had no accident occurred to Madge, and herself been brought to the office, it is not unlikely that I should have recognised her, and suspected her of entering the house in which she was most interested, but the truth was that I did not as much as hear of tbe case until weeks after. Qu the following morning after tfje ordinary cases had been gone through in the Police Court Tommy was brought up for the purpose of being remitted to the Sheriff, when a curious scene occurred. Tommy's master, accompanied by the gentleman who had ordered she brooch, as ?well as the lady to whom, it was given, suddenly elbowed their way forward, and requested permission to make statements And tender evidence which should com pletely alter the nature of the charge. '1 regret to say that the boy has been innocently suspected of theft, and charged with not delivering the brooch, which by some mistake or inattentiveness on the part of the servant who took in the parcel, got snowed up among a number of other pre sents, and was discovered only this morn jog in the spot on which it had been laid.' The Bailie and J?isoal of course looked astonished and indignant; but their sur ' prise was nothing to that of the young prisoner. He started right round, looking petrified with amazement, and at hist caught the eye of his employer, and evi dently believing that he owed all to his generous aid, stretched forth his hand, and burst into tears, with the words — ' Oh, sir ! you are very good, and I shall never, never forget it ; but I can prove to you by and by that I did not steal it, or dream of such a thing.' ' I know it, my lad — I know it,' was the impulsive reply, spoken with considerable emotion. ' I am only sorry that I was so hasty, but shall try to make it up to you if you can only forgive me.' Tommy looked more puzzled than ever, which aspect was heightened when the two voluntary witnesses stepped forward and proved upon oath that the brooch had un doubtedly been delivered. The evidence was quite satisfactory to the bench, and Tommy was discharged, but to me it was nearly as great a mystery as it was to Tommy himself. I reasoned that if ever conscious guilt dwelt on a face it was on Tommy's, when J had appeared to arrest him ; but it was not till many years after that I received the whole history from Tommy himself, who had prospered won derfully since the event. Madge recovered rapidly, and was Tommy's housekeeper at the time when the revelation was made, though t.li inking of becoming housekeeper to another — namely, the young gentleman who had made the present of the brooch to his cousin — an example which I believe Tommy very soon after followed. Their father they never mentioned, and the reti cence seemed to indicate to me that his end had' been as miserable as it deserved to be. 