CHILDREN'S INQUIRY COLUMN. A.D.—Matt. xlx. SO. " Many that are first shall be last; and the last shall be first."—Can you tell me the meaning of the words ? They belong to the next chapter, where they are repeated in verse 16, The lesson is, *' Many that, in the order of time, shall be brongbt last into the kingdom, shall be first in the rewards." They toil with greater devotion, because of the time already wasted; while some who enter Christ's service earlier allow themselves to be idle and careless. None need despair of success, but none have too much time for the work Jesus would have them do—persuading others into His service. Id Luke xili. 80 the words teach that Christ's salvation was rejected by the Jews, to whom it was "first" offered, bnt accepted by the Gentiles. In Mark x. 91, they remind us that tne disciples, whose social position ws« "la8t"f(or lowest) in the estimation of their unchristian companions, would be seen in their true dignity in the world to come." Another view of the same truth 41 in Matt. xxi. 31, 32, shows that sinners like the publicans are glad to be saved; while self-righteous Pharisees are not ao eager, and therefore last" to enter the kingdom of heaven. 44 Christ's service means earnestness and thoroughness; all who give less than their best to it will find themselves " saved; yet so as by fire." AUie.—Will you kindly explain what Jesus meant when he said—" Whose soever sins ye remit, they are remitted unto them, and whose soever sins ye retain, they are retained"—John xx. 23. That they were to proclaim the terms on which human beings may be forgiven—Luke xxiv. 47. Our Saviour had just given the Holy Ghost iu an especial manner to His Apostles, so that they were peculiarly fitted for the work before them. He chose this way of convincing them of the reality of their privilege as an encouragement in their difficult path. That the disciples never attempted to forgive sin on their own responsibility is evident from their precept and example; for even Peter told Simon the sorcerer, " Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee"—Acts viii. 22. Their teaching is in accordance with that of the entire Bible, namely, God alone can forgive sin, and Christ did it because He was 41 God manifest iu the flesh." See Acts x. 36, xxvi. 18, 1 John ii. 12, Jude xxi., &c.; All letters in connection with this column should be addressed to me at the Colonist Office, Leigh-street, Adelaide. Thalia. /}vrtib. 