SOUTH GIPPSLAND ELECTION. THE CANDIDATES AT TRARALGON. ..;.: . (rrtosi ode spkcial hepouteu.) MR MITCHELL'S MEETING. • A considerable number.- of the electors met on Thursday- evening in: the Mechanics' Institute to hoar Mr Josiah Mitchell's viewson sthe .political- '.-situation. •: Mr John Sykes; J. P.*," occupied the: chair. : Mr Mitchell, who was received- good liumouredly, thanked the electors for their kind reception; -and requested.. a patient hearing. He did not desire to say one syllable against Mr Mason,.nor to canvass. 1 his conduct while he: represented them. That was a duty which belonged to . tho electors, notto him. He (Mr Mitchell) ivas before the electors.to give them an opportunity/of returningto a Govemmentof ~law and order and prosperity, by recording their vot«3 through him, as he *was 111 favour.of his-parjy. He ventured to hope that the ':ihaiority of , tlie ;electors of South Gijipsland. were in favoiir of Jaw and order. He also appeared: before them in: the character, as -a:practical farmer, and as a working man, and he thought that anyone presenting himself before tliem in these capacities would be approved. A's to liis antecedents, which :Eh6.ul'd'\be:known'.^.'bylthe; electors^.he. fornied tlie nieeting that aa a'-boy he' was" employed on a farm, and had been enr gaged, in. agriculture ever since then. Until. 28 years . ago he.had been employed in agricultural pursuits m England and; Scotland, and indeed until he came to the' colony. ; Since, that: period he had been/ earning his' bread by; the sweat of his brow; and by iudustry had beeu enabled 1 to gratify his curiosity as to how people 111; other countries got on.- Besides . visiting ; the -wheat fields of. South Australia, the orange groves of, Parramatta, • and; the agricultural - districts of New South; Wales, he had been-m.New .Zealand, and' had examined the ; capabilities of that country. Two years ago he visited tho ; old country; and - saw. the . ..way in ;which . agricultural pursuits were carried on m England and: Scotland; but unfortunatelyhe -had 7 not visited -Ireland; • He: also became; acquainted with-what was done in the north of France; ' This was-not related as a boast,' but :.to show his large experience, and. that;he would be well qualified •to aid selectors by his best advice, whether' • he' was returned-by-them or not. -. (Hear). -The speaker,--related , the circumstances which led io his tenancy of the Model Farm . -which, licj held for : ten years or nearly BO long, managing it with profit to himself and .to the colony. When his term was up the Leader, was - in a. ;fix .for an.agricultural, editor, and. he was asked to assist them. He undertook the work, and was agricultural editor of that journal for three years with entire satisfaction to' the proprietor," and- as a matter of fact he discharged his duties with great.benefit to the readers of, the journal. Press work did not suit, him, and he -gave it up and Totired to his farm at Kyneton," to more congenial pursuits, and it was only bocause of the momentous circumstances m which the country was now placed that he now asked their support. (Hear.) He came forward because he could afford them some* assistance and -mformatto n, aud alao- to 'give -them a chance -to ouet their lato member; Mr. Mason.. - (A11 elector : That's more than you can do.) They would see about that. ("Give - us your views on reform;") He was a firm supporter of the Government scheme of reform because it would put a stop to deodlocks. -It would give Totes to 32;000 selectors, 22,000 ' miners;: and '25;000 of other classes, and would mduce^peace and prosperity,to the whole colony.- At pre-; 'senfc-:the Upper House> was^selected by 30,000 persons; and the .Government>bili proposed to increase the number by 92,000 on the system of a £10 rental; Thus tho basis iof -election; would' be' widened, a' very important,matter to consider. . Ob-; jections had been raised against the Sari vice 'Scheme because of the elimination clause, the double dissolution; and that it would destroy the manhood-suffrage. As to tho first objection, the bill proposed that instead'of tho Council having the power< to:. iej ect - an;, Appropriation 'Bill, and thus stop payment: of the liabilities of Government, they should be enabled to jlace any obnoyious item under a veto until iti.could be dealt, with separately. With the extended-franchise, there was not-the ghost, of -a chance of iOvmembers being returnedito the ; Hpj3er;House who would throwoutanynieaaureBeiittotheto. As to thedoubledissolutiomt would answer the «ame purpose as creating new peers ln;%he-House„of ?: LordsfWithvthe -exception that-ihe peoplo-would have the power of election. If the Service measure was carrie/3, there would' not "be the same chances-of a deadlock occurring again; The Service- Bill.did not , interfere with; manhood suffrage. For these reasons he •was in favour of the_Service Bill. There; -was come talk of-Che Berry -scheme increasin^theelective'power.to .the'iatepayere' roll; bat he-thought it .would be wise to-atop -at' tlie sfranclnse -proposed by the Government measure. However, :i£ a majority of the--electorfl-was in favour .of adopting, the ratepayers' roll, he would, to -get rid of the bugbear of reform, have no objection to it. (Hear). Referring to a speech dehvered by Mr Berry at Geciong on Eriday last ho expressed his conviction that deadlocks were not to be treated as that gentleman;,proposed.; If Mr" Berry could not. open a lock with a pick-lock 21 would,not.be wise'to use-a.crowbar. Such language savoured too much of, " broken lieads and flaniing houses." (Interruption;) . .Crowbars were too violent for use, and if: . Mr Berry could not pick the lock himself ' he liad better give, place.; to the master locksmith James-Service,.who-had not only found a key to pick tha lock, but had discovered a lock which, would obviate deadlocks 111 future. Ho was also in favour of- judicious ^retrenchment in the public service : without interfering with its efficiency, aud he^was against the expenditure of so much money ui- the-metropolis to the detriment .of; the settled districts.. As an instance, there was the Exhibition, which would cost from £500,000 to £600,000. (Interruption.) He was a 'commissioner of - the Exhibition, and 'in spite of : his opinion that, the money.could haye been put. to a better use;-he was determined-to make that big show a success. Would it not, he asked, have been better; to. make roads or tramways -through , such country, as he had-been travelling for the last few days 1 Mr Berry was the cause of that enormous, expense. (Confusion, during which the chairman -asked- for a patient hearing, as they intended to,hear Mr Mason paticntly afterwards;) ;Mr Mitchell, continued by instancing the £30,000 or £40,000 which had . been- expended;: in'cutting down and patching' up the Nelson:. to placate, Mr Clark in his candidature for Williamstown, and maintained that, as the country of South Gippsland was \specially adapted for, the growth; of .fruit' trees, it. would have; been ;better if the ^money had been used to form: a nursery so; that the selectors,could' have: taken advantage of a 8 u p- ply of, such trees at cost price. An orchard would be. very valuable as an adjunct to a farm, and in the course of 3 few years South Gippsland would be the fruit garden of the,,whole;of the continent, (An elector-:;Where.:do:you get ..your soft soap?) Holdiug these views he condemned ex-; travagant expenditure; and would,rather that .the money was distributed among new. -shires to make: roads .•^more available' for getting; produce to-market.: Ho ap-: proved of the Education Act; as it was better to .educate their children free of; cost than to maintain men in gaois. He .would abolish; payment of members, but would favour -a scheme io reimburse country members for: tlieir loss of time. The £300 a year had not worked satisfac-: tonly; but had given rise to a. mushroom growth of political -place-hunters. (Confusion.): He would: assist industries by taking, off duties .: on. agricultural and mining machinery, by making roads and tramways, and by permitting mining on. private property. -He was against setting class against class,-.'capital iagainst -labour, as; Mr Berry had done. The man who attacked capital was no friend of the working man; for when capital :was -withdrawn rum to the vrorking classes followed. He was inclined to think that Mr Berry was the cauSe of the large crop of unemployed which had eprung up during the past two years. iHis policy had increased the rate of interest. (Interruption. A Voice: " Talk about the unemployed; what does the working man know about interest ?") That man who interrupted must be a Berryite. (" Berry did not_pffer us five bob a week to live, in a tent, but Service did.") The speaker coudemned the Longmore, regulations,-but favoured an Amending Land Act to allow; selectors m arrear to come- nnder the:,new-act, and he be- lievedithat Mr.Duffy intended to bring m such an act. (Great confusion was caused by several persons assertiug that no benefit would arise from such a proposition, as ; selectors could; now do what the speaker ^proposed.): What was wanted was; a class of legislators who would look after the agricultural interests, and if they did not do him the honour to return him the loss, would be theirs not his. (Cheers and uproar.) In reply to questions/the candidate refused, to.give an answer as to the Traralgon to, Bairnsdale railway, as he was not sufficiently'posted^-in the matter. He did not seelhe advantage of placinga duty on the import of feeding grams. •• -The replies; were evidently not satisfactory, one elector insisting that so far as the railway was concerned the candidate was shirking the point,, and that Mr Mitchell should know about the railway before coming there to contest the election;- No vote of confidence was solicited, and. tho meeting dispersed with a vote of thanks- to the chairman. 