MELBOURNE. FBOU QUE OWN CORRESPONDENT. ) June 17. I cannot improve npon tho tip I famished last Saturday re tho political position. The Government has folly made np its mind to-day that there is now no ghost of a hope for a second reading, majority apart, from a declaration from the Premier to abandon in committee the Upper House concession in respect to amending the estimates, and the joint sitting. The abandonment of the joint Bitting might of itself get the bill into committee, bat nothing short of this will avail, and a majority of the Ministry are strongly opposed to any action whatever in this direction notwithstanding that they are being subjected to a good deal of external pressure by their own friends on point. The gossip of the lobbies this evening is that overtures have been made in a Bean-official way to His Excellency as to the prospects of a dissolution being granted in tbe event of a defeat g bnt that Her Majesty's representa tive hs been in tbe matter most diplomatic in tbe vagueness of his utterances. " Should a Government defeat take place," His Excel lency has stated— so the gossip runs — " the advice that may be -tendered by his advisers will receive his moat careful consideration." Meanwhile, lists are being handed about of anew Ministry that includes the names of Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr. Berry, and a selection of members from the two corners. As a matter of fact, the late Premier and Sin John O'Shanassy are jnst now personally on terms of a most amicable character, and in various parts of the House, each as the library "or billiard-room, you come across them in frequent confab. In fact, it was all bnt settled last night that they were both to accept invitations from Mr. Billson that they were both to address his Beechworth people, in reply to Mr. Service, the Attorney- General, and other Ministerialists, who re cently addressed a public meeting at that place. Sir John and Mr. Berry were agree able, bnt I understand that Mr. Fitzgerald and other friends of the member for Belfast fiiKsnaneq mm. - ultimately, xroiessor resr- son and Mr. Dow agreed to go instead. Well, "now that Mr. Williams has with drawn his Payment of Members Bill until after tbe Reform division is . taken, and as that division is pretty certain to take place next Thursday, the question as to whether "wears on the eve of a dissolution, or the formation of anew Government, will soon be settled. The Premier is a Scotchman, and when that issaid enough almost has been stated to vouch for his possessing that peculiar cautions discrimination, described in the language of "Scotia. as "-canny." The at tempt made by the " sugarists " on Thursday evening to pin him "down to: some statement said to have been made by him at Maldon, to the effect that his Government would adopt payment of members as a Ministerial measure, in the event of the.prmriple bring endorsed by a majority of the House, was parried with , the skill of a finished swords man. - He shook his questioners— including even the adroit Berry— from the point of his rapier in a manner that seemed -even to secure the admiration of the discomfited. -A shipping reporter once informed the readers -of the journal with which lie was connected ; that the only passengers saved from a -wrecked. Bteamer were "Mr. T. B. Nathan, who owned three-fonrtbB of the cargo and the captain's wife." His editor pointed ont ont to him next day that "mnch depended : npon the "way a thing was stated" ; and Mr. Service's complete defence of his Maldon speech was contained in the observation that his critics would insist npon taking the sense of his statement in a way contrary to-bis lihonfilrirenmstanoee so fashion themselves in the immediate future that the "sugar" question may be brought forward again, there is quite a small shoal of amendments in readiness to be brought forward by both the opponents and' supporters of the "burning" question. One to . the' most-original runs as follows And 1 in- order to prevent any in vidious distinction arising from- difference in (he possession of woridly wealth of the res- pective members of tbe Parliament of V toria, be it enacted that no member of I liament shall lw at liberty to refuse to acccm the said reimbursement ; and any nieml refusing, omitting, or neglecting to ween! such reimbursement within one month (ft. the same becomes payable, shall be liable - a penalty of two pounds per dav, for ereri- day that such member shall refuse, omit o neglect to accept such reimbursement ' 