A CYMANFA (RELIGIOUS FESTIVAL) IN NORTH WALES. "Inasmuch," writes the American Wmg, "that we had heard so much about the vast multitudes that attended a cymanfa in Caernarvonshire, in the neighbourhood of the slate quarries, we felt anxious to avail ourselves of the only opportunity in our lives to be present at one of them to be held at Bangor. Away we went by the railway which runs along the border of Wales to Bangor. The result was so satisfactory that we felt it would not have been too much had we gone there from America with no other object in view than to be present. The ten and two o'clock meetings, held in the open field, were the best we have ever enjoyed. It was sufficient recompence for our voyage to be present to witness the Gospel, in the simple preaching of it, overpowering the from 15,000 to 20,000 people present. This was one of the most magnificent sights in connection with the preaching of the Gospel we have ever witnessed. Bangor is a comparatively small town, surrounded by hills and the Menai River. When witnessing the thousands pouring into the town, we could not but wonder where they all came from so unceasingly. They came along the narrow streets in twenties for hours on the morning of the cymanfa; and long before the proceedings were commenced most of the field where the cymanfa was to be held was thronged with people. " The local religionists had been anxious about the weather. They had held a prayer moeting for fine weather as well as for Heaven to recognise (arddclj the cymanfa. A portion of Wednesday had been devoted to this. It was touching to hear the old patriarch of Edeyrn in an infantile fashion asking his Heavenly Father for favourable weather. ' Thou did'st,' he said, ' grant a favourable day last week for holding an eisteddfod, and Thou should'st, we think, grant a good day for holding a cymanfa.' Whether in answer to the prayer or not, a fine day was obtained for the cymanfa. The sun shone all day, and there was a balmy breeze, and if Heaven had undertaken to 'make' a special day for the proceedings the weather could not have been finer. The sound of adoration was manifest in the singing. The prayer was touching, and the anointing oil from the Holy One descended like the gentle dew from on high upon the multitude. The singing is over, and a stout, brave man reads his text in alow but musical intonation. The subject of his discourse is the descent of the Holy Ghost under the two dispensations—the scantiness of the old and the fulness of the new. It iB evident that he has perfect confidence in himself. The multitude grows gradually still, and presses gently forward. After making his text clear to has audience he grasps his subject closer, and the subject closes in him. His voice becomes louder and more melodious. He becomes more animated and impressive, and his eyes flash. See how the tide is rising in its strength, lifting on its surface the ship of mercy (hen lestri trugaredd) to float enjoyingly. The spirit and the gifts of the minister fall in showers upon the great throng. When referring to the fulness of the Spirit, it descended with overpowering force on the pre chers on the platform, on the speaker, and on theavast throng to its utmost limit. Behind the speaker, by his side, scores of preachers and deacons have been for some time overwhelmed ; some weeping, others laughing with tears rolling. Oh! what a scene is the throng at this moment. Thousands in tears, and some occasionally in the distance crying out with joy,'gogoniant." followed by another crying from another spot ' diolch! diolch /' and hundreds of 'Aniens' rising on the balmy breeze. By this time the speaker's expression undergoes a change. His voice becomes more sonorous and more musical and effective. His words fell in clusters of rich eloquence. He closed his sermon after leading the multitude to the neighborhood of Mount Calvary. He was a Welsh- American divine. When a hymn was given out, and after it was sung—and such singing—there arose one of the masters of eloquence. We never heard anyone showing so clearly the reasonableness of a sinner accepting salvation. ' Why will ye die ?' He rung the changes on the two words, ' Return' and 'Live.' He with touching pathos asked, ' How near to hell canst thou go and live ? If there is sufficient room for thee to turn, return and live!' That remark thrilled the multitude. The preacher's powerful voice echoed in the adjacent rocks where an Englishman sat, and he was so interested in the two Welsh words for 'return' and 'live,' which, though he did not understand what they meant, so interested him that he went and asked what was meant by them, and when they were explained to him he burst into tears and gave himself to the Redeemer. The next to preach was a middle-aged minister with an air of sadness lingering in his expression. When he closed his introductory remarks it was evident that the multitude were at his command—that the keys to their emotions hung by his girdle. Gradually his voice reached its highest pitch, and his sentiments fell upon thepeople like honey showers: The congregation Bways to and fro under his powerful ministry. He suddenly changes his tone, and in musical cadences begins to describe the voyage of the ship Arfaeth (Early Promise) sailing over the agitated sea of the ages, " There she iB (crescendo), in the midst of the foreshadows (Cysgodau), too far for anyone to see it, except an occasional old patriarch to see the top of the mast in the mist. But there she is in the fulness of time, entering our channel under full sail, and eventually reaching the Port of Calvary, loaded with the richest merchandise and with none missing. The scene is now indescribable. Shouts of ' diolch iddo !' and ' gogoniaiit! rent the air, and some cried with joy, others laughed hysterically." 