BUTLER'S CATECHISM. no. xnr. When tlie little children in Catholic 'schopls get, as religious instruction, the information that " every marriage of Catholics except by a Popish priest is a clandestine marriage, is no marriage at all, is utterly void and null in the sight of God," and that therefore the people living together in such marriage are fornicators and their children ate bastards— Butler gives them this important assurance that the Council of Trent is to be received and obeyed in spite of Acts of Parliament or laws of the Queen whatever. Dr. Vaughan thinks this very important " religious in struction" for the making of the children "good citizens." Protestants, however, will here discover why it is that Catholic children, especially in Ireland, grow up' such bad citizens, and always seem ready, as if by an instinct of nature to fly at the , throat of England and Englishmen to siied- ' blood. These' are the " holy seed," bred from the beginning on Holy Sacraments i But Butler goes on. ;The children are next asked to learn the s question;: , " Do, the precepts of the Church oblige r. under pain of mortal sin ?" And then . to give the following answer : " Yes plie.that will not hear the Church, says; Christ, let -him be to thee as a heathen maniand a i publi can."— Luke x. 1 6. Matt. , xviii. 17. ,, The devil was able to .'quote -scripture1 for the ' teaching of his; lies; is it any wonder'.that Papists should' be able to do the samel Strange to say the devil and. Butler follow the same nlan of. nnntlno viz., misquoting and wrenching passages from the sense' of their connexion ; and I consequently the success of both, is J the same. ; If anyone will look at the passages for himself, in a moment it will.be/seen that falsehood and perversion of truth are the means and the refuge of both. ; ' Let: us see. It is very important for Dr. Vaughan to get his children to learn and j believe that the precepts of the Church " oblige under ilie' pain of mortal sin." On this basis he expects obedience from those children when he orders them, anything. On this principle he demands that tbeir parents shall ; take them away from ; Public Schools, - and Grammar Schools, and Ladies' Schools whenever-lie requires it. If they refuse to obey him he tells them plainly that they are damned for ever, and that nothing but hell will be their j everlasting portion ! : No wonder that the little children stand in awe of "His! Grace," and cringe before him to kiss - his -hand when . he deigns "to go amongst them ! "And no wonder-thatDr. Vaughan1 and' his priests complain that their ; children attending Public'/ Schools learn irreverence," because when attend ing those schools thev learn tn "sfnnd up, "-and not to cringe ;: to be respectful, but not to be superstitious. Yes, Dr. Vaughan wants the children to learn, as t/ieir religious instruction " that the commands or precepts cf the Church are of equal authority with the commands and- precepts of- God. It is mortal sin to 1 dis obey them. It is as sinful not to hear mass ; as to commit- adultery. It is as sinful not to fast on Friday as to kill a saint.j -It is as sinful- not' to confess once a year bS: to steal. It is as sinful - not to' receive the Eucharist at Easter as'to wor- ship idols. It-is as sinful not to give money'to the priest as to dishonour "father and- mother. And it is as sinful- to be married by a /Protestant minister, as it is to tell lies; to swear profanely, to 1 break the Sabbath, or to covet your neighbour's 'wife and1 goods ! The;six commandments of the Church are equal to tho ten of \- God's 1 appointment ; to " break either is mortal sin-; and you' must1 perish1 if the priest does not forgivo you. - - \- "Surely this is an imperious claim on behalf/of " the Church." Its truth/ought to be very clear. . The evidence which supports it ought to be so full and unques tionable that no one could fairly or reason ably doubt it. But what is the evidence which Dr. Vaughan, or his Butler's Catechism produces to prove it? A fraud ! A disgraceful' shuffle. A miserable mis representation! He quotes Luke x. 16 : " He that heareth you, heareth me ; and he that despiseth you, despiseth me ; and he that despiseth me despiseth him that sent me." Now, if the children, or the parents would turn to this passage — that is, if they have bibles — they would see, that these words do not refer to the Church at all ! They never were spoken to the Church at all !' They were not even spoken to the twelve apostles, whose suc cessors the Pope and ' Dr. Vaughan pre tend to be ! They were spoken to " seventy disciples," who were told to " carry neither purse , nor scrip nor shoes ;" which, Dr. Vaughan and his priests will admit, neither the Pope nor his Bishops obey. They were spoken to " seventy disciples," who were told to go into cities and homes " healing the sick, and eating such things as were set before them ," but Dr.- Vaughan and his priests will admit that this does not refer to " the Church," 1 for neither the Pope nor the Bishop 'have - anyi " healing- power," and both of ; them would Object to be' put on such poor and miserable fare, without : their carriages,- without- - their fine linen'/ and'"1 purple ' and gold' crosses, without' their palaces arid good tables at St. J ohn's,— -to eat the cold meat and dry bread that might bo set before them ! — Then, . Matt, xviii. 'it is quoted—" He that < will not hear the Church, let him be : unto thee as a heathen man and a pub lican." But if the children or their parents will use their Bibles— if they 'have any- — and read them,- they will see that the way in which the passage is applied is grossly dishonest and del iberately decei ving. - : The " Church '- meant inj the passage is cer tainly! not the" Chrirch 'of "R.nrrifi" Tk ; certainly not what;Dr.- Vaiighan moans by 1 " the Church. " : The words were spoken before, - any Church of - Rorne ' existed ! What! is meant is any congregation to which those persons belong who have differed; about .anything of personal con duct. i "If thy- brother trespass jagainst thee, go land tell-- him- his fault between thee and him - alone; If he hear , thee, thou hast gained thy brother. If be will not hear : thee,; take 0 with - thee one or two : more,: that In tliemoutlrof two'/ or three- witnesses every- word may be established ; but if he neglect to hear them tell it -to the Church or ' congregation ; 1 and if he neglect to hear0 the : Church, let him be' to thee as a heathen man and a publican;" Now, here: is a-'plain arid common sense procedure ; a thing possible ; a thing in telligible ; 1 but the moristrous 'and fraudu lent meaning thrust into the passage- by cunning priests; is ridiculous and impos sible.- - If two brothers quarrel in- St.- Mary's, and the one won't hear" the other, rior-yet any friends who may try to recori- ; cile them, how can either of them tell it to the- Church ? - How-- can" either-T6f:: them hear the Church ? Are1 they' to- go to Rome and see the Pope ? Are they to call the'1 Vatican Council and ' have a' decree ? No; - but the fraudulent Dr. Vaughan says— "Hear me ; I am the Church ; or hear Father John ; he i3 the Church-"— -riianifestly falsifying every letterj o£ the scripture ! " - ; 'Pool little children ! They are in a sad plight when they - are getting their "reli gious | education." They are told :to' believe' lies! i They; are told what the scripture does not beach.- They are referred to the' scriptures: for!;proof, and they either: have no Bibles with which to test the 'quota tions; or they are forbidden to judge whether the quotations are honest' or not !' Their duty, tliey. are ;told/is to obey arid motto judge. ..-It is to hear, and not to read .i : It is to submit to the Church, arid .not to. ask— " What is the Church ?" And then,- that they may submit 1 very docilly, they are asked— "What is 'necessary to keep the com mandments of . God and the . Church ?" and the .answer put into their mouth is' this— " The . grace of ' God which, is. obtained" chiefly by prayer and the sacraments." ' , . Quite so., - Keep " the Church" before- .the, eye, and. mind .of the children -as equal with! God. . Don!t; explain to theiri -what the. Church, .is ; but1 keep repeating., the word until it acts like a ghost upon the children's heart — " the Church, the Church. 