OUE, CLTST LETTER. £Frpm our oiro correspondent.]] Adelaide, September 1, 1880. Comparatively little of any interest has bees going on in Parliament. The Council lors have taken a holiday for a fortnight, go that there has been less amusement than usual-to be extracted from the. debates in the Legislature. The Assembly has settled down to work again after the no- confidence effer vesence, and after desultory debate is- which, several members, Mr. Colton among others, took the opportunity of making explanations, and stating that they did not exactly mean what they said during the heat of the no confidence debate, the Estimates were carried jLnto^Committee, and the first line was passed.J Several of the items will no doubt occasion discussion, and the necessity for economy will be dinned into the Government, and let us hope they-will listen thus far to the voice of the Opposition. What nanuses me, "however,s as a supporter of economy in state expendi ture is, that while Mr. Bray and Air. Boss and other leaders of the outsare so ready to blame the Government for extravagance and to haggle over small itemB of expenditure, they are themselves often the worst advocates of increased expenses, in such directions as opening polling-places unnecessarily, and ask ing for telegraph offices in places where per haps some Bcore or so of telegrams are des patched in the course of a year at a cost to the colony of about £10 each, for which the Government does not receive as many shil lings in return. The licensed victuallers' law amendment Bill was discussed last night. The Hon. J. Colton sought to make travel lers' journey ten miles instead of five before being entitled to refreshment, but failed. He also tried to increase the penalties against publicans for a first offence, and likewise was unsuccessful. On the motion of Mr. Sees the penalty for selling adulterated liquor was increased to £10, which is an improvement, and the several clauses with respect to that offence were discussed at large, there being considerable difference of opinion with res pect to some of them. A good alteration was effected in the cause of the publicans by per mission being given to them in the ease of any bottle of liquor suspected to be adulterated being seized, to place a seal on the bottle, not afterwards to be broken except in their pre sence. Mr, Bees, aver indefatigable in pre senting petitions, sought to hand in one signed by nine individuals; living somewhere or other, in favour of introducing the local option principle in the opening of public houses on Sundays, but it was reded out of order. As usual there was a -small row over the proposed late sittings of the House, the Government wishing to have them on two days in each week in order to get the business done by the time of the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition. It ended in little, however, except a determination on the part of members not to sit late to-night, as the Go vernment -wished, in order to get on with the Licensed Victuallers' Sill, which they carried into execution by effecting a count-out about half-past 4 this afternoon. But before the members thus succumbed there was a con siderable disturbance. It appears that a cer tain body termed the Municipal Association of South Australia, of which Mr. Worsnop, the Town Clerk of Adelaide, is the Secre tary, is much interested in a motion . which Mr. Simms is about to bring before the House, askiiig Parliament to sup plement grants-in-aid to Corporations for public works on th'e same principle as if such works were carried out by private subscrip tions, in fother words pound for pound. In accotilatofee with'-instructions received, Mr. WorsnOp lately addressed a circular letter to every member of the Assembly, calling his ' attention |to this motion and requesting his . vote in favor of it. No doubt the step was a most injudicious <me, and Mr. Worsnop ought to have known better, if those who instructed him did not. I tremble to think what might not have befallen him had he done such a thing in England, bat happily for him the members treated the affair rather jocosely, knowing he meant no wrong. Mr. Jfurner it. is true threw the offensive document on the floor of the House in contempt, and would have trodden on it no doubt had he not sent . it out too far from his seat for such a feat, while Mr. Hare said something about " hell and demons" and his rote, which was not very distinctly understood. The whole matter ended .in a generally expressed opinion by tjhe majority of the members that Mr. Worsnop meant no disrespect to the House, ; being in fact a very harmless individual, and. I an adjournment to,, the smoking room of a j considerable number. I-regret to notice'that Sir George Kingston, the Speaker of the House of Assembly, is still Unable to fill his duties, tie is able to go out occasionally, | 'but seems Very feeble. It would not sunrise me to find .that .next session honorable mem bers will be called bn to elect his successor. The quarter "Between' Mr. Downer, the Stiperndiaiy Magistrate, and Mr. £ingston, solicitor, formed the subject of aii application to the Supreme Court on" Monday. Mr, Kingstop bad previously endeavored, to get the cuse out of which the difference between him and Mr; Downer arose transferred to the Supreme Court, 'but was refused.- On the present occasion Mr. Downer himself virtually asked to be relieved from the onus of trying the case. His brother, Mr. J. W. Downer, i Q..C.,' who is the*' solicitor for the plaintiff, l applied for a rule to rembve the case. Mr. Justice Boucaut took the opportunity to deliver (a trenbhant decision, in which while [ refusing the rule he spoke in unmistakeable terms of the discreditable attempt being made by certain members , of the legal profession to force Mr. Downer'from his position by ttarow i ing discredit on-his impartiality. He clearly laid down that there was no cause shown on either side for the removal of the case, and plainly hinted' that bis learned colleagues on the bench were of the same opinion. He further referred" plainly to the absurdity of the contention that because a relative of the judge appeared as an advocate before him in a particular case, that the judge should be debarred from hearing it. While exonerat ing Mr. Downer from any charge of partiality, and expressing a hope that no more will be heard of. such an accusation, he, however, hinted that in the case particularly in ques-* tion, he thought the Stipendiary Magistrate had somewhat -too" strongly expressed his opinion in the first instance to his colleagues on the bench. But at the same time he gave his opinion that, the Act clearly imposed on the profeseonal Stipendiary the duty of directing his lay colleagues on points of law. There is no mistaking the tone of the judg ment, and it is to be hoped that Mr. Kingston and other practitioners in the Local Court will read, mark, leafri', and inwardly digest it. By the way, as Jthe Law Society appears to be so anxious to uphold the dignity of the profession, why do they not take some notice of- the remarks of Mr. Justice G-wynne with respect to Mr. Cullen in a recent case. I commend them to their attention. Surely there is no less jealousy for the honor of the .bar than that of; the bench. The meeting in favor of Protection held in" the Town Hall Exchange Boom on Monday night was not a great suceess. There were only about one hundred and fifty people present. The most important resolution passed, and one which seems to have the most sound common sense to recommend it, was to the effect that it .was detrimental to the in terests of theucolony that work which could be done here for the Government should be executed elsewhere. With this I fully agree, that is to say so long as the articles required can be obtained as cheaply in South Australia as they can be imported; but I scarcely see the force of compelling taxpayers to support moribund manufactures simply because they have been founded iri the colony for the bene fit of some capitalist^ When the Torrens Dam is completed there seems to be a possibility that our colonists may indulge in the far-famed pastime of trout fishing. Some time since that inde fatigable body, the Acclimatization Society, received a large number of trout ova, some 3,000 of which were given to Mr. W. J. Magarey, M.P., Jof Mindmarsh; some 1,000 to Mr. David Murray, and a similar number to Mr. Dunn, of Bridgewater. The ova have thrived well, especially throe in the possession of Mr. Murray, and there seems no reason to doubt that before many years are over our streams will be stocked. The very mention of trout is enough to make a Scotchman's mouth water, especially if it is years since he has tasted that most incomparable of fresh water fish. I therefore hope to live to eat of the trout of South Australia. : Mr. Ebenezer Ward: does not take to the Bankruptcy Court kindly. It will be remem bered that the last time he had to appear before the Commissioner, the latter was com pelled to isBue a warrant. Again yesterday his case came on, ated he failed to appear. Still worse the accountant • reported that although he had had several meetings with the insolvent, and the latter had given him a bundle of papers, he had tendered no assis tance towanls preparing his accounts. So it is supposad it will go on until the end. The matter is again adjourned for a fortnight,' when if the insolvent does not come forward a warrant will issue. There will be no diffi culty in finding him. If I am not much mis taken, in fact he was in th City on the day of the last hearing. It is said he still clings lingeringly to the idea of aa arrangement with his creditors. His Parawurlie property was sold on Tuesday and realised moderately good prices. The principal purchasers were Mr. Allison, lessee of the . Theatre Royal, and Mr. McDonald, of the Theatre Royal Hotel. Rumor has ijt that the purchasers design to make Mr. Ward a present of the estate when everything is squared up, ,and give him a start again. I trust report speaks truly. The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Company was held yesterday, and I see with pleasure that the operations of Che Company continue to be succesful. The number of passengers carried during the six months on both lines has been 1,392,286, an increase of 79,175 over the pre vious six months. The traffic receipts amount to £15,429 in round numbers — more than £3,900 in excess'of the expenditure. Such a result is most satisfactory, and clearly shows the fallacy of the views of those who supposed that the tramways would never pay. It is only an illustration of the old adage, that by increasing facilities for travelling people are induced to travel. In the case of the young man Fernandez who, as mentioned in my last letter, had been arrested when attempting to leave the colony on Saturday by the s.s. Potosi, on a charge of forgery, the prosecutors took a merciful coarse and declined to appear against him. He is, I am informed, a young man of very con siderable ability, and has friends in England who are in a good position. It. is to be hoped the escape he has had will.be a lesson to him for thfe future. Professoi .Pepper's lectures have proved a great _ success.; AU who have attended are loud in praise of the clear and popular man ner in which he explained dry scientific facts, and of the beauty of the experiments he shows. Nothing like his apparatus has ever been seen before in the colony. I regret to say that the attendance has not been eo laige as was anticipated, but doubtless as the lec tures become better known it will improve. Yesterday afternoon the Academy of Music was crammed with school children and, teachers on the occasion of his first lecture to the pupils .of the State and private schools, given under the auspices of Govern ment. By the way I notice that in both the dailies Professor Pepper is described as " of the Polytechnic Institution, Jjondon." This is certainly a mistake. As a matter, of fact Mr. Pepper has not been connected for nearly eight yt-ars with the London Polytechnio Institution, .where he first b»ought out the celebrate ghost illusion and lectured for a long time with much success, his place having been occupied by Professor Gardiner, -who was appointed on Mr: Pepper's resignation ; and secondly, the Polytechnic Institution does not exist at all now, as it was burnt: down several months ago and has not been rebuilt. .. . September 2. •. The All-England Eleven are evidently de termined, to win their match with the Aus tralians which begins next Monday. - I' see by i the telegrams tjus .morning they have got together a remarkably strong team, the three G-races being among the number and some of the best, known professionals. " Our Boys " axe, therefore, likely to have ft bard struggle -for the, victory, especially as Spofforthia not able to play for them. I notice that Jiarvis, the South Australian. member of the team will not play in the All-England match.. The Boothby case has entered on a new phase. I am informed that after a consulta tion with Mr- John. Downer, Q..C-, Mr. Boothby determined. to withdraw his resig nation, the Government having intimated to him that if they permitted him to retire from the service they would not allow him a pension. Mr. Boothby, therefore, prefers that the Government should regard liim as being under suspension and liable to dismis sal, which enables-him to take advantage of a clause in the Civil Service Act, which permits all employes of the Government in such a 1 position to demand that the charges against them shall be investigated by,.a.Board of In quiry to be appointed by the Governor. : The whole question will thus be begun de novd,' and thoroughly sifted. No doubt Mr. Boothby is acting wisely, for,! as matters stand, if he resigned he would get ho pension, and if tlie Board acquiesce in his, dismissal he will be no worse off, whereas if the Board find a verdict in his favor he may be reinstated in the service. The eight hours' demonstration passed off veiy quietly both in the city and at the Port. Upwards 'of 10,000 people assembled during the day on the Exhibition grounds, where a variety of sports and various performances took place. The prizes won by the successful competitors were distributed at Garner's Theatre in the evening during Mr. and Mrs. Hewitt's entertainment. Among the shows on the grounds was that of the Australian Blondin, the dancer oh the tight rope, who has recently been giving performances in Currie-street. In the course of his evolutions he yeiy nearly met with an accident, which would have.ended fatally. He was feigning to step from the rope and slightly over balanced, himself, thus slipping off in reality. With the utmost agility how ever, he caught the rope in one hand as he fell, . and succeeded in regaining his position on it. The escape was a narrow ■one, but was scarcely noticed by the spectators who thought it. a part of the exhibition. There surely ought to be some law here, as in England, compelling those who engage in such perilous feats to have a net stretched beneath the rope and trapeze whichever it may be, so that if they fall they may have some chance of escape. It is hoped that the Duke of Manchester, who is on his way to visit the Melbourne Ex hibition, and is expected to arrive here in the s.s. Sorata now due, will remain for a few. days in South Australia before proceeding to his destination. He will at any rate visit Ade laide during the time the vessel remains at the Semaphore, and will be the guest of His Ex cellency the Governor. 