THE CITY OF MERV. TFrom the London Daily Telegraph.1 ' For many years Merv has been prominent in the Central Asian correspondence between the Foreign Offices of England and Russia, and for two generations; has been a point of. highest interest to Anglo-Indian statesmen. Its name has thus become tolerably familiar to the 'public ear, but of its actual value, commercial, political, and strategic, only very inadequate estimates are generally current. As a matter of fact, however, the importance of the city of Merv both to, England and to India can- hardly be over-estimated. Not only commercially does1 it;> mark the point of junction of the .three highways of Central Asia along which all the traffic of that vast region of necessity travels," bat politically it marks the point at which the advance of Russia first infringes upon the Afghan fron tier, to the injury of England in India, while strategically Merv gives its possessor an in comparable, and in fact the only, base for rapid and effective military operations against Per sia and Afghanistan. The modern city is a miserable ghost' pf .the ancient Merv, the ac knowledged (preen of Central Asia," that, with its. million of ,inhabitants, offered such desperate '.resistance to enemy after enemy eager to plunder its enormous wealth. Nor does the cultivation around it to-day bear any proportion* to the great-tracts which at one time produced sufficient grain to supply all the caravanB of Central'Asia, and yet leave enough to feed its own dense population. Merv, never theless—the modem town—has to-day an im portance to which in the olden - days of its splendor it "had never attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turko man tribes, who are themselves the last harrier to the fulfilment of Russia's "scheme for domi nating Asiatic public opinion and for unseating England from the supreme position she now holds in the native 'mind, of all the.east.- The Turkomans themsel res, the Tekkehs of Merv, understand to-the fnll the importance • of their chief town. Years ago, when they, foresaw the advance of Eussia, they abandoned their dif ferences with their neighbors the Akhal tribes, and while they promised to join the latter to fight the invaders on the I threshold, Merv was decided upon as the point for the last joint stand. Guek Teppeh, Tejend, and Merv were tbe three sites selected for giving battle to the Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and final effort to repel the Cossack wave was tobe made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange patterns, the spoil of early battles with the Persians and other neighbors, were duly installed upon the primitive, bat not Inefficient earthworks of the Merv fort, and within the last year the Turkomans have considerably increased the strength of their stronghold. In a single day. 2C,000 fighting men could con centrate upon this point, and local resources would amply suffice to supply this force, or four times its number, with food for many weekB. The present city stands on lower ground than old Merv, but it possesses in the numerooB watercourses that intersect the surrounding fields a means-of defence which even in Turcoman hands might prove sufficient to foil an attack. Were these aqueductsallowed to overflow and flood the ground the passage of artillery would be impossible, and of cavalry most dangerous, while, the Turcomans, armed with rifles—converted many of them by their own hands from old weapons into more improved patterns—and entrenched behind their mud wallB, might inflict very serious loss upon the approaching enemy. This enemy they used always to look for from the west, bat of late their eyes have turned northward towards the Oxus and Chaijui. Having formerly been under the authority of Khiva, 'it wa3 natural that they should look in that direction, bat motere cently the gradual fortification of thaOxos by the Russians, and the great strength to which Chaijui was attaining, gave additional and very forcible reasons to their glances of alarm turning to the north. The steamers which have now been for some years plying on the Oxus have been steadily supplying Chaijui, the terminal fort, with all the muni tions of war and the concentration of troops in its neighborhood, especially of the light irre gular horse which Eussia has been so largely raising, threatened Merv with constant danger. Chaijui to such a force is not a week's distance from Merv, and the apprehensions of the Tur comans for their capital were therefore well founded. Once driven from that town they would' have but little chance of regaining possession, for the Russian artillery could in ten days be brought up from Chaijui, and Russian engines would very soon make the city of Merv impregnable by an unskilled enemy. Eussia would then be within a fort night's distance of Herat, and not only : nearer by a.hundred miles to.that great" fortress than are the' English forces at Kandahar or at Oabul, but the vast resources ot transport which the conquest of Merv would place at. their disposal would give the Cossacks such an advantage in the race for " the key of Cabal" as would double the difference in distance already in their favor. 