IN TE R CO; .< >.\" 1A1, T ii LEG 11 AiS S. ? SvilNIV, .1 .—A; ."lrjit was made last Jilt, to iiGrn Wei..s(e- c<v '..! factory it Coota- Tin: main Ixidiiinj; w:w lirei in two .'•so the lie>lriMi.ii of tlie dtttllii i Svhn V, June <5.— After :i very Slieee.ss'fiil pnason Mr iJ. K-rter.'t pi ujDiorte recital? closed last ]ii-_'nr, t e amiienee iit.uiii -sting ^1'l.iL enthusiasm, Some i ipk-a^antiieii* oecurred i'-'-l'.re the Ji.iro'-ni:ii--ni-ed, owing to a misnuderstaud- iorinnifi: inii in' Mr Ketten and Mi Mou gue his The foriii- r deelim.-ii t.i play «hil.; the '"'r as jinsei't. On f):'t.urday aftern >on. -while a j^j lined lJavies was playing about the tramsed down wav t minus ;it Kedfeiu, lie' wa« knoc l>y th< motor while crossing the line, and killed iustan j. Tne body was completely cut in lialvc'4 nj-.-iit The -18 hours : vouths' pedestrian tournarmiiiated last night,. W. Lever being first with y miles 10 laps, and J. Assenlieim second wsiii a mile's f nir laps. Tlie w eather is fine. l>F.:i HANK, June 5.—Mr j Herintheim conlirms the port in leierence to the privations experien ;ed a- N'.-w Ireland.! The men taken to imke if York Isl-iid retiiriKd to LikiJ Liki Hay. i Nine >fjIie ied. The colonists are descrioed as princiild men and boys, totally unfit [to p.ill> coionise country, lireat mortality is probable. The ' war 0.11ner Conlliet wai at the di-pOt, assisting, j ^'heve was no liews of tlife Oenil. : 1.AIL>E, June 5.—The three years' terms of j sorvjc 1 of nier. who lirst joined [ V1)]u Cer uiilitary force having expire' he present 1, a general j niUft,, ' Volunteers w as held on Satin day, for the f gr:'i:tii:._; discharges to such men as did ire tn rejoin, and the re-enroll iig of those who v enrol: d to remain in the service. 103 men re- TO joined the leservc, and 76 received their • isi- itar-.e. £130 in bounty money was paid, J and tli appeared to be no reluciauc oil the part ol tu. men re-enrolling to take the bo JUS i a great uianv nien were absent. | PE Til, June o—S. M. Stout, edito: of tbe Victor km Ezpre&i;, has been coniinitt d f >r trial oil a chat : of stealing newspapers Svii SP.Y, June 7-—The Governmei t have apjioiiKwd a special coiiiinission in ,reference to tiie etiar; es aL'.iinst Judre Moymott. The French. man f-«ai Riiin left to-day for Melbourne ; the us:<a! saluie was lircd. A letmr r Hani;in explains that owin-.' to prior be w; s nin'i'ie tn meet Ti ickott.iin Kn tcinl). r or October, but is wiliing to Janui l-yj and will make a mateh ,-i depo.-its ]£50 The police aod a black Qniri idi| to-day, going towards Y\ evide itly acting ou iuforo:alion re ruorii [lajoiher police, have gone in tlifl Wali xnb-ti ; it is suspecled that ihe are ti yi-.ig to'work round for tin.* Nil >ank; robiiers mile llauges ou fo >t. : l'l-.e G.iverunieiit have called for tenders for ti.e consLructi-in <-f 25 motor.- ii the colony. Tlie ^xeeiiM-. c has decided to conimu 2 capital senteiici-s . :j (.ri>r:i.-n. .Seowen, and S\ for the muntor of a publican at Glebe, to iinpris -with hard! labour, for short ijieriod deatl semence for rape at Maitland to iipprisi'iimenr, with hard laboi YesMrdav seine fishermen at Wollon swort fish 13ft 6in 1 tig, with a girl lis i i vas armed w ith a sold bony i|ani Ion A 12nz nugget has been found 4ft fi om the. Kurfaee anil within S" struct. Tiie discover^' has caused rnent, and the adjoiir'-g gi-"iiiid is peige.i eeived from mgagements id in 5iepw; liiin in ii as Trickett tracker jeft jrris Creek, eived ; this di root toil of inment, iocl-iir's inmuted or life. ;aught a 6ft; the iv.-.r 3ft at tliil-end, of the main excitef>u t. resolubill to it on a SYI SEV, June S—Mr Cameron inov tiou t i?.tltiie Government should bring Sto] jhiii'se imniiiiatioii, but withdrew hat he was staten ent being ma-lc by the Premier s of the in co iiniitnieation with the Government joint action other lol jeiics with the view of takii sirjet Chinese immigration, ~ Tumut polici; last night arrested ; a man o •iciou of beiiiL' J-jsTsj ll Byrnes, the jbushrang ware! iiV'iiim a lone time ; Co'l'ii-, a ey have umV blacksmith knew Hyrnes when he was a g toria, iii.l brought horses frequently ; in Vichoeing : OH:ii pointed lii:n out ami ! a group tlie lioyal Hotel billiard room, and says if it is n it Bvrnes it must i his ghost ; the prisoner is remanded for fun.ii, identification. i An J!DK, June S—Mr (frordoii, lanl agent, lias left A eUiile secietly ; Ills creditors held [meeting to-.lrfj and resolvwl to apnlj' to mal e him ins.>:- vent SVD SKV, June 9.—The Council PUSS id tbe second readiilg of the Electoral Bi',1. witliout debate, and ihnm-lh committee; the ciiuses velat il-tO deport, and jiroiiibiting pluinpiug. were p i-tp nied till TUPS'lav. In the Asst inbly lb" C l'lircljas-.-.- 'Validating Bill, to make ::oii'iin.i;ifvl iiuic!e:sei found to have I rescivis. w is read a s-:coud iimcan i p; ciiiniii tree ; or. the in.ition t\ pjply, Mr Buchanan moved luoti f.-ivour of pioteciive duties pose •if promoting, encouraging, an native iudustiies, and a deb.ite ensued M.LJ ., who lias been ill i Ic time, is sinking fas The strike at Hartley Y Ie is sa'.ise resumed fueter iy cnuel.ided, and t, ie men li work. The Government, has agreed to ml a uuuirs. for the ber of ballast wag-; he c mine line from Wagga to Albi«y. as r li ltraotors <-xtiaefc time prn6S tlxiir inability to ffini h within c without 'thi stance. The iposcd to be liyme, the bushranger, is l.r.vmb up at the Tumut Police Court to-dav ; he tunic out to be Joseph %1'Ivi r, a native of M 'Ivor, A icioria, but bears a jremurkable resenil lance to iyrne; the prison as (lischarged. Bui: SANE, June 0 —.Sydr ev W. Sw. uwick, w!:o was < jnlillit'.ei'. for cnu'eii [it of court >;n tlie 19th May, broiiijit u]i this I morning rid released, after av-ng mad.- a wiilte:^ apology t the pers-'ns cogniz be f. case I hwii L.tii'is cgal certain eb-. inad^ ou Cd tlinitlgh Committee contingent ir the purprotecliug Mr Driver, rtj'i into refcing not to ujrt iill the d by his conduct; he also enu iiuc' S to keep the jiealce. tindori within the pre-:m.r|s of the iwobs v. Sw.iiiwick' wJis finally- s< tjled. 