THE PIEMAN TRACK. of ', ss Will Government ever rise equal to the occasion, and give the country that access to the Pieman for which Parliament has provided the means of The public will be thunderstruck by the statement of our Mount Bischoff correspondent, telegraphed to us yesterday', that Mr. Surveyor Sprent had waited on what is called the Pieman Track Association, and, on the part of Government, had offered to hand over to that Association the sum of five hundred pounds, if it would undertake its expenditure on the track. The proper formation and completion of this track is either the work of Government, or it is not. If the work of Government, why does it shirk its proper duty, and throw the responsibility on a body not recognised by Parliament, and utterly irresponsible ? If the work does not fall to Government, on what authority do Ministers hand over the expenditure of public money without the sanction of Parliament? We might ask who or what is the Track Association ? But we know that it is a haphazard collection of a few very respectable and well meaning gentlemen, who have shown their desire to open up communication between the Mount and the Pieman, but who, as might have been expected, have not given anything like general satisfaction by the manner in which they spent their own money and a contribution given by Government. We are not in a position to say whether they have obtained as good value for the money laid out as was possible, or whether the adverse criticism that has come to us from so many quarters, is correct. But if honorary preparers of specifications, and honorary inspectors who could only be expected to visit the workmen when they themselves had nothing else to do, and were not afraid of a tramp of several miles through the scrub, succeeded in getting the work done as it should have been done, and got as much of it, they had the good fortune to find a body of labouring men of be exceptionally desirable a character that they would, if made exhibits at the Melbourne Exhibition, prove the most attractive sight in the Tasmanian Court. What we object to in the past of the Track Association is that their services being gratuitous, they were exempt from that criticism which we should not have hesitated in otherwise indulging in, bad we seen occasion. But the task of finding fault with volunteers would have been so ungracious that we were stayed in even making enquiries. And now the evil is to be magnified. Government propose handing over £500 to a body of men from whom they can exact no guarantee to whom they can give no instructions ; with whom they cannot find fault, no matter how great the occasion, and this for two reasons The gift horse must not he looked in the mouth," his age must be accepted as stated and secondly, even if the work were notoriously scamped, Government, having no one on the spot to represent it would know nothing of things going wrong till too late till the money was gone, and the Association and Government probably equally at a loss to know what had become of it. Do Ministers really think that this is a business way of spending public money? Are they so destitute of resources within the Works department, that they are obliged to helplessly appeal to a self-constituted association of volunteers who will probably undertake anything but personal responsibility, to come to their aid ? What are the stringent conditions Mr. Sprent is said to have laid down, and if he was dealing with volunteers and irresponsibles, how are the stringent conditions to be enforced ? They may read well on paper, but should circumstances occur requiring legal interference, what will be the relations between a non reliant helpless Ministry, and a body of well intentioned gentlemen, who positively could not protect themselves from the frauds of contractors or working men ; who would have no locus standi in a Court ? What are to be the functions of this Association ? Are some of the members to be continually moving about seeing that the workmen are doing their duty? Do Ministers expect that one or more of them will walk out five miles to-day, ten miles to-morrow, or twenty next day ? Or are they to trust to an inspector ? If the latter, why should not Ministers dispense with the Association, and send their own inspector 6 Assuming the statement of our correspondent to be true, and the reel sure it is, Miniature could not take a more effectual means of preparing the public to find fault with the expenditure. They are courting defeat, and another season will be lost, for we have no reason to expect that this irresponsible mode of spending money will be more efficient than have similar attempts been in the past. We have almost nothing for all the money that has been spent, and this five hundred pounds will probably go with the rest. But why five hundred pounds when a thousand were VOted ? Han the Minlaton any estimate of the probable oust T If li o knows that £500 is enough, why did he ask for £1,000? Or is he trying on a miserable doling out of the funds, saying, take this and try and (make it do. If you find it not sufficient, come back to me, and you may get some more ? And is the progress of the colony come to such a tinkering, cheese-paring, penny wise style of opening up the country as this I Alas for the West Coast j Alas for poor Tasmania if this is a fair sample of Mr. O'Reilly's ideas of a wise a comprehensive, and a business like way of doing the work for which he and his department are paid. She would not dare to so play with his duty and the public interest if Parliament were in session. too low protest against his so fooling away public money, and if he persists in such an extraordinary proposal, we hope hon. members of both Houses evils bear in remembrance so glaring a shirking by a Minister of his duty, and bring him and his colleagues to account when the proper time comes, as some it will. He may look on Mr. Sprent's startling communication to the Association as a fall in the Minister of Lands' coffin, Inward English Mail-The RM.S. Bokhara, with the inward English mails, had a long stay at Adelaide, for she passed Cape Borda at 335 a.m. on Saturday, and should have reached Glenelg early he Same afternoon, and is reported as having only left for Melbourne at 10 a.m. on Sunday. Her detention has likely been caused by bad weather. Pfao Bokhara would probably arrive in Hobson's Bay early this morning. The s.s. Flinders will receive the Tasmanian portion of the mail, and Raven Melbourne at 10 a.m. to-day. She should thus reach Launceston to-morrow morning in time for the mails to be forwarded to Hobart Town, and delivery take place at the General Post, QW# , bout 10 o'clock to-morrow night A'" '" '? Intercolonial Files. By the arrival of the s.s. Mangana, at Launceston, on Saturday, we have received the following files of intercolonial papers : Victoria, 24th to 26th inst. New South Wales, 22nd to 24th inst. ; South Australia, 22nd and 23rd inst. Queensland, 16th to 20th dust.; and New Zealand, 13th to 18th East. Tamar Eli action. The polling for a member of the Legislative Council for Tamar takes place to-day. The candidates are Mr. F. W. Grubb, the late member, and Mr. John Scott. The polling places are the Town Hall, Launceston, and the Police Office, George Town. The Volunteers. - Colonels Scratchley and Roberts left here last evening by train for Launceston, and they proceed to Melbourne to-day by the ss. Mangana. Colonel Angelo, Major Fysh, Captain Boddam, and several officers of the Rifle Regiment were at the station to see the Colonels off. Major Fysh, previous to their leaving, entertained the military visitors at a luncheon at his residence, Highfield. The Rifle Heoiment.-Owing to the inclemency of the weather last evening, the proposed march-out by the Rifle Regiment was postponed. The Waterworks Committees very acrimonious discussion took place at the meeting of the City Council yesterday afternoon, upon a special report brought up by the chairman of the Water- works Committee, Alderman Pike, recommending that iron syphons should be used instead of stone troughing, in the upper part of the new water- works scheme, subject however to Mr. Gordon's professional opinion upon the subject. Alderman Pike moved the adoption of the report in a way that was calculated, if not intended, to mislead the Council as to its value and origin, and Alderman Watcher is, we regret to say, made himself a party to this course by seconding the motion sub silentio. Alderman Maher, shower or, the third member of the Waterworks Committee, elicited in course of a conversational discussion, in which all three gentlemen got very angry, that the so-called report was concocted under very peculiar circumstances. The matter had been discussed at a meeting of the committee at which he was present, but at a subsequent meeting, when he was absent, Aldermen Pike and Watchorn discussed it in the presence of the Director of Waterworks, Mr. James. Alderman Pike and his hobby and protégé are well-known, and were opposed by both his companions, but after Mr James had gone, Mr. Pike, walking home with Mr. Watchorn, seems from what we can gather from their statements to have overcome the scruples of the latter gentleman, and they In a return to the Town Hall and agree to the so-called report, and this, although Mr. Watchorn expressly stated at the meeting yesterday that he never would vote against the opinion of their professional officers, or set his judgment up against theirs, whereas in so consenting to Alderman Pike's report, he not not only overrode knowingly Mr. James' professional opinion, but that of Mr. Maher, a brother committee-man, who is practically much more experienced in such matters than either Mr. Pike or himself, and who was absent on this occasion. Alderman Espie, with characteristic and straightforward bluntness, probably hit the right nail on the head when he suggested that the real meaning of the report was the desire to snatch a victory from some one-a very meaningless one, however. Alderman Pike's expression of a wish that Mr. Gordon shall be unbiassed in any way in his decision is, in face of this action of his an insult to our common sense, while Alderman Watchorn's suave complicity is a confirmation of the rumour that, in view of the approaching election, he is prepared to purchase support at any price. Alderman Seabrook supported the motion consistently with his former expressions of opinion. Alderman Daly, also consistent, gave a silent vote as usual, his opinions being possibly unfathomable The report is carried, but what good is it, except as an expression of malignancy. Education Examinations The examination for the A.A. Degree is to begin on Friday next, at 9 a.m., and for the Tasmanian Scholarships on Monday next, at the same hour, both in the Freemasons' Hall. Dr. Bromby will, as usual, conduct the examinations. City Police Court The Mayor (Mr. W. H. Burgess) and Alderman Watchorn occupied the Bench yesterday. William Burns, alias Forbes, an old offender, who was released from gaol on Saturday, was charged with using obscene language in a public street on Saturday night. The charge was proved and the defendant was fined 40s, (6d., with the alternative of two months' imprisonment. The fine was not paid. As the defendant was removed from the Court he said the gaol authorities would never got any work out of him. Margaret Smith and Alexander Dunlop, peace disturbers, and John Johnstone, a seaman, for using obscene language, were fined 5s. each. A male offender, for his second appearance within 90 days on a charge of being drunk and incapable, was fined 10s.; and a female offender, who was charged, for the first time, with being drunk and disorderly, was fined 5s. Emily Howard, who was arrested for being disorderly, was cautioned and discharged. At a later period of the day Thomas McDonnell, a seaman of the barque Harriet McGregor, for being absent from his vessel without leave, was brought before the Mayor and Mr. W. P. Green, J.P., and ordered to be sent to prison for two days. Annual Licensing Meetings. To-morrow, the annual licensing meetings will be held throughout the colony. At the Hobart Town meeting, there will be 91 applications for original licenses, 15 from persons holding licenses by transfer from others, 8 from persons holding permits, 3 new applicants for old licensed houses, and one application for a new license, viz., W. W. Garrett, Rose and Crown, Elizabeth and Burnett streets. For the district of Hobart, there are 10 applications for old houses. Cricket The New Norfolk and High School clubs played a match on the Association ground yesterday, the weather being as inclement as could be. The New Norfolk captain having won the toss, sent the School to the wickets, and 179 appeared on the telegraph at the fall of the last wicket. F. Bennett, as usual, played a cricketer's innings for 50\. J. Swan displayed his hitting powers with 60 to his credit, and M. McLeod's 28 were well put together, when an unfortunate run out disposed of him. The New Norfolk men in their first attempt made 45 ; F. Reynolds, by careful play, contribut- ing 15, and W. Allport 12 (not out). The bowling honours fell to M. McLeod, with 8 wickets for 25 runs. The follow on and excessively bad weather may in a degree account for the collapse of the countrymen in their second innings, 21 being the total obtained; F, Bonnett and M. McLeod bowling with the most deadly effect. The High School thus secured a victory by one innings and 173 runs. The match between the Derwent and Break o'Day clubs will be resumed this afternoon at 4 o'clock. The scores at present are Derwent, first innings, 498; Break o'Day first, 63 ; second, 126 for five wickets. Street Cricketers correspondent writes: "The residents in the vicinity of Wellington Crescent have been feasted to their hearts content during the past two or three weeks with a species of street cricket, which, however gratifying it may be to the players, is no source of amusement to the adjoining householders, whose gardens have been ruthlessly trampled on in pursuit of the ball. It is to be hoped that these youthful aspirants to the noble game will take this hint, and move their sport to some more congenial climes." TrtE Annual Regatta -A meeting of the Executive Committee of the Hobart Town Regatta will be held on Thursday evening next, at 3 o'clock, to make the arrangements for holding the usual public meeting in connection with this popular annual event. The annual meeting has been held at an earlier date in previous years, but the delay in this instance has been unavoidable, in consequence of the absence of several influential members of the Committee at the Melbourne Exhibition. It is not, however, intended that this shall interfere with the ultimate success of the 1881 regatta, as the committee intend to put their shoulders to the wheel to make up for lost time. New NoitPOLic Regatta A meeting of the Regatta Committee was held at the Star and Garter Hotel, New Norfolk, on Saturday, to make arrangements for the regatta, to be held at that town on Sharland, O. Blockey, R. Shoobridge, J. T. Bradshaw, F. H. Wise, T. Allwright, D. Allport, H. New, R Jeffery, and H. J. Wise (honorary secretary). Messrs W. Hicklin and W. Knox having been appointed members of the committee, a programme consisting of seven events was drafted, and the conditions of each case decided upon, The offer of Mr. G. Arnot to give a prize of £5 was accepted, and it was resolved to apply the money as a first prize for the seventh event, a skiff race for natives of the district who have never won 'a race of the same character, Messrs R. Jeffery, F. H. Wise, J. T. Bradshaw, A. Riddoch, R. Shoobridge, and W. C. Sharland were appointed the ground committee, and it was arranged that they should meet at half-past 6 o'olock this (Tuesday) evening. The committee was empowered to call for tenders for whatever work they might deem necessary. The Secretary was requested to write and ask His Excellency Sir J. H. Lefroy to become patron of the regatta. The Secretary was also instructed to advertise the programme (which appears, elsewhere) to communicate with the New Norfolk band to call for tenders for publicans booths and to apply to the Warden for the use of the Esplanade. The following gentlemen were appointed an Executive Committee, with power to make the final arrangements for the regatta :- Messrs. A. Riddoch, W. C. Sharland, A. Sharland, O. Blockey, R. Shoobridge, J. T. Bradshaw, F. H. Wise, T. Allwright, D. J Allport, H. New, and R. Jeffery, with the Treasurer ] and Secretary at once. It was agreed that the Executive Committee should meet at half-past 7 o'clock on Saturday evening, New Year's Day Racks. Nominations for the New Year's Day meet of the T. J. were received by the hon. Secretary, Mr. George Browne, yesterday. The complete list will be published to-morrow. Albion Racing Stud.- At Christchurch, on November 12, Messrs. H. Matson and Co., in conjunction with Messrs, Wilkin, sold Mr. C. G. Eady's thoroughbred horses, so well known in Tas mania. The steeplechaser Quamby brought 200 5 guineas, the purchaser being Mr. Jas. Wilkin Dalstook, GO guineas, J. Murray ; Albion, 50 guineas! ? has. Lewis. At the close of the sale the St. f| albans ooU Was sold to sporting gentleman " . ï n*Uittctory figure," J T Last Night's Express Train The express train from Launceston, which was due at Hobart Town at a quarter to 9 o'clock last night, did not arrive until midnight. The engine was that to which a now reversing link was supplied on Sunday, and which, when the train was at Flat Top, shared the same fate as that for which it was substituted. ' As the train was not heavily laden, it was brought on by the damaged engine, only one-half of which was worked. It was in consequence of the loss of power thus arising that the usual speed could not be maintained. The Weather The strong N.W. wind which began on Sunday afternoon continued the whole of yesterday, attended at intervals with terrific squalls. Throughout the day copious rain fell, which would be welcomed by the gardeners, as the ground was beginning to get hard, The harbour was very rough, and very few boats ventured out in it in consequence. Two vessels, the Nautilus j and the Taiwan, could not get into the harbour owing to the high winds, but anchored in Sandy Bay. The latter vessel carried away her maintopsail yard whilst beating up the river. Some of the small craft had slight mishaps, in tho shape of carrying away ropes, etc. ; but no accidents of a serious nature occurred. About half-past 4 in the afternoon a rather unusual spectacle was seen in the shape of a small waterspout in the middle of the river. Two sudden squalls seemed to meet one another, and caught up the waves, carrying the spray in a thick cloud to some height. The weather looked very unsettled late last night, and did not show any appearance of a change for the. better. "The Gloster-st. A. Luckmann, proprietor of the "Night Advertiser," writes contradicting a rumour, which he says is in circulation to the effect that he has "some collusion with the asinine individual who is at present frightening a few helpless women." The rumour has arisen from the fact that Mr. Luckmann uses an apparatus in his present advertising business. He mentions that on Friday night a servant girl of his was passing near Mr. Lewis' house, Battery Point, when she was touched on the shoulder by some one draped in white with a blaze of fire on his chest (phosphorus, no doubt The fellow tried to pass a handkerchief over her face, but she rushed away and he sprang over a wall. This "ghost" game has long since passed beyond a joke, and it will be relief to the public mind when the perpetrator is caught. Death from Disease of the Heart Mr. W. Tarleton, Coroner, held an inquest, at the Queen's Head Inn, Upper Elizabeth-street, yesterday afternoon, relative to the circumstances connected with the death of Joseph Aldridge, a porter, who resided in Queen-street. It was elicited that the deceased had been ailing for some time past. On Friday evening he appeared to be well, and worked in his garden. Some time after retiring, he fell out of bed; and his wife, who n demented, covered him with a coat. Early on Saturday morning she called in a neighbour, named James Nance, and he found that Aldridge had been dead some hours. A post-mortem examination was subsequently held by Dr. Benjafield, when he found that the pericardium contained a large quantity of blood which had escaped through the wall of the heart. Death resulted from a rupture of the heart, caused by the diseased condition of that organ. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testimony. The Drowned Woman The body of the woman which was picked up in the river off the Brooke-street (Monarch) pier on Sunday morning, has been identified as that of Mary Cooper, alias luckie. The police inform us that the deceased was an old convict, and had been a frequent inmate of the gaol, the last sentence she had being in May last, when she received three months' imprisonment for being an idle and disorderly person. An inquest will be held on deceased's body, at 3 p.m. to-day, at the Bird-in-Hand Hotel, Argyle-street. We would remind our leaders of the "Gift Concert,' which takes place this evening at the Tasmanian Hall. The programme, which is published in another column, is an unusually attractive one, comprising as it does instrumental and vocal music by talented ladies and gentlemen. Members of Herr Schott's band will be stationed in the gallery at the northern end of the hall, and will play selections under the leadership of Herr Schott. We think we may safely predict a bumper house. A meeting of justices of the peace is to be held at the City Police Office to- day, at noon, to revise the valuation roll for the district of Hobart for 1881. rCMiBS Whiteside will give another of her cookery demonstrations in the Alliance Rooms to-morrow afternoon and also on Friday evening. An entertainment is to take place in the Richmond Library Hall, on Thursday, 9th December. 