BROTHER ANTONIO. (From.Scribmr's Magazine.) In some forgotten ruler'B reign, :Thoro stood an abbey in priest-rulod Spain, Tenanted by the jolliest friars That oyer drank from a wassail-bowl, Or ato good dinners beside good fires, Or prayed the sins from a dead man's soul. . They had good cellars of rare old vrrne ; They ato and slept on a g'onerous plan ; Had well-stooked lardera and viands firie, And all that comforts the natural man. They led a sordid, luxurious life — And waged 'with Satan no ghostly strife ; Never, I wot, their fat knees wore Prayerful dints in the cold stone floor. All the brethren wore past their youth All bore traces of deep excess ; And all had grown, in their searoh for.truth, Rivala in pious paunciiine.ss. ' ' ' ; But blowsier, broaden than all the rest, . Brother Antonio stood confessed, Rosy of visage, and.short of wind, As merry a monk as over sinned ; With prominent stomaoh and double ohin, And mouth to empty a wine-cask in ; Plump of body and round of limb — You would havo said, had you looked at him, Some oherub of Rubens (himself no saint — A glutton in colour — a sot in paint) Tempted by goodies, the greedy elf, Had leaped from the canvaa and dressed . himself. How it happened and what befell, None of tho friars would over tell ; But Brother Antonio, hardened long In sinful surfeit and selfish wrong, Mado all the brotherhood stand aghast By setting boldly aside at laBt Even the loose elastic rulo Of their indulgent and sordid eohool. No look of pity their features wore — Only a stern judioial gloom — When they assembled in solemn state, In tho deep-embrasured council-room, To prove his guilt and pronounce his fate . Prom volumes of old monastio lore ; Grimly the gravest read his doom — To cease from among them forevermore. They oould not redden their hands 'with gore; So as the quiokest and cleanest 'way Of hiding his error forevormoro, They exiled him far from tho light of day — Doomed him for life to that dismal place, The orypt, whore their sainted brethren lay, To pay tho price of his diro disgrace ; And while ho prayed them, with pallid face, To lift his sentence and ehrivo his sin, Thoy opened a tomb in tho wall's thick stones, And, shoving tho former incumbent's bones Into a corner, thoy pushed him in. In vain ho struggled against- their might In mortal anguish of soul and brain. They settled tho pondorous blocks aright, Cementing them firmly in place again, And sealed him up in hia living grave With never a friend to shrive or save ; Leaving, him' theto in tho dreaiy tomb With a gourd of water, and standing room. (Ho should not perish; thoy said, of thirst, They would let him starve or Btifle first.) Buried alive I . Abhorrent doom I How he strugglod and oursed his fate I Loft alone in that ghastly tomb. . With homblo fung^ and musty murk, ? A.nd nothing to do but watch and wait For slow starvation to do its work I Buried alivo I and his soft, white hands Dug and scraped at tho stubborn Btones, And ho shrieked entreaties and vain oom manis, ' And vexed the silence . with threats and groans. The vioious skeleton elbowed him, i And 'when he shrunk from its noisome touoh, It seemed to follow with purpose grim Arid grip his throat with a stifling olutoh, Till KS starting eyo-balls almost saw 116 horrible head arid fleshless jaw :In luminous outline barb arid Btark Against the BoUd and orowding dark. The Bight would a stouter heart appall, And-Brother Antonio crouched arid shrunk, And pressed his face to the rough atone wall In deadly fear of the skoloton monk. ! It happened that on the other sido . Of tho oatacombed Wll so thick and 'wide, Another houseful of holy men, , Quito removed from their neighbours kon, : ' Knowing nought of thoir neighbours deeds. Scourged the. flesh for the Bpirit's good, Sung their matins and told their beads, A happy and prosperous brotherhood. . ! j Muoh did these excellent brothers griovo That nono among them was quito a saint, And morn and midnight and noon and eve', ' Thoy prayed with humble and- heart-felt . plaint. ' : i That one of thoir order, gone before, Would deign to visit tho oarth onco moro ; And be thoir toaoher to help and save With wisdom brought from beyond the grave. -? Musing on this and many- more Similar subjeots of ghostly lore, One ovoning Brother Filippo took His frugal taper and missal-book, And stolo away by tho turret stair \ Por a seorot season of silont prayor ; But ho bethought him before ho went; Into his cell's chill banishment, Of a cobwebbed flagon rare and old — A famous vintago which long ago Ho had hidden away in the dust and mould Of tho dim and shadowy crypt below. Little ho oared for spectres grim With glaring eyo-holeB and hollow breast — , Nover a ghost had troubled him ; , . And ho followed fearless hia aecret queHt Whore, far from the wholesome light of day, His predecessors were laid away : , ; So long ago that they paved the stones | With a baBso-reliovo of mouldy bonoB, And as he quietly picked his way Over his sainted brethren's clay (Or, stating it moro correotly, lime), And mused on the changes, of life and tiine, To his pondering soul it must have seemed, While the flickering flare of his taper gleamed On mortal relics and zhildowed atones, That tho one fixed faot in the 'world was bones. There wero bones in^ many and quaint designs; In rows and pyramids, squares and lines, Curves and angles and wingB and lyTes, Droll wheel-patterns with skulls for hubs, Ribs for felloes and spines for tyres ; Cheorful fancies of hearts and clubs (These in honour of long past games When these relics wore Blans and names) ; Bones in triplets and bones in pairs, Arcs and circlea, rosettes and squares — Bones in evory position placed, Bones on tho most abounding plan — Never so vast a number graced Tho happiest dream of a medioal man. And skulls ; they mot him on every side, Spectral and grissly and vacant-eyed ; Skulls above him, around, beneath, In every possible stage of teeth ; Somo had regular rows of pearls, Some were fanged like a savage beast, Whilo some had ouapids like fair young girls' — White as rice- grains ; and there 'was one Uncommonly old and holy priest, With teeth worn level by life's long feast, And a calm expression of work well done. But Brother Pilippo faced the throng Fearless, and mused, as ho stole along, How strange 'when life is alert and glad, And death is dreary, and cold and dull, That living faces aro mostly sad, And nothing grins like a dead man's skull I Hark I Tbe friar turned 'with a nervous start , And a sudden plunge of his shrinking heart. From his joound nose and his rosy jowl ' Ebbed in a moment the rich red blood, And terror struck to his inmost soul, As thud — thud-thud^-thud Came four dulled sounds from a walled-up , tomb, Smiting his sense like tho strokes of doom. His very skull-cap shrunk appalled ; ; Doubtless his hair would havo risen straight Except that his head was shiny bald — Bald as a biscuit by time or fate ; Froze liis heart with a deathly chill ; Died on his lips tho mumbled prayer. His jaw dropped wide and liis pulse, stood still With a sudden and. awful sense of scare, And down on tho damp unfriendly ground Ho dropped in a deep and breathless srwound. Whether tho touoh of dead men's bones, Or tho solid whack on the cruel stones Restored his senses, he rallied soon, And with many a tumble, wrench, and sprain — His haste and terror contemning pain — (His light was out, and there shone no moon) He scrambled and struggled, bruised and lame, Back by the crooked way ho came, — Tho winding vault and tho steep stone Btair Leading to life and light and air, — Losing all ho oould leave behind, Taper, and sandals, and presence of mind. The brothers gathered with spade and pick- — And something of nervous dread, withal — ' And lifting the cobwebs dense and thick, , They pried a stone from the massive wall, ! And lo 1 in answer to all their queat, — ? Pale with fasting, with terror faint, His white hands folded across his breast,— Ho Btood discovered — their prayed-for saint ! Whatever had beon Antonio's orime, Ho was always ounning, old or young, | And he saw that this was a proper time i . ? To cast up his oyes and hold his tongue. , Thoy lifted him gently with many prayers! . This new-fledged saint, from his stone ooooon ; ! Thoy carried him tenderly up tho stairs -j With faces of awe- struck joy — and soon . y: They : made hi™ splendid 'with garments Wanned him with cordials rioh and strong, And sculptured arohes and stately nave Sent baok the strains of; their weloome-song., , Sobered by danger and fear and grief,— For even friars from these ihay learn,— Brother Antonio vowed to turn ' Over a brand-new moral leaf. 1 To bo devoted, sincere, and good, And live as a godly friar should. He prayed and studied and fasted much ; The fame of his saintship oiroled wide ; Tho siok were brought for his hoaling touoh : From tho furthest bound of tho countryside ; The simple peasantry far and near Hold him holy ; and young and old , ? f Sought his counsel with faith sincere, And, stinting their stomaohs of needed bread, Bought his blessing for so muoh gold, And half believed he could raiBO the dead. - But euddon conversions seldom lait ; , And ore a yoar of his eairitship passed, ; In spito of vigils and prayers galore, Brother Antonio fell onco moro — : '? Heavier, hardor, deeper, lower, ' Farther and worsb than he did boforo. And' tho sorrowing brethren, shooked and grieved, , ? To find how sore they had been doceived, ; . ' Looked upon him as one acoursed — No saint, but a doubly sinful man ; And romombefing how thoy had found him: first. Could think of no surer or bettor plan, ' To oleanse thoir skirts of this dismal stain,' ' Than to put hi™ baok in his holo again. So, after Vespers, they took him down Where the broken tomb \vas gaping wide ; Tho resident Bkolotori, tall and brown, 1 Arid the ompty water-gourd still inside (The stono had nover, since been replaced) ; Arid tlioy olad him 'again in hia mildewed gOWllj With tho hempen ropo's-end about the waist,— ' ' , The s'amo that when ho arrived ho woro,— - And plasterod him as ho was boforo, With his marrowless enemy, stark and grim, ; And tho ravenous rata to oompanion him. ; Meantime the brothers who doomed hiin first Had seldom mentioned his'awful fato ; ! His nauio among them had bceri accursed - And rarely heard in his former homo. Onlv conial Brother Jerbmo Missed and mourned for hia buried mate. t It happened on tlio same spring day When tho guilty monk, for tho (Second timb, , Had been in tho catacomb staled away , ; ' To oxpiato and ropent his orinio, Gontlo Brother Jerome had died,— j ' Having pined and pined . iunoe . the. . loaVes turned brown ; And now, as the moon bngan to riso And scatter tho light from her silver crown Over tho dewy world outside, His brethren gathered to bear him down And lay him away to skelotoniso. Under tho altar, — tho usual way,: — Chill arid silent, tho dead iriorik lay ; Tho flickering tapor's light revealed His dark- fringed lids in their death-Bleep sealed, The marblo browB with their classic lino, Tho thin, high nose'and the nostril fine, And the lips that never wonld open more In aves, paters, or holy hyriins ; And .tho coarse groy garment ho always wore Showing tho lines of his rigid limbs. ' Under its frayed and faded hem Gaunt and pallid,' his feet were seen, Bare — and now, for a wonder, oloan; Earthly paths wero no more for thom ; And, though not needed in other spheres, H3s half-worn sandalB 'beside wero placed. Two wax-like hands to his pulseless breast A wooden crucifix stiffly pressed, ? That hung by his rosary's beaded ohain (Which never would reckon' hia prayers again) To tho hempen girdle about his waist. Dead — in his manhood's ripeBt prime ; Dead — and, spito of his fifty years, What had he conquered from fate and time? What had ho known of the worth of lifo ? ' Never upon that lonely breast Had brow of sweetheart or tefldor wife Hidden in shyness or leaned for rest I Never a' child had nestled there, Or tossed and tangled his. glossy hair. A wandering breath from the chancel door Blew and .fluttered its soft brown rings, — Silken-bright as in days of yore, When in his childhood's delightful springs, Thoughtless of scourges and penances, He ran and sported and laughed for joy Under the thick pomegranate trees Of fair Granada, a merry boy I Past all penance and prayer and pain, The look of his youth came back again. It chanced that tho gentle brother's death Was seized by Fate as the mournful means Of saving Antonio's' failing breath, And bringing him baok to earthly soenes. For it pften ohanoed that no living bouI, For months, went down in that dismal hole-1— The last oold bedroom of all tbe friars, Wherein when once they were laid to sleep, Nn nftlVtn ?mfktirin ft y nVinnt ivf nVtnirn - ; Could rouse them ; — down in that dismal ? deep, Far from the pure, rebuking sky, Irreverent rodents, alert and sly, But daring from numbers and fierce withal, Wary as friars, and sleek no less, Held with tho relica high carnival, And throve on the- husks of holineSB. But Brother Jerome was, dead — and bp His oomrades gathered in monrnful pairs, Some bearing him down to the vaults below, While : others followed :with ohants iiarid . prayers; — I: It almost seemed, ere they. reaohed the end, That the- monk had perished to , Bave his friend. Hark 1 Their pallid tapers, with wavering spark, Only servod to reveal, tbe dark And the skeleton heads— -a grewsome Bight— Whioh, glad of some presence beBides them , selves, ; .Seemed to. nod in the flickering light, And grin and gibber alpng the shelves Hark 1 Was it a rat, that in yonder ahirik — Their tapers' glimmer soarce . .readied so . far — With a grim aritioipatory wink, Looked up from gnawing a fibula ? Each monk turned timidly round to see : What the cause of . the noise might be, ; And thud— thud— f/md— -ihudi ' There came a knocking that froze tbeir(bloold, From the very tomb where long Bgo . | They, had walled up Brother Antonio ! ; Within, the famished and desperate saint, j Cramped by tbe chilly, close constraint, , By pounding for. life with a Btray thigh-bone. Each shrunk from showing before the rest ' The awful' terror that filled bis breast ; j Had there been but one, he had Btraightway fled I In a headlong panio of frautio dread. As brothor Filippo had'done, one' day ; For oourage, like fire, 'tiB safe to say — i Though' none, of the brothers the faot wonld ' own— ? ' ''j Is apt to languish y[hen left alone. ! At last the bravest of all the band — - He had tho musole and brawn of five— , ?Said— oroesing ' himself ' with a trembling 'hand—'' '? ' 'Tin Brother Antonio, still alive !' Tbe wonder-widened, and one and all Fell to work at' the inassive'wall, -: -While Brother Antooio-a muffled tonea Urged them on from behind the 'stones. At last they reaohed him ; 'With pale hands pressed ' Prayerfully on his ample breast, He stood, with bis rapt eyeB raieed on high, And faoe with fastipg and fear made wan, Like the pallid statues tbat stand: for. aye Niohe-enshrined in the; Pantheon.: ?; Lo, a miraole t All their eyes. 7 Opened wider.with awed surprise Surely, none but, a.sairit oould live Eleven long months iri a hole like this I Arid all' were eager, and'glad.to give Hpn,pur.'to suoh fare holiness. ; ? Humbly the.'pale'aud wondering throng Pressed a'rpu^d^rith pbeisaribe low, Praying his| pardon for all the' wrong Done in ^Undnesa so lorig.ago.; ' And, asfthough to welobmbjthe wise old boy, !The rows of .skulls o'ri: the. narrow, shelves Grimaoed arid grinned, in, the genial joy, ;? Aud talke^.it pver among , themselves. ' Brother Antonip:knew full well He had oliepted death by a marvel twioe, Aud haply tfio epeotre. that shared bis oell : Gave, liim. spine, opportune. advioe. Be, that as it,may, he. tppk.gpodheed Tojmind his warnings and wend hia. ways, Atoning by: righteous, .life, and , deed , For all the errors of former days So lie lived royered as a saint iBhouId be, Apd he. died in tbe, odour of.'sanotity, . -And. when.at last he .was laid, away, His journey iended. for gpod and all, -. And nobody heard him; by night or day, - I Knocking lor help in the. thick Bt one: wall.' . COLOUEINO POR Sours, AMD GbAVIES.— Put four burioes of lump sugAr, a gill of water, arid half-an-ounce of the fiuesV.b'atter into'a small to'esbr, and^eet'it ovbr'agentle flrb'i'Biir it with a .wooden spoon till of a bright. brown. Ihen add half a' pint1 of water'; 'bo'ilj '?Bkiin, arid when obld, bottle 'and'eork it,blbse; Atld to soup or gravy aB muoh of this aa will give aprpper colour. GnAKOELLOH'S OB, CABINET, PODDING.— Eoi a pint of cream with a bit of ' lemon peel and some fine Bugar, and pour it hot over a half pound of orumblod nowly-baked Savoy pake in a basin. Cover the dish. When tho oroam is soakod up add. tho yolks and whites of eight oggs, separately woll whisked. Bake tho, pudding and servo with bustard sauoo.' Storied- dates, plums or raisins may be added, and also niinoed marrow almonds,'' arid grated . oitrpn, j.m.'jv. iv 