THE DETECTIVE'S OATH. I chanced to be in the New York Court of General Sessions, a good many years ago, when two professional thieves were being tried for burglary. There was but little doubt of their guilt; but they had secured excellent lekal ser vices, the actual evidence against them was very slender, and there was every promise of their being acquitted, when the prosecuting attorney suddenly called, as a witness for the State, the name of Patrick Harnden, the mere mention of which caused an abrupt and striking over shadowing of the criminals' prospect. They both lost countenance their counsel looked black ; and as the bearer of the name-a powerful, well knit young J man, with a pale face, an iron jaw, and a stern, relentless eye-stepped upon the stand, and in hard tones and simple language, gave the evidence that secured I their conviction beyond a doubt, they i turned white with terror, and trembled as though confronted with a ghostly Nemesis of all their crimes, and harkening to the b accusing words of Fate itself : " These men are professional thieves; ;a they are guilty of this particular charge for which they are now on trial, as my evidence will prove, and they are the last I of the Silver Gang, the members of which F I have haunted, tracked, shadowed, and hounded down, one by one, for years." Such was the opening sentence of wit ness Harnden's testimony, which in addi- at tion to securing that particular conviction, A displayed throughout a certain sleith th hound tendency and a deadliness of pur- on pose on the part of the speaker that was quite remarkable. th After the prisoners had been sentenced la; to heavy penalties McArdle, the veteran detective, who sat at the reporters' table, wi whispered in my ear : Cl "I knew iit was all up with those tu fellows as soon as Harnden took the stand. Did you notice the crushing effect of his fol mere presence upon them 1 He is the bete he noire, the incubus, the haunting, night- hv mare phantom of their tribe." ov " What is he A detective like your- pa self 1" W " Something of the sort, though he has been hunting down this especial Silver Gang of thieves, about the last of whom me have just been disposed of, more out of no revengeful hatred than for pay. He is not th only a thief transformed, but a `thief con- of verted into one who has proved their re- thi tributive and pursuing Nemesis. Some time I will tell you his story, if you would de like to hear it. th I expressed an ardent desire to that effect, and not long thereafter he told me the story, very much as follows : frc "Patrick Harnden was about finishing co his apprenticeship at brass finishing, and an was a sober, industrious, and promising be young fellow, when he became attached sol to a pretty shoplifter, named Jenny we Brettle, and then went downward till he landed in her profession. I am bound to wo confess that they agreed well together, and clung to each other,through thick and i thin, with a devotion and affection that I th have seldom seen equalled. Still, they were only thieves, after all, and Jenny, a as a thief's wife, was, perhaps, not greatly th better than she had been before; she was faithful to him, and that was all. mi "They were identified with the Silver ty Gang, an associated band of robbers, who 1w were just then becoming infa mously noto rious under the mysterious direction of tri Monteith, a clever rascal, who acquired dr immense influence over them through the ha uniform success of his schemes, and . . strange to say, almost as much or a ch mystery to his criminal subordinates as to the police and those upon whom their de- he predations were committed. He only in communicated with them under various hi disguises. Not one of them at that time knew who he was, what was his real name, occupation, or even probable age; but as m each of the Silver Gang (so named from one of its specialities of robbing wealthy ar houses of their silver service-plate) was fo under a terrible oath not to pry into things that did not concern him, and as it was to their interest to keep the oath, the identity of the 'major,' as he was called, remained secure. th " To make a long story short, Harnden fell under the displeasure of this mysteri- ar ous leader, through a dispute concerning Ti the division of the spoil, and was marked for summary punishment. The major put up a job on him, and then betraying a him into the hands of the police, doubtless under the supposition that he would be as effectually disposed of by being sent up o for a term of fifteen 'or twenty years. h But the entrapped man got only twelve months, by pleading guilty, and then after swearing vengeance against the man hi who betrayed him, bidding an affectionate farewell to his wife and child, and solemnly promising the judge who at sentenced him that he would come out of prison a reformed and altered man, pre pared to undergo his punishment with philosophical cheerfulness. t "I was present at the last interview with his wife and child, and it was very affect ing. w "'Good-by and God bless you, Jenny!' o he exclaimed, kissing her and the babe on her boson. ''111 bravely work out the , year's sentence, and, when I come out, at I'll do as you've long begged of me-I'll turn honest, and work for you and the little one with these arms like agood man. Keep away from the major and a the miserable band yeu've been herding a with. Don't let them hunt you down, as b doubtless they'll try to do, and I'll make it sunny and good for you when I come 1 out.' '!'Bless you for those words,Pat,' mur imured the poor thing in reply. 'Little Dennis shall grow up an honest man, after r all. Good-by--good-by!' "And, with a weeping embrace, he was off for prison, while she slipped quietly out of the court and disappeared. "But the infernal major pursued the wife as remorselessly ashe had betrayodthe husband. Acting under his secret orders, the gang shunned, hounded and mal- 1 treated her, and finally turned her out of the wretched Five Points rookery which she had occupied with a number of them. "She was without money and reputation, miserably sick, and the weather was snowy and cold. Nevertheless, she made a hard fight for it, occupying any shelter that she coulr beg, day after day, and night after night, and seeking ceaselessly, persistently,to obtain honest employment. "But it was all in vain. She had no character, by way of recommendation, to start with, so the major and his creatures gave her one. At every shop, store, fac tory, or household that she applied to for work, it was but to find herself forestalled by information, secretly supplied, con cerning her criminal antecedents, which effectually set to naught her claims and supplications. "At last she was desperate, hopeless, without a friend and without a home, and in this pitiable plight was found one even I ing crouching under one of the high stoops .t in the neighbourhood of the Central Park .s by a policeman, who gruffly ordered her e away, and advised her to seek a night's lodging at the nearest station house. "But she gave no heed to his advice perhaps being half-crazed with her suffer ings-but wrapped her baby still more 1 tightly under her poor thin shawl, limped i away through the fast falling snow, and I entered the park. "Out in the snow,under the bare trees, T in among the leafless, rustling shrubs, r away up through the hillocks, did she 11 wander in the lifeless, deserted park, 1i which then must have seemed a d wilderness, indeed, but more acceptable, more inviting, than the peopled but t1 heartless streets, from which she fared, li with the hunger in her body and despair- m ing misery in her soul. a, "No one could interfere with her there, u! hunt her down, or bid her to move on, or laugh at her, or taunt her with her past do wickedness and present friendlessness. or "Faster and faster fell the blinding snow, but it seemed to touch the earthl softly m and tenderly, affording her the covering tii and shelter that humanity had refused. co "It was bitter cold, and she tore her w shawl into strips to more thoroughly wrap n, up her child, while rendering her own fo: poor shoulders defenceless to the shiver- au ing winds. re "Then she huddled closely againsta rock, tl to keep off the drift, and cuddled up sy about the child as near as she could creep. wl And then, after the storm had slackened, in the moon came out and looked pityingly ga on the forlorn pair. " The drift whirled faster and faster on them to complete its work, and then ai H last poor Jenny, the world's forsaken cit waif, fell asleep for ever under the soft, wr white mantle of the snow, which like in Charity, covers each year [such multi- ex tudes of sin. of " The park policeman found her on the a 1 following morning, at a spot about two pli hundred yards north of the seventh tir avenue entrance, frozen stiff. No stone wl over marked her grave, and a four line tu paragraph, with side heading, " Unknown bu Woman Found Dead in Central Park," or, was the only notice taken of her death. tw "The child was found still alive and ter moving on the pulseless bosom that would of nourish it no more, but it also died on on the third day thereafter from the effects of the exposure, and that was the last of otl them. ba " Scarcely a week after this event,IHarn den was set at liberty, and it chanced ye that I was the first acquaintance he met en upon his return to the city. I should an have mentioned that I had known him th from his boyhood, had deplored his evil mi courses, rejoiced in his promised reform, and was now anxious that he should not th be tempted to go back upon, his good re- fo, solutions, while I dreaded the effect that br would be produced upon him by the news ti, of his wife's and baby's pitiful death, of which I was certain he was yet totally G ignorant. "My own duties had taken me away from the city during the greater part of his im prisonment, or I should certainly have endeavoured to in some measure befriend the poor creature, the particulars of whose bt miserable fate, as I have just described to sall you, I had only myself learned a day or ch two before thus meeting him at the depot th upon his return from prison. . pl "As soon as Harnden stepped from the pl train and saw me he grasped my hand and -at dragged me into a neighbouring ptiblic- ro house where we entered a private room. in " You see me return to the world a su changed man, McArdle, and I trust' with some years of happiness in store'for me," lie said, and I noticed that he was look ing capitally, with a clear manful light in his dark eyes. "But tell me quickly- a where and how is Jenny 1" I felt myself growing pale, and could' make no immediate answer. B "Speak ! Jenny and the child-how to are they both, and how have they both bh fought through it all 1" lihe repeated with er growing disturbance. "Man alive ! why t do you turn your face away?". "Have you heard nothing of them ?" I stammerred, stupidly wishing to delay the shock. at " How the the deuce should I, when I tl: am not two hours out of the belt and bar? in Tell me quickly ! She is not ill, is she ?" p" "No, not ill-that's certain. But you li will probably learn something of their o0 fate elsewhere." 0m "Fate !" he echoed, in a broken voice, gi and then suddenly grasped me by the at collar; " tell me all, and this instant I" t< hp cried, hoarsely. " Do it, or I'll to throttle you in your tracks.". It "Try to bear up, Pat," I muttered, holding him off, and trying to soothe him. " I'd sooner take a stretch in gaol myself ti than break the news to you. Both Jenny r, and your child are dead, Pat." " Dead 1" hlie yelled-" dead i dead 1" The two last words came out in horri fied, bewildering gasps, and he staggered to his feet, his back against the wall, as white as a ghost. "Yes," I explained hurriedly. "I was out of town the whole winter, and I only learned the particulars a day or two ago. The gang, in obedience to the major's orders, first turned her into the street, and then hunted her from place to place, so that she could not procure em ployment." "And then,while he stoodthere gasping i and glaring at me, I gave him thb whole I sad and bitter story, much as you had'it, c but more in detail. "Oh, the fiends I the demons i" he at r last moaned, beginning to wring his hands, I but without a tear upon his white, Ihorror- c wrinkled face. "And you, McArdle-even you did I not lift a hand to save her." "By heaven, Harndon ?" I cried, "had Ibeen in the city and known your wife was in trouble or in want, I'd have lost my arm at the shoulder blade sooner 1 I than let her perish. It was no fault of mine." "Oh, it matters not," cried the poor, bereaved follow, suddenly towering before me, with blazing eyes and cloudy brows, like an avenger of old. " At last, I am alone-alone in the world, with every Shope, every tender feeling blasted. They have killed my wife among them, Mac my own Jenny, that was all the world to r me-and my little child, that was as \- innocent as the angels in heaven. Oh, " had they no mercy 1 Could they not have Sspared them and let me suffer Listen o to me, Mac, and what I am about to 0 solemnly swear before high heaven. I'll Shave life for life, hunting for hunting, \- sleuth-hounding for sleuth- hounding, so Srmay the God. of justice and of vengeance d help me in my hour of bitter need I I Sswear, by all that is sacred, to live but h for one object-to tear the mask of mystery Id from the major's face, and to hunt him off the face of earth ! And not him alone, Is, but all of them-all, all, all! Not a ad villain shall escape, male or female. Every n- one of the accursed Silver Gang-every mother's thief of them-shall feel a thief's k power, a thief's vengeance'! I constitute r myself their Nemesis, to hunt and hound s them down for ever more 1" Harnden fairly shrieked forth those wild, threatening words, after which he staggered into the chair again, breathing so hard and looking so white that I hastened into the adjoining saloon to procure .him some refreshments, fearing that he would faint. But whenI returned he had partly recovered, and gently but firmly refused the glass of stimulant I proffered him and the former indulgence in which had not a little to do with his swift descent amid crime and sin. I may conclude my slketch by saying that lie has never touched a drop of liquor since, and he fulfilled the require ments of his terrible oath, wild and fitful as they seemed at the moment of their utterance, to the very letter. " He turned detective, then, and hunted down the members of the gang, one by one i" " Yes, or in pairs or groups," replied my narrator, " Of course, it was some time, owing to his antecedents, before he could be entrusted with regular detective work. But it was not long before he made himself equally admirdd by the force and feared by the thieves, in an auxiliary capacity, and when he Was regularly commissioned as a detective, the cold blooded, patient, relentless and systematic tenacity and persistence with which he began to hunt down, entrap, inveigle and pick off the members of that gang, was a caution." "And the major !" "Why, he was the fourth or fifth that Harnden disposed of, by a strange and ex citing stratagem, an account of which would make a capital sensational story in itself. His arrest, unmasking and exposure was one of the newspaper hits of three years ago. He turned out to be a big gun named Monteith, who, while planning robberies iu secret for a long time had been living in the best hotels, which probably afforded him ample oppor tunities for concocting the long series .of burglaries which he planned for his sub ordinates to execute. Be was sent up for twenty years, chiefly upon Elarnden's testimony, and died miserably in prison of pneumonia, contracted in the quarries, only a short time ago." "And the two thieves convicted the other day were, then, the last of these banded criminals." " Yes; Harnden had only been five years in pursuing the gang, often at the eminent risk of his :life, and numerous and powerful as they were, not one of them remains to-day to curse our com munity. Either dead, fugitive, or within prison walls, they have all disappeared, thanks to the piteous event that trans formed a thief into an honest man, and brought about the making of the "Detee. tive's Oath." r .. . .. .. . 