The Red Spectres of Europe. THE sympathies and prejudices of race are as deep as the instincts of humanity, and as lasting as time. Never were they more potent than they are in Europe to-day. They govern the policy of rulers, and shape the destiny of uations. The Teuton, the Anglo- Saxon, and the Scandinavian are harmonious, for they are allied by blood, but between them and the. Celt, the Magyar, the Slav, and the Turk there i» a slender bond of international union likely at any time to be broken. It is an unfortunate cause of trouble that the same country is so often peopled by many different races. England has a large and unquiet Celtic element in her population. Ger many has several million Slavs ; while the popu* lation of Austria is composed of many races, of which the German, Magyar, and Slar are the preponderating forces. Germany and Austria are the only natural allies on the Continent of Europe, and they are likely to ! hold together no matter how other Continental nations are separated in feeling or united in action. Their territory divides Europe by a broad band from eea to sea, and is able to inter* pose an impassable barrier to the powers lying to the east and west. The Slav is the red spectre which at present affrights Europe. The Slavonian relation.hip is numerous, and extends from Russia, through Germany and Austria, into Turkey. There are 80,000,000 of the three branches of the race, of which number about 50,000,000 are in Russia, 16,500,000 in Austro-Hungary, and 8,500,000 in Turkey. The Russians are the dominant branch, and Panslavism—that is, the uniting of the Slavonian people under one Government —has long been a dream of the Musoovite. It is easy to see that ere such a dream could be realised a remodelling of the map of Europe would be necessary, which would be almost as radical and thorough as that made by Napoleon Bonaparte. Nearly half the population of A us tria would pass under Russian rule, and the limits of Russia would be extended so far be* yond the Danube as to include Servia, Bulgaria, and Montenegro—that is, nearly the whole of Turkey in k urope. It i* not surprising that, with 46 per cent of the people Slavic by blood and semi-Russian in sympathy, Austria should be jealous of her eastern neighbour, and should desire more an alliance with the b mperor Wil liam than with the Czar in the impending trouble with Turkey. An additional danger would have accrued to Austria had Russia been permitted to superintend the autonomous settlement of Servia, Roumania, and Bulgaria, as at first contemplated by the treaty of San Stefano, It is Austria's jealousy of Russia, and Ger many's inclinations toward the Austrian allianoe, together with Gladstone's natural antipathy to the Hapsburgs, that has thrown England and Russia into one another's arms in the settlement of the Eastern question. England has hitherto looked on Russia as an enemy only besause she was on the flank of all her routes to India, and her forces in Central Asia seemed dangerously near to that wealthy dependency. The ghost of Russian conquest wot conjured up by the Tories, and is likely to be laid by the Liberals. Glad atone has no fear if the Czir, and were the other great Powers unwilling to use force in compelling Turkey to cede the territory specified at Berlin to Greece and Montenegro, would be quite ready to compel the cession with Russia's aid alone, and then to permit the dismemberment of the Turkish Empire, giving to Russia the freedom of the Dardanelles, and such portion of Asia Minor m might seem equitable, or for the good of the subject peoples. The Anglo-Baxon dou not dread the 81»y, nor would the greater part of the English people regret to see Turkey anni hilated and Austria divided according to the races of which its population is composed, so that the borders of civil and religious freedom were enlarged. Meanwhile the Turkish dim culty proceeds slowly towards adjustment, Glad stone's ill health somewhat impeding negotia tions. Albania continues obstinate, the Porte acts with more or leas deceit, and the whole affair, whether regarded from the standpoint of the people occupying the territory in dispute, or from that of the nations which are adjudicating and acting theoretically in concert, the situation is fraught with peril to the peace of Europe, and inconvenience to the whole world.— S. F. Bulletin. The Vienna special correspondent of the Ade laide Obierver writes:—"No German paper would now repeat Bismarok'a famous remark of three years ago : that the Eastern question was not worth a broken bone of a single Pomeranian. His recent action indicates that in certain eventualities he would break a good many Pomeranian bones ia the vicinity of the Bosphorus. He has come to the front of the stage where formerly he grinned and chuckled to himself in the background. In common with many other interested students of his movements, I have of late frequently aaked men of special information why he should have faoed round with such apparent abruptness. They have been pretty well agreed as to the answer. He considers that the formidable Slav question is now almost ripe. To him, as to all far- seeing statesmen, it is the kernel of the Eastern question. It is the Slav who threatens the Turk, who menaces Austria, which is only another Turkey, but a Christian instead of a Mohammedan one. With the harem and the Koran the days of the Austrian Empire would also be numbered. This same Slav is becoming also a danger to Germany through a possible combination with France. Hitherto Bismarck has strategically poohpoohed and deprecated the Slav because he did not feel prepared to grapple with him. He was very friendly with Austria, you re member, so longas he doubted Prussia's strength to thrust her out of the German Confederation. He was the bestof friends with the late Emperor of the French until Yon Moltke whispered to him that he would be responsible for holding the Rhine. Again and again the German army has been re organised for a fresh undertaking, and German diplomacy has amused the intended victim until the moment arrived to strike home. After the Danish campaign it was reorganised for an inevitable campaign against Austria. After 1866 it was reorganised and adapted for a life-and death oonflict with Franoe. Since 1870 it has bee* a third time reorganised. I will not say positively against whom, but from the magni tude of the preparations whioh have been made, and are ■till making, it can be no mean enemy.' 