C|e Mibtri.nt Jferafo Echooa, Moaita and Kerano Advertiser. (PUBLISHED DAILY.) Echdca, Tuesday, August 31, 1880. We may be allowed to • suggest to the individuals in Melbourne and Echuca who are making themselves so extremely busy over the anticipated new election for Rodney, that they are just a little premature. The case is one to which the well worn advice of Mrs. G-lass in her. recipe for cooking a hare is [applicable. "First catch your hare." The Rodney hare is not yet caught and the elaborate preparations which are being made by the Melbourne Reform Leaguers and their Echuca agent for its cooking and dishing lip may after all prove to have been entirely wasted. It is all very well to select candidates for the vacant seats, but suppose after all there should be no vacant seats. The Leaguers appear to imagine that because three years ago a Rodney election was the subject of one of the worst acts of illogical injustice ever perpetrated, something of the same kind is bound to occur again. But this does not at all follow. On the contrary, the constitution of the Elections aud Qualifi cations Committee justifies the expecti t on that that body will decide upon the matters submitted to it in a spirit of fairness and will not use its powers for the mere purpose of strengthening either of the political parties. If this expecta tion is realised what prospect is there of the election for Rodney being declared uull and void ? Upon the merits of the case it is difficult to say how anything can be said in favor of the petitioner. If words mean anj thing he was clearly dis qualified and if a poll had been taken and he had been declared elected he would have been unseated. The words of the 71st section of the Electoral Act admit of only one interpretation. They provide that "110 person who shall have been returning officer for any district and who shall not have resigned his office at least fourteen days before the day of nomination shall be a candidate, or be elected, or be, or continue a member for such district." Nothing could be more distinct or em phatic than this proviso. Mr. Crowle himself admits in his petition that up to the 30th June last he was re turning officer for the district of Rodney. The day of nomination was tho 7th July and by no arithmetical process that we are aware of can it be demonstx-ated that there are fourteen days between the 30th June and the 7th July of the same year. There is no dispute at all about the fact3, and the facts point to only one conclusion, viz., that Mr. Crowle was not eligible as a candidate, and could not have retained his seat if he had been elected. His con tention is, however, that the returning officer had no right to take cognisance of his disqualification, but should have put the country to the expense of a poll, leav ing anyone who might feel aggrieved to resort to such remedies as tbe law pro vides. A returning officer's functions, we are learnedly informed, are ministerial, not judicial, and Mr. Crowle's friends point with much gratification to a decision given by the Supreme Court, a fortnight ago, uuder the Local Government Act. In this case a returning officer had accepted a nomination paper bearing more than the requisite number of names, but it was alleged that of these only nine, or one less tlian the requisite number, were those of parties qualified to sign it. The Court held that as Iho nomination was prima facie valid, it was not for the returning officer to go into the question of the signa tures, but to proceed with the election. This is no new decision. The point was settled more than a dozen yetu's ago, and it is impossible to believe that Mr. Wyatt, the returning officer for Rodney, a barris ter of standing, whose name is so inti mately associated with the preparation of the most valuable collection of lftw reports the colony possesses, should not have been fully aware of it. Nobody disputes that the \ functions of a returning officer are ministerial and not judicial, and in rejecting Mr. Crowle's nomination, Mr. Wyatt acted only ministerially. The law which he was administering told him that a certain condition disqualified a man, not merely from holding his seat as a member, with which lie would hive had nothing whatever to do, bat froni becoming a can didate. It Veas within his knowledge that Mr. Crowle was subject to that condition, aud he would have been guilty of mis feasance if he had recognised the nomi nation as valid. Of what avail would it be to provide that a person under certain . circumstances shall be dis qualified froni being a candidate, if tlia onlv authority which has to daal with, such candidature is to be debarred froni taking notice of the disqualification? This is a matter with which the Elections i^nd (Qualifications Committee cannot deal, i That body can decide that a member who has been declared elected is not entitled to ret Jn his seat, but how can it stop a person from being a candidate after the election is o -er 1 It is the function of the return ing officer to determine who are properly candidates just as it is the function of the Committee to determine who are properly members. Tlie first is a ministerial func tion in the discharge of which none but ab solute and indisputable facts are entitled to consideration ; the second is a judicial function which involves the interpretation of the law, and a decision upon disputed testimony. We have no desire to go fully into the case. We are quite prepared to leave it to be dealt with by the Committee, and we should not have referred to it at all if there was not a very evident design on the part of certain individuals to maki1 it appear that Mr. Crowle has suffered some injustice which the Elections and Qualifications Committee is under an obligation to set right. There has been nothing at all approaching to injustice. If Mr. Crowle had desired to become a candidate for Rodney he might have resigned his official position on the 23rd of June. He did Dot do so. It was only when ho was most righteously dismissed on the 30th June that the thought occurred to him of becoming a candidate in opposition to the Government, and he was evidently so ignoraut of the law that he was not aware of his disqualification. The equities of the case are as strongly against him as is the law, and we shall be greatly astonished if his petition is not dismissed is frivolous and vexatious. The liCHDCA County Court.—The ad journed sitting of this Court was resumed yesterday, before His Honor Judge Trench. Tlie list of causes was not a heavy one, but such was the provixits of the proceedings, that but;' two were disposed of, although the Court did not rise till after GVclock. The causes heard were Humphries v. Lucardl ; claim for £G 10s. damages to a bugsy, i>> which a verdict was given for £5, with cost amounting to over £10; the other was Cleland and Little v. Lonargan and Bauld, £26, the value of a horse alleged to have died through the ill- treatment of defendants After a moat exhaustive hearing, His Honor gave a verdict for £5, which had been paid into Court for the hiring of the buggy and horses, but inasmuch as the horse had not sustained any injury at the hands of defendants, he mulced the plaintiff in costs £10 14:3. Gd. The Court then adjourned till this morning at 10 o'clock. The Temoiu Rush.—A. gentleman in Eijhuca has received a letter from a former resident of this town, a miuer of 14 years' standing, which gives many it-jms of interest in connection with the new rnsh. The letter has been courteously handed to us for publication. It is dated August 22nd, ana runs as follows :—" According to promise 1 send you a few lines to give you an opinion of this place, which, I am sorry to say, is not very encouraging. In the first place it never will support such a population as is here at present. The extent of the workings is confined to a couple of patches, which the miners are trying to trace into a lead, but as yet without success. A great many of the claims reported as good have been abandoned, with from 80 to 150 'tons of washdirc at Linias, but, owing to there being no water the owners were afraid to risk any tuorr time or labor in sinking. The sinking is very good—for some distance being throu.'h a light, loamy soil, the rest of the strata being more or less intermixed with clay, until near the bottom, when a very stiff bine clay (impregnated with a little gravel) is met with, and this is the washdirt. I reckon it will take from 300 to 400 gallons of water to wash a load of dirt. There is a great diffi culty in tracing the lead heiv, which does not exist in Victoria, as the country is so flat. The claims are large, nearly all being held in blocks 300ft. square, and worked by parties of six. There are thousands of men waiting for one shaft going down. I have nodoubt there will bo a lit of gold gothere and in tho vicinity, hut the place will not stand a big rush, as the ground is only in patches. In t;me thegoldfield maysupport a few thousands. I have every confidence of payable quartz being discovered about here, as the alluvial gold, so far as I have seen yet, seems all to be quartz ^old of the honeycomb style. There is a reef about eight miles from here which has been worked to a depth of 110ft., with good results. I paid it a visit yesterday and in my rambles came across three parties, containing six men each, who were prospect ing for alluvial in that loc.il ty, but with no success as vet. There are parties out prospect ing in all directions but so far not a ghost of a spock has been discovered. Tetnora is situated 30 miles from Cootaraundra, 35 miles from .Tunee, and 75 miles from Naran dera (the latter dist.nice I ca>i vouch for, as T walked it). I cmuot see how the'y can bring water from the Murruinbidgee. I never saw such a rush of business people in all my days, and some of them must go the wall, as the diggers are leaving by hundreds. In fact, half of the population is compos'd of business people, and rogues and thieves frorn all portions of the colonies, and I think we have got nearly all the blackguards in the colonies. As for myself, I have seen no chance of doing anything yet, but I intend to stop for a week or two to see if anything is struck, or if rain comes. Without water it will be impossible to do much here. AH the nugget3 reported have been obtained in two claims. Over 200 ounces had been taken out of one oE them up to last week. The rush is all over, and I think there are from 35 to 40 payable shafts. There are a gre.it many more being worked, but whether they will prove payable or not remains to bo demonstrated. The quartz claim which wa3 the cause of the rush is very poor and will never pay unless machinery is erected on the ground. * * * * * Horses are quite unsaleable here, there are such a number of them. The poor animals are starving. Oaca are 8s per bushel, chaff £14 to £17 per ton, water 3d per bucket, other provisions reasonable,'j 