TTEW KOTTTH WALES. Srdnev. June 8. The steam collier Woniora, ran on ?- aind beach at Bondi Bay, ft few miles Math of Fort Jackson Heads, laat night. She remained MailisttPA will H m wm aaltjkn aKa «?»« 4aiw^^9 aAF n-t_ sjured, having jettisoned a hundred tons of :oal. A fire occurred at the stable of H*rken*» Criterion Hotel, Moruya, yesterday, and two nail horses were destroyed. The fire ia sup weed to have been the act of au inoendlary. The steamer Orient sailed to-day for London, irith a large number of passengers. Her cargo includes SS2 bales wool, 8,000 ingota tin, 30,000 iBgots copper, 1,571 cakes copper, and 2,600 cases meat. Trickett leaves for England on Thursday over Land, so as to catch the Orient at Melbourne. The weather is very bleak aud dull. Great excitement has existed all day ia the Hunter District as to the result of the ballot of miners on tbe question of accepting or refusing the new iliding-scale. The returns to hand at present show a rejection of the agreement to b# almost certain, the adverse votes of the Wallaend and co-operative miner* having swamped the votes in favour of its acceptance. It ia stated that the Company will offer no further conoeaaion, and that the AA. Company are determined to work their mine with hands outside the Union, even if they have to hire them as day labourers. Sydney, June 8, 11.10 p.m. Tbe result of the coal miners' ballot in the Hunter District has created surprise, as it wu fully expected at Newcastle that the miners would have accepted the scheme. The A.A. Company, haviBg withdrawn from the ranks of the associated collieries, i* apparently miking preparations to resume work at once, and to-day the Superintendent sent for and had *n inter view with a deputation of the former workmen. He made a proposal to them with the object of their resuming work, and the miners give a definite answer to-morrow. There is bat little doubt entertained that the men will accept th« proposal made, and in thia case work will be resumed aa usual without delay. The Tumnt police last night arrested a man who is suspected to be Joseph Byrnes, the bush ranger. They have watched him along time. A blacksmith at Tumu-i named Collins, who knew Byrnes when a groom ia Victoria and brought horses to him frequently to be shod, pointed him out amid a group in the Boyal Hotel billiard-room. He says if it is not Byrnes it must be his ghost. The prisoner is remanded fo: farther identification. Sydney, June 9, 12.20 a.m. Io the Assembly Mr. Barbour moved the adjournment of the House in order to urge the Government to withdraw from sale the large quantity of Grown lands advertised to ba dis posed of by auction to-day at a pound an acre. After the discussion had terminated the Government declined to accede to the request. Mr. Cameron moved the followed resolution: — 'That the Govern ment should bring in a Bill to stop Chinese immigration' — but withdrew it on the state ment made by the Premier that he waa in com munication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. Tbe GouecU sat last night, bat the business was not important. Mr. Arthur Sketchlcy commenced a series of entertainments at the School of Arts last night. The attendance was fair. 