AMUSEMENTS IN INDIA. CALCUTTA, JAK. 12. Dear Sir,-A few lines from these parts may possibly prove interesting to many of yoar readers. People in this empire are now beginning to look to Australia more than to England to provide them with amusements. We have had several companies and shows from your parts, and all have, as a rale, done very welL At this present we have the Royal Marionettes, manipulated by Messrs. Charles Webb and Trotter, showing at the Theatre Comique, erected by Mr. H. ft. Har wood, the proprietor, on the Maidan. It is spoken of as a most appropriate building, lined throughout with parti-coloured cloth, &c.;" The present programme consists of " The Babes in the Wood," and the panto mime " Little Red Riding Hood." The per formance in the evenings commences at 9. Mr. Harwood appears well satisfied with his business. At the Theatre Royal, Chowringee, Mr. Dave Carson's variety troupe is giving en tertainments. The company consists of Mrs. Carson, Miss Lizzie Wilson, and the sisters Hedderwick, Messrs. Dave Carson. Howard Oakley, F. Ferrani, J. B. Ferrell, Moore and Drew (song and dance men), J. Merrilees, Tom Moore, J. Arthur, Signor Franchelli, and Colonel and Miss Julie Austin, the famous ride shots. At the old Corinthian Theatre, the Stewart family are in the last week of their Calcutta season, the attraction being the production of Mr. Garnet Walch's entertainment of " If, or an Old Gem Reset." Miss Nellie Stewart's first and only benefit is underlined for Thursday gaext. I must say Nellie is a very handsome youn^ woman, and a good actress into the bargain. I should not wonder bat she will have a crowded house. From here they go to Bombay. It never rains but it pours; we have, therefore, in addition to the above amusements, Wilson's Great World . Circus, also on the Maidan. The Kennedy " Songs of Scotland Company" have also been here for some time, bat have now gone to England foratrip. I may,, mention that in the early t>ttt of their season Hie " Stewart Augmented. Troupe," i during the late Christmas holidays, gave a grand Christmas extravaganza.by, Mr. Garnet Walcb,entitled Binnacle," an originalburie8qneon"H.M.S. Pinafore/' with scenery by Mr. M. Freyberser^ apt pld Mel bourne scenic artist. The chaucterswsrethus distributed-Sir Jenkyn Eeddet, K.UMJG.. and A8B. Admihtl of thfe Wnitey^Btowni Ifr. R. Stewart; 1 Captain BannUhW,, «fn H.M.6,! Bhmiisle,' Mr.: fi. Stewart,'> jwbiUcr Bill Bullseye, unable seanmn, air. A. Wilson Snow; Jack Jock Straw.Al, MiBB Nellie' Stewart; Clementina, the Captain's daughter, MiBB Docy Stewart; Little Daffodil, Miss Maggie Stewart; Midshipman Easy, a British officer, Master B. Collins: Aunt Phtebe, a cousin's mother. Miss Lulu de Haven; An Indian Chorus of On'e, Miss Annie Lyons.' Aa' a new chum here I most candidly confess that I don't like Calcutta.* The description a friend' of mine gives is one I entirely endoj , r--' Auaiuoudu Amw9t8 * think, while lying quietly' in bed beneath' the inevitable mosquito net, if they wert to' see gazing at them intently from the' ceiling, a long green lizard and a centi pede challenging _ each other to mortal' combat 2 The centipede loses his- hold, drops dOTm on the net, and whips under the bed. Looking npon. the floor, the attention is1 called to a dozen or two of ? insects playing at"' lawn tennis, when in steps a large rat and devours this whilom garden party. In the early morn crows and small birds, pursued by their arch enemy the kite, fly in at one window, and exit from another. At night, in the middle of the principal streets, the festive jackals hold hifg carnival, and eprit squalls, and run tne discordant gamut,, giving forth sounds as of an amateur opera, company at rehearsal, or the first attempt of a juvenile trombone player." Another matter,, and of dramatic interest, which has excitea the public attention for some time past, ia - the Parsee Dramatic and Opera Company. In company with one or two gentlemen well known in theatre circles in Melbourne I visited the Theatre Royal here, where the ParBees were playing. Theae people are a superior caste of Indians-really not IndianB, but driven by the Mohammedans from their native country, Persia. The opera or play we witnessed wag that of " Aladdin," as originally produced in Persia. The orchestra embodies a one Btringed fiddle and a tom-tom, performed upon by two half-naked Mohammedans, who . Bit tailor fashion in the second entrance, and if noise is to be accepted as a sample of their muaicalability, they soar above criticism. The singing is all done through the nose, a drawling^ whine like that of some of the sisters afe a . real American camp meeting. The expres sion of some of their faces in what was sup posed to be the comedy scenes was like that of a man impressed with funereal gloom, or a> low- salaried actor when the " ghost" walketh not. One entire scene/was represented with no person on the stage, and the curtain dropped . at half-past 2 in the morning, whan the de lighted Parsee audience dispersed^ to -their ? homes. Some time back thiB unique com pany was located in the National: Theatre, and was a genuine adaptation of European modes to native dramatic literature. The - theatre was held in the great court of a native house in Chutpore-road, the principal street of the native town of Calcutta. On one side was the stage, opposite to the shrine generally devoted to the family idol; above a canvas roof shut out the heavens. The orchestra of native sitars, violins, and tom toms sat below the stage, and the night I was a visitor very few Englishmen and ladies were present. The play was entitled. " Nasoa Boopea, or Nine Hundred Rupees." It ia directed against the evil marriage customs of the Hindoos, especially that which allows them to sell their daughters - through marriage brokers, known as Gha tuks.' The actors were amateurs then, the female characters done by men, and the bride on this occasion happened to be old, very ugly, and dressed with a front and curls such as no Hindoo lady ever wears. With this exception, the piece was fairly played. The theatre was then controlled by three directors, two secretaries, a " motion master," a stage manager, a dresser, and a prompter. All. masters, seemingly, and no men. BOMBAY, JAN. 26. Although not so lively as onr friends in Calcutta in reference to amusements, still we have enough in quality and variety to appease our appetites. On Saturday night last the clever Stewart family renewed their acquaint ance with us, and reappeared in the enter tainment " If." The Grant-road Theatre was crowded. Mr. Stewart has to fight against a very strong opposition-the dramatic and musical company at the Gaiety Theatre, of which place Mr. C. S. Naor iB proprietor. On Saturday night last their programme con sisted of Mr. w. S. Gilbert's pretty comedy "Sweethearts," and Gilbert and Sullivan's cantata " Trial by Jury." Amongst the com pany are the names of Miss Edith Wil son, Miss Madge Antoinette, Misa Minnie Hampden, and Misa Agnes Birchenough, Messrs. J. S. Hewitt, A. B. Tapping, C. Cartright, A. J. Levy (musical director), and. H. R. Teesdale (leading man and stage manager). Another troupe has only just'left ns for the interior- Washington Norton -and Professor Hennicke, Ben Allah, and Madame - Stella, the entranced lady. Dave Carson and nis party intend paying us another visit, prior to their extended tour through Barman, China, and Japan. A word to modern magicians. As the Mohammedan can never be "hadjjis" until after performing his pilgrimage to Mecca, neither can one modem magicians become perfect in their art until they have visited this country oc Ceylon to see the clever manipulation of the native conjurors. They perform the most marvellouB things in the streets, hotel cor ridors, and on vessels' decks-the basket trick and the growth of the mango tree are two of their commonest tricks. Tbey are an - astute race of beings, whoBe customs are not easily understood. BOMBAY, FEB. 14. After a little more than a fortnight's non-paying business at the Grant-road Theatre here, the Stewart Operetta Combi nation came to an end, and became a tiling of the past. The business throughout their cutta, was too much to allow them to amass money. I believe, indeed, that Mr. Stewart lost considerably. After fulfilling all his en gagements he determined on a visit to Europe, taking with him his family and connexions Mrs. Stewart, Mr. and Mrs Collins (Moss Docy Stewart), and thelittle Collinses, Misses Maggie, Nelly, and Mr, R. Stewart, junior. They steamecl- from Bombay for Venice in. the steamer Khivaon; th? 7thFebruary, and would arrive there early next month. It was then their intention to make a short conti nental tour «re they left for London, in which city Mr. Stewart alma at making a fresh professional atartfor the whole team. ["Theatrical Notices" will be foupd on page 886.] ^ Mr. Candler, thb district coroner, r irianttVftriSjLturday at Healesville.af bo^ of'Ettiier Gilyard, 48 wifoofAnthony died fwmwifrpoi^wJoffjWsof 