THE THEATRES, Etc. By "Adagio." Miss Eisa May's first change of character was made at the Opera-house on Friday night, when she appeared as the Grand Duchess. She did not increase her reputation by this impersonation, as, unfortunately, the whole of the music except the "Drinking Song " at the Jinale (for which she was encored) is set too low. for her voice. The consciousness of her non-success affected her acting, which became stiff and constrained, scarcely a trace of the histrionic ability she displayed in " Satanella " being visible. Mr. Farley's General Boom was noticeable for the return of the old power and comic force which formerly distinguished it. Mr. Vernon, who has not been heard on the boards of this city for some years, re-appeared as Fritz, and gave a creditable rendering, the music suiting his high baritone voice very well. Miss Lambert's Prince Paul was good, although I mast reiterate an old objection we took to this character being played by a lady. It is one which essentially requires an assumption of effeminacy, vanity, and silliness, but it . must be interpreted by a man to impart the proper effect. It was announced that the version of the opera as given at the "Parisiens" would be produced. If it were, I prefer the old one, aB Nepompe and Baron Puck simply indulge in a rough description of horseplay, having in it ho element of wit .or fun. To-night (Saturday) a new aspirant for lyric honours, Miss Helen Gordon, will make her debut as Maritana. _ "In connection with the fntqre prospect of opera in this city, I may mention that Mr. i George Musgrove (Mr. W» S. Lyster's nephew) has taken his departure for London by the Orient steamer Sorata to engage an entirely new opera bouffe company. He is instructed to procure new principals, new leading chorus people, new wardrobe, and the latest operas, and to return in time for the Exhibition season. The edition in miniature of "Pinafore" at the Bijou Theatre has taken an extraordinary hold of public favour. Night after night the house is filled to the doors, the ingenuity of jbhe management in contriving additional sitting accommodation being completely ex hausted, without keeping pace with the demand. Seats are regularly booked, as in London, a week in advance, and the con tinuous peals of laughter which greet the children who play the leading characters show how greatly the audiences, are pleased with their performances. Not without reason either, for the little folk imitate the airs: and manners of their grown-up . prede cessors with most amusing fidelity. The presence of Mrs. G. B. . W. Lewis, who, through the. continued illness of her little sop, still plays the part of Captain Cor coran, renders the opera still more amusing, for Mrs, Lewis is a buxom lady, and the happy possessor of what i£ commonly known as a " fine figure." The ridiculous contrast therefore between her and the mites she has trained up so carefully is the more striking, as the Admiral, a tiny genius of seven, and Josephine, another of mine, look like pigmies beside a giantess. There was another large attendance at the People's Theatre on Saturday night to wit ness the change of programme by the Mam moth Minstrels and lioftusTnoupejOach item seeming to he much enjoyed. The " Salon d'Ethiope" was undoubtedly -the . best yet given by this company of minstrels. Mr. Braham'e baliadj " Wake us atdawn, "which -was sung with an effective banjl accompani- fment, was deservedly and loudly cheered, as wasMr. Hawkins's song " Mother! with the angels," in which his voice washeard/to ad vantage. The quartet, " CrowiSCd the tempest," by Messrs. Amery, Brah&hCaiflp-; bell, and Hawkiiis, was also well' song. The sketches.given were entitled " A Woman of Few- Words," " Stratagem/' and " Ova? the Waff," hach of which evoked much laughter. Tl triple silver statue clog dance of Messrs. Waters, Rickey, and Kelly was undoubtedly the best performance of its sort that has been gWen on the Melbourne stage The simul- taneous variety of attitude peVormedrby each member s exceedingly clever , and re ceived weU-deserved , applause. ; : The aeimf programme has been given aR fbewtee Iraq attendances iprong how very muoSi 1 tms fsort bf4 entertainment i& hnjoyed by b l: large sectibh of thea!re gderSi: - " For Life, or the Foster Brothers/'a drama said to be Slnstrative of Australian Ujfe, r and written expressly by Mr' Wybart Reeve for Mr. Grattan Biggs, was produced at' the ' Theatre Royal on 'Saturday night before a large Audience. Hlcouldsay that Mr. Reeve ishappy in this, his latest effort, I should be glad to do so, bearing in mind the merits of some of his adaptations ; but, un fortunately, " For Life " is not only the weakest play hb has produced, but it is one of the weakest of its type I have seen for many years. There is little plot discoverable, and -that little ishonsensical. There are a series of irrelevant incidents built up. for no' reason, and having , no reason in them. Those in the first act have no connection with the second, the Situations in the third have nothing whatever to do with the others, and if the play seene from ' Hamlet," or a bit of "Box and Gox" had made up the fourth, the sequence of; " For Life" wonld have been in no- wise interfered with. The piece, with its sensation scenes; unnatural though these latter are, was vocife rously applauded by the pit and gallery; indeed; it apparently hit the taste of the cus tomary Royal audiences to a nicety. The piece, however, was not a success, and it has been withdrawn. Professor Pepper's art and scientific enter tainment still continues to draw good and ap preciative audiences to St. George's-hall. A new programme was presented on Saturday evening, and one that has been well patronised during the week. The ghost business pleased those who had not witnessed the Professor's illusions before immensely. The exhibition of ancient and modern statuary wasalso very well received. Mr. James Brown presided at .the piano, and gave a number of selections of music. The third ladies' night of the Musical Artists' Society, held at the Athenaeum-hall on Saturday, was, despite inclement weather, largely attended. The programme for the occassion was entirely from the works of Beethoven, commencing with a most interest ing biographical sketch of the great master's life and labours, read by the president, Mr. Jager. The musical selections were— Sonata for piano and violoncello in G minor, No. 2 (Messrs. Buddee and A.. Montague) quintet in C major for two violins, two violas, and cello (Messrs. Caron, P. Montague, Jager, Taite, and A. Montague) ; vocal selection, "Neue Liebe, neues Leben" (Miss Rosaly Merz) ; piano solo, larghetto from the second symphony, transcribed by Liszt (Mr. Buddee); "O'er the Purple-crested Moun tain," song, by Mr. ,S. Ramble ; and quartet in E flat for piano, violin, viola, and cello (Messrs; Buddee, Curtis, Jager, and A. Montague), Such a programme conld not fail to be enjoyable to lovers of classicial music, and its performance was listened to with thorough appreciation by those present. Mr. Buddee's appearance was welcomed with delight, and his large share in the evening's work may be taken as an evidence of the interest he evinces in the good work being, done by the Musical Artists Society for the furtherance of musical art in Victoria. It is almost heedless to add that his playing, in the truest sense of the word, was masterly, and worthy of the honourable position be has always held as the finest classical pianist in this part of the world. 