PARKWOOD. Laying the Foundation Stone of a New Wesleyan Church. Or Thursday afternoon the interesting ceremony of laying the chief corner stone of a new Wesleyan Church, at Parkwood, Gin inderra, was conducted in the presence of a goodly number of persons. The structure, as indicated by the docu ment (a copy of which appears below), is being erected at -the sole expense of Thos. Southwell, Esq., J.P., who may be regarded as the father and founder of thecungregation. The plans were prepared by Mr Thomas Jordan of Quesnbeyan, and the contractor is Mr Sanders Helman, of this town. The building, though small, is of dimensions quite equal to the requirements of the locality. It is plain, but neat in style, with a porch en trance, surmounted by a small spire. The material employed in the construction of its walls is hard granite. The site is that of the old wooden church, which since the year 1808 has accommodated the congregation; and forms a portion of the Parkwood Estate, near the homestead, on the slopes of the Gininderra Creek, and the building, with its surroundings of dwelling house, outhouses, :igardens, and extensive cultivated lauds, facing the lofty mountains of the Upper Murrumnbidgee, forms a scene charming for the picturesqueness of its effects. .The proceedings commence about 4 p.m., were invested with special interest. Con s.picuous amongst the little group, was Mr Southwell himself, who, we were glad to note, had considerably rallied from his recent alarming attacks of illness. By his side was his amiable wife, and gathered arcund him were his children and children's children, with a few others not connected with the family. Standing on its end, ready to be de posited in its place, was the corner stone, Swhich was about to be laid with befitting religious ceremony. In a cavity beneath lay a glass bottle containing the papers and records referred to elsewhere in this notice. On the stone lay a great well-worn Bible, and a copy a Wesley's Hymns. The Rev. R. W. Orton took up this hymn book and gave out from its pages C. Wesley's yeregp of the 100th. Psalms which wan sung by the gathered .ongpegat0on *ith uwell trained voicee and in 'excellent litr olly; Then the minister praysd (E't' th~e blessing of the Great Ardhiteet of the universe on the undertaking thus inaugurated. After read ing an appropriate Psalm he read from the W'-sieyan Advocate of the 2nd. October, a lengthy and well-written notice of the pro posed structure, which also reviewed the history of the Church at Parkwood fot the past 81 years, M?r Jdohn Gale, at Mr Orton's request, thein read the follo*itig copy of the dicumnent deposited in the stone, vi-a. to the year le7, 4 Ilab e dchapel was erecti e by r hse o. 3oitthwsll, at Prkwoud--ise, s0 feet z I feet (afterwards lengthened--o half awi acre of lnud dedicated by Mr Soathwell to the Wesleyan Methodist Church ou a leose i'?g 99 years, to he held in trust by the following ucmbers of the W..eln)an Churehl Tad congregsatln at l'arkwood end their suecessors, for th1 purposes asd in arcordonce withthe terms of the blfdel Deed of the said Wesleyan, Church vii, A(fred Bembrick, Jolto Boyd, John Cooke, Thes. IButton, Wm. E 1'ercy, Ed wrd Smith, John Soutcwell., en., tark Snlthwell. Wipliam Southxell, Samson outhMwel', Samuel South*ell, aed Philip Williams. The abovenamed slat bhutding hi t ,g ber~me in uotlrse of ye+s uniut for use, bas been remdved, and ji now to be deplac.d tn Ihe rante site oIth s lubetantial buildina of atore, to he erec? ted oy Tholna _oSttwell; A4eq., Julstifa of the Pe?ee, iu grateful sr.neo' llgemente of, gtafions Yrolidenee to lin and his family durins t ahYyeamrs' nlidence here. ,nd rceognising for himaelf and family, a.d .oeiaty, the inportance of maotaining through. out these lands tle pol Ic worship ofr el:oigty GidJ fur "riglt eenenses realtotl, a nation, bat tin Is a hpreoach to any people." Tho, build lag is being erelted as a plaed in wihicl to worship GoJ bud fer tie plbltic preaching of his glorious gospl of love to al nrlow, ase rvealed in the Bllmle, avnd accoridg to ?io stand. ardsof the Wesleyan MethoJiet ?eltnealll; nnder tile direct ion and ru of ls of Weeyan sletleodist (onfeenree. Thit pbapr, with a eopy of the I'i?ePelo ddeocat of Octoberf, 1880, contalning a brief ilstory of Meihodism at farkwood.and nepy of the S ntene ,, dar uewsp lper of the 8:h iartant, nul a co r of the fCrctt I'la., to be carefully enclosed is a bottle, andherein deposited in the cavity of a stone in the west Corner of the foudation ; the said corner stone bring to be duly laid by Satry, wife of Thomas Southwrll,Esq., aloresaid, in the name of thelfather, Son, ancd tloy Ghost, om this s9th sty of Decemser, 1880, in the 4trd yer of the rign of lIer Most Gracious MaJesty Queen Victoria. lis Excellency Lord Loftus being Governor of New South Wales; Bev. W. Kelynack, D.l., Prresident of NS IV and Quolaend Conference t Rev. Fr?. Tait, Cihstrmn of the Ooulburn District; Roe. it. W. Orton. Superintendent Miutlter of the Queanbeyao Circuit; Meanrs Samuel Taylor and Samson Southwell, circuit Stewardus conttactor fot the works, Mtr Saun ders Uciman, of Queartbeyan. (Signed) It. W. Oentom. Witalue-Jont OALsEd. Q. Age. Taotisn oSbUTaWCLL Pacrkwod, Queansheya Circuit, Tlhorday, 9th Dec. 1880. The Rev. Mr Orton at this stage of the proceedings, called upon Mrs Southwell, wife ot Mr Thomas Southwell, J. P., to formally lay the stone in its appointed place. Mrs Southwell, having been handed a suitable trowel, spread the. mortar, and with the assistance of a workman lowered the stone upon the cavity, bedded it in its place, and in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, declared the atone well and truly laid) Mr Orton then atidressed the congrega tion im~ language well adapted to the occa sion. He spoke of the piety and liberality of Mr Southwell in providing both the ground and the church at his own private cost, and how in a small wits he had thus followed the example of liavid and Solomon on the building of the Great Temple at Jer usalem ; aud expressed a hope that, as the old building had been the birthplace of souls, arid a place of spiritual oontfort and edification to many for years past, so he trusted the new church would excel the glory and grace of the former in these respects. Referring to the liberdlity of Mr Southwell, he said there was no need for money to be laid on the stone to carry on to completion the building about to be erected:" But he would take the opportunity of reminding them that the circuit was in debt) and that the stipend fitbd *ksi uit' equal to the de mands made upon it from quarter to quarter. It was now drawing to the close of the year and it was very desirable that the accounts should be balanced. Otte or two gentlemen had liberally contributed .to this object, and he appealed to those present as well ia to the church in the whole circuit, to make an effort, which they could well do in a prosper ous season like the present) and clear off the debt, Mr Gale Was then asked to say a few words. He complied. It was late, and as some of them had to go long distances, he would not detain them long. Six-and twenty years ago that month he first visited them. - Some of those present were not then born; others of them, then ruddy boys and tiny girls, were now heads of families. Their venerable friend Mr Southwell, was then in his prime; he (the speaker) but a young man. Time had wrought great changes. A large population and a large congregation, as well as the old church, had come and gone in the mean time. He was glad to say that so far, death had but little to do in dispersing the people. They had gone further away to make homes for themselves, and carry with them the germs of that piety which had been inculetilated in them here. He trusted, not withstanding his recent severe illness, that Mr Southwell would be spared to see the completion of the new church, and to fulness of years beyond, and that the church for generations to come might prove a blessing to the neighbourhood. SAfter a few words from Mr South well, the Doxology and Benediction terminated the proceedigse. 