ffofoM. MARRIED TO AN ACTRESS. By UBS. E. WINSTANLEY, * Authorett of " ISomty Straw," $e;, $e. CHAPTER VIIL-(Oontinned.) ? !?ny» AgathB'" onifled Bertha, . » great Bgitatioa. " Shall I Bend one of the servants to look after her ?" doK'tknow what t0 <3o-" . w- j jT mto jQst glance at the river lwro and there as it winds its coarse taronah the grounds?" * . ^JlBMifa2' Bef)b* do y°n rsa»y think she's drowned herself ? Agatha gasped, suffocat "I don't know. I feel too confused to JJi8'w,0a.e minute I think this way, theu m . vr/. .Bn4flho oorQe it she be ili?e ? She s bad no lanobeon; it's waiting v?*, r now, and it's one of her favourite dunes-Btewed sweetbreads." " Bing, and tell Simon to find his young m Btress in the plantation," Miss Elrington Miu, in t disturbed manner. ^Berths lost no time in obeying her sister's Blading, and Simon went straightway ofl on \--Lf"® j ' ^1Btline oareleBHly along as he went, and withoa*. a thought upon the im portance of bis mission. « Q^)0at in this quarter and m that; the man oame baok to Bay that " he 80 naught about t' young missus." i /?? *a*0 the river, Simon?" BnggeBted Miss Barfcha, in an under tone. «ntn^h«tr# 1 "Whatever ehoald I look m to a* tiBked, in astonishment. -Annie might have mot inth some oooident," returned Miss Elring i ton. 'You know how she admires the lilieB growing on its banks," she added, with a i °T WQa iuatantly echoed by Bertha. . I dnnno, mum, nont about 'un Dein font of illios and sich loike; not I. I only knows that I could na' fioind her no t»neree." Idiot I" exclaimed Miss Elrington. im . patiently. " Go back again, and Bearch everywhere about the grounds for vour . young mistress." -Simon made no reply but walked off on fits errand. ^ Ho oame to a stump of a tree, and there sitting down, he drew forth hie 'oontenteclf' ligh'ted ifc' and smoked quite " Whattea be t' use o' runnin' mysel' off F1? leg8 huntin' for a greet big lass Ioike that Miss Annie, who would as soon Blftp my faoe as look at me, if she seed me ? .« x At UU4) uu UUUu At Uu toe troth, 6eein' as I nlver eoxohed for her nowherea." " Tho child must have run off to Aver ted®, -said Mies Elrington, with a new thought and brighter countenance, " We . most sand a message at once thither to in quire after her. I have some hope of find ing her now." Accordingly, eff to Averarde they were preparing to send a mounted messenger, when, to their Bcrpriaec and joy, Annie ap Gared with dejected gait, swollen eyes, and ggard looks. She sank into the nearest feat, and hung har head. Her sisters flew BOttardB her and nearly smothered her with ' their embraces. . ."flh! dear child, where have yon been ?" ( cried Miss Elrington. " We ha?e 'been so 11 oneaay and nnhappy about you." [ t . " We were afraid you had fallen into the liver and were drowned," added Bertha. ^-kilt, dea.7 me, yonr drefis is quite ehe went on, feeling the girl's clothing. " Something of the sort must wave happened to you; and you've be6n en deavouring to dry yourself-a most imprudent i ? .ort of thing on your part. You must un- i wesB at onoe, and have some warm gruel ana go to bed. It's a mercy we eea you alive ! again, I'm sure! Why, mercy on us, I do Believe the child has fainted away ! Agatha, yonr smelling sails, qutok!" she cried, as Annie fell baok in herohair, white as a ghost, ana without sense or motion. fa the .utmost distress of mind, the two cisters rang a tell for a servant maid to assist them in carrying the fainting girl up stairs, where tho;? hurriedly undressed her. luidheriniier bed, on whioh she lay, eold and white, like one dead. They chafed her chilled hands, they put tottlea of hot water to her feet, but all with out the least effeat. They would have to send OS for a dootor, they thought. "Let us try to make her swallow a few drops of yonr excellent cordial," proposed Bertha; "you know it always does me good." Accordingly, the oordial was produoed, and the girl being rained a little, th ey administered to her a wine-glsss half fall of it. Presently Annie opened her eyes in a bewildered manner, and staied around her. *. I don't understand where I am," she '(aid, with a shudder. " Oh I how cold was toe water 1 How deep 1" "Do you mark that?" whispered Miss Ebiogton to Bertha. "Ob, Celandine, brave Celandine, hold me *aat! Don't, don't loose your hold of me! Don't lei the cruel current bear me away from life to eternity!" resumecLAnnie, wildly alleging to Bertha. " Sir George, you have broken my hea;:t by thus forsaking me, I near your laugh, your wicked laugh, and my ? ears are stung, iny senses yiang by its harsh Bound ! Mercy, Heaven I Celandine, Celan oine, I sink, I drown, I die! Save me, save ine, save me I" And, after rolling about the bed m a frantic manner for a few moments, bauitedu^ ^ ^ fiQ^ Btt®*ly ex "We had bettetfiot question her," Mies EIrington said, aside, to Bertha; '' by doing B) we ghenld very likely only excite her the znoie. I cannot understand the meaning of her words at alL By Celandine she meane that person at Averatde, bat the rest I am fairly at a loss to comprehend," she added, shaking her head. " It's a mystery," sniffed Bertha, in low accents-"a mjstsry which I should very much like to have solved." " So aiso should I," returned Agatha. " I'll warrant, could we bat get at the bottom of this business, we shoald find that horrid person there. She is a serpent, a firebrand; by some means or other sbe has rained oar child's happiness, and driven her oat of her wits ! See her where she lies with working fingers and wandering eyes!" " It's all just as I expected it would be," grumbled Bertha. " Sue has contaminated oar dear child, and brought her to some sort cl grief." " Hash, Celandine, hash !" resumed! Annie, entreatingly. "Don't aay a word to'them abont me ! Agatha And Bertha would never forgive me I Celandine, yoa are my friend. I love yon, for yon are sensible and good ob, how good I" "GoodI I'm not of that opinion," ex claimed Miss Elrington, with a groan. "Neither am I," sniffed Bertha, spa&modi; oally. " Sbe seems to have bewitched the child," resumed Agatha. " Absolutely so; driven her demented, poor dear." " Bat only lor a time, I trust, Agatha. Do yoa think she has been in the river ? I do, else how came her garments, all oi them, so wet?" " Heaven knows I But .we must not ques tion her on the subject. We maBt be patient, and let the myBtery unravel itself, as I daresay it will do by-and- bye. In the mean time, we MMI do all we can ip order to recover this child, and bring her baok to her normal condition of mind." " Yes, yes, Agatha; I understand ; you aire BO prudent, BO wise. What would that ohild, or I, poBnioly do without your gaidance, without your sisterly love ? Give me a tiny drop, just a tbimbieful, of yonr delicious oherry cordial, will yon, dear ? I feel quite npset with these agitating doings, and can Bcarcaly support myself. You are truly wonderful; 50a must have nerves o£ iron to bear up aB you do under the moat distressing circumstances. How I envy you I But we are not all made alike. No, no ; some of us are strong, and others aro weak. Well, I am weak-weak as water, goodness help me J" she concluded, foolishly. ".Hash ! she haB dropped into a doze 1" " The soothing 'effects of your oherry cordial, dear Agatha. Give me n little of it, or I shall die on the epjt, dear Berttia I" 