THE DETECTIVE'S OATH. m I chanced to bo in the New York Court of General Sessions, a good many years ago, when two professional thieves were being ; tried for burglary. There was but little doubt of their guilt. but they had secured excellent legal ser vices, the actual evidence against ibem was very slender, and there wis eivery promise of their being acquitted, when the prosecuting attorney suddenly called as a witness for the State the name of Patrick .Harnden, the mere mention of which caused, an abrupt and striking overshadowing of thd criminals' prospect. ' , . They both lost countenance ; their coun sel looked black ; and as the bearer of the name — a powerful, well-knit yoang man, with a pale face, an iron jaw, and a atern, relentless eye— stepped upon the stand, and in hard tones and simple language gave the evidence that secured their conviction beyond a doubt, they turned white with terror, and trembled as though confronted with the ghostly Nemesis of all their orimes, and hearkening to the accusing words of Fate itself. These men are professional thieves ; they are guilty of this particular charge for which they are now on trial, as my evidence will prove, and they are the last of the Silver Gang, the members of which I have haunted, tracked, shadowed, and hounded down, one by one, for years.' Such was the opening sentence of witness Harnden's testimony, which, in addition to securing that particular conviction, displayed throughout a certain sleuth-hound tendency and a deadliness of purpose on the part of the speaker that was quite remarkable. After the prisoners had been sentenced to heavy penalties, M'Ardle, the veteran de tective, who sat at the reporters' table, whis pered in my ear : I knew it was all up with those fellows as soon as Barnden took the stand. Did you note the crushing effect of his mere presence upon tbem ? Be is the bete noir, the incubus,1 the haunting nightmare phantom of their tribe.' 4 What is he ? A detective, like yourself V 4 Something of the 'sort, though he has been hunting down this especial Silver Gang of thieves, about the last of whom have just been disposed of, more out of revengeful hatred than for pay. He is not only a thief transformed, but a thief converted into one who has proved their retributive and pursu ing Nemesis. Some time I will tell you his story, if you would like to hear it.' I expressed an ardent desire to that, effect, and not long thereafter he told me the story, very much as folio s : — ' Patrick 'Harnden was about finishing his apprenticeship at brass-finishing, and was a sober, industrious and promising young fellow, when he became attached to a pretty shoplifter, named Jenny Brettle, and then went downward till he landed in her profes sion. I am bound to confess that they agreed well together, and clung to each other through thick and thin, with a devo tion and affection that I have seldom seen equalled. Still, they were only thieves, after all, and Jenny, as a thief a wife, was, per haps, not greatly hatter than she had been before ; she was faithful to him, and that was all. They were identified with the Silver Gang, an associated band of robbers, who were just then becoming infamously no torious under the mysterious direction of Monteith, a clever rascal, w.ho acquired im mense influence' over them through the uni form success of his schemes, and was, strange to say, almost as much of a mystery to his criminal subordinates as to the police and those upon whom their, depredations were committed. He only communicated with them under various disguises. Not one of them at that time knew who he was, what was his real name, occupation, or even pro bable age ; but as each of the Silver Gang (so named from one of its specialities of rob bing wealthy houses of their silver plate) was under a terrible oath hot to pay into things that did not concern them, aud as it was to their interest to keep the oath, the identity of the 44 major," as he was called, remained secure. 1 To make a long story short, Harnden fell under the displeasure of this mysterious leader, through a dispute concerning the division of the spoil, and was marked for summary punishment. The Major put up a job on him, and then betrayed bim into the hands of the police, donbtles i under the sup position that he would be effeotually dis posed of by being sent up for a term of fifteen or twenty years. But the entrapped man got only twelve months, by pleading guilty, and then, after swearing vengeance against the man who betrayed bim, bidding an affectionate farewell to his wife and child, and solemnly promising the judge who sen tenced him that he would come out of prison a reformed and altered man, prepared to undergo his punishment with philosophical cheerfulness. I' was present at his last interview with his wife and child, and it was very affecting. 44 Good-bye and God bless you, Jenny!" he exclaimed, kissing her and the babe on her bosom. 44TU bravely work out the year's sentence, and when I come oat, 111 do as you've long begged of me—I'll turn honest, and work for you and the little one with these arms like a: good man. Keep away from the Major and the miserable band you've been herding with. Don't let them hunt yon down, as doubtless they'll try to do, and 111 make it sunny and good for you when I come out." 444 Bless you for thote words, Pat," mur mured the poor thing in reply. 'Little Dennis shall'grow up an honest man, after all. Good-bye— good-bye !" 4 And, with a last weeping embrace, he was off for prison, while she slipped quietly out of the court and disappeared. 4 But the infernal fcajor pursued the wife as remorselessly as he had betrayed the hus band. Acting under his secret orders, the gang shunned, hounded, and maltreated her, and finally turned her out of the Watched Five Points rookery which she had occupied with a number of them, 4 She was without money and reputation, miserably sick, and the weather was snowy and cold. Nevertheless, she made a hard fight for it, occupying any shelter that she could beg, day after day, and night after night, and 'seeking ceaselessly, persistently, to obtain honest employment. 4 But it was allin vain. Shehadno character,, by way of recommendation, to start with, so» the Major arid his creatures gave her one. At every shop, store, or household that she ap plied to for work, it was but to find that she had been forestalled by information, secretly- supplied, concerning her criminal antecedents, which effectually set to nought her claims and supplications. # 4 At last she was desperate, hopeless, with out a friend and without a home, and ia this pitiable plight was found one evening croueb- ing under one of the high stoops in the neigh bourhood of the CentralPark by a policeman,, who gruffly ordered, her away, and advised her to seek a night's lodging at the nearest station-house. 4 But she gave no heed to hfs advice— per haps being naif-crazed with her sufferings— but wrapped her baby more tightly under her poor, thin shawl, .limped away through the rast- falling snow, and entered the park. 1 Out in the snow, under the bare trees, m among the leafless, rustling shrubs, a Way op through the hillocks, did she wandet in the lifeless, deserted park, which then must have seemed a wilderness, indeed, hat more e» . ceptable, more inviting, than tbe peopled bub heartless streets, from which she fared, with the hunger in her body and despairing misery in her soul. No one could interfere with her there, or hunt her down, or bid her to move on, or laugh at her, or taunt her with her past wickedness and present friendlessnet,e. 4 Faster and faster fell the blinding snowr but it seemed to touch the > arth softly and tenderly, affording her the covering and shelter that humanity had refused. it was bitter cold, and she tore her shawl into strips to more thoroughly wrap up her child, while rendering her own poor shoulders defenceless to the shivering wind. 4 Then she huddled closely against a rock to keep off the drift, and cuddled up about the child as near as she could creep. And then, after the storm had el . kned, the moon came out and looked pitying! » ou the forlorn pair. 4 The drift whirled faster and faster over them to complete its work ; and then at last poor Jenny, the world's forsaken aif, fell asleep for ever under The soft, white mantle of the soow, which, like Charity's, covers each year such multitudes of sins. . ; 4 The park policemen found her on the fol lowing morning at a spot about two hundred yards north of the Seventh avenue entrance, frozen stiff No stone ever marked her grave, and a four-line newspaper paragraph, with a side- heading, 44 Unknown Woman Found Dead in Central Park," was the only notice taken of her death. - 4 The child as found still alive and mov ing on the: pulseless bosom that would nourish it no more ; but it also died On ibe ' - third day thereafter from theoflfeofcs of ex posure, and that was the last of them.1 Scarcely a week after this event, Harnden was set at liberty, and it chanced that I was \- the first ace uaintance he metnpon -his return to the city. I should have mentioned that f had known him from his boyhood, had de plored his , evil courses, rejoiced in his pro mised reform, and was now anxious that be should not be tempted to go back upon hie good resolutions, while I dreaded the off that would be produced upon him by toe news of his wife and baby's, pitiful death,, of which I was. certain he was as yet totally ignorant. My own duties had taken me amy from the city during the greater part of his impri sonment, or I should certainl y have endea- vout ed to in some measure") ri v i end the poor creatures, the particulars of who tttniserable \- fate, as I have just described To you, I had only myself, learned 'a 'day or two before, thus meeting him at the tifepob upon his re- ' tarn from prison. As soon as Harnden stepped from the rain and saw me, he grasped my hand aod- dragged me into a neighbouring public house, where we entered a private room. 4 Yotf see me return to the world a changed man, M4Ardle, and I trust with some years of happiness in store for me,' he said, and I noticed that he was lqpking capitally, with a clear manfnl light in his dark eyes. 4 But tell me quickly — where and how is Jenny ?' I felt myself growing pale, and could make no immediate answer. 4 Speak! Jenny and the child— -how are they both, and how have they both fought through it all.?'- be repeated, with' growing disturbance. 4 Man alive ! why do yon turn ; away? - 4 Have you heard nothing of them?' I stammered,, stupidly wishing to delay the shock. 4 How the deuce should I, when 1 am not two hours out of bolt and bar? Tell me ' quickly, M'A dle! Sheia not lil/is toe?' 4 No, not ill — that's certain. But you'll probably learn something of their fete else where.' , i 4 Fate ! he echoed, in a broken voice, 1 and then suddenly grasped me by the collar and began shaking me Tell me what is wroiigThis instant !' he cried, hoanely. « Do it or 1 11 throttle yon in your tracks,' 'Try to hear up, Pat,' I muttered, hold- tug him off and trying to soothe hhn. « Pd sooner take a stretch in iail myself than break the news to yon. Both Jenny and your child are dead, Pat.' TWL!! de»d ! dOKj ! The two last words cameoutin horrified. ' bewildered gasps, and he staggered to Us ' ghost the waU as white as a V turned her mto the etree6l„d thSTharted her from place to place, so that the 4wnid ' not procure employment. = " v And then, while he Blood there fisitniiMS - 4- Sng at me, I gave him toe mholejft and bitter story, much as youxhad It, Uht , „ more in detail. 4 Oh, the fiends 1 the demOns i' beginning to «wi wrthout a tear upon wrinkled faoe, 4Audyoa, " Mdle— even you did not lift a hand to savlrher.' 4 By heaven, Harnden ! ' I cried, hd I \ been in the city, and known your wife was — i,i- - '"HIT 1 nitiiiri 11 .iaai>a- trouble oria.want, Tdhave lost my arm at the shoulder-blade sooner than let hfe perish. It was no fault of hifine/ Oh, it matters not ! W oixh- — words are nothing now,' cried the poor, bereaved fel- j®"? suddenly towering before me, with sitting eyes and cloudy brows, like au avenger of old. % At last I am alone— alone in the worlds with every hope, every tender feeling, blasted. They have killed my wife arnoag tfeem, Mac — my own Jenny, that was u orfd to me— mid my little child, that was as innocent as the angels in heaven. Oh, bad they no mercy ! Could they not have spared them and let me suffer?. Listen "to me, Mac, and what l am about to solemnly S'.vear before high heaven. I'll have life for life, bunting for hunting, sleuth-hounding for sleuth- hounding, so may the God of Jus tice and of vengeance help me in my hour of bitter need 1 I s wear, by aH that is sacred, to live but for one object— to tear the mask of mystery from the major's face, and £0 hunt him off the face of earth 1 And not him alone, but all of them— aU, all, all I Not a villain shall escape,maleor female. BvOty- one of Hie accursed (Silver Gang — every mother's thief of them — shall feel a thief's power, a thief's vengeauce/1 . I constitute myeeif their Nemesis, to hunt and hound them down for evermore 1' Harnden fairly shrieked fortlT those wild, ' threatening words, after which he staggered Jinto the chair again, breathing so hard and Son king so white that I hastened into the adjoining saloon to procure him some refresh- cneat, fearing that he would faint. But when I returned he had partly recovered, W gently but firmly refused the glass of stimulant I proffered him, and the former indulgence in which had not a little to do with his swift descent amid crime and sin. I may conclude my sketch by saying that he has never touched a drop of liquor since, and that he iulfilied the requirements of his terribiesoara, wild and fitful as they seemed at the moment of their utterance, £0 thievery letter. - 'He turned detective, then, and hunted down the members of the gang, one by one ?' Yes/' or . in pairs or groups,' replied my narrator. 'Of course, it was some time, owing to his antecedents, before he could be entrusted with regular detective work. But, it was not long before he made himself equally admired by the force and feared by the thieves in an auxiliary capacity; and, when he was regularly commissioned as a de tective, the cold-blooded, patient, relentless, and systematic tenacity and persistence with which he began to hunt down, entrap, in veigle, and pick off the members of that gang, was a caution.' ' And the Major ?' 'Why, he was the fourth or fifth that Harnden disposed of, by a strange and «exeiting strategem, an account of which would make a capital sensational story in it self. B is arrest, unmaking, and exposure was one of the newspaper hits of threeyears ago. He turned out" to be a big g<m named Mon- tieth, who, while planning robberies in secret for a long time, had been living at the best hotels, which probably afforded him ample opportunities for coneocting the long aeries o€ burglaries which he planned for his subordinates to. exeente. He was sent up for twenty years, chiefly upon Harnden'a tes timony, and died miserably m prison, of pneumonia, contracted by the quarries, only a shorftime ago.' 4 And the- two. thieves convicted the other day were, then j thei last/of these banded criminals ?' ' Yes ; Harnden has only been .five years in pursuing the gAOg, often at the imminent ti«k of mslifqriin.nunierous and powerful s they Were,.not .one of tfaem remains to-day to curse our comgiunity. Either dead, fugi tive, or within prison walls, they have all disappeared, thanks to fho piteous event that transformed a thief into an honest man, and brought abont the making of the 'Detective's Oath.' 