THE AUSTRALIAN ELFYFX V. FIFTEEN OF VIC TO HI A . This match w.is concluded yesterday, .and ro' suited in an cany victory for the cloven by eight wickets, though at one lime during the day it looked as if the fiftoeu were going to make a very . clrmc fight of it-. Tho weather was favorable, but tho uttcudnnco was limited to f»oiuc lfiOO or'/Ota) persons. M'tflmiio and t'oulthard, the two not out men of Saturday, resumed their places at the wicket? at noon, and both men played so well that they tool: Saturday's total of 45 to ST before M'Shano was bowled by Boyle. Midwinter assisted Coulthard to further increase t lie score to 112, when the former was stupidly run out in his encernoss to score. He played the most admirable cricket for his score of 51, and seemed set for the day, when he was unluky enough to lose his wicket. Mid- it inter was well caught when bo made 15, and after his departuro tbo innings may be said to have terminated, hs the remaining eight wickets fell for 28 runs, Tobin being unfortunately run out; and Hd wards playing the ball hard on his foot, from whence it rebounded on the wicket. The iuniiigs closed for 145, which lei t the eleven 23 to get to win. In the attempt to make tlicm tliey lost two wickets, Edwards bowling Jnrvis and catching Monlc very cleverly olT Ccopcv. Alexander and Slight hit off the runs, though the proverbial luck of the former stuck to him, us he was missed hy Horan. Tho fielding of the eleven wns again of tho highest class, and not.a chnnco was missed. The umpir ing of Terry and Smith during tho match was quite equal to its importance, and their decisions iu every instance wero accepted without the slightest demur. THE PLAY. The two not out men of Saturday, M'Shano and Coultliard, appeared at the wickets at noon cxhotly, Spoffortli lead tag off with a maiden to Cnultliard from the Richmond end. Off the lust of Palmer's next M'Shane got a single. Maiden, Spofforth to M 'Shane, and Ccmlthnrd cut Palmer neatly .for a brace. Maiden, Spofforth to M'Shane, and then Coulthard put Palmer to leg for 4, well nin out. 50 up. ,0£f the last of Spofforth's next M'Shane got a single, and Palmer sent down a maiden to M'Shane. Coulthard got asingle from iSpoflbrtb, and M'Shane drove him for another the !u#t of tho over.- .M'Shane drove Palrnei4' for a brace, and Coulthard took a maiden from Spof forth. In the next M'Shane snicked Palmer for a single, and drove Spofforth for another. Maiden, Spofforth to Coulthard, and another from Palmer to M'Shane, both batsmen playing steadily and well. Maidens from each end, and then Coulthard cut tbodomon wellfora brace — tiOup— andanichcd him for a single. A eloso run on the part of Coulthard credited M'Shane with a single off tho last of the over, and then M'ShanO drove Palmer for- a single, a leg- bye being obtained off the next. Singlo in the slips to Coulthard off Spoffortli, and Boyle went on vice Palmer at the nvcslum end, commencing with a maiden to Coulthard,.. M'Shane then cut Spofforth for 4, tho ball going dangerously close to Alexander. 70 up. A fast one from Spofforth, which Jarvis missed, resulted in 4 byes, and Boyle sent down another maiden to Coulthard, Spofforth doing tho same to M'Shane. Coulthard then put Boyle to leg, and an overthrow credited hitn with f> in stead of a brace. M'Shane put the lost to leg for a single. 80 up. Maiden, Spofforth to M'Shane, and Coulthard cut the first off Boyle's next'for a triplet, M'Shane doing ditto with tho next. Coulthard drbve tho last nicely for a single. Maiden, Spofforth to Coulthard, and in tho first, of Boyle's next M'Shane was clean bowled by a breakback, ?> — 18— -87, Midwinter joined Coulthard and took the balance of tlic over, an unsuccessful appeal being made for a I b w last ball. Maiden, Spofforth to Coult hard, and Boyle sent down another' to' Midwinter Conlthurd got Spofforth to leg for 3, sending 90 up, and Midwinter put the next ball through the slips for a triplet. Maiden, Boyle to Midwintor, and Coulthard hit Spofforth hard to the nfl for 3, and drove Boyle to the on for a brace. Alexander took the ball from Spofforth, and Midwinter cut the last nicely for 3, sending 100 up. Midwinter a single from Boyle, and Coulthard got the, suc ceeding delivery forubrace tosqunre-lc. Maiden, ' Alexander to Midwinter, and then Coulthard hit EdyJefor a single : Coulthard got a sinde off Alexundor, and then he put the first of Boyie a to the off for a brace/ making another off the next— 110 up. Midwinter then got a single to the off, and Coulthard put tho last ball to the on fora brace. Maidou, Aloxandcr to Midwinter und in Boyle's next Coulthard was runout alter play- in»a splendid innings of 51 without giving the ghost of chance. 0-51—112. Tobin joined Midwinter, the latter making a single tor a neat cut. Maiden, Boyle to Midwinter, and Alexander to Tobin, and another from Boyie to Midwinter. Spofforth hero, went on vice Alexander and Midwinter cut tho second for a single, Monle letting the ball through!! is legs. Maiden Borta to Tobin, and an adjournment was made for lunch. Un resuming Tobin. was run out off tho second of Spofforth's, tho run being very badly judged by Tobin. 7—1— 114. Edwards was next, and played the first very nicely for a single Maiden, Boyle to Edwards, and Mul-- winter drovo Spofforth for a single, und Edwards played the next on to his wicket. 8— 1— 11 C. Wallington joined .Midwinter, tho latter driving Boyie tor a single, and putting Spofforth to leg for a brae, Alexander, at point, catching him -splendidly next toil, and the hopes ot the fifteen falling rapidly. 0— lu— UP. hlliolt was next, and after taking the last of the over, J.oylo bowled a maiden to Wallington. In tho last of Spoflbrth's next Elliott was well caught in the long-field by Murdoch, with the score unchanged. 10—0—119 Baker then be- camo associated witii Wallington, and put the first of Boylo's to leg for a single. 120 up. Baker a singlo off Spoffortli, and off the next of Boyle a tlie same batsman snieked biiu for a brace, and thus saved the one innings. Singles to each batsman off tlie next two balls. Maiden, Spofforth to Wallington, and Baker got a single from Boyle nod in Spofforth's next Baker was easily caught by Alexander at point. 11-G-«12B. Mensies was the next man, and cv.t Spofforth for a single. Maiden, Boylo to Men?.ies, Spofforth stopping the last ball in good style, in Spofforth's next Wallington cut him neatly for a singlo, and Menzies snieked him fori. 130 up. Maiden, i'oyle to Wallington, and in the second of Spof- forth's next, .Menzies was clean bowled with a a beauty that worked right across the wicket. jo— 5— 132, Buiijafield succeeded, and took the balance ' of tho over without result. In Boyle's next, Wallington got him to the off for a single, and -made a brace off the first of .Spofforth's next by a piece of Incky play in the slips. Bcnjalield then got .one off Boyle, putting the ball just out of Ban- nerinan's reach. In Spofforth's next ho drove the demon for a hr.tco, only to bo bowled next : ball. 13— 3— 13S, Figgis, the last limn, took the remainder of tho over, and then Wallington drove Boyie nicely for a brace— 1-10 up— sending him for a single tho last ball of the over. In Spofforth's next Wallington drovo him -for a . single, and Figgis snicked him for a brace, thim xiuttin" him in the slips for a sihgle. Off the tact l'i'-is was caught easily at point, tho innings clotingfor M— 3— 145, Wallington carrying out Uis but for 10. , ,Iarvi9 and Alexander were sent- in to get tbo 24 runs required to win, the South Australian taking strike from Cooper at the eastern end: Off the first over Jarvis made a single to the off, and Edwards from tho Kiehmond end sent down a maiden to Jarvis. 1 n Cooper's second Alexnndergot a couple from un overthrow, M'Shano letting the ball pass him. Jarvis drove Edwards for a single and hit Cooper for a quartette to the off in tbo next over, Muogrovo fielding tlio last ball in splendid style. Alexander hit Edwards for a sin-ie und then Edwards bowled Jarvis with a slow one. 1—0—9. Monle boeaino Alexander's partner and played tho balance of the over. Off tho next Alexander made a couple, Midwinter savin" the 4 beautifully. Alexander cut Cooper for 2, through Musgrovs's bad fielding. 10 up. Alexander then hit Edwards flukiiy for a brace. A wretched piece of fielding by Cooper gavearitn to Alexander off Cooper's next, and then Edwards caught Moule beautifully at point. o_Q_i(j, ' Slight, now bccatno Moule's partner, and then Horan should have held Alexander off Edwards, u run resulting. Maiden, Cooper to Alexander, and Slight made a singlo off Edwards that was nearly a run oat. Brace to Alexander off Cooper, and ho drove tlie next for a couplo. 20 op. Maiden, Edwards to Slight, and then Alexander made the winning hit by driving Cooper for 4, the Australians thus winning by eight wickets. Score : — VicroniAX Fifteen. First Innings 103 Second Innings. MusTove.l, 1. 1, -> l.st Jarvis, b Spofforth 0 Mack ay, 1, 4, 1, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, 2, c Buiinor, b Spof- frMi 1? rtutaP. 1, c JJonuor, b Palmer 1 L-ooper, 1, i: 1, b Palmer J Coulthard 1, i, 3, 1, 4, 4, 2, 4, 1, 2, 2. 1, 1, 5, 8, 1, i s. 2,s 1 1.2,1, run out 61 M'jhane 1 1. k k - k 4 " b Bo5le " 18 Midwinter, 3. 3, 1. 1. b 1. 1.2, o Aloxander,bSpof.; forth IS Tobin, 1, runout - f waTnimi.Lb'?, irbniioii:::::::::::: 9 Baker'r ft t b TS'b spiff or'tir:::: I Meazik'l,'4, b Spoffortli 5 Benfafleld, 1, 2, b Spofforth 8 Fisnlif ". 1, « Alexander, b Boyle J Byes 8, leg-byes 1 Total ' "J Total first innings Grand total 313 AKAbTsts.— Spofforth, 204 balls, 22matdens, ro r S afokT Palmcr. 12U balls, IS maidens, 81 ranT' wickets. Boyle, 112 balls, 15 maidens, 87 raUJ', 2 wickets. Alexander, 23 balls, 4 maidens, fl rUnS' ACSW1A1.HX ELEVEN. First Innings -9l Second Iiinins?. Jarvis, 1, 1, 4, b Edward# C Alexander, 2, 1,4, 2, 3» 2,4, not out 16 Moule, 2, c Edwords, b Cooper - Slight, 1,1, not out & . Total first iuniojp# Grand total DowiiNOVSAtTSis.— Cooper, rObalD, 1 maiden, 19 runs, 1 wicket. Edwards, 23 balls, 2 inaldens, 0 ruus, 1 wicket. 