THE CUP ENTRIES. By Beacon. , Jjast week was more devoted to making' entries than running races, and amougst those races which were entered for may be men 1 tioned tho Melbourne Cup, which, when the . list is completed, will show a field of one hundred and nine hordes ; for, although the ? nominations showed one hundred and ten sub scribers .to the stake, tho appearance of the name of Robbie Burns twico over is an evi dent error which will in due course of time be rectified. In point of numbers Victoria is where it m.iy always expeqt to be placed, that is, a long way in advance of the other colonies, though I would willingly exchange some of those nominations which assist to swell the ? list and look inviting to tho eye for some of . those warriors and tried horses which adorn tho New South Wales entry. Wo have the \- number, they the quality ; and excepting our .. lot should contain something that is ready to ? throw off the mantle and show that it is pos ? Besaed of powers vastly superior to anything exhibited last season, why our chance of win ning the Cup this year is remote in the ex \- treme. I never saw a much worse lot of two ' milo horses than those comprising the Vicfcn. : rian entry ; amongst tho former winners there ; is nothing better than Columbus and Welling ton, the disappointed Lord Harry and Zara . besi, who has done nothing startling, and that ? under moderate weights ; Imperial must be ; worn out by thia time. And of the fouryear olds our hopes must rest with South Hamilton or Lohengrin, for really I can see nothing else, and we do not know even that they are good enough. JIata belongs to New Zealand, and is !-y Dead Shot out of Eaupo by Dromede3, ? from Phcebe by Sir Hercules ; her dam Wood ; Btock by Theorem out of an imported mare : whose pedigree got lost ; and Dead Shot is by ? Eavensworth from Certainty by II Barbiere, ' her dam Chance bv Sir Herrnl™ nut. nr . Finesse by Joss. So tho pedigree is good ? enough for anything, and he is a good per former. Mr. Cutts, his trainer, has had some experience of what is necessary to win a Jlel , bourne Cup, and should avail himself of his ; knowledge ; but if, as has been hitherto the . rule with New Zealand nominator?, to do their . training at homo and come here in the spring, ? then I shall despair of his chance, for I have 'never seen' it answer yet. Foul Play is by Traducer from Fancy by Tom King, her dam Emmeline by Sleight of Hand, jun., out of , Emma by Gil Bias. This one we do not know quite bo much about, so for the present will ?leave him to tell his own tale. From the cold 'colony also is Napper Tandy; but Napper's , running has been bo indifferent that I am ? somewhat perplexed to understand why he k here. Mullyan, by Maribyrnong from Kea, \- who was own sister to Loup Garou, has been -?'' a very unfortunate colt; he got disqualified for the Maribyrnong Plate of his year through being wrongly nominated, and I do not think he was ever fit afterwards, and no in him we have one fre^h one, and from fresh ones we borrow hope. British Workman is a good, game, constant little horse from Tasmania, but unless in very superb condition — such improved form that makes a racehorse- rise np out of nothing — I do not think he could win a Cup. He ran five seconds in Tasmania last February under light weights', ^and if ia only by a very light weight that- he can be said to have a ghost of a show. Tho well-bred Adventurer, by Maribyrnong from Ida by Vanguard, her dam Io by Sir Hercules out of Flora' M'lyor by Rous Emigrant, is one who has done nothing a^ present. ABC is a .'nice .colt, and may be come a good one, but whether a stayer or no is not yet Bhbwn. Pimpampa, ,by Brown Gown from Dora, is best known in the least districts of New- South -Wales,- Deninquin, Hay and such places -forming the circuit to which he belongs. Xhmballo, by The Friar from Cambollo, is another whose running may bo traced to the same district ;' and although both are fair performers' neither havo Bhown anything approaching pup form! Lowlander, by Kelpie from Hobe, own brother to Sccun dus, is a good' stricter and may keep going, but he has never been in a good position in a fast two mile race. There; too, is Woodlands, who wa3 never good over a mile and three-quarters. He went wrong in his legs, and was Bevcrely fired, which will not improve his chance. Kinsman won tho Hawkesbury Grand Handi cap last August, but has never run respectably since, though hewas running morethan decently in the Metropolitan Stakes when ho met with a disappointment. Humor says he is in, or going into, the St. Alban's stable to bo trained. I thought he was at Mr. Eedfearn's, which is also near to Geelong. The rest are a sorry lot, and unless there be a good youngster our chance of holding tho Cup this year is a dis tant one. Wo will now pass on to the Sydney division, and seeing Chester's name conveniently placed not far down, will commence with him. All through hi3 career this horse has shown him Belf to be of the firut water, whether at two years, three, or later. He met with Borne ad versity in the spring at Kandwick, since which j time he has not started, and I am only pleased to find that both his owner and trainer took ; time by the forelock and temporarily removed ' him from the turf. It was a wise proceeding, ! and. due to so good a horse ; and the outcome . may be that he will return to the turf as well ' as ever, and should he do so he must always ! have a great chance. Then comes Martindale, who, with 8 st. 7 11-.,' was second to Petrea in the Sydney Gold Cup,' Below is Democrat, a winner of a Metropolitan Stakes, and another : in Scciindus. Then have we one of the most ' promising and rising horses now on tho turf in Lord Burghley, who ran vory well at the Sydney Spring Meeting thia year against ; Sb'ecundus in the Tr'ml Stakes, and again in the. Epsom Handicap' won by Sweetmeat, and he ' subsequently was second to Secundus in the Metropolitan Stakes, and ended by winning the Sydney Handicap, one mile and a-half. Our old friend Sweetmeat, too, is here, who ? ran, be it remembered, second in the fastest Melbourne Cup evor run by some seconds, \ having previously' beaten Secuudu3 and ' Swiveller at Wagga. Next to him ' stands Eapid Bay, who has boon some ! two or three years at the stud. He has been a long time in work and is doing well. He was sold from the St. Albans stable, and I under stood it to be said at the time that he had a peculiar temper ; all I know is he was very fast. I Cnlamia, a well-preserved horse, and a once winner of a Cup, also assists the strength of New South Wales, arid we have had good proof of what he can do, and may therefore do it again ; and lastly there is Andover, of whom it has been the fashion to say he cannot stay. Now I invariably find these non-stayers coming to the front. It means that all horse3 are non stayers under heavy burdens, but according to the removal of these burdens so does their speed increase, and their powers of endurance grow stronger. We know Andover for an im mense mile and a half horse, so he may yet be able to get another half mile. Avernus will run for New South Wales too, so will that im postor, Auckland. Though here again I may be mistaken. He has deceived his stable often, but may redeem all and everything this time ; like Burwood, who threw over his stable several times, came out one day, spread eagled his field, and won a very fast race in a walk. Of the South Australian lot Banter, Darri well, First Water and Eivalry are all good property. The younger ones wo can say but little about, unless it be Royal Consort, who I hope we may see fit for the Derby. In this list is Richmond and. Bosworth, tho latter we must admit into our list of Victorian horses of the dangerous class, but not bo old Richmond, who, unless under a very light impost, cannot be expected to bo the Richmond of past years. Those who read tho above will, I think, agree with mo that, with few exceptions, our Victorian entry is indeed a weak one. 