" » MILL1 AN ARCADIAN REVENGE. Bx JAMES PAYN. " DEPEND upon it, my dear sir, there is a system of compensation: I, for example, occupy a position in the country beyond my talents, while you possess talents that are considerably above what is necessary-ahem -to a person of yonr condition of life." This amazing speech was addressed to me confidentially, in the smoking-room of our common club one night, by Mr. Dornoway Dicke, after we had dined together for the first time. It was late in August; the club was empty, and I had invited him to join tables, though I knew him to be an ass, rather than dine alone. The bad man may take a solitary meal without moral damage, and even to the public advantage, since the custom is unwholesome, and tends to shorten life; but to the good man it is harmful. His thoughts, constant as the needle to the pole to what is pure and good, are naturally attracted to himself, and his benevolent actions, his excellent motives, his whole blameless career, pass in review before his eyes, and he becomes self-conscious and self- complacent. Rather than run the risk of this, having ordered my own modest repast, I looked up at Domoway-Dicke, who, with his glass painfully fixed in his eye, Was scanning the same " limited carte" for the , day, in doubt (as I guessed) about the French ; dishes, and observed, '' Shall we dine to gether ?" and ho had replied, courteously, " Charmed, I am sure." As a matter of fact, Mr. Dornoway-Dieke was a man not easy to charm ; it was not in Genius (though up to that date I don't tbink it had ever tried it) to do eo ; and I believo even Beauty hetssll would have failed in tbu attempt, nnle&B-slie; had bad a title to back her. Mr. Dieke'e weakness was for a lord-a very common one, of course, but in his case nnasually pronounced. gjHis conversation was studded with titles as tho firmament ifi with stare; and ho was in respect to them what *Mr. Carlyle, in relation to spiritual things, calls "terribly at case in Zion" ; that iB, he was Bhoekingly inmiliar with earls and viscounts, while as to baronets, be would refer to them by their Christian names. To Bay that hia views npon nil matters were oommonplace would hove baeu flittering to his intelligence; they were conventional to sublimity. " Ghost stories are absurd," argnes Colo ridge, " because, though men tell ub they have had such an experience, if a man did really ever see what he actually bolieved to be a ghost, idiotoy would at once euper vene;" but I firmly believe that Dornoway Dicke would have seen a ghost without the least injury to his intellectual powers; not because he wna already an idiot, but (inde pendently of that) becauee bo unconventional a subject as tho supernatural had never entered his mind. If (he ghost had a title, tbengicdeed, an impression might have been made, but it would have been produced by bis temporal, not his spiritual, lordship. In all matters which exercise the human mind, from theology to American bowls, he took not Ihe'faintest interest; but I had been informed-and warned-that npon the subject of the dignity and position of the Dornoway-Dicko family bo conld and would bo very diffusa if you wwe not carefnl. He was a man, in phoit, to nod to, but not to speak with, unless the meanj of eBoape were handy. Still, late in August, at a London club, ono cannot afford to by particular, and having such *troa£ morel reasona for not dining alone, I bad to dins with Dornoway-Dioke. There was one circumstance, however, that really did attract me towards this gentleman, and made mo wish for a closer acquaintance. It was a much-debated question in the club whether he wore a ?wig or not, and I wanted to solve'it. If ho did do so (for even after dining with him I waa not sure), they were the best wigs that ever were. I Bay wigs, because ho must have had lots of them, for his hair was sometimes short and sometimes long, and sometimes just as it ought to bo in the case of ft fashionable young gentleman of fifty-four. For there was this disadvantage about the distinguished position of tho Domoway- Dicke family, that, being in the peerage-though it must bo confessed in a very remote and "presumptive" fashion tho maa'a age waa known to a nicety. There was then this point (as to his wig) to be cleared up, which promised me some little excitement, and I was also curioua to know whether he talked of '* the Land" as though it were alive, which I was assured he did. My information upon this point, as it turned out, was correct. The ono supremo effort of originality which Mr. Dornoway-Dicko had made was to per sonify the landed interest in this peculiar fashion. * " What tho Land wants, sir, lie would observe, very slowly and majestically (so that you had plenty of timo to suggest to yourself " top-dressing," "coprolites," and what not)-"what the Land wants, sir" (ho alwayB repeated this charming phrase), , " is fair play." j "The Land" wanted so many things in the course of our conversation at dinner that I had begun to think it some what exacting, and indeed to get a little impatient of Mr. DornowayJDicko himself. Bnt I am never, or at least hardly ever, die* courteous, and though bored to extremity, like a wooden ship, exposed to the action of the Teredo navalis, I endured it aa though I had been-made of iron. I had aeked the man to dinner, and in ono sense had certainly paid for it, so felt constrained by the duties of hospitality ttf be civil till the meal was oVbr. When it was finished, and we repaired to the smoking-room, I had no such soraplo. " The Yine," sajs the classic author," is the Evoker of Truth," and this is even still more the cage with the Cigar. Imagine, then, my indignation at that amazing remark of my companion. " I, for example, occupy a position in the country beyond my talents, while you possess talents that are considerably above what is necessary-ahem-to a person of your condition in life." " Pray," said I, " Mr. Dornoway-Dicke, confine your observations to yourself, as yon generally do. As to yonr talents, I have no reason to donbt your own modest estimation of them, but aa to your position in the conn.:;-, I was not aware that you had any." I hope 'bia was not rude. I spoke in the gentlest tones of which the human voice or at all events my voice-is capable, and In a manner that was certainly winnlDg, for I felt that I had scored. To my astonishment, Mr. Domoway-Dicke remained quite un ruffled ; he carelully removed the ash from the end of b's cigar with his signet-ring, and answered, quietly, almost humbly, " You quite miattke me. I said my position in the | country, of which, as yon tell me, you know nothing. You are not, theD, familiar with Mangelwnrztlahire J" " I waa certainly not. I bad heard of it, of course, but I felt myself fortunate in not having to spell it. " Ah t I thought BO," he continued, i blandly. Yon should come down to Dorno- j way Court and aee me at home. Then yon | would understand why I don't oftener viidt London. In town I am, comparatively speaking, nobody, bat is Mangelwarzelshire \- What do you «ay, now, to running down to ua for the first week in Septetcber 1" Five minntea before 1 should h&ve; said " No " without tlxe slightest hesitation; but the outrageous vanity of the man's manner \-----I I tickled me to the core. I felt ourious to see those natives of MaBgelwuraelshlre to whom Mr. Dornoway-Dicke appeared to bo & person of importance, and, moreover, I had not yet discovered whether he wore a wig or not. " Tfie worst part of a wig," says the old riddle, " aa of love, la the parting;" but Mr. Dornoway-Dicke'a parting was perfect, and so delicate that one would have almost eaid it had been effected by & female hand. Among the simpler inhabitants of Arcadia he might take loss extreme precautions to deceive the public; and h« certainly would not get his hair cut, if cut it ever was, so otten. "I will come to Dornoway Court with pleasure," I said; and on tho appointed day I went. Important aa my host's position in the i country may be, it ifl not xny intention to describe " Mr. Dornoway-Dicko at home," aa though he were a public character. Suffice it to Bay that he waa better at home than abroad (or at least, in London); and ca his family were pleasant people, and hia house full of cheerful company,'! did not regret aiy visit. The " Court," aa he loved to call it, was, however, so peculiar that I must, say a few words about it. It was the only edifice with wbich I am acquainted which gratified one's sense of humour. It w>a quit a *pick and-epan as mptcts uewueeB, but built and furnished in the medioval atylu. A gravel drive, rolled to perfection, led up to a frowning entrance, with a hug9 oaken portal, in which was inserted & little holu barred with iron for purposes of espial. ThrcuRu thia the porter was support d, (though lie never did it) to take cogdaauca of thu ap proaching viaitor, ana, if peaceful, to unbar the liiabsive hoite of the greui. door to lot hiui in. Everything in the boiue w;»a apparently of the same epoch, but in reality about three years old. In tho dining-room was a fireplaco as big bb au ordinary parlour, »ud before which one would not have been surprised to see a pair of trunk-hose airiogt or a couplo of jack-boots. The sideboard, to the modern and inartistic eye, resembled a kitchen d.ester s while in tho mornjrg- room was a spinning-^heel with the flax in It, as though the thrifty housewife had just been called awsy from that occupation to superin tend the construction cf a venison pasty, or ! to issue orders for tbo entertainment of tho company invited to tho morrow's tournament j j Tbose ridiculous objeots, aa I Boon die- i I covered, were designed to persuade the publio that tho Dornoway-Dickes themselves were medieval, and had resided at the " Court' for the last six hundred yeara. WhoroaB, as a matter of fact, they were ntw-comera. In tho country, even though you are distantly connected with the peerage, thiB is a Berious obeUoie to "position," and the whole of my hoBt'B gigantic intellect was concsntrated on attaining it. So had been " called upon" at once by every one in 'he county within a cirouit of »wenty«five wiles, except One. I write it reverentially with a capital 0, for it was " The Duke." I am not of course speaking of the late Duke of Wellington; in Mangelvjurzelehire, BB in every other county, the Duke was the duke who lived there-hie Grace of Tarniptops. This divinity was still a young, man, unmarried, and not muoh given to call on anybody; and for three long years all the efforts oj the Dornowfty-Diokoa hod been unavailing to induce him to honour the " Court" with Irs august proBence. Two months ago, however, ho bad Pont his card by a mounted messenger, and one month ago-oti, joy ol joys!-he had accepted an invitation to a gttrden pirty at tho house for one of the very daya on which I waa to remain Its guest. It was just after this gracious promise had been niven that Mr. Domoway-Dioke had made hia appearance at the club, snake airange menta with Guntor; and now thutl knew the circumstances, I was not only not surprised .L ;hw muguificenos of bis deportmeD; on that occasion, bur. nptonished th:.t lie should have been v.o affable &s; ht< VVUB. My private impression is that ho nskoii me down to Dornnway Court not so mueii from piiHunai j bffau'-ion as to stcuro an additional witness I to biB social triumph; but tbut is iiiitber hfci(; nor there. The Duke was comiun, and i the family weri; in a at&to; of excitement rare, I should hope, in Haciwtll. and not habitually exhibited even ut Broadmoor. The great eubjeot of dieontsion among tbem for weeks had been, who v:as to be invited to meet the Duke? aud it was not exhausted yet. Everybadj->?ho wan any body-had been askod except the Titbata; and the knotty point that could not be t.vitlfcd was whether thi.EC peoplu t-:huuld be afiked or not. Captain and Mrs. Titbat were thair immediate neighbours; their lawn tennis grounds were, in fao(, conliguouB, and tLe two families, though not absolutely on a fiitindly footing, v.ete wall known to one another. Young TitLat, whon a player was wanting, had sometimes even been invited to make up the party at their favcuito amu&emtnt; and when the balls went over the wire fence that separated the two domains, the juvenilo Titb.tla 'lid not pretend (as I'ooii! young people would) that they who leat, but would honestly chuok tbem back ag".ir. Still, tbe Titbate were not among the County FtwrnlitE, tier anything Hun i'. Their efforts-far more desperate i.hantr of the Dorr oway-Dickes-had miserably md utterly failed in that direction. It was not so much that their maneion was too smell to be reckoned as a country hous*5, that their paddock could not by cn.^ strain of courtesy be called a park, or that their orna mental lake wn? an undeniable pond. There was something amies-I never could find out what- about Mib. Titbat. She was a woman-1 once bbhtH her, and under circumstances I can never forp;t-o! largo proportions and hirsute aspect (indeed, she hud a very respectable beard); her complexion waa rubicund, and to the un charitable might seem to indicate that ahe . indulged in iiquor, though I never heard I that she did ao. Whatever wan wrong with her baif happened bo long ago tha*; it would have been much better and kinder of her fellow- creatures to have forgotten it. Bat the fact remained that Mrs. Tltbat was not " visited," nor would the Dornow?.y-D!ckw have dreamed of asking her to. their garden party exccpt for that continuity, to which I have referred, of their lawn-tennis grounds. The Duke, it was known, was dovoteid to the gam»; and if the two grounds could be thrown into one, it was felt by all the family that it would have been an imeans" improvement. This coul<3 scarcely be done, however, without asking Mrs. Titbat's permission, snd ; also ;the pleasure of hei company; and upon the whole it was judged best to leave matters aa tbey wer*. The wire fencing between the two lawns was so very slight that they really looked to be one and the tame, land as there was plenty of ground for the Duke to play upon, he would probably never discover that both the lawr-g did not belong to Dorno*»y Court. In the course of the intimacy that existed between the junior members of the two families, the young Dornoway-DickeB, with a frankness characteiiatic of their age, had told the young Titbats that tbe Duke was coming on Friday to play lawn tsnnis, but that none but tip-top (not Titbat) people were to be asked to meet him; nor was e^en this the worst, for. it had certainly been hinted by elder members of the family, in view of the suggested amalgamation of the tennis grounds, that such good neighbours as Captain and Mrs. Titbat would certainly be included in the invitation list. To explain what follows I .must add that Mrs. Titbat herself vu firmly persuaded that she would gaaaU, and waa transported with the idea of it; for tho being asked " to meet the Duke of Turniptops" (as was stated on the cards) was in Mangelwtnzelsbire like being presented at court, and at once both whitewashed aiad ;gilded the invited. One ® ^ear^ °f tho "o oi tho tigress when robbed of her young, bat what is that when compared with the state of miud of & lady of blemished reputation who had persuaded herself (hat it will bo rehabilitate3, nnd that in the most spleudid fashion, and then suddenly finds that she hns been tiven tho cold shoulder? Mrs. Titbat hud actually ordered a dreas from London iu which to appear before his Grace o! Turniptops, and tbe Bight of it, es it hung nscle?s in her wardrobe, envenomed kor whole being, though she had, worn it, and it had been tho garmoni of Nessus. She clutched tho skirts of Hope to the very last, tut when Friday morning arrived, and no invitation had come, it fled from hor soul, and was replaced by tho deaire for vengeance. If the Dornoway-Dickes could but havo known what was passing j in that injured lady's mind, they might I have been reminded of those warning:lines ''Lest wt«n OUT latest hope is fled, yo tasto of our despair, ^Aud learn by proof In somo wild hour how mucli tho Trrotchod ,'' ' or even if that quotation had not occurred ! to them, I am quito euro thoy would havo asked hor to their garden party even at that eleventh hour. The guests arrived,'and in due course -that io to eay, exceedingly late-the Duke. Tho meeting of his Grace and my host and hostess was positively allotting. I thought Mr. Dornoway-Dicko would never leave off shaking his hand, and that hia wife would have kissed it. However, ho got sway at last to luncheon. About two hundred people sat down to it, a select twenty on mediaeval ohairs. and tho rest on much mora comfortable but common ones. A dozen of the last had been bonowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her mistress's knowledge, from tho Titbatn. The host onjoyed himself as most people do under oimilar circumstances; that is to eay, he waa intensely miserabloacd anxious, but buoyed up by tho thought that it would all be over prosently, aud ho would havo " his friond tho Duke of Turniptops" io talk about for the rest of his natural life. After lanoheon wo all repaired to the lavra tennia ground. [ " What a capital lawn you havo 1" observed tho Dnko, "and what a yood plan that ia ol dividing your ground !" He was referring, of course, to the iron fencing. " It was a plan of my wife's," observed Mr. Dornoway-Dioke; for, as tho other lawn was vacant, there was roally no need to intimate that it belonged to eomebody else. A gilt youth of tha county aud one of its gilt young ladies were selected for one Bide, and bis Graco and MisB Dornoway-Dicke for the other. The rest of tho company stood . round in attitudea of rcspcctful admiration. They wero just about to begin when the Duko observod, "Hullo ! what tho douco is thisf" Tho exolamation was caused by tho appear onco of Mr a. Titbat, eplondidly attired, and followed by all her maid-scrvants; some of them carried baskets of linen, and olheiB lines and clothoB-propB. Iu tho courso of. a fow minutes the whole of tho Titbat family .linen was hanging on tho lino ; somo of tho i articles wero very pronounced in shape, anil became much more so when inflated by tho breeze, which aleo (aa they wero purposely hung oIOEO to the wiro fencing) carried their graceful folds right over the Duke's head. Tho game was begun, but presently an immense petticoat broke loose, and after eddying1 doubtfully for a fow momenta, settled upon the Duko himEelf, who emerged from it with difficulty, and with a frightful oieeration. Hs threw dewn hie rackcfc, and said eomething I could not catch; indeed, I fled into a neighbouiing arbour and gave myself up to aucb paroxysms of mirth as almost threatened me with dis solution. I waa conscious of great excitement among the company without, and heard what sounded like tho hurried departuro of somo of them, but I -was positively incapable of ascertaining what was going on. Tho vision of all Ifangelwurzelshiro's noblest as they stood around that fatal place, and pretended to ignore the foci that tho very firmament ;,was darkened above them by the Titbat family linen; and then the spectacle of that petticoat de scending upon his Graco's brow, and o£ himself emerging from it, wa3 always too much for me. I eat in tho arbour and fairly wept. Presently, after several eovero relapses, I becauio conscious of & companion. Beside mo eat a littlo man, bald as a knob on tho centre of a front door, and hwearing softly, and as it wero thought fully, to himself. It was only by his voico that I recognised Mr. Dercoway-Dicko! "My dear Dicke," I murmured, for I felt it necessary to say something, " why are jou horo ? why aro you not entertain ing -I did not venture to mention the Duke-"your guests ?M "He B gone," ho said. It was plain ho waa only thinking of ono of them. "It S>* account of that infernal Mrs. iitbat. It a her own petticoat; it's marked with an M and a T." ^ nodded, and held out my hand aa though to entreat him to Bparo himself the recital of the catastrophe. X felt ready to expire. " But are all the rest of tho people gone r' I murmured " What do I care? Yes. No. What a terrible day." " But, my dear Dicko," I said, beginning sincerely to pity him, "it will never dofor friends kere' you musfc nofc dcseityotu? " No, that's true," he answered, rising feebly and moving towards tho house. "But you have forgotten something." "HareIP What? Oh yes. mfw.'> It lay on the floor of the arbour where he had flung it in his frenzy. He stooped aud put It on mechanically and hind before. Ihis 1 ventured to remedy, and he thanked i me in feeling tonca. "Do you think ha I will over como again ?" he whispered, t^"He was YCry an^7- He | thought they wero our own clothes hung j JT df7' I showed him the M. and tho 1\. But ho would pay no attention. It is ! a dreadful blow." j And it really hurt poor Dornoway-Dicfco i exceedingly. Ho had not risen the next morning when I came up to town, and all j the family were very much oppressed, aa though there had been a death in the house. Ho has been to the club once since, id a more beautiful wig than ever* but of course it can never deceive mc. I asked, " How are all at home ?" ^ "Pretty well, I thank you," ho said; " that i«, as well as can be expected. He oaa never been near tho place since." Of course I know that by tho personal pronoun he meant " the Duke." A DUTnrauisHBD and long»-«inded Paris lawyer lately defended a criminal unsuccess fully, and at the end of the trial the judge received the following note: " The prisoner humbly prays that tiio time occupied by the plea of Uie Qoaneil (or the dsfqnoo be ooaut&d; in thQ sentence." 