THE NOVELIST. QUEEN COPHETUA. By R. E. FRANOILLON. CHAPTER 11.—(Continued.) And jet. apart from his having been both stranger and listener, he was nothing very alarming. Even while she had only room in her consciousness for herself, her eyes were quick enough to take a very fairly complete and accurate portrait'of the stranger without the help of her brain. He should have been the Tew Goblin who haunted Hillswick churchyard, con sidering the tricks he bad played upon her, first by nearly making her break her neck, and now by watching her while behaving like a child whose nurse has left it alone for a little while. But if he were the Yew Goblin, then the re ported appearance of the Yew Goblin very much belied him. Taller than her brother Alan, broader shouldered, wider chested, he looked as manly as a man may in a girl's eyes. He was leaning against the side of the door, but rather stiffly, as if at some time in his life he had been over drilled without having been long enough at the work to mako a soldier's bearing second nature to him; and this air of stiffness was rather in creased by the black frock-coat he wore but toned breast high. He can only be described shortly by a word which I fear Helen herself would not have scrupled to use, and which is, a "tswell." Though in Hillswick, which is very far indeed in more matters than mileB from the Row or the Boulevards, bis tightly- fitting coat was finished off by a lily of the valley over the heart. He wore patent-leather boots and a light-coloured scarf fastened by a gold and jewelled pin, and the hands that held his hat of elaborate gloss were covered by lavender gloves, fitting them as if they had been born on them. Had it not been so late in the day she would havetakenhim for a bridegroom who had come to meet his bride at the altar, and had madea mb take in the church. And it was almost disap pointing to find that his face matched his man liness of fignre mnch better than his out-of place elaboration of costume. He looked about thirty years old; bis features were firm aud pronounced, and his eyes grave to a point that was either sad or severe, with a sort of slow, in ward look in them which allowed him to regard intently without seeming to stare. They were rather fine eyes, of a dark grey, that seemed to have heat without light in them. His com plexion was of pale but clear and healthy brown; his hair also brown, rather too dark to match the eyes, and arranged as if he considered his coiffeur ns of equal importance with his tailor. Bis nose was good and straight; his chin slightly cleft and projecting; his mouth was nearly hidden by a long, tbick brown moustache, with long ends, in the Austrian fashion—the rest of his face was closely shaved with the best of razors. His general air was of grave and melan choly dignity compelled to submit to orthodox fashions, and making up its mind that, beiug in for a penny of fashion, the most philosophical thing was to coneidertself iu for a pound. :,Yet one would wager that the man hadjjbrains; and ore would be certain that, whatever brains he had, he gave himself credit for them all. Helen, after the one quick glance that took in the general effect of all these clothes and of the man who could not quite succeed in hiding him self among them, looked at her watch as if she had suddenly remembered an appointment, closed the organ, left her scat, and went, as quickly as it was possible to go without seeming frightened, to take advantage of the door which the stranger had discovered for her. But she knew all the while that she was colouring with vexation at having been caught at a fool's play, and that he saw her blush aB clearly as she could feel it, which only made her show her vexation ten times more in the same way. Hestood aside politely to let her pass, but said while she was passing— "Pardon me—I am a stranger in this country —can you tell me what is the meauiug of all this flower-show ?" She was afraid he was going to ask her if she generally played the organ without the bellows. But his question, which would have been com monplace but for its ignorance, was relieved still more by the grave courtesy and the gentle deference which he managed to throw into such trifliDg words. The voice also, without being deep or full, was very soft and pleasant, and struck her by a slight peculiarity of tone and accent, esuecislj" jq the words "a stranger." He showed no sign of having huuted up ft com monplace question on the spur of the momeut for the sake of trapping au attractive-looking giil into a word or two. "To-morrow is Easter Sunday," said she. "And we always remember Easier here." " I see. But you don't seem to have got on very far, considering that the suu's an early l)ird_ jost now. And it has struck me, while looking around, that this church wauts a brick layer more than a gardener." " It is a very old church, this at Hillswick," said Helen, " and old churches seldom look new —those who know them generally like them the better for lookiDg their age." She bent herself slightly by way of a good morning, and passed ont ot the gallery upon the dark stairs. " I wish to goodness I had known of these stairs before," thought she. "I don't think the man meant any impertinence—except to the chnrch; but if he ever goes to iDdia he won't want a punkah to keep him cool. I wonder who he can be, here in Hillswick, where nobody ever comes ? Well, thank beaven, I shall soon be at home now— and never, never will I get into mischief again, if I can help it, till next time. Ah, here's the door at last, and—Oh!" Her " Oh!" was a half-uttered exclamation of impatient despair. She was still in her prison —the door from the tower into the church, as well as that into the churchyard, was locked on the ontside. At any rate If it was locked on the inside the key was gone. Bnt how ? Could the stranger have ventured to walk into the tower, and to lock the door be hind him? And if so, why? He could not wish to carry off the bells. He could not be in tending to fortify himself in Hillswick Church to stand a siege—and yet what else eoold he have meant to do ? She began to feel really alarmed, and that she must do anything to escape now. Perhaps some of her strangely lazy fellow-workers of the morning might have retained at last; so she thumped with her fiat against the door. She hurt her hand a little against the jageed, rusty lock-plate, but nobody answered—and nobody answered, though she knocked agairi, and hart her hand a little more. Nobody could be there. It was only too clear that she was still in gaol, and that this stranger was her gaoler. That made her a great deal too angry even to remember that she had felt shy. She went fast up the dark stairs into the gallery, and—the stranger was gone. Conld he, in spite of his tailor, be the Yew Goblin after all ? And what bad become of all her friends ? She was getting bewildered. He conld not have passed her on the stairs, which were almost too narrow for one; he could not, any more than she, have escaped from the gallery by any other road without the help of wings or suicide. Again she went to the stairs. Of course! The stain led up as well as down. Thet would not help her escape, bat it wenld help her to find the hey. Go ebe went up the dark, twisted, narrowing flight towards the bel fry till the steps became so narrow as scarcely to give her half a foothold, until she found her self in a sort of room, or rather upon a kind of platform, with bells swinging above her head from which the ropes descended through a space in the middle of the platform to a lower floor. Plenty of light was admitted through four un glazed loop windows, one on each side of the square loft; and by the light she found the etranger again, absorbed in the contemplation of come old chests that had no doubt been stowed away as lnmber. " You will oblige me," said Helen," by giving me back the key of the steeple door. I want to leave the church, and if you have any right to the key ,yon can take it again when I am gone." "I wish I had it, mademoiselle, that I might have the pleasure of giving it to you—and I want to leave the church too, for there seems no way of getting any higher. Do you know if there is any way of getting to the top of the tower ? There ought to be a fine prospect" " You have not got the key.?" " No. You mean of the door at the bottom of these break-neck things that I suppose you call stsirs in this country ? I did observe a key when I came into the steeple, but it was outside the door—I had to unlock the door to get in here." " But—the door is locked now!" " Well—I have always observed that, when a door )b found locked, it has been locked by somebody; and as the key was outside, it has not been locked by you or I. I shouldn't wonder if that old gentleman could tell us something abont it who was going about as if he belonged to the church or else the church to him—only we haven't got him here to ask him, and if we had I would not engage to make him hear the question. I tried him once, and <1 did not suc ceed well enough to try again." "What—old Grimes has been here—and locking the doors?" " I don't know if his name is Grimes, but he hadn't much look of owning a better." 41 Oh, what does it all mean? 1 must leave the church—I must go heme. He cannot have been locking up till all the work was finished— and now it must be nearly five, and not a soul has been near the place since half-past two." " There does seem something uncanny about this church," he said, looking round him a little absently. "I thought so myself as soon as I came in. I think we will both go down, and you can show me the way by which you got into the steeple, as there seems to be more than one. I suppose you are not bound to get out my way ? And even if the whole place is locked up, I never found much difficulty in getting out on level ground. If a door's too tough, one can always break a window." Her anxiety did not prevent her noticing that, the more the young man spoke the more his manner, and even his expression, seemed to gain — and not only in attractiveness, but in power. His manner, a little self-conscious at first, fell into a simple self-possession which even took the raw edge off his clotheB, and which was evi dently natural to him; he had not yet wholly smiled, but every now and then the light of a grave half smile came into his eyes, and was the more winning and trustworthy for being confined to his eyes only. He had, too, a way as if he were one of a company of three instead of two, speaking of himself ss well as to her in his slow, rather long-drawn accent which became more strongly marked as he went on, and which seemed to give an aroma of possible humour to his simplest words. " My way ?" asked Helen. " Through the gallery door" "Then we will go out through the gallery door. Hr. Grimes has not locked that" " But the door from the gallery was locked long and long ago—if I could have got out that way would I have troubled you for the key of the tower ? The gallery door has been locked all day" " On the outside ?" " Of course on the outside," she said impa tiently. " I have not the key." "This seems a circumstance to be thought over," he said, playing with one of the bell ropes and looking, half gravely, half curiously, through her with thoBe eyes of his that seemed more than ever to have the faculty of being able to look their fill without even a suggestion of offending or a tinge of discourtesy. Perhaps it was because they seemed to be always seeing more than eyes can see. They were not eyes of the mesmeric sort—far from it; they implied no sort of conscious or unconscious power; they were eyes that any woman can feel she may trust as surely as a man believes he may trust a man's hand. "Yes," he went on; "I have known thinking bring one somewhere now and then—and even the wrong place is always some where. I come qnietly into a chnrob. No sooner am I in it than a garland of flowers falls from the roof at my feet, a hammer on the top of my head—hard; and a long ladder from heaven, no, not heaven, knows where nearly crushes me as if I were Samson making sport for the Philistines. Z look round, and find wreaths and crosses and nosegays stuck about all over a sober old church without rhyme or reason, and nobody to put them there but a deaf old man. Afraid that the fall of another nosegay may bring down another hammer or ladder on my head—as it seems to rain such things here; and that is why I ob served that this church wants a bricklayer—I turn into the steeple. I find my way into a gallery where I find a young lady playing the lltnsic of the Spheres on an organ. It is the pe culiarity of the Music of the Spheres that no body can hear it withont a special philosophical training, including silence on one's own part for seven years, and a long abstinence from peas and beans. I have had no such training, am not a silent man, and like green peas above all things. The effect is that I find myself in the case of Mr. Grimes. Then I find myself locked into the steeple. And then I discover that the young lady who plays the symphony of the seven stars did not reach the organ loft by the steeple but through a door which has not been unlocked all day. Mademoiselle—since I know not what else to call you—I can ^uite understand that one who performs the Music of the Spheres in a church that rains roses and hammers, and locks its own doors, should be able to transport herself from the floor to the gallery without stairs, ele vators, or wings. The thing that does puzzle me is that she should find any difficulty in get ting down again." He spoke more and more gravely as he went en; but as bis gravity grew so did the smile within his eyes. Helen was as ready to rise at a joke as a trout at one of her father's flies; and at any rate the stranger was not going to eat her. _He seemed exceedingly hnman, in his own peculiar style, and his clothes provided the weak point which a woman needs in a man in order to feel at eaBe with him. He was at any rate a gentleman—so certainty, in spite of his foibles, that she did not trouble to ask herself whether he was one or no. She could not help colouring when he spoke of her silent music—all the more because it had been in its way real music to her —but, even with the blush, her laugh came back to her. "And TP said she,w have had my adventures too—but I am clad your hat was off when the hammer fell; It might have been hnrt badly. Yon must have thought it all very strange! But it is not so strange as to ace a p'ranger in Hillswick Church, after all.'' -WeiJ, yes, IroppoMffiDfflrieltMnotmwA the straight road to anywhere. But I doubt if I'm nmch more a stranger than you. You are the OTganlsVX conclude? or the school teacher ?" • Helen had been taught, when a little girl, that it is rnde to ask questions, and though she had never consistently followed the precept, it seemed to her that it was a good one, and that the stranger's education could not have been wholly that of a gentleman. It is true that he asked the question in as simply courteous a manner as such a question allowed; but surely, if a thirst for information worthy of Hillswick itself compelled him to put it, he might at any rate have supposed Miss Reid, of Oopleston, to be at least a vicar's daughter. But perhaps, after all, the man, young as he was, claimed the privileges of a professed character; in that ease be had exposed another weak point, which enabled her to deal with him from a still higher level thin before, , ,, . , . " Oh," said she, " I don't think your few minutes in the steeple can make you much less of a stranger than I am, though I have not been here loDger than since I was born." " Here—in the belfry ? I see—that accounts for your having come here without having to trouble a door that has been locked einee yes terday—since last Sunday for aught I know. But—you cannot have been born—not even in the belfry—so very loBg agoi while I, I have belonged to Hillswick for nearly four hundred ^ She could not help makings curtsey. "I ask you a thousand pardons—I did not know I had the honour of speaking with a Gnost/'said she. "Audi," he said, answering her with a bow, " have only just found out that I have the ploa Bure of speaking with a Glockendame, as the Germans say—that is to ssy the Lady, or Spirit^ of the Bells. As you are aware, she is ft goed spirit, who shares all human jovs and sorrows— births, marriages, deaths—all of them, and blesses them all with sympathy. Bhe is a sweet, true, and lovely spirit, and happy is the ghost who meets with her." His speech might be taken for one or tnose monstrous compliments which, when paid by a stranger to a straDger, have to hide their heads nnder a jest or a myth in order to reach their aim. To amuse himself at the expense of a village schoolmistress with whom he found him self locked up in a steeple, might possibly be esteemed befitting a gentleman in some world to which she did not belong ; and what made her a little more suspicious was that she knew a good deal of German folk-lore, but had never heard of the Glockendame, whose name, besides, had rather an impromptu flavour. But any such suspicion died before it wes more than a shadow. His words were accompanied by_no ntimiga of look or tone; voice and eyes alike became graver; he spoke as if stating the sim plest of facts or indulging aloud in the simplest of passing fancies; indeed, be scarcely looked at her as be came to an end of his legend, and went on playing with the bell and speaking as if be bad said nothing at all. " And so," he said, looking at her again with the half light in his eyes, " I look to you for as much sympathy as is due to a ghost from a Glockendame* You are surprised to heat of my ' belonging to Hillswick for nearly four hundred veara ?" "Not at all," said Helen. "The world is nearly six thousand years old." "True—but I can't pretend to a Welsh, pedi gree, which classes Noah's Ark among such modern inventions as cigar ships and monitors. Did you, in your bell-tower, ever hear of the Waldrons of Oopleston ?" "The Waldrons? Of Oopleston? Why"-— "Of course you have; you must have rung at the births, christenings, marriages, comings of age, and deaths of generations of them. We've been talking of strange things; hut I can't tell you how strange it is to find myself here, at Hillswick, in England; a foreigner, from a far-off conntry, but just as truly at home among the graves of my fathers or 1 should say, of my grandfathers and great grandfathers, as if—no, more truly than if I were in any other place in all the world. One can't help talking at such times, and in this dilapidated old barn, where it rains hammers and nails, I feel like—like—a Jew oat of Houndsditch suddenly pitchforked into Jeru salem. I do think he'd feel something more than sixty per cent then. That's why I wanted to get on the top of the steeple—I wanted to see the old place all at once, all round. I do believe, to-day, that I was here not far from a hundred years ago, and that I know every old stick and stone, with the names that the hobnails of country yokels haven't been able to wear away out of mind, better than old Grimes—and he looks as if he ought to remember most things." " Do yon mean that your name is Waldron?" ' aBked Helen, who conld hardly connect this sudden bunt of enthusiasm with ber previous ideas of this exceedingly self- possessed young num. " And yon are not an Englishman ?" "I am American, and my name is Victor Waldron," he said simply. " I was born in New Yotk, and my father and mother in Baltimore; and I've never been in England till three weeks ago. Bat there's something in the air of this I tumble-down old place that makes me feel an Englishman to the backbone." " I thought—I thought the Waldrons were all dead and gone long ago," said Helen. " But well, I am glad they're not, all of them, for indeed, though we're strangers and I'm no Glockendame, I do understand. Yes—it must indeed he strange for you to be in Hillswick— you, on Amerioan Waldron:—and I suppose you will want to see Oopleston, too ?" " Ah, yes, Oopleston! Who lives at Oopleston P°'Mifr- Eeid—my father j I am Miss Helen Reid, of Oopleston." His more than touch of enthusiasm, quite ill enough expressed to be spontaneous and genuine, touched a very sym pathetic chord in HeleD, and made her forget even his boots, gloves, and hair. There was romance, too, in the notion of one of the dead and forgotten Waldrons coming all the way from the other side of the world to see the old home and the old graves, and in her happening to meet with him. It was not a case for mere politeness; it was a case for the frankest hos pitable impulse, if ever there was one. No shy ne8s conld keep her from holding out a hand of the welcome that was due from a Reid to a Waldron. She held out hers with a warm smile and said:— "Welcome to Hillswick, now—you must let us say to Oopleston very soon. There is not much there to interest anybody else, but of course it will interest yon, and my father, and my mother too, will he glad to see yon. Yon must not pass the old house without taking away some recollection of the people who live there now; and if there is anything my father.or my brother can do for you, I am sure they wilt. They are great fishermen; are yon one? And where are yon staying, and how long do you He took her hand, in as frank and friendly a fashion as she had given it, and held it a moment. "I certainly shall not pass by Oople ston without knocking at the dsor. You are right, Miw Beid; your house interests me as much as Sbakspere's, which I have seen. Per haps yon think it odd in an Amerioan to take so much interest in his pedigree, but irs a fact, and perhaps it isn't so odd after all. I don't know that I'm much of a fisherman, bnt I m i gepd hapd Pt pthey sorts of loafing when I'm cn a holiday, as I am now, and don't want much looking after. I don't know how long I shall he about here—just long enough, I suppose, to make myself wish it were longer; I'm staying with my friend Skull—Gideon Skull. Do you know him ?" " Skull is the name of our clergyman; but I never heard of a Gideon Skull." "Ah, I've sometimes fancied there was some thing about my friend Gideon that made him shy of his relations, and that might make his lelations shy of him. But he's a right down good fellow, is Gideon Skull; and when I heard be was coming to London on business, and that he would take the chance of looking up bis nncle, the minister, and that that uncle lived at Hillswick—our family Mecea, yon know, Miss Eeid—I didn't think twice about it, but took passage with him, and here I am. Always act on impulse, Miss Eeid; you won't often regret it, and if you do, you may be sure you'd have regretted not acting on it still more. All 1 can say is, if you don't know Gideon Skull you don't know the finest product of your own country. Yes—I like Gideon. I can't say I make much account of your minister, and I expect the less I hear of his sermons the better pleased with him I shall be. But the question is" "I know of only one question just now, Mr. Waldron, and that is, how we are to get out again ?" "Ah! 1 bad forgotten that; I have hardly had time to realise that you are Miss Eeid and not the Glocktndame. Yes; we must both of us get out, I suppose. And, as you say, the ques tion is how we are to get through looked doors without keys or through windows without wings. . . . Let me see . . . Ah, I have it! What's the use of being in a belfry with a rope in one's very fingers if one doesn't" "Oh—please—pray, No!—You don't know Hillswick and I do" All Hillswick knew she had contrived to stay in church all alone; what would all Hillswick say if summoned by a bell to find the wreath, her pretext, nnhuDg, and herself locked up in the steeple with a stranger ? One did not need innocence, one needed downright idiocy at Hillswick not to know Jaud dread the wagging of the public tongue. But before she could finish her last word the deepest bell had tolled. " Oh, Mr. Waldron," she cried out, " what have you done now!" " Upon my soul, I do believe this church is enchanted!" said he. " I was going to pull that bell—but on my honour the rope drew itself down through my fingers before I had time to tighten them." He took his fingers away from the rope altogether, and stood looking from it to her in real surprise. " You may not be the Glockendame, but she must be here, all the same." " But you must have done it without knowing it," said she, beginning to be impressed in the darkening twilight with a strange sort of awe. "Bells don't toll themselves without hands." " Why not—when hammers can fall on one's bead without being thrown? And when young ladies ean unlock doors without keys? And play the organ without wind ? On my honour I did not stir the bell. And—there!" And, Bure enough, though his hands were far enough from the rope this time, the same deep bell tolled again. "That is the way they toll here when some body is dead or dyiDg !"said she. " You mean the Passing Bell ? Yes—I have heard ot that," said Victor Waldron. " Then— somebody must be dead or dying, I suppose. Look here, Miss Eeid—down through the floor. There is somebody pulling below—and there, it sounds again! Is that old Grimes? Then do at once as I bid you—he can't have come in here to toll the bell without unlocking the steeple door and the church door too. Eun down as qnick as you can, and then run out and run home. Whoever's dead has chosen a good time. I'd offer to see you safe,but I know what was in your mind when you asked me not to ring, and one hasn't got to come to the old country to find ont what gossip means. Ill call at Cnpleston, and I do hope we shall meet again. Meantime I'll stay here and make friends with Mr. Grimes. Good-night, Miss Eeid—my welcome to the old home has been a pleasant one." "Thank you—Yes, I will go," said Helen. " Good-night—no doubt we shall meet again." Off she went, too thankful for her chance of freedom, whatever the cause, to delay seizing it by another word. 