; tSb.d'ivine nature. Bt tub Rbv. J. Lhifcjiild, t/.#. .Vpirtai:0ri of tbo DIvino Xaturo.-2 rotor i., 4. ; H TOST of tho epistles of tho Now Testament (VI. begin with a brief description of tho fcaoter of tho persona to whom they tiro ad JlSiitJ Sketches are given of tho most SWnH«itflreM'"%ir^!Kiou% fawcter Sd experience, reminding thorn of too great work that had boon wrought in them by their KUM- tionof the Christian doctrines and of their Snterertin the further communications about to be mode to thorn, relating to their moral conduct, their spiritual attainments, and their fntuis prospecta. Thus, in one epintle, suob totsouB are addressed as those to whom the Mitel had dome, ''not In word only, but also Kei-, Arid *Hh .tho Holy Ghost, and in . liM'-dsiiltafacb." . In aaothef', as thflso who had been " qniokened, though foriherly dead in trespasses and sins." They aro described in others as " saints and faithful brethren in Christ Jesus;" and hero tho Apostlo Peter maoomtes the Christiana to whom ho writes irith himself, in " the faith and righteousness of Jesus Christ j" and exhorts them to follow if tor'gr eater proficiency in the divino llfo, assur Si thqra of necessary means and resources wjkg fiirniSbed for this purpose, since they Hid glfeady beoii iikdti " pdrtalterd of " tho divine nature, having escaped tho corruption that is in the world through lust." •' Let all who read tho epistles attend to these characteristics in ordor to ascertain whether they hive anything answering to tho desciip tions contained in them; and if they find it to ha ao, let them look upon tho epistle as belong ing to themselves: as much so, aa if it had ' Veen addressed to them by name, with a des cription of their plaoe of abode. But should • tlae; not.find all these characteristics in them selves, etill let. them read, that they may be W'om tb ("eek after the requisite qualifications, jSst by tlio grace of God bestowed oil them not rest srttitf^od till they ,rilao be come,"partakers of the divino natiirtj-"* It u of this divine nature, of which all rege nerate persons are and must bo tho recipients, that I propose now to treat. ,7(l.) Let us inquire, then, with all serious ness ani simplicity of mind, what is meant in Scripture by that diiins nature, of which all Ghnltkns are said to be partakers; Obvlpusly, aefei .nBt .meani thit itny new pQwera or faculties afe coinmiinicated to them, but only the infusion of new qualities into thoso which they already possess,—new directions or ri bias in reference to spiritual operations and objects. • Though in some parts of tho New Testament, ind .even of tho Old, tho production of such effects is called a ercaiion, as whero tho Psalmist prays," oreate in me a clean heart, O God, and • ttns* a fight spirit within mo;'' and also 1 fcfiSfe the apoitle Bpeajta of being "created toew in Christ Jesus," tho term is employed, hot in the primary but in the secondary sense • Mas Signifying the production of something Hp bf nothing, but as putting into a now etato of operation and arrangement what was alroudy in existence. For so Moses himself uSea tho word oreation in reference to tho formation of this orderly and beautiful world out of the original chaos. . . The production of this new and divine nature, therefore, ia expressed with a greater exacti ■ tude of phrase in other parts of Scripture, where it is-called a restoration or renowal"who hath saved ue by tho washing of regeneration, anirenewing of tho Holy Ghost:" "renewed to the Imago of God in righteousnoss and truo holiness " Here the allusion is plainly' to tho itate of reotitude and holiness in whioh man wasoreated, from which ho fell by tmnsgres Uon, bringing disordor into his whole nature and constitution. Out of this disordor, in Wuoh_we aro born, as his offspring, no power can raise ub^ but that which made us at firat. jaow this ia dono by tho formation of tho cuviae nature again within us. Thus, by the redemption of Christ wo aro restored to tho favour of God, of which Adam, by his fall had deprived us; while by tho apirit of grace JWucb he has procured, wo aro renewed again la his image. Tho crown is thus a second ' !„^P«tU.P.0,5OUr.hoad- Whut w° bad lost in Uie erst Adam, ib made up, and moro than made up, to us in tho second. Behold, then, lt%^,rPi°L8,nCB> audtho munifold wisdom of God. Behold, and «lot wonder still with gratitude arise, and reach the noblest strain! Mtn™ t 7 .. Participation of . the divine mrnri^!Diavla'wocaI1 properly understand fo™ »8. dignity und glory. N0 man cau wWh fl. « \ of. tho im"K'no of God in hnt L i. m!in 18 6aid t0 lmvo heen mado, ' a portion of that imago by, graco- Who can under crejipan i" n"t"ro' uni1 »U tho idiosyn Stbn E '"'tle9 °f 01,14 uaturu nad that naftU j8u0wii 80U who participates in Ptoutorit!™ » , 1-only t0 ndvert to thoso fueh,"K.in himself, and draw S i ,['UdT« • so is it that tatea 'ua tl!? ^°U to 118 Menoaa capari heiirlit^f our eontomplation to tho kM dMM„0Z)0r'8j\nl fr0m whoiu:0 our n»t»™ tot Ml. ' an " da8hod> and broken by nm°bvYhn>'Mie'''l'n "10 "crod writers toft.v,n° wo must advert in ((vera? chosen cP'thota by which •"'"t fte c&f11;, ," desie"?ted- Wo may their natural -.I030: ,ln'l view thorn: in their collated «K1,ll"mtQ 1,.nP°rt! «"<V by KBceution r\t , n a just and proper ?tlaaof what 13 intended.. Even thwo •who participate not in the blessing iiiHf if ft-id a genoral approhenBion of its nature, while those who do will attain to a much more correct and definite idea. Tho number and weight of the opithotd themselves attach an immense im portance to tho subject, elntfo it is not conceiv able that wliut is so frequently and furiously brought beforo us can bo deemed of Blight and trivial consequenco. Lot us ponder, then, in dovout and profound meditation on what has fallen from tho lipu of our divino Teacher, and the pens of his inspired Apostles, in relation to this thomo. Lot us, attend, in tho first plsoo, to the aesigfiacion of this new nature which our Lord employed ill his conference with Nico doipus. That vonerqblo JfsferatfgC aCcoilod him da ff divine Teacher, proved to be so by his miraculous powers. Ho sought tho. inter view on pilfpVss to be made acquainted with the precise naturo ahd CThrract6r of Christ's religion. Our Lord commonccs with no secondary mattor, but goes at onoe to tho centre of his doctrine, which had afterwards to bo more fully mado known and expounded. Tho kingdom I am como to establish, says he, mtiSt t'o bntored by a iraw sinTH: " Except a man bo born of' wfitM afld, of .tho Spirit, he can not boo the Kingdom of Clod. To must be born again!" Ho prefaces it with tho ihlomh asseveration of verily, or amen, whioh ho_ re peats no less than three several times. And upon the learned Jew misapprehending him, and attachlug a carnal sense to tha birth of which he spake, he correote him, laying, in the clearest and plainest manner, that it was not .the birth of a man or a human being that he fip'okd of, bdt of his becoming a naw creature by a divino and spitlttial operation Upon his mind without which his natural birth) though repeated a thousand times, wonld effect no im provement. " That which is horn of the flesh is flesh," is a carnal nature; but " that which is born of tho spirit is spirit," a spiritual and holy production. Hero, then, this "divine nature," in ita origin and result, is set forth with n divine simplicity; and at the Same time with a divine certainty nfid authority. It is ascribed to a direct operation of the Holy Spirit upon the mind itself, changing its character, and making it of natural, spiritual; of carnal, holy; and of earthly, heavenly. As a birth it imports no transient act of the Spirit, penetrating hut little beneath the surface of the mind; but one entering into it, and issuing in a new and per manent produotion. A production preserved in tho soul by the same influence, and abiding in it as a new.power, to be there as long as the sottl shall last; being, indeed, identified with it, and made ah essential pBrt or quality of it. As a birth it included the completeness of all its parts, and hence receives the appellations elsewhere tft a flew ertaUIre, and a flew man la Christ Josns; but tforiiplete fit first only in the numerical sense of all its parts Of fduimffntal forms, yet advancing in growth and develop ment till it attains ita full perfection. To this tho same agency that originated it is con tinually requisite, and is graciously insured. God, who leaves nothing that he begins imper feet, will never leave the new spiritual creation till it is perfect., He will not forsake this work of his own hands. " He tbdt bdth begun a good work in you will perform it Uflto the day of Jesus Christ." Wo are renewed, therefore, more and more in the spirit of our mind: and as tho outward man perishetb, bo tho inward | man, we are assured, is renewed day by day. The prlnoiple of this inner birth is divine and as such imperishable. It is often Bpoken of in tho Scripture undor tbfl _ idea of a now and BrliUTt'iL Lira within ns. A life of itself, the seat Of which is in our natural and intellectual bring) though distinct from it in either view, and in no senait pfoduced by it or with it. It owns for its origin tho same (juiricening power as that of the new birth, boing one and the same thing, and though tho author of it is then tUotO nsunlly represented to he tho Son of God, than ths third person of tho Trinity, yet still it is by the same Spirit that ho forms it in our soul. " The first man Adam was made a living soul, the lost Adam was mado a quickening spirit." And " as the Father raiBeth up the dead and quickoneth them, even so the Son quickeneth whom he will." " And you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins." " The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they nro lifo." How positively does the groat Apostle speak of this spiritual life as an object ofhisown consciousnessf " I live, yet not I, but Christ livcth in mo, and tho life which I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of tho Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me." Tho same thing he pre dicates of tho Christians of Colosse, in the letter ho indites to them, and subsoribes with his own hand. " Yo aro dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall ws also appear with him in glory." Precious is ths life divine that thus unitos us to Christ, and which, like the flamo enkindled by the solar heat, aspires ever upwards to its source! But how is this lifo produced in us? What are its distinguishing properties f It derives its very namo from thn powor and energy which it imparts to our mental functions, as exercised upon invisible and spiritual objects. It is dif ferent from tho angelical life in this respect, though having roforenco to many of tho urns objects: adapting ita mode of operation by our faculties to their ordinary modo of acting in relation to other objects. Thoboliovor by his consciousness cf tho supernatural elevation and direction of his powers and faculties is sensible of a lifo within him, whioh onoo ho had not, nnd whioh ho finds not in othors around hiiu. It is lito in his understanding by which ho dearly and quiokly discerns spiritual things in n domonstrativo light;—life in his will, by which'ho ohoosos tho favour of God as his chief good;—lifo in his affections, by which ho oleaves especially to hcavonly things, in strong desire, and ardent hopo, and fervent love; oil of which, in their upward aspirations, leave earthly affections as well as earthly objeots far botow them. ' There is another expressive torm employed by tho authors of Scripture to bring bofore us this a imo " divino nature;" namely, Gon's iwaob, onatampcd upon "qs and wrought in us. In this hnago man is eaid to havo been origi nally created; and it is repeated, oa that which imparted the crowniug excellence to hia nature. Ho was a man without it, but fiat a righteous und godly man. "When, therefore, he /ell, this jewel of his nature was totally lost and became eitinct, and ho remaiued man only. But it was, in like manner, lost to all hie posterity. Yet, when wo aid Hm*5e partakers of tho divine nature this imago is formed again within us; for it is not au external resemblance, like that of Adam to God iu the spirituality cf his nature, and dominion over the creatures, aB some suppose: but tho spiritual signification of tho word image goes much deeper, and imports a participation of tho satro moral nature,- disposition, and character with tho beitifj whoso imago it is. " The Law," says tho Apostle, " was a shadow of good things to como; " it had a resemblance to them in several particulars," but not the Tcry image of the things;" it had nono of their peculiur pro perties. And that this is tho imago of God in which wo aro renewed by regeneration, is clear, from tho collocation of the terras among which tho word is employed—" renewed in knowledge, after tho imago of him that created him:"— 11 put on the new man which aftor God is created in righteouenese nnd Irue holinees; "— " to bo conformed to tho image of hie Son'* Wo read o! Christ that ho is " tho imago of tho inviaiblo God; tho brightness of the Father's glory, and the express imago of bis person." And the connection in which this is said shows that it wat meant to assert, not similitude merely, but samenoBS: the imago of him as a son is tho image of hie father, being possessed of the same identical nature and properties. With this accords tho title so frequently given, and so exclusively applied to him, of the 11 only begotten Son of the Father." He is tho essential image of God—the reflection of his essence to us, through whom the Deity makes himBeif manifest to us. Thro gh him he made man, and through bim he creates man anew in his image, namely, as it is reflected to us by bim, to whom, therefore, we look for our pattern. We aro, thne, the image of an image: he the original one, wo the deprived one from him The archetype after which man is made in the neW birth, is Christ, tho second Adam, the Lord from heafen} therefore, the new man is called the Christ in OS. Christ makes his likeness in the human heart i he everywhere begets himself again. The additional expres sions, 11 in righteousness and true holinees," dpnote, the one of the right relation between the jfowfts of the soul inwardly and outwardly towards men *fld circumstances; the other the integrity of the spiritual life, and piety to waids God, which it supposes; and both ^to gether complete the idea of moral perfection. Tho adjective " true" is applicable to both, and signifies not in appearance only, but in reality. As in Jesus there is nothing but reality; lip show, so he operates reality in all who are his. THe image, therefore, is a divine nature, not the divlmi nature; not God, but divine in the sense, Dot only of super-excel lence, but of its immediately heavenly origin and actual conformity to God. The partakers of a divine nature here are called in a parallel place, partakers of God's holiness. Yea, our Apostle himself calls npon believers to be holy, St He who hath called them is holy, with the very same jiolioWs of nature, without which holiness no man can see the Lord. The Scriptures, by the use of these terms, and I many other such, have left us at no loss to per- ] ceive what that is to which they ail refer under several aspects, as an opal of many dyes, a living light, a transforming energy, tho up springing of a fonntain of life in the soul, originating in the Godhead and leading the I soul back to' the Godhead again—a divine j rictHre. "(n.) Such is this, wonderful work of God upon the earth iu the souls of men. Let us now direct our attention to the proofs of the faot, and tho circumstances in connection with [ which this work is to be discerned. As to the fact itself, no one can doubt of it, who attends to what is said concerning it in the Scriptures, and to what takes place in some of tho living beiags around him. He may shut his eyes to it, as"unworthy of his solicitude. He may neglect to make patient inquiry into its evidenoes and appearances. But this is only to his own injury, without any impeachment of its reality, or of the validity of its evidences. ■ The sacred writers abound with allusions to it, in some form or other. They variously describe it; they speak of it as a subject of their own experience; they assert its indispen sable necessity to our present happiness and our future salvation. They will allow no one to consider himself a Christian who is thus not regenerated;—born of God by hia bpirit. They testify that " if any man have not tho Spirit of Christ"—have not his life-giving, hoty-making, hoavenward spirit,—" he is none of his." Liv ing exemplifications of it appear before us now in the world. Wo seo tho proofs of such a change being wrought in the naturo and character of an individual by tho fruits it pro duces. Ho takes no pleasure in those things which engage, engross, and faicinate those that belong to this earth, and which are agreeable to tho earthly and carnal nature. These ho discards, for his portion, and delights himself in things foreign to carnal tastes and apprehensions—things spiritual and invisible, and belonging to another world. Ho delights himself, in tho Lord, in his worship, and in his word. Ho esteems tho words of God's mouth more than his necessary focd. Ho delights in kecpiug his oommanduionts—iu doing his will from tho heart, aiid desiring to do it upon earth as it is done in heaven. Ho testifies to an enjoyment in these pursuits which leaves the mere gratifications of seuso, aad even of tho intellect, at an immeasurable distance. Whence is all this, but from the possession of a life different from that which he brought with him into tho world, from any thnt his uuaidod powers can attain, and from that which others enjoy who are not renewed in the spirit of thoir mind f He is twioo horn. His second oroation has taken place. Ho is "created anew in Christ Jesus, untogocd works which God hath before ordained that he eljould walk in them," And do wo pass all this by ?C Do wo think it not worth inquiring into, as to its nature^ its necessity, its attain* ablenesB by ub ? Brutish, animal, sensual men, indeed, bare no perception of its excellence, bat treat it with acorn ? Should this have any* weight with those of us who are capable of | serious thought and reflection ? And wbat thongh this work is often wrought in persons destitute vi all the advantages of natural birtb, education, rank, and condition in life ; docs this, which only illustrates the divine con descension, detract from its superlative excel j lonce ? Is the jewel of less value because of ! tho meanness of the casket in which it is de posited; or will it on this account be the lees prized by any one capable of judging of its nature and properties ? Lot us take care that we do not so slight heaven's choicest produc tion in-this our fallen world, lest that com mination be rendered applicable to us,— " Behold, ye despisers, and wonder and perish, for I work a work in your days, a Work which ye shall in nowise believe though a man declare: it unto you." 