: ' SP-0 BTINCV |: Could the lessee ensure as Jnterestmg.>au I sffcemobn's sport as that -which took plaeefUt Keaslngtou Park oh -Saturday . last- w; meetings in the vicinity Af the metronhhV would he -so.. popular with the lovers of the Sue/old British jpastime of facia,"' '"-f;oror.:" tunateiy, however, the lowering aspect of the wrtailier in the iofenooH' inlr.rfo'ryd con siderably 'with the /aehdaftee; ;ihtlref/-W Mr, Cox would have no occasion fcildoihplaid" of lack of patronage from the racing public. The incidents in connection- with'the Various' events-: have been o. imnutoly rechrded iri' another column said about hen t e&3er t-iji Heading of "Sporibi" Notes. " Alter almost a mint of money has been spent upon him, Devilshoof has at last managed to score a, win ; and it may here be very appropriately remarked that his present owner, Mr. "Harry Haines, seems to possess the faculty of winning races with other owners' " cast-offs," Haricot, Firebell, and now Devilshoof, being cases in point. J here is no reason why Devilshoof should not have a brilliant career over the "little sticks," as he possesses a fair turn of speed, and- being by the stoutly-bred Tregeagle from Black Gipsy, by " Fisherman from Gipsy, by Merry Monarch, ' he . ought to be a stayer. Dollar's victory, with 8st 101b, in the April Handicap shows what a fair second- rater in a moderate field can do over his favourite distance ; and as he was warmly supported by his owner and friends, the win was not a very palatable one with the members of the mystic circle. - Fitz and Franciscan succeeded in running into places, but when the pinch came nothing had the ghost of a chance with the speedy son of Lamplighter and Dollarina. . Passing by the A scramble" for the ponies, all that can he said about the Steeplechase is that, it was something of a farce, as three out of the four competitors fell, and thus Ace of Tiumps (late Chang), who. has long been suspected to be a " tf-aitist," had an inglorious victory. Ever since the horse ran so well at Warr- nambool last year some of the "knowing ones" have quietly supported him for every steeplechase in which he has been handi capped, under the impression that his day would eventually come ; but as he is now the property of Mr. Baldoek, and his desti nation probably India, backing him on this off chance has proved to be a very unprofit able investment. The Final Flutter was a bit of a surprise, as the South Australian bred two-year- old Patter, by Talk o' the Hill from Actress, by South Australian, gave her owner, Mr. L. L. Smith, another winning turn, and thus brought a fhsfc-class after noon's sport to a termination, i Pacing men who were at Randwick in the | Prophet's Sydney Cup year (1872) cannot yet have forgotten that hollow- backed, aged- locking gelding, old Prodigal, who won the Autumn Stakes on.' the first day of the meeting, and then wound up the proceedings by winning the Forced Handicap after a dead heat with Mr. Tait's three-year-old colt J.L., now at the stud in this colony. News has come to band that the old horse died at Loekyersleigb, near Goulbnrn (N.S. W . V, on the 3rd o? April last and as. he is another proof of the wonderful lasting .qualities of the Australian horse, of which lain ons "Old Jerrocks !! was such a noted f -prototype, he is worthy of more than passing j notice. Prodigal was bred in 1850, in Queens- land, by Messrs. C. and W. Halyon, > obinga station, and is stated by his owner tc have ! been by Beeza (imported Arab) out- of a mare i bj? Antelope, g d by St. John (imp. ), gg d ; by Dover (imp ). g g g d by ' Steel trqp (imp.). j Aike Old Jorrocks, be was for many years t used as a sic-ck hcrse, but was occasionally j pitted against anything in the shape of a j .racehorse that came in his way with marked j success, until 1S72, when he was, put in! training for the first time in his life for "the j Tirranna (near Goulburn) races. He was i then twenty-two years of age, but in that year he succeeded in winning no less than six races at Tirranna, Goulburn, and Randwick, beating amongst others in the Goulburn Maiden Plate the celebrated Dag worth and Clansman. In 1873 he won seven races, ens in 1874, two in 1875, when he was twenty- five years of age, and then, after being beaten three times in the following year, he hid farewell to the turf. J udging Jrom the pace he showed in the Forced Handicap in 1S72, < old "Prod." must have been a clinker in his youthful days, as will be conceded, when it is remembered that he. was then twenty-two years of age— rather late in the day for com mencing a career on the turf, and one cannot help sorrowing that it is now very difficult, if not impossible, to come across horses of the Jorro&ks; and Prodigal stamp. The well-bred horse Clarione, who has been standing for some time at Iderway, Queensland, died about three weeks ago. As he was by Kelpie' (imp. ) from Chalice (the dam of Circassian), by Scratch out cf Requiem, by Cap-a-pie out of Ithasca, by Dover (imp.) out of Penelope (imp.), his. death is a severe 'loss to his owner,' Mr. Caddeil. It will doubtless be remembered that, at the' settling over the late Randwick autumn ineeting, Mr. J. Silberberg, a bookmaker -well known some years agoin the Beech worth and Ovens district, was compelled to ask for tithe, having lost up wards of L4,000 over the , meeting. He immediately placed his book in the hands of the committee of Tattersall's club, and it is satisfactory to bp, able to state that, by the. sale of. his racehorses, etc., he has been enabled to discharge all his liabili ties . So many hard'ihingsfi&ve; been written and said about bookmakers, that it is only J fair to them to draw special attention, to the honourable conduct of one of their body. - which ought to. be appreciated.by backers of horses. It is stated that -Mr. Silberberg is , owed something like L2.0G0 in bete,/ LI, 500 of which has been standing over since the j VfR.C, Spring Meeting but, -after his late / j-run cf bad luck, he ought, to haye no diffi- i Pmby, in« constimg thepeater Hiihfc Ctubrpeeting qhthe Qhfeen'rBirifiday | >6 be 'attqnd toboumeiS blhbrsat i' Pips. oh Say next. 1 which' | Btne« are be mde wejthb HurdieRsc , of L50, Queen's Birthday' $tekes;-'pf : t|io? ' Open Steeplechase of L100, Corinthiah Flaf | cb.ofXSO, and Flylng&kbs; of L50.1 Full particular; as to conditions, etcT, -will -he' found jn the advertisement in tbefrdbk tikee of tins : |onrhal. ' | The ; numerous friends bfJMf-'-'8jihjtrd : Driver, the popular chairman Of Sydney I Tattersall's Club, will be glad to hear that he 'is recovering, though slowly.'--'"1 ' I The North- West Bend ; (r!outh -Australia) races came off on the 22 ud and 23 rd inst., but the only event of pa£smg interest ;ip", our readers was the fact that . old . Ji>arAie,- who must now be eighteen years of age, and once vrs$ a celebrity on. the South Australian tur.fi wpu the Selling Hack Race. ! . A" 1 The old Victorian cross- country celebrity WaiTior injared his leg in therlate Gawler Steeplechase, and has been turiied out of training for the present, and anofcher old steeplechase friend in Sheet Anchor is now . enjoying his ease' in one of Sir Thothas Elder's paddocks at Morphefctville. The settling over the lats Gawler(Soath Aus tralia) races was a very satisfactory one, and it is stated that the club has netted a profit of LI00 on the meeting, . The weights fpr: the Casterton handicaps, to be decided on the 19th and 20th of May, will be found in another column. A local contemporary announces that Mr. W. Halliday, of Birookong, has intimated his intention of presetting the Urana Turf dub with a gold cup, valued at 100 guineas, to bo run for at their next race- meeting. Sporting men and racehorses are already taking their departure for Adelaide forthe pur pose of assisting at the forthcoming Adelaide Racing Club and Queen's Birthday meetings, which are this year more than usually in teresting to turfites.. in this colony. On Saturday morning the steamship South Aus tralian took away the racehorses Belladrum, Richmond, Filibuster, Timothy, Glenorims- ton, and the two-year-olds Britannia and Trevellyan, for the purpose of fulfilling their respective engagements and though the steamer had a rather rough passage, the horses arriyed safe and sound at . their re spective destinations on Monday morning. . Entries close for the Portland Handicap and Handicap Hurdle Race to-day (Satur day) with the hon, secretary, Mr. J. R. Evans, at Mac's hotel, Portland. Sporting men will possibly recollect that at the Araiat race3, on the I2tH and. J3th; Feb ruary last. the principal events— the Ararat Cup and Publicans' Purse— yrere won by Mr. R. Howie's well-known mare -Bouquet, ? Dia mond and K K, being respecfcivelyfsecond in each event. After Bouquet's victory in the Cup, it was discovered that she had been en tered as a. five-year-old instead of ja six- yes r- old, and no end of trouble ensued, the mare ' running next day under protest for the Pub-" licans' Purse. Tbis race she also landed with the utmost ease, but as the bookmakers pru- deatiy made the proviso " first past the post," as far as regards the bets on that race the matter was at an end. Subsequent inquiries proved that Mr. R. Howie bad purchased her at auction at the Hamilton races, in De cember last, as a five-year- old, and of course entered her as such . for Ararat ; but as her breeder, Mr._ Skene, stated that she was a six- year- old, the committee of the V.R.C., to whom the matter was referred, had no other course left open to them" than to dis qualify her for both races, the stakes being accordingly awarded to Diamond aad' K.K, The question of bow bets were to go on the Ararat Cop had then to be settled, and at a recent meeting of the committee of Tatter sall's rooms it was decided that all bets on Bouquet were "off," presumably upon the' ground that "in all bets there must be a possibility to win when the bet is made," and it was decided that the backers of Diamond were entitled to receive their money. This decision has given great dissatisfaction to the backers of Bouquet, who believed that, fol lowing the precedent established by the Don Bilva case, the committee would have awarded - the bets to the Bouquet party, as "no fraud was intended," and, moreover, that it was incontestably proved that it was through no fault on the part , of Mr. Howie that he had wrongly nominated the mare. As the Don Silva case has often been quoted in connection witb the Ararat Gup dispute, it will be interesting to give the particulars in connection with that decision. At the first meeting of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, at Ballarat, in March, 1876, the Corinthian Fiat Race was won by Mr. J. O. Inglis's Don Silva, who was entered as a fonr-year-old, but that gentle- 1 man subsequently discovered that be had been misinformed, and that the horse in reality was a year younger. He returned the stakes to the club, and, with respect to the bets on that race, Tattersall's committee decided — "That, as no fraud waa intended, ; and as Bon Silva was actually handicapped at a higher weight than he would have been if correctly entered, and also that as no pro test had been made, the backers of Don Silva were entitled to their money." The only difference between the two cases is that .Don Silva was entered as a year older and Bouquet as twelve months younger than! they actually were, and the decision in the last- j named case will have the effect of strengthen ing the arguments of those who believe tbat the committee should strictly adhere to the rule that " the interests of the bets are in separable with the interests of the stakes," etC. : An adjourned meeting of the committee of the Sale Turf Olub was held on Saturday at the Royal Exchange hotel ; Mr. -L. Paterson in the chair. Mr. A, Smith, of Lindenow, - wrote complaining that astatement had been circulated by Mr. G. Ellis to the effect that his mare Ti$e, which ran at the last race- meeting, was four years old, and stating that be was prepared to make an affidavit that she I was foaled in 1877» and produce his stud j book. Tide was branded 77, and would not ; j be four years till August. _ Mr. Ellis being j unavoidably detained at Rosed ale, this I matter, as well as the further investigation of ite charge agajast the jockey Holstead.of interfering with the hurdles., was postponed till to-day (Saturday), ' A - lis a hbatly-got-up '.painfshlet contamin; the fist of nominations for 1881, 1882, anfi 1983. The nominations) for the:; Sixes' Produce Sfcabes; M82, number 158, and fpr the Mares' Produce, Stakes "of the same year 140 have ' beens placed oh the fist, while that of 1888: ; numbed. 241. ' , . . . . j l Tim _ attention of racing eommittse's' Ife ; otedtp.-a-letter from ".A Member of ;the V.R.G., in Another column,- with respect tb Por® encouragement to !fhe ownersr ,me? bf two-year-olds. As the writer has nad a lengthened experience as a racing mam his views are worthy of. attention. The nominations for the two Adelaide rahe- meetmgs closed on Tuesday last with the fob r S 'Adelaide5 Racing Club, : 7th and Sth .Ma-iad Handicap, & i«- Hfirdl Sf?' v ' 22 ; - Two ahd Three Year Old Stakes, 19 ; Steeplechase, 19 ; Corinthian Cup, 17 ; City Handicap,. Don e, ony non-acceptor for the tv- e 9®' leaving twelve in. Queen's Birthday Meetmg.— Sturt Stakes, ff; Rail way Plate, 4 ; Hurdles, 13 ; Maiden Plate, 4; Steeplechase, 16 ; Two-year-old Handicap 15 S.A.J.C. Handicap, 16. ' 1 The Adelaide Racing Club have removed the disqualifieatten from J. Watson, the well- known trainer and cross-country rider. On Monday morning, however, when schooling Day Star over the steeplechase jumps, the ' horse came down, .unfortunately putting out Watson's shoulder, and it will be" some time before he will ffe able to appear in the pig skin again. One of \the most popular steeplechase : meetings of the season is the one annually held at Warrnambool, under the auspices of the local racing club ; and it speaks well for the enterprise and spirit of the management that, notwithstanding the dulness of the times, they have been enabled to place before the -sporting publics very fair, two days' pro gramme, to be decided on the 2nd and 4th June. On the first day the sport' commences with the Maided Steeplechase of £40, and then comes the Handicap Hnrdle Race of £80, Handicap Flat Race of £40, and a Sell ing Hnrdle Race with a similar amount of added money. The gentleman riders will be able to don silk in the opening event on the second day, the .Amateur Hurdle Race ; and with the Grand National and two other events a fair day's sport will reward those who have joorneyed westward. The entries for the Handicap Hurdles, Steeplechases, and two Flat Races close on Tuesday, the 11th May, when it is to be hoped owners .will lend a helping hand in supporting the club in their endeavour to promote sporf. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club are in the field with a programme of events to be decided at Caulfield on the 1st July, Separa tion Day, and it will be observed that the committee has adopted several suggestions .lately thrown out in the sporting Press. The Hurdle Race, as usual, inaugurates 'the pro ceedings, and them comes the Amateur Flat Race, formerly known as the Corinthian Cup. One of the causes assigned for the smallness Of the fields in this class of races was the limited number of gentleman riders, but this objection is now, met by- the innovation that all qualified amateurs.will be allowed to ride dt the meeting: It -has often been urged that, were:a little more encouragement given to un tried steeplechase horses, gentlemen ' fond of the sport would be on the look- out foir horses likely to shine over the " big sticks," and ul-; fimately this would have the effect of swelling the fields in all the open cross-cqtuA ef eiiii. Actuated by a desire to give $he new idea a fair show, the committee hak placed a Maiden Steeplechase in their programme,) the condi tion of which is as follows : — A sweepstakes of 3 sovs. each, with 100 added. For all horses that have never won a steeplechase. Weights as follow Three yearsJlOsL 101b! ; four years, list. 91b. ;< five years, 12st. ; six years and aged, 12st. 41b: Horses that have never started in a steeplechase allowed 71b. The stake, as will thus be seen, is a very liberal one, and it is to be hoped that those who have been advocating a race iof de scription will not be backward in supporting the club. It is a pity,, however,, that the Open Steejftechase has disappeared from the programme, , as this event has always been a very popular one with the ' sporting and general public. The conditions of the Flat Race, the Victoria Gold Gup, and: Selling Stakes are the s&me; :as nsnal, and will doubtless find the customary amount of sup port from owners of horses. A nice little programme is announced to take place at Wyndham on Friday, 21st May, and owners will do well to pay it every atten tion. The programme consists of the Handi cap Hurdle Race, £40; Werrihee Park Handicap, £60 ; Maiden Plate, £25 ; Selling Stakes, £25 ; Wyndham Handicap, £80 ; and Handicap Steeplechase, £50. These prizes ought, to ensure good entries and a fair day's sport, and owners of horses will observe that the entries for the handicaps close on Mon day, 10th May. The attention of sporting men is directed to a capital programme of events which are announced to take place atTalbotf on Thurs- day, the 13th May next. ' Tie events to be decided are the ' Selling Hurdle Race, £30 ; Distance Handicap Trot, £25; the Talbot Handicap, £50; the Stewards' Cup, £25; the Handicap Hurdle Race, ! £50 ; and the Borough Handicap, £50. The conditions are, as usual with all meetings under the secretaryship of Mr. W. Buhlert, framed on a very liberal seale, and the entries for all the handicaps close on Monday next, the 3rd May. Mr. George Yowles will adjust the handicaps. . v;.'r: l The conditions of the Geelong Sires Pro- , duce Stakes of 1882, Mares' Produce Stakes -of 1883, and Mares' Produce Stakes of 1884, 1 are announced in out advertising columns, j and will nU doubt receive due attention fiom ' breeders and owners of horses. Foals bythe ' following eires' ?e eligible for the Produce < Stakes of 1882, wz. Hercules, Yattefiddn, j Irish King, Hamlet, -John Bull, G.B.FThe Steward, Gang Forward, Proto-Martyr' Slan- derer,The Marquis, Robinson Crusoe j Kilig Cole, Bethnal Gifeen, King of the Ring,Tnbal Cain, afid Horatio: ? The entries are to Close with - 'tlie Seciretary at 4 ; p.m. on Tuesday/the lst Jpne: . c , Tbd posfcppneiiienfc oi tboittsttWoAwaiof the f AuBtralian' Jockey Glnb fcnnaAlMtiet- ing w'as not very favour&blteikbd; hy tlie f bulk of owners Of hdrses and sporting i colony, , and the o ut come of this d issatisf ac- ) rionj;hf5fcebu m tabiing W;tbe"-SlTjfeti I lfiotioci by j. Ai Seirr1, 'the respected- \- hahdicaet" of tbe A'CH'M' That iff is7 \ ihhonslM«»tAvri%riile- 35 "td-|p6iar.one a race,; r meeting, eithKbefore after its commence-" jj men'kbepVffii -the grotiudOf urgent neces- l rityJ' Mri- Scstr U iiSbmovb "that the f following wqinds bd added to . rulo '35'i " Prfmded that, i f a postponfenint shall be' : necessary after » mce-meetiUgihas beten com- menced, each' sdnement shall b ;©nly from day to day'i"if » ike days orin ally ap- puintedannot be observed;" Of ceurSe, the stcwardB alohe bave the power to say whether there is any ' 1 urgeiit Aecessifcy" to postpone a meeting ; and kriCWing. as they must, that po3tpbninnente always injure a meeting, more especiftlly Af ter it has cornmefaced,n it is pretty safe -to litter that when they do sd'an " urgent necessity" has arisen. Seatr' addendum to rule 85 will com meiidi itself tb all who have studied the subject, and will doubtless be passed by a laie majority. r" ' »' Victorian sportmg men who ' have visited the race-meetings held in Tasmania during the last ten years will regret - to bear that Mr. W. J. Taylor (better kuowu in sporting circles as 4 4 Tarn o' Shanter''),of the T«m«reia« Mail,: has been "compelled to pay a Visit' to Queensland for the purpose of recruiting his impaired health. - Previous t.o his departure Mr. Taylor was presented with 'a handsome testimonial from the esipZoyes of the Hohart Town Mercury and. Tasmani&n; Mail, and also with L50 ' subscribed by the sporting com munity.: - ' ; On the second day of the Smith Canterbury races, at Timaru, the S.C.J.C; Handicap, of a mile and a half, was won by half a length by Mata in 2min. 45sec.», Betrayer being second, vand Titania third. Volunteer and Tera akioran. As Mata was carrying lOst, and conceding 271b to Betrayer, this was a brilliant performance. Camballo, the Victorian-bred horse, carrying 9st 3ib, and ridden by young Nolan, also won the .W inter Oats Handicap after an exciting race, beat ing Betrayer (3 yrs, 8st), Luna (5 yre, 6st), and York <4 yrs, 7st 2:b). The distance was a mile and a quarter, and the time 2min. 18sec. The committee of the Camperdown Ama teur Turf Club recently held a meeting, when it was stated.that fche total receipts in coi% nection with the late meeting amounted to L127 17s. Id., and the expenditure to1 L112 8s.: 6d., leaving a net profit off L15 8s. 7d. Adding the balance brought forward from last year, the total amount to the credit of the club is L4lM3s. 4d., a very tidy sum, towards the expenses of their next Boxing Day meeting. ; p , The local contemporary states' : — " The committee appointed to report on the condi tion of -the Portland racecourse visited the ground PUT Monday week last, when they de cided1 td recommend that the secretary be in- strueted to employ labour and obtain material for fencing theground, repairing the saddling paddock and stand, and levelling and clear- Ung the course: l These improvements will be proceeded with as -soon as the committee's report and recoihtnendation are adopted, and owners of horses. -can reckon on good ; ground to travel on,- while the public may depend pn every consideration being given : to their comfort and convenience." The annnal general meeting of the members -of the . Adelaide Tattersall's club was held on Tuesday, the 20th April, when there - were -ahoiit fifty members- present ; Mr. E.- M. Bagbt in the chair. The annual report and statement of accounts, which were adopted, showed that the club numbers 219 members, and that the amount received during the year; fbf subscription, etc., was.D3S5 lis. 2d. > Against this the expenditure has been L2S7 3s. 3d.'; , leaving a balance to- the credit of the clubqfT98 lOs. lld. The following com mittee was elected for the ensuing year Nlesrs. W. K.. Simms, (J. J. Goates, W. B. Rounsevell, W. Pile, P. F. Bonnin G. Ben nett, JS: aM. Bagot, H. Hughes, and E. G. Blackmbrei It -was'.tinanimously agreed that LlpO should be given from ihe funds to Mr. G. B;! Price in recogniriohpf . his services as honoritiy' seprety, . and. it Was decided that in ' future the "secretary should be a paid - officer, to be appointed by the council The affairs oi the once prosperbus Mudgee Turf Club are, we regfet to say, in a very disorganised state, j udgihg from the fact.that the .comimtted, a short time back, received notice frohr the/Bstnk.of New South Walfes to pay off thq .club's overdraft of , Li ,575 within a certain period . " ; The time having expired, the blub were last week SerVed with Supreme Court write for the deficiency. It will be remembereb that an action is pending in file Bupreme Court between Mr. James Wilson, the well-known hoipe-trainer, of Geelong, against Messrs. p.,:and J. C. Syme, for fibril, in, the Age ahJLeader. news papers, damage being £5,000. The libel complained of consisted in an article reflecting on the ginning .of ,the horses Petrea and Avernus at tbOAutumii Meeting of the Victoria Racing- ' Club, which horses wore the property of the Hon. W. J>- "Clarke. On Thursday an application was made by Mr. Williams, on behalf of the defendants, in Chambers, that the trial shpuld take place at Melbonme, instead of Geelong. Several ' reasons were gi ven in support, of the applica tion.'.: Dr. Dobsoh, for the plaintiff," urged that it; watiid: .be equaily inconvenient for his client to haVe thcJriap ih Melbourne as the dhndahfA :to it1' dtn belong. His Honour, consideandatat theV objections put forward- by the » odnnsehfor 'fint jff- in Mist Clib remmdAVus that h ''qawoh Is the handicapper of the clubAadL no t Mr/Vowlea. as mentioned in visual . 