[?] WINTER BUTTER MAKING. (By Henry Stewart, in Rural New Yorker.) TUE DAIRY. If tbo first requisite for good buttor is the ,oow, tho seoend is tho dniry room or house, ;for il is useless to proouro good milk, if it is spoiled in tho keeping. A dairy room should have ou oven temperaturo, and in tho winter may be kept at 45 to 50 dogroes. Ono that is partlyundergroundandhas au apartmentover it for churning and washing pans, oto., is preferable, as it will nood no artificial heating by a ntovo. I profor ono with briok walls, whito-washod with jimo, plastered overhead, aud with a oement or flagstone floor ; that has tho windows abovo ground and fooing tbo south and west ; tho windows oovorod with fino wiro gauzo outBido and hiugod at tlio top, so that they may bo opened by raising and hooking up tho sash. Tho window boing oloso to tho ooilingt ventilates tho room oom plotoly. My own aim in a dairy houso is a building having a briok basement in a hill side, with ico-houeo in tho rear, having a ohnto on tho bank through which to put in ioe ; and tho milk room in tho front, with poroh for airing tho oanB and pails. Over tho milk room shall bo tho chumiug and washing room, provided with a water heater, and with an elovator for pasBiug cream and buttor up and down, and stairs loading bulow ; also a sink wiih taps from a tank above. Ovor tho milk room shall ft a tank supplied from a woll, by a windmill overtopping the whole. From the tank, water may flow through a pipe into the rooms below, (or uso in washing pans or supplying water in oaso the submerged-can eyatom of selling tbo milk might be used at any time. A uiuk and drain may also he oarriod from the milk room. Tho lank will bo high enough to supply the house ond tho horn with water through pipes. Tho cost of tho wholo I oetimato to he about GOOilol. for a dairy of 50 cows, and no one can doubt that it will ho a profitable investment for tho maker of extra butter. THE OHDENING. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, over whioh lie, in pei' spective, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. Tho misery of a butter-maker is tho end less variety of churos. There nro many good churns, beginning with the old fashioned up-and-down ono, which recalls my boyhood whon I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, aud often waited throe hours ; for in those days tho whole milk was churned. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by tho old kitchen clock, whioh never varies from year's end to year's, end. But it is not from an up-and-down churn, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a 'rectangular' churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but ill such an excellent shape, being beat.n about by these proper angles, as to greatly luciuiitiLe une wasuuig and preparing of tho buttor. To particularise, let mo recall the churn ing of the 7th of January, 1SS0, because this was an eventful one, ond settled in my mind some questions whioh wero previously doubt ful to me. My orosabred three-year-old Jer sey and Ayrshire cow, Maida, had been freBh t.TOrt topr1,'H- nnd f.hta irno thn firaf nhnrninrr nf six days' milk. The cream — 12 quarts exactly — was turneS into tho reotangular ohurn aforesaid, and tho churn and oroam woro both at a temperature of 05 dogrees. After churning for eight minutes precisely, making 70 revolutions of the ohurn por minute, I was surprised to hear the ' slap dash' of tho buttermilk, and was moro than surprised on opening the churn to sc-e so magnificont a sample of butter. The mass of golden butter was in small grains from tho size of sago grains up to that of buck Ehot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in tho churn, with a small quantity of butter milk at tho bottom. The butter weighed lOi pounds. Tho result, 10J pounds of butter from 12 quarts of thick creain, churned in eight minutes, at a temperaturo of G5 degrees, settled somo points about whioh questions are frequently asltod. This ohurning out of the way the cream of two Ayrshire cows three-year-old, that have been milking 10 months and nro three in calf — 14 quarts in all — was put in the churn at a temperature of GO degrees. This I ohurned three hours patiently without break ing the oream, and was advised to throw the cream out as it was one of thoso messes which would never churn. Let us try some warm water. A qnart of hot water from the kettlo was thrown in, tho churn rotated, and in ono minute the batter came ; tho temperature in the churn then was 04 degrees. This also goes Borne way to Bettle another diflioulty in winter dairying, whioh oauses a great deal of trouble. If buttor comes at 64 or G5 degrees in a short time, and fails to oome at all at GO degreeB, this is a valuable fact to know. Another ohurning of Maida's oream of 1G quarts, from seven days' milk, produoes 14 pounds of butter in 12 minutes at a tempera ture of Go degrees, with several stoppages to watoh the progreBS, bo tuat eight quarts of nearly pure oream will make seven poundB of butter. CHUENS. The Tartars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep-skin bottle, which they tie to tho trundle and tako abrisk gallop for an hour or two ; on returning the butter is made. This is the original horse power churn. But its principle is clearly tho same as that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in whioh the contents aro dashed from one side to another to break up the butter globules. This is tho principle of all tho dashless churns of which eo many of such various shapes were shown at the lato International Dairy Pair. The peculiar action of these churns produces the butter in small globules, as above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can bo drawn off and the cold water Or brino introduced into the churn, and the butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns whioh I havo used, the ' Rectangular' pleases me the most, on account of its very oasy motion, its shape, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul tho butter, and chiefly on account of the oaso and perfection with whioh it can be cleansed, its quick ohurning, uuu uuu uicunem; snape in wnicn tne butter comes. colouring' butter. My ouBtomers are very exaoting people. They objeot to light-oolourod butter, and, liko the majority of consumers, they judge of butter by the eye as well as by tho flavour. Reoently the New York Farmers' Club ' reBo luted ' that colouring butter was a /rand and a praotioe to bo denounoed. Do thoBe farmers weor their oassitnorea of the natural shmijy oolour, or do they prefer them dyed ? Did they objeot to the oolouring of oleomargarine when they resoluted over that, and insist that that frnnrt nlinnlri hnny {(a rtnftivQin»ii»^ oolour? The faot is, butter is coloured because those who buy it will have it ooloured to BUit their taste ; and whilo coloured butter will sell the best, so long will butter bo ooloured. One teoapoonful of good liquid butter colouring in 12 gallons of oream is needed, oven with Jersey ooivb, in the winter, and for other oows twioo that quantity will be required to give a oolour somewhat lighter than that of a gold ooin. There is nothing about annatto that iB objeotionablo, and all the talk about ita filthy preparation is simply 'bosh' and false hood When oolour ia used it io best to put it into tho ohnrn, aud I do not find that it Iibb any ill effeot whotover ovon upon tho buttermilk, whioh is a pleasant, wholonomo artiolo of food whon tho milk is all right. BITTER CREAM. This reminds mo of tho many oomplaintB of hitter oroam in tho winter. This is oaused invariably, I believe, by something in tho food or in tho condition of the oow. Evory one knows how prevnlont that vilo plant, bittor-woed or rag-wood (Ambrosia artem isiiofolio) is, and how much of it is out with tlie seoond outtingof tbo meadows — tho muoh prnisod-for-huttor rowen hay. This wood will civo to milk, oroam, or buttor a vory bitter flavour, whioh no pioooss or aisguiBo oiui ooncoal. If turnips aro fid, I dofy any porBou to osoapo bitter oroam and ill- ilavourod buttor. Tho proaouoo of a honp of turnips ou my barn floor tbo past winter ho impregnated tho air, although nono woro foil, that tho milk waB perceptibly ilavourod by thom until thoy woro romovod. Fooding immediately altor or beforo milking is unavailing. Thoro aro oows whioh, from uorno peculiarity of condition, givo milk whioh turua bittor. Such oows should bo discardod from a wintor dairy as soon as tho fault is disoovorod, for thoy aro not healthy and thoir secretions aro not puro. The mixturo of a piuoh of saltpetre in a six quart pan of milk will romovo or dlsgtiiao this bitterness, I onuiiot say whioh. how hotter may be sroir.En. Good buttor may bo spoiled in tho ohurn ing. Over- churning ruins tho toxturo aud cliangos tho proper waxinoss to a disagree able, sticky grcasiuess. This is tho moro easily douo in tho churns witli rovolviug dashers, whioh will press tho buttor against tho side of tho churn and squeozo aud rub it until it is spoiled. Too long churning spoils tho quality by tho oxidation of tbo butter aud tho premature formation of slroug- llavourod acids iu it, llio full pre serving presence of which wo call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy toxturo aud flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may bo spoiled before tho oroam reaches tho churn by keeping this too long, or what is practically tho same, by keeping it in too warm a place ; 50 degrees is about the right temperaturo if cream is kept a week; if ifc is kept at 62 degrees, throe days are long enough. Whito specks are produced in buttor by over-churning, or by having tho eream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd in the millc, aud tho small flakes of this cannot bo washed out of tho butter. Milk from a cow in ill health, and that is acid whon drawn, will produce spooky butter. So will tho uso of 1 salt containing particles of limo, whioh unito with tho butter and form insolublo lime soap. Whito specks are covered up to' a largo extent by using good colouring, which is made of oil as thn solveiit. But this uso of a colouring, boing to disguise a fault and to add an uudeserved virtue, is J worthy of tho douuueiation of even tho( Farmer's Club... ' j 