Tfffir ST&IW-TELLER.; A JTO loilMi" By J. q. Fr, JOHNSON Atthob of ' On ihk Wamaby, 4 Over the Ibuh|»|. ' Chkistmas pxr Gakbinga, Etc. « ChAteB XXXY.- — Continued, lotta and fred AB1 e settled ib life. Captain Foringham and his son .made, all proper arrangements for the interment of their relative on the ffioixGW, %hd then the old gentleman retired4o his hotel to Teat. There a package of | letters awaited him, which%ad beenaccumulating for him at the station during his absence, ahd which George had sent a man out to obtain, as he and his father did not. intend to return until the, bc itlieiruhfortumite kinsman had been consignedtb the grave, ahd Arrangements could be made to take Liz home, with thehi. George returned to comfort his- affianced wife, and the old gentleman settled himself down quietly in his room to peruse his cor- respohaence. "Hiom was a considerable number of letters of one sort and another, mostly on business matters, and these the Captain went through fi|st,leaying two or three, the handwriting on which was unfamiliar to him, until the last.: With most of his correspondence we have nothing to Jo, but the two letters which he opened last are of interest. The first was dated from the Lachlan River, NewSouth Wales. In it the writer stated that he was acting for an old friend,- one William War- land, then living with him on his station, and .was. desiredto inform Captain Foring ham of whahHadJiappenefl to a man in whom he (theicaptain'topk anTnterest— John J epster, a hawker, living in Victoria, some months before. The writer then went on to tell of what had opcund on the night of the Attack, ' and how Jepster had confided the boy . to Warland. 4ith instructions to plape him in Captpin Foragham's chiarge, and of the boy's suDseqhent capture by Crosscut Dick. War- land, after he was left By the bushrangers, had followed the road for several miles, and then unfortunately tbok a woodcutter's track and went astray. Be wandered helplessly about for several days, bnt was providentially disooveredin an almost famishpdtoateby a cattle dog belonging to a party of overlanders, crf#hom Mr. ldeley the writer) was one, wtipjfhad brought cattle from the Lachlkn tp thediggings. Madeley and Walandwere olid frieads,:and the former hacLput the unfortu nate bU&djnaninto; the dray, and taken him witp. him.It was not until they were several day! on their journey fthat the poor; fellow had beennlde to clearly narrate the, facts of his He was most anxious, to Foringham . of what had taken jpiikpiLtqbeg that something might be done to learn the fate of Jepster and the boy. '"5' ' ' L ; '""V Ah, saidtbe old gentleman, with a sigh, I'm af laid I know tod well what was the fate of my poomld Mend. As for the boy, his f@ture $h&U; |ie mycare Well, let's Bee what we havp here,' / He took up a large, .official-looking en- = ilfr©fl Foribgham, Esq., ' LqtfjDap1miH.M.toFhpti5 f l-iliandowlaEstate, . -W estern District of Victoria, ; ' New South Wales, > Australia. It ought to be something remarkable" aft|r|l| efforfcof geniifeaid : jibe jjjftain, i returning tb his usualary sarcastic tone. 4 Let me see who is my accomplished corres pondent.' - He broke the seal, andjrfter reading a few Unes his face assumed a .most serious expres sion, and ha murmured > Poor old.fellow, I wish % had , been able to make friends ' With hith ' before He . went.' This was the letter - . 'Lmcoln'p Inn Fields, .London, ' 12th February, 1855. .. . . Sir, — W e have to apprise you of the death of your cousin Sir Francis Vane Foringham, Bart., whichevent took place at: Hailed ane Hall On Srd Februai y. You, being the next of kin, succeed to the title and estates. By a will; dated November, 1848;" excelrpt of which We enclose, the : deceased demised to ybnr«bh George W ilmott Forihghfcm the snm of L15J)(K). > he has also bequeathed to each o£;the daughters bf HislateiBbttsin, SirArthur Forjnham, the sum of L5,000. Will you b, good enough ; to. instruct us what your > wishes .are.! > Weaball be happy ' to continue' toacts soHcitorS tjbihe efetate 1 as bitherto, a; w?ll jffiat all is' kept in prpperoriler until we either see or hear from yon. — We aw,rSnr, , ; 1 .i ' 'Yburobedient servants, Werytoht and Burleigh.' 'Tp Sir Wilfred Foringham, Bart.' The old gfentleman aat in a meditative mood for'some time. - ! I I ' ip.net -re tlOtoe# -I suppose,' be mused. ' Gedrgfe'nnd LlA m bmarried at once. A cbltogteflfefebwonld. be giabd for the girl, and they '-ctftiitl1 hitffee it«€heiri wedding trip. About these WfiSfitbn. I'll take that boy Fred homejlhjpe>r or, better still per- haps, : jftt i Sydneyletting grown upt if be does i£yn the Sab>¥b&&him; manage it. As to the girl, £ must write to John < j£$teid mm t:« him for, he will he delighted to welcome his' -little- granddaughter ; for I know how he has felt theloss of. |ini lighter. Thank God, I havo hedn-able to nSBist in putting all matters on such a satisfactory fpojgqg. ; If pobjryqld Jack Jepster had only been spared, I should have little to regrjet t>r to wish for in this world; WeU; Isuppose. he is happier as it is. He would have no, fesff in crossing the dark portal — that J am SuVe of ; and he has now learn tail-that he wished to know. Well, 1 I'll see my"1 poor ' cousin properly buried to- morrojY, andb then bin to: make all the: arrangements for 6uf trip, and'thfe settlement' of the children, said that hard-faced, soft hearted old Irishwoman. 15 . ? v Chapter XXXVI. " i .< ' .... i . ' fc. jb. f: j persecuted mr. m'kay. " ' " We biit teach Bloody instructions, which, being taught, return To plague the invento- : this even- handed justice Commends the ingredients of our poisoned chalice To our own lips!" Macbeth. And years eame and went, and seasons changed, as did the conditions of life in the -Ausjbralias. The etraggling rush became the township, the township the hustling city. Civilisation was spreading through the length and breadth of the great island continent, now New Holland and ' world of undis- ; covered souls ' -no longer. The heyday of the diggings was passed and thousands of adven turous spirits had flocked, over. to the land of the Maori, to dispute With him its golden ; treasures. Mrs. Mack was comfortabTy settled at Willandonla, Fred was attending school at Sydney, hut each year he spent 'his Christ mas holidays with Ms two foster xnothers at : the station, for Mrs. O'Leary was, as she phrased it, ' still to the fore — hale and hearty,' and it was hard to say whether she ; or her somewhat jealous rival, the hard- featured old housekeeper, made the most of the handsome lad when he came to visit them. Old Mr. Hartland had opened his aims and heart to his little grand-daughter, and it was at the hospitable homestead of Nilnappina that Fred spent his midsummer vacation, where his old friend Lotta, fast growing a tall and beautiful maiden, welcomed him most heartily. 1 Letters constantly came from England, telling of the happiness of George and Liz, who were now the happy parents of two children; the eldest, a boy, -had -(so wrote his mother) been named 'Fred Fortune Foringham,' in honour of "their dear youug brother in Australia, who, by his promptness and courage, had saved her from so terrible a fate. . Old Sir Wilfred was a confirmed in valid, bnt was very bright and cheerful, and greatly interested in the well- doing of his young porteg,; so said George in his letters. Thus were all" our friends happily settled as the yejat '62 approached, just ten years later than the dawn of the golden era. And seven years from the dearth of him whom we knew as Lazarus, but who was, as we now know, Sir George Foringham. AU, did we say ? nay, there was one of whoin we have heard, nothing for tbese seven years, , for since he had left Ballarat on his life's quest,, old. Jack Jepster had been lost to the sight ;orm<m. ! s Another character in our story has also been unheard cf for years past. Crosscut Dick. Not altogether unheard of, as Mr. John M'Kay, Town Councillor and. mining magnate on the Exchange, .knew to his cost. 'Tb him, his once leader, though lost to sight, was literally to memory dear ; for every few months there came to him an ill- written scrawl, not from Dick himself, but, worse still from some one who seemed to- be always with him, and who was, probably, a sharer in his unpleasant secrets. The con stant theme of these interesting epistles was money. These letter were thebane of Mr. M'Rajp's existence. Spite of hisprogperity ' he grew thinner and mdre cad averoW rlooki n g every day, qnj his auburn locks grew grey beneath their, rav-mjdye. And to hfrn one evehihgj to he satin his comfortable pliraw- ing-rocun. in thprliMdsdnto villa had built for himself oh ?oldier-s B ill, he heard,, a well-kno? h voice ask if Mr. M'Kay-lived there, and the girl came to say that a £Ough digger man Wahted hiffi .he hardly . started, 1 but his pa|e face grewa shade grey er, and tiie furtive look of cruel1 malice came Into hill-1 eyes... . - ; Show him in, Ellen,' he said quietly, and the girl weht out, and returned, followed by Crosscut Dick. : \ \ How are ee, pard ?'said theduffian, who had plainly been ; drinking, extending his great knotted hand, ' > ! 7 # ' Dear bless me ; why, its Dick. I declare I didn't know ye, old fellow,' said' Mi. M 'Ray, extending his slim. claw-lxke han<i, with a ghastly smile on his thin cruel lips. t Welh I be pretty bobbish, pard,-! id ,, Dick, lurching'heaviiy intp a chair. > ' iHow begetting on? . Things dp look pijetjjycii with 'ee, simiriee. 1 I've, come to stay with ,'ep fur jbit. .Jii?t. fpje change hf (air, loike,'' with a , drunken laugh. : . 71 ; ' U i Crosscut Dick, ill-looking in his best dayB,- had alterej greatly fjor.thO worse. He was, rallen avay -to, A toPSP 6keleton, but his huge bones kept hisclothes out in curious angles. His face, on which the crizzlv djeaVd Jwasi now more, grizzled , and d irtyrlppkip; han p ver, was , drawn and : deeply ; wrinkled, the nose; swollen and discoloured,1 and- the pro truding cheek- bones, also a dirigy red at the points. , The small black eyes, now dim red and ' Watery, ' blinked and-rbleared in a' most tip pleasant way; and instead of the look of a pleased bulldog, which he once habitually wore,- be ow#gpewed like an'lU-hred cur, or rather like ope'of ,those yellow-faped mon| keys, if one could imaginp'" that ianimal with a grog-blossomed nose andjblcry. red eyes. , fle eat winking and grinning in a horrible; maimer iftt. his perplexed host, who 'shifted! uneasily in bis seat, and looked in blank dis may at big an welcome visitor. ' Bat, Dick, $d feller,' he at length gashed out, 'this ere won't do no'ow; youknowiI; can't have ye here. Why, the pjipA pd frig .downbhyeffiS ifJfailfc I'lltelr "yer jgf ye and I vjTigqt a slumbwout on i fpll, an w© amt a worku? ofitnow. You ban caihp down there for a spell, and I'll see ye get plenty of grub. an' drink.' . v AU right, then ; ef I can'bave a mate to live wi' me, an' plenty grog, for I can't get rid o' that idear b' the ghost o' Calico Jack, though I' haven't seen un now fur long toime. So ef you'll send down to Maguire's Eaten' House for Paul Penaluna, whaat have been weth me fur some toime pasfc, I'll go out to this plaace weth .'ee. But, moind, I do want fower pound a, week to stay quiet. T do knaw ee do want to get red o' me. Well, give me a bottle o' rum an' a blanket, an' do 'ee sbaw me wheer this plaace es, so I can go and. slaip theer at waunce. An' send \- Paul to me in the mornin'.' Mr. M'Kay 's face brightened at once. 'All right, old chap; that's reasonable now ; . but, ye see, it's -a -goodish bit to the place.' I'll get'emtoput my horse in the gig and driVo you over at once.' Aal roight— an' give me somethin' to drink now? Mr. M'Kay went into the next room and brought in a decanter and a glass, which he set before his guest, and then went to order the vehicle. Returning, he stepped into his own bedroom and stealthily placed a small six-chambered revolver in his pocket, and, opening a drawer, took out a long slender three- edged. Italian stiletto. His long fingers, closed round the delicately-chased handle, and there was a murderous gleam in his shifty green-grey eyes. We'll settle this to-night, Mister Dick,' he whispered hoarsely. 'I've stood 'bout enough- o' this 'ere." The gig came round to the door, and with difficulty the tipsy ruffian was raised into his place, and Mr. M'Kay, taking the reins, drove away -into the darkness. They, however, were obliged to travel , very slowly, mostly at a walking pace, for the ground was rongh, and on the Eureka Stockade Flat mullock-heaps and abandoned shafts were numerous. Mr. M 'Kay's atten tion was too much engaged in finding the road to notice that, at a very shortr distance behind the gig, a dark figure was following : them. In about three-quarters of an. hour the gig was drawn up in front of a small weatherboard shanty. Mr. M'Kay got out of the vehicle, led the horse to a post, and assisted his passenger to descend. He then unlocked the padlock on the door of the slianty, and struck a light. There was nothing but a couple of .rough empty bunks, a small slab table, and two settles within. Dick staggered in with his bottle of rum in his hand. Mr. M'Kay brought in the rugs and made up a bed in one of the bunks, while Dick helped himself freely from the bottle. 'Now, I don't moind much,' said the ruffian, with a drunken leer. 1 Ghosts or devils, it's all waun o me when I'm well primed with good liquor. So good-night to 'ee, Jerry, I'm goin' to turn in.' Mr. M'Kay bade his guast an affectionate good-night, and went away, promising to send his mate to him in the morning. But he did not seem in any great hurry to start, though he moved the gig away from the hut a few hundred yards. He sat quietly for about twenty minutes, and then, leaving the horse tied to a young gum that sprouted from the stump of a deceased forest giant, he crept silently back to the hat. All was silent within. Mr. M'Kay opened the door softly ahd peeped in. The unfed slush lamp was flickering and casting fan tastic goblin shadows on the walls. The once terrible bushranger Crosscut Dick lay upon the bank in a drunken slumber. With his cadaverous face set in a horrible sneering smile that was plainly mus cular tod not under his control, Mr. M'Kay crept into the but. The nearest human habitation, as be well knew, was- nearly a third of a mile away, where the men attending to oneof his quartz batteries lived. His eyes w ere stedfastly fixed upon the man on the bed, tod therefore be did not perceive that be was not alone with bis in tended victim. Crouched at the foot of the bjtokwhere<tbe shadow lay deepest was the bent form of Jawhifceheaded man, who kept" a pair of singularly bright grey eyes fixed upon the would-be murderer. The sleeping man moved and murmured hoarsely, and Mr. M'Kay stood transfixed with terror, thes % eat pouring from his brow. His victim became quiet again, and Mr. M'Kay took three steps forward and raised his knife to plunge it into the sleeper's breast but at that instant the figure behind the couch stepped forward and dealt him a blow with a sheoak staff that sent him back ward against the table, while the pistol in his hand exploded. The sleeper awoke with a terrible cry, and the w hitehead ed man moved to the door, against which he set hi? back, _ Mr. M'Kay lay on the floor stnpefied ; but Dick had no sooner east his eyes on the figure at the door than he sent forth a hoarse shriek that might have been heard a mile away, and 'which was actually heard by the men in the next shanty." Yell after yell burst from him. and then he sank back, covering his face with his hands. ; Mr, M'Kay was beginning to come to his senses,, mid turned at bay to see who barred the door. _ His pistol had dropped from his hand ih his fall, and the stranger had taken possession of it . The defeated murderer rose to hie feet to-find himself covered by his own 'pistol in the hands of old ' Calico Jack.' 'Not so fast, Jerry Mack. Stay where you are, he said steadily 'I've got you covered, yon murderous scoundrel. Don't move.' $ Jerry shrank back towards the bunk trembling with terror, and in doing so touched Dick, who gave vent to another shrill yell. 'Com© and kill me, devil or ghost. I doan't rpoind you now. I've done you haarm, an you've a roigbt to knack me into jouds ef "ee loike, but kep this blasted cur from me.' 'J m no gho8t, Dick Tremuan, though its not your fault if I am not. I've hunted you for years, and have been close on your tracks for three weeks past. It seems I just found ypu in time to stop that cur from putting it oht'.of your power to answer xny question. Uteres my Jboy, Dick ffemuan ? I've got ypji.no w, >and yop doAt get away till I know vifhat you W6 done witbdiim ; Heaven have rrj toby on you If yb'uVe j hurt him . Ill kill I ypxl like a dog.' ' 's ' Jerry, who had dropped his knife and was crouching back in the shadow, came slinking out, and said—: ' I , J . 1 . ' ' Let me go', Jtok, and IJli tell you all you want to know. I'm a rich man now, too, and can make it worth your while. _ Four boy is with Captain Foringham, leastwisehim as was Captain Foringham, he s Sir Wilfred now, they say. The boy came over from Sydney yesterday, where he goes to school. I met him in the street yesterday, and heard him tell his servant he was going on to Willan- dowla last night.' - ...... 'I'd a told 'e ef I knawed myself,' said Dick horsely from the bunk. '-The game's up, I see, an' I ain't sorry neither.' He gasped painfully and fell back on the pillow, and Jack saw that there was blood on his lips. Jack left the door Where he had been standing, and advanced towards the bank. As soon as he did so, Jerry, with the agility of an eel, slipped by him, threw the door open, and ran straight into the arms of the burly foreman of the battery, who, with two or three of his men, had come quickly across to the deserted hut on hearing the bushranger's cries. Where away, mate, in such a of a hurry,' said the foreman (our old friend Ben Baxter), with his hand on the collar of bis prisoner. ' Let me go ! let me go, I say, or I'll knife ye,' hissed the desperate man. ' Will ye, ye darn rat,' said Big Ben, giving the other a shake that nearly dislocated his bones. 'Come in, bust ye, and let's see who ye are, any way,' dragging him into the hut. ' Let me go, I say. You fool, I'm your boss, Mr. John M'Kay. I'll sack the whole darn lot of yer.' Don't believe him, Ben Baxter, said the voice of J ack from the gloom, for the lamp was burning very low ; he's that infernal scoundrel Jerry Mack.' ' Sneaking Jerry, by all's that blue !' roared the big man. ' May I be rammed to powder if I haven't always had a notion as I had knovred Mr. M'Kay somewhere3 before. Come here, Scotty Bob,' to a little man who had been tearing down some bark from the roof to make a blaze in the fireplace, here's an old Mend of yours, I think. ' An' dommed glad ah am tae meet" ye, Mr. Mack, ah mean M'Kay. ' is easy tao see it's yer ain sel, spite o' all yer black paint, « hen once ye 've got the hint. ' ' Who are you, Mister ?' said the foreman, turning to Jack, who could now be plainly seen by the light of the fire, which a third man was keeping up by throwing on brush and twigs. ' Don't you know me, Ben, am I so much altered V ' I know yer |voice, but I don— Jeru salem 1 It's Calico Jack, I believe. Why,; ain't you dead ?' ' No, not yet, Ben,' said the old man witb a sad smile. ' But here's a man will be dead soon if we don't do something, and he has some information I want to get.' Ben handed his prisoner over to Scotty, and came forward to shake hands with his old friend. ' Who's the chap in the bed, Jack, and what's up ?' Jack told him in a few words, and also of tbe attempted murder by Jerry Mack. ' What d'ye suppose is the matter with this here Cornish skunk, Jack?' ' Drink, I think, principally, and the reac tion after the fright he got just now.' Ben promptly and unceremoniously poured some rum from the bottle down the throat of the insensible man, who in a few minutes opened his eyes and glanced about him with a wild stare. ' Are you really Calico J ack ?' be asked, ' or his sperrit ?' ' I am tbe man himself. What have you got to tell me?' ' Do'ee bend down, an I will — maae un kep a tight hold on Jerry there— an' 1 11 tell 'e summat bout he too as 'ell spile hes game. Bend down thee ear.' Jack did so. ' That theer boy whaat I took from 'ee is the awnly son of the man whaat sent me out to this place, Sir Francis Foringham. I made my wife staaLnn away, to be even weth old squoire, an' have tew. An' ain't sorry nether, so ain't goin' say I am. Es for thaat desmal crawlin' wretch theer, I got "nough to hang him when I'm brought up myself, an' I doan't care how soon tes nether. I waant to get the thing settled up.' One of the men brought up Mr. Maek's gig, into which that gentleman and Dick were put, and, with one man leading the horse and the other three walking close to the vehicle, they went into the town and de livered their prisoners to the police at The Camp.' (to to continued.) I r_ — Obsebving little brother's remark before a roam full of company : " I know what made that red mark on Mary's nose ; it was the rim of John Parker's hat.". And there are girls who believe that little brothers never go to heaven. , . It was a foggy Sunday, and "Hi," who was naturally a good Sunday- school hoy, . was playing marbles on the side- walk. His 1 aunt Mary came along, and,- discovering him, inquired : " "Why, Hiram, you are playing marbles on Sunday ?" .He, with a cunning " Sh r," whigpers, "Don't say, nothing, Aunt Mary | it's so foggy God cah'laee me." "This, dear children, is the shoe of a Chinese lady ; see how little it is, what a narrow sole it has." "I'll bet it isn't as narrow as Deacon 's. Father says his soul will fall through a crack in the floor some day and get lost," was the shrill com ment of a boy given to sharp listening. The superintendent put the Chinese shoe in his pocket, and requested the school to sing " Pull for the Shore." 