THURSDAY,. MARCH 4, .l S0. W1 wish to press on thie attention of :. residents of this district thle l:iis i. Agricultural Society established re.,::. established in our midst.,-a socie"ty . blished on the faith of willing, acrti . genuine support from one and all tu:i. its reach. It is well known that this i;n; tution arose out of the ploughing s:cW_ held at Buln Buln last winter, anti tI success that attended that event, c-ar,: the way of all doubts as to the msicessf. launching 'of the still greater undertakin, of a Society ; but with every likelihool e accomplishing the end in view, it nius: be borne in mind, that the committee a. w rking in pure faith that the residents ,! the district will sec them safely tlmugt the arduous undertaking, and in order tie do this three courses are open, the tir: being to strengthen the society's ranks by joining as members, and considering the entrance fee is only half the atusant charged in other societies, it should I.. u, bar to every one who is interested is tha progress of the district joining; there ar. advantages to be gained by joining, Ia. ticularly to exhibitors, which they would i. well to consider; but the still high. ground of advantage to the district, is thi one that every man with a stake in the laud should consider. The seconst wvr: tlhat the society may be helped is in th, nattler of exhibits, and it is to be h'1,,l that no one will refuse to send such in, .. the plea that they are not not likely to ~": a prize, and can't afford the time ansl the trouble, forgetting that they will Ibe plm. cipators in the benefits accruing to th, district, at the expense of timhe and trouble of others. We hope sincerely th;,: no persons are living in this part tf the land who see no advantage in helling ,s such an association as the one in q'estion. The third way in which the society '.a t. assisted, is by mustering up well on the day of show. The entrance muor is Is.. children, half price; we would s t,' o ri, our lady friends iu the:district, th.' d,. couldsdisiidce df;ialarge number of ticus if they were so einclined. 5K11 tit-.s, Lwould not lhs ny o.to~ getci~sof'if d;;: buted amongi fiftyiladlies; and if so In! were sold the society would benefit to ti.r extent of £.25 from that source alohn.. May we venture ladies to ask your asa" tance in this manner. The s.cretary c,? only be too glad to supply tickets to .. who will try to sell them, and thie mr,. fact of these cards being sold before-hacl . rill help to :lvertise the show. In th,. three ways the secretary appeals to ye:, help, either by becoming , members, .xhll:. tor?, or visitors-or better still, if yu i:k'. contributors to its funds. Alreauly sevei: promises lave been made by inutend?: ex:dibitors, and notwithsmiatanding ,: pillars, grasshoppers, and want of rid:. m" have no doubt a very creditable disp:ay ;i be made; it lies, however, in the ihandsl our re;ulers to make it a success or othes wise. Reumember-Friday, 2nd April, ir:' show, Buln Buln Agricultural Soeet:y, the Turf Club Hotel Yards, Buln Bdan. Mr. Thomas Rosling announces elsecwhilv that he will sell, at Buln Buln, on Satulsr next, the 6th inst., horses, cattle, shetl. pigs, &c.; The sale commences at nown. Mr. Sargeant reports :-R-ainfall for it' week ending 2Sth February, 3"21 inchl snaking the total r.infall since the beginnig of the year 5.71 inches. The conunittee of the Warragl .AthE nmuum met at Hodson's Royal Hotel ,S Tuesday evening, and transacted a g.?i deal of business of a routine nature in ,iO nection with the entertainment to Ibe P" vided at the opening of the institution. )lr Sargeant was voted to the chair. -Aft:' somne discussion, it wmvasrsolved to postlken . the concert and ball to the 19th inst., ?u i seemed to be the. general impression tha: there was not sufficient time to give the necessary?publicity to thi alffair; if the die, originally fixed upon, the 12th inst., y ' adhered to. The names of several notel Melbourne amuateurs were mentionedbythe hon. secretary, Mr. Medley, who said he believed that theirgratuitous services culdl be obtained. From the completecessof the armngements which the commnitte are t0-' ing, an unqualified success may be anti' pated. From Mr. Lithgow's report respectic the valuation in the Narracan Shire e ex tract the following figures, which shote t' population and valuation in the differ?: parishes in the shire :-Parish of Narrn'ac population, 634, valuation, .C,760 ; pr' . of MIoe, population, 3S9, valuation, -.f : parish of .Wrragul, population, 24., sv'aw tinf?i3'2~6l Tparisli of: Allambee, l'pub" 273; valuation;, ?£80; paris;es of Yiarwa and Darnum, population, 102, valuatoc £731; total number of population, 1,. total valuatios, £18,284. : An address from Mr. Itasuoil, bri' thanking the electors for the honor thu conferred upon himn on Saturdayv t" appears amongst our advertisements. t" MacIvor also publishes an add'.[ thanking those who voted for him, Id labored to secur his r..tur. The Wuiterloo State school wis .x.min. for 'results,.byi the Disti-ict"Inspetor. .> Hepburn, on Monday, the 1st inst, It *? highly gratifying to notice the energy dis played by the scholars in assisting Mr. and Mrs. Sanders, the teachers, in decorating the building with ferns and flowers in honor of the occasion, the motto placed in the centre being " Success," which was verifed by the per centage gained in the different classes: the fifth obtainiug 77; fourth, 72; third, 82; second, G1. The inspector's report stated that the result of the exa mination was creditable. The nmuber of chidren on the roll for the current year is 80, but owing to the weather, and other causes only 65 were present at examina tion. A stranger on the Warragul platform yesterday morning would have imagined from the crowd assembled near one of the carriages, that some distinguished travellers were passengers by the train for Melbourne. On enquiry we learned that one of the com partments was occupied by no less illus trious personages than De Thouar. the Holey Plains bushranger, going up for his fifteen years, the Shanks Brothers, the Moe Bank sticklers-up, proceeding to town to undergo their sentence of three years, three cattle stealers, going t tthe sluburban retreat at Coburg for various terms, and a posse of the Sale police force. The curiosity of those who collected round the carriage door did not appear to be easily satisfied, as most of them retained their positions till the train departed. We caught a glimpse of De T'houar, who appeared to be much sulxlued, and if appearances go for anything, we should say the foolish fellow sincerely re pents his rash act now it is too late. It is toI be hoped that some portion of his sentence will be remitted, as it is out of all propor tion to his otffence,that is, if the Shanks's received an adesuate punishment for their crime, which was of a more heinous nature than that of De Thouar. Mr. M'Ivor, who madesuch a determined effort to secure the seat in the Legislative Assembly for the South Gippsland electo rate, has been defeated, and further re marks relating to his candidature are searcely necessary. But to show how in effectually this young "colt" had been trained, we may quote a sentence of his speech delivered at Drouin the night before the election:-" Gentlemen," said he, " I come forward as a Ministerialist and as an Oppositionist." After making this remark the chairman remonstrated with Mr. McItvor, telling him that he had made a mistake. But like most " colts" he would not listen to reason. Now, this wosuld not be much in itself, but at the close of the meeting Mr. McIvor was asked what he meant by such a remark ; and then with the greatest coolness (we may add, imsper tinence) imaginable, said he had made no such statement. It is needless for us to add that this was the means of rousing the feelings of the meeting, and Mr. MtcIvor came in for a good round of hissing, which he richly deserved. The "Gippsland Times" is so little read in South Gipps'and, that it can .probably afford to insult the majority of the electors in that constituency with impunity. Re gardling the decision of the electors on Saturday, it says:-" It will be a source of the keenest disappointment to all intelli gent constituents of South Gippalaund, that Mr. Macivor has been rejected in favor of the old representative." The gross insult to the large majority who voted in favor of Ir. 3Mason will, however, not tend to increase the popularity of the, at present unpopular "Times," as there are many of those who supported Mr. Ma?Ivor's can didature on principle, who do not believe in insulting others because of their political opinions. In fact we are happy to say that auong the electors of South Gipps' land the utmost harmony and good feeling has prevailed during the late contest, and it is a characteristic of our constituents to accord respect and esteem for individual merit, independent of political opinion. We cannot help expressing surprise that the Editor of the " Times," who is not a tyro in the business of conducting a news paper, should have been guilty of such a want of decency. In a Liberal constituency such as South Gippsland undoubtedly is, no Conservative can ever expect to wrest the seat from a Liberal candidate. This wis amply proved on Saturday last by the decision of the electors in favor of Mr. Mason, their old member. Since the election campaign commenced, another Liberal candidate has been wooing the sweet voices of the elec tors in the Buln Buln and Narracan Shires, tnd those who have supported him have not been disappointed. J. B. WreTro, of the Melbourne House, Warragul, while thanking those electors who have already supported him, begs to intimate that before the next election he hopes to secure the votes of a number of new supporters. A visit to his establishment will convince any one that J. B. W 'rra. is thoroughly Liberal in his views.-[Anvr.] "I am thy father's ghost"-so said the apparition which appeared to Hamlet; and so might have said a gaunt, spectre- like fomn which appeared at Waterloo recently. But the good things he obtained at Wt'Tron AND CO.'s store soon restored h's vital energies, and when he made his appeanmrce on Saturday last to record his vote in favour of Mason, the poor man's friend, the principal of the firm of Wrrro.v &Co.;, ]mlrdly reeognised him. So it is with all who deal at the stores of Wt'ro.v & Co., at Waterloo and Trafalgar. All agree that the goods kept at these establishmnents are of the best procurable quality, and those who still remain in doubt had better satisfy themselves by paying a visit of inspection. -[anvr.] 