PKESBYTERIANISM v. EPISCOPALIANISM. . To the Editor of 'The Church of ' Enaland Messenaer. SlE — In my last communication on this subject, I pointed out from the instances of Timothy, Titus, and the angel of each of the Seven Churches of Asia, referred to in Eev. ii. and iii., what scrip tural warrant we have for diocesan or territorial bishops, and also for our three distinctive orders of ministers of God's Word and sacraments — viz., bishops, presbyters, and deacons. And now, Mr. Editor, as a further proof of our scriptural warrant for these three distinctive orders of ministers so specified, in Christ's Onurcb. upon earth, 1 hesitate not to say that any reasonable man, on referring to Christ's charge to His apostles in Matt, xxviii. 18, 19, 20, and comparing that with other passages of Scripture which tell us how the apostles fulfilled that charge, will not fail sooner or later to arrive at the two following conclusions, viz. : — I. That it was evidently Christ's intention that His apostles should ordain these three orders of ministers as their assistants and successors in the work of increasing and extending His kingdom upon earth. II. That no denomination of Christians can claim to be called (strictly speaking) 'the Catholic and Apostolic Church of Christ' unless it has this ' three-fold order of ministry.' The first of these propositions will, I think, be made clear by considering — 1\. The work which our Lord charged His apostles they should do for Him after that He was departed from earth to heaven. 2\. The peculiar class of men to whom our Lord delivered this charge. . ' ' : : . 3\. The manner in which the apostles fulfilled the trust thus committed to them. First, then, with regard to the charge entrusted by our Lord to His apostles; We are told in Matthew xxviii. 19, 20 this was, they were to 'make Christian' (and surely any intelligent person will recognise the great difference there is between our being 'made Christian' and our ' becoming Christian') — 'to make Christian all the nations' (or, literally, all the heathens upon the face of the earth — i.e., every one of those who are ' without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope and without God in the world') ' by first baptising them into the name of the Father and Son and Holy Ghost, and next by instructing them how to be Christians, not in name only, but also in deed and in truth. And this work of maliina Christians. too, is to be kept up until the complete fulfilment of the (Gentile) dispensation (*ews tt}s avpreKelas rod aluvos). 2\. It was only those who were called to be apostles and their suc cessors, whom our Lord charged or authorised to make Christian all nations by baptism and instruction. This was a different mission from that on which St. Luke (x. 7, &c.;) informs us the Lord com missioned ' other seventy also, by two and two.' Different likewise from that mission on which St. Matthew (x. 1, &c.;) informs us Jesus sent the twelve, for both the seventy and the twelve were to confine their ministrations to the Jews only ; and those ministrations were to consist only of preaching that the Kingdom of God was at hand, healing the sick and casting out devils ; but after our Lord's resurrec tion it was only His apostles and their successors that He authorised to be ministers of the Word and sacraments to all nations — Gentiles as well as Jews — until the final winding-up of the (Gentile) dis pensation. 3\. But let us next notice in what manner the apostles fulfilled the charge entrusted to them. Theapostles, being only mortals like all other from various passages of Scripture that they ordained qualified men as their assistants and successors in the work whenever they f mind it necessary to do so— e.g., in Acts vi. we read of the apostles ordaining seven men to assist them in their ministrations, and there can be no doubt, from their having been ordained by imposition of hands and their high qualifications for the office, that they were not laymen, but clergymen. This is quite evident from what we read of Stephen and Philip. Then in Acts xiv. 23 we read of Paul and Barnabas (who had John Mark as their attendant or lay-reader) ' ordaining elders' (Trpeo-gvripovs or senior ministers of the Word and sacraments) 'in every Church.' Then from the instances of Timothy, Titus, and the angel of each of the Seven Churches in Asia, already referred to, it is perfectly clear that though our Lord did not give any specific directions to the apostles with regard to their appointing assistants and successors, yet it was in full accordance with His will and purpose that the apostles did (under the guidance of His Holy Spirit, and as soon as they saw it to be necessary), ordain those three orders of ministers as their assistants , and successors in the work of increasing aud extending His kingdom upon earth, , I must again defer any further remarks on this subject till a future number of The Messenger. Meanwhile, requesting none of your readers or correspondents to be so very hasty in judgment as to deprecate the tone of my remarks before and until they have heard all I have got to say on the subject, I am, sir, yourB, &c;, J. Thomson. 