LECTURE ON GOLDSMITH. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Temperance Society Mr. James Duffy de livered a very interesting-lecture on “Gold smith and Moore.” The greater part of the lecture was devoted to Goldsmith, as some time ago another gentleman had dealt fully with Moore. Oliver Goldsmith was an Irishman. He was horn at Pallas, Co. Long ford, in the year 1728. His father was a Protestant Episcopalian clergyman—a curate —who eked out the scanty funds derived from his profession by renting and cultivat ing some land. Goldsmith's father being promoted to a rectory called Kilkenny West, went to reside at Lissoy. Here were spent the youthfnl days of the poet, and here he found materials for his “ Deserted village.” He was sent to the village school, kept by an old soldier named Byrne, who had been a quartermaster in the wars of Queen Anne. Byrne had an enormous collection of talcs of his own adventures abroad, as well as of fairy legends and ghost stories, which he freely dispensed to his eager and wondering pupils. Goldsmith’s fondness for travel and ad venture is supposed to have been owing in some measure to the influence exercised by those stories. Byrne is immortalised by his pupil as the village schoolmaster in the “Deserted Village.” At the age of seventeen Gold smith entered Trinity College, Dublin, as a sizar. At College he was thoughtless and irregular. The lecturer related many amuse ing incidents of this part of the poofs life, winch were typical of his after career. He was ever, then and all his life, utterly thoughtless of himself, and so impulsively benevolent that, he was always ready to spend his last shilling for the- relief of distress. In 1749 he was admitted to the B. A. degree, and left the university. He was several times furnished with money by his friends to enable him to pursue Ills professional studies, hut to rio purpose, for the money was spent in his usual fashion. He studied medicine for a year and a half at Edinburgh, whence his passion for travel led him to the Contin ent. After many adventures he made his way to Leyden in Holland, whence he started on a Continental tour in 1795, provided, it is said, “with a guinea in his poeket, one shirt to his hack, and a flute in his hand.” Thus lie travelled in Flanders, France, Switzerland, and Northern Italy. At Padua, lie is supposed to have obtained his medical degree. In 1750, after a year’s travel and adventure oi the most extraoadinary kind, be arrived in England, to begin the struggle of life. He was tirst a chemist h assistant ] then he tried practice as a physician, and failed. He became a reader and corrector for the press, and afterwards usher in a school. After many trials and miseries, Goldsmith eventu ally devoted himself to literature. In 1764 appeared his poem of the “Traveller,” which Charles Fox pronounced one of fclhe finest poems in the language. Dr. Johnson spoke of it in the highest terms, and the periodical critics were unanimous in its praise. Tn 1770 Goldsmith was at the summit of his fame and popularity. He stood in the foremost rank ; the booksellers courted him, and his works brought him in large sums. However, he was always poor. His profusion and extra vagance and his unbounded benevolence scarcely ever allowed him to be out of debt. His health began to fail and he died in 1774 at the early age of forty-six. A monument to his memory was erected in Westminister Abbey. There was much in Goldsmith’s character to make him loved, as Wiis evident from the friendship which ex isted between him and his great literary con temporaries, especially Dr. Johnson. As a writer, both in prose and verse, he occupies a very high rank. He wrote much, and, gene rally, task-work for the booksellers, but his work throughout is finished and felicitous. His two principal roeins are the “ Traveller” and the “ Deserted Village”—both charming works. A high authority lias said:—“There is no poem in the English language more universally popular than the 1 Deserted Vil lage.’ Its best passages are learned in youth and never quit the memory.” His prose works are numerous, of which the fol lowing are the principal :•—“ An Inquiry into the present State of Polite Learning in Europe,” “ Chinese Letters,” “ The Citizen of the World,” “ The Vicar of Wakefield,” “ History of England,” “ History of Pome,” “ History of Greece,” “ History of the Earth and Animated Nature,” and the plays, the “ Good-natured Man” and “ She Stoops to Conquer.” Goldsmith was a thorough master of correct and graceful English prose, and as such his works are deserving of careful study. We have merely given a few jottings from the lirsfc part of Mr. Duffy’s excellent lecture, which was particularly rich in interesting and amusing anecdotes. Mr. Duffy was applauded during and at the termination of his lecture, and a vote of thanks, proposed by Mr. T. S. Hickey, mrd seconded by Mr. J. H. Fitz gihhon, was passed by acclamation. The next lecture will be given by Mr. Fitzgibbon on “ Home Pule and Home Rulers.” 