DRAMATIC AND MUSICAL. Darrell's great trouble ' now is to find some body sufficiently like bim to do ghost in the Oorsican Brothers. George is unopproachablo. : There is no one like him. Puul Eombev told \- Mrs Plpchin when ehe said there was nobody ! like her, that it was a very good thing, and he waB glad of it. ' De Vivo says bo will stiok to Melbourne and opera " as long aB the world goes round." La Feuillado says he'll back bis fiddles against any fiddle in tho country for LSOO. Swan, the New Zealand walkist, ie an en thusiastic reader of periodical literature. He read Tug Herald all through while oa the track yesterday, and then handed it to the next) man who finished. Both men never ; altered their pace. . "la pace reqnieacant." Madame Rietori is making a tour through Denmark ahd Sweden, Wagner by advico of his phvsicians ie going to remove from Meyrouth to Venice. Mr Williameon.it is said, will shortly produce Gilbert and Sullivan's Pirates of Penzance, at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. The piece has been drawing good houses at Bosth's Theatre, New York, Miss Minnie Hawk has beea appearing at Progue. The day before bis death, lOffenbaoh .at tended the reading of a new libretto at tbo Paris Varictos. Mdlle. Franaini the bioyolist.ia at Napier, N.Z, A San Franoieco correspondent, writing on 23rd Ootober, Bays: — "In New York the sale of tickets for the Sarah Bernhardt season com menced on tho 1st. 21,000 dollars, or 350 seison tiokets at GO dollars, wore realised in forty- five minutes. Tho Dalziel-Lingard Troupe ie at Sprague's Opera House, Ohioago. A new 'legitimate' star, in the person of Mr Thomas W, ICeene, has made an appsaranoe in tho theatrioal firmament. Critics in Ohioago say ho eolipscs Booth, Barrett, and M'Cullouqh. Cole s groat European and American Circus was to open in Auckland on 20th ourron't, for fivo dayB — thence to Wellington and O'orist- chuicb.. The cost of conveying the show: from San Franoieco fo New Zealand was L5000 sterling. The cirons is described as being a really wxraderful turn-out; in America, wbonce it com es, it is conceded to stand prq-omineat amon'g Its fellows, The eleotrio ligb.t is used to illuminate tho oxhibition tont, whioh con- tairjs nearly 1,000,000 yards of aanvae, Tho el'/ous will shortly appear in Sydney. Tho Lydia Howarde opora bouffe oompnny lire ploying in Dnnedin, N.Z. 