.TAEx Rev.. Augustus Jesspp,D.D. (says the .PRaIl 31all Gazette), has published in the :-:.Athenaum a remarkable account of an appari Stion of which he was the witness in Lord Orford's library at Mlannington Hall, Norfolk, .,in October last;' After dinner, the party Shaving. broken up at half-past .10, Dr. Jes sopp, retired to the library to take notes of some of the rare books which it contains. :.What befel him there he thus narrates: ' By 11 o'clock I was the only person down i tairs, and I was very soon busily at work .and absorbed in my occupation. The room in.which I was writing was a large one, with a huge,:fireplace and a grand old chimney; and it is needless to say that it is furnished ..with.every comfort and luxury. The library ,,opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted. to examine. There were six small volumes in all. I took them down, and ..placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work-sometimes reading, some . imes writing. As I finished with a book I placed it in front of me. There were four .silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire .at my left, and at intervals, as I had fiislied with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. Ihad got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. S"iroise, wound up my .watch, and opened a bottle of seltzer water, and I remember Ithinling to myself that I should get to bed iby 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about Slialf-ani-hour, and was just beginning to think t' bhat my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing I saw a large white :hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning ' 'my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat Slarge man, with his back to the fire, bending 'slightly over the table, and apparently ex :amining the pile of books that I had been at 'work upon. The man's face was turned away 'from me, but I saw his closely cut reddish Sbrown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side "'of the forehead, and the large high cheek bone. He was dressed in what I can. only d''describe 'as a kind of ecclesiastical' habit of "thick corded silk or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as-a stand- up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, whidh had first " attracted my attention, was clasping, without ',any great pressure, the left hand; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent 'Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and-was per-= fectly sure that he was not a reality. A :: thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or uneasi ness i curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. F or an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at .a tray on my right for a pencil; then I Sthought,: 'Upstairs I have a sketch-book. Shall I fetch it ?' There he sat, and I was 'fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this-my -arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed, and Snothing more. I went on with my writing, as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had deter Smined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; :I turned my head again, to examine him more closely; and I was framing a sentence to address tohim, when I discovered that I did not.dare to speak. I. was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. : I turned my head again to my work, :and finished writing the two or three words \- I still had to write. The paper and my notes Sare.at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could .point out the words I.was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, 1 shut the book and threw-it-on the tabler it made a slight noise aR it fell-the figure vanished. Throwing y"'ifself .back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at: the fire with a curious Sixtire of feeling, and I remember wonder ' ig iwhether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread i'and a suspicion that-I was beginning to. lose -my nerve. I remember yawning; then I r"jose, lit myi bedroom candle, took my books " into the inner library, mounted, the chair as ?before, and .replaced five of the volumes; the s bixth'I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honour to appear to me. By this time ? hadlost: all sense of uneasiness. I :- blew out the four candles and marched off to -ibed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the :'guilty-I know not" which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of 'facts. .Explanation, 'theory, or .inference I leave to others." , ...... " ' THE ExPI,&I;?2TrOS'. Tna' ErLAix~rTO x. : Subseiquently (on Jan. 17). the Athlencelm ...published the following:-" We have been overwhelmed with letters regarding Dr. Jes. sopp's narrative. Several correspondents are anxious to know whether the ghost sat on a real chair, whether there is any tradition of a ghost at ?Mannington Hall, &c.; We print t.he two letters which offer the most plausible :, explanaition.. Dr. Wilks, F.R.S., of Guy's :Hospital, writes to us :-' Putting aside the supposition of a trick, the story resolves itself into the question whether the appear ance o-f the man beside him (Dr. Jessopp) was objective or subjective. Under ordinary "'circimstances when we see an object the :. latter is material, and forms an image on the retina; this is mentally known through a perceptive part of the brain; the mere retinal -image is not enough to constitute vision, as pictures are constantly painted upon' the retina.which are never discerned.. Now it is possible for this perceptive part of the brain to be 'thrown into an active condition quite independent of the normal stimulus con ducted:to it from the retina, and under these circumstances the person apparently sees an object which, by the law of our nature, is projected by him a certain distance before the eye. This is common enough in fevers and in deliriun tremens, where patients see people and animals around them whose reality Is' such that the memory ot these becomes a part of the experience of their future lives. In mental derangements these hallucinations *re also con:rnon, and patients see objents and hear voices -which arve no eternal existence. So it is in our dieam;, from which we' may be suddenly aroused by a great noise where all is still around, the 'auditory perceptive centre of the brain having been abnormally excited. In normal conditions the sight of an object implies the painting of it on the retina, as the hearing a noise implies the vibration of the drum of the ear. If sight and hdaring occur without these normal excitants of the nerves, the brain must have been stimulated from within, and the impressions are abnormal and subjective. At the present time we have no knowledge that anything in the likeness of a ghost or anything that has not a material basis can excite an image on the retina; whereas we do know that under abnormal conditions the brain may be stimulated so as to produce a visual impression independent of any such image on the retina. The proba bilities are then immensely in favour of the appearance which the doctor saw being sub jective rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal conditions of brain which are observed in bad health may occur under exceptional circum stances in an otherwise healthy organ to account for the occasional appearance of ghosts. The probabilities are also in favour of this view from other considerations. First, there seems no reason why the spirits of another world should prefer midnight for their visits, but the:reasons are obvious why we should conijure them up at that time. Then, again, the want of individuality shown by this par ticular ghost: an ordinary mortal would find it very difficult to put himself' in exactly the same place and attitude as before' on his appearance a second time, as this apparition did; and then so dependent was it upon the observer, that when the latter put his arm up it was gone, and the same occurred on the second occasion on another movement. How these movements of the doctor could have affected a real object does not seem clear, nor why it could not be gazed at from different points of view. It may be noticed, too, that its nearness corresponded with the focussing of the doctor's eyes to objects close around him." Mr. A. Wilson, F.R.S.E., writes : " As the narrator leaves explanation to others, will you permit me to remark that his experi ence very aptly illustrates to my mind a simple and readily explicable case of ' subjective sen sation.' As such, Dr. Jessopp's ghost is ex plicable satisfactorily to the physiological mind on the idea that an image has been retained, and formed in his sight-centres, and has been unconsciously projected fbrwards from the background of consciousness to assume (to the subject of the illusion) the veritable appearance of a human figure or spectre. The well known case of Nicolai, the Royal Academican. and bobkseller of Berlin, is the best known re corded instance of similar visitations; and Sir David Brewster, in his history of ' Natural Magic,' gives the case of a Mrs. A., who was a ghost-seer of somewhat remarkable kind. Cases such as those illustrated by Dr. Jessopp are by no means unknown in medical practice, and are explicable on the theory of reversion of the ordinary phenomena and routine of sensation. The only point concerning which any dubiety exists concerns the exact origin of the specific images which appear as the result of subjective sensory action. My own idea is that almost invariably the projected image is that of a person we have seen or read about. It is not necessary that we should remember the incident to reproduce it thus, for ' unconscious memory' is a notable fact of mental life. In Dr. Jessopp's case there is one fact that seems to weigh materially in favour of the idea that the spectre which ap peared to him in Lord Orford's library was an unconscious reproduction of some mental image or figure about which the doctor may very likely have concerned himself in the way of antiquarian study. He describes the figure as dressed in the costume of a past age. Does not this fact alone testify to the appropriate ness of an antiquary's ' illusion' being drawn by memory and imagination from the days of old and from the forms of the past ? Mental physiology has not yet sufficiently progressed to enable us to satisfactorily and filly explain the rationale of the mental acts which evolve the spectral illusion; but I would fain add, in conclusion, that such facts of mind as are already .within our ken place cases like that of Dr. Jessopp within the pale of a rational explanation; whilst our best thanks are due to the narrator for his record as an aid to the diffusion of a plain understanding of ' ghosts' on a scientific basis." 