gmmITWTTTE. THBATBM B«TAL. — There *ras a very good attendance at the Theatre Boyal last evening, when "H.M.8. Pinafore" was performed before a very appreciative audience. To-night Miss Elsa May will take the part of Josephine. SAUSBUBT YOUHO MEH'S SOCIETY. — Tha annual conversazione given by the above Society was held on Wednesday evening in the Salisbury Assembly Hall, when the very crowded attendance bore testimony to the continaedt popularity of these pleasant gatherings, as alscr to the interest taken in the Sooiety, many of tbe visitors being from other townships and localities. The opening overture was nicely executed upon the piano by Misses Norman andt Hughes. The President of the Society, Bev. J. B. Ferguson, then gave a brief address, indicating tbe aninterrnpted success which has attended the Society during the many years o£ its existence, and its great advantage to young men. Members of the Tonic Sol- fa Class next: gave a glee, "The Gipsy's Tent," in good style. Mr. H. Urlwin followed with an original humorous recitation, which provoked much laughter. Then followed & song by Mrs. Reynolds, a scene from " The Earl of Warwick" by Messrs. Hooper, Wittber, and 6. J. Swann, an instrumental duet by Misses Campbell and Hastwell, a comic scene by a deputation from tbe Golden Grove Society,-and a song by Mr. Wittber. After an interval. Misses Norman and Campbell gave an overture on tbe piano. Dr. MacLachlan followed with a humorous reading," John Davidson," and the Tonic Sol-f« Class sang the glee "Angel of Hope." Then came another scene by the Golden Grove gentlemen ; a song by Mrs. Beynolds; a scene by several members of the Society, Messrs. £ Urlwin, E. Moss, and H. Ooker being the principal performers; the duet " Gently sighs the Breeze," by the Misses Hughes; and a recitation, " Leonidas," by Mr. S. Pedlar—all of whicli were well received. During the evening a number of conundrums were read in competition, the prize taker being Mr. J. Whitbread. Mrs. Wm. Urlwin was awarded a prize for tha best flycatcher worked with beads; and Mr. S. J. Swann obtained the essay prize—subject^ " The Qualifications Bequisite for a Member ot the Legislature." The singing of the National Anthem closed a most successful entertainr ment. THB AUBTEALIAK CBICXBTKBS—The Secretary of the Association has received a telegram from Mr. George Alexander, Manager of the Australian Eleven, from Albany, intimating tha team's willingness to prolong their stay in Adelaide till our players return from Melbourne. Mr. Alexander adds that they are all well. An influential Beception Committee has been formed to meet the Eleven on their arrival* but as the steamer will most probably be ac Glenelg on Sunday their landing will necessarily be a quiet one. His Worship the Mayor o£ Adelaide will give them a public welcome in the Town Hall on Monday, and grand banquet; will be held in their honour on a date o be fixed* BEOMPTON WESLETAH BAZAAR.—The interest taken in the above bazaar was fully maintained on Thursday during the afternoon but during the evening tha room was crowded. The committee imported a large stock of glassware, which met with high commendation. Amongst the novelties on view was a very chaste water-colour painting, glazed and framed, o£ sea shells, executed and presented by Miss Alica King, ot North Adelaide, and magenta dyed wool mats, prepared and presented by Mr. W. S. Gunn, of Hindmarsh. Vocal and instrumental music was well carried through during the evening, not the least interesting being that of Mr. Grow Jukufifar, who sang several solos, and witb one papular tune heascompanied himself on tha harmonium. The bazaar will be continued to* day from 3 to 10 p m. PoptTLAE EMTBBTAnrarmres.—We understand that a number of the residents of North Adelaide have formed themselves into a committee for the purpose of giving a series of populac entertainments. Christ Church schoolroom has been kindly lent for the purpose, but the movement is of an entirely unsectarian character. The price of admission is fixed at one penny, so that no ona need be debarred from attending. Should the entertainments prove successful, and attract the class for whom they are specially provided, it is likely that they will be followed by the establishment of a gymnasium and evening classes, in which case the erection of an independent building will become a necessity. PICKICS ON THE NUTTH.—Amongst the numerous picnic parties which went out of Adelaide on the Prince of Wales's Birthday were two rom the Hindmarsh Baptist Sunday-school and the Sunday-school in connection with Chalmers Church, North-terrace. The former party numbered about 150 and the latter about 180. They were conveyed by the Holdfast Bay Bailway Company, the former party camping at Sir John Moiphett's grounds, and the latter at McDonald's section, close by. GABXEB'S THEATRE.—Professor Pepper thoroughly entertained a large audience at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening with his wonderful ghost illusions and serio-comio explanations. The marvellous effects of the microscope were shown in a way that astonished and delighted the spectators, who were treated to views of the finest cambric magnified. to the size of wire netting compared with wings and eyes oC insects magnified thirty thousand times, and still showing the most delicate tracery and beautiful regularity. No end of amusement was caused by a semi-satirical exhibition of a drop of water, which, under the microscope, was proved to contain creatures formidable enough to stock a menagerie chamber of horrors, and sufficient almost to make the stanchesfe teetotaller forever forswear water unless filtered. The wonders of Nature were presented in various forms from the mathematically precise section of rush to the gizzard of a cricket; and the eye of a bluebottle. The remainder o£ the exhibition was equally enjoyable and instructive. A Bet of photographs of the famous ghost, cleverly taken by Mr. J. B. Dobson by the instantaneous process, was distributed to the audience, and the same thing will be dona to-night. To-night the Professor will take his farewell benefit, on which occasion,' in additioa to tbe popular spectral illusions and panoramic views, he will exhibit the beautiful experiment of the combustion of the diamond, and also give some interesting experiments with fire. A very full bill|is promised. HAIBDBBSEEBS' PICNIC.—Last evening a meeting of hairdressers was held, at which it was decided to hold a picnic in connection with the trade about Christmas time. NOBTH ADELAIDE BAPTIST GHUBCH. — Tha bazaar in connection with this Church takes place next Thursday and Friday, and not this week, as previously announced. 