[?] 0-S-2S.E5 O CS IC3 SO/SSL® £3L OF THE ? RIGHT RE¥. H A. FRAYSSE, D.D.,S.M. On Sunday last an odifying and solemn event — an event which every Catholic must regard with the greatest pleasure — took place at our Metro politan Church, St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral— the Consecration of the Eight Rev. Dr. Fraysse to the Episcopal Office, by his Grace the Arch bishop of Sydney, assisted by the bishops of Bathurst and Armidale. The unbroken succession of tho bishops and pastors of the Catholic Church, in common with tho Holy and Apostolic See, is one of those indestructible signs of verity, against which tho impotent rage of infidels and heretics has from' generation to generation exhausted itself. The grand Catena Saccrdotu':i has lasted for more than 1800 'years, and is now stronger than ever it was — more thought of, more rejoiced in, and more feared. Tho sword of tho fanatic, the knife of the assassin, and the cruel headsman's axe have been, again and again, mercilessly wielded to cut asunder that glorious golden chain which links tho Church of tho present to the immortal Church of the past ; but all in vain — severed in one place, tho links have invariably been reforged and rejoined elsewhere. Tho consocration of a Bishop is one of the moot interesting and solemn of tho impressive and beautiful ceremonies of our Holy Church, and fche consecration of the Right Rev. Dr. Fraysse, Bishop of Abila, and Vicar- Apostolic of New Caledonia, was carried out with a great degree of religious pomp and grandeur. The imposing ser vices oommonood shortly after eleven o'clock, and fcho spacious interior of the building waB thronged throughout its length ond breadth by a vast con gregation, including many membors of other de nominations who wore anxious to witness tho graud ceremonial. The Church wore its brightest aspect, andf the sanotuary presented a really splendid and brilliant appearance. The deoora tions, which wero carried out on a scale of great magnificence, were most beautiful, appro priate, and effective. The entire sanctuary was artistically draped with costly silk and damask. Ovor tho archiepiscopal throne there was an elegant canopy of white satin. The High Altar was suporbly adorned with handsome church ornaments, and beautifully de corated with flowors, and the antepondium was of red satin profusely ornamented with cleverly executed gold work, as also were those of the credence fcablos. The floral decorations con sisted principally of red and whito camelias, and looked exceedingly pretty. Two valuable oil paintingo were placod over fche sanotuary en trances 5 and to and right and loft of the altar, at a hoighfc of somo fcwclve feet, were two fine statues — one of the Blesnod Virgin, and fche other of St. Joseph. In the right aisle of th6 church near fche pulpit was the Chapel of fcho Elect. , It wao drapod with dark crimson hangings, and the altar was fairly sparkling with lights and fragrant with flowers. Tho ecclesiastics who were to take part in the ceromonial assembled at tho presby tery, where tho consecrating prolate, the assistant bishops, the Bishop Elect, and the officiating priests, were attired in the proper vestmont3. Under the direction of the Very Rev. Dean Dwyer, the Master of Ceremonies, a procession was formed, v/hich proceeded through the Cathedral grounds to the pro-Cathedral, entering by the door near the choir. Tho procossion entered in the following order. First camo the acolytes in their pic turesque costumos, proceded by cross and torch bearers, thon a number of priests, attired in cassocks and surplices, after whom walked the assistant bishops and tho bishop elect; with their respective chaplains ; thon the archiopioeopal cross-boaror, with nDsictant acolytes, and nest the Archbishop, accompanied by hi.s assistant-priest. The deacons, in costly vestments, and tho train -bearers and othor attendants followed in proper order. As soon ao tho sacerdotal procession entered tho building tho rich tones of tho organ wore heard, and presently thoy wero mingled with tho blaring brass and shrill strings of an orchestra, and hen a powerful chorus burst forth in the glorious anthem 'IScco Gacerdos,' voices and instruments uniting with grand and tolling effect. As chiof oolobrant and consecrating prolate his Graco the Archbishop was arrayed in full pon tificals, mitro on head, and orozier in hand. The chasuble — an exceedingly handsome one of deep origison velvet, elaborately worked — worn b,y his Grace was the gift of the , pupils of St. Mary's School. ? The Bishop Elect wore a beautiful cop'o of whito silk, and'a small black beretta, while the assistant bishops wore handsome copes, also rochets, amices, and stoles and white mitres, the colour of the copes boing red. The vestments of ' tho deacons and the cope of the assistant Priest, were of the same colour. Mr. John F. M'Donall warden of the A.H.C. Guild, accompanied the procession through the church, and as it wended its way to the sanctury, it presented a magnificent spectacle. The Archbishop blessed the kneeling congrcgration as he passed down the centre aisle. On arriving within the sanctuary the ecclesiastics and acolytes repaired to the positions allotted them. The consecrating Bishop was escorted to hio faldstool at the front of the altar. The Bishop Elect and the assistant bishops sat vested in front of him, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, to the right, and the Right Rev. HI. Torregiani, Bishop of Armidale, to the left of Dr. Fraysse, who sat with his] back to the congregation. 'The assistant Bishops brought up the Bishop Elect and presented him with re opectful obeisances to fche Consecrator ; after which they for a short space reseated themselves on the stools a few yards distant from the altar steps, immediately in front of the Archbishop. The senior assisting Bishop then rose and said '?Most Reverend Father, — Our Holy Mother the Catholie Church demands of you to promote the priest here present to the heavy office of a bishop.' To this the Consecrator replied : ' Have you the Apostolic Mandate ?' The senior ; assistant Bishop said : ' We have whereupon, by order of the Consecrator, the Mandate was distinctly read by the Very Rev. Pere Joly, acting as notary to the presiding Bishop. On proof of this necessary authorization being thus made, the Con secrator devoutly said : ' Thanks be to God.' The Bishop Elect, it may be mentioned, took the ap pointed oath of obedience to the Apostolic See be fore leaving the presbytery. The Bishop Elect was conducted back to his seat, where, in the solemn words of the grand old service, he was strictly examined by the Consecrator. The Bishop Elect in tho words of the office declared that with his whole heart he desired in everything to act in conformity with the Holy Scriptures. He also promised to teach, by word and by example, to the people over whom he was to be set, whatever things he had learned out of the Holy Scriptures. He promised also that he would reverently receive, teach, and keep the traditions of the orthodox Fathers, and the Decretals and Con stitutions of tho Holy, and Apostolic See. He likewise promised canonical obedience to his Holiness the Pope, Leo XTII, as the representa tive of the Apostle St. Peter ; that he would so order his personal conduct as to avoid all that was evil, and, by God's assistance, to follow after all that was good ; that he would teach and practiso tho virtues of chastity and sobriety ? that he would aB much as possible avoid secular affairs, and forbear to seek after worldly gain and filthy lucre ; that he would practise and teach the virtues of humility and patience ; and lastly, that he would, for the Lord's sake, be kind to strangers, and be pitiful to the poor. Then the Consecrator said to the Bishop Elect : ' All these and ovory other good thing may the Lord vouchsafe to thee, and keep thee and streng then thee in goodness ;' and to this beautifully simple and comprehensive prayer all those within the sanctuary said ' Amen.' Marking the zeal ous care with which the Church guards the citadel of oifr common faith from the intrusion of the slightest taint of scepticism, the Consecrator again found himself obliged to press upon the Bishop a series of comprehensive interrogations on all the cardinal points of Christianity, defined in such lucid and explicit terms that the calamity of a prelate dishonestly un sound in his belief has been and always will be impossible in our Church. After ? the questions had been satisfactorily answered the consecrating prelate said : 'Moat beloved brother in Christ, may this thy faith be increased by the Lord until thou shall come to true and eternal hap piness.' All answered, ' Amen.' The elect was then conducted to the Consecrator, and kneeling before him he reverently kissed his hand. After which the Consecrator's mitre was taken off, and turning fco the altar with the assistants he began the Confiteor in the usual manner j the elect re maining at his left hand. This having been said, the Consecrator went up to the altar and pro ceeded with the Mass. Tho eleot was conducted to his chapel 'where, he divested himself of cope, and was vested with chasuble and maniple, stole, tunio, dalmatic, pectoral cross, and sandals. He then with the assistant Bishops went to his special altar and thero in unison with the con secrating Bishop at the High Altar, recited the service of Mass to tho end of tho Epistle and Tract. Tho solemn coromonial of a Pontifical High Mass, at all times impressive, wa3 rendered still more effective by the vast congrcgration, the splendour of the decorations, and tho excellence of the music. The Archbishop wao assisted by Pere Joly, S.M., and Rov. P. Renetel, S.M., deacons of the Throne, and Rev. Edmund Butler (of St. John's College) 'i and Roy. J. Fleming as deacono of the Mass, with the Very Rev. Dean Sheridan, V.G., assistant Priest. Throughout the ceremonies the Elect was attended by tho Rov. F. Montrouzier, S.?£., aud the Rev. C. Fraysse, S.M. ; tho Bishop of Bathurst by the Very Rev, Dr. Byrne, and tho Biahop of Armidale by Rev. J. Lemenant, S.M. The Epistle and Tract boing finished, the Bishop Elect, accompanied by the assistant Bishops, pro ceeded to the High Altar, whero the Oonr.ecrator briefly instructed him on tho duties of his opisco pal office. After thio lie called upon the congre gation to pray for the newly appoint, ad prelate that his episcopate might be for the benefit of the Church. i'Text followed the Litanies, with special suffrages for the Elect. Then the Holy Gospels wore placed by tho Consecrator on tho neck and shoulders of the Bishop Elect, and after that fche Consecrator and the assistant bishops solemnly laid their hands on the head of the presbyter who was being conseorated, saying the sacra mental words. ' Accipe Spiritum Sanctum' Tho Consecrator having laid aside his mitre, offoj.'9(l up the prayer Propitiare Domine, etc., and bo passed on to the Sursum Corda, Preface, and Trisa gion. The old and most beautiful hymn, Yeni Crea tor Spiritus, was subsequently begun by the Con secrator and completed by the assembled clergy, with the Very Rev. Dr. Quirk as principal chanter. Whilst it was being sung the Presiding Prelate anointed the head of the now Bishop with, the Holy Chrism, saying the duly appointed words, Ungatur et consecratur caput tuum ccalesti bene dictione, in or dine Pontificali. In Nomine Patris , et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti. (Bo thy head anointed and consecrated, in the order of High Priest, by Heavenly Benediction. In the name of the Father and of tho Son and of the Holy Ghost.) Then the Consecrating Prelate rose and continued the Preface. The hands of the new Bishop were next anointed, and, having done this, the Consecrator said, ' In the name of God the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost wo make over thee the sign of the Holy Cross of our Saviour tho Lord Jesus Christ, who hath redeemed us from death and hath brought us into the ? Kingdom of Heaven, Hear us, O Pious Almighty Father, Eternal God, and grant what we may ask in prayer we may obtain, through the same Christ our Lord. Amen.' Similar prayers followed, at the conclusion of which the Consecrator blessed and gave to the new Bishop his Pastoral staff (crozier), his Episcopal ring, and tho Book of Holy Gospels, and, lastly (with fche other Bishops), he greeted him with the fraternal kiss of peace, according to the ancient apostolic custom of our Holy Church. When placing the ring on his finger, the Consecrator said — 'Receive this ring, the pledge of affiance, that, being adorned with this token of untainted fidelity, thou mayest guard with honour incorrupt the spouse of God, His Holy Church.', The newly consecrated Bishop then returned to his ehapel, accompanied by the assistant; Bishops, and, having his head and hands wiped from the chrism, with crums of bread and linen, washed his hands, as also did the Consecrator, and both in their respective altars went on with the Ordinary of the Mass as far as the end of fche Offertory, when the latter presented to the former two large wax candles (lighted), two loaves of bread, and two Bmall casks of wine. The loaves and fche wine casks were covered with gold and silver leaf, and bore jthe crests of the new Bishop and of the Consecrator, as also did the caudles. The newly consecrated Bishop after tho prcsenta* tion proceeded to the Epistle sido of the High Altar, and said and did all that pertained to the pontifical offico of the Mass in unison with tho celebrant. There were special prayers appointed and said during the remainder of the service, both in the Canon and Post Communion. At the conclusion of the Mass the Consecrating Prelate blessed and placed the mitre on the head of the consecrated ; he also blessed tho ring and glovos. Tho Con secrating prelate then rose, and put the new Bishop in his scat, placed the crozier in his hand, and then, bowing to the altar, intoned the opening of the Te Detim. This hymn of joy was sung with great fervour by the priests and choir, and whilst ifc was being rendered the new Bishop, supported on either side by one of the assistant Bishops, proceeded round the church, giving his blessing to the people as he passed along. On the return to the sanctuary, and aftor the hymn and anthem had been sung, the conse crating and assistant bishops, without mitres, stood at the Gospel sidr-, and the new Bishop went to the middle of tho altar and pronounced his first Pontifical blessing in a clear, ringing tenor voice. At the blessing the sanctuary pre sented a most imposing and really grand appear ance. Tho richly-vested prelates and deacons, the number of scarlet-robed acolytes, the large assem blage of Fathers in black and white robes, the heavy crimson draperies, and the High Altai dazzling with lights and flowers, made up a scene that was beautiful and affecting in tho extreme. The music given consisted of the Kgrie, Gloria, and Credo , from Haydn's Imperial Mass, no sing ing being necessary during the other portions of the Mass. The choir was considerably augmented by members of St. Patrick's, Sacred Heart, St. Francis', and othor Catholic choirs, and the music throughout was of the highest order of excellence. An efficient orchestra, including many of the lead ing musicians of the city, was engaged, and their skilful and artistic playing was much appreciated. The solos and concerted music wero admirably rendered by Miss Bessie Harrison, Mrs. J. J. Hunt, Mrs. Banks, Mr. F. Brewer, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fitzpatrick, and Mr. Levison. To Mr. Thomas Banks and Herr Sussmilcli, organist and conductor respectively, very groat praise is duo, for to the efforts of theso two gentlemen, much of the success of tho choir on Sunday must be attributed. Boforo the Credo, tho Eight Rev. E. Torre giani ascended tho pulpit and, vested in cope and mitre, preached the following consecration ser mon. ' As the Father ha3 sent mo, I also send you . . . . Receive ye tho Holy Ghost.' — St. John, cxx. My dear children in Christ, — We are assembled hero together on this joyful occasion to witneso one of tho grandest ceremonies in the holy Catholic Church, that is tho Consecration of a new Bishop. A.s this cercmony is a vory long one, I will not attempt to preach a lengthy ser mon, but I will only addresa you a few words of consolation to show you the divine origin of the Catholic Episcopate, its mission aud its progress. To realize this idoa wo must reflect for a few moments on tho most wonderful works of God, both imminent, and transient, that is internal in Himself, and external with regard to H^ creatures, From that moment that never pauses away, thafc has neither begin ning, nor end, nor succession of othor moments ; from that moment that, measures the past, present, and future with regard to us, and yot in itself ifc is never measured by any other, moment, Qod soes and contemplates Himsolf so to spoak, and in that perfect and infinite vision of His, He sees His own image, tho terminus of His Divine intellect, tho 'brightness of His glorg and tie figure of Sis substance,' His eternal and most beloved Son. The perfect and infinite lovo that pusses between the Father and the Son is tliej only spirit of God, the Holy Ghost, thafc proceeds from tho Father and the Son. From that oternal moment God decreed to manifest outwardly His divine attributes of power, wisdom, and love. Hence in accordance with His decree Ho created out of nothing all things visible and invisible viewed in His divine mind. Having completed tho creation of tho world, Ho created man to His own imago and likeness, and placod him in tho world to rule over it in accordance with Hio divine will. So long as man remained true and faithful to his Creator everything was in perfect order; but tho moment man transgressed the law of God, then disorder began, and a fearful revolution took place between the spirit and the flesh, and even the brute creation', refused to listen to the voice of man who had rebelled ? against his God. In this fearful calamity : man was going from bad to worse. ; Tho * gates of the Heavenly ? Jerusalem were at once shufc up against fche whole of' mankind, and man was left to suffer and feel most accutely the consequences of his«~ sin of disobedience and rebellion. A promise, however, was made, ;by , God to man, after his fall, that a Redeemer . , should come Bome day to save him from all his calamities, from sin, Satan, and Holl ; bub the time was not appointed..' Hence man was work- ' - ing, was doing severe penance for the' first ! two : - thousand years, under the i guidance of ' the;,. : Traditional Word of God : for-; the second period , . of another two thousand years under the guidance ' r of both fche Traditional and Written Word of tho ? . - Most High. When this second ; period wo B I passed away the happy moment arrived when ?. ; God sent His beloved: Sod fco bring man back to , | himself, and fchus man iB guided in this period, of /. grace, not only by the Traditional and the Written Word, but also in a special manner by the Incarnate Word of God. The Son of the living Father took to Himself a human nature in order to help man to carry his; heavy burden, in order to suffer and die for him, and fchus save him from eternal perdition. This period of grace is to last until the end of the world ; and the Son of God wished to perpetuate His '? mission for fche salvation of man, by es tablishing a Church , fco carry on His holy work. To this end after His glorious Resurrection He appeared to His apostles, and said to them — ' As the Father haa sent Me, I also send you. . . . Receive yo the Holy Ghost.' ' Go, teach all nations, . . Those who beliovo shall be saved, and those who believe not shall be condemned, . . . and ho who heareth you heareth Me, and he who des piseth you despiseth Me.' To avoid any confu sion and uncertainty in tho minds of tho children of men, the Son of God wished to perpetuate His holy mission — tho salvation of man — through His Church as Ho established it — that is, with ono visible Head and organized mem bers. That was His institution. Honco it is that- among His apostles Ho chose one to ful fil this office of high priest, chiof pastor, and visible head of His whole Church, giving him special power and jurisdiction over tho Bheep and the shepherd. This chosen apostle was St. Peter, fco whom Christ said ; ' thou art Peter, and upon this rock I build my church, and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it,' — and ' I will give to thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven, whatsoever thou shalfc bind on earth it shalt bo bound also in Heaven, and whatsoever thou shalfc loose on earth it shalt bo loosed also in Heaven.' Again to Peter Christ said ' I have prayed for thee that thy faith fail not, and thou when thou art converted strengthen thy brethren.' 'Feed myjlambs, feed my sheep,' You see then cloarly, my dear children in Jeaus Christ, how Peter was constituted by our Divino Lord Himself the Head of the Church, and tho custodian of the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven, St. Gregory of Nazianzen tells us that — 'By moans of Peter, Jesus Christ makes the Bishops the dispensers of heavenly treasures.' And St. Leo affirms that — ' From Peter, the Head, every grace permeates throughout the body of fche Church, and from him all jurisdiction must pro- , eeed.' St. Cyrian remarks also that — ' As we hare one God, One Christ, one Church, so there is but one ehair of truth founded upon the Rock by the express voice of the Lord.' ' This Supreme authority,', says the same Father, ' which is the source of all other authority, is like tho sun from which all rays emanate, and towards which they at the same timo converge; it is tho fountain from which over gush forth those heavonly blessings which water with abundant graces the souls of the faithful ; it is the root of that tree whose spreading branches shall overshadow tho whole earth.' Hero, you soe, my dear children in Christ, the beginning, tho divino origin of our Holy Church. Now this Church was destined to last as long as tho world lasts ; the Apostles therefore, having understood tho meaning of the words of their divine Master, to perpotuate . ! is mission of charity for the salvation of the souls of men on earth, through tho means of this organic nud divine in stitution, chose out men, and by the laying on of hands transmitted to these their successors, tho Pastoral authority which they themselves had received, and as woll as tho spiritual gracos re quisite for tho due fulfilment of their ministry, Peter laid his hands upon Matthias, who then received tho Holy Ghost, and succeeded to the Apostlos in tho placo of the traitor Judas ; Paul took fche place of James slain by fcho word of Herod ; and li e again chose Timothy as coadjutor in his Apostolic labours, communicating to him fcho same powor by tho imposition of hands. This same Apostlo of tho Gentiles, as ho roturnod fco tho East from Rome, landed on tho Island of Crcto, and having established a churoh thoro, confided the oversight thereof to his well beloved Titus, to whom ho afterwards wrote his marvellous lefctor on the duty of a Bishop tj wards liia flock, counselling him concerning tho good government of fcho faithful committed to hie . charge. Thus, dear children in Christ, did the Apostles, . 'receiving their mission directly from their Divine Master, provide for tho succession of their office in (.lie Church in that regular order which has remained unbroken through tho lapse of eighteen centuries, notwithstanding tho most cruel and awful persecutions moved by the Trorld against Christianity in various ways and in diverse forms ; and this unbroken chain will con tinue unchanged from age to age until the Church of the Redeemer has ended its divine mission aud the eternal promise is fulfilled, which the Word Incarnate gave to His disciples when lie sent them out to teach all nations of the earth, ' Be hold, I am with you all days, even to fcho consummation of the world.' For this reason, then, this grand ceremony takes placo to-day to consecrate a new Bishop and add, by the supremo authority of fche Pope, ?who is tho Head of fcho Church and fche successor of St. Peter, prince of the apostles, a new link as it were to tho long chain of apostolic men, and a fresh member to thafc venerable body of eleven hundred and moro bishops, who afc present rule the Holy Catholic Church scattered throughout tho world, under the infiflliblo guidance of tho chair of truth, the supreme authority of the Holy See. And now, my dear children in Christ, wo must thank Almighty God from our hearts for having shown us tho way to Heaven in such clear and visible form. We must thank Him for conducting us so safely to our eternal happiness through the means of his Holy Church, which Ho guides with the Traditional, the Written, and His Incarnate Word. In acknowledging with great thankfulness those blessings of God through His Holy Church, wo must nob forget to corre spond with His divine graces. Remember that the pastors of tho Church have indeed great responsibilities towards their flocks ; but tho flocks also havo their obligations, their duties to comply with. Let the faithful thon be true to their holy religion, thoroughly united to their pastors, as tho pastors are to their chief leader, and he is to Jesus Christ, and thus with the unity of faith and sincerity of expression in that faith wo may all find our real happiness in this life and joy everlasting in tho next. Tho blessing I wish you all, in tho name of the Fathor, of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Tho whole proceedings were conducted in a fault less manner by the Very llev. Denn Dwyer, . ?with tho assistance of tho Rev. P. Ryan, and the choral arrangments were under the supervision of the Rev. J. J. Garvey. The admission to the \- pro-Cafchcdral was by ticket only, fche proceeds arising from the sale of which are to be handed ' over to the Cathedral Building Fund, aud wo must compliment the church wardens, Messrs. Daly, M'Malion, and Hicl;ey, for the indefatigable ?way in which they performed their somewhat difficult duties. Bosides tho clergymen whoso names appear as having taken an active part in the ceremonies of tho consecration tho following occupied seats within the sanctuary Very Rev. Dean Kenny, Very Rev. Dean Flanagan, Very Rev. M. Gibney, Vicar-General of Perth, W. A., f-ev. Father Dunne, Pere Gar avel, Father Harnett, Eev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, Rev. A. Ambrosoli, Rev. M. H. Byan, Rev. P. J. Mahony, and Rev. P. Quirk. All fche Marisfc J n Q nnTr ni'PnAnf. Tri7 ? Vavv 'R.nr X^libUCia 111 vi/,. ri/ijf r . C. M. Joly, S.M., Rev. F. Montrouzier, S.M. (New Caledonia), Rev. C. Frayuse, S.M, (New Caledonia), Rev. J. Fabve, S.M. (New Caledonia), Rev. M. Tresallet, S.M., Rov. C. P. Heuze, S.M., Rev. T. Lcmenanfc, S.M., Rev. Z. Muraire, S.M. Rov. J. B. Coue, S.M., and Rev. P. Renetel, ... S.M. A remarkable coincidence in connection with the ceremony was the fact thafc fcho four prolates taking part were of four different nat ionalities. Ono was English, another Irish, another Italian, and the fourth was French, fchus in a very marked manner depicting tho unive rsality of the Church. It will also interest our readers to know that His Grace the Archbishop, in practising for the consecration, used the ' Pon tificale Romanian' published in the year 15G1 (tho Elizabethan period). This rare and valuable work is, with several other literary curiosities, carefully preserved at St. John's College, by the Verv Rov. Dr. Gtllefc. , Tho solemn yet brilliant service was brought to a closo with the mutual congratulations of the newly consecrated and his consecrator, and tho assistant bishops. The prelates, clergy, and aco lytes then formed a procession and moved through the church, to the joyous strains of Mendelssohn's ' Wedding March,' to tho presby tery, where the new Bishop was entertained, afc a splendid banquot. The last occasion of a Consecration in this colony took place at the Cathedral Church of Goulburn, on Whib Sunday, June 9th, 1807, when Dr. Lanigan was raised to tho Episcopal Office. Tho Right Rev. Dr. J. Quinn, Bishop of Brisbano, officiated os Consecrating Prelate, assisted by the Right Rev. James Murray, ; . Bishop of Maifcland, and tho Right Rev. Mathew Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, and the sermon on that occasion was preached, by the lato Very ? Rev. Dr. M'Alroy. ? | The Right Rev. H. A. Fraysso, D.D., S.M., was Dom at Rodez, France, on tho 24th of June 1842. After a brilliant courso of studies in his own diocese he sought admission into tho society of Mary, and after the usual time of probation he ' was admitted to tho Religious vows, on the 6th ' ' of August, 1864. Soon after his religious pro fession his superiors appointed him to fcho chair of philosophy in the scholasticafcc of fche society. The efficiency with which ho acquitted himself in that high position caused him to be promoted to the chair of Dogmatic Tlioology at Moulin, in one of fcho Seminaries under fche direction of tho Marisfc Fathers. In 1874 his superiors appointed him to the mission of Now Caledonia, to which he wont in the company of tho Riglifc Rev. F. \- Vitfce, S.M., Bishop of Anastasiopolis, i.p.i, and Vicar-Apostolic of New Caledonia. Finding that : his health was rapidly declining, Dr. Vifcto ap ' pointed Dr. Fraysso his pro-vicar, and adminiafcra ? tor of tho Vicariuto, and wont back to Franco, ?where ho is now an invalid. Last December ho tendered his resignation to the Holy Father, Leo XIII., who, in February last, preconized Dr. Fraypso Bishop of Abila inpartibusinfidelium , and Viear- Apocsfcolic of New Caledonia. The new Bishop has one of his brothers with him in Now Caledonia, tho Rov. C. Fraysse, S.M. Ho ha3 two more brothers, priests and professed religious in the Society of Mary ; and one, a Little Brother of Mary. Two of his sisters aro nuns in the Order of the Holy Family. Dr. Fraysse is tho third Vicar-ApoBtolic of New Caledonia. The first was tho Right Rev. William Douarre, S.M., Bishop of Amata, in pariibus iijidelium, who went to the blacks of Now Caledonia, a long time before the French took possession of that Island. Dr. Douarre, after a life of hard work, pri vations, and great zeal, died amidst his dear converts to the Faith at Balado, in New Caledonia, in 1853, having lived only only fcen yeai'3 as a Bishop. Wc sincerely wish health and success to the new Bishop of New Cale donia, and to his priests (some forty Marisfc Fathers) in that most arduous and ungrateful mission. We, in Australia, know little about New Caledonia ; but we know enough to understand the difficulties when we consider that the freed convicts — who cannot go back to France — are, afc least, five times more numerous than fche re spectable portion of the population. And, although the Communists have been sent back to Paris, who can tell how many thousands of a similar class may be sent back to the island be fore many years elapse ? And the doings of fche Republic at Paris are known to tho world. What guarantee have we that things will go on better in thafc colony than in the mother country? We are much inclined to believe that for some time to come no human ' comfort will cheer the shepherd of the flock ; but our prayei'3 and good wishes will accompany him, and, in eighteen months, when lie again comes to Sydney for the opening of St.. Mary's Cathedral, wo hope to find him much comforted by the dawn of a new state of things in his vicariate, which Dr. Vitte put under the good protection of St. Joseph. ' Ad mnltos anuos !' 