ALES, ETC. MOY O'BRIEN. A TALE OP IRISH LIFE. CHAPTER XXVIII.—(Continued.) BY MBLUBINE. " AH ! that is different," said Miss Wentworth, quickly. "I am aconsed of having very Republican ideas; but I assure you, if I were to speak (as I know I could" not) with any pleasant familiarity to English people of the peasant class, they would not understand me. I really do not know what the consequences would be; I fear the people would presume upon it, and become quite insufferable ; but here, why, though there is one would think, a social gulf wide enough between the poor and the Arthurs they speak to one another in the most familiar way, and (and this is the moBt gurions part of it) it does not seem odd to me, they all seem to be devoted to the Arthurs, and to have the deepest respect for them, while they joke and laugh with them as though they were equals." "I have heard many English people make the same remark," said Moy. "I think the Irish have tact, which is a valuable gift." " They certainly have most charming manners." And just then, by Moy's directions, Hiss Wentworth drew up the ponies in the high road. She and Moy got out, and leaving the carriage in charge of the groom, they turned down an old road that led near the river, and soon found themaelves passing along the wall which had been built of late years round the ancient graveyard and the ruinB of the abbey; into tbiB wall was built many well-preserved capitals, corbels, and mouldings which once adorned this beautiful Cistercian Monastery. The very steps they mounted were formed of carved and fluted stones, and these steps led over into the graveyard, a neglected and solitary spot. Moy did not care when with others to look on Dermot's grave, so when she had settled Miss Wentworth for her sketch she returned to the steps and sat down. Mr. Gilmartin was a good part of the distance on his way to Ireland before he asked himself what he had come for. The only excuse he had was that he had seen a night or two before he got Miss Wentworth's letter, Mr. Davoren's name mentioned in the debates in the house,- and, taking for granted that Moy's future husband being absent, and her grandfather dying, there was no one to stand up and fight her battles for her, he was justified in coming to her side as a neighbour, a friend of the family, indeed, with a flash of satisfaction as he Temembered the circumstances, as one of the family. This would be explanation enough for Miss Wentworth or for anyone else. When he arrived in Ballyvorna he left his luggage at the inn and went straight to Mr. O'Brien's. He was shown in by Kitty, and found Mr. Davoreu in the drawing-room. He, therefore, naturally enough said nothing about his reason for coming to Ireland, but expressed his intense regret at what he had heard, and received in return from Mr. Davoren a statement of all that had occurred from the moment when Mr. Hackney walked into Moy's dining-room on that eventful night till Moy left the house of Mr. Syms with Lord Arthur and his daughter. At last Mr. Gilmartin, having taken his hat, and "said " Good-bye," nobly owned to himself as he walked down the road that Mr. Davoren was a fine gentlemanlike fellow. He had heard that Moy was out driving and who she was with, but not where they had gone. He walked aimlessly along and tried to make up his mind whereabouts the driver had been shot. Before he had satisfied himBelf on thiB point he was a long way down the road, and now every Btep he took recalled Moy as he had met her that July morning coming to meet him—beaming, joyous, and beautiful. He suddenly determined that he would take a solitary walk to the caves which she had told him about, but which she had never yet seen. He knew they were somewhere near the abbey, and a place haunted by her presence would be a comfort to him in his present frame of mind ! As he walked' on he wondered if he would meet the pony carriage, and how he would be received by its occupants 1 Did Moy know of his engagement, and if so, did shecare? or was she too much rapt up in the thought of that nice fellow he had iust been talking to ? Was she really happy—was sheaB light-hearted and witty as of old ? And Miss Wentworth ? Well, she would only think it natural that he should come into the neighbourhood of two snch attractions as herself and Gilmartin Oastle 1 " Castle," indeed ! a heap of ruinB ! He had one of the best properties in the country, he was going to be married, and he had no hooae to call his own! But was he going to be married ? It seems like a dream to-day ! Well, " dreams are true while they last, and do we not live in dreams f" It was hard to realise here, and now, that he WM engaged to anyone but Moy O'Brien! Why bad he been such a weak fool as not to know his own. mind! He bad far better have gone to Timbuctoo and stayed there, than engage himself even to one of the best women in the world, a woman deserving of a man's whole devotion. However, it was too late now. He had just mentally said this word "too late," when he saw the pony carriage in the road. The groom touched his hat, and Mr. Gilmartin asked where the ladies had gone, and was directed down the old road that led to the abbey. He walked on with a stern expression of countenance. He was to meet them, then, side by side, the woman who loved him, and the woman whom he loved. It was ajtrying moment. He looked on and saw a lady sitting on the step that led over into the graveyard. He knew that lithesome figure could be none other than Moy O'Brien. She turned her head when she heard the step; and their eyes met. Oh, how unlike was this to their first meeting in Ireland. Then all was frank gladnesB between them, and now P She did not hurry to him with a blush and a smile. No, she started and turned pale, and the sadness of her face settled into a look of quiet reserve. She did not even get down off the step, but perhaps he was beside her too soon for that. If Moy was calm, he was not. He could not speak for a minute; he dared not trust himself. They shook hands like ordinary acquaintances. Moy was the first to make any remark. " I did not know you were in the country," she said. " When did you come P" " About an hour ago, and you know why I came. I heard the trouble you were in, and I could not stand the sea being between us. I thought you were alone—that Mr. Davoren was busy in London." " How good of you," said Moy, in a low voice. " How good of you—how like you." "Thanks," said he, in an icy voice. " I have just had a long talk with Mr. Davoren, and"— But Moy looked so intensely startled, almost alarmed, that he added, quickly, " I liked him better than I ever did— indeed I ought to say I think him a noble fellow." " He is," said Moy, gently. There was a silence between them for a moment; then be said, " So now my work here is done. I am thankful to hear all has ended so well." "Butyou will not go so soon?" said Moy. "Why should I stay? I can say I came over on business, which is the truth. It was my business to help you if you stood in need of my help'; but I cannot remain now. While you are here I must stay away." Moy felt fearfully agitated and anxious, too, lest Miss Wentworth should come walking up and hear what he was saying. She said hurriedly she did not choose her words well. "My grandfather is so much better that I believe he is to have change of air soon. Do not go; the people miss you so ! I shall soon be out of your way." "Great God! out of my way!" he said, that was all. He leant hiB head down on his arms that were already resting on a foliated capital built into the wall, and they neither of them spoke for some minutes, then Moy saw Miss Wentworth picking her steps through the uneven graves; she had heard voices and was coming. Moy, terrified lest she would see the despair of Mr. Gilmartin's attitude and perhaps ask for an explanation of the scene—she was so downright —touched her companion lightly on the shoulder, "Miss Wentworh is coming," •he said. Then he raised his head, and by the time Miss Wentworth got up to the steps he was ready to help her over, for Moy had stepped down by this. " Denis, what a surprise I" said Miss Wentworth, brightly, " why, you never gave me a hint that you were coming." "Did I not P" said he. CHAPTER XXIX. We most not stint Our aeoooomy notions in the fear To oope malioions oensmrers. BHAKSPBUUS. IF Mr. Gilmartin liked roughing it in Cambodid and Tibet, he certainly did not in Ballyvorna. He had not been three days at the inn before a fine covered carriage arrived for his use, quickly followed by carriage and riding horses. One morning Moy was tying up some flowers in the garden when he passed the gate on horseback. She knew he had seen her, for he raised his hat, but he never attempted to stop. Moy had not been outside the garden since her drive with Miss Wentworth. Her grandfather was now able to come downstairs for about two hours every day, and read his Dublin papers as of old. Mr. Davoren went about a good deal and brought home the news that the tenants on Mr. Hackney's estate, hearing that Mr. SymB was throwing up the agency were in despair, for they jumped to the conclusion that he was leaving because he refused to sanction harsh measures towards themselves. They were waiting in sullen gloom for the outburst of Mr. Hackney's wrath, for the notices of increased rents would mean notice to quit! But while they thus waited they collected amongst themselves out of their hard earnings a sum of money to present the Scotch agent with some little token of gratitude for the many times he had made a stand in their interests and interposed between them and Mr. Hackney's unjust demands. The rumour was that Mr. Hackney was going away to England to find a man after his own heart as the new agent, but that he would let Ardeevin and the grounds about it to anyone who would keep it in repair. This bad, indeed, been his first thought; but now the real truth was that he was leaving Ballyvorna and Ireland for good ! "For good" in every sense of the word to those he left behind ! He meant to sell the place to some Manchester man, and he had induced Mr. Syms to remain till the business was completed. His real intention was to be kept a profound secret from the tenants while his first idea was to be noised abroad. He was determined that his poor tenants should not benefit by tbe change. All the malignity of his nature was just now in the ascendant. Wherever he went he met with freezing politeness from the gentry, and scowls of hatred and looks of scorn from the peasantry. His life was becoming unbearable. He seemed beneath the contempt of those around him. No threatening letter reached him, no man waylaid him. They merely seemed to shrink from meeting him, as one would turn out of the path to avoid some noisome beast. Though Mr. Davoren ought to have been in London he refused to leave Moy and her grandfather till he had some idea of what Mr. Hackney's movements were to be. He was always trying to find out; and one day he came in with the joyful news that the man was going to sell the property and leave the country for ever. But this fact had been communicated to Maurice under the most solemn promise that he would not divulge the truth to any of the tenants. No, but there was no reason why the the news should not go to America. Moy sat down and wrote at once to Mr. M'Donnell, the Irish-American, who it may be remembered, had been so kind and attentive to Moy and Mrs. Fitzgerald when they were crossing from Holyhead to Dublin. Mr. and Mrs. M'Donnell were then on their way to Cork to take passage for the United States, after their gay visit to Paris and London. Moy had touched the right cord in the young wife's heart. It was she who had hitherto prevented Mr. M'Donnell from settling in Ireland, and spending some of his enormous wealth in the land of his birth; but before Mrs. Fitzgerald and Moy Baid good-bye the wife had assured them that it would not be her fault if her husband did not pay a long visit the following summer to the Emerald Isle. She also promised to bring her little girl, who had always hitherto been left at home, so that they could stay a long time, and perhaps decide upon purchasing some desirable property; and then they had given Moy their address, so that if she heard of anything very good in the meantime she could let them know. And now the letter was written, giving full and minute particulars of old Ardeevin, which was really a noble place, standing on a height, and commanding almost as fine a view as Mr. Gilmartin would have when he built his-new house on the site he had made Moy select. " I have not seen the house at Ardeevin for a long time," Moy wrote, " but I hear that Mr. Hackney has greatly added to and improved it." Then she had to describe the farms and. the property, and even this {with Mr. Davoren's assistance) she did wonderfully well. Then she spoke of the people as in general quiet, well-conducted, and intelligent, but that a bad landlord had roused some of them to fury, and driven others away—that, had he been, able, he would have made his tenants little better than serfs; but that she believed a land and reasonable landlord might do anything with them. Moy also told Mr. M'Donnell that, if he made up his mind to write about the property, he had better 1 not mention that he had beard of . the intended sale from her, and explained her reasons for this piece of advioe. She further told him that Mr. Hackney, originally from Manchester, was trying, shebelieved, to sell to some friend there. " Well, as the Americana would say, I think that ought to fetch him," said Mr. Davoren, laughing, as he handed the letter to Moy, after reading it over camfully. " And, now," he added, " I have ordered that ancient covered car for this afternoon to take us over to the Arthurs. You ought to return Miss Wentworth's visit, and the drive will do you good." So they west and found Lady Catherine in the act of writing to Moy. How curious," she said, coming from her little writing table to meet them. " I was just asking you both to ome over and dine with us to-morrow, to talk over some private theatricals we re trying to get up." Moy thanked her, but declined the heatricals. " You know, dear," she said, " I have ot been anywhere the whole winter." ~ The very reason you ought to begin ow. Don't you think so P" and she appealed to Mr. Davoren. He agreed with her. He thought it would be good for Moy, and that aha ought to do it. '' And now that Mr. O'Brien is so well she has no excuse," said Lady Catherine, So Moy felt herself being drawn into gaiety against her will. She had many good reasons for not wishing to go out just now, but the strongest was to help Mr. Gilmartin. Had he not said, " While you are here I must stay away." "We have already had such fun,"' continued Lady Catherine. " We were reading Shakspeare aloud, and one evening we actually set to work to act Hamlet. We did Mr. Wentworth up in black calico, which cracked frightfully aa poor Hamlet walked about, and I lent the ghost my waterproof, and although papa said it ought to have been called a 'screaming farce,' I think it was very good. However, this new idea is on a much grander scale ; and it seems to me there are a great many more people at home now than there used to be. I find I can scrape together a really respectable sized audience, and now, Mr. Davoren, will you act ?" " TheGhost in Hamlet?" he aBked. " I will choose that if I may have your waterproof." She blushed and laughed. " No, no. This time we are not going to attempt tragedy. We have almost decided on ' The Ladies' Battle.' It's very easy they say. Do you know it ?" " Yes, but I have only seen it acted by amateurs," he said. " Ah, so much the better for UB. Yon won't be drawing comparisons between some celebrated professionals and our humble selveB. But to proceed. Miss Wentworth is to be Leonie, her brother is to be the Brigadier, I am to be the Countess, and Mr. Gilmartin has at last consented to act Henri de Flavigneul. I think he will describe that scene beautifully where he pins his own cross on the old soldier's breast. But now, Mr. Davoren, what will you beP" and she looked very eager for his answer. "I think," said Maurice," the only character left for me to take is the one I would soonest have. But do you really want help ?" : Oh, most decidedly I have been counting upon your help. I knew it was no use asking Moy. There is the Baron de Montrichard left and Gustavo de Grignon." At that moment Miss Wentworth entered the drawing-room, and as Moy hurried forward to meet her, Mr. Davoren said in a low voice to Lady Catherine,' Let me be De Grignon when he says to the Countess, ' I will go through with it, like the bravest of them, if I may bat hear you say at my last moment—I ani by you 1'" Miss Wentworth thought as Mr. Davoren was presented to her that he had a fine face, and was a remarkably happy looking man, while the next moment she found herBelf remarking the unusually brilliant colour in her cousin's face." Moy thought that Miss Wentworth looked anxious. She had not the calm, happy look of the other day, when they were driving together, but she took her knitting at once, and so occupied herself while she talked. Her knitting, as Eady Catherine pointed out, was worth re-: marking. It was only woollen socks for gentlemen, but with these she had put in a church window, and now supported a coffee palace in London. Her Mends bought the stockings from her, and got her " large orders'' from others. At last" May looked at-Mr. Davoren, and roseto take leave, sad then it was arranged that the two ahbulft dine with the Arthurs the following idiayjr and talk the "plaj"! ''''V^' ' : As they drove home Maurice said,"! am glad, for my own sake, that iadj Catherine is to be the Countess j hstiriM ought to have been Leonie, forshe looks much younger than Miss Wept| " ' Moy longed .to ask. in Henri de Flavigneul stood to j she dared not. : ' ' - {To le continutA.) ; ; . -1 