? T^0OLO.NIin[EXJPB3HE3SQE.'ir Written eapeciaJlyifbrCW* Weik. (Continued from-iaat tueak.) Hs'noxt morning I was obliged toiWi'but' \- f, and did not return- till dinner-time, in ; I was a little late, so that-Iraas iBurpriaed admiyself inaole possession of the house, yhad gone out tiding, the servant told me, 'had said nothing about being 'detained, time want on I got fidgetty and rase fit lnst- fce-jf I could got any information as, to their amenta at the station, for no one up here . aedito nave taKen any. uotico 01 ine airec thay had ridden in ; bnt aa I was goia.: : bd-f or my horse 1 heard tho sonnds of ap »ohing hoofs, and saw Mrs. Drummond ktnng up. She was .alono, and answered look cf inquiry, as I opened the gate, for , by saying,— ... SIiB3 Blount found a letter at Grettan say her mother is i seriously ill. For ately, Mr. Creek was starting for town this irnoon, so she went off with him in a little :o than an hour attor she got the news.' That was luoky . But did they let you ride k by yourself?' . , There was no one there. Even .Mrs. Urees i away ; besides Folly. is as quiet as a sheep I oven I oould not miss my way .' i ' At any rate, you hava not ; tha.t is a oom-. t.' [ think Miss fllonnt would , have been tered had she known how much we miasod . 'ninnpr. innfAHil of hfiinfir ' the cheerf u' alit had been, was as dull. as a funeral feast. lid not seem to have, an idea at command i the few sentences 1 got out sounded stu lity itself. Even my hands shared in the barraasment, for my carving, never good, s to-ni^ht a miracle of clumsiness. I .i.a wild duck to perform upon. Now -.a .wretched little bird was a proof of how ;ea our most coveted desires are only \- mockery when ? gained. Mrs. Drum rad having expressed a wish to ta&to; is particular kind, I had spent some hours in e early morning wading through a very muddy atnp in pursuit of it, and had. counted my If a fortunate man when it fell a viotim to y by no means unerring aim; yet I ended ? pouring anything but blessings on its head; retrying in my nervousness to carve with ay rapidity, my. fork slipped, and away went e duck, with a jump as if it had been alive, jht out of the dish ar,d, sending a shower of ?avy in all directions, left .me with my rk up in the air and looking the biggest fool mginable. Ab to the, attendant Hebe she rat gave a little squeal as a great splash of ?avy struck her full in the face, and then snt off into a Bplutter .of laughter that she uld only conceal by running out of the room, no good thing, my little accident had the eficct sotting us more at our ease for the rest of e dinner, and the evening promised to pass fay with somewhat leBS of stiffness than it id begun. I don't know why I should have It so stupid, for I had of ten to idl intents and irposes Bpent an evening alone with her, for jr^Drummond frequently, when I was up at «ie house, weut.oS to his den for moat, of .e time. .. ,,, d was sure now, indeed I was sure Bince ,1 ivo her the screen, that she had forgiven me y folly, if indeed. she had ever, percdved it, l it m nnf. Hint that troubled me. One ung bothered me though, whether I ought to op on up at the house. It. did not seem to me oite right that I should remain, yet how could '?(ay anything; moreover I did not consider mt she should be left without more protection lan the servants. Naturally thia state of un irtainty made me uncomfort .ble, and I can't alp thinking that she was debating the Bame uestion, for she waa unmistakeably embar lased. She made hardly any effort to second y attempts at conversation ; got np several mes and sat down again without doing any dng save more aimlessly gaze about the room ; ant to tho piano, but after try ing to sing or play, ad failing decidedly in both, shut down the istrnme -it with an impatient gesture ; then iok up some work and. bending over 'seemed determined to become abaotded in . I got a book, but if she didn't o more work than I , did reading, her iece of embroidery was not much the atter for her devotion. I wonder how long e sat there, Dotn suenc ana seemingly bo soupied. I for my part, though I certainly it my eyes mechanically wander over the page f the book before mo, hardly saw the 'words, srtainly did not take in their meaning ; while I eard every rustle of her dross, the very sound f her needle aa it passed through the stuff she as embroidering. I could not but think what pretty picture she would have made as Bhe it there. The light falling on her. bending ead with its shining tresses, on the milk-white hroat, on the soft curves 'of her slender form; colour far more fright 'than the faint pink hat generally tinged [ her -fceetisj gave her omplexion. an unusual brilliancy and made one solice more than ever the exquisite purity and jirnesa of her skin. Nothing could be more asily graceful thau her pose, drooping lightly ovor her work; or prettier than. the uick, deft movements 'of her small hands and heir rounded pliant wrists. I don't know as I ioked that I did wish Miss Blount back again. 3nzing at Mrs. Drummond seemed a quite ufficient and pleasant occupation, ur course j. nly ventured a glance now and then, but these tolen glimpaefl filled up the time in a horoughly satisfactory manner. The approach of a servant (Mary had a pair f uncommonly pretty feet and the tramp of n elephant) made Mra. Drummond look rip nd break tho silence that had lasted so long, rler remark was about nothing in particular nt her voice Btruck me, it reminded me i the time when I rode over to ask her to the licnic, and met her as I came out of the Trench window ; it had a curious strained one, as if she conld only steady it by an effort if her will. But I am not euro whether it was lot t- fanoy on my part, for, when she spoke igain, it Bounded as usual. My chapter of accidents had not come to an nd yet. As I. was giving her a glass of water, ny hand in some awkward way, touched hers ; ither I, confused at my blundering, let go the {lass too soon, or she relaxed her hold ; at any rate', the tumbler fell,both of ub made a dart to recover it, and only escaped as by a miracle rrom.knocking our heade together. This set.ua -fi laughing ; so that this fallen glaBS not only rjroke-itself but the ice that had formed between M. - . Next morning thingB were as nsual, and at iinnor it seemod quite a matter of course that we should sit Me-i-tile; that afterwards I jhould pour out the tea for her as well as carry kn.' h^ ntm ' afnWri hv hnr side as she saner asking for and hearing al) ray favourite pieces . read to her as she worKed. Both bcok and; Bmbroidery woro the same as on the previous night, but I had no lack of interest now with her for a listener, to exchange sometimes a few words of appreciation or critloimn, sometimes only a glance of sympathy ; while I think her , embroidery waB rather a Buffernr. !;'' In the courao of tho ovening she told me that the hud heard from Mi. Drummond, who was to return in at. most two days. A little while after this piece of newB, that I ? Can't honoBtly say rejoiced mo exceedingly, ehe ? began talking about a flower she had once seen i in a BDrub that had exactly tho scent of vanilla. I remembered perfeotly her speaking of it tho day her husband had bo curtly dismissed me to tho bachelors' quarters, and I proposed that the next afternoon we should ride out in search of it Neither of us said as much, bnt I am pretty sure we both Know ic wan uuu u» »» Ht^u ?? ?we really wished to look for it ; for Mr. Dro mond wasn't much given to wasting his time in excursions with his wife in quest ot tha moturesquo, either iu flowersor scenery ; and he took good care not to let mo he spoiled by ?? idleness— for whicn last, mind you, I by no means blame him, quite the reverse I bv eood fortune, had not much work the'Jrt day. Sad I, I am pretty cer tain that duty for once— and I am. by no means euro that I am satu nproeh, in this matter on a great many occasions -would We had an early lunch and shortly after two we started. Folly aa skittish aa a colt, tosemg her head, arching her neck, smvetting and prancing, pretending to shy and be moouehmg at every bush and f alien branch, and even Sepoy, nsually the moat staid, if he was abo the most SSyfof steed*, indulged in a pjg-jump or two toThow how much ha appreoiated-imiUtwu beinar the einoeroat of flattery — the graceful gatabola of his equine oompanion. Australian scenery does not gtriko at first ; but its beauty grows npon one. This, I think, is chiefly owing to its depending so much on the weather, aa it ia o'n the atmosphere its; beauty mainly rests, for that is, so exquisite in itself that under favourable circumstances it gives a singular charm oyeu to an; ordinary landscape. So on this day as we rode along our admiration was continually excited, though it would have been hard by description to justify our praise. The air was 80 j clear and limpid, tho play of light and shadow so lovely and so varied, that a Bunny glade where groups of trees arranged by Sature's oareleasly graceful hand, gave it the air of a vista in a royal park. A narrow gully in which banks of ferns were shimmering in the sunshine, the fringe of wattles covered with thair fragrant blossoms of paley gold, along a watercourse ; a little valley winding away towards the hills, the long blady grass with which it was over-grown tinged 'with golden brown, and waving and swaying be fore thd slightest breeze till you could almost suppose some invisible hand was bending it down as it passed softly over ; a group of gum trees, their giant trunks white as milk and lustrous as satin, rising straight and branchless for more than a hun dred foet, their shadowy foliage looking ghost, like against the pale blue Bky. A score of suoh objects, trifling in themselves, but made lovely by an atmosphere luminous witn sott light, that surrounded them, attracted us at every turn. Some of the views were indeed beautiful in themselves. Thero was one crossing place wh' ere, as we rode down the steep bank, we found ourselves nearly shut out from the garish light of day by some noble chestnuts that grew in the channel, their pale green delicate leaves only letting the sun glint down here and there enough to show the crystal clear ness of the water, not above our horses' fetlooks, which ran sparkling along, and forming an ever changing network of light and shade over the pebbly bottom. To our right the broad lagoon spread out perfectly still and reflecting like a mirror the scrub thut clothed its bonks, and formed perfect walls . of the richest and moat varied verdure. Tinkle, tinkle, went the little bell birds, lite fairy chimes ringing in the wind ; then ' the long-drawn liquid note ending in a sudden ohirp, that has earned for its utterer the name of coach- whip, would be heard. And again, as we rode uuder a big spurthat'projebted' from the iange, as it ros'e up above us, clothed to the summit in un broken forest, its '? orest came out against the sky as if carved in ivory, so clear was every curve, bo distinot each ragged pine, but there was no sharpness or hardness ; the wou derf ul transparence of the atmosphere was softened by the golden haza that, floated over all; that filled each ravine, and lay like a veil on the wooded sides. . ' Involuntarily as we looked up, we turned, and our eyes met, and hers told me a thousand times better than the most eloquent words, how the beauty of the sight touohed her. But we were not voiceless as a rule. Mrs. Drummond, generally rather silent, was to-day aB gay a a child ; indeed, we were neither of us very far from beincr bov and girl, and anyone who had Been us racing over the big plain and heard her ringing musical laugh as she came iu the winner by^a few yards, might have supposed we were two youngsters out for a holiday. One inciden: was hardly cheerful though. At Cedar 'Crossing we .went over the river again. This was a very different place to the first ford. The weBtern bank was high, though the edge of a small flat, and as the bed of the stream was narrow we seemed to be going into a dark trough as we rode down. The water was shallow, but black from the dense shade of the trees after whioh the place was called, and its'aluggish flow gave it a sullen look. On the opposite side flood water seemed to have broken down the ba.uk, and as we came out of this miniature ravine we found ourselves on a bare ridge, only a few stunted iron-harka being scattered over it. There, on one side, were the remains of a deserted hut, a couple of charred posts still standing, slabs lying about, the traces, of. a fire-pla«B. yet ...visible. . . _Qn_the_ other side of the track was. a small mound ; it was on rising ground stbney arid- barren; not a blade .of grass grew on it .^or near it ; the rains had washed away the loose earth, so that it looked more like a heap of coarse gravel than anything else. But no, there wits no!mistaking it, though not 'a' post or a Btone, not an attempt at enclosure ~ marked out this lonely grave. ' Mra. Drumraond gave a little cry as our horses, jumping up from the water woru track, brought us suddenly in full view of thiB dismal object. '! It's not a cheerful sight, is it?' I said, as we| pulled up and looked down.' 'Nor is it connected with a pleasant story. A German shepherd lived' in the old iut and he used'td make his wife work like a nigger. The poor woman, it seems, was in wretched health, but tho brute thrashed herif she didn't do everything he wanted ; so, though she could scarcely crawl about, shemanaged to get throughhertasks. One afternoon a boundary rider, going up to the hut, found the womahlyinu dead not far from; it, lan axe still in her hand. 'Horrified, he galloped up to the nut to see it any one was in. There wub tho shepherd' 'coolly eating ..his' supper! ? 'Don't you ? know your wife is lying dead close by?' he called out. ' ' Yes, I do know my voman is det, because when I oome home the firevas out.' 'But you don't mean to 'leave her there 5' 'And why not? -I don't want a det mans in' the hut mi t me.' Luckily Barker wasn't likely to stand that sort of thing, and' as he- was big enough to eat the fellow, be made him bring the poor creature into the hut, and next day they sent out from tho Btation and had her bnried ' 'But how was it,'' asked Mrs.' Dummond, ' that no one interfered' before ? Bobeit oould not hate known.' . ' Most assuredly ho did not ; bat the men, most of them at anyrate, did ; but the right of a husband to beat am wife, if he so pleases, seems quite a reoognased thing. Tho women talked a little, or rather, a great deal at first ; but as the Brute was married again in less thon six weeks, I suppose thoy too thought the fault lay in the- woman for dying, not in the moa's ill-treatment.' ? We were not so lively after this, though we did not say much more about it ; but I di&n;'t find any particular faolt with the- change, for Mrs. Drammond became almost coafidentiaJ, as she told me about her childhoed and early girlhood. Her mother had died whon oho wub quite young. , Her father was in India. So she had been brought up* bv an uncle, also a widower, and an old hard man who showed no mere affection to her th&n; to his own only child, a girl a little younger than herself. This' child, who. -was extro-i ely pretty, was always- being held up to her sb a rival, against whaeo superior, charms she had] not a ehanco. ' I oould not talS you,' she said, ? what pangs of mortification, I was roado to endure about EUft'a superiority. I didi think her quite lovely, but would cot have owned it for the world. I1 Selt bo indignant at it- being for aver thrust upon me. , I don't think, I re sented tho dowa-right remark of the ol3 butler, 'That I couldn't hold a candle to his young mistress,' half as much as I did the' taunts of th« maida, that I should never be married till Misu JiUa haiimoile me.waik Dehinca her as a bridesmaid. I often laugl at the plane I( used to form as to how I eoul&, escajre such an ignominy.' ' But surety,' I began ; but somehow I could not got the words to come that would express my surprise at her not being throught pretty, quite forgatting my own first impressions. I Buppose t&ough; I looked what I thought, for she frowned 'a little and said qeite coldly, — ' Oh ! pray don't pay me compliments ; I only epsak of the past. I am not at all humble minded now.' Then, changing her tone, she continued : — ' Was it not luoky I mot Kobert, for I was capable of taking Bine Beard, mysterious chamber, and all. And you can't imugiuo,* giving me a Bauoy look, ' what a model lover Robert was. Kvon old nurse, who snubbed mo on nil occasions, had to own the power of much despisod oharms. ' It must he your fair hnir,' she used to Bay, eyeing me wonderiugly. I suppose she thought my light tresses had some magical glamour for Eobert'a raven locks.' : ' Is your oouain married yet ?' ?' Yes, and dead. I wish they bod not made BOch muohief between us. Perhaps, if we bad .' .,?'.' been let alone, we should neither of us h&ve; married so young aB we did. Thattonnds odd,' she added, colouring with a vivid blush ; ' bat I do think one hardly knows one's mind at eighteen; and perhaps, if Ella and I had re mained longer together she would not have made the foolish matph she did, throwing away all .her chances, and' then fretting herself into a decline, because she had only got, a mero mortal in exchange, — though, for that matter, I fancy no one is quite satisfied.' ' ' Bnt the flower,— we) were so occupied with other things that we had both forgotten all about it, but with true feminine ingenuity Mrs. Drummond put the whole fault of forgetful. 1 Mr. Vernor,' she said, ' where 1b the flower? You have brought me out on purpose to show it to you, and you have never once thought of Of course I confessed my guilt, and humbly declared that if she would' only give me some clue as to where it 'was to be found, I would do my. best to get it ; but : that was just what ahe could not do. We were at the right scrub— of that she was sure, but her reoolleotion of the situation of the plant seemed to be of the most hazy description. Half a dozen times ehe was certain she recognised tho tree on whioh it grew, but when we rode nearer, the result of a closer inspection was not satisfactory, and at last she had to own that her memory had not retained any mark that might guide ua in the search. So, as it waB getting late, we had to turn back, and the question as to whether this flower belonged, or did not belong, to a true vanilla orchid, is an unsolved mystery to this day. _ ' Mr. Drummond did not come home for Borne days after the time he had named for his return, though he knew Miss Blount had left. his wife having written to tell him so. I have often wondered since how he could have so lingered. Had he become so accustomed to my presence as to be unconscious of the equivo cal'position my being alone with her placed his wife in ; or had h«, if aware of it, suoh com plete trust in her as to be regardless of remarks f Under no circumntances, however, do I hold him blameless. He must have known what would be said, and for her sake, if heedless himself of the opinion of others, he should have let nothing stand in his way in putting an end to so unfair a position. Even to me, who was enjoying a most exquisite happiness in this daily and close companionship with a woman always attraotive, and to me inex pressibly to, this dread was the one bitter drop in my cup ; and I have sometimes reproached myself that I, on my part, did not put an end to it. And yet how could I; would not any suoh attempt from me have savoured of absurd vanity and presumption ?. '. i {To be concluded next week.) - 