The Cruise of the Liverpool. BY BREECHLOADER. ; . . n. PERHAPS the only drawback against freely en joying this paradise, is tho abundance of stinging tree which is tobe met with on rambling through the island. The stinging tree is very dangerous, the pain being almost unbearable ; on mun the effects oro not so deadly as on cattle, horses, dogs, &c.; The feeling on touching this plant is one of intense pain, resembling tho forcing into tho flesh of a lot of red hot .needles ; kerosene or tur pentine, if immediately applied, will greatly alleviate tho pain. Landed on the island next morning, and while wandering along tho beach in search of relics of tho Merchant wo carno upon a grave, a blackfellow's grave suggested ono of the party. But the natives have so many modes of caring for their dead, that it would be folly to grasp, at conclusions. They sometimes dig a round- bolo, about 14 feet deep, and place tho body ; in a sitting posture; another time they bury in the usual manner, the coffin consist ing of a sheet of bark; another mode is that of preserving them, a la mummy, and putting them to roost in a tree, shelter ing the remains from the weather, by Bheets of bark (a mummy of this description was found by Phil Garland, a well-known becho-de-mer captain, in the vicinity.of CaimB, on the pioneer trip of tho Porpoise) ; and still another mode is that of erecting a platform of Bticks, from six to seven feet high from the ground. On this plat form the body is laid, wrapped in grass matting, and wound about with bark netting. I remember, on one occasion, being out mustering scrub cattle, we came upon one of those burial places. It was a dreary, spot, and a chill morning air sweeping through the gorge made mournful music in the straggling branches of the she-oak trees. A dingo ?kinked away into the scrub, and a couple of crows were busy with the bones of the dead. We soon left this melancholy place, as the skeleton, like . Hamlet's ghost, scented the morning air. But'I am digressing, gentle reader. The grave was that of a poor sailor who died, I believe, from Daintree fever, and was buried here by his kind and loving shipmates. With all humility wo left this place, the wind, as it were, wailing its low requiem over the " mariner's grave." ! Ah, reader, the day shall come when we, too, will slumber, careless of the voice of the morning ! In tho season this island is frequented by thousands of the common Torres Straits pigeons, while in the soruh scrub-hens are also plentiful. They, how ever, are not eagerly sought after, being about as tender as the sole of an old boot. Here also, on the S.E. side of the island, perched in the rocks high above high water, lies tho starboard quar ter and port bow of the Merchant. Left early next morning, passed through the Family Group, of .'Islands; anchored for an hour at No. 4 Island. Hore.; I'took a picture of tho Bishop's Bock, so called by Mr. Thomas from its fancied resem blance, when seen in a certain position, to that dignified member of the church. I must not forget to mention that our breakfast this morning consisted of fish, a largo species of fish having jumped on board during the run over. No doubt it,wos pursued by a shark, and in its eagerness to esoape jumped from tho frying-pan into the fire. Hove -up, and proceeded to Tam O'Shanter's Point, keeping close with the coast, and as the morning mists gradually disappeared from the hill tops.the scenery became interesting. The moun tains on this part of the coast come down to the watei's edge, and are clothed with a rich green coating of dense scrub, broken hero and there by patches of open forest country, while here and there B light blue ourl of smoke may be seen "oroclaiming the whereabouts of the wily savage. By* means of smoke the blacks telegraph to ono another, each different coloured smoke having a different meaning. On our approaching close to the mainland, tho fires were immediately extin guished, but when wo put about and stood out to sea, they again appeared greatly magnified. r.i'However, as the blocks on this pait of the . ooast aro noted for their treachory, we had no in clination for visiting them. Anchored for tho night ât'Fryingpàn Bay, Dunk Island. This island is situated about 25 miles to tho north of Cardwell ; it. is about eight miles in circumference, and is röpprtod to contain some first- class agricultural land., There is a never failing supply of fresh water cloBe to the beach on the N.W. side, while on the eastern or seaward side, on tho border of the ? beach, grow Borne of the finest shade trees it is imaginable to conceive, forming quite an avenue for the natural promenade of tho beach. It was . from this island that the schooner Douglas took the blacks who perpetrated the horrible massacre ph board that vessel, at the Chilcott Islands, and it ,was here that the first of the wreck of the Merchant came ashore ; it was here that Pilot Brittain found the figure-head of that vessel. It at present adorns his garden at Cardwell; and it woe on Tam O'Shanter's Point, abreast of this eland, that tho rafts of the brig Maria came ashore, i i tho vessel being bound to New Guinea on a gold expedition, and was totally lost on Bramble Beef, the best part of the mon who escaped on tho rafts wero killed by the blacks. It is therefore reason able to suppose that, from the many murders and other dopredations committed by tho blacks, that this part of the coast ßhould bo placed under a sort of taboo. Next morning, after taking in Borne more balla st, we made a start, and passed Clump Point at noon. The gay luxuriant viewB that break upon the travelior as he winda this part of the mainland along, appear like scenes of fairy enchantment. As ho advances the scenery is diversified and new ; one part on tho land has the appearance of an aneient embankment, the natural groves coming down to the water's edge in such regularity and precision that ono is almost constrained to believe them to bo the work of an experienced landscape gardener; tho whole producing, aB it were, tue appearance of some wealthy nobleman's estate in fact, so genuine is the embankment that tho passer-by is held spell-bound, as it were, in expec tation of seeing an express train como pulling along. It is indeed a pretty place, and could at a very low cost be made into a magnificent estate. Tho S.E. breezo, with which we started in tho morning, proved truo and enabled us to clear that bugbear, King's Beef, in safety, and anchored on the N.W. side of the S. Barnards at 1 p.m. It was on this reef that tho A.S.N. Co.' s. s, Boomerang struck ; tho mate, who was in charge at the timo, had evidently an idea of going to Cooktown overland, as ho was entirely out of hi3 course. It was also on this reef that the cutter Eiser (of Newcastle, N.S.W.) came to grief, the vessel being evidently hove to at the time she struck; the crew (two in number) escaped in a dingy, orly to meet their death hy the handB of the blacks. Sub-inspector Johnstone, of the native police, and who is hold in great terror by tho blacks, roported having found the bodies cf two men in a nativo oven on tho mainland under going the process of cooking. There can bo no doubt as to their being tho crow of tho wrecked cutter, aB tho vessel's clearance and othor papers wore found in the blacks' camp. It was a curious coincidence that tho crow ot' this cutter saved Captain M'lvor and two of the crew of the Louisa Maria from being murdered by the blacks in Whit Sunday Passage, near Bowen. Ah ! poor fellows, they did not know that that was to be their end, killed by the blacks. Hero wo had the misfortune to let the punt got adrift, and the confounded thing gave us some trouble in overtaking it; however, wo managed ¡ to do so, when we wont on shore, and explored the island, which is very rocky and covered with dense, and almost impregnable, scrub, the haunt of the magnificent yellow and black, regent, and gorge ous metallic and blue rifle birds. Wo were not lucky enough to drop across any, although we traversed the scrub a good deal. Hero I had the good fortune to see for the first time the bower of the satin bower bird, and 1 should have had tho pleasure of stuffing tho owner of the bower, but being in such ecstacy with my good luck I pulled the wrong trigger, and BO let the beautiful bird escape. The bower built by this bird ÍB usually placed under the shelter of the branches of some overhanging tree, in the most retired part of the scrub, and is really a curious structure. Tho base consists of an extensive plat form of sticks finely interwoven, on tho centre of which the bower is built. This, like the platform on which it is placed and with which it is inter» wovon, is formed of sticks, but of a more pliable and slender description, the tips of the twigs being BO arranged as to curve inwards and nearly meet at the top. The bowor was garnished with snail and othor shells, and also feathers of different scrub birds, Buoh aB dragoon bird and little green pigeon. Aa I could not remove the bower, I robbed it of its feathered decorations as a memento of my first satin bird's bower. A Bpecies of field rat is very numerous all over this island; they are very tame, and a great nuisance to the camper out, as they readily find the tucker bag out. They are nocturnal in their habits, as just at dusk they came out in myriads, from every imaginablo crevice. I remember one night camp ing at a deserted shepherd's hut (at Native Dog Gully, Darling Downs), and/ising my packsaddle, which contained tho grub, as a pillow. During the night 1 was awakened by a gnawing sound near my ear which I took to be a native dog, but on .sitting up saw a cirole of these bold little wretches round me. It was a bright moonlight night, and I could not help laughing at tho comical little figures sitting up licking their pawB, gravely wait ing for me to lie down again. I called my com panion to have a look at the beBoiging enemy, and after having a good laugh at the comical pic ture, we put the grub "up a troe," and slept peace ably during the remainder of the night. Sub-Inspector Johnston made this island his head-quarters when after the Riser culprits, and judging from tho bullet-marks on the trees in the vicinity, he must have had practice before action. After a few hours or so of gathering spoils and curiosities, we resolved to go on board again, so as to make an early Btart in the morning ; and to show tho sailing qualities of our boat, the Liverpool, I will give a verbatim copy of my diary. July 2. Morning broko fine j hove up ana stood in-shore N. of Liverpool Creek ; wind, S.W. by W. ; lay along coast to Double Point. 9 a.m. Stood out and rounded the N. Barnardo, then stood away off Mourilyan Harbour, which we passed at ll a.m.; light S.E. wind; sighted thc barque Tokatoe at anchor off tho Johnston ; passed Cooper Point at 2 p.m., Mulgrave ai 4i p.m., High Island at 5 p.m., and arrived ai Fitzroy Island at 8 p.m., thus making a capital run of abeut 70 miles. The wind during the early part of the day was light, but it increased towards evening, with high sea, in which the boa! acted admirably. Mourilyan Harbour is rather a poor place, thc entrance being barred by Goodman Bock. H would make a capital rendezvous for a band o) pirates or smugglers, as you cannot seo the en trance until yon aro abreast of it. Like the John ston and Mulgrave Rivers, cedar is alBO fonnc here ; but I behove it is not of such good quality as in the former localities. Gold baa been f ounc lately at the Mulgrave, hut no cround of any payable nature haB been found up to the present. Abreast of this river is tho South' Frankland or Cocoanut Island, the burial place of the Naval Brigade, good old ship-alas, I know her well. It was on thia island that the windlass of the Mer chant was found, with a child's pinafore tied to it, the said article being quito intact, leading one to suppose that it could not have had much illusage or been in tho water for any length of time. Co coanuts aro growing on this island, but if the I beche-do-mer men go on the way they have been doing in a short time cocoanuts and trees will be a thing of the past. "Wall, to return to Fitzroy Island. This island has been until lately used aa a quarantine ground ; hun dreds of Chinamen have passed their six weeks incarceration on this island, some of whom I perceived left their bones there, a long way from John's flowery land. This placo has been a great bivouac for beche-de-nier men. Dare had a station ontliis island 14 years ago, when em ployed by Towns, of Sydney; he haB since been killed on board the Dancing Wave at the S. S. Islands. Captain Thomson also had a station here, whon just as he had finished building thatch houses for sleeping in and curing tho fish, in comes a large steamer flying the yellow flag, and. crowded with pox-stricken Chinamen. The worthy captain had to clear out in double quick time, and tho Chinamen took possession of the newly-modo houses. It is needless to add that Captain Thom son got no recompenso whatever from the Queens land Government. Fresh water flows down several creeka on the island, the sides of which are covered with sorub. Wild pigs aro to be found on tho island, but wo were not fortunate enough to meet with any, other wise we should have committed porhicide. Butter flies of the most gorgeous hues are to be found, some of which would amply repay tho exertions of a colleotor ; while shells aro to bo met with on tho beach, the only one tho island can boast of, just opposito tho anchorage. After filling tho water breakers and arranging our toilet, we made a start for Cairns, getting a distant view of Green Island. This extremely low island is situated about 10 miles from Cairns, and hos been tho Bcene of many wrecks, with all their attendant horrors, even to murder and cannibalism, and tho receptacle of hidden treasures. Tho island is very diifiqult of approach, being surrounded by a reef which dries at low water. The entrance is quite a narrow boat passago. This reef has been the means of picking up many a goodly, ship. On one occasion a barque with a cargo of horses for Calcutta was wrecked here, with terrible loss of lifo. This occurred about 16 years ago, and it was the occasion of poor Smith's first visit to Green Island. He has since, poor feUow, gone over to the majority, having met with a watery grave in being lost in tho Hit or Miss, at the same time aa the Merchant and Kate Conley, and it was on this island that one of the most, if not the most, horrible murders ever committed took place-that of a party of beche-de-mer men, who were brutally murdered by their own crew, Palm Island natives, and who after committing the deed mado off in the cutter Goodwill, and have not Bince been heard of. This island and the reef s in the vicinity have produced an enormous quantity of beche-de mer. Towns, of Sydney, had. vessels fishing here from 16 to 17 years ago, and parties were stiU fish ing during our visit (two Chinese junks), and I think I am not wrong in saying that at the least, this island and reefs have : supplied fiBh to the amount of ¿82,000,000. ;: Here, also, is the great sporting . pjacje :0f the Cairnites during the pigeon season, and great'are the preparations for a raid on tho pigeons at Green Island, and I can assure you the three hours' trip in the little Louisa (since destroyed by the natives of Brooker Island, Now Guinea, the scene of the late murder of Mr. Ingham), tho pigeon shooting and scrambling through scrub, tho shell collecting on the reef, the al fresco feed in thö shade with libations of bottled ale, are things that mußt be seen to be appreciated. After a pleasant sail of about two hours we arrived at Cairns and anchored in the stream opposite Pyne's wharf. The town of Cairns owes its origin to an enter prising party of gentlemen from Townsville, who Chartered the s. s. Porpoise with the intention of opening a road to the Hodgkinson, and although the expedition fell far short of the expectations of the projectors, yet they proved successful in find ing Trinity Bay, an excellently well sheltered harbour. This news had the effect of inducing others to try their luck in finding a road to the diggings ; the road was ultimately found by old Bill Smith, who by his version had been beche-de mering along the coast, and had found Cairns long before. Such may be the case; however, the finding of the road was the signal for the town to go ahead, houses went up as if by magic, steamers called regularly with large and valuable cargoes, the town was surveyed and allotments sold at a fabu lous price. A sub-collector and other government officials were appointed, and altogether the town seemed one likely to stand and prosper. When lo! a better and much shorter road was found, and a settlement formed at Island Point, or aa it wai then called Port Owen. A general stampede from Cairns followed, and in twelve months' time the once lively and bustling town degraded into a second "Sleepy Hollow." Cairns, like most Aus tralian towns and districts formed by goldfields, has had its run of prosperity and its reverses, but is now I think most decidedly on the wane as on taking a stroll down the principal street I was astonished at the change. The once great Leichardt Hotel I found doing duty as a bank, while in turn the Bank of New South Wales that was is changed into the post and telegraph-office. The great McKinlay had gone (like the painter), pots and all. However, I noticed a few old hands who had not shown the white feather, viz. Burke, Broughton, Hunt, Loven, and several more. The former gentleman to show how he ap preciated the town, paid £40 for an allotment of land a few days previous to our arrival, and I noticed that the CAIRNS ADVERTISER with its motto of - Cairns you will yet see, flourishing and great, Fortune helps those who but know how to wait. was still flourishing, notwithstanding that I heard a rumour to the effect that the proprietor had cut and run to China. At the time of our visit, the barque Decapolis was at anchor up the inlet, load ing cedar for England for a Mr. Tolson. She has since taken her departure with a full load; while a day before our departure a party of Chinamen arrived with 25 mules, each carrying 2cwt of tin from Tinaroo; the mules belong to the firm of Ging Sing and Co., to whom they are bringing in the very handsome sum of £14 per week. The above industries, cedar and tin, with the prospect of a goldfield at the Mulgrave, and also the fine agricultural and pastoral land known to exist in the neighbourhood, may one day verify tho motto of the ADVERTISER, but I am doubtful. Tho Government buildings here are substantial, tho sub-collector's residence being exoeedingly pretty and commodious, while the pilot buildings, although of no great architectural beauty, ¿re well and faithfully built. The hospital and primary school are also good buildings, and some of the shops and hotels are above the average. I found the ubiquitous John Chinaman located here, plying his wonted avocation as gardener ; the floods, however, troubled the poor Celestial, for John no savee too.much.ee water. Alligators are numerous up the inlet, in fact there was one until lately stationed at the Customs boat shed, and it had become so tame that the rats ran along its back, and at last hod the cheek to build their nests in its mouth ; the alligator, however, was a Btuffed one, or othorwise tho rats might have paid dearly for their impudence. At spring tides ,tho ebb here is something terrific, and wo found that boarding our boat in a flat bottomed punt was a rather ticklish affair. Having finished our business, and obtained oar clearance, wo loft the Cairns wharf on Saturday, 5th July, at ll p.m., and thanks to the efficient manner in which the Channel was lighted up, -wo reached thc fair-way buoy in safety. Daylight noxt morning found Cairns and Trinity Bay a thing of tho past. I had boen asleep from the time we left, and it was long after daylight before I awoke, for there was nothing to awaken one, the breeze had kept gentle and constant in the same quarter, and the slight noise made by tho water, aa it went swishing along the side of the boat, instead of rousing one, acted rather as a lullaby to rest. At noon wo anchored at a beche de-mer station, situated on tho inner edge of the barrier. Here we feund tho remains of the Mer chant, consisting of from 120 to 160ft of her bottom, which lies in deep water, with the after end of the keelson a little out, and also the ends of a fow timbers, tho whole being kept in position by a quantity of. stone ballast. The anchorB, cables, boiler, and a great quantity of wire rope ia also strewn about on the reef, one cable running fully half, a mile in a direct line along the reef. There can be no doubt but what this is the re mains of the Merchant, as on some of the black boys diving they brought up sundry articles, such as plates, cups and saucers, and spoons from amongst tho ballast. [TO BB CONTINUED.] A race for "homing" pigeons took place last Saturday in connection with the Poultry, Pigeon, and Canary Society. Tho tossing placo was Marulan* 117 milos from Sydney. Mr. Allerton's bird covered tho distanco in I04min, Mr. Kellick's being a good second, in 108min, and Mr. Wright third. Tho Bugar yield of Australia this season is th« largest ever obtained in the country. Tho country returns aro not all available yet, but tho calculation is that Queensland and Now South Wales will have closo upon, if not fully, 23,000 tons. Of this quan tity, Queensland is expected to contribute 15,000. The hoovy yield of Now South WaloB is duo largely to tho facilitieB offered to growers, and to tho great business oapacity and enterprise of tho sugar com pany, whoso mills and factories have done so much for tho Claronco and Bichmond rivers. Tho Tweed, it is said, is shortly to profit by tho samo system} and thero aro openings for something of the same kind, and ' for the central faotery system, in the Bogan distriot and also at Mackay.. Although tho progress of settlement ia somewhat slow, there is a steady _ increase in the farming population of tho latter district, and wore a central factory availablo-a factory dovoted to the manufacture of sugar only-tho aroa of cane grown for sale would be much larger. As there ÍB every reason for believing that such would bo tho case, it is not likely that tho district will be long, without such a factory as has boen spoken of on more than one oocasion. . The Sydney Sugar Refining Company havo been purchasing first sugars largely in the dis trict this year, and upon advantageous terms. One result of operations of that kind is seen in the num ber of gentlemon who visit the localities conoorned upon business intent, and several of whom have de clared themselves in favour of going into the sugar business in some way.-QUEENSLANDER. Some timo ago it was stated with some confidence that a lunatic named Creswell, who is confined at the Parramatta Lunatio Asylum, waB identical with Arthur Orton, tho_ "claimant." Tho nows took everybody by surprise, ' and attention ' having been called to it in the home papers, a Mr. Thomas Cres well, butohor, of Berkshire, England, thinks that the supposed Arthur Orton is no othor than MB long lost brothor, William Creswell. It appears that tho latter ia a butohor by trade, but followed all kinds of occupations in Australia, .and had a_ very chequered career. Somo timo ago he married a. widow, hut tho woman diod soon after. He was at one timo in very good circumstances, but through intemperance or other canses he bocame demented, and the police finding him wandering about tho Btroots in a most destitnto condition, arrested him. Medical evidenco wont to Bhow that ho waa mad, and Mr. Eckford, M.L.A., who has identified himself with tho case, and moved several timoa in parliament for the roloaae of Croswoll,at last succoedod in obtaining a power of attorney from Thomas Creswell to take charge of his, supposed, brothor, and on last Friday an application was made in chambors bot'oro Primary Judgo Hargrave, under the 81nt section of tho now Lunacy Act for tho release of William Creswell, His Honor granted tho application on condition that Mr. Eckford found tho required bonds. Mr. Eokford expects to rocoivo further information on tho subjeot by tho next mail. v It wag statod in tho affidavits on which his Honor granted tho lunatic's release, that there ia conaidorablo property in England, held, aa a trasteo, by tho Duke of Wel lington,.which nobody can got possession of but Wil liam Creswell, or at his death hia brothor Thomas Creswell. Tho wholo affair appears to bo a great mystery notwithstanding tho f aots known* 