Halvans, Dredge, and Bests. • [This is not for miners only, though it may have a smatch as belonging to the dressing-floor; it maybe read anywhere and by anybody. This is the gracious permission we give.] * * * * AT the meeting of the Moonta Council Tuesday petitions were received asking the co-operation of the Council in urging upon the Governmont the necessity of at once attending to the approaches to the Moonta Bay railway and goods-shed. When the shore end of the jetty was removed the approaches to the jetty were simply filled in with clay from he embankment without any metalling, and consequently as soon as the rains set in the whole place became a bog, and it is impossible for carters to get out with anything like a load of oods. If it was the intention of the Government to place as many diffiulties as possible in the way of people etting their goods by the carters, and forcing all the traffic on the railway they could not have left the place in a worse condition. But if people prefer bringing their goods in their own carts or employing carters in preference to having their goods brought up by rail, we do not see why facilities should not be offered them for *doing so. It was against the wish of the people that the etty end and the goods-shed were shifted, and as the Government would go to the expense of the removal, we think the least they can now do is to make the work good by putting a coating of, rubble or metal over it, so that the shed and railway may be approachable. * " * * * WE fear the Hon. John Colton will further rouse the ire of the brewers by the new clause that he intends introducing in the licensed Victuallers Bill, if he can get the House to go with him. The clause .is as follows :— 4 4 That no brewer or wine or spirit merchant shall control or compel the tenant of any licensed house, to purchase any liquor required for saleiu his trade, or shall have power to demand the supply of any such house with alcohol ; and should it appear to the satisfaction of any Licensing bench that such tenant of such house is compelled by lease or otherwise to purchase exclusively from any one brewer, wine, or spirit merchant, the bench may withhold a licence from such house." Wo should imagine that most of the publicans would agree with such a provision, and we see no reason why it should not be carried. We cry out against the "truck system" when a contractor attempts to force his men to buy goods from him, and we really can't see much difference between a brewer binding the publican, who rente his house to buy beer only at his establishment and the contractor forcing his men to buy his goods. * * * * A KADINA man named Hosiah Clark, has. been playing ghost, by walking about in a white sheet, and frightening several women and children. P.O. Murray got hold of him and brought him up before His Worship the Mayor and Mr. Garner, J .P., and they sent, him on to Wallaroo for fourteen days, besides condemning him to pay 15s. costs. * * * ' • ATlast the Government is about to do something with regard to the Northern Territoiy. Taxes are to be imposed, and the Territorians are to contribute towards the cost of Government. The following tariff is proposed and the Government coffere wil^ no doubt, be filled to repletion ^ thereby,—- , - Customs duties-^Opium, 203. per lb. j rice, id. per lb.; aaltfish,ld. per lb,; sugar, 60s. per ton ; spirits, 10s. per- gallon; tobacco, 2fy per lb. ; cigars ^nd.snufl, fig. per lb.; * fc- per gallon; tea, 6d. per lb. ilxport duty—For every unce or part of announce of gold exported, THE Hon. R. C. Baker has been finding fault with the reporters who are told off to do duty in the. Legislative Council. Well that is not surprising, seeing that the Hon. Mr. Baker is usually finding fault with something. But the Hon. Mr. Hay follows suit and complains that it is difficult to know from the ieports what he meant to say. And then that cruel reporter reported Mr. Hay in the first person, verbatim, and the following is a specimen of Mr. Hay's eloquence— " The reporters—ought not to—the reporters ought not to be the ones to judge of what is important—not to say what should be left out—but—the member can only judge what is important. As I—as my— speeches—as the reports—as what I say is reported sometimes, no one—nobody can tell—no one can understand from the reports —what it is—what I mean. So—it strikes me—it has struck me certain matters— things that appear of importance—what the member thinks of importance—are sometimes left out—omitted.- The reporters— the—papers—points are reported—I mean what the paper thinks of interest—is reported I can't compliment the reporters." If the above is a specimen of the oratory of the Council, we pity the reporters, and wonder whether it would not be a benefit to the colony to dispense with a chamber, the members of which show such utter incompetence as Mr. Hay has done. We sometimes hear about lowering the intellectual tone of Parliament if payment of members were introduced. But if the above is a specimen of its intellectual tone it will be a difficult task to lower it. 