? THE OPERA. "THE CHIMES OF NOBMANDT." Lyster's Opera Company completed the fourth week of their season on Saturday night with the performance of Planquette's comic opera "The Chimes of Normandy," otherwise "Lea Cloches de Cornville." The following was the cast of the characters:—Serpolette, Madame Hersee; Germaine, Miss Elsa May; the Marquis, Mr. Yerdi; Grenicheux, Mr. Vernon • Gaspard, Mr. Templeton; Baillie, Mr. Howell • Gebbo, Mr. Johnson; Ohristophe, Miss Tilly Francis. Though the music does not rank very hsgh in its intrinsic merits, the work as a whole is just the sort of thing to gratify the popular taste. There are probably very many who, though incapable of appreciating the majestic harmonies of Meyerbeer, the melodic beauties of Bellini, or the glowing tone pictures of such master minds as Mozart, Bossini, or Yerdi, enjoy most thoroughly the music of 'the Offenbachian school, even though, as in the " Chimes of Normandy," there nay not be a single melody of any sterling merit. Then, again, all can afford to langh at the ludicrous and grotesque, though many feel sad or nervous in the presence of the tragic or the sublime. Henoe, the very large audience at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night seemed highly pleased in spending three hoars in the company of such a congenial entertainer as the vivacious Frenchman to whose fertile imagination " The Chimes of Normandy" owes its existence. This opera does not give such an accomplished vocalist as Miss Hersee undoubtedly is any opportunity to display her vocal powers. We think, too, that as the ambitious little coquette, who is BO unexpectedly raised to the position of a Countess, Miss Hersee must have felt herself in a wrong position even as an actress. The character did not seem quite congenial to her taste. Mr. Templeton's impersonation of " the sordid wretch, the man without a heart," was a fine conception. It presented to the flife the demon of avarice holding its victim in its iron grasp when tottering beneath the decrepitude of age. The rest of the characters were fairly sustained, and as a whole the entertainment was so replete with fun that nothing short of a violent toothache or the prestnee of a mother-in-law could prevent even stolidity itself from thoroughly enjoying it. Several times during the performances there were indications that the rehearsals had not been too frequent. It must be admitted, however, that the choruses—which, viewed from the musician's standpoint, by far excel the solos—were capitally sung. We observe that "H.M.S. Pinafore" is announced for performance this evening. THE LAST OF THE MATOB'S CONCEETS. —On Saturday night, November 6, the last concert of the season of popular concerts In the Towa Hall took place under the direction of Mons. Jules Meilhan, B.A. The attendance was rather disappointing, the hall being cot more than half filled. No doubt the counter-attraction of the opera, and the fact that so many persons have gone off to the Melbourne Exhibition, account in a large measure for the comparatively small audience on this occasion. A most enticing programme was submitted, the chief item of which was Mons. Meilhan's pianoforte recitals. It has always been an unalloyed delight to listen to the playing ef this accomplished pianist. His masterly expressive style and brilliant execution generally cannot fail to please the most fastidious critic, 8nd on Saturday evening he seemed to eclipse any of his former efforts. We refer particularly to the three I recitals bracketed together in the first part _ of „ the . programme, - - - viz., - " Le March £ unebre from Beethoven's " Twelfth Sonata," Gounod's "Funeral March of a Marionette," and Wagner's " March from Tannhauser." His interpretation of these compositions, so widely differing from one another, was something to be remembered. Not the least charm of Mons. Meilhan's playing is the perfect ease with which he threads the moat intricate and involved passages, and the evident pleasure it _ affords him to plunge right into the thick of them. The performance was vociferously applauded, and he had again to come forward to appease the audience. His r. encore solo was somewhat amusing if rather out e of place, it being his own "setting" of the familiar air "For he's a jolly good fellow." Coming as it did after the grand marches be played it was not a very happy choice, still it met with loud applause. In the second part of the programme he performed three of Mendelssohn's lieds — the spinning lied, the chase song, and the hunting song— the first being especially effective and masterly. It was noticeable to every one that the piano on which he played was very much out of order. On many former occasions the same thing has been complained about, and it is now surely time that the City Council took the matter in hand and had it put in proper repair. Madame Robertson, whose appearance was warmly greeted, sang by request Robandi's charming aria, " To my guiding star," in Italian, with violoncello obbligato by Mr. Winterbottom, K.A.H. This was quite a gem ef vocalization, Madame Robertson being in excellent voice, and rendering it without the slightest effort. She afterwards sang from memory the recit., cavatina, and allegro from Verdi's "Due Foscari," a very long and difficult piece abounding in trills and runs, and the music being of a very high range. None but a gifted professional singer could undertake such a piece as this, and Madame Robertson achieved a grand success in it. A round of prolonged applause followed, and she responded to the encore by singing the ballad "Robin Adair" in a sweet and taking manner. Later on Madame Robertson and Mr. G. H. Nash sang Donizetti's grand duet, "II Pallor Funesto Orrendo," from "Lucia di Lammermoor." This was also a treat, and Mr. Nash acquitted himself with marked credit. Apparently it had been well practised by him, and the two voiceB harmonized with pleasing effect. Mr. T. Narroway was the tenor singer of the concert, and sang Gabriel's "Ruby'' and Blockley's "The Arab's Farewell," in neither of which he shone to much advantage, his voice lacking that musical sympathetic ring without which 6uch a song aB " Ruby" cannot be c-ffectively sung. Mr. Winterbottom played on the violoncello two new solos, Harmston's " Impromptu"—which was encored and repeated— and Tours' " Andantino and Allegro." These were performed in Mr. Winterbottom's usual able and expressive style, and by themselves would have sent away the audience well satisfied with their visit to the Town Hall. The grand organ was presided over by Mr T. H. Jones, who played the overture to the "Bohemian Girl" and selections from " I Lambardi." CATHOLIC PICNIC SPOETS.—The following are the entries and handicaps for the athletic sports to be held to-morrow in connection with the Catholic Picnic at the Exhibition Grounds : —One Hundred Yards Flatrace—T. Hubble, scratch ; J. Irving, 5 yds.; J. Radford, 5 yds.; J. Tilden, 6 yds.; J. Fitzgerald, 7 yds.; R. Coonan, 7 yds.; A. Farmer, 7 yds.; E. Fitz- gerald, 9 yds.; J. Brown, 10 yds. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Flatrace—T. Hubble, scratch; J. Irving, 13 yds.; J. Radford, 12 yds.; J. Fitzgerald, 12 jds.; J. Tilden, 14 yds. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Hurdle Race—T. Hubble, scratch; E. Colbey, 7 yds.: R. J. Judd, 9 yds.; J. Fitzgerald, 12 yds.; W. Bawhey, 13 yds. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Hurdle Race—T. Hubble, scratch; E. Colbey, 4 yds.; R.J. Judd, 6 yds.; J. Fitzgerald, 7yds.; E. Fitzgerald, 8 yds.; W. Bawhey, 8 yds. Three Mile Bicycle Match—W. Kuhnel, scratch; J. Tineley, 80 yds.; W. Nell, 100 yds.; L. F. Sillitoe, 100 yds.; W. Tyler, 150 yds.; E. Lapthorne, 200 yds. Half-Mile Flatrace—T. Hubble, scratch; J. Whittlesea, 5 yds.; W. Francis, 5 yds ; J. Morrison, 15 yds.; J. Butler, 15 yds.; A. Smith, 25 yds.; A. Farmer, 30 yds. • R. Coonan, 45 yds.; J.'Brown, 50 yds. ' Ntw MUSIC.—We are indebted to Mr. Woodman for a copy of a second edition of Glen's "Exhibition Albam," containing four songs, and the same number of dances arranged for the pianoforte. The work has been admirably lithographed, and, for the colonies, is a marvel of cheapness. The in strumental pieces include "The Manchester Schottische," by Alfred Meyer; the "Lancers," arranged by Herr Plock, introducing airs selected from the opera "Die Fledermaus"; a set of waltzes by Herr Plock, entitled " Stolen Kisses;" and "The Melbourne Exhibition Quadrille," by Harcourt Lee, in which are introduced a number of popular airs of the music hall type. These will be found to be useful exercises for novitiate pianists. The melodies of the vocal numbers all fall within the range of a soprano or tenor voice. We think they may be arranged in the following order of merit:—1. Song, "Betray me not," from "The Hermit's Bell." 2. Song, 'Good Night," by Hector B. McLean. 3. Ballad, "Farewell! Love's Chain is Broken," by Luscombe Teavrel. 4. Ballad, " Golden Moments," by Alfred MouL GABHEB'S THEATBE.—The spectators at Professor Pepper's seance on Saturday evening seemed Uoroaghly to enjoy themselves. As this will be the lest week it is necessary that those who have not jet seen the Ghost should cot lose the opportunity. The educational value of the microscopic illustrations to children as well as toothers of a larger growth can scarcely be over-estimated. After this week the Professor proceeds tothe country to fulfil several engagements. He stated that he bad no cause to regret his visit toSouth Australia, SB he had succeeded so well that although he at first only intended to stay a fortnight his visit had extended to six or seven weeks. During the week several novelties will be introduce i, nnd on Friday evening the Professor will take his benefit. 