St. Luke's Church, Wallsend. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] The above auspicious event tool place on Thursday afternoon last,a mid notwith standing the threatening 'aspect 'of .,the weather, the ceremony was perfortied in t~he preseice of alarge concourse of '0 ple, many, of the visitors coming lroj Nowe castlo 'and other p'ai'ts of the dlstiot. Shortly after 8'p.m;, the yery Rnireiild Arohdeacon Chlild,' Canon' Solwy~n, :and t~ohe Reovs. F. G. Bode, S. 1Simm, and W. Tollis, issued froti thie old ohurceli in their ssirlices, iad, followed by the choir,.pio ceeded to the raised platform, on .twhich; was placed the church organ and seats for the laccommodation of the vipitors, \- amongst whlom:we noticed Major Bolton, N- 'MLN;:Melville, MI.L;A?, Meessrs. J Ash,; Tyrell, and-' a number of other leadinig .geontletn of : the city and distriot. Several: ladies also graced the platform by thebir' presence. The service, prior 't'o the" layiig~ of tihe stone, i was ,. opened by the very reverend the Arch deacon reading thee exxxii ,psalmn, after 'i'whlidh the Rev. Mr. Bbde read the lesson 1 Corinthians 8, and:the Collect forethe C' ?Conversion of: St.; Paul. :A:hymni was -tihn sing by the choir, accompinipd by SMr? D BL'Thomas oh' the organ. I.. Mr. J. Y. NirLsow, one of the elcuroh .'wardens, then presented the mallet and ., trowel to the .archdeacon, who prodceeded to lay :time stone. immediately behilid'tlhe communion. In the cavity beneath was 'placed a sealed bottle containiiig a copy of 'that li day s issue of the Ticrald andl Advocalo, and a pairchmoent rcord, of . which the following is a copy : B.; Luko's Church of Englanzd Church,, l h'.alsond. T: his foundation stone was laid by the Voior ablo Archdeacon Child, Diiooso of Newcastlo,' on the 15th day of July, in the year of our . Lord1880. Inonumbont,'Walter Tollis; Chlurch S..wardons, J. W. Brooks, J. Y. Neilson,! J. Mi. ..', Yolland; Parochial Council,' J; Davios, T. 'doono, O. J.Turner, I). L. Thomas, J..Fritl, .. ,..El. Handcook, W. Boyd; Secddrotary, A'. J. a.. Prnrington; architoct, Thomas' Robson; con ,. ractor, William Humphroys. . The reverend gentleman lhaving per formed the ceremony, declared as follows: -",I lay this as the foundation.stone of a c"hdioh to be built in tlhis plaeao, to be '"' niamed the Chulroh of St. Lukeo's; and to beset' apart for the preaching of the right '. :..Catholic'faith, which we believe anl con. . "',foss ii thie nanmo of the Fatheor, andiof the aBon,:and of tlie Holy Ghost. Aimend" Several of tlihose present then canime for. .. ward and deposited their donattond upon •;:thOestoiseamounting to a little ove" -2r . A' i''c?cuh large'rtninu was also promieod to ward the:Building Fund. Praydr amid .praise again being offered, the 1Rev. Canon Belwyd, in a few brief but elorquent ivords,. addressed the congregation, anti ti'usted that, in the ohuich ., now being i~aised, many souls would be brought to CGod, and iurged them to give of tlheir means, so that 'they may be enabled to say, after the \- building.had been raised stone by stone and completed, "We 'thank theo, God, h, . tat we have raised a house wheioin to worship Thee, and we.owe no man any 'thing for its bnildifig." He was sui o God would bless and assist them, if thby made this their determinatiboin. 'The'ohoir then sang anotherl:hymu, and tmhe Benediotion havglng been pronounced Iy the 'Arch. 'dleacon; thb meetinfg diporsed." ' 