THE MYSTERY OF BRYNGWYLLT. A long straggling village ; at the end of it an old-fashioned iv> -covered parsonage with a white gate and red gravel footpath, flanked bv fancifully-cut yew-trees, leading to the front door. Through a latticed window, the curtains being yet undrawn, were to be seen a spacious room, its sole light the ruddy glow of a cheerful lire, and, bending over a snowy - clothed table, loaf in hand, the slight grace ful form of a maiden. A group of laughing bright-faced children scrambling over a puppy completed a rural and fair domestic picture in the sequestered village of Aberffrwd-con-Carnarvon, North Wales, on a chilly eveuing in January. The Vicar of Aberffrwd wasa man beloved oy all who knew him ; liberal, high- minded, and pic us, his virtues were acknowledged alike by rich and poor, though the rich were not abuudant within a wide radius of his . parish His wife had died, leaving him the solo guardian of a youthful family, the eldest, Enid, being at the time but twelve. She became his little housekeeper, his com forter, his little all-in-all, a ehild thoughtful and unselfish beyond her years. As the subtle and .peculiar graces of gentle Womanhood gradually succeeded the sprightly charms of her childhood, so un folded the nobler graces of her expanding soul. In personal appearance she _ was very lovely ; her small features were chiselled with exquisite refinement, so much so as to draw from the envious the remark that tney were 4 too sharp.' Sweeping black lashes enhanced the beauty of her bright truthful gray eves, and the snowy brow was crowned with a wealth of waving chestnut hair. She was preparing the bounties of the board in the, cosy fire-iit dining-room, and tea, a meal always enjoyed at the , vicarage, though usually a noisy one, was just ready when the vicar entered, tired and cold from his round of parochial visits . , , ' Eaid,' he said, when they were all seated at the table, ' have you seen Miss Llewelyn to-day?1 ' -''f 1 o,papfc "WkyJ , ri 'Nothingin particUlar, my dear. I knew how ofteu youwpretoefe, T may tell you when these little rostereifl are out of the way,' he added, amiUng;on#e cheery beam- ing faces . »n«l Euid'a bands were fel jott nbw. After she had put the children all to bed later on, she rejoined her father, whoyas now alone in his study comfortably seated in an «asy-chair. Throwing herself at his feek before the fire and resting her glossy head upon his knee, she reminded him of his question at tea. <ihV he began, 'the servants at the. hall have been inventing fresh tales The old housekeeper is as superstitious as a heathen ; it quite angers me to think about it. . Not content with frightening themselves the women must need walk down to the village to re-waken fears but too slightly dormant in the foolish minds of the people Prom every .quarter I have been assailed about tins ghost- hght or corpse-candle as they call it.' ' Light, papa? That is new; they had heard only sounds before. They must be worse than ever.' - ' I don't knew what they heard, saw, or felt, he returned, testily. I don't waste my valuable time by inquiring. Probably they may have seen some light in the closed wing —the moon s reflection from a window, or shooting stars passing through their own be wildered brains.' / ' Ho AT vexed poor Miss Mary will be— and she so nervous, too I I wish I had seen her to-day ; but I Was busy with the Dorcas, and it is to far to walk there and back before dinner. 1 Never mind, pet ; she will do well enough. You must not kill yourself with overwork; ride over on Robin to morrow and stav all night.' J 'Very well, papa ; but I would prefer not remaining. You know ' ' What do I know, pussy ?' laughingly de manded her father. ' Well, Ralph Keith returned yesterday — and I don t like to be there long while he remains.' Eaid shivered and drew clqser to the vicar's chair, as if the subject was an unpleasant one. Please yourself, darling— though I don't suppose Keith will devour you.' Ihe entrance of Enid's brother Frank, a youth of sixteen, changed the conversation from Keith and the ghosts, for the good vie at would not encourage among his younger children the belief in legends and ghosts, too prevalent, alas ! amongst the country people around. The lonely and romantic village of Aberffrwd nestled in the midst of a fertile valley nearly surrounded by bold' and rugged kills. It was twelve miles distant from any town, and principally inhabited by farm-labourers, and a sprinkling of quarrymen, employed in a slate quarry near at hand. small and swiftly- running mountain stream, widening in its course as it reached the village, was honoured with the title of river ; and its con fluence with a sister-stream suggested the name of the place, Aberffrwd — ' The con fluence of the river.' In winter, indeed, it was the junction of many rivulets, when the wild, mountain torrents rushed fiercely along the rocky beds, and foamingly lost them selves in the river beneath. By the sidegof the river a narrow footway led to a rustic wooden bridge, railless and old ; across it a wicket-gate opened on a dark and marshy wood ; and then the ground rose gradually, till the sward became dryer . Giant elms, and pines, and fir-trees of colder growth reared their sombre heads here, and between their branches a view of the hall itself was visible. Its real name was Bryngwyllt — The bleak hill;' and on the summit of a bleak and dreary-looking hill it -stood. It as an irregularly-built pile of massive grey stone ; huge turrets rose in unexpected places ; and, to the right, a low and curved wing gave to the whole a lop-sided appearance. Formerly a moat surrounded it, but the water had long since dried up, and the bare, stony sides and damp gutter at the bottom looked grim∧ uninviting indeed. Over the portcullis were carved in granite the arms of the Llewelyns and their motto, T gwir yn erbyn y 6yd'— 'The truth against the world.' Th8 Llewelyns were of noble descent. For long centuries they could trace their history unbroken to an ancestry renowned in the an nals of the Britons. Many of them — men of valour and chivalrous deeds — had fought under Llewelyn ab Gruffydd, their last prince. Those ponderous doors, now so sel dom moved, had swung open for the egress of the noble, as they went out to fight for their liberty, their country, and their homes. They had opened also for the entrance of conquering heroes, the bard, the minstrel, and the guest of the feast — for the fair, the great, and the noble. Within those "grey walls the sweet sounds of the ' triple harp ' had been heard at festive gatherings. Alas, how changed k was the whole ! A blight seemed to have passed over the now- deserted rooms. Moth-eaten furniture was within, and moss-covered pathways were without. It was said that a curse was on the place since an ill- starred Llewelyn, nnder the foul inspiration of the gre8n-eyed monster,' had -imbrued his hands in human blood . The only occupants of Bryngwyllt were a few domestics, its present cwner, Ralph Keith, and his step aunt, Miss Mary Llewelyn. Not in the direct line was Ralph Keith. His step-father, Mr. Llewelyn, had died, leaving his young widow to enjoy the estate till her death, when it would descend to their only child, Maud. Shortly afterwards, Mrs. Llewelyn, while staying in London, made the acquaintance of a gentleman named Keith. She married him, and in twelve months lost her second husband by a fatal" fall from his horse in the hunting-field. -One son, Ralph, was the offspring of this mar riage. Gradually the widow's affections became entirely, absorbed in her boy.. -She had ever wished that the first child had beep an heir, and disappointment had somewhat cooled a mother's love for her first- born ; and now it was her ceaseless lament that Maude must inherit Bryngwyllt, and her darling Ralph most be content with a younger and step son's portion. Poor Maude would not have had a very happy life had it not been for her father's sister, who had always retained her own rooms at the Hall. These two Ibved each other dearly, They were both gentle, timid creatures, yielding to every whim and caprice of the spoilt, selfish Ralph, who was growing up vicious and headstrong. His father had been a noted man in the betting- s ring and at the gaming-table — a mere adven- ! turer, a penniless schemer. Prepossessing in address and countenance, he hadsucceeded in gaining the. affections of the .wealthy widow. The son . inherited to the full the father's lack of . principle. At the age of twenty— to everyone's reliefs-he started for a trip to foreign countries ' to seethe world;' He returned in two years, to find his mother on her death-bed. Then a fearful event happened. Mrs. Llewelyn had revived slightly ; and Maude, at the instigation of her aunt, had taken ad vantage of the improvement to leave the sick-room for a ride over to Aberffrwd, three miles distant. While in the village her pony cast a shoe ; leaving him at the blacksmith's, she proceeded to return home on foot. No thought of danger crossed her mind as she started on her lonely walk, though the shades of a winter night were falling fast. She was never seen again,! When the news became known, search was made for her high aud low. Ralph stimulated the flagging spirits of the hardy searchers with hopeful words and promises of reward ; but it was of no avail. Towards daybreak the only trace they found was her hat, which had been dis covered by Ralph, hanging Irom the branch of a shrub that overstretched the river a little below the narrow bridge. There were two ways from the village to the hall—one, the high-road terminating at the iron gates and central avenue leading to the house — and that road Maude must have taken were she on horseback ; the other, the footpath by the waterside, some half mile nearer, and pro bably the way she had walked. The river was dragged with scant hope, for it was nearly certain in the swollen state of the stream — always a swift-flowing one — that the body must have been rapidly carried away by the strong current. The shock of Maude's sad death hastened Mrs. Llewelyn's decease ; and she breathed her last shortly after, having altered her will in favour of her son Jalpli. Then it was that the true character of the man displayed itself. H e filled the hall with roystering companions ; wild license, drunken debauchery, and rioting succeeded to the solemn hush of death. In deep dismay and grief Miss Llewelyn — ever a timid woman — made hasty prepara tions to leave the home of her fathers. But, for some reasons of his own, Ralph com manded her to remain there ; and she, ever iu fear of her quondam nephew, obeyed. After a> »hil« Bryngwyllt becams too dull for Ralph and his kindred spirits. They left en tnasse, and Miss Mary was disturbed only by the flying but frequent visits of Ralph. The one joy ef this poor lady's life was her intercourse with the family at the vicarage. Pitying her indecision and natural timidity, Mr. Howell, the vicar, had en couraged the intimacy between her and his daughter Enid. Seldom leaving the Hall herself, she looked forward to Enid's visits with a yearning eagerness not easily under stood by those over whose path the sun har flung a brighter radiance. Her love was plentifully requited. Missing so early and sorely the precious blessing of a mother's love, in that bitter hour of woe Enid had turned to the sympathetic heart of her gentle friend ; and the two clung to each other with a tenacity of affection to be severed by death alone. But there was a skeleton in. the cupboard. Miss Mary herself could not dread the visits of Ralph Keith more than Enid did. Many a time, as the great bell clanged out a warn ing of his unexpected return, the girl would start and swiftly flee from the room in which, they were sitting, to escape the rude stare of his bold, black eyes and the free, rough words with which he would greet her, Chapter n. According to her promise, the next morn ing Enid rode her shaggy Welsh pony to Bryngwyllt. She was no stranger there ; so, leaving her hat and hipin the vast entrance-, hall, she went straight to the library, the room always occupied by Miss Llewelyn on account of its small dimensions and cosy ap pearance. Its pencilled walls were entirely hidden by rows of antiquated volumes ; the furniture and uncaYpefced floor were alike of : polished oak. From the old-fashioned hearth huge logs threw a cheery light over the whole. After an affectionate greeting the two ladies seated themselves side by side on the ample sofa. ' And now tell me about these troublesome visitants from another world,' began Enid smilingly. It" is not that which troubles me, dear,' replied Miss Wary. 'Of course, that must be only the servants' nonsense — they get scared ; and what wonder in this desolate and curse- followed house ? No, it is the old, old trouble. I had a letter from Lady Tenrhyn, an old schoolfellow of mine, last night ; read it.' - Enid took the letter offered her, and read the passage indicated— ' It grieves me to hear the rumours about your nephew. You ' ask me for particulars. Well, I shrink from telling you more than that he is shut out from all respectable society. My husband says he gambles and drinks more than ever, and hss now left London incognito Oh, my dear,' resumed Miss Mary, 'is it not dreadful ? Would that poor Maude, had lived! And he here again, too 1 Lady Ten rhyn was right in her information.' - - ' The door «as unexpectedly opened, and a tali man of about thirty years strode across the floor to where they sat. His face would have been handsome but for- the too-visible traces of unbridled dissipation. Deep furrows already crossed the high, white brow, and the heavy drooping moustache failed to con ceal the cynical expression and sarcastic1 curves around the wsll-formed mouth. The ' hair ahd eyes were inky black. It was Ralph Keifcb. f 'Hallo,' he exclaimed, in a loud but not unmusical voice; 'you are here, Miss Howell ! Come to pay the ghost' a visit, or teach me manners ?— sueeringly, as Tie ob served her shrinking movement. ' Wonder how yon manage to vegetate in this Ely sium 1 It's a perfect paradise, your native place; aud this Wretched house is wbrSb than all. Haven't you any wine or spirits here, aunt ? Expect I shall commit suicide or poison somebody for amusement;' : ' There is no need for ydn to come here Ralph,' Miss Maty ventured to put in, as she left the room to comply with his request. I choose to come. No, no, Miss Enid, . 1 — — mmmmsmzm j immm you shall not leave me. I prefer a little company first.' He laid his hand on her shoulder as he spoke, for she had risen to her feet. Enid's grey eyes flashed fire, ' Remove your hand, sir 1 Do you hear V She spoke indignantly. With an amused laugh her tormentor threw himself into a chair. ' How prettily we ruffle our feathers and act the commanding role of empress 1 It is quite refreshing, I'm sure ! Here's my aunt. Now then, what is there good, old lady?' Seizing the decanter, he poured out a tumbler of sherry and tossed it off. Beg pardon, ladies first — especially em presses. I humbly beg to offer some refresh ment to your imperial graces 1' Enid rushed swiftly from his detested pre sence, and, hastily placing a few scribbled words — te the effect that she must leave till he had gone from the hall again — on Miss Mary s dressing-table, she stole softly along a dark gallery, down a narrow flight of stairs and threugh a small postern-gate into the deserted stahie- yard. ReleasingRobin from his accustomed- post, where he was munching hay in- stall large enough to have accommo dated four of his size, she mounted him, and never drew rein until he had deposited her at his own shed door. - Then, unseen, she gained her own chamber, and, locking the door, gave way to hysterical sobs. Not till all traces of her emotion had vanished did she Venture forth, knowing that, if her father discovered the martyrdom the constantly endured from Ralph Keith for Miss Mary's sake, he would speedily prohibit, her visits, and the poor lady would be de prived of her sole little happiness. When the hall was freed from its bugbear, many happy hours did Eaid spend amid the musty yolumes in the library, refreshing her thirsty mind fiom the deep-flowing streamc of ancient lore ; or, when not thus engaged, she rambled through the vast picture- galleries, the great banqueting- hall, with itt well- lined cabinets of foreign curiosities, the armour-gallery, hung with coats of mail, helmets, and arms that bad faced ' battle's magnificently stern array,' that had each a history of its own written with the blood ef patriotism. Well did she know each section of the ancient mansion— save one. That she could never explore, fer it was walled up — the closed wing of which Mr. Howell had spoken. There was a sad legend connected with it. About a century prior to this the possessor of Bryngwyllt, Mordred Llewelyn, had left his fair dame in lovely grandeur, and had gome out to fight for his country. On his return he was met by the intelligence that she had fled with a page. In hot haste he pursued and overtook them ; scorning to touch her lover, he bore his guilty wife back to her apart ments . In mad jealousy he plunged his dagger through her heart, and, rushing from the awful Sight, he ordered the entire wing to be walled up. Since then, no ome had invaded the place, taough report said it had been en tered and the corpse removed by means of a. -secret entrance unknown. Thus the superstitious country people originated strange tales of unnatural lights ana sounds ; and once a year, on the recurring date of that accursed deed, the restless spirit o| the beauteous Gwendoline was seen to haunt the place. It was said, too, that the ghost was ever uneasy while Ralph Keith was at Bryngwyllt. Why he visited his dull home as frequentlyas he did, being so fond of revelry and dissipation, was a siibjeot of wonderment to many ; for he never oeased to complain loudly, during his brief sojourns, of the ' pitiless fate ' that had doomed him to suoh ' a barbarous prison-hole.' Chapter 'III. It was with some anxiety that Ming Mary drove over in the huge family carriage of the Llewelyos, the sole vehicle retained for use, to see Enid several days after her abrupt flight. She found her alone in the dining- room, busily engaged in cutting out flannel. 1 Oh, Enid, I am so grieved, darling, that you wefe insulted again!' Then almost shrinkingly — ' But you will not mind it— you will not refuse to come? For my do not.' Enid flushed. No-o, dear Miss Mary, for your sake I will endure it in silence ; . but — — ' ' Hush, child ! I anticipate your asking me to remonstrate with abandoned Ralph, My dear, expose not my weakness even to myself. What can I do 1 What dare I do ? How nervous I am I Oh, how I dread my nephew ! Rather than speak to him I must f'.ve yon up, my darling, my only comfort ; see how it distresses you. I cannot think ? of being so selfish as to insist on your coming to visit me, and thussacrifice your ewn hap piness for me.' ; ' I will never leave you ; but, Miss Mary why do you not leave Bryngwyllt V Miss Llewellyn drew Enid's head down upon a level with her lips, I never dare leave if She brought out the words painfully. > ' But why not ?' She went on in a strange, dreamy voice- It is long now since I felt it first; but it never leaves me. Sometimes the weight crushes me. Oh, that fearful night!' ' How you shiver 1' said Eaid, soothingly. Come nearer the, fire, and never mind tell- 2$ we .will talk of more cheerful Tilings. s _ , her Hps to her companion's brow she led her to an easy-chair by the fire. w i ther continue, Enid 1 it is such 5 .rel®5 J? burden my mind. 0 days it haunts me more strongly thanothers always inore when Ralph is near. I dream afterwards such awful dreams— it is misery ! to awake. She covered her face with hecr bands. .. Enid could not comprehend what ah . - meant. >. ' . _ = Hut what haunts you, my dear Hps Mary ? asked Enid geAtly, v-? v;r I forgot you did notknow, ; Tr sad, weary voice r ,idea, a fancy, a vision. excitedly, ... Tf haunted - woman! is alive— alive and deftaUded miheririgbteT! - At times Hie bclief is so ktrong upob me thaV ; I expect to see hefheside mefthen Xdremntw % that I sog jher plainly —hat ho changed ! Her face is ful of aaguish— such angaish ! She seems in suffering. and misery she beckons pleadingly with #er 'poor, - worn liand, bat I can never go to her. When I awake,' iny brow iswefc ith great beads of perspiration. I could never leave Bryng- wyllt ; I must stay on, though it is killing me. Oh, heaven, what have I done to- merit «ach suffering ? My life is being slowly xradermined, and, helpless, lean do nothing/ She leaned back exhausted. You are ill!' cried Enid. ; ; No, dear child.' But, even as she spoke, tghe fainted. Eaid speedily procured cold water te lave her face, and ponred a little brandy between her clenched teeth. She revived slowly, but continued to feel so enfeebled that she asked Enid to send across for old Doctor Price —the village doctor, and a perifial friend of both families for many years. The servant re tained, saying that Doctor Price had left suddenly for London, bat that another doctor was following her. Hesoon arrived, and pronounced his patient to be in an excessively low and weak condi tion, and recommended bed as the safest place for her. Miss Mary knew that the vicarage was none too large now that all the little ones were at home, so she would not hear of remaining, notwithstanding Enid's entreaties. She would return at once to the Hall ; but would not Enid just accompany her back ? She whispered that Ralph bad left. , They were soon ready to start ; but Miss Afary became so alarmingly faint when she «rose, that the doctor good-naturedly offered ito escort her home if he might be accommo dated with a seat in the carriage. His offer was gratefully accepted. Leaning back on the luxurious cushions of the ample vehicle, Miss Llewelyn appeared to sleep, and Enid had opportunity to ob- serve what her new companion was like, which she did with keen curiosity, for it was but seldom thai she saw strangers, and never one so fascinating and grand as this new doctor. He was a tall, broad- set young fellow, with handsome, 'straight-cat features ; bis drooping moustache and curly hair tvere light brown ; and within the azure depths of bis merry eyes there lurked an ever-present spirit of mischief. > May I ask if I have the pleasure of ad dressing Miss Howell?1 he inquired pre sently. \ Yes,1 said Enid, shyly. And don't yon wonder where I have dropt from ?' smilingly. 'Yes,' again replied Enid, not over-bril- liantly. ' My name is Charlie Darrell ; and I am conducting Doctor Price's practice. He was called away on pressing business and is stay ing with my father — they are old friends.' ' Do you live in London, Doctor Darrell V Enid asked, feeling that she must . say some thing. . Yes — at least, I did ; but for several years I have been travelling for pleasure. After I leave here I intend settling down .somewhere.' 'But I thought you were a doctor,' said Enid quaintly, 'How could you practise and travel for pleasure for several years ?' ' I haven't begun much practice yet,' he replied, with an amused look in the quizzical bine eyes. ' I could afford a little time to explore foreign countries, and take it lazily at first.' Enid blushed deeply at his amused look, and wondered what she had said that was not comme il fatU before this grand London jgentleman. . Have you travelled fliucb, Miss Howell !' .Oh, no— scarcely at all ! Do you know— X am ashamed to tefi you— I have never even seen London,' Your turn is to come, then. May I ask what countries you have visited, Doctor Oarrell ? 1 Certainly, i have run through France, Spaic and Italy, and back' through Switzer land, Germany and Belgium; then, since, I have been to Russia. But is not this Bryngwyllt ?' Miss Llewelyn got eufe, and walked to her room with difficulty. With mauy thanks she urged the doctor to stay to dinner. Bat, with a few courteous words, he apologised and left. It was many weeks ere Miss Mary rose from her' couch, upon which she had been laid by a sharp attack of brain fever. Throughout Enid was her constant and un tiring watcher. Many weary hours passed, to find her at her post in the great dismal sick chamber ; the fire was the only cheerful object amid the dreary splendour of its pall like velvet draperies and antique furniture, excepting the fair face of the young nurse. It was a lonely time for Enid. Her father's parish duties prevented him from seeing her often ; her brothers and sisters were away at school again. From Ralph's sight, when he came, she carefully kept herself concealed ; jbut unconsciously she came to count on the daily visit of Dr. Darrell as the one oasis in her desert life. At length the rustling of the wings of death, which so long had hovered near, was Silent once more; the crisis was past, and the patient pronounced rou the way to re covery. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Bbown, do you know why yon are like a donkey ?" " Like adonkey !" echoed Brown, opening his eyes wide. " No, I don't." " Do you give it up ?" " I do." " Because your better hq.If is stubbornness itself." " That's not badi Ha, ha ! I'll give that to iny wife when I get home." " Mrs. Brown," jhe asked, as he salt down to supper, " do you know why I am like # donkey ?" He waited a moment, expecting his wife to give it up. But she didn't. She looked at him SPme- what commiseratingly as she answered, f4I suppose because you were born so." 