THE KELLY GANG. An Age reporter sends the followfing from Ber aila under date June 2nd:-" The excite ment in Benatla O aslioned by the report that the Kelly gang had been seen in the vicinity of BIechworth, hos quite subsided to-night. The remainder of the police who went out have returned. There is no doubt whatever that the gene were seen near Mrs. Byrne's farm. Mrs. Byrne is the mother of one of the gene. The name of the person who saw the Kelly. will not be revealed by the police, bet it is quite evident that some thing has nceuered. The party of police who proceeded to the Worlohed searched several h uees and then dividoed, 'ne party coming back to Benalla whilst another party scoured the ranges near Greta, where it is believed the rang has been living. At and around Greta the police have been on the watch. Numbers of the force are constantly to be seen in disguise passing along tile bush tracks making inquiries and searching dill. gently fora trace of the outlaws. Superin tendent Hare errived in Benalla tils morn. lng, and Ilhs presence here for a short time increased the excitement that was previously privailing. Later in the day, howerr, It was understood that he had been transferred to Benalls to relieve Assistanot-ijommseisoner Nicholoon. Srine little dissatis(saction was expressed at the chane, it being the opinion that Mr. Niclson would outmrnunwvre he outlaws. 'three months back II its sated that hie very nearly succeeded ill capturing tie gang. Ev.ry person in the district is re. markably reticent on the subject of the Kelly. The sslters are still living at Gretas, an u draw their stres trnm the establi-hment of Mrs. O'ttlin. Greta is now only the ghost of its former self, the land in its vicanity havineg been greatly reduce? in vanus in enneequence of tie fact that so much eattle- duftrig has been done in the district." BvUOrDIn Ar Tiae oELnuuRNENiMIErx? y. \- Au extraordtnary ease of suicide was brought to light on Thiursday. About 9 o'clock in the morning a lad, who was walking past one of the enclosed pieces of ground on the south side of the cemetery, noliced a strong smell which seemed to come from a clump of young trees within the enclosure. On looking through the fence he observed thse dead body of a man lying inside the enclosure. Sergeant Dalton got over the fence and found the body lying on its book. Dbathl must;hsve taken place several days ego, as one of thejaws and the eyes were eaten away by insects. The forehead had been pierced by a. bullet, and a esi-cismbered revolver. five barrels of whclh were loaded, was lying near the body. The man, it was quite evident; had shot himself. Argus. [We Iarnes by telegram that the body has been identified as that of Jino. Miller, a recent arrival from New Zea leand.] 