THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (TUBUSHKD DAILY.) rmxniEssioN. ouiv kiuhts, aki> ox)fc maouncsa. SANDHURST, MONDAY, MAY, 8, 1880. ORNAMENTAL WATERS. CASCADES and fountains are very pretty things generally—sometimes very beautiful —and though their raison d'etre is almost solely the ornature of public places, pleasure grounds, gardens, and so forth, they are not without their practical uses. When judi- ciously placed and wx:ll constructed, they may be regarded AS valuable adjuncts to sanitary appliances. Consequently where there is au abundance of water and ample space and room enough for these highly ornamental works, and what is a matter of no small considera tion, whore tlioro aro fluids sufficient to pay for their formation, it is very desirable that they should bo made. It will bo ft Very long timo beforo its inhabitants will bo able to make a second. Damascus of Sandhurst. That Consideration, however, should not deter them from doing from timo to timo whatever the peeun'/.'.vy means, and tho amount of material at thoir com mand, may permit, in order to beautify the city. The money required for tho construction of the proposed waterfalls and fountains in the Camp Reserve is forthcom ing, it having been determined to apply tho Exhibition surplus to that amount, and Mr. Lansell having generously undertaken to supplement it with a handsome sum. We do not quite understand, however, whether Certain necessary subsidiary works, such as tho laying of fresh pipes for the supply of tho cascades, etc., and for carrying oil' tho wasto water, can be defrayed out of tho funds at command. Wo pre sume the Council has thoroughly cal culated the wliolo cost, and nicely weighed the question of probable contin gencies. From the report of tho city sur veyor there seems to bo reason to believe that these will be of a rather expensive nature. Ho evidently anticipates some difficulties in disposing of the water after it has served its ornamental purposes, and is doubtful whether this can bo done with advantage. His remarks on these points demand seri ous attention. But of still greater import ance is the warning given by him that the supply in some parts of the municipality will bo affected by the extra demand made on the mains. Ho states that " the draught would seriously affect tho Quarry Hill supply, and that before such a quantity can be taken, tho 9-inch main will be required. Two street hydrants will draw 20,000 gallons to 24,000 gallons per eight hours; Pall Mall stand-pipe, say 12,000; cascade, say 50,000; one fire-plug, say 9,000; total, 95,000 gallons, equal nearly to 12,000 gallons per hour. The supply to the new fountain will take still more. The present Pall Mall main, unaidod by the higher levels, would supply only about 25,000 gallons per hour, but owing to the net-work of reticulation it would for a short timo supply, as in case of fire, probably 50,000, but at tho ex pense of high levels." Now, with this statement before us, we tliiuk wo may reasonably ask whether wo aro warranted in making extensive ornamental -waterworks, however desirable they may be, at the ex pense of certain parts of tho city, from which a portion of their supply for domestic and sanitory purposes and for tho extin guishment of fires, must be withdrawn. Unless provision is previously fully made for recouping the losses which we aro told must bo experienced at the high levels, wo may inquire with somo anxiety, " is counsel perished from the prudent—is their wisdom vanished i" It is to be feared this proposed ornature of the Reserve will prove to be very costly, and before everything in con nection with it is satisfactorily adjusted, a good deal of public discontent will be en gendered. There is not only tho matter of supply to be considered, which is of para mount importance, because, according to Mr. Steanc, a robbery must bo committed on what is necessary and useful, and it may bo added, indispensable, in order to produce what is simply ornamental, but there is the other important question of tho disposal of the waste water to bo thought of. To conduct it into the public baths in tho first instance is no doubt a very good idea, but it must be got rid of from them, and Mr. Steane thinks this will be no easy matter. The proposal to convoy it thence to Weeroona, he shows, is not so easy or bo feasible as non-professional persons may imagine it to be. He points out that its con veyance thither by means of pipes would involve a heavy outlay, and ho holds that it would be inadvisable to go to so much ex pense, as a good supply will be furnished to the lake down the Back Creek when the race from Diamond Hill to Dead Dog Gully has been carried on, as it will be presently, to Quarry Hill. Then, as he very properly remarks, it would be highly injudicious to convey the water into that reservoir through the street channels, as quantities of filth which would contaminate the lake would necessarily and unavoidably be thus carried into it. His conclusion is that it must be conducted by certain routes to the Back Creek, and there be allowed to run to ■waste. Well, if the city surveyor is right, and we see no reason to doubt that he is, that can scarcely be held to be a very beno ficial undertaking, the first result of which will be to deprive the high levels in the city of a considerable portion of their present • necessary supply, whilst the second result will be the running to waste of the water thus taken. The Council, however, has resolved to go on with the work; tho city architect is to be in structed to prepare plans and specifications, and tenders are to be called for the con struction of these fine fountains and im posing cascades. It is to be hoped the Council is not entering into arrangements for the purchase of a white elephant. Un less Mr. Steane's report is to be dis carded and thrown aside as not being worth tho paper it is written on, it will be found, after these ornamental works have been completed at a great cost, that they can very seldom be allowed to play in their full force and I beauty. We shall have dry fountains, which curious strangers may examine with somo wonder as to thoir purpoao, and cascades which may servo to give sumo idea of those torrents in the deserts which are waterless for lengthened periods. There are Dot a few in the community who will think that tho niouoy to bo expended on this ntipro ductivo project might have been Applied to a bettor purpose. 0AI)LKOK.\mS.—The cable message wc publish ' this morning, intimates that ISar! Cowpur has been appointed Viceroy of Ireland, and Lord Ottagan (? O'Hagan), Lord Chancellor of ire land, The search by the Chauuc-I squadron, for tho s.s. At.ilanta, which left Bermuda threw moutlia ago, ami baa not since Ih:cu heard of lias resulted unsuccessfully, and it i.s greatlv' feared tliat the ship has foundered, mid that all who were on board have finished. Both the liuclish and AnVeHoau crops are expected to yield au ftbVlndant harvest in tile coming season. Tlio prices for wool in the London market aro rather weakor than tl\«y have been. Tuu Esulisu Mail.—A memo, from tlio Telegraph Oilieo informs us that the K.M.S. Mslwa arrivtd at, Ulenelg at live minutes to eleven o'clock 011 Saturday. Tim Late Kojiiikrv From Tin; Catheiunu United Claim.—It, will, no doubt, be remem bered that about a week ago r.otne Copper plates were stolen from the claim of the Catherine United Company, Faglohawk. Tho police have since been enquiring into the mat ter, and Senior constable Gleeson with Constable Kilfedder, re ceived such information as caused them to search a dam of water some six feet deep at Jackass Flat, In the dam they found the plates which bad been uleaued and out into small pieces. Although as yet the otlendei-s haVe not been traced, credit is due to Hie ollicers men tioned for thotr energy irt the mattct. Minkhs' Association,—Tile monthly meeting of the Sandhurst branch of the Miners' Asiocia" tion was held at the Heehive Uxehaitgo on Saturday evening. tlmns Was a large atton- • dance of members, a (id the chair was occupied by thb vice-president of tho association, Mr. Morris Collmauu. A letter was read from K, Baker, of Ballarat, in reference to tlio forma tion of a branch, and the reoi'ctary stated that he bad replied, and forwarded the information asked for, It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Itowe, that the appointment of a delegate to represent the branch at the forthcoming meet ing of the Amalgamated Association, at Climes, should stand over till the next monthly meeting and the secretary was instructed in the mean time to write to the secretary of the Amalga mated Miners' Association, and obtain "in formation with reference to the meetilitf. It was resolved to allow tho notice uf motion standing in tho MM* of Mt\ Whitman to stand over till the VieXt monthly meeting also. A long discussion then took place upon tiiu Advisability of allowing sick benefits W members, and vari ous schemes \VeV'o Suggested; and after a large number of the members present had spoken 011 the subject, it was resolved, on th»» motion of Mr. W. liovre, seconded by Mr. llalpin, that further consideration of the matter should stand over till tile next meeting, wliun it is to be a^aiu taken up and some resolution arrived at. The meating then closed with a vote of tlunks'to the ehairmau. Mokk 1 isii roR Lakh \Yki;uooxa. -—A further supply of lisb for stocking' Lake Weeroona has just arrived. On Fridayeveuing four dozen perch were brought up from the secretary of tho Geelong Acclimatisation Society by Mr. Honey bone, the mesiemier of the Sandhurst City Council, who had been on leave. They arrived 111 excellent condition, and were immediately placed in the lake, which now con tains a great number of lisli in good variety. Bekdhio Agricultural Society. — The monthly meeting of this society was held 011 Saturday afternoon in the Albion Hotel. Pre sent—Messrs. Sterry (in the chair), Stewart, Deibridge, Shaw, Wallis, Tootell, Craike, Kuudell, Doyle, Brulin, and Burke. A letter was read from the analyst of the Department of Agriculture, regretting that it would be impossible for him to for ward a report in time for the meeting re No. 5 sample of soil, which had been sent to him, but he added that he did not anticipate any materially different results from those ob tabled 111 the cases of the soils already reported on.—The letter was received. It was decided that the annual horse parade should be held on the 4th Augmt. The following were ap pointed to act as the Horse Parade Committee!—The finance committee, with Messrs. Smith, Doyle, Yeo, and Deibridge. It was decided that the next ploughing match should be held within the Hnntly Shire on the ISth August, and that the members of the com mittee for the fluutly district should make the arrangements aud prepare schedule of prizes, etc. It was resolved that tho annual meeting should be held on the 22nd of May. Messrs. Ltackham aud Crofts were appointed to audit the society's accounts. It was resolved, 011 the motion of Mr. Shaw, that tho Minister of Lands should be communicated with in respect to the hare nuisance, and drawing his attention to the tact tiiat bis predecessor bad promised to take action in the matter, with a view to the sup pression thereof. His attention was also to be drawn to the necessity of withdrawing the game law as regarded hares, ami to the ill advised idea entertained "by farmers' unions that sporting dogs should be taxed. The meeting then concluded. Bank Holidays.—It is notified in last Fri day's Government Gazelle that in future, applica tions for bank holidays in couutry towns aud districts will only be entertained when they have been received by the Chief Secretary from the head office or offices in Melbourne of the banks having branches in such towns or dis tricts. St. Kilian's Pro-cathedral.—On Sunday, 16th May, the feast of Pentecost, the forty hours' adoiation, will begin in this church. This solemn deration, which is practised in all Catholic countries, trill, then for the lirst time, be introduced iuto Sandhurst. The Blessed Sacrament, which will be placed in tho remon strance during the Pontifical High Mass, which will begin at eleven o'clock, will remain exposed on the altar for the adoration of the faithful until Tuesday morning. Tho most complete arrangements have been mado to iiave the musical portions of the mass worthy of the im posing cercmouies that will be performed that day. Hayden's Imperial Mass will bo rendered for the lirst time by St. Ivilian's choir, assisted by Monaghau'a band aud full chorus, under the conductorship of Mr. H. Monaghau. The several parts of tho mass will be rendered by the best voices in Sandhurst. As St. Ivilian's choir has always maintained a leadiug position amongst the choirs of the coloi-.y, there is no doubt that, assisted a.i it will bo on the lGth instant, it will afford the lovers of sacred music an opportunity of having their refined tastes gratified. At the last mass on that day ad mission at the side doors will be by ticket; single ticket, 2s Gdj family do,, admitting five, 10s. Tho proceeds will go to reduce tho debt 011 the Convent of Mcrcv. Complimentary Banquet.—On Saturday evening, at the Metropolitan Hotel, a compli mentary banquet was given by the staff of the Be.vdigo Advertiser to Mr. J. D. Coburn, for some years connected with the reporting staff of this journal, but who has lately obtained the position of secretary of the Mechanics' Institute. The chair was occupied by the editor of the paper. About twenty gentlemen were present, including a few invited guests, amongst whom w as the hon, R. Clark, Minister of Mines, who, ill replying to the toast of "tho Ministry" made an admirable speech, which we regret we are prevented from reporting, owing to°the private nature of the proceedings. An excellent banquet was prepared by the hostess, Mrs. | Kennedy, aud tho room and tables were very prettily decorated. The principal toast— "The j guest of tho evening"—was proposed by the ehairmau, and enthusiastically drunk. One of tho most enjoyable features of the evening was the rendering of several selections from tho opera of " Pinafore" by a number ot the gentle men present, aided by Mr. H. Mouaghan. Altogether a very pleasant evening was spent. Gold, Calls, and Dividends.—The returns for an off week are very fair, there being over 2,000 ozs of gold. Only one dividend lias been declared, that of the North Shenandoah for £1,200. Tho calls are heavy, amounting to £2,909 15s, and there is a balance in their favor over dividends for the week of £1,709 los. Cp.icket.—The Crusoe Cricket Club will wind up the season with a match on Wednesday next between the right and left handed players of the club. Right, —Buttery, Cooper, JVI'Kenzie, Jones, Hemming, Miller, Fox, Clarke, Bruce, Eslick, Fiddes. Reserve—Shaw, Foster, and Parks. Left. — Anderson, Allen. Campbell, Doble (3), Fiudlay, N'.ele, Staubridge, Parker, and Wilson. Reserve—Keating. Wickets to be pitched at two o'clock sharp. The Weather.—Tho weather yesterday proved very changeable. Tho morning appeared at an early hour rather threatening, but as the (lay wore on appearances improved, the eun shining out brightly. Tho sky became overcast early in the afternoon, and at about four o'clock a smart shower of rain fell, followed for some time by a very light rain. After dusk the clouds cleared off, and a fine night ensued, giving every promise of fine weather to-day, PcriL Surveyors and Draughtsmen.—In laat Friday's Gazette it is notified that applica tions will be received up to Thursday, 10th of June next, from candidates desirous of being appoiuted as pupil surveyors aud draughtsmen in connection with the Lands Department. The conditions under which that can bo done are also published. 1 he Speakership.—Mr. J. M. Grant has (says the Argun) decided to offer himself as a candidate for the Speakership, and hon. mem; bers will this day (Saturday) receive a circular notifying them of the fact. Thus there are now threo candidates in the field—Sir C. M'.Mahon, who is nominated by the Government, aud Mc-rs. Grant and La]or, who were members of the late Ministry, , Political Banquet.—Tlicro will-bo qui to a politiu.il demonstration at Gooloiig this evening. A dinner is to bo given to tho Constitutional candidates who camo forward at the I'eOent clec lion, and Mn Sorvioe, Air. Ulithbert, Mr. Ramsay, And Mr. Bout, have accepted invita tions. t . ANN-ivi:i!SAHY Services.—the anniversary services of the Mothodiat Free Church, Calvin street, were celebrated yesterday. At tho morning eerviiie the Rev. J. Ross, pastor of tlio church, preached an effective sermon. He elioso for his text tlio 119th Psalm, 11th verse—"Thy Word have I hid in mine heart that I iniidit not Bin against, thee. In the afternoon tbo Rov, <1\. : Ground water conducted tbo service': and tlio Rev. K. S. l>iekford preachm*. Vu the evening. 'I'll", congre gations V.ero large, especially in tha afternoon and evening, considering the very inclcoicnt state of the weather. The anniversary of the church will bo further celebrated by a tea and public meeting on Wednesday evening next. EaolKHAWK W a km em's Court.—The warden, Mr. G. Webster, attended at this court on Saturday, and recommended an application made by Mr. H. lvirkwood on behalf of the Phccnix Company, for ft lease oil the St, Milngo and Devonshire linen of r»rf, a road running through thu lcaao to be excised. Deaths in thu Husi'ITAL.—Frederick Nolan, aged GO, admitted into the hospital oil tho 20th instant, died oil Saturday from erysipelas and phthisis. Hannah M'Guineas, aged 50, ad mitted on tho 3rd April, died yesterday from phthisis. in City Poi.icu Court,—Musi's. luindcll and Ilarcourt, Js.l\, attended at tho police Oonrt 011 Saturday, Ail habitual drunkard named Kitty Shaw Was lined Jt5, or in default 14 days' imprisonment. Edmund Fletcher, Charged jVith wilfully and maliciously shooting . at 'John Wallisli, with .intent todo^HeVoUsbo'dily harm, was remanded till Monday, and admitted to bail. 1'. J. M'iNainara proceeded against J. O'Rrien for tlio illegal detention of ft dog valued at £5. Mr. Laugford appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Brown for the dofend.mt. After taking evidoooo tho helioh dismissed tho case with A'K 2a. Costs to the defendant, Tho court then adjourned. The Herald has tho following:—Mr. Andrew O'Keefe, a well-known settler oil the Campaspe, gives an iiistanco of tho dilliculty of obtaining suitable or any labor in the district. A few days since ho wanted to clear a sixty aero pad dock, and put on ,'tO men, Only thrne of them, however, remained above a week, most prefer ring, indeed, to get a supply of rations mul then to clear for another raiiche. Tltti til'iDisMlCS.—It is hoped (states the Aj'i/llit) that the prompt action taken by tho sanitary Authorities throughout tlie country has stopped tlio spread of tile measles epidemic, as no frcah Bases have been (reported to the Central Board. Instructions, have been issiied by tho Chief Secretary to insure in future a stricter quarantine of infected vessels arriving in tho bay, Another death from diphtheria ban occurred at Hamilton, where, also, a fresh case of this disease has been discovered. The Star says that a case of scarlet fever of a mild type has been reported in Ballarat. The livprexaita lire states that one of the diphtheria patients lately discharged from tho Castlemaine Hospital has had a relapse and had to be re-admitted on Saturday. Thu AuiiNT-GKNKii.ii.sinp.—Tho position iu reference to the Agent-Generalship is (says the Teleyruph) unchanged, the Cabinet not having made a move -since the receipt of Mr. Childers's telegram. Tho ullice has not been declined by anyone, because to no person, either in or out of Parliament, has it been offered by tho present Government. The duhject, indeed, has not yet even been considered by Ministers iu Cabinet, so that it is undecided whether tho immediate appointment should be a temporary or perma nent one, or to whom in either case it should be ollered. Mr. Childers, iu his telegram, men tioned Sir Andrew Clarke and Colonel Pasley as gentlemen qualified and not unwilling to suc ceed him, and should it bo determined not to make a permanent appointment from Victoria at present, the former would probably be asked to occupy the position pro lem., as his pension would merge iu the salary of the olUco. In view, however, of reform of tho constitution having to be dealt with in the coming icsaion, Ministers may naturally desire to liavo the colony represented iu London by a gentleman fresh from the colony, and in full sympathy with them on the constitutional question. Tin dilliculty of obtaining such a one without sacri licing Boms promineut supporter from tho Assembly, when he is most wanted, nay pre vent tho fulfilment of that desire. Tho alterna tive would then be as we have intimated, the temporary appointment of some one from Vic toria outside Parliament, or of one of the gentlemen named by Mr. Childcrs. The matter will be considered by the Cabinet on Tuesday noxt, and a decision probably oome to at onco. I'EDESTRIANtSSf.—Tho match between W. Murray, of Timor, and A. Allsop, of Sandhurst, is (says the Maryboroyiih Standard) exciting a great deal of interest among the friends of the former pedestrian in this district. Tho event lias beeu (ixed to come off at Sandhurst on the 30th Juno, Murray receiving £5 towards hie ex penses. The stakes are £25 aside, and tho dis tances to be run are 100, 300, and 4<10 yards. "The Victorian Review."—The Mayuuin bor of thii excellent periodical has reached us. It opens with a very interesting article on "The Affairs of Europe," by Etnilio Castelar, the famous Spanish orator. The other articles aro—" Iriuli Home Rule and tho Colonies," by Carl A. Feilberg; " Payment of Members," by Stuart Reid; " French Politics and English Opinion," by C. E. Winton-Oxen; "The Island of Duhitadiva," by James Smith; " Alessandro Manzoni," by O. M. Spencer, U.S. Cousol-Gene ral for Australia; "Victorian Treatment of the Insane," by W. Balls-Headley, M.D.; "Mr. M'Lennon's ' Kiuship in Early Greece,'" by Dr. Hearn, M.L.C.; "The Publio Charities and their Abuses," by Jamoa Jainicaou, M.D.; "Ethics and Christianity," by Rov. Alex. Gos man; " A Word on the Frozen Meat Question," by the Editor. Si G.N-or Tamburini's Entertainment.—This evening an entertainment will be given iu St. James's Hall by Professor Tamburini, intro ducing the canary bird trick, and innumerable other clever tricks never yet witnessed by a Sandhurst audience. Tile prices are moderate, and no doubt will be availed of by a great many persons, Tho performance will commence at eight o'clock. Bendigo Benevolent Asyldm.—The com mittee sat at tho usual hour on Friday. Pro scut—Tho president (Mr. J. Ellison), in tho chair, with Messrs. Steane, O'Connor, J, Boyd, M.D., and H. Birch (hon. secretary). Thirty-seven applicants were rolievcd by orders upon stores, and twenty-nine iu kind from tho institution, in addition to those already on the books; aid to ten cases was stayed. One man applied for assistance, appa rently strong and healthy, but upon being asked if he would accept 5s. weekly, with board and residence, emphatically declined tha offer. Application uot entertained. Reports from medical officer, superintendent, aud collector were read and received. State of the house.— Adults, 119; children, S9; total, 208. Out door.—Families, etc., relieved during the week, 23G. "Cooeh."—We have received this shorthand periodical for the month of December. Tho journal has reached its second volume, and in the number under notice, there are several in teresting articles. The editor announces the receipt of a supply of shorthand books aud stationery. State of Her Majesty's Gaol.—The follow ing is the state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Sandhurst, for the week ending 1st May, 1SS0:—Last return, 65 males; 17 females. Since received, 4 males; 3 females; total, G9 males, 20 females, Since discharged, 12 males, 5 females. Total now in, 57 males; 15 females. Classified as follows:—Trial, 13 males; 1 female. Remanded, 1 male; 0 female. Default of fines, etc., S males, & females. Default of sureties, 4 males, 0 female. Imprisonment, 18 males, 2 females. Hard labor, 13 males. 7 females. Authorised Survetors.—A numerously at tended preliminary meeting of authorised sur veyors was held on Friday, at Cullen's Hotel, to oonsider the now regulations issued by the de partment of Lauds for the guidance of surveyors, aud other matters relating to the profession. It was unanimously resolved (says tho Aryus) that the new regulations, in so far as they relate to the assignment of defined districts to certain chosen surveyors, were grossly unjust to other authorised surveyors who had been passed over, aud who were in consoqueuce totally debarred from earning a livelihood. Dissatisfaction was expressed with the Victorian Institute of Sur veyors, and it was resolved that steps should be taken to organise a new association to protect and improve the status of the profession. Tho secretary was requested to communicate the re solutions arrived at to the whole of the profes sion, and invite them to attend a meeting to be held on Friday, the 14th May. Major Smith's Art Union.—The Courier says that a strong demand has set in for shares in the distribution of Major Smith's property. A meeting of the shareholders will be held next week to arrange tho time and mode of distribu tion, which will probably take place the end of next week. The Constitution of Misisb Boards.—At the last meeting of the Maryborough Mining Board it was resolved (says ihe Standard) to urge upon the Lands department tile advisabi lity of resuming the old custom of allowing chairmen of mining bon.'.s to ait on local laud boards. It was also decided that tho other mining boards should be u^ked to assist in ob taining the privilege. At the meeting of the Castlemaine Mining Board on Monday it was stated that the chairman of that body had seen some members of the Ministry in reference to the same subject, aud they had expressed ap. proval of the recommendation. It was decided to acquaint the ^Maryborough board with the fast. Mb. Donald Camhro.v.—Mr. D. Camoron, »u ox-member of tho Legislative Assembly, was (says tlio Aiytls) charged at thu (Jity Police Court oil l>Viday with, assaulting a \V.ortiai\ nalhod Lizftic Wilson'. Between .tbleo and four o'clock in the limi'iiing lie visited tlio bonne of tho prosecutrix, ami on being requested to leave he struck lior with a bottle, indicting, however, but a slight wound. Tho effects of the blow rendered her temporarily insensible, and she had to be treated at the Melbourne Hospital. The bench inllicted a penalty of 20s., with 2(K costs. Till'. EstoIatjW.—Tlio. Treasurer. is now taking., tlio necessary ' atcjjs for (lio preparation of t.lib Estimates for ISSOl, and we understand that the departmental reports are all gloomy as to revenue prospects. The year 187U-S0, so far, has very far from realised expectations. Thus, tho ollice of tlio registrar of titles has hereto fore always shown a steady growth, but whereas it was estimated to yield jC"ti,000 for tlio pre sent year, it in now reported that tho total return will not exceed £2:i,000. This is a small office, but it is one which depicts thu situation. The revenue is derived from the payment of small fees, and there must liavo been an im illenso falling oil' in tlio buying and selling of real estate to cause a deiieiciey of .Ci.OOO. rotn the Treasury standpoint the most serious deficiency is in tho Lauds Department, where the revenue has sadly broken down. And thcro is the dellcioncy already established of JMOO.OOO to bo got rid of. The task of restoring Vic torian lluaiico from confusion to order is, as it will be seen, one of almost unprecedented diffi culty.—Atynf. PoMUli I'iUtMOTtosa.—Considerable surprise and dissatisfaction prevail throughout the police force (says thu -iyi1) at the promotion over their beads of a iliember of tho detective force to tho last vacant inspectorship. Tho. former forcc numbers about .1,1Q0', including .a good uprink linjj of serjjcuntji |ii'id senior coiisUihlca grown grey iii tlio Service, rind In every respect deserving promotion and suitable for tho posi tion. . Tltu detectives number only thirty, and their routine duties are altogether foreign to thoso of the police, and their training is quite different. The police murmur at promotions which they consider are equitably duo to them •selves, according to precedents and usual prac tice, being thin transferred to a small body out side their own force. No reflections are made affecting the gentleman appointed, but tho prin ciple receives general condemnation, A SlNUUI.AU STOltV.—A correspondent of the Oft'loii;/ Advertiser is responsible for tho follow ing "ghost" storyt— As I know you feel inte rested in such circumstances, I. write, in ease you may not have beard it, to tell you of a very rcmarkiiblo circumstance connected, with the doath, at- Hamilto.i, of tile late Archdeacon Lines'. ^ The archdeacon, lis you knew, died of diphtheria, and though perfectly sensible to the last, was unablo to articulate a syllable, and was, tlierofo.-e, compelled to have recourse to writing. Thin lends additional value to the cir cumstance which I have to tell you. .For some months tho archdeacon had been assisted as lay roader by a young mail recently arrived from how# named Lissermau, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnoatness and goodness. After working a few month", I10 fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks bufore th> archdeacon, dust hifore bis death, the archdeacon, who, :u I have told you, expressed all be had to say in writing, and was compa* maiti.i to the last, wrote that;;oing into his study one evening, after Lisseriuan'a'death, lio saw him standing at the study tabl«, and in voluntarily exclaimed, 'Holloa! are you here!' 'Yea,' replied the apparition, ' and where I now am, thoro will you noon bel' Mr. Innes was not a mail of fancies, or of impaired physique; and whoa ho saw tho apparition was in the enjoy ment of robust health. These facts aro well known and vouched for." The Railway Barriers.—We [Telegraph) understand that the "barrier" notico boards at Sponcor-streot, intimating that non-passengers will bo admitted within the fences 011 payment of Gd., are' to bo forthwith removed. The station-masters also at every station where barriers are erected aro to bo held responsible for seoiiig Mr. Gillies's instructions carricd out with discretion, and to the convenience of the public, in whose interests they were issued. Persona accompanying passengers, or having business with the departing trains, are to have free ingress to tho inner platforms 011 all ordinary occasions. Tho only objec^indeed, of retain ing tho fences is for holiday times, when there is a great crush, and to keep loafers and idlors out of the way at all times. A Dastardly Dkkd.—A most diabolical deed was perpetrated at Kyitbram on Sunday night last, which resulted in the death of a line horse, the property of a fanner named Ryan. It seems that Ryan turned his horses out in his paddock on Saturday ereniug, and 011 going to fetch them up for work on Monday, found the best one lying dead with its throat cut. The poor fellow is almost distracted with Ilia loss, as he will be retarded with his ploughing. Motives of rovenge aro suspected of having been the cause of this evil deed, and as these sort of crimes are not generally done in the sight of witnesses, thcro is very little chance of the scoundrel who committed it being brought to justice. Strange to say (the lVaranga C/ironiclc reports) that a similar deed was peipetratod at Mr, M'Kay's j farm, near Gunn'a Swamp, tho same night, but [ in this case the miscroaut only succeeded in cutting tho borso across tho hind legs with a knife, and the animal is likely to recover. Up to Monday morning M'lvay was not aware that I he hxd any enemies. Tho office of the Sandhurst Bone/it Building and Investment Society is now at the Albion Chamber*. It is notified by Mr. Von der Heyde that the , office of tlio following companies is at the Albion ChambersNew Chum United, Ellesmere, Kurekn Kx tended, Hercules and Kuergetic, Lazarus, and Luz\rus No. 1. Messrs. Davies and Robortson acknowledge the prompt and satisfactory settlement made by the South British Insurance Company, for tho loss J sustained by thorn by the lato tire at their cordial manufactory, Golden- square. 