FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) ABANDONED. CHAPTER XXIII. KENNETH MALCOLM'S LETTER. Where is the angry and nearly distracted bride- groom during all this time? When he dashed in such blind passion from the side of his beautiful bride just as the folding doors were sliding back, he scarce knew or cared where he went or what became of him. He never would have believed it had any one told him that life for any mortal could have been ren- dered such an utter blank in one moment of time, as it were. A few fierce strides took him down those same stairs which Caroline had led him a few moments before, out through the garden into the street, where springing into the first carriage he saw, he bade the driver take him with all speed to Lord Dur- ward's residence. Gaining his own rooms unobserved, he dashed off a few words to the earl, changed his bridal suit for a travelling costume, packed his portmanteau with a few necessary articles of clothing, and that night found him crossing the English Channel for the Con- tinent ; not as he had expected, full of joy and an- ticipation for the future, with a beautiful wife by his side, but filled with a grief so bitter and profound that life seemed a burden too heavy to be borne. He had no idea where he was going -- he cared not whither -- his only thought was to get away -- away somewhere to drown the misery of his bursting heart, and where be could forget that blighting, withering sigh which had crushed out every hope from his soul and made life a curse. From place to place he roamed, this cruel, burn- ing pain, the sense of deepest injury never leaving him. He grew poor and wan ; a wild light of pain and restless longing was ever in his eyes, that one dread- ful picture always in his mind. Every one whom he met regarded him with looks of sympathy, wondering what dreadful sorrow could have made one so young and noble in appearance look so pitiful and heart-broken. For months he was constantly moving, wandering through France, Switzerland, Italy, across the Adri- atic into Turkey, Greece, and Asia. He braved the dangers of the tempestuous waters of the Black Sea, he passed through countries smit- ten with disease and scourge, he shrank from no hardship or bodily suffering ; but nothing brought him either rest or peace -- nothing eased his burning brain. Death would not touch him with her coveted hand of forgetfulness; life, instead, held him with a relentless grasp, from which he would fain escape. Worn to a shadow, and not knowing what else to do, he finally retraced his steps, until he found him- self in a little village of Switzerland, where he had ordered his letters forwarded, and where he found several awaiting him. Notwithstanding his indignant rejection to enter- tain for a moment the thought of obtaining a divorce from his wife, yet ever since receiving Lord Dur- ward's letter proposing it, the idea had haunted him continually. He had no desire to be free himself; it could never profit him anything, for he had lost all confidence in woman. He knew he could never trust another, and fully expected to live out a long and desolate life alone, unless, perchance, God should mercifully shorten his days, and soon grant him eternal peace. Still ever and anon the thought would intrude it- self, that, if he cared not for a separation on his own occount, perhaps he ought to consent to it for Nina's sake ! He loved her yet, notwithstanding her faithless- ness to him, and would be glad to know of her hap- piness, even though his own life was utterly ruined. Doubtless, he reasoned with exceeding bitterness, she loved that handsome young stranger, with all the strength of her nature. He believed he had the strongest possible proof of it, for had he not seen her permit and bestow caresses, such as she would never allow or grant him, pretending a shyness, which, while it had charmed him, was the grossest deception and fraud. No one can comprehend the bitterness of his suf- ferings, as he thus recalled day by day the sickening experiences of his wedding morning, and realized how he had been cheated and duped by an artful woman, in order that she might win wealth and position. He felt the intensest scorn also for her, that she should be willing to sacrifice her lover to attain her end. Yet his great faithful heart never ceased to yearn for her with unutterable longing, and for the tender Iove which he had so fondly believed had been his. Sometimes he would dream that he held her in his arms, all his own again, and could look once more into her pure innocent eyes, which he had been so confident must reflect the purity of her soul ; again her sweet lips met his in their shy but tender caress, and the clear tones of her dear voice seemed to greet him as of old, with that title she had delighted to bestow upon him --" Kenneth, my King." Oh, it was delightfully real in his dreams, and for the time a blessed relief from the agony of his wak- ing hours -- then he would arouse to the blighting reality, and in his despair pray to die. Yet as he became more and more oppressed with the weight of his own woe, a tender pity for her arose in his heart. She must be suffering acutely from the disgrace of his desertion ; she was bound to him by ties which she could not dissolve, and therefore deprived of the protection which she might otherwise receive by giving herself to another. " She must know," he said to himself, that I can never acknowledge her as an honored wife, and although bearing my name, yet it can never be any- thing but a reproach to her; and loving that other as she does, will not her marriage vows become a curse to her ? Shall I be obstinate, and doom her to a life of sad celibacy, when in all probability she would, if free, return to him and be happy in his love. Per- haps the earl is right after all." Thus he reasoned, and gradually came to agree in his mind to what Lord Durward had proposed, and by the time he had reached that little village in Switzerland where his letters awaited him, he had resolved to return to England, and consent to any- thing which Nina might desire regarding a separa- tion. He found among his letters, one, the sight of which, set his heart bounding and his pulses leaping with excitement. The address was in the delicate chirography of Nina, Countess of Melrose ! It was mailed from a town in Warwickshire, Eng- land. For a long time he held it clasped in his hands, too dizzy and faint to open it, and dreading yet longing to read its contents. With trembling fingers he at length broke the seal and read : "Kenneth: I have only just succeeded in ob- taining your address, the Earl of Durward having refused utterly to give me any clue to your where- abouts, or I should have written you before. I can- not now explain to you the events of that dreadful day, for I am not sure that this letter will ever reach you, and i should be unwilling that any one else should read the facts I desire to disclose to you. I ask you to come back to me for five minutes -- it is all I wish, to clear myself from all blame in your sight ; then if you choose to leave me again, I will try and bear it patiently, as one of the life-lessons set me by the Great Teacher, and which I must learn in order to fit me for another world. " Yours, ever faithful, Nina." The letter, simple and touching though it was, aroused at once all the lion in his nature. " How dare she sign herself in that way! he cried. " Does she think to cheat me out of the evidence of my own senses ? If she is pure and true, why need she fear to have any one know it, even though this letter had never reached me ?" He was trembling like a reed shaken by the wind, and again, as on his wedding- day, reason was blinded by his excessive pain. " Does she think," he continued, " to win me back with her smooth ways and artful words, that she may exult over me, and take her position in the world as my honored countess ! Explain it all in five minutes ; clear herself from all blame in my sight ! -- she never can do that. Why did she not speak then when I commanded her ?" He forgot that she had not five seconds then, and that Caroline stood by eager to drink in every word. Never ! I will never go back to her -- did she not confess that he was her lover ? She can never clear herself in my sight, for I saw her in his arms, and weeping because she had given herself to me. I will never look upon her face again, will not trust my- self under the spell of her voice again, and she shall go free if she desires. She may regret that she ever yielded him that interview, she may sorrow on ac- count of the wrong done me ; but it was an act of treachery which I never will forgive -- though Heaven knows, I love her madly still. Oh, my love \-- my lost, my fallen love ! why could you not have been true at least to one of us ?" He wiped the sweat from his death-like face groaning aloud. The letter had completely unmanned him, and he saw that he could never return to England ; he could never nerve himself to go into her presence again; his heart was filled with the most passionate love and longing for her, but his pride and reason told him that she was cunning, false, and unworthy. He resolved to end it all at once -- to annul, for her sake, if she would consent, all ties which united them, and commission either Lord Durward or his lawyer to act for him in the matter ; and when all was over, he trusted that he should in some way obtain relief. When he could calm himself sufficiently, he sat down and answered her, crowding all tenderness back into his heart, and exercising only his stern sense of justice. " Madam : I have just received your letter. I can never return to you, even for the five minutes you desire. No explanations can ever efface from my memory the events which, at a single blow, wrecked my whole life upon our wedding-day. As I said then, I say now -- I shall never look upon your face again ; but I have been led to feel that perhaps I am doing you a wrong, by keeping you bound to one who can never be other than a stranger to you. Our lives must henceforth lie apart, and since it is to be so, perhaps it would be best that I should set you free from vows which can mean nothing to either of us. If this proposal should meet your approval, will you please let me know at once, and all things shall be done with as little publicity and violence to your feelings as possible. I shall, however, con- tinue the same annuity to you as you are receiving at present, or whatever you may designate as right. I shall await your reply here. " Most obediently, Kenneth Malcolm, " Earl of Melrose." It was a cruel letter, though he did not realize how cruel at the time; his own sufferings and sense of injury made him heedless as to his reply. A week or two later he received this answer : " Kenneth Malcolm, Earl of Melrose: " Your decree, regarding the future, I am forced to accept, and I yield assent to whatever measures you may think it advisable to adopt. I leave it all with you -- and God, and that He may care for and bless you ever, will be the constant prayer of N." " P. S.-- Allow me to add that I most emphatically refuse in the future, as I have in the past, to receive any pecuniary benefit whatever from you." The first half of the letter was faint and wavering, as if the hand that traced it had been almost power- less to hold the pen. The postscript, however, was written in a firm distinct hand. It was as though love, smitten, crushed, and faint- ing, had written those first, sad, hopeless words, while pride and insulted dignity had penned the latter sentence. Kenneth's lips quivered, and his whole frame shook with the mighty throbs of his tortured heart as he read it. Almost unconsciously he had half hoped that she would refuse to accept his proposal. It would have been easier to deal with her, proud and resistant, than in this submissive heart-broken mood, with that prayer for his future good, looking up at him through those blurred words. "Strange," he murmured, " that she has not, and will not accept an allowance, when that must have been one of her motives in marrying me ! It is strange, too, that the earl has not written me about it before, and also that he should refuse her my ad- dress! I wonder," he continued, examining the let- ter again, " how they happened to be in that place ? It must be that madam lost her pupils after that farce, and to escape the scandal, they left the city ; but it is very singular that they should go there." With a gloomy brow he sat down at once, and wrote to the earl. He said that it would be impossible for him to re- turn, as he had requested, but if he was too feeble to attend longer to his affairs, he could intrust everything in the hands of his own lawyer. And furthermore, he had, after long and serious thought, decided to allow him to take measures for a legal separation from the Countess of Melrose. Would he be kind enough to file, or commission his lawyer to do so, the necessary petition, on whatever grounds he might think best, and which would prove most effectual and expeditious. He particularly re- quested that all might be done, if possible, without requiring his presence -- the expense he should not consider at all, so that the desired end was obtained. Any papers requiring his signature could be for- warded to him and then returned ; and he also de- sired that all due regard for the countess' feelings in the matter be considered. This written and dispatched, Kenneth felt that all was over; he had done that which would for- ever separate him from the only woman in the world whom he could love, and whom he loved at that mo- ment, with a passion which was consuming his life. The die was cast! They were to be as strangers from that moment; she would not even bear his name, after that fatal petition should be signed, and worse than all, was the agonizing thought that an- other would now win her, another would give her his name, would claim the white hand whose touch had so thrilled him, would gaze into those clear, deep eyes which had always made him think of heaven; another would wear upon his heart the jewel which he had coveted and believed so priceless, and would bask in the sunlight of her presence, which must brighten all within its reach. He threw himself upon his bed and sobbed out his grief in the first tears of real sorrow unmixed with anger, which he had shed since that dreadful day. He felt like an outcast, an exile -- like some lone, lost bird driven from his mate out on a stormy ocean, where, tossed about on the angry billows until worn and weary with its useless battlings against elements stronger than itself, it lay down in despair, waiting to be swallowed in the depths. The misery was more than he could bear. Oh ! if he could only forget ! if he could but find something to occupy his mind -- inertia would drive him mad ! Again he became a wanderer, going wherever the impulse seized him, longing to find the Lethe -- that stream of silver clearness, from which, according to Grecian mythology, the Shades used to drink and find forgetfulness of their earthly sorrows. CHAPTER XXIV. PREPARING FOR THE DIVORCE. Lord Durward, on recovering from the stupor or faint in which be had fallen upon beholding the supposed ghost of Madeline, found himself benumbed with cold and terror. A clammy sweat covered his whole body, and he was so weak that it was with difficulty he arose to his feet. He tottered to his chamber and fell upon his bed, where be lay quaking with fear during the remainder of the night. It must not be supposed that his lordship was natu- rally so weak-minded and foolish as this. Had he possessed a clear conscience, had his health been firm, and his nerves strong, he would never for a moment have imagined that the figure which had thus stolen into his grounds was the spirit of his dead wife, however much she might have resembled her. He would, instead, have gone quickly below to solve the mystery of her presence there. But a guilty conscience and bodily weakness make strange cowards of us all. Not a sound came up from the rooms beneath him, while he lay on his bed shivering with terror, to warn him of the strange visitor there, and of whom there was afterward no visible trace. Morning found him exhausted and feverish. It was long before he was able to leave his cham- ber again, and be continued to grow more nervous and irritable, having less and less appetite, and tak- ing no interest in anything about him. " Oh, if Kenneth would only come !" was his con- stant cry. The doctor came every day, but began to fear that his skill would avail little unless his lordship could be aroused from his present condition, and throw off the monomaniacal fancies which seemed to possess him. Three weeks and more passed, when one morning there came a letter stamped with a foreign post- mark, and directed in Kenneth's bold hand. The earl nervously tore it open, and eagerly read its contents. They acted like a charm upon him. His wan features at once resumed an expression of interest ; his dull eye lighted with its old, keen look, and a smile of satisfaction wreathed his thin lips. He arose, and dressed himself without assistance \-- a thing he had not done before in many weeks. He then rang for a servant and ordered a hearty breakfast ; and to add to the wonder which this unusual command occasioned he ate it as if he were ravenously hungry. Then he sent for his man of business, and laid be- fore the crafty lawyer Kenneth's desire for a divorce, and bade him hasten his movements in the matter just as fast as possible. Dr. Crawford came, and was surprised, as well as somewhat puzzled, by the change in his patient ; and upon being told by the countess that he had received news that pleased him, he remarked : " All that was necessary, was that he should have something to interest and arouse him." When his lawyer had departed, Lord Durward desired that Caroline should be sent for, and he com- municated the fact to her, that Kenneth had written him desiring him to use every means in his power to obtain a separation from his wife. He was rewarded by seeing something of the old look of interest and animation return to her sad face. " Is he coming home ?" she asked, eagerly. No, he is too sore and bitter to return just yet; and it is just as well, too, for him to remain away until the bill is granted. Something might happen that they would meet ; and if she can, as she told me, explain everything satisfactorily, you know he would be just foolish enough to take her back again." " Where do you suppose madam and Nina went after they disappeared from London ?" Caroline asked, thoughtfully. "I'm sure I don't know. I presume they were glad to hide their heads anywhere, to escape from the scandal which they created. Perhaps they have returned to Rouen, where they came from." " Oh, I hope not, for Kenneth being on the Conti- nent, they might meet again," exclaimed the girl anxiously. " That is so," replied his lordship, with a frown. " But we will not imagine or anticipate trouble -- it is real enough, and comes fast enough not to worry over shadows." " It's my opinion," he added with a grim smile, " that Kenneth will keep clear of the women for awhile at least, and I believe he will get tired of wandering after awhile, and be glad to come home for a little comfort. Then will be your time, Caro, to make him realize the mistake he made in the first place ; but you must make up your mind to be very patient and gentle, if you care to win him." " Care to win him ! Oh, papa, if Kenneth Mal- colm would but bestow a tithe of the love upon me that he did upon Nina Leicester, earth would seem like paradise to me," she breathed, with an inten- sity that startled him. " Caroline, I had no idea that you cared for him like that !" the Earl said gravely. " Papa did you never feel as if your very life de- pended upon anyone's affection for you ?" she asked with burning eyes. " No, I do not think I ever allowed myself to be- come so infatuated as that," he replied, with some- thing like a sneer curling his thin lips. But almost involuntarily his thoughts went back to that night, when Madeline had said, with that same intense eagerness as Caroline now manifested; " your love is the one thing in this world for which I care most, and you know I love you -- I love you so fondly" and in his sympathy for his daughter he now began to realize something of what her suffer- ings had been beneath his coldness and abuse. "Papa, I do not believe you have any feeling for any one, or anything except for glory and fame,' Caroline returned, almost passionately, and stirred to anger by his sarcasm. " You mistake there my daughter," he replied with sudden feeling, " for I am very fond of my children. You and Ralph have been the pride and joy of my heart, and anything which affects you or your hap- piness causes me deepest concern. My disappoint- ment on your account, together with the anxiety which I have suffered in seeing you so ill and miser- able, was half, I believe, that caused my own sick- ness. But I have great hopes now for the future, and if I can see my children both well established in life, I shall be all right again." "I hope so, truly, papa." " But my dear, it will never do to show Kenneth any more of that fiery temper of yours. You must make yourself over, if you expect to please him ; do you think you can do it ?" " I will make myself an angel, papa, if that will win him -- though I fear he will shun those celestial beings hereafter, since he always believed Miss Lei- cester to be one, and was so deceived," Caroline said, scornfully. "I do not care to have you turn into an angel just yet, only to get your impulsive nature under con- plete control ; and that is a very hard thing to do you know." " I am a Durward, your lordship, and they can do whatever they will," she returned, proudly. "Almost, I admit," and he laughed aloud for the first time in months, then added : " But when our resolute Scott went against us all, six or eight months ago, I began to think that we were not quite infallible after all. By the way, who do you suppose that fellow Louis is ?" " I have not the slightest idea, papa -- there is only one solution as I see of that mystery, he must have been a lover, whom she had cast off, in order that she might become a countess." " What did he look like ?" " He was somewhat taller than Miss Leicester, very manly looking, and very handsome. He had very dark hair -- almost black, with black eyes, and he wore a moustache. He must have been an old lover, papa, for no cousin or relative would be so tender as he appeared. The scene was really affecting, I as- sure you, to see her weeping upon his bosom, his arms clasped about her waist, and his lips pressed to hers. " " It must have been surely -- but It is no more than could have been expected, plebeian blood always be- trays itself in some way or other. I only wonder Kenneth did not find her out for himself." " What makes you so sure they belong to a low class, papa ?" " Because, if they had any right to a high position, they would not have refused to make it known." " They certainly appeared as well as the noblest family in London. Nina Leicester did not show the least trace of plebeinism." " That is very true," his lordship returned, as his mind went back to that day when she had paid him that visit in his private office, and had appeared like a queen before him, " and," he added, " I can- not blame Kenneth for admiring her, for she was certainly very handsome and fascinating." " Papa, do you believe he will ever dare to marry again after being so deceived ?" " Marry again ! of course he will. You don't sup- pose he is going to allow his proud name to die out, and his magnificent estates and property to go to the crown, do you ?" " I should hope not, but --" "But what?" " I am afraid he will never marry me. He was very angry with me for the way I talked to Miss Leicester at Lady Bathurst's ball, he was more so when I gave him that first note ; and I fear he will always hate me for being connected with his last terrible trouble." " He ought instead thank you for having opened his eyes, even at that late day," Lord Durward ex- claimed. " If he had only read the note before going to the church, everything would have been all right. " Yes ; but everything seemed to go wrong at that time. You have never told me though, how you happened to pull the wool over Miss Leicester's eyes, and be such good friends with her after your unfor- tunate encounter with her at Bathurst House." " No ; but if you remember, I told you I would do it if you would allow me to go back to school. I met Nina a few days after, and she greeted me as if nothing had happened. I pretended to be very humble and sorry for my unlady- like words, and the soft thing forgave me at once, and took me right back into her good graces. I really believe that she did like me, papa, and I have often wondered at it, for she wept that night before the wedding on bidding me good- by, and said that she had grown to care for me very much, and should miss me exceedingly. Then you know she gave me that elegant bracelet, while the other pupils only received a ring." " It was strange she should take to you, especially when you were all the time plotting against her. I think there was something very mysterious about them both, don't you ?" the earl asked, musingly. " The only thing which seemed at all mysterious to me, was their high-toned ways. Madam Leicester was a perfectly magnificent woman, papa, and noth- ing ever disturbed her dignified composure." "Well, I never happened to meet her, but I've heard enough about her to make me somewhat curious. Notwithstanding Miss Leicester's beauty and gracious ways, there was always something about her which made me feel very uncomfortable," said his lordship. "And me too,"replied Caroline, "though I never knew her to do a mean or a wrong thing, except on her wedding-day. I am sometimes almost afraid that she could even explain that as she said she could." "Why didn't she then? Pshaw! there could be no explanation of anything which of itself was so plain," impatiently returned his lordship. " Do you not think it is rather strange that she would not receive the remittances you sent her papa ?" "I did at first, but I have come to think that it was one of her arts to disarm Kenneth's mind. I have taken good care, however, that he should know noth- ing about it, and he will find a nice little sum has accumulated during his absence, when he returns." " I shall feel very impatient until that time ; how long do you think it will be before the petition is granted." "I don't know; Grinder seemed to have some doubts, at first, about the divorce being granted at all on the plea and evidence presented ; but I told him it must be done, and he finally said that if we did not object to spending a snug sum it might be ac- complished, perhaps." " And what did you tell him ?" " I told him that money was no object, we must have a divorce at all events !" If only she will keep out of the way," said Caro- line, anxiously. " Yes, if she should persist in telling her story, it might upset everything, and that is why I am so anxious to keep Kenneth away until all is settled." " Will it not be necessary for him to appear to give his reasons for desiring the separation, and give his evidence against Nina ?" " That was one thing which troubled Grinder, but he thought that perhaps plenty of money might fix it, seeing that Kenneth is not really his own master yet. It was a good thing making me his guardian until he was twenty-five." " But, papa, I am afraid Madam Leicester will op- pose it. She is very resolute when she chooses, and so is Nina also," Caroline said, doubtfully. " Well, we will hope for the best. If we do not know their residence, we cannot notify them when the case is to come off, and we shall be obliged to in- sert a notice of our intentions in the papers ; and if they should not happen to reach them, they would know nothing about the affair until all was over, and then it would be too late for any opposition," and the earl looked very hopeful over this cunning speech. " I trust all will result as you anticipate, papa, but I shall be very anxious until all suspense is at an end." " Well, we have discussed the subject enough for one day. I am tired and must rest, although I feel like a new creature since receiving Kenneth's letter. I suppose I need not fear," he added, smiling fondly on her, " but that you will do your best t[o] help me unite the houses of Durward and Melrose." "Indeed you need not; if you will only help me win Kenneth Malcolm, and the position which his wife will occupy, I shall bless you all my days," she replied, with passionate earnestness. " Then you have an eye to the position as well as the husband," he returned, laughing. "Who would not? As Countess of Melrose, a woman would live a charmed life ; no door, however royal, would ever be closed against her -- her name would command reverence wherever she went, and through the exhaustless resources of his wealth, one might enjoy unlimited indulgence." " Really, Caroline, I had no idea that you inherited so much of your father's ambition, I thought your heart was filled with a tenderer emotion." " And so it is, papa ; while I confess I should enjoy immensely all the advantages of my position as Countess of Melrose, yet they would lose all their charm, could I not win Kenneth also," Caroline said, earnestly. " Well, well, my daughter, I trust you will not be disappointed this time; but go now and begin to prepare for the campaign. First of all things, I want to see some color in these cheeks, and some flesh on these bones. I think I have put a little courage into your heart to-day." " Indeed you have ; and I begin to feel as if I might hope to be happy once more." The young girl went out from his presence, with a new light in her eye, a smile upon her lip, and some- thing of elasticity in her step. CHAPTER XXV. "IT SHALL NEVER BE!" Upon the bank of the river Leam, and in the sub- urbs of Leamington Priors, there stood, at the time of our story, a tasteful cosy little cottage, surrounded by choice trees and shrubs, and embowered with climbing clamatis and woodbine. The grounds about it were quite spacious and beautifully laid out, and inclosed by a high hedge, which effectually hid from view all that was going on within from every inquisitive passer by. The cottage had only been inhabited during the last few months, and nothing was known of its very quiet inmates, who seldom made their appear- ance abroad, and then always closely wrapped and veiled. All business was transacted by the two servants living with them, who appeared to be a very respect- able middle-aged couple -- a man and his wife, and who were very guarded in their replies to all inquir- ies of the curious. A dark and stormy night had shut down, veiling everything in deepest gloom. A bright light shone from the bay-window of the charming little parlor of this vine-covered cottage. The heavy damask curtains had not yet been dropped, and only delicate lace draperies shaded the window which was filled with choice plants and vines, bright with many colored blossoms. Within were two ladies -- one, an elderly woman with snowy hair and a stern, sorrowful expression resting upon her noble face, was sitting at the large centre-table reading; the other, a young and fragile looking creature, was reclining upon a velvet couch drawn up before the cheerful fire which burned upon the hearth. They were no other than Madam Leicester and the beautiful Nina, the disowned and discarded bride. Madam has lost none of her stately grace and self possession, but an expression of deep sadness is upon her fine face, and there is a look of stern reso- lution in her eye. Nina is, if possible, more lovely than ever, but it is a loveliness which makes one fear that she has not long to stay upon the earth. Her clear, creamy complexion has changed to a dead-white waxen hue ; there is no color in her lips, no light of hope in her eye, yet there is an expres- sion of patient sweetness and peace upon her coun- tenance that makes one feel that the angels have comforted her in her deep trouble, and have spoken to her of a brighter dawn in the future. Her delicate hands have become almost transpar- ent, and she is reduced almost to a shadow. No murmur or complaint has escaped her lips during all these months of sadness ; but to say that she had not suffered would be to belie her appear- ance, for it seemed a settled fact that her trials were slowly but surely wearing her life away. To the words of rebellion and despair, to which madam now and then gave way, that life should hold so much bitterness for them, she would reply in her clear, sweet tones : " 'He doth all things well,' mamma, and whatever the future may contain for us, let us not forget that a tender Father will always shield us with His love." She submitted to everything attempted for her benefit, taking all the strengthening, nourishing cordials prepared for her, forced herself to eat where she had no appetite to please madam, walked in the garden on bright sunny days, and rode with her mother in an easy carriage about the village. She read the interesting books bought for her, and dis- cussed their contents with apparent interest. She interested herself in many little household duties and even insisted on doing something for the poor in their neighborhood ; but they saw that her heart was in nothing, and though she strove to be cheer- ful and smile when any one spoke to her, yet her heart was breaking -- earth had no attraction for her and she faded with each waning day. When she received Kenneth's letter, refusing to return to her and proposing a separation, she had seemed stunned by the unexpected blow. For a week she lay upon her bed, pale and still dumb with her grief, heeding no one, speaking to no one. She shed no tear, spoke no word of blame or censure, would listen to no comfort. Then she had come forth once more from her chamber, taken her accustomed place in the house- hold, and busied herself about her usual duties. But her decline from that time had been rapid. Hitherto she had cherished a secret hope that, after a time, Kenneth would listen to an explana- tion, but her last hope fled when, after reading his cruel letter, she had schooled herself to reply, con- senting to have all the ties uniting them severed as he had proposed. For an hour on this stormy night, there had been an unbroken silence in that little parlor. Now and then Nina would catch the sound of the fine rain beating against the window, and the rustle of the leaves as madam turned the pages of her book. At last she said : Mamma, please put away your book, and let me talk to you for awhile. Madam instantly closed it and laid it upon the table, a smile of pleasure lighting her grave face. It was not often that Nina cared to talk upon any subject. "What is it, my darling?" she asked, rising and going to her side. Bending over her, she kissed the pale, beautiful lips, adding : " I am sorry I read so long ; you must have been very dull." " Oh, no ; but there are some things about which I have long wished to talk to you. In the first place, in the private drawer of my writing-desk there is a package, which, some time, I wish you would find a way to give to Lord Malcolm with your own hands, should he ever return to England." " Nina, you will break my heart if you talk thus !" madam exclaimed, in sudden pain, her fair old face quivering with emotion, as she realized what the fair girl's thoughts had been. " I regret giving you pain, mamma," she replied, sadly, and drawing the gray head tenderly down to her own ; " but you know that we are not sure of anything here, and I feel it is best to be prepared for whatever may come." " Do you feel worse to-night, my love ?" madam asked, regarding ber anxiously. " No, dear mamma ; I have been feeling stronger and better all day, notwithstanding the storm, and that is why I wished to tell you these things to- night. It takes a good deal of strength and courage mamma, to speak of -- of the past ;" and there was a wail of pain in the sweet voice. " Then wait, dear, until you are well and strong again," pleaded the stricken mother, as she folded her, with a convulsive clasp, within her strong embrace. Nina put up her transparent hand, and softly caressed her cheek ; then continued : " I know that Kenneth" -- the pale lips quivered as they pronounced the beloved name for the first time since receiving his letter -- "will suffer more than I have suffered when he comes to learn the truth concerning those events of our wedding-day, and realizes the injustice he has done me. Therefore I wish for you to give him this package, which con- tains a full explanation, with your own hands, and try to comfort him in his grief." " Have you told him whom it was you met that morning in the servants' parlor, and why you were obliged to meet him in that clandestine manner?" madam asked, with a look of pain. " Certainly, mamma ; I had to do so in order to free myself from all blame in his eyes. I know it places you in a rather unpleasant position, but you will forgive me for feeling obliged to cause you this much pain." " Yes, yes ; never mind me, my child. I know I have done wrong, but I believed I did what was for the best. I was so anxious, you know, for --" " I know ; and all will end well, I feel sure, even yet," Nina replied, soothingly, seeing her mother so deeply agitated. " But why did you not write him all this in the first place, instead of simply asking him to return to you for an explanation ?" madam asked, recover- ing herself. "I am not sure but that would have been the wisest course to pursue ; but you know that I feared the letter might never reach him, and I could not bear that any one else should know that we had any domestic secret or trouble. " If I had only done so, mamma, I feel that all would now have been well," and her voice was strained and hard with pain and regret. " Why not do so now, dear ?" "No, no ! I might have written it in reply to his letter ; but I was so crushed with his wish for a divorce. He was so cruel to me, so unjust and unfor- giving, it seemed as if he had learned to hate and scorn me ; and though he had a right to, if he be- lieved me as guilty as I appeared, yet he had no right to refuse to listen to my explanation, and my pride would let me do nothing but grant his request. It is too late now to change anything, for, doubtless he has already taken the necessary steps for his purpose." " Nina, my child, it shall never be! It is your duty to establish your innocence and purity before him," exclaimed madam, indignantly. "I should be very glad to do so mamma, but I fear I shall never have the opportunity now. But," she went on, an unutterable longing in her tones, "you must forgive him, and speak comforting words to him. Do not upbraid him, for I know that his love was deep and true for me, and that he must have suffered torture believing me the hypo- crite I seemed." " He should have known better than that you could have done him a wrong so foul." . " How could he have thought anything else, mam- ma." Nina said, gently, " when he saw with his own eyes, as he believed, my perfidy." "At all events he should have given you time to explain." " I know he was rash and hasty ; but I have a great many excuses for him in my heart -- I have on- ly feelings of tenderest love and pity for him," she returned, her voice full of unshed tears. Then she went on : " It has been hard, mamma -- oh, so hard, to give up all the hopes of my life, but Kenneth has asked me to let him go free, and if he can be hap- pier so, I can grant his request without murmur ing." "But he pretended it was all on your account." " I know : yet I think his bonds must have become irksome ; and besides," the young girl added, with despair in her eyes, " it would never do to let his proud name die out -- the Earl of Melrose must have his race perpetuated." " My darling ! my darling ! why should you suffer thus," cried madam, rebelliously. " Wherefore, let them that suffer according to the will of God, commit the keeping of their souls to Him, as unto a faithful Creator," murmured Nina, a look of reverent submission on her pure face. Madom Leicester only clasped her closer and sob- bed afresh. " Oh ! why did I ever admit Caroline Durward to my school ; she has been the marplot from beginning to end,'" she cried. " Yes," returned Nina, sadly, " I am greatly disap- pointed in her. I know she betrayed an exceedingly unkind disposition upon first learning of my en- gagement to Kenneth; but I believed she was really sorry for it afterward, and I thought she was trying to atone for it by rendering me so many little servi- ces, therefore I received her apparent kindness in the same spirit in which I thought it was offered." "She hoodwinked you completely, and was plan- ning your ruin all along." " I fear so, and I have no doubt that she stole the note from my dress-pocket when she took it to be mended, since I could never find it afterward. She must have shown it to Kenneth after I left him that morning, and then they both followed me down stairs, and witnessed my meeting with Louis." It will be seen by the above conversation that Nina had confided the secret of Kenneth's desertion to her mother after awhile. She had done so after re- ceiving his letter, and when all her hope of ever seeing him again had died out. " Nina, I believe the Earl of Durward is at the bot- tom of the whole of this matter regarding the di- vorce," madam said, suddenly sitting erect. "You know what he told you the day you went to get Kenneth's address." " Yes, I have looked at all the facts in every possi- ble light," the young wife said, sorrowfully. " but the letter and proposition came from Kenneth him- self, and you know as well as I, that he is a man who would not be dictated to regarding such a mat- ter." " If you should find it was all Lord Durward's plan, what then ?" asked madam, eagerly. " I should feel it right to use all my powers to pre- vent its success," Nina replied, with something of her old spirit. "But that cannot be," she added, with a deep sigh, after a moment. " I know that Kenneth has acted independently in this matter, the fiat has doubtless gone forth, and all that I can do is to wait. Now there are one or two more things of which I wish to speak, and then we will drop the subject forever." " Why to-night, my darling ? Wait until you are rested and stronger," interposed her mother, her heart nearly breaking as she thought what all these instructions meant. " Not to-night, if you please, mamma. The dia- monds which I wore that day, and which I suppose are very valuable, together with my watch and chain, and engagement ring, you will find all ar- ranged in their cases; and these, too, I wish you to return to Lord Malcolm at the same time you give him the package." "Yes, yes," whispered madam, with quivering lips. "This," continued Nina. "I shall keep, and please, mamma, do not allow any one to ever re- move it from my hand." She held up the third finger of her left hand, on which shone her wedding- ring. The delicate finger had grown too small for it, but she still kept it in its place by a guard. " Nina ! Nina !" cried Madam Leicester, with agony in her tones. " Forgive me, mamma, for paining you so, but please let me finish now. I suppose if I should live a great while, people would say I had no right to wear this ring, since I am a discarded wife, I trust, however, that my senses may all be locked in a deep long sleep before that dread decree is pronounced, but whatever comes, I shall live and die Kenneth Malcolm's wife. He may be free from me if he wishes, but I shall remain true to him until death, be it sooner or later." " What do you mean by that dear ?" " That I shall never appear against Lord Malcolm if I should live to be notified of the hearing of the case; that I shall never sign any papers signifying any desire, upon my part for a separation. I pray God may grant him his wish, if it will further his interests or make him any happier to have the tie that binds us dissolved, but I will never willingly be- come a divorced woman ! I will be true to the man of my choice while I live, even though he says I shall never look upon his face again." " God cannot allow this terrible thing to come upon you, my child. Oh ! why should you suffer so when you have done no wrong?" why must the wicked al- ways triumph over us ? Oh ! God ! how long -- how long wilt Thou withhold the sword of justice,' cried the stricken mother, wildly. " Do not mourn so, mamma dear, it is a wise Father's hand that is leading us in a way that we know not. It is a kind hand too, even though it smites us cruelly -- a skillful physician always probes the wound that he may heal it. I do not hope for healing in this troubled world, but I know that there is peace beyond." The fair face of the young girl was full of a chas- tened peace and her eyes were lighted with a faith which had already caught a glimpse of the beautiful city beyond, with its streets of gold, its gates of pearl, within which there cometh no shadow, no sorrow; where all pain is soothed and all tears are wiped away. Madam was awed into silence by the sublime faith of her child, which could thus rise above the fearful injustice and wrong that she had suffered, and com- mit all into the keeping of an infinite God. Yet her heart was nearly bursting with anguish, as she realized that her darling was slipping away from her sight -- that ere long she should be left alone ! And oh, the bitterness which that loneliness would entail no one knew but herself. At this instant a loud knock sounding upon the outer door of the cottage, startling the inmates by its strangeness ; for it was an unheard of thing for them to have an evening visitor. The servant answered the summons, and soon re- turned to the parlor, looking a trifle troubled and pale, and said that a gentleman wished to speak with the lady of the house. (To be continued.) 