' 1. ' I ' THE MINISTERIAL. ELECTIONS. No bottpy proof of , the , u tfer collapse bf,:tliat,?/priekod! wi'udjbag,) Pprryism, canibe adducod thari theireerilt or tlio MiriisteriaVolcctious. '. /Notwithstand- ing 'trie 'Drag that tho ' Ministry was , unable to hold its own against .popular . ppjmpn,.'n6t n single ! op'poiiep!t . joodla ' .be, .fpundi.to eoritost ,iv, spat against a Minister; arid the consequence is thiit 'every Minister goos hack to the Houso unchanbrige'd arid'rin'questioncd. : Rail ing Jtb /raisb' a faction oh the Minis terial 'elections, the handfrij, of . adven- trirbrs who still cling to tho,. paralysed and exploded- tenets of .Berryisui' are 1 gleefully. indicating tho iBtato.of par ties, and ' confidentially .poiritjrig out liow'grerit will be the ppppBitionjivhon the Houso meets. Being amongst tlio unfortunates who .wore inqde,to,sufior for unqualified ;oppqsition durjiig tho Inst Paiiiamont,, ,wo sympathise ivith thoso' who .'are riow' iil siuriliir cold shades. Wo"havo this satisfaction,, howoyor; ;wp havo an- honest, in'-" depondout; and outspoken Ministry to deal with; wo have no adventurers ; no hungry office-seekers dependent on tho Ministerial pay, , for their noxt- meal, ' arid 110 ono with a scandalous record to wipe out; and it is because tho pooplo can trust thorn that ovon- wi.th tho exertions' of a faction no opposition could be found at the elec tions. Thoso in tlio House who so pertinaciously stuck to BorryiBm; did so because without tho Borryito per quisites they would have had to, go to work ;' and had they been guided by tho promptings of tneir inner organisa tion, they would have spurned thp men tliey liad'to worship. Now; how ever, the caso is different.; A'groat poreoiitngo of- the ciew lias 'boon re jected by their own constituents, and a proportionate. percentage of, .honest irion put in thoirr pliiees; hild a eon- siderablo portion or what wore loft? has/ seceded simply . because they do- not hpliovo in the quaclfory ot Rorryism, and only adhered to it bcoaiisc it paid thpm to (lo so. Certainly,. 1 this . description, of. politician is j riot yin acquisitiori' to, eithor, side ;, but' it is a nbtoworthy and -an admitted- fact ' that': our Parliauieritnry iiistitutioria aro inado! up of a remarkable per centage f of, trading politicians who dbpond upon polities as a livelihood;' nnd ai;o ovor ready to go with tlio majority no matter what thoir own opinions aro. Thoso'tradors and oithor side reriogades are added by forco-of eirenmstaneos'to" tlio Miine-" torial majority ; and it is thoir crst- wliilo . supportora against whom tho sncakiugthing called Borryismnow has to fight. Thoro are, unfortunately, 110 'snug billets at the. command o.f tlioiio" ill - tlio shades to offer- there is no secret scrvico cash ; no opening for a wavering supporters' sisters, or' his cou8in8i;or hlH aunts, -aiid tho confee- qubneb ia that both' by tho honest membor and tho, trader the little faction is alike treated with contempt!" Im politic", as in privnto life, i £ you1 have no money, no .influence;' and no 'power of patronngpi yon coin give nothing, do nothing, and ' borrow nothing. Consequently,' you i aro loft, to your natural abilities;' ;Evcry- body ltnows; after three years'' "ex perience, what the natural abilitios of ! Mr. Berry and his few loyal sup- portprs.are, and what, may he ex- ;pocted!bf liitri, so thatwe; cap judgp' "now'maiiy supporters ho will command when llieV nuriibeVslnre up and tlio scats'are allotted aftor tbo mooting of the- House. In all the colony; includl ing tho . unfortunate, riobloman - of "West Molbourne, ho could not find ono' ivith a ghost of a show to oppose Ministors, and in all tho; House I10 will' havo much difficulty to find a party strong onough in tlio support of srich opinioiiii ns thoso Advocated by tlio Ministry' during' tho last Parlia- morit to dignify it by tho name of Opposition. Tho creeping thing 'has received its doatli blow/and oven if tho, Servico Government Bhpnld unfortu- uatoly go to tho wall— which is ex ceedingly unlikely — tho chances of .any mombors of tho Into- Berry! Go vernment being : included in .the' Ministry which shall sriccced, aro very remote indeed. 7 7 .-, T Mistakes in Election Retujins. — Tho JUcnalta Eiuijn says:— In. coUseqaaaco of clerical and tcleffraphlc errors the Moira returns proro to bo difforont to those pre viously announced.' At' Congupria Mr. 8linrpo tvas nlloged to have pollcd 'Jl in- .etead.nf; 9 ; -tit ICaariuiba'GO Instead of 15. 'I ho correct totals reduce : Mr. Shiirpo to 2,181 ; Mr. Ilolton to 1714; and Mr. Hnll' to 1193. Mr. Oit's figures arc untouched. : .The ,Couow\ Easter . Cabnival— Pre parations for this ovent aro being carried 011 briskly. Tho procession will bo some thing inoro than has hitherto beon attemp ted, aud now scancry, dresses, and appoint ments are promised for tho dramatic enter tainment. Tho time for deceiving ontran- - cos for tlio Gorowa Handicap and Stcople- cliasu lias been extended to Monday, 22nd instapt pt 4:p.m. -.'.h'lria '/ ' The Victoeian Gazette.— Applications, , for licenses .approved. -James M'Garrigle, Go'oraniadda, , . Sophia Spencer,' Norong. Licenses in ervear— Christol Dovers, 7o. -1'. i23 j per., Lilliput ;Oathqrino,.Ivoy i and .Tames Ivey,, 20a. T.illipuf: ; TVilliam Tiuncs .Oats and' Richard Oitle, 20a. each, Chilfern AVest ji Thomas Whitmore, 19a. 3r. lilp., Chiltern West; Richard Bye, 2Ga., Lilli'- put,- Patriok Hart, 94a.. Novong; Patrick .Ifolly, ,72.1., Norong ;. "VVilliam King, !8ia'., 'Bdrithonunbo \ Daniel.; Minoguol'lP7a!.' lr. 7p., Bdntherauibo; Victorian Ladies !Sori'-. oultural Co. Limited, 123a., Goor:unn!dda ; Anno Graham, 300a. 2r. Op., Norong; Richard Kelly, 57a.lr.15p., Norong; Richard .Kelly, 45n.; Norong Thoiias Montgbmery, 29a. 2r. Gp., Chiltein Wost ; Allan M'Fav- lane,40a., Chil tern Wert ; Simon M'Bean, 51a. 0r.,28p., Gooramadda ; Patriok Hart, lG2q. .ilr. SGp.,. Norong Jas/Moritgoniory, '45a., '3r, ! l!ip'.,'! Chili/rn "WcBt ; Robert M'Phersori, 81a., 0. Kip., Lilliput ; Jiio. IT, E.'.Copk, 90a. lf.;24p., Clultern 'West;1 Jns. llontgomory, , lOOa. Chiltorii,,iy'est; |jno. M'Kay, 100a,; Chiltern, "West. !.;,!;!.;i, j Wahouxvaii Railway Siii'fojr.— Tlie tender 'of 'John Po'qt/fqr' tlio riori/ Stiflio.tipii. pf publio; olqsqtjind'jurarials bri'the Springs arid,, iWahguqyah jlino lias, boon 1 accepted.- iidThedam'ount is £521.: 14b.1 7d; ! -1""' itcDpNTrsTttY.— Mr. S. ' Be ' Saxe,: surgoon dentist, will visit CoroWa to morrow (Wednesday) 17th inst.f and May lie 'coiisultoj/hb jt (Aqyal. Hotel frbin 0 a.riir until 3'p.mq 'fie will fie iri attendance tfie some day at-Mr, Reeve's, -fiutfiergleri-frbm t p/W SintiiB-p.ni.: , MuLAVAi.A.PorgcF, .pougT. — At! thel Mulwala' ' Uoli'ce ' Court, on Tuesday, last, Jjefore Messrs,. iBuddiand-Town/ 'sendJs.P.;a publican's license j Was granted to Alexander Murray for, the -Boomanoouiana ; irHotel;,- : 1 An'! auc tioneer's lieenso- was applied for by ; Josophi Halburd. but owarig;t6UAri in formality in tho application it was ad journed ,UTitilltUoincxt .sittings of. the Court. _ ; Imi'OIitast Sale. — On the 15 April noxt, unless the writ is sooner satisfied; the shoriff will. soil all the right, title, arid iritere8t '(if /' any) of . Thoinifs;- Cpstiri jri.and tq freqfiqld allottmerits 1/, 5/ G, 7, 8, b; 10, >11, 'arid 12 of seqtiori A;.; allotment. 5; of Asedtiori B; allot- ment 'O of Boctiom C ; allotments 1, 2, '1, 7, arid 8 of section B1 ; and allot-, moot 18, (Section 0;. all in the parish of Goorauiadda, county of Bogong, togetlior with all' improvemerits tlioheon, including hoihestead; fencing, &e.; Teruis — flash on tho fall of the hamtnor. The Ben alt, a Rvoes.— Tho Benalla rgeeB .wqro held: on tho ;llth Malreh. Thbi-e'wns a good attentlance- at. the races, and excellent sport. The weather wns flno. '-The'. following aro tlio results 1— -Maiden, -Plato. Beads man 1 ; Aristocrat 2 ; Golloou Bawn 3\. Reform and Lady also started, The Betting was 5 took on beadsman. Tlio Trice was won by n'lhrigtfi. Time 2, niin. 51 sec. Boualla Handicap,' .Grace Darling 1 ; Goongoola 2 ; Narribri 3 ; Eclipse also Btarted. Betting 1 5 to -1. on Goongoola. This was a great raeo. Won by a short head. Tinio, 3 min, Id see. Soiling liacq. EolipBe 1; Stringy Bark 2 ; Bertie 3 ; Mochigau also ran. The winner was houglitin For £ffil. 'Shorts: Pizz 1:- Ooiiiot 2 j Emma Darling 3, Coyx, Rovenuo and Lady !'alsoy ran. Betting; S.to d.on Eiz?.. ' The raoo'' was won by a length. Time, 1 min. 40 see.: .Hack. Raeo., Atkoling 1; 'Oonntess'2; Parodox -:,0 „ Irish Famine. Relief :'Pund.— rwq are requested/to remind those interes/ ted that tho Rii'therglbri Sports iri aid of tho Irish Famine ! Relief Fund como off to-morrow in tho Rutl.iorglori Park. Evory arrangement lias been made for tho rccoption of visitors;' and attractive programmes have been issued for tlio athletic sports to bo held during the day, and. for; tho con-; cert in evening in tho Town Hall. To the present tlie public'of Rutliorglmi' havo responded liberally to , the calls made upon thom on behalf of tlio ob- -jeot,-and- wo have every- reason-to-be- lievo that tho proceods .of the .Bjiorts tb-morrbw will enable the /"comurittco to forward a; largo addition to tlie amount already sent away. Mn.i DooNEit.'ri-Wo understand that the Govorrimorit havo at last recognised tho' emitierit engineering abilities of Mr. P. 1 Dooner,. Itfio late Kpad'Superintondont:Of this, district, and have promoted him to. Dcniliquin where his wages liave been raisod from fifty sbillings to two pounds ten. , Tho contractors , iq .this district are dancing a horripipe as ii 't'okonf of regret. at the loss, sustained, by theiri ...tlirough Mr, Dooner leayiug, and the otlior working-men , who .liqvo boon under his g'ontlb directions ' during the past ton years aro, Bhodding crocodile triars in consoqrierice' of the decreased grumbling, undocked tallies', .and absonco of po.ttifogging irritation Which iB > likely to/ be the- rnlq undor tho'nbw uianagomorit. 'The reign of trarispOntino Berryisni undor which tho cnntractorB in tho Albury. district havo existed, is over, and quite a new life is appnrent. The gentleman loft Albury on' Thursday last, ' and was replaced by Mr.' J. J. Duffy. '' " ' 