CHAPTER XIII. COLONIAL REMINISCENCES. The doctor s surprise was as nothing to the astonishment with which Elston received the news, and yet he told him .«elf afterwards that he must have been blind not to see how matters were tending. His unbounded and not very pleased astonishment was not very flattering to Cecil's self-love, and he could not give any explanation for his strange reception of the news, as he held the conversation that had taken place between him and Hugh as strictly confidential. But j he now regretted that Hugh had not ascertained Evelyn's feelings towards him before they parted. He sought his sister Margaret as soon as Cecil left him, hoping that she would be able to throw some light on the subject, as know- ing the contract she had made with Hugh, she might be in his confidence with respect to Evelyn. "Surely," he thought, "if Evelyn had any idea of Hugh's attachment, she would have prefered him to Cecil Mowbray. " Margaret saw by his face that he had heard the news with as little pleasure as she had done, and the result of the conversation that followed was their both being convinced that nothing could be done in the matter except soften the blow as much as possible for Hugh. "I think, Madge, you will be the best one to tell him when we write," he said. "Both our letters can go to- gether, and I will merely hint about the news you will have to give, while you can lead up to it gradually, as of course you know how to use your womanly tact to soften matters and spare his feelings as much as possible. As Evelyn did not love Hugh, the shock would be sure to come some time, Margaret, so perhaps it's as well it should have come so soon. He's young, and has strength of mind enough not to allow it to prey on his spirits long, though I know he's not one to love lightly or forget easily. Poor fellow ! I wish I could spare him this sorrow." If Margaret had any lingering doubt in her mind-and since her conversation she had been trying to think that after all she had mistaken Hugh's feelings as well as Eve- lyn's-about Hugh's love for Evelyn, this conversation en- tirely dispelled it. However, everything "went as merry as a marriage bell " with our pair of lovers, and in time everyone became reconciled to the inevitable. Mrs. Leigh knew nothing of the undercurrent that was troubling Mar- garet, and Elston learned to like Cecil Mowbray very much, and when the announcement of the future in store for Eve- lyn was made to her she received it with pleasure. Cecil had shown her many little attentions, and though he mighc at first have had ulterior motives for so doiug, he soon learned to like the gentle lady for her own sake, and to think it a privilege to be of service to her. No one can rightly estimate the influence a gentle, lov able-natured, sweet- tempered woman can exert on all brought into contact with her. Mrs. Leigh's was an influ- ence that was felt, not seen. She had never seen much of the dark side of human nature, and was as unsuspicious as a child, and no one could be long in her company without feeling that they would like to be as true and good as she thought them to be. The world can never be all bad while it has such women as Mrs. Leigh in it. Perhaps in all Cecil Mowbray's life he had not felt so strongly the beauty of innate goodness and purity as he did during the féw weeks that followed his engagement to Evelyn Leigh. And the feeling was not at all times pleasant, as no feeling can be pleasant that wounds our egotism by showing us to ourselves in an unfavourable light. As a rule, we are the most lenient judges of our own conduct, finding excuses and seeing palliating circumstances where another would see none. "But, after all," Cecil would conclude one of these self examinations with, " if I have done a few things in my past life that might have been better left undone, I have been no worse than other young men, in sowing a few wild oats. I think a fellow must be a milksop who never does anything I wrong. However, I'm going to turn over a new leaf now, ! and as a reward for my virtue, I'm going to marry a penni- less girl from a country village, and, by Jove! am in love I with her, too ! Well, she's lovely enough for a duchess, so I I've nothing to complain of on that score, and I'm going to make her a model husband. They say reformed-Oh ! I come, Cecil Mowbray, you needn't call yourself ugly names, I so we'll substitute " lady killer " in its place. And what I a hero I am in Evelyn's eyes-the romantic little witch ! she I has invested me with all the noblest qualities possessed by I some half-dozen heroes in her favourite novels. I seem to have all the attributes combined. But I'd like to stand a little higher in Margaret's estimation ; she seems to me to have some lingering doubt in her mind about me that I can't make out. By Jove ! he would be a queer sort of a fellow ¡ she would think good enough for a hero." And Cecil Mowbray was not mistaken about Margaret's opinion, for while Elston had quite got over his prejudice against Cecil, and the doctor and Mrs. Leigh had learned to like bim very much, she still was unable to rid herself of a slight repulsion, unaccountable to herself, when in his com- pany. She tried to persuade herself that it was caused by his taking the place which she considered belonged to Hugh, and in time almost convinced herself that it was so. "I would like you to see the estate where my father lives, Mrs. Leigh," Cecil said one day as they were again all seated on deck. " It is situated in the valley known as the Hunter Biver Valley. It's not a great distance from the coast, that is as we reckon distance in New South Wales. It is called Mowbray Park after the family seat at home. We have another station further inland called Corrowah-a native name, that ia a name given by the aborigines." "Oh ! Mr. Mowbray," said Mrs. Leigh, "excuse me for interrupting you, but do tell me if the aborigines are nu- merous. I would be afraid to go far from town if they were, though I do love country life." "My dear Mrs. Leigh," he answered, scarcely able to forbear a smile, "you may be years in the country without seeing a single aboriginal. They are fast dying out, and in some parts of the country one would be looked upon as a curiosity ; and another thing, we have more than one town. Some of our inland towns would be thought of some little importance even in England. However, I hope you will come and pay us a visit at Mowbray Park. It is in one of the oldest settled districts in New South Wales, and nothing in the shape of an aboriginal has been seen there for years. Most of the stations in that district are private estates, that is," he added, seeing her look puzzled, "they are free- hold property, while others are merely rented from the Government. The estates like my father's were, most of them, grants of land given to different persons possessing a certain amount of money and influence, on condition of their maintaining a certain number of convicts, or as they were called, 'Government Men.' Mowbray Park was at that time owned by a man named Quinlan O'Connell, and he employed about 400 convicts on the estate." "I believe some queer stories could be told about the do- ings in those times," said Elston. "Yes," said Cecil, "even the history of Mowbray Park would furnish matter for a tale of considerable interest, and quite as sensational, and seemingly as improbable, as any three-volume novel by Miss Braddon. Quinlan O'Connell might have stood for the original of one of Lever's Irish heroes. Stockriding waa a passion with him. He prided himself as being a connection of the great Daniel O'Connell, and I believe it was some disturbance over an election that occasioned his coming to New South Wales. But whatever was the reason, he was munificently treated by the colonial Government. He got this magnifi- cent grant of land containing 20,000 acres, and for the first year or two employed about 400 men. Amongst them were tradesmen of all sorts, and evidences of their handiwork are to be seen to this day, although the estate had fallen very much into decay when my father bought it. O'Connell built a large irregularly-shaped house. He called the place ' Castle O'Connell,' and at his own desire was dubbed ' The O'Connell.' The place was kept vip in prodigal style, with, in the course of years, the usual result, and at his death the estate was thrown into the bankruptcy court, where it remained for twenty years till my father bought it. The place was in a ruinous condition, and with the exception of some of the out-houses, all the buildings were pulled down and new ones erected by my father. Ï believe a portion of the whipping-post stands yet, where the men used to receive their castigations." "What a dreadful thing!" exclaimed Nellie, who had been listening attentively to the conversation. " Yes," said the doctor, " that was a dreadful institution, though a necessary one, I believe." "But doesn't it seem a dreadfully degrading thing to inflict corporal punishment on men ? It seems like reducing them to the level of the brute," said Margaret earnestly. " It does seem so to us now," said Cecil, " but it was a stern necessity at that time, though. I believe the license was in many cases abused." " Was there no regular enquiry before this punishment was inflicted ? and who had power to decide in these matters ? " asked Elston. "Well, I believe the power lay with the master, who, being a magistrate, could acquit or condemu. On some estates it was only resorted to in extreme cases, but in others it was used to excess. O'Connell, though on the whole treating his men with a good deal of laxity, was a bad-tempered man, and when his passion was aroused, almost reckless of consequences. He had one man flogged so severely, that it was said he died through it, and his ghost is supposed to haunt the place ever since. However, his death had the effect of putting an end to the flogging on that estate, for, some short time after, O'Connell called all the men together and told them that for the future the punishment would be solitary confinement in a cell he had built for the purpose ; and strange to say, the men feared that worse than the flogging. The governor at the time, Sir Richard Bourke, paid a visit to Castle O'Connell, and I believe met with a grand reception. The men were all drawn up in line on each side of an avenue that led to the house, the draymen with their teams, each mau having a new whip in his hand, and even the bullock yokes were polished till they shone again, the ploughmen with their ploughs, and all the others with some implement of labour. As the Governor drove through, they saluted him with cheers and cracking of whips, &c;, and on the whole gave him an euthusiastic reception. However, those times are happily over in the history of New South Wales, and the 'old hands,' as they are called, are fast dying out. 