Visit of the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst, to Mudgee. On Saturday, tlie 7th instant, a numerous party went out on the Sydney road a con siderable distance to bid his Lordship a warm welcome to Mudgee. The Lev. J. O’Dono van who had the day previous set out for Cunningham’s Creek, drove him into town. A few miles from here a grand procession of close upon a thousand individuals wan formed, comprising a large number of people from town and country. Conspicuous among the pro cessionists could he noticed, in gay attire, the members of the Saint Patrick’s branch of the Mudgee Guild, carrying a very handsome banner of Ireland’s national saint, and the lately formed temperance society, displaying beauti ful saslies and medals. Upon his Lordship’s arrival at Stoddart’s prolonged chocis buist forth, which wore succeeded by the enliven ing' strains of sweet music discoursed by the Mudgee town band, which led the van to town. . , The procession marched down Lewis-street Market-street, and turning down Church street formed a line to allow the Bishop to pass through. After the usual ceremonies prescribed by the Homan ritual were gone through, Mr. Alderman Ahoarn read an address from the Catholic's of Mudgee, con gratulating the Bishop _ upon his recovery from his recent severe illness, and also ex pressing sympathy with him in his efforts to promote the cause, of Catholic education in New South Wales. The address concluded by thanking the Bishop for again coming to the town, and asking his blessing for them selves and their families. In reply to the address and one couched in similar language, arid read by the Warden of the Guild, Mr. Meaily, his Lordship in effect said : lie thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the grand reception they had given him, and tor the sympathy so heartily given and so well expressed for his efforts, in conjunction witli the Archbishop and other Bishops of the Province, in the glorious cause of the education of the youth of the colony. When it was determined to speak on the question, the Bishops agreed to speak openly and without any reserve. They wished to accomplish two things—first and. principally the removal of all Catholic chihhon from Public schools, where practicable ; and secondly, to awaken in the minds of the Cat holic parents of New South Wales the neces sity of providing schools and all other neces sary appliances for giving their children a Catholic education. The result has been all they could desire. The people have re sponded nobly to the call of their Bishops, and have shown their determination to realise their desires. A very lame argument used by their opponents was that the Catholics, if left to themselves, would not follow the programme set forth in the Pastoral. The best refutation of that was the erection of suitable buildings for the purpose of religion and education all over the colony, and erected and paid for by the people of their own accord, and totally unaided by the Govcrn mont. In this view your magnificent Mudgeo Convent shows how deeply you are imbued with this idea, and that, too, in the face of a heavy debt upon your splendid Church. Whoa other necessary buildings will have been erected wherever required in the diocese, thus placing Catholics in a position to perfect their system of education by the appointment of examiners, inspectors, and local and general Boards, the irresistible logic of factr would he so strong that it would be no lunges politic or wise for the Parliament of the country to refuse to gi ant to human Catholics their fair share of the appropriation bind for educational purposes. It would not be in the nature of events for an enlightened com munity to refuse to recognise their useful ness by subsidising their schools. The Bishop concluded by wishing them all happi ness and prosperity. Oh Sunday his Lordship administered the Sacrament of Confirmation to 115 persons. Previous to the conferring of the Sacrament lie addressed the candidates at considerable length upon the dispositions necessary for its reception. The ceremony having been finished, his Lordsnip again addressed the confirmed and their parents in still stronger and more impressive language as to their respective duties and obligations in the future. Parents were warned of the dangerous oceas sions of sin, which but too frequently led the captive into the slavery of deadly guilt, and were commanded upon the peri) of their lives to give those children that were thus handed over to them, replenished with the manifold gifts of the Holy Ghost, such example as would (end to make them co operate with the graces received. His Lord,slop's visit will be long remem bered as one of great joy and gladness to the Catholics of the district, as well as to those of other denominations who have been generous enough to greet his Lordship and wish him many years of happiness and pro sperity. 