ST PATRICK'S DAY IN MELBOURNE. .. REMARKS AND REMINISCENCES, -Bt Garbtowkn. 'Whoa laws provont tho blailot of grass, From growing us tliey.grow; Or when the loaves lu summor tiao, Their color dnro not sho w; Thou I will chnuso tho color, too, I woar in my c mhoon — But t'll tint dny, plnzo God, I'll stick To woaiing of the Qreon auuau-ma-1'uuuis. Tho Shamrock is derived by certain fanciful philologists from the Celtic words, Sam, the bud, ' and rochora, the beet or choBsn, i.e., the Sun-flower or the favorite of the Sun ; but . its more cor rect etymology is evidently scamarogc— three- oavod grass — trifolium repent — tho emblem by meana- of which St Patrick explained to the pagan Irish the existence of God as a Trinity inUnity. At first they could not comprehend the drift of his preaching, when the Saint plucked a trefoil or shamrock from the ground, and holding it out to the woudorlng assem blage, exclaimed, " Is it not as pos« sible for the Father, S'on and Holy® Ghost to be one and the same as it p is for these three leaves to grow upon a single stalk?" The happy illustration carried such conviction to the Bimple minds of his hearers that their doubts vanished, and they were converted to Christianity, In most pictorial representations of the Saint, he appears in the canonicals of a Bishop of the church, crozler in one band, and a Bprig of shamrock in the other. This leafy triglot may be regarded as his heraldic badge ; and it is remarkable that it became associated with the architecture of tbo 12th and 13th centuries, and as ono of its decorative figures so continued through the successive changes and beauties of all that was resplendent in the Gothic style. There exists a notion — sustained in, some degree, by botanical authority— that the shamrock will not bear transplanting ; or, if transferred to other than Irish soil, will either wither nway, stricken by a nostalgia peculiar to itself, or develop Into a lustis naturae— a something abnormal, and far and awAy differing from the genuine article — the real true " Ohoson loaf of bard And chiof Old Erin's Nativo Bhunrock." This is a question upon which a large diversity of opinion exists; and no doubt many persons in Victoria will be found to declare tbnt, like the Irishman himself, ' the Bhamrock is a thorough cosmopolitan, and will bloom whore, ever a " Paddy " flourishes all the world over. Furthermore,. I am prepared to hear my allegation denounced as a rank heresy, and my attachment to "my own, my native land," even doubted by the mere making it. Indeed, I have already beard the questioned ubiquity of the shamrock "sat upon" by a stern rebuke ; and I hove, been. m ore than once shown, as grown in Rnrdens near Melbourne,' a specieB of clover, averred, without the slightest misgiving, to he the identical shamrock — an Identity of which I bad Btrong suspicions. Sometime ago I was on a visit in a neighboring colony, and spanding a day with as worthy a ' 'Soggnrth aroon" as everBaid a Paler Hosier, The conversation turning upon Ireland and her shamrocks, I hinted my belief that there were uo real sham rocks in Australia, whon my entertainer looked atme with as much astonishment as if my head had been euddently transformed into a huge fo jr-leaved one. He was as sure of their existence there as he was of the Murray, and forthwith proceeded to submit me to the test of ocular demonstration. Now, if the true shamrock could "grow any whore from home, one would certainly f anc that a priest's garden was just the spot where it would acclimatise, Ho led me to a small patch of olover, . in full verdure, and there there were certainly some trifolia, but they assuredly did not appear to me to be the congeners of the sham, rocks I had gathered long ago at the foot of grey old Sliove na Man, or on the bills of "Gallant Tipperary." There was a small purple tint or spot on the leaves, which I ad. verted to ; but the good "Padre" quieted my conscience by asserting that his shamrock seed had been procured from the vicinity of the far-famed bill'of Tara, and there was a tradition in that part of Ireland that the reddish stain symboliBed a drop of tho Saint's blood — a line of argument which, of course, at once silenced me, If I should ever have the pleasure of meeting my worthy host again, I Bhall be prepared to supplement my former opinions with the suggestion that the spotted loaf does not belong to the real shamrock, but toaspeciesof correll, to be found in Ireland, very Bimilar in Bhape to the real trefoil, and, in lact, as indigenous to the Emerald Isle. It is very like in name, too, for old Celtic writers call it shnmrog or sour ; and it possesses this useful peculiarity over the real shamrock, that whereas cnttle only eat the latter, the scrrell plant may be used, like ryater-cress, tomatoes, or radishes, for human food, and makes a palatable relish too, when ono gets used to it. The theory is, however, a fairly arguable one, and presmning there to be any truth in it, a remarkable contrast is offered between tbe idiosyncraoy of the shamrock and the Scotch thistle. There is a proverb that "tho Scotchman is no where so much at home as when he is abroad ;" and, verily bis national flower follows his example; because, wherever its seed is cost, either by design or accident, there it growB and grows, and Increases and multiplies, until it culminates into a nuisance too plentiful and pungent even for the pa triotism of the most esurient colony of donkeys ever supposed to be have an existence. But of one thing there cannot be the slightest doubt, viz., that whether the shamrock can or cannot bepropagated in exile, the Irishman, if ho cannot carry the true triple leaf as a living amulet with him, has it photographed upon bis heart. Wherever he goes it accom panies him, liko one of those good genii which, according to old Egyptian belief, watched over ' every human being from the moment he entered the world until he left it; and until he goes under the green sod himself, its influence ib nover dissociated from his existence. It is to this eort of elective affinity that exists be tween the Irishman and the shamrock, the magnetism through which he yearns for the country of his birth, must be attri buted those celebrations of St, Fatriok's day, which have become the special characteristic of Irishmen in every quarter of the glohe. With tbe exception, perhaps, of the Queen's birthday, there is no anniversary in ancient or modern times so honoured in every country throughout the wide world, from the frand semi-military ovations in that greator rcland (the Irland it Mikia of the ancients,) at the other Bide of the Atlantic, America— a country not discovered by Columbus, but by theKerryman, St. Brendan — to the "spree" of some half a dozen rollicking Irishmen, in some backwoods log hut ; a party of light hearted diggers round an Australian camp fire; or somo hopeful, though poverty-stricken, group in the dear old country, who could not tear themselves away from the old hills, the old xvells, or the old graveyards, with which all tbeir remembrances and sympathies were affectionately intertwined. The great Ameri can orator, Webster, when once testifying to the power of England, as having dotted the surface of the globe with her possessions, described tho beat of her morning drum as following tbe Sun and keeping company with thelhours circling the earth ; and so may it|be saia, without a partiole of exaggeration, that from noon on Patrick's morning, to noon on Patrick's night, the sun is followed, the hours accompanied, and the earth oiroled by Hibernian celebrations— from the midnight mais to the midnight carousal ; for the Irish element has penotrated to every part of the universe, with an omni presence so marvels lous as to amply warrant this exclamation of a modern Irish bard " A» the m-o&t; sun sets In clnrv furled. Oh 1 'tis grand, I think, to watch his face- It ho never oats on tho English world, lie nover, lade, sots en the Irish raco. In the west, in too south, now Iroiands still — Grow up in hie light." There ie an amusing inconsistency as to the date of the celebration of St; Patrick, As a . rule, anniversaries count from tbo birth of the individual, acd birthday commemorations are consequently the correct thing ; but from tbe uncertainty, or ratber ignorance, of the precise period ol the Saint's nativity, the date of bis obituary (17th 'Marob, a.d. 433), is substltnted, and so continues from that day to tbia. His conversion of Ireland was accom plished as if by miracle, for, aB Moore in his History remarks By tho influence of ono humble but zealous missionary, and with hut little previous preparation of the eoil by otber bands, Christianity burst forth at the first ray of apostolic light, and, with the Budden ripe, ness of a northern Bummer,at once covered the whole land Unexampled indeed in the whole history of the oburcb, there was not ia single drop of blood shed on account of religion through the entire courso of this mild Christian revolution, by which, iu the spaoo of a few years, all Ireland was brought tranquilly under tho There was much disimf. '"ioG.Tj i Haglographere as to tie Sahu'sl?" Si averring him to have been a 4,„?0Un'ry, »1 Gaul - but it is now a general 1'.' that France can claim himhor 8 6nlel J that if tho City Councillors of 8? K 0nhrjl were anything like the notable, 'V8®8'8 J elected as members nf toa sj Hons, there can belittle don tofff that— 'a0 £ th 1 But hero the veraoity ceases - r„ I fine rigmarole about ' Iot all |il " Giving tlio saako9 and tout- . , . I And banishing thorn ior over " Ws'> I ie one of those time . honored ,.1, I often without rhyme or reason U »kl J up within the traditions of ' unci, nestling amongst tbo nursery 1.2 ""J folk lore, are strengthened by cannot be eradicated. Thers i. I,'011 « about as much credence to ba aif.'.i Nil old Irish "Snake » story «a hi snake Btoric.i of our own colouv T.m.', »' 9 the Leprechaun ; aSd'i&J; antlJ"'ty ever ventured to I"'! fflwaagawggihSa burative expression to tho ""iPTovor tho serpents, snakes aS",1! V paganism and intolerance e,1 «V - purs wars not, however „ J,1, p! jLjf1 P6«l or danger ; and alt??i B8' L ®®Pte at assassination h. r f! eca | %t bloodless victory cons'nm '"! d fT 9 Wenty-eightb yea?. ove, 1, no- extraordinary fact of thJ . of a whole people being achieved J& shsflding of o drop of human blood o»» bJftVonder at the roiig ous and c ,,tJB adcutiona to which Ireland was irf . « subjected for clinging l/'1" fl old faith, and the ,3 ",, pages-brightened by occasional ill mT interleaves— which moke up stern reality that tho great MP writes of every country with cold i1 pen. U5Pitp There is one remarkable netting . St Patrick,. distinguishiVMmfel other champions of Christendom »W, tonco ia apocryphal, and who floa t aqreole of romance which shin.. ,' mystify. He has a personallty-a m il? can be, traced with as much chronolo; , ! racy as that of any of the Angln.S.l it? whereas tbo individuality of other!, r Bomts— and notably the ereat St p.! England-is simpiy an historical tho flash of the romancist, with,/ local habitation or nams ; or rather,!,; spirit-wnif floating through the let firmament of antiquity. For insl,,," tradition of St. GcorgoTnd the and the Python snake . in Hindu «« the dragon Vitra ; whilst with the Itotu'fl resolved itself into the combat betwetiflH culea and the triple-headed Cacus. The English St. £9 and the Dragon is, therefore. rH an Aryan sun -myth— iiko William M appleshooter, tho wolf-killing dor G>'H Cinderella and. the glass slm Little Red Riding Hood, Zr'..M brilliant fictions which so began btiH tbeir spells around na in the nuraerv v fasoraated our «arly years, that it imihS cold, merciless, disenchonter, Hitter; in recont times have . demolished eechctH idols. St. George, according te EdcM tion, is said to have been born in thatotiH of Coventry— that place of bnmb.!: which social .black sheep" arc conventfcl relegated — so well known ia chronicle for the prying inditcrelloilH brought the inquisitive raroal Tom" to grief, and immortalised lit lH Godiva — " Tlio woman ot a thousand summtntii'l But it is nothing more thaa the rij surmise where he came from, whether il Coventry or Cappadocia ; and it ij evea el tively alleged that tbe much-talked ell George was not tbe original champion utl England at all— that until 1220, St Eiri was white Albion's Patron; bat the SynJ Oxford in that year, deposing him from bill of place, put his martlets nside.aad eubititl the red cross of St, George. One grentiil tage, however, St. Georgohaihsd in mil times over his cauonieed brethren, and ill in tbe pleasant yellow souvenirs am the current coin of the realm, oa tbe rem which himself and his dragon present t selves so pleasantly. Whilst yon posieuiS them you cannot possibly help feeling a "I ereign" regard for it ; and though ituull to "change" as tbe most capricious yonum juBt out of ber teens, it never fails, at liil a time, in winning the "goldea" ti'M of every one with whom it mij hands. I But to quit the shadowy conflnee ei « ture, and rest on thefo'ivtyiniwoireilll;,® fact that, almost contemporaneoai villi settlement of Port Phillip, tho keeping iS the anniversaries of national salute hul weakness with the colonists ; with the eN tion that the English, Scoldt U Welsh, though enthusiastic, were ipnfl in their hero-worship, It blazed up en I flickered a little the next, died out thfl two or three or more, and was then M But, to thelasting honor of the Inih.tiM their lo ve for the memory of their Api the impersonation of their native luifl expired from 18-10 to 18S0. The elecliichj of annual enthusiasm has never been nectcd for even a singlo occasion ;-i green flag which has metaphoricillf H the-buttle and the breeze for forty puH never been struck, but still flies at tbiH head, as fresh, as blooming, and ai scjH as on tho day when first unfurled so 1-iH merry ago, A careful observer of passing has boon many years in tho colony, cl shaking tho kaleidoscope which esislssH human mind,' obtain mosaic ellmpssfl cccurrences of "Auld lang syne," whul, always instructive, are often Simula;! it has fallen to my lot to havo ai e'« personal knowledge of the early iiftM doings of Melbourne es, may be, 'aiPV living, I may be excused ior to® kaleidoscope to recall a few events vant to tho Bubject of this paper, Of all tho men now amongst us, perhaps, no two who had more to do ' olden St. Patrick's Day celebiatusB John O'ShanesBy and Edmund WtM very opposite of each other in nnof ' but always in unison in any initiated for the purpose of chew-1- memory of the old motherland h®B thoy both bailed, they InvamW? together, and, when nide by side cession, or dinner, or any otter OM demonstration (as they usually verrtB being very tall, arid the other "i when people Baw them they in H" for there they were, in truth, tbe ' " short" of it. If O'Sbnnassy upon his colleague, it certainly w V the contempt with which ne possibly regard a "little Mlrams! looked upward at his " Jos, it through admiration of his lenaer,_ao to thoroughly oo-operate witn W®j, f very remarkable Irishman wastne Osborne, a North of J' „„|riij I minister, who abandoned the pnip more congenial platform of tns years he edited The Herald, sute Melbourne Times, and ultima'8'? B westward, established _the 1 -®jj represented that district in the 01 Counoil, and died at Qeolong. firBt eeoretnry to the Melboursi Institute (now Athenamm,) ana , prosy though logical writer; hut n afternoon dinner sp;ech « : Festival — and in this l ine I ha J ' him excelled. Then there was t .il Geoghogan — the "Father ,.,j_ji ! every man, woman and cni ' "'otito with the Melbourne 1 ilest home of ony 8 ... . |l jell he wns not _above v l#l At of tho day or night wbe /Minietering Angel "fS H ./lend of mine once charaeterlBtios ' as the , Priest in Victorla-a true Irishman" ; and no truer w ducedby pen and ink, Arriv ns the pioneer of the Konian he coleDroted hie first mass in board store, on r;0i0olil recently dismantled (St. Patrick's first maasln " in a barn), ha ought to hav ij Bishop of Melbourne, and " .po H hut for a " iluko ;" say, somotimesnrovaU in n ib bolyplnces. He fas evon the See of Adelaide, and d (|j |iHi thirteen yeara ago. « 'uoi' I . Tivqhannssy thfl great but- 1 1 m p'»,n f iJh-a kind of Ajax and Ulyssss lfioftteIth Mually ready to defend I ,M '"'"utrons right arm, as to counsel I & ffltb i, of wfsdom. No person oould j more valuable aervioes to the I f.««nde',ehan he did. and bis name should f.ijh cw!0 J „»h a gratitudo groon and un- &nre3w;,tb";k itself. i„ more re- I $ M > " ,tam much regretted Michael lh in the front, and took a very I nfirw """nn Irish affairs. Emigrating, y "r® '"a Green Isle to the I t?n »lltl .. l he fought his way to a respect- BIorl4'»caf. and coming to Australia, this B Tble EM"lon,r hroueht with him an ardent I ivHtniTvesod,and no Irish movement in Bl«« "" over lacked the aid of his oool B Melbonrno laat quarter of a |t..S«dIJl0bOharles Gavan tuffy was B century, - , h bt0!>0b; and his speechos at ltl0,»;,.yO |n Milesian style, the « Old Ire- B Son«'bin? a bard.or fileadh-aepecies l'»Jin tur ate-to supply Irish odes and B of P" I , flnecial occasions. A Mr J . It. B irelodiei if« £ y tibia ofTico by general B U'U'ty many years ; and some of the ef- B tttW® 'hi muse (usually printed m The B iwh'l i.j tha trne Parnassian ring, and B'nal ttlo merit, .ILywas a school- 11vnrof®ion, nnfef&Uho; late T. H enter by Pj" d nfiB0U,etvi«tf— — -«d young lPSfo' of an iKsrwil""' "fci jjflh Maginn-ln the following " nipping" J potato for Solon or PtaW; "« aVsopMc.l pedants of yoro ? ?<?„K »tlngo is bettor, by Jingo, lJi 'taoIr Itaib sayings, th.tr wisdom, or „» Arlstotio to a woll-plonlshod bott'o 1 I «rih«hbkv canSocotos over conparo 7 - WiYattaoli us we'll call upon BacchU", "S 'orhis ba'.red to sorrow and caro." hthM." was a man of much culture H flifta he was an excellent teacher, Msffieaited and convivial to a fault. Ho lS 0 ha OldiCcmotory full twenty years ""led in ' , k orea 0f others who pre- huplv ctd tbomeelves off as the willing j H"ods bottle soora." £ were also a few Irishmen wlio were M SVL Inland very efficient hands in JKdntestliDg, marshalling, and conducting fcffalioni connected with the proper ardor- Hi , E national festival, whose names ought ! I tltmnrily rescued from the Lathe into kKgy/sunk. One of them was a 1, tailing, talkative old gentleman, ffift imO'Farrell, who started m colonial life )..Mdur. then an auctioneer, next a Cor- fcrilico nii-collector, and finally a woalthy e,Un»gent. He was always at his post, Hi-SnTv energetic at feeds and processions. Sire figured Michael M'Namara, a met- Kriiltiilor, who though not of tall stature, K , "tall" talker; and though very Klnhaving his fist up to any man's nose Kbo cinttatliotod bim, very seldom want so far K.Mi<wa though he once thrashed Kerr, the Kfilarof the Courier, for libelling him. He Ku from Limerick, and such a gushing Irish- that when he opened an hotel in Queen Kg|( be mads quite an Irish curio of it. The K'libiiihmeac itself ho called the "Brian Boru ibr the great kicg of Munster; the if door was lettered, "Torn iHall;". bi parlor "Kiucorn;" and the pasBBgo. a Ite yard rearward, "Oloptarf.." The last'was Et Misappropriate as tho other designations, ir some "small pitched .'battles we're" occas-. iinslly fought there : not between Dines si Iiialmec, hut such customers as ..bad im- iei too much of "Mao's" doubtful tipplo, as iuoot seldom tbe case. He made a good deal Kinooey is Melbourne, bufbe speiit it as' it lot; represented Gipps Ward for a short pus In the City Council; ultimately flitted to' tit paradise for rnn-n-waya in California, and itd tbere many years ago. He had some very od points, and was unsparing in cash or Esnblein promoting every Irish movement, ill next that occurs to mo is a worthy who I pprebeod is still "alive and kicking" amongst glor I eaw him the other day philosophising nr the "Clare Castle" in Stephen street, — ao tabt ruminating upon tho good old times when Uihi.telry and its serious-looking bonifaco Kin much affected by tho Irishry. Ho is a Mr Ckriilophor Collies,, who goeerally ofihiated Kilhiwhippsrin of the boys; and no Scotch Btdlit ever rounded uphia flock more adroitly huh. did his recruits when any gathering Kruitband— either a procession or a hurling catch, or any other little affair, got up lot imuement. He was one of the. deftiat Buictori std house decorators in old Melbourne; Seildu which be had a knack of " painting " vilhouto brash whenever.ho got into a scrim- nage, soma rare instances of -which talent ho HBihiblted in the Queen streets Orange row, Bstbolfth July, 1810. " Christy " was also Bnoitbebest sbilielagh-men out, an instru- Kiotbeplayed onto such perfectionthat his ad- Kincs used to declare, in tho hyperbolic Bngmgg oi their oountry, that with his bit of iHckbeconld "draw blood out of a turnip." do leu remarkable individual was "Paddy" Btirdon (lately dead), who was always to the Brilnthe gone-away days. This worthy's oietitonding was so much impaired that his Voootion was effected only by means of a BctedMiiog cratch; and it proved a very logtroDe "crnx" to anyone opposed to riod;"ina row. With only a leg and n Mtoetind upon, the excitement pf a fight wIdo effect of magic in fixing him firmly on Phi; and ho utilised the crutch in two- fashion, as a Scotchman would a clay- s»i tpreading dismay around him. The BMog laughable incident is a fact : — In what is known as "The battlo. of the im3 '""sbt ne night in St. Patrick's "11 The question under discussion was wDtr a portrait of the then Mr Gavan Mould be procured for the St. Patriak's and much difference of oDinian i "more Pagan than Parlia- (though tho phrase has been latterly good deal reversed) was bandied about, WMipassedonto blows, and a general free- WPUvajtheresult. The late1 Mr Patrick "liniuedto wear on ono of' his right hand Pud ring as big as the iron hoop u i .'fp ' a shillelagh, thus making his lormidable weapon. With this he knocked Br1, giving hiin a hare-lip as a keep- "'.Jf the fallen it could bo Baid that r. !7ne,'er before in on Irish row, was a Ku "honored ns to be floored by a lump of more timid rushed to tho platform '?'ectiot the largo room, where the presi- H,i ou (munded by a body-guard, imagining Bffmis ?r ,ln'fy "'at doth hedge a king," 'JDjd them an asylum ; but it. so it was about tho most danger- iB,;''"' 'he field, for it wnssoourushbd; and i King James at tho Boyne, ilr t?- 'f"! "9w.the fortune of war wont, was u«»Hs d,of '.'10 chance to skedoddle, and Hllii. iSnB in doing so. ' There was n strong J' wntro of tho room, by which I Bti.« stnndiug, I was a non-oomba- it, £, 100 B®t at all likely to be respooted Btsrita! jT? 08 1 looked on regretfully, Hp ,.u,l 8 crutch"oame briskly hopping li.u 'De ®an requested mo to jump upon it.H,e'ou ,i harm's way, and promised Hume would .take good care that B»«lnder if in1®' . J didao, and during the- Kttdhhin shmdy my defender kept Hlhv tC .l cmpanion with a skill and Hw S r. , bistoric " free and Hashing «ht 0Qvy. The pair telterf il J i their promise, for widen I Hi »ic dS,y f racial. Mr W. C. Con- HvteE 2" ftnd Mr John Mansfield, Hue eerlo t ® ? ,vf ry active participants HmiIIv i on'obratione. They were B'fi'itFnfhl ??Lt'n 'b establishment of Hithee»MiIMa hw Society in the colony, Hiinbelh BtHS? oi.a.iathor Mathow hall in Hltsnie nnnS„ w.b,10,h afterwards passed over Bcb U"tlbla "ay to the Catholio B'Ortl S® '"""formed intoSt.Fran- jHDttowi® 5® "bristian Brothers now Bnpn onrn«n? Pnpnlar school. Another HwldberSi-P". to m.y reoolletp- whom it B'rt «nd haufl .v!floDk.'for n'fqioap.deUow, M- This w.Avanl,a. 'tU01 &c.; Vor.bxL Hhlcr ? bIr Michael t 't, Mho pro. BCbi 3 establishment in . ' Wstreot, W II h e hiS left Meibourne for So gold! BMlowemik»i?«nrj maIno? !?, Melbourne, ho B0' its would l„a?.r£5P®'ed b? all who knew B1 b now fa? « I y jave ma<l8 a fortune. B'l" JtlackranrfS i00? '? tbo "onset of B>'>lt to h ,. . Wherovor it was R' "ftobettlH? h his it wasimpoBsiblo B'Dy Person ma&C; 1-® e8toon; nnd goodwill Hl'Psc an hi" acquaintance. There H/h'shen ln w„ ,?ovmo,n''or "ny good work sctlvelv anfMu m 'n ® oity' in which he BfSh last SS? il"3t? y Participate. B? ' i St PaV! l. 8', ol 'boao fiuaai B»,0 ever w m1ja?t.tbo finea' looking B"8' This i , n streets of Mel- B Alfred n, brother Stephen, oL Sydney, and unole of Mr P. Stephen tho oity solicitor, but who ought to bo better known in political history as tho inventor of 'he then happy phrase of " Old Hat," during tho Sir Charles Darling controversy. "John" wn's allowed as an act of. grace to practise as ao advocate in our police court9, and wag for many years a member of tbe Oity Oounoll. He was very high in the Mwionic Order— being a Royal Arcb. It was Bald he was, in his early youth, a page in the household, of George the IV when Regent, and used in his convivial moods tell oueer mid racy stories of life amongst royalty. Though superficial, he was fluent and plausible, and possessed a very ogrceable address. He claimed to be semi-Irish,1 as descended from the old house of Boru, on the maternal side, and always oottoned to the Irish. Hie fine figure, gontlemanly deportment, and thoroughly accomplished inannor, rendered him a great acquisition to Hibernian conclaves of every kind, from which ho nevor absented himself. He died much regretted about 18 years ago. (tode concluded to- morrow,) 