NEWS OF THE DAY. -jap Tun P. and O. Company's steamship Tanjore arrived at King George's Sound, at noon yesterday, with the English mails via Suez to April 9. In another column we publish a telegraphic summary of news brought by the Tanjore, The Sydney portion of her mails may be looked for here on Thursday morning next. The Tanjore left Albany for Melbourne at 8.45 yesterday afternoon. Immediately after the Legislative Council met yesterday afternoon, Sir John Robertson moved the adjournment of the Rouse for the purpose of replying to comments in the Press respecting a speech he made, denying that the harbour was. rendered impure by the sewerage discharged into it. Several other members took advantage of the motion for adjournment to mention other matters, after which the motion was negatived. Mr. Alexander Gordon, barrister-at-law, was then heard at the bar of the House in support of the Bishop of Sydney's petition against the Church and School Lands Dedication Bill, after which Sir John Robertson moved the second reading of the bill named, and, after a lengthened debate, the motion was agreed to with only one dissentient, Mr. Ogilvie, and the bill committed pro forma. The Mining Act Amendment Bill was passed through committee without amendment, and the Council adjourned till to- day. After a number of minor and preliminary matters had been disposed of in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, a considerable time was devoted to the discussion of the Council's amendments in the Forfeited j Conditional Purchases Bill. Some of the amendments were agreed to, but those which deprived the bill of its ' declaratory character were rejected. The House then ' went into committee for the further consideration of the Electoral Bill. The clauses providing for the reference of disputed elections to the Committee of Elections and Qualifications was agreed to. Schedule A, relating to the boundaries of the electorates, was withdrawn, and the remaining schedules were carried. Mr, Beyers moved the now clause of which he had given notice, to provide for the representation of the Gold-fields. The motion was negatived by 25 against 9\. Sir Henry Parkes stated that he would postpone the second reading of the Licensing Bill until Wednesday next. We are requested to announce that Lady Augustus Loftus will hold a reception next Friday, the 14th instant, from 3 to 0 p.m. Complaints have sometimes been made in Parliament of the disorganization of some of the Government departments, but the wildest charges made in this way fail to come up to the reality of the state of confusion reigning in the Department of Public Works yesterday morning. This chaotic condition of affairs is, however, not due to any mismanagement on the part of the Minister, nor to any laxity of discipline on the part of the chief officials, nor to any insubordination among the staff. The fact is that the department is. moving into its new quarters in the handsome building to be jointly occupied by the Colonial Secretary and the Minister for Works and every exertion is being made to get things in order ready to resume business to-day under more favourable circumstances than hitherto. In the case of " Bollinson x. J. Newland," for the price of a quantity of stone quarried for the defendant under a contract, tried before his Honor Sir William Manning and a jury of four, in the Banco Court, a verdict was given for the plaintiff for £103 9s. In " Heesh v. the Bank of N. S. W. for damages for the dishonour of the plaintiff's cheques, tried before his Honor Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury in the Jury Court, a verdict was given for the plaintiff, with damages £300. And in " Raleigh v. the Municipal Council of Sydney, for damages for injuries caused to the plaintiff through the falling of the roof of a booth negligently elected by the defendants, aLo tried before Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury of four, a verdict was given for the plaintiff, with damages £200, It will be seen from our advertising columns that on the evenings of the 17th, 18th, and 19th instant, Mr. H. C. Bussell, P.E.A.S., Government Astronomer, has arranged to receive the members of the Teacher-' Institute at the Observatory, when, we understand, he will explain to them the nature and use of the several scientific instruments required in making astronomical observations, and also answer such questions as may suggest themselves relative thereto. Amongst other interesting objects that are to be looked at will be the moon, which will be in her second quarter, and will be viewed through the large telescope. A course of lectures on physics by Mr. W. Edmunds, M.A., is now in progress in connection with the insti- tute, and it is probable that several gentlemen of known ability will give lectures on other subjects. We understand that Mr. Edward Johnson has been appointed Chief Inspector of Public Schools. Mr. Johnson is well known as having been for many years an inspector of schools under the Council of Education. The annual meeting of the members of the Royal Society of New South Wales was held last night in the society's house, Elizabeth-street. There was a large attendance, and Mr. Charles Moore, P.L.S., one of the vice-presidents, occupied the chair. After the minutes and the report of the Council had been read, the financial statement was read and adopted. It was announced that 312 donations of books had been received. The result of the ballot for the election of officers showed that the gentlemen proposed as members of the new council were elected. The chairman's address was very interesting, and produced some discussion. A report of the proceedings will be found in another column. We reprint in another column, the principal of the regulations framed under the Public Instruction Act of 1880. The salaries of male teachers in charge of schools other than Provisional (if married and assisted by their wives) are fixed at from 198 to 204 per annum, according to classification. The salaries of unmarried male teachers, married teachers (not assisted by their wives, and female teachers in charge of schools are to be £12 per annum less than the foregoing rates. In any Public school, when no residence is provided, an allowance for rent will be made to the teacher in charge. These rates will be liable to reduce tion in cases where average attendance falls below 30, ; and the teacher is unable to satisfy the Minister that this has arisen from causes beyond his control. The payment of teachers in Provisional schools will be regulated by the average attendance, and will range from £7 to £4 per mouth- that is to say, where the attendance reaches 21, but under 25, the payment will be £7 ; where it is between 12 and 15, the payment ' will be £4 per month. 1 A -initio of insurance agents and others- engaged i in the business was held at the Agricultural Society's ' rooms on Tuesday ; Mr. Walter Church in the chair. It was agreed to hold an annual reunion of some kind, I and a committee was elected to arrange details. The trial of the Chinese gamblers at the Central Police Court yesterday, afforded a spectacle of a character rarely witnessed. The court seemed fairly overrun by Chinese, and the peculiar penetrating odour of opium and oil which is to be found wherever two or three of them are gathered together was only kept down by ventilating the court ' freely. The courtyard was filled with them, and all grades seemed to be represented in watching a,, trial which deals with what is the master passion of the Chinese gambling. The narrow space inside the court allotted to the public was nearly swamped by the almond-eyed race, who submitted very patiently to be squeezed by the few Europeans present, in their anxiety to hear the evidence which affected ' so many of them. Round the table allotted to professional gentlemen were seated three or four Chinese, ! ne, a blind old gentleman in spectacles, looking etc I tremely like a lawyer, and the others being interpret j tors, the loss of the pigtail showing that they had be , come Christianized. The dock was, of course, occupied by Chinese, and even the bench had its share, for in one corner were seated Mr. On Chong and Mr. Sun ! Rum Tiy, merchants, of 223 and 225 George street, who had been accommodated by some of the justices with seats there. A prominent person in court was the half-caste, Willy Reilly, who looked as genuine a European as possible, and whose fluent Chinese was all the more remarkable, coming as it did from one of his English appearance. He is a well- grown lad of 23 or so and might easily pass off as belonging to the nationality his name indicates. The ubiquitous constable Sproule, a terror to night-birds, was Janitor, and his discretion in dealing with applications for admission kept the body of the court clear. In the dock wore the seven prisoners, all decently dressed, and all fearfully and wonderfully alike in the case of their features. Complexions differed, however, and ranged from the sickly pallor of the opium smoker to the dark brown face of a man who looked as if he had been French-polished. They watched the proceedings keenly, but no sign of feeding appeared on their faces as evidence went against them. In front of the magistrates was a litter of cards curiously shaped and gorgeously painted, of dominoes, beads, quaint coins, metal cups, brass cover?, bamboo sticks used as money-rakes, wooden trays; inshore, all the paraphernalia of a Chinese gambling-house. Fan-tan demands but few of these ; but the Chinese far excel the Western nations in the number and intricacy of their games of chance games which the professionals among them generally reduce to games of skill. There were also articles of jewellery, watches, and banknotes, all looted during the raid; and, most curious capture of all, a pot of opium. The case against the bankers was clearly proved, but it transpired that among them an innocent man had been placed. He was discharged from the dock, and he left that un- inviting spot with a most apathetic lounge. The others were all convicted and fined £25 3s., with the alternative of two months in gaol. Some paid and some went to gaol, but there was no fuss about it, and they seemed " equal to either fortune." The fourth part of the " Supreme Court Reports,"' completing volume two of the new series, has come to hand from the printing office of Messrs. John Woods and Co., of 13, Bridge-street. It is edited by Messrs. G. H. Fitzhardinge and G. Knox, and as the legal reports have of late been unusually numerous, this part is much more compendious than are some of the former numbers. There is a full digest of the matters reported in the common law, equity, and divorce jurisdiction, and the usual list of cases, alphabetically arranged, completes the volume. This work, almost indispensable to members of the legal fraternity, is published under the auspices of their Honors the Judges of the Supreme Court. Yesterday a complimentary picnic was given to his Worship the Mayor (Mr. B. Fowler), Mr. P. A. Jennings, COMER.", Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., and Mr. J. T. Toohey, the honorary treasurers and secretaries of the Irish Distress Relief Fund, in recognition of their services in connection with that fund. The scene of the picnic was Clontarf, whither the party was conveyed in the steamer Wallaby, which made two trips at 11 and 1 o'clock. There were about 60 gentlemen present, including, besides the guests of the day, Messrs. C. J. Roberts (ex-Mayor), J. Hourigan, J.P. : D. M'Beath, J.P. ; T. J. Chapman. J.P. ; E. E. Waters, T. Dalton, J. P. ; William Hughes, J.P. ; Drs. Clune, Power, McDonagh, Alderman Hordern Mr. J. P. Garvan, Mr. T. Slattery, and other influential gentlemen. A fuller report of the proceedings will appear in a future issue. A VERY successful and numerously attended meeting of the Newtown Band of Courage was held in the Presbyterian Church, on Tuesday night, the 11th j instant, the Rev. R. Collie occupying the chair. After the Scripture examination, at which the children acquitted themselves in a very satisfactory manner, the chairman gave a reading entitled " Civility." The Rev. A. Gardiner, of the Glebe, was present, and gave a humourous reading, entitled " Scotch Words," and a short address. A large number of the children also gave recitations, and at the close of the most deserving received prizes. On Monday evening last, the eighth anniversary of No. 36 Loyal Orange Lodge was celebrated by a tea meeting and concert, in the Protestant Hall, and was largely attended. The company were entertained with songs and recitations by lady and gentlemen amateurs, and with addresses by the chairman (Mr. N. J. Mackenzie, W.M. of 83), the Rev. Dr. M'Gibbon, Rev. E. Mackinnon, the D.G.M. Mr. W. Henson, the G. S. Mr. A. Gilchrist, and Mr. J. Roseby, M.L.A. In the absence of the E.W.G.M., through recent domestic bereavement, the G.S. presented Mr. Mackenzie with an elaborate address from the members of his Lodge, expressive of the esteem and regard which they entertained for him, and of their appreciation of the zeal and ability with which he had discharged the duties of Mastership of the lodge, which the recipient appropriately acknowledged. The first of a series of lectures by Mr. Edward Combes, C.M.G., on iron and steel, and the methods of their manufacture, was last night delivered in the School of Arts lecture-room, in connection with the Technical or Working Men's College. Mr. W. M. Alderson, J.P., occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer. Mr. Combes said that when he was on his visit to Europe, in connection with the Paris Exhibition, he made it his business to visit the principal manufacturing places, not only in England but also in the European and American continents, to make himself acquainted with the various methods of making iron from the ore cast iron, malleable iron, and steel and that evening he would treat upon the direct method of manufacture from the ore, leaving the indirect as the subject of dis- course on a future occasion. Having described the methods adopted in India, Persia, and other Eastern countries which, he supposed, were very similar to that which obtained in the time of Tubal Cain in Borneo, and in Africa, he proceeded to elucidate the more modern modes of operation. The hall was well filled, and the address was received with the greatest interest. On the motion of Mr. Selfe, a vote of thanks was cordially voted to Mr. Combes for his valuable and interesting lecture. The following editorial note respecting the Melbourne Exhibition appears iii the Ironmonger, of March 20 "A state of affairs, which we cannot avoid regarding as being most extraordinary and altogether unprecedented, has arisen in connection with the arrangements for the forthcoming exhibition at Melbourne. When the matter was originally mooted the end of March 1879 was named as being the latest time for receiving applications for space, but that limit was subsequently enlarged more than once, with intimations that the applications would be considered in the order in which they were received, Those who had applied in good time naturally concluded that they were quite safe, and proceeded with their cases, &c.;, in accordance with that idea, which was supported in many instances by the answers given to inquiries. Now, however, the allotments of space have been made, and the exhibitors find themselves treated in the most summary and unjust manner possible. It is practically impossible to ascertain the principles which have guided those who have had the alloting of the spaces ; indeed, it would seem that they have been influenced by no rule whatever, you have gone to work in a reckless, haphazard, i and slapdash manner. This is clearly apparent when it is stated that firms who already have stands at Sydney have been allotted spaces which will not contain 1 even their cases ; makers of special articles, which the Commissioners must have known from their very nature and size could not possibly stand within the 1 limits! granted, have been similarly treated and manufacturers of such bulky articles as agricultural machinery and implements have been given small allot mentslvhioh are absolutely and entirely absurd. The result of all this is that the Melbourne exhibition will not only be a failure, but a byeword and mockery, unless the management speedily alter their plans. It is quite bad enough to incur the trouble and expense of exhibiting at all, but to be treated in this scurvy way is so exar stating that many intending exhibitors will probably withdraw altogether. The agricultural implement manufacturers have already held a meeting on the subject; and they have decided that unless the Exhibition Commissioners will, at their own expense, provide a special annexe for these exhibits, they will cancel their applications, and wash their hands of the whole affair. We should regret to witness that result, but under the circumstances we certainly could not condemn it." The following extract relating to the proceedings or the General Synod of New Zealand, on April 21, is from the report of the Lyttelton Times : " The Rev. W. P. Tanner then moveless That no person small be entitled to receive the offices of the Church except ' those whose names are on the churchwardens books as having contributed by way of offering certain optional amounts, to be called church does. Provided that the services of the Church shall be at any time given at the request of any two members who may be at the time fulfilling the aforementioned duty. He spoke in favour of the motion at some length. The Bishop of Melanesia, in strong terms, deprecated the motion being put. He hoped that no record of it would appear upon the minutes. The Rev. W. P. Tanner wished to make another observation or two, but was met with cries of order.' The motion was not seconded." Baron F. von __ue___h has just published, under the auspices of the Indian Government, an edition of his elaborate work on "Select Plants, Readily Eligible for Industrial Culture" This valuable production, which fills an octavo volume of nearly 400 pages, was printed in Calcutta, at the office of the Superintendent of Government Printing, and is dedicated to the Hon. Sir A. Clarke, K.C.M.G., &c;, First Commissioner of Public Works in India. Amongst the numerous species of plants recommended by the Baron for culture in Upper India, are some fifty species of eucalyptus, which he regards as well adapted to the Indian climate and calculated to be of great economic and industrial value. It need scarcely be added that, in this as well as in all his works on the, vegetable kingdom, the Baron is doing great service to his adopted country. On Monday morning William Green was engaged, with a companion, at a depth of 150 feet, in removing slabs from the shaft of the Red Lead Gold-mining Company, Gulgong. The slabs, as taken out, were lashed to the main hope and hoisted to the top by means of a windlass on the surface, worked by two men. Two slabs were being hoisted up, and when near the surface slipped from the lashings and went down the shaft. The men on the top sent down the warning cry. Poor Green was deaf, and probably never heard the cry. His companion secured himself, and grasped Green with the intention of pulling him into the same compartment. He succeeded in getting the upper part of deceased's body into safety, and the legs were left exposed. The result was that the heavy slabs fell directly on them, coming down with terrible force. The injured man was removed to the Gulgong hospital, when it was found he had received a compound comminuted fracture of the left thigh, close to the femoral artery, which was pierced by a splinter of bone. The right ankle had been dislocated, and the leg broken below the knee. It was at once decided to amputate the shattered left leg. The operation was successfully performed, but the shock to the system was too great to admit of recovery. The patient, after a short time, relapsed, and gradually sank and died at 5 o'clock a.m. on Tuesday. A XAuaoyv escape from a serious accident occurred yesterday morning. nearly opposite the tramway waiting room, in Elizabeth-street. It appears that a Darling Point 'bus drawn by six horses was passing at the corner of King and Elizabeth streets about half-past 9 o'clock, and the tram motor and car approached at the same time. The driver of the bus, to escape the threatened collision, turned his horses' heads sharply up Elizabeth street ; but the sudden strain on the pole of the 'bus caused it to break off, and had it not been that several of the passengers immediately jumped off the 'bus and secured the horses, there would most probably have been a serious accident. As it turned out, however, no damage was done beyond that mentioned and injury to the harness, and no one was hurt. It may be stated that the motor was travelling at a very slow pace, which is always the case when passing any crossing, The following is the description of the man who was taken to the Infirmary on Tuesday last, in an unconscious condition, and who subsequently expired in that institution About 35 or 40 years of age, 5 feet 7 or 8 inches high, black hair, whiskers and moustache, bald on top of head, long features, and long sharp nose. He is dressed in black cloth frock coat, double-breasted plaid vest, brown tweed trousers, striped cotton shirt, collar of the same material, white cotton socks and elastic-side boots, and a hard low-crowned black hat. It will be remembered that the man obtained a night's lodging in Martin's Bathurst Hotel, George-street West, and he was found the next morning in a state of unconsciousness. It is surmised the man went about repairing clocks, as several watchmaker's tools were found in his possession. The body now lies in the deadhouse at the Infirmary awaiting identification and an inquest. The following is the report of the Benevolent Asylum for the week ending 11th May:-Admitted, 7 women, 1 child ; births, 2 ; deaths, 1 (infant) ; discharged, 12 women, 13 children ; remaining in the house, 86 women, 179 children; fresh applications for relief, 2 ; provisions distributed, 940 loaves bread, 639 lbs. flour, 122 lbs. beef, and small quantities of oatmeal, sago, sugar, &c.; Cases reported by the inspector, 7 ; total number relieved, 224. The following is the report of the Sydney Infirmary for week ended 8th May, 1880:-Admitted-2G males, 15 females total 41. Discharged 40 males, 17 females : total 57. Died-G males. Remaining 128 males, 66 females ; total 191. Tnn Forbes Times relates that a gentleman In Mr. Surveyor Gipps's party, whilst engaged in surveys of the Lachlan River in that neighbourhood, had made several very interesting scientific discoveries. One of the specimens unearthed was the petrified leg bone of a large animal, supposed to be now extinct, and there were several others of an equally interesting character. A little time back (writes the Daylesford Mercury of the 4th instant) we reported that two miners named "Vincome and Bronson, working at Yandoit, unearthed a nugget weighing 800 oz., together with some smaller ones, which brought them the nice little haul of £1360. Fortune has again smiled on the party, for last week they were successful in finding another sample of the precious metal which weighed about 50 oz. and realized nearly £200. The Southern Argus (a Goulburn journal) says: " Were it to be said that the growth of potatoes from Warrnambool seed is possible in our districts, many would be disposed to discredit it. However, it has been tried by way of experiment to grow potatoes from the seed of Warrnambool potatoes, and Mr. J. O'lieoffe, of Breadalbane, has shown us specimens of the growth obtained, which are remarkably fine in appearance, and any one who sees them will be glad to know that the deception regarding the growth of Warrnambool potatoes in our soil is exploded. The potato is such an excellent looking specimen that its growth is sure to become general amongst our farmers.'' A few days ago we published a ghost paragraph from the Geelong Advertiser. The Hamilton Spectator supplies the following It may be stated that Mr. Lissiman did not die at the parsonage, and the archdeacon never wrote that he saw Mr. Lissiman " standing at the study table," nor anywhere else, after death. What the archdeacon really wrote was shown to us, with a request that we would not publish it, as it could do no good, and might hurt the feelings of his rela- tives. As some other friend of the family has, however, with questionable taste, thought proper to furnish a very distorted version of the affair to the public, we have been asked to state that the morning before his death the Ven. Archdeacon Innes wrote and gave the Rev. J. W. Arnold a memo. of which the following is a copy viz.: "A few nights after poor Lissiman's death I was in this house alone, and his room rattled so that I ran up to see what it was, I looked in the dark room and saw nothing; so I said, with a laugh to myself, it must be old Lissiman. What do you want" Then I had an answer, not audible, but such as possibly a spirit can convoy, ' Never mind, you'll follow me soon. It was singular I never told any one." Mr. Lissiman died a month before the archdeacon, and the latter expired less than 24 hours after writing the singular memo, we have been called upon to publish. in one of our Melbourne telegrams yesterday, it was stated that a meeting was held at Melbourne, on Tuesday afternoon, to raise a memorial to the late Mr. Bateman, an actor. This was an error. The memorial proposed is to the late Mr. John Batman, who, it is well known, was the founder of Victoria. He was born in Parramatta, in this colony in 1800, and died in Victoria In 1840. At the meeting referred to, it was resolved to raise subscriptions in aid of the object in view. 