THE BISHOP'S VETO. TO THR BOITOS. Sir— 1'ne ts.ev.ti. M. rollitt, in answer to Mr. Currey, uiesthe following language:— ' I also find that the Player- book sets the muk of in validity on all non-Episcopal separations to the pretty well, but I do not fiad this, and ic would he interesting to know where Air. Pollitc ha« found it. I find in the twenty-third of the ' Thirty-nine Articles of Religion,' the fol lowiug: — 'It is not lawful for any mm to take on him the office of public preaching or nnnistcriug the Sacraments in the congregiSioa before he be lawfully called and sent to execute the same. And those we ought to judge lawfully called and sent which be chosen and called to this work by men who have public authority given unto them in the congregation to call and send miBWters into the Lord's vineyard.' In this article there is a careful and deliberate reserve. It is not asserted that all separation to tberaiuUtry by otter than Bishops is invalid. On the contrary, it is known to be the historical fact -that the article waa drawn in this form m'h the express intention of putting necensore cm the .Reformed Churches of Scotland and. Germany, which were without the order of Bishops. Hi. Pollitl's argument at this point of is m crtsitates the conclusion that in nonEpis copal Keformed Churches there has been no v&iid; celebration of the Sacraments or other Christian rites since the Reformation. This may be his private opinion; Bat this opinion does not rest on any language to be found in the Prayer-book. The Ordination Service lets forth the view of the Church aad its fixed role as to ordination, bat it does not go out of its way to pronounce invalid either the orders of other Churches or the minuterial acts done by them. On this subject there seems to be growing np amongst ns a temper widely at variance from that of the great High Church divines of the 17th century. I trust you will permit me here to quote the words of the last will and testament of the learned Bishop Cosin in 1672 : — ' In what part of the world soever any Churches are extant bearing the name of Christ, and pro fessing the true Catholic- faith and religion, -vtorshipning and calling on God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost with one heart and voice, if anywhere I be now hindered actually to be joined with them, either by distance of countries or variance among men, or by any other test whatsoever, yet always in my mind and affection I join and unite with them, which 1 desiie to be chiefly understood of Protestants and the best Reformed Churches.' I confine myself to this one point. I am, Sir, kc, A. RUSSELL. Hackney, May 22. 