AMERICA'S PLACE IN HISTORY. The second of a series of lectures oh ' Ame rica's Place in. History' by Mr. John Fiske, of Harvard. University, to the members of the Edinburgh Philosophical Institution, was.de- livered on June 11 in Queeu-street Hall, Edin- burgh. The special shuject of the lecture was tlie comparative fortunes of the French and EiTglifih colonies, in North .. America./ In treating this. question, Mr.. Fiske .first pointed out that the highly, centralised form of Go vernment by meauH- of prefects', was not easily capable of being transplanted, as it embodied iu itself no element of life, apart from the local circumstances in which it had grown up.,; but thatj on the other hand, the Goyeriinient which had learned to secure concerted action without forsaking, local independence contained elements of permanence, was independent of local circumstances,' and wheresoever trans planted would take root and flourish. The truth of. this doctrine, it waB :iiext.-; argued, ,was Btrikingly demonstrated by - tlie fates of the American settlements. The French colonists were planted . -in accordance with! a far searching Imperial policy, and they were favoured by the special solicitude of the hoiiio Government. As indicating. the character of the treatment which tlie French settlers received at the liauds of . Loiiis, he . mentioned ...that . an. officer was appointed to supervise the action of the Go- veruor and to -tell . tales on this official— -an appointment which, be remarked, would have been received with hooting and indignation in any British colony ; and, further, that it was attempted to foster- trade by the payment of : bounties, and to increase! tlie population bv sending out from France ship loads of women, air dowered by tlie King, by enacting that,, after the arrival of tlieir'expeetaht brides, every bachelor in the" colony slioiild iharry within' two weeks, and by. awarding, a pension of 300 livres to every man who' was the father often children. Notwithstanding ,'all. this nursing,' the French did not increase as was desired ; : ''while,, on the other hand, the English colonists, left to : themselves, were full /of sturdy, life.. These settlers, ho showed, were accustomed, to : manage their affairs without!the intervention of officers of State, and if their king had attempted ! tordeal "with them as Louis had dealt with'their French neighbours . they would have cut off his. head, or driven .him into exile, or, failing this they would ' have gone into exile themselves. After narrating bow the French bad been more- successful than the English, in securing the . favour of, the Indians, the lecturer briefly sketched the great struggle -'which began in 1664 between France.: and . England for the control of Canada, touching on. 'the different phases which this contest assumed, till in 1750 it entered upon its final stage. England, he said, was now prepared to measure her. strength with France for the colonial empire. The whole world Aviis convulsed with the struggle of the seven years' war — a war more momentuous in its- consequences than any that, had ever yet been carried on between rival European Powers, a war made illustrious by the genius of oho of the greatest generals, and'of . perhaps the very greatest War Miuister the world had ever seen ; it having been an evil hour for the Colonial Empire of France when the invincible prowess of Frederick the Great was allied with the far sighted policy of William Pitt. : Referring, in conclusion, to the treaty of 1763, Mr. Fj'ske said the 12th of February of that year might not unfitly he celebrated sis the proudest day in the history of England ; for then it was made clear bad any one had the eyes to. discern, tlie future, and to read between the lines of that - portentuous treaty, that England was destined to become the mother of many free and enlightened nations, all speaking the matchless language which the English Bible had for ever consecrated, and earnest in carrying out the sacred ideas for which Latimer suffered and Hampden fought. It was proclaimed that the institutions of the Roman Empire, however useful in their time, were at last outgrown and superseded, and that tho guidance of the world was henceforth not to be in the hands, of Imperial bureaus or Papal coticlaves, but in the bands, of : tho representatives of honest la bour, and the preachers of righteousness, unhampered by ceremonial or dogma. In days' to come, this lesson : would be taken up and- roiterated no, doubt by other vast communities planted by" England in Australia, in Africa, and in the Iplands of the Pacific, until barbar ous 8'acerdotalistri and despotic privilege should haye vanished from the face of the earth, and the principles of Protestantism, rightly under stood. and of English self- government, should haye become fdr ever tlie undisputed possession of all mankind. Tlie attendance was large. ... In the early part of his third lecture, Mr) Fiske sketched the establishment and growth of the colonies of . Virginia, New 'England, and MassachuBsets, as being typical States, describ ing with references to the last-mentioned colony- how the Puritinn settlers, by their inhos pitable treatment of Roger, Williams, had led to the colonization of Rhode Island, the smallest, hut in its origin the most honourable of Ameri can settlements, seeing that it was founded in the sacred cause of freedom, by the enunciator of view's so broad and so ti ne that at the present tithe Emerson aiicl Huxley might cordially join hands in maintaining them. Having completed this review, the lecturer pointed out that in tlie "early history "of these colonies they might find exemplified the principal.difference of social structure which. characterised in. later times - the Northern and Southern portions of the United States. In Virginia the cultivation of tobacco and the employnient-of slave labour favoured the growth of large isolated estates of planta tions, and hindered the growth of towns — in deed, made it difficult to establish towns at all ; and; accordingly, for a ! long time there were neither schools nor printing press.. On the other hand, in New England, where fanners made up tlie great body of the population, -tlie' mode of cultivation was not favourable to . the employ- ! ment of slave labour, and the Puritan theory of. life held by the settlers made it necessary for tliein to meet every Sunday for religious wor ship, and for this purpose to live in village com munities or townships, which compactness of social life was highly favourable to the educa tion of the people. After referring to the origin of;a number of the other colonies, die said - that, in the thirteen States there were three cardinal facts to be noted. The first of these facts was the great variety of purposes /with which the different colonies were founded, and the conse quent variety of races, ranks, and creeds, which made universal toleration, social and religious, a necessity ;! the: second wns the inevitableness with which they saw the old. Aryan type of government through a popular assembly, of which Eneland alone among the great nations had distinctly preserved the tradition, springing up and asserting itself everywhere, in spite of any studied attempt to force upon the com munities a more artificial type ; and the third was the wonderful rate of iucrease of colonial populations— a rate; of increase unprecedented on so large a scale, the growth which Americans sqnietiines prided themselves upon ns character istic of the United States, having been equally characteristic of .the colonies before their sepa ration from England, though not so conspicuous simply because larger .numbers appealed to; the imagination more than smaller ones. Another matter worthy of note was the effect of Ameri can colonization upon the development of Eng land, the/mother country. People, were so ac customed to think of Great Britain as: a domin ant power in the modern world that they were apt to 'forget liow subordinate her position was iu the 16th century as compared with what it was in the 18th ; and it was therefore right to point out that her great growth was in large measure due to her intercourse with'tlie colonies she bad planted in America. In concluding, he intimated that in his fourth and last lecture he should come to consider " America's place in history," the other lectures having been merely necessary preliminaries to the consideration of the question. The last Bulletin of the Antwerp Geographi cal Society contains a geographical and commer cial essay on the Australian colonies, which is accompanied by reproductions of some 'curious old in'a'ps, as well as by a sketch map which professes to distinguish the arable,' pastoral and desert regions of the continent, in regard to which, however, the writers' information hardly1 appears to be brought down to the latest date. " Attention has been drawn to the openings presented by many of our colonies for the culti vation of the cork tree. The small experiments iri the colony of Victoria show that the young saplings grew there, at the rate of 4 feet a year. There are .'in any parts of '..Australia, India, New Zealand and' South Africa where '.'this majestic tree would thrive, and. where, with proper ''.culti vation) it would prove a great source of wealth. The demand for cork in all branches of the me chanical and industrial arts is 1 nrgely i n creasi ng, and, except for recent precautionary measures taken for the preservation of the plantations in Spain. France and Algeria, would considerably outrun the supply. If only for/their own needs, and without, any vie \v. to "an' export trade, our sub-tropical colonies Would do well to turn their attention to the production of cork. The latest absurdity.in fashions for ladies is a crutched-headed ebony) cane, the handle of which is a silver dog or horse's head—a revival of an ancestral absurdity.; Tho very high, sharp pointed heels now worn by women who take no tliougliL for i 'their": spines and brains, both of which doctors aver suffer fromt his injurious practice, has rendered these - supports -almost- -a necessity for these sufferirig'Iuuatics who hobble so painfully along. A Shaker was s'uinmoned-befqre tlieLyhung- "ton Giiafdians'tiie other day to' say whether, -lie would contribute towards the' support 'of his w'ifej wlio is a lunatic, and chargeable to the "Union." Titer man said lie "c"6uldTnpt he liad no means. Slihkers, he is' repo'rted ' to have said, did-not work, for. hire, "Itut for..onq,: another, and he must obey ; t jte Almighty,, by whose ' Spirit )he was jed to join thein., The -Guardians were dissatisfied with the reply and resolved to prose cute th'e!mbn for refusing; to: contribute to bis wife's -support.- ) Certain' Dutch naturalists have come to the conclusion, that Grimalkin inay.be utilised as a letter carrier with considerable ; advantage to public interests. These worthies propose to organise a service of post-cats,, arid are at pre sent engaged, by. a series1', of ingenious experi;-. nients, in testing piissy;s: capacities .for deliver ing' the mails. :: Sbleeting Luik for the hehd- quarters, tliey thence despatch a iiuiuber of cats securely tied up in woollen bags, to the neigh bouring villages, where- they are freed from confinement and turned lpoG6:with neat packets of letters firmly strapped to; their backs. At once their domestic instincts come into full play, and they swiftly flee homewards with unswerv- ing directness. ' Of 37 cats thus -constrained ;to serve their country, hot one , lias liitliqrto failed to fulfil its. postal function with excellent punc tuality. - It is feared, . however, that when a double service shall be arranged, difficulties and delays may arise from "the 'meetings of post-cats on the iiigli road. The practical advantages to be derived. from encouraging the colonial wine grower! are pointed out by the Behdigo Advertiser, among which is the - demand for labour to which it gives rise " The' wiiie trade, besides being an agricuHural industry, demands something beyond tlie production of mere raw material, such as wheat or oats. It is in. fact a branqh of manufacture; iuid dependent upon it are other '.manufactures, coopers, glass and metal workers, &c;\, whilst in the autumn the rural population can "find "employment in the viue- yauls in much greater numbers than they can on land wlieic only cereals are grown. Then a certain amorint ' of labour is necessary in tlie viiieyard all the year round. Looking at the matte' from till points of view, tlie colonial wine industry should be encouraged by the ; public, for surely it will add to national pros-) perity and well-being if the whole, or oiily a portion, of the £5,000,000 sent out : of this coloiiy every year" for the purchase of. foreign wines arid spirits were to; he retained to. push forward our other commerce, and place capital at the disposal of -enterprising men to found, a general manufacturing system." A workman, named Alexander Cochrane, at Birkenhead went to bed iti his usual health, and about 1 o'clock in the inoruiug lie rose, opened his bed-room window, and juinped to the foot- walki. Tlie bed-room being two storeys high, lie was seriously injured, and died a few hours, afterwards. It is supposed tliat deceased was in a state of somnambulism when he took the fatal leap. Aunt: "Has any oiie been at these preserves?" Dead silence. " Have you touched ; theirii, Jimmy ?"— Jimmy, with the utmost delibera tion : " Pa' never 'lows uie to talk at dinner." There is a young woman iri the . country so sweet that. she has to wear a wire net to keep away the honey bees.' It is not what we earn, but what we save, that, makes us rich. It is not what we eat, but what we digest, that makes us strong, It is not .what we read, hut what we reiheniber, that makes us learned. It is' not what we intend, but what we do, that makes us'riseful. It is not a few faint wishes, bui a life-long struggle, that makes us valiant. It is said that a great many ladies !who are enthusiastic bomcebpathists think that . their favourite school of inedicine is! called hoineao-: pathy because they can practise it' at hoiiie. . A case of domestic scandal was under dis cussion at a tea-table. . " Well, jet us think the best of her wc can," said an elderly spinster, — " Yes," said another : "and say the worst." No generous man would go to a spiritual senace given by a lady medium, and, as the ghost is walking about, while the. medium is tied in the cabinet, exclaim, "There's a rat right by the ghost !" It spoils the effect to have the ghost cry oiit arid gather up its skirts and run, , Many of the errors of life admit' of remedy. A miscalculation this year may be retrieved by. special care the next ; abad partnership may be dissolved, an injury repaired, a wrorig step re- Iriiced. But au error in marriage , goes to the very root and foundatibn of life. The deed, once done, cannot be recalled. - The goblet is broken and (he wine of life is wasted, and no tears or toils can bring ' back' the precious draught. . . .. . . Some of our newspaper men have been boasting that they have received a telegram from Sydney iii live hours. " We remember being present at the banquet held to inaugurate the completion of the telegraph system to Australia, and can recollect the Earl of Kirii- berley, who "occupied tlie chair, sending a despatch to several of the Governors, congratu lating them on the fact, aud receiving a reply in less . than an hour" .and a. half. But this was because the line was clear arid so undoubtedly it must have beeu, to a" considerable extent, when the telegrarii conveying the first news of the capture of the Kelly gang of bushrangers was dispatched- from Sydney on June 28, at 12.30 p.m. (Sydney time), else it would not have reached here at 7.30 a.m. (Greenwich time) on the same day. We like to give credit where credit is ' due, but we cannot see that this " telegraphic feat," as it has been called, is one to boast about, for we feel certain that there are many of our readers who are not at all satisfied with the . speed used in conveviusr their messages.— PaZi Mall Gazette. 