? TOWN HAIX POPTTLAE CONCEBTS.—Mr. George Robertson is again to be congratulated on the complete success of another concert of the series under his direction. His third concert was given in the Town Hall on Saturday night before a crowded audience, every part of the hall being occupied, while the gallery was literally packed. Better proof could not be furnished of the people's appreciation of superior music, and one could not help feeling grateful to see how correctly they applauded the best pieces, and demanded their repetition. The programme opened with the performance of Herold's overture to " Zampa" on the grand organ by Mr. T. H. Jones. Mr. C. E. Mumme followed with Blumentbal's song " My Queen," for which he was much applauded. Then Mr. F. Winter- bottom, R.A.M., appeared with his violoncello, and _ played Gottermann's " Le RSve" admirably that it narrowly escaped being encored. It is an unalloyed pleasure at all timeB to listen to- Mr. Winterbottom's playing, but we do not remember having heard him to more complete advantage than on this occasion when at a later stage he performed Fesca's " Barcarole" and Gounod's " Berceuse." The " Berceuse" was rendered with rare expression, and it was repeated in response to a clamorous encore. Madame Robertson was in excellent voice, and sang the romanza in the first act of Verdi's "Aida." Those who are familiar with this opera will recollect that the romanza commences with recitative, and works up gradually into the melody,which ends on a B flat above the line. This is the crowning feature of the composition, and tbe singer holds the note whilst a passage of eight splendid chords is being played on the piano. Madame Robertson achieved a grand" success in her treatment of the piece, and rather astonished her audience by singing it entirely from memory. She was loudly applauded, and MODS. Bourbaud presented her with a magnificent bouquet bound with Italian colours. Madame Robertson further on gave Sainton Dolby's song " When we are old and grey," and in response to the encore which followed she repeated the last verse. Mr. John Hall played as a solo Artot's " Souvenir of Bellioi" in his usual finished and expressive style, and had to submit to an imperative encore, when he gave " Auld Robin Gray." Mr. Hall also appeared with Mr. Winterbottom (violoncello), and Mr. Robertson (piano) in Mendelssohn's trio " Lobgesang," which was grandly performed, being a very special treat to the more cultivated portion of the audience. Signer SavriDi sang the aria " Viravviso" from La Sonnambula," and repeated the allegro in response to a general clamour for bis reappearance. His singing of Gatty's patriotic song, '-The gallants of England," was also encored, and he repeated the first verse. There can be no question that Signor Savrini owes much of his popularity to his somewhat extraordinary demonstrativeciess of manner and the dramatic style of his singing generally. If he displayed less eccentricity in these respects, and were to be judgod solely from the worth of his singiDg, he would not be so favoured. he leadiDg feature in the second part of the programme was a grand vocal trio of Verdi's from " Lombardi" by Madame Robertson, Signor Savrini, and Mr. Mumme, with violin obligato by Mr. John Hall, and pianoforte accompaniment by Mr. Robertson. This trio was written by Verdi in [one of his happiest moods, after the success of a previous opera of his own, and being a violinist himself he was able to put a prelude to it which is a masterpiece and a gem in itself. Mr. Hall played this most delightfully ; indeed, it would be difficult to conceive of anything finer except itweie from a genius. The trio is a .hiably emotional description, and many of the soprano and tenor noces are very high and trying to the voice. Madame Robertson sang her part from memory, and seemed to be quite au fait with the piece. It took the house by storm; even the occupants of the gallery got enthusiastic, although it took about a quarter of an hour to nerform, and it had to be repeated. We understand that Mr. Robertson intends to have this trio given again at his next concert, and certainly the warm reception given to it on Saturday night amply warrants his doing BO. Mr. Mumme having sung in the trio twice, came forward to sing the nest number in a rather hausted condition, " The Two Dreams"—a song of Mr. Robertson's own composition. This was much to be regretted, Bince the song is very pretty, and was specially written in G flat to suit Mr. Mumme's voice. The melody is "taking," and the pianoforte accompaniment elaborate, there being a great many changes in tbe various keys throughout the piece. The concert concluded with Mr. Jones playing on the grand organ the introduction to " Faust" and the "Soldiers' Chorus." The next and last concert of Mr. Robertson's series will take place on the 16th, when two of Madame Robertson's young lady pupils are going to sing with her in a trio. It is to be hoped ^ that a ^ few extra con certs will be given'under the same^direction I before the season closes. PEPPEE'S GHOST.—After a very successful tour in the country Professor Pepper has returned to town lor the purpose of producing, on Saturday next, at Garner s Theatre, his world- renowned exhibition of " The Ghost." He will employ al the apparatus used by him at the London Polytechnic, where for years this marvellous optical illusion was the principal and most popular item in -fho prientific entertainments there provided. JJ^XIUIA'RUK KOYAL.—At this house on aa^ujaay night the audience much resembled those to be seen there during the rest of the season which is now aproaching its close. The gallery and pit were filled, and the stalls were well patronised, with a not over-numerous dress circle. That old <stock piece, " The Colleen Bawn," which seems to have lost none of its' charms for the lovers of the sensational, was produced, and went cown very well. Mr. Roberts appeared as Myles-ua-Coppaleen, and played the smuggling, poaching,goodhearted vagabond very effectively. "We liked him better in this character than in that of Conn the Shaugbraun, for whose impersonation eo stout a man is hardly well fitted physically to excel. Mr. Roberts's singing is always good, and adds verv.'much to the attractiveness of his at all times artistic acting. Miss Clara Lemore as Eily O'Connor made a pretty peasant girl, and played with a good deal of power, but in the matter of brogue, which comes in the way of the success of most actresses in Irish parts, she was hardly as much at home as she ought to have been. Mies Watt- Tanner appeared as Mrs. Cregan, a sort ot character she is not in the habit of assuming, and which is in fact out of her line," but played it very respectably. Miss Maggie Knight hardly came up to one's idea of Anne Chute, but at the same time gave a very good interpretation of the part from her point of view. Sheelah was represented by Miss Essie Jenyns in a creditable manner. Mr. W. J. Hollo way was as effective as usual in the representation of Kyrle Daly, the make-up being excellent; and the Hardress Cregan of Mr. Herbert Fleming was also J a good performance. Mr. Fred Thorne of course filled the part ©f the informer and process-server Corrigan, and secured the usual hearty hissing in the last scene, when he retires before the toe of Myles's boot on" his way indirectly to the horse pond. Mr. Douglas acted Father Tom, which we fancy is hardly in his line. Mr. Arthur Elliott had the somewhat .thankless duty of representing Danny Mann, and was fairly effective, especially in the death scene. Mr. Hans Phillips appeared as Bertie O'Moore; Mr. Walter Carle as Hyland Creagh, and Mr. Neil O'Brien as Patsy. To-night Mr. W. J. Hollowav takes his farewell benefit, when the nautical • drama " Ship Ahoy !" is to be played. 