PROVINCIAL ITEMS. Tin Australian Eleven were victorious in a match against 22 members of Northern Clubs at Gawlcr on Friday and Saturday last. Dr. 1 >owling, with whom some communication has been held (says the Border IfflfcA) with the id«-a of his undertaking tlie management of a cliccso factory for n company, is expected at Mount Ganibier shortly. Messrs. D. & J. Fowler have written, stating that in the event of a local company not being started they will be inclined to start a factory themselves; but instead of depending on the fnnners for uiilk they will, if possible secure an adequate quantity of ground in the neigMwrhood, and take die whole thing into nieir own hands. . A Register correspondent, writing from Wilcannia on November 15, says:—" I brifly alluded by lost post to the discovery of gold near Mount Poole. I have since learned more particulars. The prospectors have pegged out in the Gorge, aboui\ wx miles below the home station of IXcBritde and Co., Depot Glen. The prospects «We re good, and I hear on trustworthy authority that there is a good supply of water abont' two miles from the claims. Depot Glen is ta about 220 miles from Wilcannia, the mailt track to it being via Dry Creek, Tare!In, Mena Murtie, and Cobhain Lake. There arc about thirty men on the ground, but as^ there is no Commissioner to issue miners' rights or register claims, but little work lias been done. Many here who know tlie country have strong faith in tho value of the discoveiy, but for myself I shall require something more substantial than the exhibition of a few ounces of gold before expressing an opinion." The Narracoorte Herald says that tlie rabbit nuisance is spreading in that district, and urges united action on the part of residents for the extermination of tho pests. _ Sammy Raphael contests Gawler Ward, city, and stands a good chance of being returned. Kohlcr, the wonderful instrumentn'iat, has taken the Academy of Music, Adelaide. Xarracoortc was " got at" by tlie Hon. G. C. Hawker, Commissioner of Public Works, who failed to pay tfiat salubrious spot a visit. There were son.e petitions about tw-enty yards long prepared for present ion, praying for the expenditure of something like £20,000. Those petitions will hold over. Judkins 1 application for a new trial in the libel case Judkins v. Thomas (JReghter) was refused on Monday last by the Chief Justice, Justice Gwynne, and Justice Boucaut Ed ward s ; the pedestrian, failed to accomplibli his task of walking 120 miles in 26 hours at the Exhibition Building. lie walked splendidly, although suffering froin severe illness, and did 116$ miles in the time. A young man named Chapman, whilst out shooting near Truro on Saturday, accidentally shot himself in the breast. The charge lodged in the back of the shoulder blade. Dr. Merten's professional aid was brought into requisition. William Scott, whilst rabbit shooting near Truro on Saturday, shot off his own ear by accident. Mrs. Baeyertz, a Jewish lady, who has renounced the faith of her fathers, is doing good evangelistic work in Adelaide. George Cattern, a laborer, attempted to drown himself in the River Torrens on Sunday evening. Rescued by two men, who saw him jump in, and was taken before Mr. Ifeddome. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickle pepper; and Professor Pepper picks with unabated success increased quantities of coin and popularity. He is coming north . for the express purpose of delighting country bumpkins with bis wonderful il*u»iom and " Pepper's Ghost." " The returns of the staple produce of the colony, exported during the week ended Saturday, November 13, give a total value of £50.471. . Matthew Burnett, the Evangelist and! tenip r ince advocate, is doing the Areas- He preached at Crystal Brook on Sunday: la-t. J ' Dr. Dcane is a probable candidate for the suffrages of the electors of Onkaparinga. On Wednesday last the hoase of Mr. Miatke, Uiverton, was struck by lightning. Thc electric iluid passed through some of the rooms, and struck a bed in which person was reposing. None of the in- mates were injured, but the walls of the building were considerably damaged.— Northern Argus. A Local Court has been established at Minlaton, Yorke's Peninsula, aud will be in the jurisdiction of Mr. Erasmus Gower. S.M. Rumor saith a man named Maloney has been drowned in the lliver Broughton, near Yacka. The bddy of Captain Sunman has been recovered. It was discovered floating past the wharf at Goolwa. Crowncr's quest Verdict, "Accidentallydrowned." A boy named Modystack had tlie index, finger of his right had taken off with a-, mower on Tuesday at Hill River. Charles Dove, a colt breaker of HilH River, was thrown from a horse on Wednesday at Clare. He was seriously injured internally, and is still unconscious. Teiwie intends sporting a local riflfe corpse, as a friend of ours remarked a fewdays since. Herr Yank—e has accepted the position of bum bailiff in tlie district of Plutonia or is going to; it don't much matter which. Mr. G. S. Waterhouse, curator of the Institute Museum, has been instructed to proceed to Port Pirie in compliance witl» the request of tlie Pirie Fanners' Association, to examine and report upon the small insect infesting the crops, and which the members of the association are inclined to believe is tlie cause of red rust i ^ « T " ?l F > h *« been reelected Mayor of Adelaide for the «econd tune unopposed. Thomas R Fogden, late licensed victualler of Beltana, has been sentenced to six months imprisonment by the Commissioner of Insolvency for falsifying J accounts. ° the week ending Saturday, November 13, tbe total quantity of flour exported was 2,505 tons; wheat, 16 SmS iJr and poi,Md ' 7ton8 5 barie *- COURTING isr CHURCH.—A young gj D f]eman happening to ait in church ia a-pew adjoining one which » young ladvoccupied, for whom lie eonceivedairaddetu passion, was desirous of entering into at courtship on tlie spot, and the exigency of the case suggested tlie following plan Ue politely handed his fair neighbor a Bible open, with a pj n stuck in the following text—second epistle of John h / th: -"And now I beseech the^ lady not as though I wrote "a new commandment unto thee, but that which we h a f' n t , ie ^Sinning, tlmt we love one another. She returned It, pointing to the second cbBoterofHuth, veree tenth.-: r ™ e 4 n «be fell on her face, and bowed! herself to the ground, and said unto him,. Why have I found grace in thine eyej «eemg that I am a stranger?'" He re - turned the book, pointing to tbe thirteenth. veree of tbe third epistle of John:— Having many things to write unto you,. not W » I ? te ^ P«Per «nd ink, but 1 tnwt to come unto you end speak face • to face. From the above interview ft* montage subsequently resulted. 