NEWS OF THE DAY. IT is ovidcat from the tenor of the cabio messages ' we publish this 'norning, lli.it tho Eastern question is drawing to a crHs, but as yet Turkey apparently ro- mains inflexible in hor ¡osolvo toignore the decisions of the European Confeience. Thei o is not as yet any approach to au uudeistauding betweon tho Porte and tho Government of Greece as to tho disputo between them ; whilst council« of war are being held in Con fctantmople, and activo preparations mado in view ol' an emergency. Troops aio being massed at im- portant strategic points, and 01 dora have, it is said, boon issued by tho Poito for tho dispatch ot a largo number oc men to tho Dardanelles. Admiral Hobait Pasha, who was Commander-in-Chicl! o£ the Turkish Navy in the leeent war with lîussia, refuses to tike part in any hostilities again ii Groeco. According to tho Daily Kcws, tho french Ambassador at Stam- boul lias warned tho Sidtan that if ho offers re- sistance to tho carrying out of the joint decisions of tho Dther Powers, tho fate of the Khedivo of Egypt will he affected thereby. "With lOgard to Afghanistan, it is rcpoited that Mr. Gladstone's Government is not to bo swerved, by recent events ia that Emplie, from its, resolve to withdraw tho Bvili-.li ti oops from Cabul; and that instructions to withdraw thom aie now being acted upon. CoNSiBciunr.n intoie'st attaches to tho voyage of the Orient Company's sleamship Potosi, as wo undeistind fiom her agents hero that she was dispatched ixoin Eng- land against one ot the imest vessels in the P. and O. Company's subsidised fleet, tho Kaisar-i-Bind. The patter vessel is duo at King George's Sound pt ? 10 o'olook to-morrow night. The Potosi left .Plymouth _at ~1 p.m., on... the 12th June, and reached Adelaide at 11 p.m. on Sunday night. Sho, therefore (allowing for 10'ho'irs difference in timo),made the trip in exactly 30 days, including a call at the Capo, and all other detentions. The Kaisar-i-Hind's English mails were tiansmitted to her on route via Brindisi, and she has thereforo an advantage in that respect over the Potosi, whose voyage was direct from Plymouth to the Cape. Tho Potosi is a magnificent vessel of '1219 tons, and according to the European Mail, the fust and second saloons and engine-rooms aio ' lighted with Piemens' electric apparatus. i Tun P. and O. Company's steamship Kaisar-i-Hind, ' with tho English mails via Brindisi to Juno l8, is | duo at King George's bound at 10 p.m. to-morrow, ¡sho ? is ono of tho largest and tastest vessels of the Com j pany's fleet, and lier airivaLat tho Sound may probably i he announced to-day. ' THE various bills passed through both Houses during I the lato «espion of Parliament have boen published, by authority, iu the form oí supplement to tho Govorn I ment Gazette. They havo all been assentod to hy tho i Governor on behalf of hor Majesty, with the exception j of tho Church and School Lands Dedication Bill and tho Bill to Amend tho Law B.elating to Divorco and Matrimonial Causes, hieb whave been reserved for tho consideration of her Majesty's advisers. THE following have passed the Civil Service Ex- amination :-Bates, Berckelman, Bode, Callachor, Carroll, Cutbush. Dale, Dobbie, Edmunds, S. Edwards, Hart, Higgins, Horniman, Mann, Manning, Molloy, Rinaldi, Samuel, Scroggic, Tibbits, Vogel, Wagstaff, A. E. Watson, Wakeford, and Weekes. A OEXEB,VL meeting of tho City Council-was held at the Town Hall, yesterday, when tho Mayor occupied the chair, and there was a large attendanco of aldormen. After tho transaction of some formal business, letters v'vero road from tho Colonial Secretary to tho effect that the regulations for the guidance of the Council had been confnmcd by tho Governor, and published, and that tho Government could not at the piesent time undertake the introduction of a bill for extending the boundaries of the city in the direction of llandvyick water îererve and Waverley. On the motion of Alderman O'Connor, the resolution approv- ing of the draft bill for tho establishment of a public maiket in Prince Alfred Park waB rescinded by 31 votos to 8. Much of tho remaining business related to the erection of gas-lamps and tho extensions of yyater mains. MR. EDWARD FOBBEST, of Wagga Wagga, but at present residing at tho Temora gold-field, yesterday brought to this ófrica a quantity of gold lately obtained from those diggings. There were amongst them three, nuggets obtained iiom Molloy"s claim. The largost of theso weighs 00 dwts. 1 grs., and is a very handsomo specimen ; the second in size weighs 21 dwts. 2 grs. ; and the third, a peculiarly pimped one, very uko a kangaroo sitting, weighs 16 divts. 7 grs. Thero is also a quantity of smaller gold, bringing tho total weight up to over 4J oz. Tho diggings are situated 85 milos from. Cootamundra raihvay station, and Mr. Forrest says thero are at least 10,00(3 portons on the ground. The field is supposed lo cover au aiea of ground 10 miles long by about four broad, and thero aro both alluvial gold and quarU reefs. Tvvo leads have been discovered leading to Mimosa station, and these, it is belie-ved, will be proved very rich. It wa? reported on Saturday that a nugget weighing 12 oz. had been discovered. With regard to this gold-field the Mragga Advertiser of Saturday says : " It is no»v ascertained that there exist no less than threo distinct leads at the Temora ruili, all of which aro proved, beyond doubt, to ho gold-bearing. Miners, however, arc uuablo to obtain any moro than a prospoct by the dish, in consequenco of waiting till rain comes. Tho »».ant of water is a most lamentable feature on the new gold-field. For the last two months some of the miners have boen piling up their washdirt, and it is still increasing. Specimens aro found occasionally therein which prove the richness of the ground. All seem to have settled down steadily to work. When the rain dot3 come the excitoment will bo at fover heat, for »»here last month there was one minor raising wash dirt theie areuow 50. Old miners describe the locality as bearing very much the appearance of Gulgong. Provisions are very cheap, which is attributable to tho keen competition which exists." WE learn from- a tolegram received from Dr. Ren wick, Executive Commissioner for this colony at the Melbourne Exhibition, that he has made all the neces- sary pioliminary arrangements and taken measures for tho construction of the required boundaries to the 2» ew South Wales Court, and that he intends to leave Mel- bourne for Sydney by the steamship Garonno to-day, accompanied probably by Mr. Joubort. Du. RLSVVICK, M.L.A., the Executive Commissioner for New South Wales at tho Melbourne International Exhibition (says the Melbourno Daily Telegraph), arrived by the overland toute on Thursday afternoon, norn Sydney, accompanied by Mr. Jules Joubert, for the purpose of providing, without delay, for thopioper repie-entation of the sister colony. Tho number of entries, which closed at Sydney on tho 12th instant, is so large, that it may be deemed advisable to procure, if possible, a larger area of space than is at present allotted to New South Wales. The frlentUy co-oper- ation given by Victoria at the Sydney Exhibition has evidently given rise to a warm feeling of reciprocity towards the success of our'. Wo feo! sure that the Melbourne commissioners »v'.ll do all they can to aid. Dr. Bouwick in bringing the object of his visit to a satisfactory conclusion. Tim annual agricultural show, held in connection with the fifth Exhibition of the Queensland National Association was opened ye.-terday. 1 u another column ?will bo found a pretty lull telegraphic report of the show, together with the pri7.es awarded. Ix another co'.umn will be found published the "wasons" of his Honor ¡iir William Manning, furnù-hed for the purpo'os of the plaintiff's appeal to the Piivy Council, in ." Blackburn v. Elavelle." TnTjr.E is no load near to Sydney which of late yeais has been s-o greatly improved as the road load- ing from Parramatta-street to Newtown. Kot very many years ago this read »vas little bettor than a bush track ; and the Univoisity paddocks, as they were then called, were unfenccd, and rendered unsightly by reason of their constant u=o by vehicles when the ordinary tiack was unusually bad. In response to a request made by the residents of Nowtown and the vicinity, the Government consented to widen the road from half a chain to about a chain and a half, and a portion of the University paddocks was dedicated to the publie as a pleasure ground, to which subsequently was given the name of Victoria Tark. This paxk was fenced in with ironbaik palings, but moro recently the palings were replaced by a very neat dwarf wall and iron palisading. The year before la*t a sum of money was voted by the Legislativo Assembly to continue this dwarf wall and railing to tho Sydney end of the Newtown Road, and around tho University premises towards Camperdown ; but for some unaccountable reason tho volo was allowed to slumber for pretty nearly twelvo months. How ever, in May last tenders weie called for the work, and on the 27th ot' that month the tender of Messrs. Goddard and Pitman »vas accepted, and they at once com- menced operations. The contract time is eight months, but they huvo made suoh good progress with their con- tract, that it is probable they will liavo it completed before tho expiration of that time. We notice that some of tho trees in the plantation adjoiningtheN'ewtown P,oad and in a line with the front of the University, have been out down so as to make a carriage drive direct from the road to the University porch, thus giving an excellent view of the l'agado of the University. The half-dozen trees which wore on the causeway when tho University fence was put back to the alignment some three or four 'years since, liavo boen removed. When the whole work is completed, the Newtown Hoad will; bo ono of the heit in the colony. It is also to bo observed'- that tho work of planting and lovolling and otherwiso beautifying Victoria Park is being rapidly piocceded with. lx connection with the Bathurst-stroet Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association the llov. P. H. Cornford, last night, delivered an eloquent and instruc- tive lectura, in the P.athuri-t-strcet Baptist Church, on "Tho Early llistoiy of the Eaith," in which the re- sults of geological ícsearch aud science-having, however, special regard lo the formation and distribu- tion of the coal measures-wero in a very easy and interesting stylo placed before tho auditory. The reverend gentleman also, as may liavo been expected, proceeded also to show ho»v that in no respect did tho proved results of goological science come into collision either with the scriptural story of the creation as re- corded by Moses in tho boole of Genesis, or with the probably still earlier statements in tho book of Job. Tho geological statemento were illustrated by soinoyery good diagrams. -A vote of thanks was accorded"-by acclamation to the rev. gentleman for his valuable lecture. Mr. Robert Bubb presided. THE following is tho test of the Members of General Assembly Expenses Act, 1880, introduced into the New Zealand House of Representatives :-It -is pro- posed by this bill to provide for the payment of every elected member of tho House of Representatives who resides at a distance exceeding three miles from the building or place wherein tho General Assembly is summoned to meet £210 for every session ho attendu, ' and to every member residing yvithin threo miles of each place of meeting £157 for every session he attends. It is fin thor provided that tho honorarium of every morn- i berof tho Legislative Council who resides at a distance , exceeding threo milcB from the place of assembly shall bo j £100 for every session ho attends, but to every member residing within three miles of such place there shall be ' no payment made. Provision is further made that if any member shall absent himself for any number of titling days exceeding five, a proportionate deduction shall be made from the amount payable to him, except in caso of illness. Travelling allowances to the amount of the actual sums reasonably expended are to ho paid to every member living more than three miles from the i place of assembly, in respect of ono journoy to and from such meeting. Exception is made to the pay- i ment of any money beyond travelling expenses to any , member holding Ministerial offices, to the Speaker of either House, or to tho Chairman of Committees of the the Council or House of Representatives. WE learn from the New Zealand papers that Mr. Cowlishaw (of the firm of Cowlishaw and Plaisted), who wa9 a passenger from Melbourne per the Albion, was accidentally drowned at Hokitika. While transhipping in the roadstead, the stage from the Albion to the Waipaia turned over, and Mr. Cowlishaw fell overboard. The night was pitch dark. A MEETING intended to have been held in the New- town Town Hall, last night, to consider the desirable- ness of forming an association having for its object the Legislativo restriction of Chinese immigration, was postponed in consequence of lack of sufficient attendance. THE friends of Mr. J. nenniker Heaton, who is well known in connection with the Evening Neivs and Town enid Counlnj Journal, yvill regret to learn that ho has been for the past few days in an exceedingly dangerous stato of illness. Last night he waa in a most critical condition, and his medical advisers held out but little prospect of his recovery. AN unusually heavy hailstorm broko ovor Manly Beach on 'Saturday o vening, about 7 o'clock, and covered tho ground with hail to tho depth oE six inches in somo places. The hail continued in a con- gealed slate all tho night, and lumps of it wero brought to Sydney by steamer next morning. It is very rare for such unusually cold weather to prevail at Manly Beach. The hailstones wero not large, but still thoy did some damage to plants in the gardens. AT about 11 o'clock yesterday morning the dead body of a littlo child named Mary Ann Cannon, 3 years of age, was found floating in a pond, in about six foot of water, a short distance from the residence of her mother, No. 66, Rushcutter Bay Road. The mother cent iu> mediately for Dr. O'Reilly, taking every means in the intejim to resuscitate the child, but when that gentle- man arrived life yvas found to bo extinct. The circum- stance has been íeporíed to tho City Coroner, and an in- quest yvill probably be held on the remains to- day. Mrs. Cannon states that tho had only missed her daughter for about twenty minutes before the Lody was found, and that tho child must, while playing, have fallen into tho pond. Tnr. following is the report of the Sydney Infirmary for tho week ended July 17,1880 :-Admitted : 40 males, 17 females ; total, 57. Discharged: 84 males, 12 females; total, 46. Died: 1 malo. 2 females; total, 3. Remaining : 157 males, 77 females; total, 201. A SOMEWHAT strange account of the meanness of the Kelly gang (says the Age), yvhich, if true, shows the wretches were not above robbing a poor man, was giyon by a mau named Charles Blown, vyho applied for aid at the Immigrants' Home on Friday. Brown stated that he had recently been employed on a station, and was on his way to Melbourne, and not liking to travel on tho Sabbath day ho stayed at Jones's Hotel, Glen- rowan, on the same Sunday as the Kelly gang stuck up that place, no fiulhcr stated that ho was taken prisoner by the gang, and was robbed by one of the bushrangers of £1 10s., which ho intended to go to Sydney with. Biown, who was accompanied by his wife, appeared to bo a hard- working, respestablo man, and sought rolief principally for his wife. THE South Australian Register states that the Minister of Educat'on received the following telegram from Mr. E. W. Price, the Government Resident in tho Northern Territory :-"Tho 180 oz. of gold stolen from the post-office at Southport has been found in trooper Edvyin Dugald Fergusson's box in the police station, Southport. Ho was the only trooper at Southport, and was in charge of the station. Ho was in company with the postmaster, Mr. Johnston, on tho night pievious to the robbery up to 1 o'clock in the morning. He has been anested. We learn from a telegram from our own correspondent that Ferguson has been brought up before the Police Magistrate on a charge ot stealing and has been lemanded. Five Chinese who wore arrested on the charge of stealing tho gold, and were remanded on Fergueson's evidence, aie to be discharged." AN* outrage unfortunately but too common in the intoriorjis related hythe Braidwood Dispatch:-Mr. William Davies, publican, of Little River, has a pad- dock at Tantulean Cieek, the fences of yvhich have of late been repeatedly pulled down and thrown iutothe creek. A short time sinco Mr. Davies found it neces- sary to institute a prosecution at tho Police Court against a man for interfering with this fence, and secured a conviction (the defendant pleading guilty) and a fine was inflicted. On Sunday Mr. Davies misled from tho paddock in question three young horses, two of which wero by Gladstone, and one, a draught colt, rising three years old, by Mr. Steward's Defiance. A rigorous search was instituted, and on the following day they were discovered about a mile fiom tho pad- dock, further down tho creek, shot. The matter has of cour-o been placed in the hands of the police. Tun Bathurst Free Press states that in tho western portion of the town is situated a pieco of giound on which a building is erected. This property has boen in the occupation of aman whom wo will call Ghost for a length of time, and tho lawful owner up to tho present baa been unable to ejeothim. Being afraid that the law may shoitly be put in force, and that ho may bo com- pelled to give up possession, Ghost has Leen adopting certain plans in order that tho valuo of tho property may bs depreciated. The property has either been purchased or is under offer, ami, in order to frighten any person from purchasing the premises, the man has lately been moving about the paddock near the street covorod yvith a large white shoet, thus attempting to lead peoplo to bolievo that the place was haunted, and that the restless spirits wore exeioising themselves after nightfall. This scheme of his succeeded to his own satis- faction for a time, until a few nights ago a young man was passing tho spot referred to, when suddenly hu saw what he took to bo a ghost. He was alarmed, and in his fright stood motionless in tho street, when seeing the " spbit .' moving towards him ho became still moro alarmed, no had with him a faithful dog, and, calling tho animal by name, told him to " take to bim." Tho dog obeyed his master's command and made straight for tho " spirit,'' who, noticing the turu mattois had taken, endeavomod to seek shelter in the house ; hut beforo bo had gone far the dog seized tho sheet with yvhjeh ho was covered, tearing it from top to bottom and ex- posing to view the body of the man. The dog then made for his legs.and gave the ghost somo sovoro bitos. The spirit tried to kick the dog off, and while doing this tho young man, who by this time had recovored from j his fright, threw a stone at him and struck him in tho I small of the back. The additional pain caused by this blow made tho man'cry aloud and use language tho i reverso oi! polite. IN regard to tho outrigger race, pulled on Saturday, Mr. .Tames Punch disclaims having had any connection with tho affair beyond being stakeholder. Tunmembeis half-yearly meeting of tho Young Men's Christian Association will be held tins evening. 