A RACE OF SLAVES. (agoblin tale fok the new year.) Mr. McLucky, as all his friends ara willing to testify, is an ordinary matter- of-fact gentle man, as little given to romancing as to tight rope danc'lug. Moreover, Mr. McLucky was addicted to sobriety, and would, presumably, be the last person iu the world to people his surrounding atmosphere with non- existent creatures of fancy. If any person declared his belief in ghosts or Spirits in McLucky'a hearing, that matter-of-fact man would cast upon the spiritist speaker a glance of pity or contempt, and say— " Certificate of two medical men wanted or else, " Give him a bottle of sodawater!" It was surprising, thareforo, that one day during the holidays, Mr. McLucky, sitting in His own arm-chair, should look up from the paper he had been reading, aud behold, standing in the doorway, a. real veritable sph'it. There was no mistake about its un earthliness, for though you couldn't make out the manner of its production, the thing itself was very easily seen tlirsugh. This semi-transparent spirit was a little fellow like the gnomes that are found in fairy tale books —a comical little chap with a very large head, a pointed cap, a spiked nose, and a mouth that seemed to go all round his face and work on his ears for engines. Surpris ing as it was that McLucky should have such a visitor, it was more surprising to Mac that the visit caused him no surprise. His hair did not stand on end, his knees remained uukuocked, his blood ^vouldn't chill, and his hair, despite the fact that tlu-jelection time.was near, refused point blank to stand. McLucky almost felt as if this was a pre- arranged ap pointment. and that he had been expecting the little gnome all the day. '•Nice weather for the holidays, Mac,' said the unearthly one in a cheerful and decidedly earthly tone of voice. . " Yes," replied Mac, in as calm a manuer as lie would use towards any of his ordinary acquaintances. " If New Year's Day be only fine, we shan't have had any reason to com plain. ' , "Well," said the visitor, "We have no time to spare. Wo had better be moving at once if you have no objection." " All right," said McLucky, as he rose from his chair and passed out into the street, the little Gnome following by his side. They moved along the street for a little distance, and presently the Gnome paused before a house. " Let us go in here first," said the Gnome, taking McLucky by tiie hand. The door of the house was closed, but the Unearthly and the Earthly one seemed to pass through it as easily as if the stout wood had been but un resisting air. . The room into which they glided contained two beings, a very young child and its little uursegirf. The latter was asleep, and the babe was drawing milk and bubbles from a bottle through an india-rubber tube. "This child is surely too youug to be brought up upon the bottle," said McLucky. " It will be very unhealthy if it lives at all. Has it no mother!" "It has," replied the Gnome, but she is one of a race of slaves who obey the Giant of To-Day. This child may starve and die, or as you say, may live and grow in sickli ness and disease, but the mother must obey the instincts of her race, and serve out the sentence imposed upon her by that Monster, whose yoke she seems powerless to shake off. Come, let us see her bearing her burden." They glided through t"ie walls, and along the street, stopping before a large mansion, whose open door vomited forth a huge blaze of Unlit. McLucky, following the Gnome, passed through the spacious hall, and into the ball-room where the guest3 were engaged dancing. The ladies had their arms and shoulders bare, aud their waists pinched into one half the natural circumference. Their faces and arms weie covered with a dele terious powder that choked up the pores and injured the surfaco of the akin. Yet they danced and perspired, and smiled, although their tight stays impeded any healthful exer cise, as much as the powder hindered health ful perspiration, or the grimness of their in cessant labour rendered mirth a wretched mockery. " The mother of the child you saw," said the Gnome, " is one of the dancers. Terrible work all these people go through hour after hour." " But I suppose they get well paid for it! enquired Mac. "Not at all. They pay for the privilege of doing this labour; and some of them pay precious dearly. Ah, my friend, its bad enough to be a slave, and work for an un feeling giant, but its worse still to have to pay him tribute of both health and wealth in addition. Let us move on." The Gnome led the way for McLucky, who, strange to say, took everything as amatter of course, and felt no more concern about the appearance of his queer companion than if the Gnome had been as commonplace-look ing an individual as a member of Parliament. They came upon a crowd of human beings struggling to get into a railway carriage. These beings pushed, and pulled, and jostled, and fought their way into little stuffy carriages. Packed as closely as sardines in a box, they fumed, and perspired, and stewed slowly away for an hour until they reached the seaside. They looked vacantly at the water, and drank brandy- and-ditto. They ate as much as they could of the most indiges tible food for dinner, had more spirits and water, aud fighting, and struggling into the sardine-boxes as before, thsy simmered into town again. " What fearfully exhausting labour those people go 'through," said McLucky; aud how terribly it must tell on their constitu tions. Now what do they get paid per hour for such a hard day's work?" " Paid!" laughed the Gn-ime, with a little demoniacal chuckle, "Paid! Nothing, of course. They too are slaves of the. Giant of To-day—the hard task.-master who. only pays in aches and pains', diseases and death." The Gnome and Mr. McLucky, still going with the crowd, surged into a vast 'theatre, unhealthily smelling and badly ventilated— where the gas was the only thing that con sumed fresh air. 'Hour after hour the crowd of human beings sat looking; at the stage, and bathed in a Turkish bath of perspiration striving to smile at jokes that were old be fore Queen Anne died, and Jmaking- believo to be amused. When the performance was over the heated and perspiring crowd came out into the open air, and caught cold. Then they went home and ate liearty and indigestible suppers, and drank largely of intoxicating liquors, saying as they did ao, " Well, it only comes onca a year, you know.'' , . After this, , these hard-working human beings went to their beds, and tossed about in restless nightmare and unrefreshing slumber, and woke in the morning,with dull heavy eyes and aching heads; and; vowed that they would be slaves no more, j And when the next opportunity occurred; they ac cepted their yoke of serfdom as slavishly as before. . " This is a terrible state of affairs," said McLucky. " I wouldn't liave believed it if I hadn't seen it. What is the name of this Giant of To-Day, this Terrible Oligarch, that has made this people a'nation of slaves?" " He is,called Enjoyment by his, slaves," said the Gnome. ; "But- hi® father was named Custom, and his mother Discomfort. Every Christmas and New Year's tima this Monster of Civilisation " " Whatever is the matter with the man sleeping and snorting there," said Mrs. McLucky, as she shook her hushaud. "This comes of eating too much of Christmas good things. Now Mac, we are going dowii to Brighton to-morrow, and to the pantomime [ in the evening, and nftor the pantomime we're all going down to mother's to dance | the old year out and tha new year in." j " Don't yon think, my dear," said McLueky, " that there more healthful ways of enjoying " " Bother!'' said Mrs. Mac. " Christmas only comes once a year, and why shouldn't we enjoy ourselves the saino as our neigh bours'/ When at Rome do as Rome does." " True," thought McLucky. "That point never struck 1110 while I was going round with my little friend, the Gnome. It might he very awkward after all to bo a free man in a country whel'o all the rent wofo slaves. I wonder what the slaves would do with him}" Put him in a lunatic asylum probably.— Melbourne Punch. 