THE CLOSING SCENE. I Within the sober realm of leafless trees The russet year inhaled the dreamy air, Like some tanned reaper in his hour of ease,• • When all the fields are lying brown and bare. The grey barns, looking from their hazy hills O'er the dun waters widening in the vales, Sent down the air a greeting to the mills On the dull thunder of alternate flails. All sights were mellowed and all sounds subdued, The hills seemed further and the stream sang low, As in a dream the distant woodman hewed TTis winter log with many a muffled blow. The embattled forests, erewhile aimed with gold, The banner bright with every martial hue. Now stood, like some sad, beaten host of old. Withdrawn afar in Time's remotest blue. On sombre wings the vulture tried his flight, The dove scarce heard his sighing mate's complaint, And, like a star, slow drowning in the light, The village church vane seemed to pale and faint. The sentinel cock upon the hill-side crew— Grew thrice—and all was stiller than before; Silent, till some replying warden blew Tfis alien born, and then was heard no more. Where erst the jay, within the elm's tall crest, Made garrulous trouble round her unfledged young, And where the oriole swung her swaying nest, By every light wind like a censer swung ; Where sang the noisy martins of the eaves, The busy swallows circling ever near, foreboding—as the rustic mind believes— An early harvest and a plenteous year ; Where every bird that walked the vernal feast Shook the sweet slumber from its wings at morn, To warn the reaper of the rosy east— AIL now was sunless, empty, and forlorn. Alone, from out the stubble, piped the quail, And croaked the crow through all the dreary gloom; Alone the pheasant, drumming in the vale, Made echo in the distance to the cottage loom. There was no bud, no bloom, upon the bowers, The spiders weaved their thin shrouds night by night. The thistledown, the only ghost of flowers, Sailed slowly by—passed noiseless out of sight. Amid all this, in this most dreary air, And where the woodbine sseds upon the porch Its crimson leaves, as if the year stood there, firing the floor with its inverted torch; Amid all this, the centre of the scene, The white-haired matron, with monotonous tread, Piled the swift wheel, and with her joyless mein Sat like fate, and watched the flying thread. She had known Sorrow. He had walked with her, Oft supped and broke with her the ashen crust, And in the dead leaves she still heard the stir Of his thick mantle trailing in the dust. While yet her cheek was bright with summer bloom, Her country summoned, and she gave her all; And twice War bowed to her his sable plame— Regave the sword, to rust upon the walL Regave the sword, but not the hand that drew, And struck for liberty the trying blow, Nor him who, to his sire and_ country true, fell 'mid the ranks of the invading foe. Long, hut not loud, the droning wheel went on, Like the low murmur.of a hive at noon; Long, hut not loud, the memory of the gone Breathed through her lips a sad and tremulous tone. At last the thread was snapped, her head was bowed, Life dropped the distaff through her hands serene; And loving neighbours soothed her careful shroud, While death and winter closed the autumn scene. 