REUTER'S CABLEGRAMS. LOKDON, September 13. 1' There is no settlement iu reference -to Dul- . cigno. The Turkish General there has been instructed not to resist a forcible occupation by the Montenegrins if attempted. September 14. The police, acting on information received, discovered a quantity of dynamite close to the railway line, near Bushby, Hereford shire, over which a passenger train was about ' to pass. No motive for the intended outrage has been discovered. Notwithstanding their previous reluctance theFreneh Government have sent their contin gent to the combined fleet to Bagusa* where they remain at present. WHAT has become of the eruption of Hospital sub-Committee meetings that broke oat last mouth. There was the Committee (the |eggs must be all addled by this time); then I there was the Haick Committee overlaid. The | Rules Committee for Secretary and Wardsman i" burst up." Drag Committee not yet cpera ! ted, some of the wholesale houses in Brisbane iand Sydney professing an unwillingness to in i jure good customers-the local chemiBta. The Building Committee is also out taking levels and surveying sites. It is as well, perhaps, that matters should settle down and "con crete." Tbe rerolutionary. matter thrown op I was of too fiery and molten a character to be I manipulated to any good purpose, it will cool down after a while, and be capable of useful j adaptation. Action and re- action is a lav of ] Nature, from the dust on a broom-handle to ths satellites of Jupiter. From both motions ; result regulated and efficient drier. This <nust i happen in all institutions, and even our Hos | pital Committee must submit to this universal ! law. OWING to the late arrival of mail steamer there it w> Southemmail ex- \ pected to-mom>w. ???.'-"S^r , WE use informed that Mr.. ifccffe jSfadk'J bought from Mr. Smollett, this week, * in the Identity p.c. for £2000cash. Tra weather appeared to test «i ftussdav ?*? wasthimder wtiong.i Wu axe' infoimedthat jgdod to the Rod. iBiy^laraiii^^ line to the Beid in another monih. We havB not yet heard whether the linewiUfceepenfor ] i. - Tlie ~ ' " "J". here stated that the line would be ap^Withej fteidby theend of September, W« wonU ^viBe tiie pe(^lB ^ B(iweiito get thenames of all qualified -petaonB on the electoral roll before tl^ lafc ^itictol^ . There j axe several perspns Jn the outlying districts,, especially jnin«s, whoee name® are Jiot yet >on the rolL The Pistrict Associatio&anBowen; ebonld take ibis matter vsp without delay. j WewouHadyiBe our friends «£ the Cape to ] fcilfp mintl»r jumuitjinwi. THE jwnpmlaon of the Mayor, with Crs. | Biuder, Buckland, Hishon, MilU ssd Hwmanri j -«x out of the nine members composing^ the by a cinalliBe^m^^e rate- j payers in sdppoi&ng; auditor Bassefl. Audi-' ell and G^ynn Jbaye^ also «ent i _, _ THtlO - I lock. I ton Russell » & i.juu «»«c nuu wit u their resignations. Thia wfll bring on a dead loefc " The remaining m"-^ -^ ^ ^- M Crs. St. Vincent, Lamond and Grogan, cannot receivethe resignations, not heing a ^Borem. They may, perhaps, form themselves into aj Triumvirate to rale the town. The Town Clerk remains " boss " ot the otoatiss. . ?. RETURN of Operations at the Government Savings Bank for the month of August1880: New accounts opened, 823\ accounts closed, 392; Increase in number o f accounts, 135; number of deposits, 3511 number of wi& drawls, 1764^ total sum deposited, £44,509 lis. Sd.; total «um withdrawn, | £36,156 18s. 6d.; amount to the credit of 116914 depositors on. the 31st August 1680, £708,447? 12s. 13d.; amount to the credit cf 16849 depositors on the 31st July 1810, £699,737 7e. 5d.; increase _for the month of August, £8710 4s. lOd. AT the Licensing Court on Tuesday, before 1 P. F. Sellheim, Esq., P.ftt,, Mesas. Boss and Plant, tiie application of William Batlaod for ; an auctioneer's license was objected to by the Police on the grounds that he was not a fit &nd; proper person to hold such a license, and had refused to furnish account sales to one Francis Falkner. The appticatbn was ^refused. A, transfer was granted 4o F. F. Symoads, Carriers' Arms, Dalrymple, and a new license was granted to W. G. Symonds, Nulla Nulla Hotel, on'Bie Flinders Road. A provisional certificate was granted to James Sogers for% house in Mosman-street. ir< A Eegistbatiov and Revision Court wOl be held here on the 5th October. Persons who have resided for six months in the district whose names are not on the electoral roll should not neglect to get themselves enrolled. The means for doing so are within anyone's reach. If a person is even in the bush and cannot attend the Ckmrt, by sending in a, pro perly filled application to the Cjerk of Ptetty Sessions he can obtain the right to vote. It is pot at all unlikely that we may have a general election very soon. The rolls made up after the October Revision Co art will be used, Every liberal in the district should now qualify himself. The Scandinavians and Ger mans who have been settled here some tame should look up new arrivals anmng their countrymen aad get them enrolled. j IN the action Miles v McHwraith the plain- ' :a j j ? . - ww up asy ucitUlQ' | ant. The pleas set np were :-First, that the charter party of the vessel! Scottish Hero was 1 controlled by another agreement between the. defendant and Mellwrart'i, MTSacharn, and Co; second that defendant was only owner as trus tee of his marriage settlement; and. third, that defendant's seat was not declared vacant by the Elections and Qualifications Committee, which, he holds, was a condition precedent to , the action.-The jndgment of the court was given on the 13th in favor of plaintiff and the demurrer was allowed. Mr. Griffith who ap peared for plaintiff scores "one," Ifthe ? | allegations in the petition are proved ae ap- j pears very likely, McHwraith will lose his seat < I and, forfeit £500 a day, every day since the j I session opened. That amount is re coverable, but the actual amount sued for is £2500. Palmer is likely to be let in for irimila.1- punishment. With such a con tingency before them we should not be sur prised if they went to the country at once and; so escaped the difficulty. ALBEBT CAErwfiiGHT, an old miner in the North, died on Tuesday morning, at the j Broughton, from congestion of the brain. He was buried in the afternoon on Tuesday. Drs. Heinemann and Kennedy attended the de ceased. He was shareholder in the. Severn p.c. and made a rise " in that claim. Ac cession of wealth, as in many other, cases, proved an evil to him, and probably hastened his death, as be has been constantly drinlring ever since. There was some talk of m airing an application .to hold an inquest, it having been stated that he became delirious after | taking the medicine prescribed, and never re- j covered consciousness after. Those "yarns " are generally started without reflection, and. when examined are found generally to contain ; no truth. The fact that the deceased was j attended by two medical men should shnt the, mouths of tatters. A man who had d^troyed hisconsiatoiaonby long con tinned excesses in j drink might, without any extraordinary ckubb, j have became delirions befot^ 'bis death. - We should say it would be quite the natural con sequence. ' i been verv kindly placed at our diepoealfor ilicafcion:-Sunday before last myself, m <a Iwunfcerl, and Honston, the school with *lw~t>3acuB: .i% JSa-.-aeraiB.*, ioing to stuniMefl e act both barrels pill I radr.S!M&HUMCMe; X , but 1,119 hapj^tosay he isdoing A IbuXbgpMpliqs$W4fer,«» |j(jPlM pn Tnssday. The Board refnwed tlie Ljpe«ie»jeam gi&iB; acoount salet, ^^roigrated^to jCooktown, and now lie returns like abad penny to Chattels Towers. A Scaadinavian and GemuD ball ihJyWniiit'" 3bt4v«ttae^ I wassigued ^BbbH Schmidt. - This WAB a mete , Mr. Rutland taking this nameto attract I ie CkUiii ^e ball £p|! h^aadthft Wtdherlir: SntUnd, «luw Aluert Schmidt, cdHared &4 in win or not does notappear. TSie GemMn* and Scandinavians who got tip the ball #h«*ild j op(|^ ibis slur reston-them. 31fi Toyrera is over-stocked. (oi tiiere is so vwancy for Mr. &uU;^ )ta«;; heJiad better "hump his ig"baokto Cooktown. It u not «bm^i l» John Macroesan to; utter hiBcaluraniee in-tiie Awvwnbly against jTiMiiattiB^nBmtMwi gramthat the Courier It&OBed; to publish the Hansard containing flimi but he jsmtsend a letter all the way to Towers, whioh isptiblished in the Towers Herald, repeating these libellous jJnmniwi. . UacuffiaiilD liis placein Parlia ment iaprivileged to call Thomas ffwnilton ^ a scoundrel of the first water, " and that be mfcy be Bsnton theroadsfcr a period tol yesis, bat a newspaper is i^so privileged, and Mr. Thomas ffMniltnn will be bonnd to defend himself. We have heard from men of integrity and truth here flat Thomas Hamilton is a in an of sterling honor, and that no stain, has ever rested on his character. lion is now going on, and while tbe case ib sub judice it is a crael and^feo^ardly thing for any newspaper to call HijBwjp a scoundrel and 'only fit for -penal, servitude. >. ~r..'---? has said as mnehin^jw^J^ittofa^8 if he unshed to cmndate^ihe £te-; ters Covets also. Uieteis nOthihg intiiB Evi dence taken to raise ajiy en^doa, riE ;Mr. ; HamUon's honesty. Thfrtnostlliat can'be said is that he was silent wlulst a. swindle w&s; being worked, he says it was Mawdiiita^iiily. to speak and not his. We xftfrain from any i comments on the evidence until the .case is concluded, nor do we give one-sided extracts: all against Hamilton, suppressing what is damaging to the Mcllwraith clan. Nothing Macrossan or.the whole Government can say ] will remove the well -founded impression so robbed of £00,000 by thenegleet of the Go Tmt lateness of the hour at .which the play | was over our Monday night, past 11 o'clock,' I prevented our noticing more than the jchief performers in Hamlet. The piece ?"was per | formed under great difficulties. The stage was j altogether too small for the proper represen tation of such a play as Hamlet, which requi res great space. The poor ghost had a ter rible time of it, brought so close to the foot lights, and the illusion created by distance and | obscurity-both accessories obtainable im -a, large stage-was with difficulty kept up.: Mr. C. Seagrave as Horatio did full justice "to: | that character and his acting was spirited~and | Mr. C. A-Tyrell, as Laertes, was well; | finished and tratifaL Mr. W. Seagrave, asj i Claudius, H"ing of Bezunad^, fitted tie eha- ; raster as if he was bom to it, Iil thecloset | scene, where he gives expression to his re-1 morse, Ids full voice and clear enunciation out every point of tie im_; speech of the King vrere very: I effective. Miss C. Wilson as the Queen was well suited to the part and filled it; i very gracefully. Miss A. Wilson in the Play Scene -was very effective. She promises to become an accomplished actress in light and edy. On Tuesday night, the Scotch Maitiage was repeated to a good house, i followed by ;sm Olio. Those Olios do not I Bmall well in the public nostrils. The change from real good pieces like the Scotch Marriage t»o such stuff as the Olio is a little too abrupt. We would advise the company to adopt some means of i3«wmg ont the " whistles," it is too bad that 200 or 300 people sitting quiet should be persecuted by half a dozen UgBihiw. It I would pay the company to pounce on those: gentry and band them out. The grown people who sit in tiie vicinity of those 'hoodlums: falmnM "plug" them. Hat is an effective ; way, but the grown people dont take the' trouble. Ija&t; night was produced before a fair house Don Cffisar de Biao, an oper atic drama well suited to ihemetier of Oe company. All the op&atic; gems from Mantana were sung, and the hearty applause of the audience testified to their appreciation of high class music. Mfr'Morgan sang "&t; me Ife a soldier fall" with great spirit and was loudly applauded. Tkepl&y; was put on the stage jn superior style, the dresses being magnifiwrnt- Mr. Dillon as Don Cesser was happy in « character that just suited him, rollicking gay and jolly- This rule he plays better than high tragedy. Mr. W. Seagrave «nnA*, a good heavy villain, and Mr. C. A. IVndl was a graceful Charles H. The Marquis de Jiotundo and his Marchioness were immpniiftj «m«l afforded great amusement. Miss Pender as Maxitana was not quite at home. It was rattier too grave "for her. The piece went very smoothly, and was highly enjoyed by <JiB audience. ' The farce of "Tarn : Kim Ont " closed a very enjoyable evening. To-night the Lady of Lyons will be produced. This popular piece Is sure to draw a good imm»J On Friday night, the mythological comedy of -Pygmalion and Galatea will be played, to be followed tgr the burlesque | Bichard HI is in courseof prepar \\-alueand tifiOT^c cannot compCiii of the i bill of fare, it is new every night. The pub licans say the players are collaring all the money. Well, tt is fair that thepublicanB should knock off^or a while easing tfie miners c£!fiiidr dollars, iuddlet some omers bave a *mn The publicans should not growl over the matter. Thsy have all the rest of Uie year to milk tiie nunoiB.' IjettthefbyershAVB their innhiy now. THie money, after aSL is better spent in witnessing good acting than in drinking doubtful brandy or "Sprigj 3i6n4aid4ue*iaF lii any esse, m not.sro think We " "" Jdy, aboiit . ^ We expect iltmEmiir lor a ^mawa jIbl lose their seats or .M quarrels and mate iffie common enemy >«ftaa- - " fee, . feey mddleid imS woi ta one BoKdbody nnder the «e «# fee great "Dawnsville Warming fan, |um Deanfi, feey have a. Jndaefccariot " wbo sanies Die bag/ fwwwutjiwg jbtdjwatojriip bejetma Jorfe, but Ik can ^swys find a dejmty,~aiid Baas Batii^iGW wlKg, telus a wotting \- do are seduced into flie Macnman contingent here, bat many of Palmer's firmest supporters have xewnmced him? and many former supporters of MacroBsan have been fanned againBt him byluB later insnltetofeemGflecfCaiaii^ Towers and its Municipal ?aane0.r Notwithstanding 4 drfectionof many respectable sujjptftierB of both Maeroas&n; and Palmer, tiitn .« a united and unBcrnpulouB-crowd here stall sworn to' "do and die" for Maenoes&n; and hiepari lb another monih.the Inkermann conbngt will have crossed fee Range, find feey will be within hail of Chalfe'S'Towers. In the event of anelei&on; titty wOl^tnntnn tip'and by wmifitaiBlil MiiaiBla^'feiai^^fte .scenes? fee Burdekin Bridge "aft-fee laSt general; election, and of Tftfrrnnmni at fee late Bowen election. We can-eee-already feat if .fee Liberals of .fee electorate remain divided i&nd; i dismiited feat the Ministry will obtain a vie tory here. We believe if Mr. Stubley came; np and becould remove fee present bitter Seeling Against him, - and nmte' feedmdedranbBoffeeXJberals. If there in any raose in thework of fee session we trust be wulmake anopport^^aiid visit Char! tera Towers, if Vnidy £or it lew days. jEEs best friends.have been cooling towards him, and it ia due to feem and afl hte supporters to explain and justify his conduct. Whether he should do so tiri^ feere remains fee question -what should be done in view of a probable dissolu tion. 