CATCHING THE KELLYS. A PERSONAL NARRATIVE OF ONE WHO WENT IN THE SPECIAL TRAIN. [Abridged from the Australasian.] I left home last Sunday evening (June 27) about 7 o’clock, with the intention of passing an hour or so, and enjoying a glass of grog, with an old friend in Melbourne. Happening to look in at the Argus office on my way to his house, I found that a telegram had just been received from Beechworth with the startling intelligence that “the Kellys had broken out again and shot a man.” Knowing that I should have to start as soon as possible for the scene of the outrage, I turned to Bradshaw, and finding that I could not leave for Beechworth until 10 minutes past 6 on the Monday morn- ing, I continued my journey to pay my promised visit. I had enjoyed my friend’s hospitality for about the space of 15 minutes, in his comfortable armchair by the side of a blazing fire, when the following letter was placed in my hands :-— “Dear—, — A special train starts for Beechworth at 9 to- night. — Yours,—” There was no help for it. The invitation was too press- ing to refuse, and in a few minutes I had left the cheerful fire and the hot toddy, and the comfortable armchair, behind me, and was on my way to the Spencer-street station, hav- ing previously requisitioned a felt hat, a big pair of woollen gloves, and three pound notes from another friend. On the platform I met the representatives of the three morning journals. Knowing that we had a long ride before us, we organised a foraging expedition in the neighbourhood of the station, but only succeeded in annexing a small loaf of bread and a little whisky and water in a bottle. We waited a long time in the expectation that some of the heads of the police, perhaps even the Chief Commissioner himself, would take advantage of the special, but we waited in vain, and it was three minutes to 10 when the train consisting of engine, one carriage, and brake-van passed out of the Melbourne yard on its most eventful journey. We picked up Inspector O‘Connor and his black trackers at Essendon, and Mrs. O‘Connor and her sister. We reached Benalla at half-past 2, and Superintendent Hare and his men now joined us, to- gether with two trucks containing the troopers’ horses. All sorts of rumours were flying about at Benalla. Some had heard that the Kelly sympathisers intended putting logs across the line ; others told us that the line had been torn up, and that the Kellys were waiting to rake the train. All the persons on the platform seemed to have heard or anticipated something, and it was this that induced Super- intendent Hare to tie a man in front of the engine to keep a look out. But he subsequently changed his mind on find- ing that another locomotive, with steam up, was ready ín the yard. This engine, with red lights hung behind, was utilised as a pilot, and went ahead of the special at a dis- tance of about half a mile. When within half a mile of Glenrowan station the train began to draw up, and on looking out we saw that the pilot was coming back again. Our train drew to a standstill in a small cutting, the top of the embankment of which was a little higher than a railway carriage, so that, if the bush- rangers had felt so disposed, they could have poured their fire through the roof very comfortably, and it would have been most difficult to return their compliments with any effect. When the pilot engine got back to us, we then learn- ed for certain that the line had been really torn up about half a mile beyond the Glenrowan station, but it was not known by whom. Superintendent Hare and two men then got on to the pilot engine and went slowly ahead. All lights having been put out, the train moved along slowly till we reached the station. Superintendent Hare at once gave orders to get the horses out, and the men had barely com- menced to do so, when a man in the most excited state ran up to those who were standing on the platform, and gasped out, in a series of convulsive jerks :— “ Over there — the Kellys — not five minutes ago — stuck us all up — the four of them — quick, quick !” Superintendent Hare at once seized his rifle, and calling out “ Come along, boys,” dashed across towards the house, which could just be dimly discerned about 200 yards away. The men followed him at once, and the horses, left to themselves, bolted pell-mell into a paddock at the Wanga- ratta end of the platform. A second or two afterwards the first shot was fired from the east end of the verandah instantly followed by a dozen others, until the whole of the front of the house seemed a blaze of light. The police replied instantly, but, not having time to scatter, the whole of their fire came from one spot. After two or three volleys the firing ceased altogether. Everything remained quiet for about an hour, except an uneasy movement now and then amongst the horses in the paddock, as if some one was trying to catch one. At the end of that time, in or near the hotel we heard a woman screaming in the most heart- rending manner, “ They’ve killed my child! Oh ! the wretches, they’ve killed my child.” Independent firing now re-com- menced, and we heard men’s voices yelling out from what seemed the back part of the building “ Fire-away, you ——, you can’t hurt us,” followed by a noise like the ring of a hammer on an anvil. Daylight cane at last, and with it came Sergeant Steele and his men from Wangaratta. They at once joined the other police, and considerably strengthened the cordon around the inn. And now occurred the most sensational event of the day. We were watching the attack from the rear of the station at the west end, when suddenly we noticed one or two of the men on the extreme right, with their backs turned to the hotel, firing at something in the bush. Presently we noticed a very tall figure in white, stalking slowly along in the direction of the hotel. There was no head visible, and in the dim light of morning, with, the steam rising from the ground, it looked, for all the world, like the ghost of Hamlet’s father with no head, only a very long, thick neck. Those who were standing with me did not see it for some time, and I was too intent on watching its movements to point it out to others. The figure con- tinued gradually to advance, stopping every now and then, and moving what looked like its headless neck slowly and mechanically round, and then raising one foot on to a log, and aiming and firing a rerolver. Shot after shot was fired at it, but without effect, the figure generally replying by tapping the butt end of its revolver against its neck, the blows ringing out with the clearness and distinctness of a bell in the morning air. It certainly was the most extraordinary sight I ever saw or read of in my life, and I felt fairly spell-bound with wonder, and I could not stir or speak. Presently the figure moved towards a dip in the ground near to some white dead timber, and, more men coming up, the firing got warmer. Still the figure kept erect, tapping its neck and using its weapon on its assailants. At this moment I noticed a man in a small round tweed hat stealing up on the left of the figure, and when within about 30 paces of it firing low two shots in quick succession. The figure staggered and reeled like a drunken man, and in a few moments after- wards fell near the dead timber. The spell was then broken, and we all rushed forward to see who and what our ghostly antagonist was. Quicker than I can write it, we were upon him ; the iron mask was torn off, and there, in the broad light of day, were the features of the veritable bloodthirsty Ned Kelly himself ! We soon stripped him of his armour and carried him to the station, and placed him on a bunk in one of the rooms. He complained very much of cold feet, and we filled a kerosene tin with water, made it hot, and placed it to them, having previously cut off his boots. He fainted once or twice, but uttered no word of complaint about his wounds. I had several conversations with him, and he told me that he was sick of his life, as he was hunted like a dog, and could get no rest, and didn’t care a d— what became of him. I asked him what the armour busi- ness meant, and he said he intended to fight it out, and “paste as many of the traps” as he could before they had him. I left Kelly and went outside, when I heard the police giving the remaining members of the gang and all who were in the inn their last warning. I don’t know who it was called out, but these were the words, “All those inside there had better surrender at once ; we will give you 10 minutes to do so ; after that time we shall fire volleys into the house.” Instantly a white handkerchief was seen to wave from the doorsway, and at the same moment some 25 persons rushed out towards the police line with their hands held high up above their heads. They rushed towards us, crying out in piteous accents, “Don’t fire ! For God’s sake don’t shoot us ; don’t, pray don’t !” They were here ordered to lie down, which they obeyed at once, all falling flat on their stomachs, with their hands still in the air. It was a remarkable scene, and the faces of the poor fellows were blanched with fear, and some of them looked as if they were out of their minds. At a quarter to 3 o’clock a sharp rattle of rifles was heard, and a man was seen advancing from the west end of the house with a large pile of straw, which he placed against the weatherboards and lighted. The flames quickly ran up the side of the house and caught the canvas ceiling. In about 10 minutes the whole of the roof was in a blaze. Just at this moment a priest (who turned out to be the Very Rev. M. Gibney, of Perth) was seen going up quickly to the front of the house. The crowd closed in after him, and in a few moments the door was burst open. Four men rushed in, and soon reappeared, dragging out the body of Byrne, who still wore his breastplate. He had a number of rings on his hands, and had boots made after the style of Ned Kelly’s. In the meantime, the unfortunate man Cherry, who was wounded to death, was drawn out at the back of the house, and the priest anointed him, and in a few moments after he calmly passed away. The bodies of Dan Kelly and Hart could not be plainly seen amongst the flames, lying nearly at right angles to each other, their arms drawn up and their knees bent, and I feel perfectly certain that they were dead long before the house was fired. Mrs. Skillion and Kate Kelly stood at the railway gates watching the inn burning, and when the charred remains of their brother were brought out, howled loudly and lustily over the blackened bones. At a quarter-past 3 the roof fell in, and the flames whirl- ed up to heaven, and myriads of sparks danced through the air us if with delight at the thought that three as cold- blooded murderers as ever walked the earth since the days of Cain had expiated their crimes on a fiery altar, and that the fourth was lying waiting for the rope to be put round his neck by Citizen Gately. 