She §i[¡í)lume ôfotti[(ciî, PUBLISHED DAILY. Wednesday, October SO, lSSO. The Pacific Islands Laborers Bill passed through committee on Monday night, and unless important alterations 110 made in the Council, his assumed the shape in which it will appear on the statute book It is on the whole a good bill, and its substitution for the existing administrative machinery, consisting of the old Act with a framework of regulations, will we believe be productive of of much good The bill recognizes the existence of Kanaka labor is a necessity, but taking it under) its control, defines and rigidly limits its application No doubt it belongs to that kind of legislation which is objected to by the extreme advocates of non interference with private enterprise It forbids the employs to get his labor where or how he finds most con A orient But it is in accordance with the policy which this community has deliberately adopted, that of regarding the settlement of a European people, capable of forming a homogeneous society, as the fast consideration We are anxious to do crop our resources by the quickest and surest means, provided always that the development shall not interfere with the realisation of this hope Two important alterations were sung Bested in the course of Monday night's debate One was that proposed in various shapes by Mr King, and ultimately adopted in the form of a short clause for bidding employers to employ islanders for a longer period than seven days except under the provisions of the bill, the clause to come into effect after December 31, 1881 This clause is intended to prevent the gradual growth of a floating Polynesian population Already there are a considerable number of boys' in the colony who, having completed their terms of agreement, are competing in the open labor market with white men and women, and although working for higher wages than those given to the indented islanders, still nndeibidding the ordinary European laborer It is evident that we would stultify ourselves if-after legislating to prohibit an influx of Chinese, and to confine freshly imported Kanakas to 1 few rigidly defined occupations, 111 order to prevent the displacement of white men who are likely to become permanent settlers and citizens we were to encourage the formation of such a class of island laborers as those against whom Mr. King's clause is deleted If we interfere with the liberty of employers to have what servants they please in the one case, we must interfere 111 the other, we must accomplish our work, or leave it alone The Government therefore did well to accept the clause It will, we believe, have the desired effect, which is to restrict island labor entirely to that particular form of agriculture in which they do not compete with white work- men; for a Polynesian whose time has expired, finding that he cannot bare out at a greater wage than he has been getting under the agreement, will most probably elect to return to his native island. At the same time the period of about fourteen months which must elapse before the clause comes into operation will give ample time for the time- expired islanders now at work in the colony to prepare for the change. The other alterations, proposed by Mr. O'Sullivan, were rejected by the House, and properly so. He proposed to place a heavy tax on the importation of Polynesians, avowedly with the hope of getting rid of this kind of labor altogether. The proposal was not merely foreign to the bill, but at variance with its spirit. If Parliament had been legislating for the purpose of getting rid of Polynesian labor altogether, then the measure it was discussing was a uselessly cumbrous piece of legal machinery. A prohibitory law could have been embodied in a much simpler form. But the bill under discussion expressly recognised the necessity for the labor, and by defining the nature of the employment protected the rights of sugar growers and others to have islanders on their plantations. To tack a prohibitory clause to it would have made a farce of the whole thing. Besides, it would have been manifestly unfair to the whole of the North. In a colony embracing so wide an extent of country, and where so many different climatic conditions prevail as in Queensland, every law regulating the course of settlement must be of the nature of a compromise. It has not been shown that white men are desirous of undertaking field labor on cane plantations in the South, although there is little doubt that they can perform it. But on the coast country of Northern Queensland it is very improbable that they could do the work even if men could be found willing to try it. Mr. O'Sulli- vans proposed tax would have been specially unfair, because, although it might be borne by the southern planters, who have long overcome all the early difficulties of pioneer settlement, and who enjoy all the advantages arising from proximity to the main centres of population, it would press with ruinous weight on the men who are attempting, and who, we hope, will continue to attempt, the formation of agricultural settlements in the far North. We agree with any legisla- tion intended to guard against the dis- placement of Europeans by these islanders, but we object to a proposal to play dog-in the manger, and to prevent others from utilising what we cannot use ourselves. There were several other useful amendments made in the bill. The absurdly severe penalty imposed upon anyone found harboring a Polynesian was very properly dropped; indeed Mr, Palmer explained that it had " found its way " into the bill without his agency. The clauses regulating the bonds entered into by importers were also advantageously modified. They were of a prohibitory nature, and likely to press with unequal severity on planters with small means. As the bill admits the desirability of importing Kanakas for tropical cultivation, there is no reason why it should be sought to restrict their employment to the owners of large and established plantations. Subject to the restrictions necessary to protect the Polynesians themselves, the small struggling selector who has taken up land on the Northern coast ought to be as free to employ them as the owner of the most thriving sugar estate at Mackay. Altogether, the bill is, as we said before a good one. It maintains the settled policy of the colony with regard to non-European aliens, and en- forces it in a reasonable common-sense spirit; and it must be admitted that we are fortunate in securing the services of a race of people who, while performing the work we require, are not likely to open the floodgates and pour in upon us a field of colored humanity. The Act will, of course, require honest and intelligent administration, more so even than any ordinary law, because it has to be applied under somewhat complex and varying circumstances. It is not too minute and rigid in its details, while sufficiently explicit on all main points. If properly applied it will, we hope, remove the " Polynesian question from our political path. It has been the almost general impression amongst farmers and others that the rates of railway carriage in Queensland were higher than in South Australia, and the impression was not likely to be weakened by the remarks made by Mr. Cairnes in his speech during the debate in the Assembly last week on the Railway Companies Preliminary Bill. A comparative statement of rates of railway carriage ruling in the various Australian colonies will, therefore, be of public interest. The figures were quoted in the South Australian House of Assembly recently, during a debate on the following resolution, moved by an hon. member (Mr. Moody who represents a large constituency composed chiefly of farmers : " That in the opinion of this House the railway charges for the conveyance of wheat and other cereals ought to be reduced and regulated according to distance In speaking to the resolution, the hon, gentleman compared the rates for carriage on the South Australian railways with those of the other colonies, thus allowing that in that colony the rates were higher than in any other colony. In New Zealand 30s. 10d. was charged per ton for 50 miles; for 100 miles, 15s.; and for 150 miles, 19s. 2d. In Victoria 7s. 3d. was charged for 50 miles, 13s. 6d. for 100 miles, and 17s. 3d. for 150 miles, in New South Wales 5s. 6d. was charged for 50 miles, 10s. 6d. for 100 miles, and 19s. 10d. for 150 miles. In Queensland 9s. 2d. was charged for 50 miles, 16s. 8d. for 100 miles, and 25s. for 150 miles. In South Australia the charge was 10s. 5d. for 50 miles, 22s 10d. for 100 miles, and 33s. 10d. for 150 miles. The result of the debate was that the Commissioner of Public Works (LTon. G. C. Hawker) announced that the Government proposed to reduce the charges to the following rates For the first 50 miles the same charge as at present would be made, namely, 2d. per ton per mile ; from 50 to 75 miles, 2d. per ton per per mile and beyond 75 miles, 163. per ton per mile. Therefore, the charge would be for 50 miles 10s. 5d., for 100 miles 12s. 6d., and for 150 miles 18s. 9d. Needless to say, the non-reduction of the rate for the first-named distance did not give satisfaction, but the motion was carried. A Gazette Extraordinary was issued yesterday, announcing the retirement of the Hon. William Hobbs from the Legislative Council, and the appointment thereto of William Aplin, Esq., of Townsville. Times: not being a quorum present in the Legislative Council yesterday, the Acting President adjourned the House till the usual hour to-day. The business on the paper consists of the third reading of the Rockhampton Race- course Bill and the Local Works Loans Bill. The Life Insurance Bill is also for further consideration in committee. It is to be hoped that hon. members will assist in forming a quorum, and that the business may be got through so as not to unnecessarily delay the closing of the session. It is exceedingly undesirable that the public business should be delayed through the whini3 or crotchets of one or two hon. members who choose to obstruct the Government by deliberately walking out of the House or remaining outside the Chamber. when the House was adjourned yesterday there were several hon. members just outside the doors of the lobby, one of whom would have made up the quorum. The business in the Legislative Assembly to-day will probably be the further consideration in committee of the Railway Companies Preliminary Bill. We subjoin the text of the resolution to be moved by Mr. Douglas in the Assembly to-morrow, and as it stands high upon the paper it will probably be thoroughly discussed, Its terms cover the whole aboriginal question in its present shape, and it will leave the Government and the Assembly no chance of escaping it. If the motion is rejected it must be on one of two grounds either that a majority in the Assembly are of opinion that all the evidence brought forward on the subject does not constitute a prima facie case for enquiry, or that they consider our relations with the aborigines are of a satisfactory nature, and neither require alteration nor amendment. Mr. Douglas will move,-" (1.) That an address be presented to his Excellency the Administrator of the Government, praying that his Excellency will be pleased to appoint a Royal Commission to enquire into and report upon the organisation, discipline, operation, and distribu- tion of the present Native Police Force, together with the best means whereby the lives, both of the pioneer settlers and of the aboriginal natives in the coast and frontier districts, may be protected. (2.) That in order to make effectual provision for the prosecution of such enquiry it is expedient to introduce a bill empowering the commissioners, so to be appointed, to require the attendance of witnesses before them, and to compel such witnesses to answer all questions put to them touching the matters of the said enquiry, and indemnify all witnesses who shall make true discovery touching all things as to which they are examined against any prosecution or penalties in respect of the matters deposed to by them." A PEtition to the Legislative Assembly from various churches in the colony is in course of signature, protesting against the running of Sunday trains, and praying that the practice may be put a stop to. A deputation from the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce consisting of W. Williams, Esq.; E. W. Walker, Esq. E. M. Paul, Esq. (Scott, Dawson, and Stewart) and the secretary (Mr. J. Guthiie)-waited upon the Hon. C. H. Buzacott, the Postmaster-General, yesterday morning, at 10 o'clock. The object of the deputation was explained to the Postmaster-General by Mr. Williams, who stated that the Brisbane Chamber of Commerce had received a communication from the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce suggesting the desirability of this colony being represented at the conference about to be held in Melbourne, the object of which was to bring about a Postal Union of the Australian colonies. The Melbourne chamber was desirous that the Queensland Government should be represented at the conference, and wished the chamber to ascertain the views of the Government on the subject. The deputation had therefore waited upon the Postmaster-General to ask his opinion and to ascertain the intentions of the Government. The Melbourne Chamber was of opinion there were many advantages to be derived by this colony by joining the Postal Union, and it was desirable, if it could be shown that any benefits were to be obtained from such association, that the Queensland Government should take part in the conference. Mr. Paul and Mr. Walker also made a few remarks on the subject. Mr. Buzacott, in reply, stated that the Government had taken the matter into consideration, and it had come to the conclusion, judging by the experience of all previous postal conferences, that it was unadvisable to take any part in it. The result of other conferences in which responsible Ministers had been engaged, as far as this colony was concerned, had totally failed to effect any good. There were other reasons also ; the time was inopportune, as Parliament was sitting and the Government had also received a communication from the Imperial Government, through the General Post Office authorities, on the same subject. The letter they had received complained of the heavy charge made by the Australian colonies on French letters, and the Imperial Government suggested that Queensland should join the Universal Postal Union, His Government were expecting a definite proposal from the home authorities very shortly, and he therefore thought it desirable to wait the result. There was another matter also which they would be asked to consider at the conference, and that was the payment of a subsidy by Queensland towards a duplicate cable. He did not think they could entertain such a proposal, and considered it a waste of time for this colony to take any part in the conference. The deputation having thanked the Postmaster-General for his courtesy, then withdrew. The time-table of the Southern and Western Railway contains some important alterations, which come into effect on November I. Full details will be found in our advertising columns of the time of arrival and departure of all the trains, but it is necessary we should direct attention to the alterations made. There will only he threw up passenger trains from Toowoomba to Roma during the week, namely, on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday and down trains, Roma to Toowoomba, on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Goods trains will run on the alternate days. It is very satisfactory to note that the speed of the trains will be increased, and that Roma can be reached at 10.15 p.m. The down train leaving Roma at 7 p.m. on the days named will catch the early train leaving Toowoomba at 5.50 a.m. next day, and arrive in Brisbane at 12 30 p.m. The trains from Dalby and Warwick will meet at Toowoomba each day, and leave that town at 1.40 p.m., arriving in Brisbane at 7,20 p.m. The greater the facilities which the Government afford the public for expeditious travelling, the more certainly will the traffic earnings increase. At the sittings of the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Colonel Ross and Messrs. A. R Jones and D J. Childs, JJ.P., a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount claimed, with coats was given in the undefended case of A. J. Roulston v. J. L. Statham, claim £8 1s. 7d., for goods sold. We would call attention to the two very favorable reports, printed elsewhere, upon the present prospects and appearance of the wheat crops in the Allora and Warwick districts, as forwarded to us by our own correspondents after personal inspection. It will be noticed that in no instance was any sign of rust detected in the Allora district and only in the case of one "warm" scrub farm does our Warwick correspondent speak of any. The close thundery weather of the last few days may perhaps induce an outburst of rust, but still there is every reason to think that a good harvest will be reaped. Mr. Bates's Californian wheat seems to give great promise, both as to early maturity and abundant yield. The June and spring sown wheat in both districts are for this year pronounced a failure, owing to the excessive dry ness that prevailed. The samples of wheat sent down to us from Roma, and now lying at this office, are quite worthy of inspection by anyone interested in these matters. The serious calamity that has befallen the Argentine Republic reminds one of Mr. Gellie's prediction of the return of the glacial epochs. There must be a very strange climatic change in South America for a snowstorm of such unprecedented violence to visit a territory embraced between the latitudes of 22 and iV, which is the equivalent of from Mackay to the northern coast of Tasmania. In a country whose climate ranges from tropical to temperate, no provision would be likely to be made for such a very exceptional visitation as a three days' snowstorm, and as stock-raising is the sole occupation of the residents of the interior, the industry of the country will have received a severe blow. Vast rolling plains, richly grassed, and in places covered with a gigantic thistle that would entirely put to shame the comparatively puny specimen Mr. Kates introduced to the Assembly, are occupied by immense herds of cattle. Of mules and horses there are great mobs roaming over the plains, and sheep are depastured in considerable numbers. Tallow, hides, and sheepskins are the almost sole Argentine sports, and these amount to about 15 million per annum, The immense mortality of stock reported is certain to affect the English market for this class of produce. The substantial support accorded to and promised the Banks Rowing Club has been of such a prompt and satisfactory character that at a meeting of the committee, held last night to decide what boats should be bought it was decided to at once order from James Edwards, Melbourne, the following boats namely, two four-oared clinker gigs 36ft. long, with sliding seats (which can be used as fixed and two pair oared boats, 25ft. long, with Bude (optional). It has been thought advisable at present not to go to the expense of building a boatshed, but the committee have decided to accept M'Cleer's offer for the rental of a shed, and at once to proceed with the building of the necessary staging and pontoon. There is every intention on the part of the members of this club to take a prominent part in competing for the prizes to be won at the forthcoming regatta. It is expected the boats ordered will be in Brisbane in about a fortnight, and that in a few days after that the club will be in full practice. The Diorama of the Zulu War was well attended last night, and the entertainment is certainly deserving of the support it receives. The landscapes of African scenery, the troops marching through the defiles and over the mountains, together with the baggage waggons drawn by oxen, are all faithfully presented. The view of the " Blue Jackets" marching by moon- light was very effectively rendered, as also was the march of the Lancers in the glow of the rising sun. We were much pleased with the view of Cetywayo's stronghold amongst the mountains, and the city of Pretoria was also a well- finished picture. The battle of Ulundi, which decided the Zulu war in favor of the British army, shows more clearly the position of our army and the nature of the attack made by the Zulus than any description. The charge of the Lancers is also finely drawn. Turning to the end of the war, and the return home of the 24th Regiment, the moonlight scene in Portsmouth Harbor where the large transports and the old three-deckers are shown lighted up and lying at anchor on a rippling blue sea is, we think, one of the best of the series. To- night the performance will be repeated, and the proprietors announce an extra distribution of gifts, particularly a lady's gold watch and other valuable articles. Tan Bijou Theatre continues to be fairly patronised, and the audience thoroughly appreciate the clever tricks which are performed by Dr. Lynn. The singing of Miss Sultan and Miss Blanchard is also good, whilst the concluding ghost scene created great laughter. There is another prize of a silver watch announced to-night for the best conundrum on the " frozen meat question ;" and on Thursday night Dr. Lynn will take his benefit. The drawing for the Memorial Church organ, postponed from the 11th instant, was held on Monday evening last in the schoolroom. The proceedings were conducted by Messrs. Adams and Watts, and the sea mutineers were Messrs. H, NV. E. Mackay and R. D. Martin. The holder of ticket No. 74, with the initials H. F. B., who, we believe, is Hubert F. Ryder, son of Mr. W. H. Ryder, of the Colonial Secretary's Office, becomes possessor of the instrument, which is said, if set in proper repair, to be a valuable one. It stood some time in the Old School of Arts, where it was serviceable on many occasions. The tea-meeting and concert in aid of the South Brisbane Church of England building fund, held last evening in the Town Hall, proved very successful, There was an attendance of about 500 persons, the greater number of whom were ladies and children, and the " creature comforts with which every table was loaded were more than sufficient to satisfy the most exacting demands of the visitors. The tables were profusely decorated with flowers of every variety, and the beauty of some of the roses displayed was superior to anything shown at the late exhibition at Bowen Park. After tea the tables were, with some difficulty, removed and seats at ranged for the concert. The programme was an excellent one, and many of the songs were well rendered and deservedly applauded. The duet entitled " Friendship," by Glover, which was sung by two lady amateurs, was a very pleasing performance, and the next song, by a lady amateur, the "Blue Alsatian Mountains," was a decided success. The song selected by Miss E. Thompson did not suit her voice, which is capable of something much better. It is unnecessary to enumerate the rest of the songs, and we must not be too critical, because the ladies and gentlemen gave their services to a good cause, and strove to do their best to entertain their audience, who are equally anxious to increase the church building fund. From the Westbrook Homestead Area, the J?. J?. Gazette learns that the man has made its appearance in several fields of wheat. The Indian wheat imported by Messrs. Mattinson and Wittenberg was the first that showed signs of the disease, but none of the fields have been destroyed as yet. 