THRILLING ADVENTUEE AT A GOBILLA HUNT IN SIEEBA LEONE/ WEST ATEICA. (SEE PAGE 1232.) V Gorilla Hunting in Sierra Leone, West Africa. SIERRA Leone, the " White Man's Grave," or by whatever other name you wish to call it, is not Buch an unpleasant place to live in after all. After a Bhort residence there you find that it is not the general custom of the white inhabitants to keep their coffins in their bedroom., and that it is not always the rule that if you sit down to breakfast with a party of six or oeven, that you are called out to attend the funeral of one or more in the even ing. The centipedes, snakes, and scorpions are certainly very numerous, and the first- named disgusting looking things, have a nasty habit of always obtruding themselves when least ex pected, and when their company is most undesir able. But these little drawbacks a colonist soon gets over, and after a short residence in the country thinks less of finding a snako under his pillow, a centipede in one boot, and a nest of scorpions in the other, than a young Indy nt home does of seeing a spider climb up the wall of her boudoir. On sailing into the harbour of Freetown, the metropolis of Sierra Loone, a grand panorama is laid out before the visitor j and, .unless he has been prepared for it, he is astonished to find the harbour crowded with shins from everv conntrv. and of everv description - from the Btately-looking, trimly rigged British man-of-war down to the dug-out of some grinning sable lusher man. On landing and "as cending the steps leading np to the wharf or jetty, the visitor is astonished at the varieties of complexions and colours he sees among the inhabitants. There being crowds of every shade of description, from the fair haired north, countryman to the very blackest of black niggers. The houses are Mostly built along the shore, and are constructed in a very sensible manner, hav ing fine broad verandahs to them. The rides into the sur rounding country early in the morning were very pleasant events, but in crossing the creeks one had to be very careful to avoid . > Ïuicksands, which abound, 'he oysters, which are found in great plenty in the tidal creeks, are delici ous. Alligators also abound in the creeks, and an inter view with one of these am phibious creatures is not so pleasant as one with the oysters. What the oyster's opinion on the matter was likely to be is material only to-the oyster! The alligators seldom seize any human beings, although dogs and smaller animalB are often carried off by them while crossing the creeks or drinking on their banks. The banks of the creeks, at' leaBt that portion of them where these waters are affected by the tide, are covered with a thick growth of mangroves, beyond which rise belts of picturesque looking palm trees. The blacks, old and young, ¡male and female, con»tantly bathe in these rivers, both in the fresh and brackish waters, without any dread of the alligators, and Europeans soon learn to follow their ex ample. The greatest pest to contend with is the tick, which abound in the jungles, and which fasten themselves on to the traveller without one being aware of it. If not removed at once they burv their head under the skin, causing a very painful lump to arise. After they are extracted, and if the operation of ex tracting them is unskilfully performed, and a portion of the head left behind, a poisonous sore is the result. A species of large monkey is found in the neighbourhood. Being very anxious, says a well known sportsman, to see the far-famed gorilla, we arranged a party to proceed by water to St. Mary's, for thatpurpose. Arrived there, we found we had to proceed farther down thc coast, which we did, and then in a ship's boat, which, as well as the crew, was placed at our disposal by the captain of an American vessel lying there, we continued our journey. Ascending an estuary on the second day, we found ourselves towards evening entering the fresh water, fringed on either side by the primeval forest, aeldom trodden by the foot of man. Here we formed our camp, consisting of eight white sailors, three niggers (one of them cook), a Malay boy, and our two selves. By sun down our camp was finished, and soon our fires lit up the noble trees above our heads, and cast their reflection upon as wild a looking picture as ever artist imagined or portrayed. All tho sailors were armed wita rifle and bayonet, while some carried cutlasses and others axes, in addi tion to the rifles ; and the bright steel of these weapons glistening in the firelight gave to our encampment a moBt formidable aspect. After a hearty supper, grog was served out, and as we expected to have a heavy day's work on the morrow, we turned in early. As we were quite unacquainted with the manners and customs of the inhabitants of these forests, we deemed it advisable to keep a sentry all- night, to replenish the fire» from the heaps of wood collected for that purpose. That matter having been arranged, silence soon reigned in our little camp. Not so, however, was it in tho depths of the dark forest around us, from which occasionally during the night most extraordinary and demoniacal sounds proceeded, uttered by> numerous nocturnal animals whilst wandering in search of prey. At daylight our little camp was stirring and preparing for the day's work. Two of the sailors and the Malay boy were left behind toasßist the cook and guard the camp, while the rest of us, guided hy the two darkies, started, after an early breakfast, into the depthB of the virgin forest. Our mission was especially in search of the gorilla, and orders were given to fire at nothing else, unless in case of attack. For miles we tramped steadily onwards, and then suddenly our guides began to look about them, and advance more cautiously, examining the ground carefully for tracks. Presently they called a halt, and leaving us seated on the ground, they noiselessly disappeared into the forest. After some half hour's anxious waiting on our part, one of the blacks returned, and signed to us to follow him cautiously, which we did, making as little noise in our advance as possible. . On arriving where the other black was stationed behind a tree, he informed us there were three of the animals we were in search of close by, one male and two females. Some little time was spent m deciding upon our plan of attack. Dividing our force a little, thiee sailors on the right, three on the left, my companion and myself in the centre, and guided by tho blacks, who flitted like sable ghosts from ono to the other, we silently and cautiously advanced upon the spot where the gorillas were seen. So thick was the forest that neither party could seo the other, although not far separate, and we had thus advanced some quarter of a mile, when a peculiar barking sort of a noise on our left point attracted our attention. The native, who was with us at ?.«'" SKETCH FKOM THE OUTEE . DOMAIN, SYDNEY, NEW SOUTH WALES. the time, -whispered "ingeena" (gorilla) as he pointed towards the spot from whence the sound proceeded, and immediately afterwards we heard two shots from the party on our left, followed by the most terrific roar it has ever been my lot to hear. The trembling thunder of the lion's roar when at its highest pitch, although as loud as the voice we now heard, has not such a savage tone, and our guide called out "the ingeena is hit." We turned to our left and were forcing our way to wards the scene of action, when a third shot was fired, and another roar, fol lowed by a human cry, or rather shriek, attracted our attention. One of the sailors forming the left hand party rushed to wards us, exclaiming that the brute had seized his two mates. We all advanced to the spot pointed out (our right-hand party having joined us), and came upon the gorilla at the foot of an enormous tree. He had seized one of the sailors in each hand, and then had hurled one to the ground with tremendous force, where he lay sense less and bleeding. The other he had grasped across the chest in his enormous hand (breaking, as we observed afterwards, two ribs in the act) and had dragged him as a man would an infant under the tree, from which he now turned round to face us, flourishing the heavy rifle of one of the wounded men in his left hand, as if it were a little twig. His appearance as he stood thus at bay was grandly savage in the ex treme. Standing about oft lOin in height, covered with dark grey hair, except his head, which was of a reddish brown, he reared to his full height, and showed hiB enormous "et of teeth. As the lower part' of the face of these animals projects very much, and the eyes are deeply sunk in the head, the savage scowl thus presented may be easier imagined than described. What struck me most, next to the devilish expression of his face, was the enormous breadth of his shoulders, and the tremendous size of his hands and lengthy arms. Small time for observation had wo, however, and we were obliged to fire on him at once. Dashing the heavy rifle he grasped on to the ground, he smashed it to pieces and then bent the barrel around as if it had been a bit of cane. He then carefully examined a wound he hod received in the chest, from which tho blood was running forth. Inserting his fingers into tho wound, he appeared as if probing its depth, and then staggered towards us with a savage roar to punish us as he had the other two. But in spite of his enormous strength, bis might availed not against the science of man, for a rifle bullet meeting him in the forehead, as well as a volloy into various parts of his body, dropped him dead at our feet. Our attention was now directed to the wounded sailors. The one who had been so unceremoniously cast down soon recovered his senses, but had a nasty gash across tho forehead, where his head had come in contact with a stone or root. The other's case was more serious, and we had to make a litter upon which to convey him to the boat. On ex amining the body of the gorilla, an anatomical preparation of which I should much like to have made, I "noticed that he far nearer approached the human species than tho chimpanzee or any animal I had as yet been. The nasal bones pro ject as much as in some of the negro inhabit ants of South Africa ; the shape of the pelvis ap proaches that of the human form more than any other species. The arms, which are enormously muscular and long, are not as long as those of the chimpanzee, although they reach to the knee. The foot is well formed for walking on, although the big toe is more of a thumb than a toe. The skin is black, the mouth of a great size, and nored on the lips; the belly large and prominent,and the teeth, especially the canine, very large and white. Not having the means or time to proparo thc skeleton, I had to content myself with decapitating the animal so as to keep the head, but thiB I was obliged to throw away in a day or so, the stench it made in tho boat being unbearable. We duly arrived at our camp. The natives had fetched some of the meat of the gorilla with them, but although it is entirely a vegetarian, living solely on fruits, nuts, and roots, yet its resemblance to the human form was so great, that the idea of partaking of any of it, too nearly approached cannibalism to find favour in our sight, although the natives appeared to relish it much. The sailor whoso chest was crushed was also badly bruised all over the body where he ? had been rudely dashed down, and his state ne j cessitated us to make a retreat the next morning I to have his injuries attended to by. a medical man ; the other, beyond a severe shaking" and the wound on the forehead, was luckily none the worse for his encounter. So, early the noxt day we broke up our oamp, determining again soon to pay an other visit to the spot, and to come prepared to take specimens back with us. On another page we present our readers with an illustration of the scene so graphically described by the well-known sportsman referred to above. His account of the meeting with the gorilla was much questioned at the time, but the exist ance of the large tribe of apes has been abundantly set at rest by the researches of other travellers, and tho arrival of numerous specimens of the species in various parts of the world. M. Du Challu was undoubtedly an in trepid traveller and sportsman. When his word was doubted in England, he went back to Africa, and brought back a living gorilla-a young one -with which he confronted his detractors, who were fain to confess that they had done the brave Frenchman an injustice. A singular aotion for slander waB commenced in the Melbourne County Court on Thursday, and con cluded on June 19, before his Honor Judge Cope, and a jury of four. Tho plaintiff, William Townsend, is a draper's assistant, and the defendant is Robert Clarke, a draper at Hotham. The plaintiff sought to recover ¿£250 damages. Mr. Quinlan appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Hood for tho defen dant. Tho plaintiff had been for eight months in the employ of the defendant previous to September, 1879. After being absent a short time, he returned to clarke's employ, and took the management of a branch shop in Errol street, Hotham. He performed his duties satisfac torily till the 24th Deoomber, 1879, when there was Bomo slight misunder stan ding over a customer's account. When plaintiff first left Clarke's omploy, he received a very complimentary testimonial as to his character, but on the 27th December, three days after plaintiff left the second time, the aefendant Bent a letter to Messrs. Moubray, Rowan, and Hicks, with whom plaintiff was engaged, to the following effect :-" Gentlemen,-We de sire to withdraw our letter of recommen dation given by us to Mr. William Townsend, recently in our employ, and who has sinoe been encaged by your firm. Wo do this with great reluctance, but in justice to yon wo beg to inform you that sinco wo gave him a good roferonoo, we have discovered that he had acted towards na in a most dishonest way, and that his general oonduot has boon that of a yountr man wanting in principle Yours truly, ROBERT CLARKE." A long argumont en sued between counsel aB to a nonsuit, and his Honor held that the plaintiff ought to bo nonsuited on tho ground that the lotter was a privileged communica tion. Mr. Quinlan refused to take a nonsuit, and asked tho jury to ovorrido his Honor's rnling. Tho jury then brought in a vordiot for the plaintiff, damages ¿£250. Lover, tho novelist, noticing that the hand of a woman who was bringing him somo tea at a small country hotel shook tremulously, kindly said to her. " I am sorry to se«, Biddy, that you havo a weakness in your hand."-"Oh, your honour," sho repliod, with a glance of indescribable humour, "tho wake noBB ie not in my hana, but inside the tay-pot 1" 