HEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:-After Dark” at the Academy of Music; meeting of the Ballarat Cricket Club, Pavilion, 7.30. p.m.; meeting of the Ballarat Hurling Club, 8 p.m.; meeting of Mr J. H. Connor’s committee, Dutch Harry , hotel, 8 p.m.; MrS, Carter preaches in-the Town Mission-hall, 7.30 p.m. Tho “ Bracelet" Meeting ” . in connection with the Ballarat Amateur Coursing Club was held on Monday .'at Learmonth. .The day being one of unusual'fineness, > rendered the day’s outing Tory ■ pleasurable. The coursing Was very .good,, hares being got great difficulty, although not being quite ! so plenti ful as_ on several previous occasions. The meeting will be concluded to-day,, the first course starting from Mr Baird’s faiin at 10 o’clock. A full report of.yesterday’s meet appears elsewhere. 1 . ... At a committee meeting of tbej Ballarat Turf Club, held oh Monday evening, it waa ; arranged to have a two days’ meeting on Thursday and Friday, 18th ; and 19th Novem ber, the programme for which will be drawn up immediately. The city monuments erected to the memory of the ill-fated members of the Burke and Wills expedition and to the founder of the Eight Hours Association (Mr Galloway] are to be razed. The Gat has gone forth. The City . Council considers each of the erections to be. an eyesore, and has taken the initiatory steps : towards converting the two “ wretched tomb stones"—to quote the remarks of one, coun cillor—into something more shapely. It is intended to utilise the base of each as a foun dation for the erection of a superstructure to carry argand gas lamps. The design for the Burke and Wills very handsome, and comprises a, fountain in bronze and four - lamps, the cost'of which will ba about £2OO. The alteration to the “ Galloway tomb”-have not yet'been determined upon as far as details are concerned. The works 'committee of the council has the matter In hand for report. At the meeting of the .Benevolent Asylum Committee on Monday evening a somewhat lengthy discussion took place respecting the house committee’s recommendation that a sub committee be appointed to deal with epidemic, cases immediately on the breaking out of the disease. Some of the members present were of opinion that in proceeding to deal with such casesthe committee was departing from the business which properly devolved on it, Mr. James Oddie strongly contended that. the visiting members had earlier opportunities of becoming acquainted with the. outbreak of epidemic cases than the local,boards-of health had, and accordingly should take thejnitiative. Eventually the recommendation was adopted. The police of tho city came in for some all round hard knocks at the hands of the City Council on Monday. The matter was brought under the notice of councillors in’connection with the ex-mayor’s report, a clause in which mentioned the police as not having paid suffi cient attention to the carrying-out. of. the council's bylaws. A letter was read ’from the sub-inspector of police, ■ taking excep tion to the clause, and this oreated : some dis cussion. - The mayor stated that he quite endorsed the views of bis, predecessor' with reference to the police. One .councillor ex pressed his belief that the Council would have to revert to the old world custom of appointing its own officials in the shape of municipal police, who would see to the carrying l out of the. bylaws. Other councillors' thought that the police, force was too small for. the require ments of the city, The sub-inspector was gene rally complimented upon bis services rendered to the city, but councillors objected to forego ,one word in the ex-mayor’s, report with reference to the:manner in which the council’s regulations’ were .enforced, or, as it. was put; hot enforced by the men on the various beats.. The report was, adopted. •. . • ' ; A most enjoyable, and successful entertainment , which took, the form of a social tea-party, followed by a concert and ball, came off at the hall, at Blakeville, on Thursday evening last, in honor of Mr. and Mrs. Lilburne and family, who are about to remove from Blakeville to their farm which is situated about two miles, nearer Ballan. About 160 adults sat down to tea, including Mr. and Mrs Blake. And a num- ber of ladies and gentlemen from Ballan, who, undeterred, by the weather and the very bad state of the roads, determined to be on the occasion. Mr George Goldsack took the chair, and after full justice had been done to the excellent things provided by, the caterer, Mr John Milne, the tables were taken out, and the following programme was gone through, Mr Ramsey having kindly lent his pianoforte for the purpose:—Duet, “'.Flora, and Zephyr," Misses Scott, and Tanner; comic recitation, “ The sailor and the showman, ’’ Mr J. Thomp son; song, 'Kate O’Shane, ” Miss Leith; reading, “ Othello’s address to the senate," Mr. Jesse Parke;:song, “ The dear little shamrock, " Mr Blackburn; recitation, “ Charge of the Light Brigade,” Mr W. Clarke jnr. song, “ Johnny Sands,” Mr. J. Platt; recitation , “ Dream of Clarence,” Mr. A. Parker, song, “ McSawleys Twins", Mr. J.Thompson pianoforte duet. Robert le Di Scott and Tanner; song" write,” Mr Edwards; -’long, t/Whea the; swallows,” Mr BijHlake, Imp; recitation, “ The Spanish Cpsety; “God save the Queen” by the- Then followed the usual votes of thanks. The room was then cleared for dancing, which was kept up in a spirited manner until the wee sma' hours became muckle anes.. During an interval the proceedings the opportunity was taken by' the chairman to present Mr. and MrsLilburne with a very handsomely framed illuminated address, the work of Mr. F. W. Niven, of Ballarat, : and to Mrs Lilburne herself a silver teapot of very chaste design, as a mark of the esteem in which they, are held by the inhabitants of Blakeville. The address , which the chairman read , was as follows: "To Mr. and Mrs Lilburne - Dear Sir and Madam, we the inhabitants of Blakeville, feel that we cannot allow you to leave us without expressing our regret at losing you from our midst after a residence of ten years amongst us. We have always found you foremost in everything tending to the welfare of the town and in every good work. -We sincerely wish that you may long enjoy health and prosperity in your new home.—Signed on behalf of 'he inhabit ants, of Blakeville =George Coldsack, Edward Browne, Wm. Cook, jun., Edward Blake, jun., George Parke, Thomas Lay John Milne, Arthur Parker.” The following, was neatly engraved upon the teapot :—“ Presented to Mrs J. Lilburne by her Blakeville friends. Blakeville, 26th August, 1880." After musical honors had been given with a new version of “He’s a jolly good fellow;” the; effusion of a local poet, Mr Lilburne, in a few appropriate sentences responded in:=a brief and, feeling manner. The music was excellent, the singing in most cases good, and the readings and recitations calculated to suit every variety of taste. ' ■, A’ .concert was, held at Carngham on the 20th; in aid of the; local brass band/and not* 'withstanding the' inclemency of the weather, the ball was-filled with a large and appreciative audience. :A varied.and intereatmgprogramme was gone through; consisting of-.sbnga by Mieses Bennett and Roberts.and Mr Meath,'of Linton; .recitation by Mies Walton, and.songs by Miss Liddle, Mrs. Wendt, arid Mr Webster, of Carng ham; and a recitation-by. Mr Leckib, of Scars-' dale. A duet by Mies Roberts and Mr Heath. A-quintette (instrumental), selec tion from “Norma,” was played by Messrs- Marden and Mark (violins), -Wendt and Pox '(cornets), and Kakle (bombardon). Selections were given at intervals during the evening- by the band, and were very well received. - A cleverly executed clog hornpipe .by Mr J. M‘lndoe, and.” God save the Queen” by the band, brought a ’ Very ; enjoyable evening’s entertainmen t to- a close. Where all acquitted .themselves so well, it would be scarcely fair to ’ make' 'distinctions,' ’except to say that Misses ; Liddle.,and: Walton’s dibut was a complete success. The'former young lady possesses a charming'voice, and sang the' pieces, “ Within a mile. of .’ Edinboro’ toon” and “Kathleen Mavoufneen." The latter was encored, and she then gave “Comm’.thro 1 ' the rye" in a style' which brought down the house.'. Miss . Walton, in her rendering of “The raven”.and. “■ Lady Teazle,” fairly astonished tbeaudience, and showed her to be possessed of/talents of the very highest order. “ Lady Teazle” was 'encored, and in response “.The battle', of the league” wae given. The other performers having.already gained their laurels, it is only necessary to say they- were as. successful as usual. After'the concert thb hall -was cleared for dan'cing/whieh was/kept up with spirit till;2 o’clock.- The band will be benefited to the amount of between £ll:and £12 v ' '. '// €)n Saturday evening a man named Alexander Crosbie, a resident of: Creswick, fell down in a fit at the Ballarat Western railway station, and sustained a very severe cut in the face. Con stable rp’Qrady at .once .kindly got a cab and took the sufferer to the Hospital,-where hts in juries were promptly attended to."; Mr-Grosbie bad the option of . remaining a day or two at the Hospital until he would properly recover, but be wished"to get home, and went away after bis wound was dressed/ ■; j ' ,-A full meeting- of Mr J; H. Connor’s Ballarat East election committee was _ held at .-.the; Dutch Uarry hotel last evening; Mr, W...Scqtt in the chair. 'Great promises of support'were given by'the“gentlemen who have canvassed the towh/ia the candidate’e favor, and''they: intend to leave no atone unturned to make Mr Connor’s return a matter of certainty. Mr Connor, one- of the candidates-for the South-Weatera/Provinoe, addressed a meeting of electors at Mrs /Daly’s/ hotel, Gordon, , on Friday evening. Mr F. H. Drew occupied, the chair. The. candidate explained bis views at . some length, and to the satisfaction' of the meeting, and a vote of confidence was carried unanimously. Later in the evening, ’ Mr Connor spoke at Mrs Murphy’s hotel, Egerton, Mr R. P. Bryant in the chair, and a vote -of confidisnce, moved by Mr -P. H. Drew aud seconded by Mr H., Longdon, was, carried unanimously.. ; ' f ‘ / / ~ Mr Cave, the lake ranger, is to be kept on shouting; the cormorants at Wendouree for another month. - The City Counoil -expected a return of the shags destroyed during the past month, to be laid before it at, the. meeting on Monday,., biit the heads of the birds bad not been counted in time for the meeting. Mr Connor addressed a meeting of the elee tora of the South-Western Province at the' Shannon hotel, Ballan, on Friday afternoon, Mr M.' Walsh in'the chair. The; meeting was riot a large one, but was orderly and attentive. After Mr Connor bad - explained his: political .views, a vote of confidence .was moved, and carried unanimously. ;' The Railway Department ia ; to erect.a now arid sightly fence along the railway line to the. west of Lydiard street, the - City j Council , agreeing tp keep it in good order. , ’ , .... -, Mr Wood,, the/clerk of/works of theoity,' has been successfully experimenting with' a rush-cutting.; apparatus at Wendouree,'/and ' further triala hava, been arranged for under the auspices’ of . the lake/ and. gardens com iriittee. . / A—load of mining exhibits, consisting; of models of machinery, specimens of quartz, &c.;, left Ballarat on Monday for the" Melbourne Exhibition';' The-exhibits,have been collected through the agency of Mr Stewart, the mining inspector of the district. In future persons .who wish to. ascend-the City-hall tower will. have to, obtain ; permits from, councillora to do so. . This.regulation has been made in consequence of the defacing of. the walls of the'tower approaches by thought less and mischievous persons who have cut arid scribbled natries, ' arid in -some cases vulgar phrases thereon; - Each'councillor has been, supplied with permits, which will be given to any-respsotable persons seeking to ascend - the.- tower. .-. . J ; i On Monday./Mr John Keith, J.P., held a magisterial enquiry - at Boas’ Creek into the cause of death of Isabella-Ryan, the wife of a farmer in the locality, whose body was found, on Saturday night in a waterholo near her residence. After hearing the evidence of Jas. Ryan, the husband of deceased, D. James, A.'- Simpaon, and some- others. Dr Jordan deposed that the cause of death arose from asphyxia from drowning, arid a magisterial verdict was returned of accidentally drowned. The evi dence generally went to show'that the deceased proceeded to fetch water-in a bucket, and must have tumbled .in, as/the bucket was -found floating on the water. The usual meeting of St. John’s Mutual Improvement and Debating Society was held on Thursday, 26th inst. After the usual routine business was disposed'of a; lecture on the “ Atmosphere audits uses” was given by, Mr Heather. The subject was exceedingly well handled by the lecturer, and proved more interesting from the fact of practical illustra tions being brought to bear upon the subject. On resuming his seat Mr Heather was warmly - applauded// The chairman (Rev. J. W.lnglis), Mr James M'Dowall, and other members, in critieisirig the remarks of' the lecturer, highly complimented - him npon;the manner in which ho produced it. The next meeting will be held . on Thursday, 9th September, on which occa sion the .-.members will ■ devote themselves to elocution. The syllabus'for next quarter was read by the secretary, and 1 after nominations were received' for membership the . meeting closed with prayer. // ■ ' /A temperance, meeting- In. connecting .with the Princess Alexandra Taut, LO.R., was held in the Temperance-hali, Creswick, on Friday • evening last.: The meeting vraa one of a aeries arranged for by the Ballarat Sub-district LO.R; -The.hall was well fiUed“by-an’ attentive-and' appreciative.. audience ; " Mr -' Jairiei -Bunyan occupying the chair.:; The- jin-.-his • address, aat forth the importance of 'the tem perance movement, and' urged thenecessity for - work : in extending its principles. Mr Thomas Williams; SMrstary' of " the’ Cluriea , tent, briefly addressed, the'''meeting/pn “the working of W/T.' iPimsey,, P.D.C.R, of ~ Ballarat, gave- a very forcible grid/ argumentative "address,“in I which the : great advanUgee ef tapper; anoa to dur young peoples The Bar. Joseph Ballarat, delivered one o£ his ?u»aal telling speechea on' the Interests of Rephabitiam ’pnd the benefit arising from the >sd6ptipn\ofyteraperanca principles. Several ;Bongsgand‘ recitations were given during the evening.!. At the close of the proceedings no vleas than forty-three persons signed the pledge. ‘lt wattruly a rousing and successful meeting, 'apd-.one full of,encouragement to the Reoha bites.and temperance friends in Creawick. The iiisnal vote of thanks was heartily passed to the speakers.. At a social gathering afterwards it o rmined_ to start a lland ofHopsin the "place, of whioh Mr Bunyan was appointed pre sident, Mossra Crabb; and' Spence \ vibe-presi* dents,"Mr A. Peaoock treasurer,, and Mir Lugg ■secretary; —r — ----- - .. ?Pl4 a yl%h .liuiportant alteration will be effected in the overland route hence to Sydney, when a further length of the Great Southern Railway, from Wagga Wagga to Qerogery, being.a,distance of. fifty-nine miles, will be opened for, .the conveyance ,of passengers, live stock.' The mail train leaving rSydhey at half-past :7-.p.m.,,wi1l tun through arriving, there at 11 a.m., and swill/ enabla from Sydney to catch the_afternoon train to Melbourne.' The Vic-; torian Railway Department has made arrange ments for the train which at present leaves Wodonga at 3.5 p.m. to leave at;4 p.m.,' and arrive in Melbourne at 11.30 p.m., thus accom plishing the journey in twenty-eight hours. The first train willleave Sydney for Qerogerv at 7.30 p.m. to-day. ’ ■ At Smythesdale, on Monday, .’before Messrs Keith’and Hughes, J’s.P., Evan Price, of Snake Valley, was charged with being a dan gerous lunatic, and, on the testimony Of Drs Stewart'and Jordan, he was committed to the Ararat Lunatic Asylum. So violent was the unfortunate man, that it took several persons to place him in a s’trait waistcoat ’to restrain him from doing barm. The Geelong Evening Star states that mer chants are beginning to get anxious about some of the wheat ships that left thisport early in the, year for London. Three of them are long overdue. The Isle : of Erin, which sailed hence on the-.-20th .Marcb,--is : 160 days outj the Florence, which left on the 10 th April, is 138 days but; and the Christina, which left on the 6th .May,, is 113 days out. These are: all exceptionally long passages, and news of the ships should . have been-received at least a month ago. ’ We.learn from the South Australian Adver tiser that -the Chief Secretary of South Aus tralia stated in the Legislative Council on 24th August that the attention of the Government • had been directed tothe : great injury, to sheep caused by wild dogs in. the unsettled districts of that colony, and that - they, had determined to raise the-fee for-the destruction of those animals from-.2s to ss, r and; intended to place a sum on the. supplementary Estimates to meet the necessary expenditure.: .The,, Sydney .Morning Herald has been in' formed by Sir Henry Parkes that be has just received a telegram from the Government, of the Presidency of Bombay, stating that another strange • ship baa' passed' Aden, dying the Liberian colors, and bound for Port Breton, with a motley company of passengers, includ ing representatives of all nations.'; This.is pro bably the third vessel employed by the Mar quis de Rays in hia colonising expedition, to which feference"has previously been made. ■ We (Argus), hear that Mr Matthew Burnett’s labors in the cause* of temperance and religion are still being‘prosecuted in different parts of Adelaide and its suburbs, andare meeting'with, extraordinary success. '" His" indoor religious meetings are- crowded, and’his torchlight pro cessions and. mass demonstrations are attended by people of all creeds. The hoard appointed to . enquire into the charges made by Messrs Bain and Son for iron work supplied to the Railway Department has, we ("Argus) understand, only thought it neces sary to examine two .witnesses.—Mr Lang, one of the : inspectors of- iron in the department, and Mr Singleton, the. accountant on the epgineer in-bhief’s staff. The former was able to repeat an. opinion which he had given - officially some months before, when the ' ac counts were stopped for enquiry by the late engineer-in-chief, viz., that under what were regarded as the urgent circumstances of the occasion, the. prices charged were not unreason able.' Mr. Singleton was examined as to the practice which had obtained for some time past in the ordering of goods in quantities of less than £lOO in value. The-scope of the enquiry -has been very limited; and the result is not likely to be satisfactory to any of the parties concerned, as the principal cause of complaint has hot- been touched upon at all. The members of the board are. expected to hand in their report to-day (Monday). _The- Attorney-General is .(says the Argus) well advanced with the drafting of the Reform BUT which Ministers propose to submit to Parliament. It is understood, however, that the. measure will only be,submitted to. the Assembly pro forma this-session, and will be held over for discussion next year. ; ; In December last year (says the Argus) Mr Arthur Garner, the well-known’, comedian, despatched by. the s.s. Cuzco to London a small wopden case marked “ W. R. S. aad Cos., London," containing ; seventy-six gold' and silver watches, valued at over £lOOO. The shipment was'effected by Mr Predk. Tate, "Cust'dms agent) and the case was directed to' Mr E. ;Streeter, : jeweller, of Bond street, per Sutton and Cos., carriers, London, : On the arrival of the vesseL in England it was ascer tained that the case had been stolen. The matter.has'been reported at Scotland yard-and also to-the Melbourne. detective police, but no trace of the thief or thieves has yet been dis covered.' Somp alarm has been felt .by the Civil Ser vice in consequence of reports that the pro posed reductions in salaries are to date from, the commencement of the financial year. ' We [Argus) learn, however, that it is the intention of Ministers to give due notice of the proposed changes, and consequently the reductions will take effect either on the Ist next or the Ist January, 1881, and.the expectation is 'that the latter will be the; date'selected; \- Ministers are now employed-in rearranging the .departmental estimates with a view to curtail ing the same; and some. time must elapse before this .task' is completed. Under these circumstances it. is doubtful L,whether the Budget will be submitted before the House rises for the Exhibition holiday. We/ Oresuich Advertiser) understand that a beard ia to be at once appointed to enquire into the statement. made by Constable Moran to the Hon.'Mr Richardson, to the- effect that Messrs Cooper and .Wheeler had signed a docu ment promising to support .Catholic claims re education, and,that he (Moran) had seen the document with the Rev. Father Fennelly. The statement it will be remembered was at once denied by the three gentlemen. Messrs Cooper, and -Wheeler have been advised to prosecute Moran for slander, and we learn .that this course will most likely be adopted if the matter is not cleared up' by the board to be appointed. . Replies have been received from the Gover nors of Tasmania and Western Australia, accepting the invitation of ‘the president to be present at the opening of the Melbourne Inter national -Exhibition- on; the Ist of October. The Governor of Mew Caledonia has intimated .that the affairs of that .colony will prevent him from being present, and the officers of his suite will also.be unavoidably absent. Sir -Arthur. Gordon; Governor of Fiji, whose early departure from that' colony will prevent him from’-.attending "on the . occasion,-has also written to the president, thanking him for the cordial. invitation, and explaining the circum stances which compel him to return a negative reply. - A- football match was played on Saturday between the Warrior and Waverley olubs,'which resulted in a victory for -the Warrior by one goal and six behinds'to nil. The following played well for the Warrior :—Spain, Purdy, Clinton, Warinsley, Gordon) Crbwle, Roberts, and Quine; and for the losers, Scott, Corbett, Wrathall, M'Kenzie; and Graham. A ghost- story comes from Magambie, and is told by the local paper.as follows:—“Per sona visiting the rail way station, and those who have occasion, to. visit that locality at night,, have been greatly frightened' by seeing a * ghost.' A few.evenings ago it appeared near the end of the railway platform, and was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, arrayed in pure white. - The form was that of a female with, as far as could be discerned, a deathlike face. It was noiseless, in its movements, but glided with wonderful rapidity,/- One, of the porters, -who.has aiconsiderable.amount of courage, 'proceeded in the direction of ' the apparition, and when within easy range'fifed at it; but tohis,, astonishment, after the smoke had ■ -cleared away he found the apparition was close to him. He was perfectly terrified, < and, dropping; ,-his. gun,- made .for his. friends at lightning- speed,' One night last week, as the . half-past 9 . cab. filled with ladies and gentle men, was travelling along the railway .road towards the,, town, a short'distance from the station, the spectrum again appeared on the 1 'hill-side about •'5O yards from the cab,- and as the conveyance proceeded, so did the figure. This frightened the passengers, and especially the driver,; - so; that-. he’drbvo‘ ins horses at a fanons pace. Boon losing aior'bt of n. Itu currently reported has applied to be removed " 8^* on| a^3 at Egerton, Gordon anTn’«• t05,'1 (Wednesday), and at Warrant ““t 1 to -CS the Bungaree Ploughing J° n ctian Waf rid 7’ ifc J* P r °P° that h DT >4 hra friends and supporters at Hoi h ?, alla, l ®ii rumbaefc road, at noon; and hotel . Ba‘ visit Buninyong for the same ttSS, ti A meeting o£ members of A . ng lub " called for au M‘Phail-a hotel. Dowfing p or g* **» September nest. tts BtK be left with the secretary it / at Lester’s hotel, on Ith Ssnttk fer ’ jS' £2 to ho paid on 7th SmN t6 < match will take place on tlw ttd Champion Sheep Show, a good m B , d , at9 38 U expected and will allow an opportunity of displaying their ® hs th "» powder and shot. Further parthf i" 61 * *>'l the match wiU be found m out “ 7 18 columns. out aßfettui^ 