MUNICIPAL ASSESSMENTS AND BATES. The members of the Legislative Council have been devoting much time to the con sideration of the Municipal Corporations Bill. Thev have altered its Drovisions in many respects, and it ia open to question whether the Assembly will care to pass the measure as it now stands. The Bill has not yet passed out of the hands of the Council, who have still to consider several of its provisions in Committee. The alterations they have made are too numerous to specify in detail. It is sufficient to indicate one or two of the more important ones. One of the most material alterations is in the clause defining the mode of assessment, which was to be made on the following principles : — ' As to all property being the site of any building and of appurtenances thereto, at £o per , centum upon the value of the freehold ; and as to all property unbuilt upon, and all vacantland within the municipality, at .£8 per centum on the value of the freehold.' The object of the clause is commendable. It is to compel persons who hold land merely for speculative purposes, and in order that it may profit by their neighbours' improve ments, to pay at a higher rate than the owners of land which is built upon. As we pointed out some time ago, the clause does not, however, meet some of the most flagrant cases. We refer to those allotments in the principal streets in which miserable shanties have been erected and are allowed to remain, although buildings much more in har mony with the modern improve ments in the city have been built upon the adjoining allotments. It is very generally admitted that the present method of assessing property is anything bnt satisfactory, and that therefore some change is desirable. It is admitted on all hands that vacant ground does not contribute its fair &hare; towards the municipal rates, and the provision in the Bill has at any rate the very great merit of simplicity. Nevertheless it encounteredfvery strenu ous opposition in the Council, and Sir Henry Ayers succeeded in incorporat ing the following provisions in the place of those originally contained in the Bill : — ' Land being the site of any building and of appurtenances not ex ceeding one acre in superficial area which may be occupied therewith, according to the full, fair, and average estimated annual rent (clear of all outgoings) at which the whole would let for a term of not less than thirty years. And as to all land being the site of appurtenances which shall exceed one acre in area, and all land unbuilt upon, and all vacant land within the municipality, according to a per centage of 5 per cent, on the value of the freehold, save and except as to any area of land within the municipality comprising a block of not less than ten acres not divided by roads, and unused or used only for pastoral or agri cultural purposes. And as to all such land according to a percentage of 2\ per cent, on the value of the freehold.' ' The first part of this amendment is a reprint of the existing provision, and the latter part is intended to meet the case of large blocks of land in outside municipalities which have not been cut up into allotments. Weare afraid, however, it is doubtful whether Sir Henry Ayers's proposal will really accomplish what is wanted. The truth is the difficulty arises in part from the attempt to lay down a uniform method of assessment for all cases, although the circumstances are widely different. Even in Adelaide all the allot ments could not be built upon at once, and to country townships like Kapunda the remark applies with even greater force. If the owners of these allotments sold them they could only sell in the majority of cases to speculators. It may be worth considering whether it would not be possible to frame the clause so as to leave some measure of option to the Corporations as to the method of assessment which they will prefer to adopt. We understand the Bill received the approval of most, if not all, of the Corporations, and that being so it would be fairer that the Government proposal should be tried rather than that proposed by Sir H. Ayers. Of course it is a pity that a Consolidating Bill should have to be amended within a. short time of its being passed ; and we are almost afraid this will be found to be necessary whether the original clause is retained or the Assembly agree to the alteration 'which has been made by the Legislative Council. Hence there would be an advantage in leaving the Corporations themselves to decide what plan of assessment they will adopt i No doubt there are objections to such a \ course; and if it cannot be acted upon J we believe it will be found to be the wiser : plan for the Assembly to adhere to the ' original proposal of the Government I Another amendment which will pro- i bably attract some amount of atteti- ' tion is the alteration made ia the ' rating clauses. The Bill empowered j Municipal Councils to levy a rate for ! general purposes, without an appeal to i the citizens, of Is. Cd. ia the pound. It was decided after a con siderable amount of discussion that this, should be reduced to Is., as at present The reasons assigned were not by any means conclusive. It wa3 contended that, however applicable the clause as it originally stood mi^ht be to the Adelaide Corporation, it would operate injuriously in the case of country municipalities. It was urged that while in Adelaide there are the Park Lands and the city squares which stood in need of improvement, calls upon the municipal funds for similar pnrposes, or, at any rate, to so large an extent, did not exist in country towns, and that the power which was thus thrown into the handa of Corporations might be used to the detriment of the people. On the other hand it was pointed out that if tha Corporation of Adelaide needed a higher rate than one shilling they could summon a meeting of citizens before whom they could lay their requirements. This is no doubt true, but experience has shown that it is an extremely difficult thing for a Corporation to obtain the sanction of the citizens to any increase in its rates. It would, in our opinion, have been wiser to have allowed this provision in the Bill to remain intact Members of country - Corporations know full well the Umit3 of their power, and there is little fear that any country Corporation would go in for the higher rate of taxation if they could possibly avoid it, It is not too late yet for the Council to reconsider their decision on this point, and we trust they may yet find grounds for changing their opinions. Another material provision to which objection was taken is as to the power given to the Corporations to publish notice of rates which are unpaid for one year, and at the end of one year from that time to let the bind on which the rates are due. It was pointed out that the time given wa3 much too short, and that serious injustice had already arisen from a similar power having been exercised by District Councils. On the motion of Sir Henry Ayers, the clause was altered so as to apply only to land the rates fcr which are at least three years in arrear. There is no doubt the original clause is somewhat arbitrary, though, of course, in most cases owners of property or their agents have only themselves to blame if they allow rates to get into arrear. Nevertheless, while it is right that Corporations should have the power of recovering rates due when the owners of the hind either cannot be found or refuse to pay what is owing, it is very desirable that any unnecessary harshness should be avoided. Hence the amend ment made by the Council is on many accounts to be preferred to the provision originally contained in the clause. Jcdkihs v. thb ' Kbqisteb.'— The Fall Court have at last decided to grant a rale for a new trial in the action of Benjamin Jadkins v. Bobert Kyffin Thomas (publisher and part proprietor of the & A. Register). At Saturday's sitting of the Conrt, when the matter was called on for the reserved judgment to to be delivered, the Chief Justice said to Mr. YiUeneuve Smith, the plaintiff's counsel, 'You can take the rule at your risk. My learned colleague (Mr. Jnstiee Gwynne) thinks the ques tion worthy of farther discussion. At present I admit my impression is not very favourable te you.' Mr. Justice Gwynne jocularly added, ' Yoa can have it, Mr. Smith, if you have the courage of your opinions.' The rule was ac cordingly granted. Thb Noethbeh Teebitobt. — The Minister of Education has kindly handed us the following telegram sent by the Acting Govern ment Resident from Port Darwin on October 18:— 'Mr. Snrveyor Lindsay returned yester day, having completed the survey of the Roper iiiver. Two more natives have been arrested for participation in the murder of Holmes. Ten tons of sugarcane cuttings will leave the Government Huraery to-morrow for the De Lissa Sngax Plantation, where working is being vigorously pmhed on.' New Admi«sio5S to thb Bib. — Oa Saturday, the last day of Third Term, Messrs. Hiram Wentworth Varley, Samuel Brace EuJall, Samnel Bell Labatt, G. Watford Dempster, and Alfred James Foster were admitted on the cer tificate of the Local Board of Examiners. Mr. HeEry Upton, a Victorisn attorney, and Mr. Mark Attenborougb, an English solicitor, wore also admitted. USSS Dhfexcb Cosoiissiom. — A. circular despatch bfis been received by the Government from the Secretary of State tor the Colonies, stating that the Bight Hon. the Earl of Camperdown and Sir. Samnel Whitebread, M.P., have been appointed members of the Defence Commission, in place of the Right Hon. H. O. E Childers, &1.P., and Mr. T. Brassey, M.P. The Claud Hamilton.— The tailing of this steamer ia postponed till Wednesday, October 27, at 3 p.m. Oolootal Pebshbvbd Mbats,— 'We hear that the Orient line of steamers intend testing the meats of the Fiasco- Australian Alimentary Company, and that the Cazco took the first shipment as a trial. Telegraphic. — The inhabitants of Fort Vincent and Oorramalka are agitating for telegraphic communication with Minlaton, and in order to show their earnestness ia the nutter some of the residents of Port Vincant have offered to subscribe liberally towards the cost of the erection of the line. There can ba no doubt that the telegraph is wanted when people are willing to t&x; themselves heavily to obtain it. One gentleman has offered to give £20 and several others will also aid in a liberal manner. Gobvalesckbt HoifB, Seuafhokb. — We understand that the Collector of the Conva lescent Home has received five guineas on behalf of this institution from the Secretary of the Eight Hours Demonstration Fond. Serious Accidiwt. — A serious accident occurred at the Nairne Railway Works at the Government Farm Camp, at noon on Saturday. A young ftllow named John Bramau, while superintending loading, jumped oS a loaded track coming over the tunnels, andjjwas caught between it and the embankment, nis body being fearfully crashed by the accident. He was removed to the Adelaide Hospital. Oa enquiry last night we ascertained that the sufferer was progressing favourably. South Aubthaiias Yacht Olcb.— A com mittee meeting of this clab was held an Friday evening, October 22. It was decided, as His Excellency the Governor would not be ia atten dance on the opening day of the season, that the luncheon should be dispensed with this year. It was stated that the Port and Adelaide Bowing Clubs had consented to take part ia the day's proceedings. Ofehuto of thb Cricket Seabox. — The cricket season of 1830-81 was opened on tha Oval on Saturday by a game between the twelve selected to go to Melbourne and the next sixteen. The sixteen scored an easy victory, as they vent is first and made 106 against 44 scored by the twelve. Acctobht— Frederick Selbv, s carter in t&8 employ of Mr. Charles Hudson, cf Salisbury, was run over efty falling oS his loaded wag jh, on the Grand Jonction-roa-i, at half-p*rt 2 o'clock on Saturday afternoon. He was taken into Mn. Main's reaidtnee, and Dr. Gethingand the Port police were sent for. On their arrival he was ordered to the Casualty HojpUal, whers he W88 afterwards admitted with fractured ribs acd a broken leg. Thb VoixsTBBHa.— There was a very fair muster of the infantry on the psride- groand, Morth terr«ce,on Saturday afternoon, October 23, the occasion being the annual inspection. The men showed up in very soldierly fashion, uniforms, arms, and accoutrements in gooJ order, and the men themselves were steady. There were 24 officers, 24 sergeants, 1 sergeant-major,' buglers, 29 bandsmen, a drum-major, and 3S1 rank and file. After the roll-call, tba regiment, headed by Colonel Downe», Captain Fergusaoo, D.AJLG., Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzroy, and the I toff, marched down to MontrSore Hill to the measured music of the Military Baud under Xdectenant Onghton, making altogether a very pretty spectacle. On the Park Lsudo the com panies — eight in number — were pat through various evolutions. Tbe inarch put and subse quent movements were done with precision and steadine*s. They were exercised in deploy ing, changing front, extended order, reinforcing, voltey-firing, skirmishing, and other military operations under the eye of the Colonel, who at the dove addressed to the men a few words of practical advice and commendation. Tha regiment was then muched back to the paracle-grontr '-y way of Hindley-street and Nortb- tetrace. There was a small crowd assembled on -he Park Lands to witness the proceeding*, and the usual guard of honour of small boy* acd idlers attended the force back to quarters, thereby somewhat detracting from the dignity of their proceedings, although testifying to thctir popularity. It was remarked when the Bfen were going through their exercises on the Park Lands that they 'bad acquired a very sol oL'rly appearance, and entered into their work with evident reliih, showiug that they had appreciated tbe advantage ot drill and discipline, and were determined to attain that efficiency which is so essential to their utility as a defence force. Tfce Colonel, while he commended them for tbeir steadines* and the signs of improve ment they had exoibited,yet impressed upon them the fact that they still had much to learn, amd must not encourage among themselves the feel ing that they had reached the extent of their military training. The officers also came in for a share of commendation and caution. Surgeon Major Cliudening was in attendance during the afternoon. Fatal Accideht at Port Adelaidr. — The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at Port Adelaide on Saturday after noon, October 23, on the body of John Purves, aged between ten and eleven years, who was ran over and died that day. Mr. Joseph Lewi* wss tfce foreman. James Pnrvet, hawker, said the c?- ceased was his sou, and he joined him at Baj swattr with a horse and vegetable cart that morning. Arrived at the Prince Alfred Hotel about 11 o'clock, and vent inside to sell some vegetable) to Mrs. Ila- keudorfT. Left tbe boy sitting on a seat in the cart, and was away about two minutes. On returning to tbe road Haw the boy lyicg on it, and life was apparently gone. Tbe horse and cart bad completely turned round from east to westward, and were moving on. The horse was very quiet, and aboat eight years old. Dr. Toll, being sent for immediately, returned aod slid the boy was dead. He was not in the habit of getting down from tbe cart. Mary McKeuEs, servant at tbe Jervoit Hotel, said she witnessed the accident from the balcony. When Mr. Purves left tbe cart the boy sat still until the horse moved about after some droppings of grf enfeed scattered about, and the wheels of the cart moved back into the gutter. Then he pulled the reins to get the horse to remove the cart from it, and the animal began running, jerklog the boy out of tbe front of the cart, a wheel of which passed over him. He just moved, and a man picked him np and took him into the Prince Alfred Hotel. The man referred to, samed Donachie, gave evidence. Dr. Toll deposed that the cause of death was fracture of the skull, and tb*t from external appearances it seemed that the wheel of tbe dray went over the hend. A verdict of accidental death, without blame to anjone, wrs returned. Thb Boeder Duties. — The Government have received a telegram from Sir Henry Parkes informing them that he had signed a joint invitation with Victoria to South Australia, requesting that a conference may be held upon the Border duties, and he hoped that satis factory arrangements might result. The Chief Secretary, in reply, stated that, although he cor dially assented to the proposal, as tbe invitation had not yet reached him, he was unable to suggest any time or place for such a conference. Accidents.— A bay, named Jamei Donohue, aged five years, received a kick from a horse in the head' at Fullarton yesterday. He was removed to the Adelaide Hospital, where it was found that his aknll was fractured. On the same day John Chaplin, aged nine years, was admitted into the atme institution suffering from a broken thigh, caused by falling from a tree at West Mitcham. Thb Babrier Kakobb.— Our correspondent, writing from Umbernmberka on October 21, sajg :— ' At last we have had a welcome visita tion in the shape of heavy showeri of rain. On Friday and Saturday last we hid very heavy showers, which extended in a north- east direc tion from Outalpa to Mount Gipps, and had the effectoffillingall the waterbole*, tanks, &c.;, along the line ot tho stock route. At Tbackaringa the rain was very heavy, and the mail-driver reports a perfect sea of water there. The holes at Mingary are also all full. This is very opportune, as Mingary was completely dried out, and if the drought had continued much longer the roads would have become altogther impassable for teams or travelling stock. The weather still continues threatening, and we had another smart shower last night. The feed is growing rapidly, and we have grass in this vicinity fully six inches long. This rain will be an incalculable boon to the squatters in this district, as the paddocks have been looking very bare and teams have been frightened to face the roads on account of the scarcity of water. There are still large quantities of wool waiting to go dewn. The Mount Gipps shearers engaged in Adelaide went down a short time ago per coach. They seem to be a fine body of men, and have given general satisfaction. The weather has been very unhealthy, and anothei de»th has occurred here from the prevailing diseases of coughs and colds. In stock movements I have to report.— On the 12th, Messrs. Patterson's 200 head of cattle, from their Oobham Lake Station, Mr. W. T. Seaville in charge ; and on the 10th. Messrs. Fisher's 190 head horses, from tbeir Thurlagoona Station — both lots for Adelaide.' Yoraa Womes's Christiak Association.— On Friday evening, October 22, Mr. Matthew Barnett delivered a lecture on ' Truo Happi ness' before tbe members of tbe Young Women's Christian Association and their friends in the Pirie-»treet Lecture Hall. Mr. D. Murray, J.P., occupied tbe chair, and in addition to tbe lecture Misses Yandepeer, Lee, and other youog ladies sang a number of songs. During tbe evening a cordial invitation was given to any young women to join the Association, which, it was stated, is of a perfectly nasectarian character. It has been established about a yew, and numbers nearly forty members. Mrs. John Colton fills the office of President. Accident os thb Gatvxbb River.— On Fri day last, as Mr. William Day, farmer, of Port Gawler, was passing over the Gawler Biver at a place called Baker's Crossing, lie lost a pair of valuable horses by drowning. Mr.Day himself had a very narrow escape from losing hia own life, bat he managed to battle successfully with the stream, although he had to swim some distance. He made every effort to save his bones and wagon, bat they were carried down by the strong current. South ArsTEAms Swdat-School Uiiioic. — A scholars' service in connection with the annual meetings of this Union was held at the Town Hall on Saturday afternoon, October 23, and was largely attended. The service of sons, entitled ' Children's Messiah,' wat given by the scholars and teachers, Mr. J. Shakspeare acting as organist and musical director. The con nective readings were read by the Rev. E. M. Hunter, and the Bsv. C. Manthorpe delivered an address suitable to the occasion. Gavtlhb Railway Statiok.— The Qawler Standard, writes :— u We reported tome time sgo that important changes were impending amongst the officials at the Gawler Railway Station. Since then Mr. George Anderson, the ticket clerk, hat been suspended, and an examination is being made into his accounts, owing to alleged irregularities. It is also rumoured that more complaints reach the department ia Ade laide about tbe peculiar way in which thins* sre conducted at tbe Gawler Station than about all tbe other stations on the North line pat together, and that unless an improvement takes place sweeping alterations will be made amongst those in charge.' Bask Chakges.— The Port Pirie Gazette re ports: — 'There are to be some ehaoges in the management of the local Banks during tbe next fortnight. Mr. W. H. Ross, JJP., Barak of South Australia, goes to Port Adelaide to assume management there; and Mr. W. R. Tothill, J.P., Bank of Adelaide, proceeds to the same place cm a like mission for hi» institution. Neither of their successors at Port Pirie has yet been appointed.' Albbet TTatx GiKMAir Club.— The Black Diamond Minstrels will give an entertainment in the Albert Hall this evening, the proceed! of which are to be devoted towards the building fondofthehalL Leots Relict Fvxd.— Mr. Crocker Smith's concert on behalf of this fond realized between £28 and £29 net. . Dk Yorno'a Ixsoivhtct.— The examination in re S.De Young's insolvency will be proceeded with this scorning before Mr. Commissioner Downer. Tow* Hall Popclah OtwcBHTS.--Herr Otto Btange's concert, under the auspices of the Mayor and the City Council, took place on Saturday night in the Town Hall. So far as the entertainment itself was concerned it was very successful, bat the attendance was not so large as could have been wished. No doubt many persons were deterred from venturing out bv the inclement state of the weather, for an attractive programme was drawn up, and tbe names of some of the performers were of them selves a guarantee that a treat was in store. Mr. W. R. Pybus played with masterly execu tion two soli on the grand organ — the overture from KoMiui's 'L'ltaliana if Alglerl,' a diffi cult piece and seldom performed in Adelaide, aud ' Hall'* Grand March.' Che German element prt dominated in the singing, several choruses being given by the .Fidilataa Society — Helm's *'Fuer die Freibeit,' MarachnerV * Freiheit,' .Mangold's ' Mein lietxter Aufen thalt,' and thftJ* tiolditrs' Chorus' from ' Fauit.' These were all rendered with remarkable steadi ness and praise iroitby taste and expression. Without queation the proficiency to which the Fidelitai Society have attained is in a large measure due ta tbe skill and unwearied efforts of their conductor, HerrStange. Theaudieace' did not stint their applause of each per formance by tbe hocixty, and insisted on the iepitetion of the ' Soldiers' Chorus,' which Wjs ficflleutly sung. Gortaer Scholz's bass solo with chorus, entitled 'Auf der Wacht,' was also gixen by Mr. Nieicho and members of tbe Fidelitas; and later ou tbe same composer's tenor solo, with chorus, ' Schlumm re mein Lieb,' was sung by Mr. H. Menz aod the Society. In both instances no iucouaid«rable success was achieved, especially in regard to the former. The most pleasing feature of the concert wat the singing of Mies Minna Fitcher. At all times her appearance is warmly welcomed, but on no former occasion has she »o richly deserved tbe encomiums of her numerous admirers. She was in capital voice, and jusa in tbe mood for using it effectively, as was shown by her rendering of tho aria 'Uiid; ob die Wolke sie verhiille,' from 'Der Freischutz.' This so captivated the audience that they recalled here, and slie then sang 'Scenes that are brightest.' Miss Yandepeer gve Gabriel's beautiful contralto [song, 'Sad heart, O take thy rest,' Mr. Pybus playing an obbligato on the organ which greatly* heightened the effect. Her singing was encored, and she responded by giving the well-known ballad 'The bennle hills of Scotland.' Miss Vandepecr aod MUs Fischer antsequentlv sang Wallace's duet 'Sainted Mother,' and its repetition wax clamorously demanded. Tbe only other con spicuous item on the vocal part of tho entertainment was tbe performance of tho qnin tette in tho second act of Flotow's 'Martha' by Misses Taenber and Vandepeer, and Messrs. Menz, Taeuber, and Niescbe. It was lairly well *? sung, but would have gone better it it had been rehearsed oftener than the performers appeared to have done. The voices were not sufficiently balanced, and there wrs a tendency on the part of one or two of the singers to ' go alone.' Mr. Greenfield, an amateur violiniit, delighted tbe audience by his playing of Spohr's ' Barcarolle,' and Schumann's ' Slumber Song' for tbe violin. His bowing was quite professional, and the accuracy and delicacy of the tones he brought out took every one who had not previously hoard him by surprise. The performance was loudly encored, and he responded by playing Tyrolean expressive little ballad, ' Heimweh.' He after wards played a fantasia on themes from w Lucia di Lammermoor,' which was also encored, when he gave a most pathetic rendering of *' Poor Old Joe.' Regarding tbe concert as a whole, thd director, Herr Stange, is to be complimented for having provided so enjoyable an affair. Adelaide ahd Himdmahsh Tbamwat.— The formal opening of the Adelaide and Hind marsh Tramway took place on Saturday, at 2 o'clock, His Excellency Sir W. Jervois officiating on the occasion. Five cars started from Howell'i Corner at tbe above hour, and carried the Governor, members of Parliament, members of Tramway Boards, shareholders, and ordinary visitors to the Hindmarsh terminus, where His Excellency declared the line open for traffic. The company then partook of refreshments iu the carriBge- house, which was prepared for tho occasion, and a number of toasts were proposed acd responded to. His Excellency and most of the members of Parliament returned to the eity direct, bat a few of the visitors availed them selves pf an invitation from the Holdfast Bay Railway Company and visited Glenelg in the . afternoon. Tbe line now opened, which it three miles and forty-three chains in length, and was constructed for less than £3,000 per mile, is only one of the lines authorized in the Com panj'sAct. The Oomp«y have power to cousf^^i other portions, whioh, when made.eught to torm a very pay isg tramway. One length provided for will enable them to branch down West- terraca from the Mile-Knd-rond and along Waymouth ktrcet to King WiWam-street, then round to Hindley-street over the Adelaide and Suburban rails. Thus traffics can be brought in by Way mouth-street and taken out by Hindley- otrcet, tr vice versa. Seven tramways altogether arc provided for in the Act, five running in various directions from the present terminus at Hind marsh. Power is given either for steam or horse traction. It will be seen from an adver tisement in another portion of this issoe that. cars will in future start hourly from each end of the line, except during one honr in the middle of the day — from Adelaide at each hoar. Hindmarsh at half-paat. There is a special time-table for Sundays. The fares are arranged on tbe same scale as on the Adelaide and Subur ban lines. Mr. BuflXBTT at Port Adbluw:. — The temperance crusade at Port Adelaide now obtaining was marked on Saturday night by an outjdoor demonstration, followed by a mass meeting, over which Mr. Bawer presided. Mr. Burnett received a cordial welcome from several ministers of religion and temperance workers. A large number of pledges was administered. Oliver's New Bciuhno. — Mr. H. Oliver, the cabinetmaker, has erected a large three storied warehouse at the corner of Pulteney and Flinders streets, where his former promises, which were recently destroyed by fire, stood. The new building is very substantial, and presents qnite an imposing appearance. It is built of dark stone with brick facings, and his a frontage of 50 feet to Flinders-street and 66 feet to Falteney-street,* whilst the total height of the structure is about 4(i feet. The ground floor is arranged as a abop and dwelling. The shop measures 50 feet x SS feet, with a ceil ing of 14 feet from tho Hoar, snd it has an extensive plateglass front, which would grace any establishment in tbe heart of the city. The first floor is left in one space, 68 x 60 feet,outsir'e memurement, the intention being to make it a general showroom. The ceiling of this room is of the nnnsnal height of 18 feet. The top floor, which is set apart as a storeroom, is also left in one space, snd is 11 feet in height. A peculiarity in tbe building is thit the cornice of tho roof is made of galvanized iron instead of cement, and measures no less than 3 feet deep by 2 feet of projection. This was made by Messrs. Monk & Tenby, and it ia claimed for it that it cannot bo e quailed for Jightnem, durability, and cheapness. Tbe whole of the building has been erected from the plans and under the personal supervision of the proprietor (Mr. Oliver), assisted by Mr. Power, at a cost of about £2,600. Peofbbeoe Pbpfbb'b Ghost KirrKBTAUnrarr. — Sensation lovers again assembled in large numbers at Garner's Theatre on Saturday night to witness Prof ewior Pepper's ghostly apparitions. There wss a change of programme, and the entertainment taken altogether was if anything better than any of its predecessors. Many ot the ghostly visitants were highly (amus ing, and the ah'.dow pantomime was intensely comical, eliciting roars of laughter. Not tbe least enjoyable part of tbe entertain ment was tbe exhibition of a number of ? dioramic views illustrative of ' a walk through London.' These pictures are very faitbrul repres entations of tbe buildings of London, and are magnified and thrown on the screen with admirable distinctnens. Tbe entertainment will be repeated to-night, and the Professor, wo understand, will give popular loctnres on astro nomy to children en 'Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday next. Nobth Adelaide Yocko Hkh'b Sucibtt.— The lecture by tbe Rev. O. Copland on ' Wil liam Wilberforce,1' in connection with tbe above Society, at the Brougham-place Congregational Lecture Hall, is postponed, in consequence of th& indisposition of the rev. gentleman. Thb AccuKAnzATiojr Society's MEHTmo.— In our report ef the annual meeting of this Society, published on Saturday last, the name of the Hon. Af B. Murray, M.L.O., was inad vertently mentioned ss ore of the speakers instead of Mr. D. Murray. Suddrm Death. — A man named Benjamin Phillips died suddenly at the Green Dragon Hotel on yesterdoy afternoon. The deceased Lad been tiling for some time, and was dis charged from the Adelaide Hospital last April. The Coroner has been cammuaicated with. 