MYRA-'S HOUSE. Myra's mother was my first client: I have good reason to thank God for that. I had been waiting so long for business which never came that when at last the door did open, and I saw it waa neither the newsboy, the ashman, nor the washerwoman, but a possible client, my heart warmed toward the new-comer. Only last week I asked her how she came to talk so freely to me that morning long ago. She answered : "The truth is, Charlie, I suppose I had got so hungry for kindness, and so tired of keeping things to myself, that when I saw somebody who looked as if he didn't mean to take advantage of me I couldn't help talking. I was like the earth when it has been frozen by long winter, and feels at last somehow it is spring. I think I felt as the ice does when the warm air sets it running." I remembered the anxious, lonely, careworn look which has quite vanished from the dear face now, and thanked God that she had been my first client. If she had come in the busy days when clients had grown plenty she might have found in me more of winter than of summer. Only yesterday, when a woman entered the office, I said to myself, " Women—everlasting talkers—never know their own minds— always think everybody is going to cheat them." But a vivid memory checked the thought, I hope, before a glance had disclosed it. Whenever the Belfishness of age begins to chill in me the generous sympathies of youth may some good angel move me to look into Myra's eyes ! " I came," said my first client, " to see you about my daughter Myra's house. It's all she has: the tenant don't like to pay the rent— we've been greatly bothered about it—and now Mr. Stickney says he'll sue me for libel if I a word about money. Myra don't want any fuss in court, so I thought I'd just step in and ask you what we had better do, seeing you are a lawyer and we're two lone women." " Sit down, ma'am," I said ; " my mother was a widow. I will help you if I can: let me hear your story." She took the proffered chair, and the tired expression slowly faded from her face as she proceeded : " My name is Mrs. Coutts. I've kept boarding-house off and on—mostly on— for nigh fifteen years. It may have been my bad luck, but it has always been a hard life for me, trying to please everybody and make one dollar overtake another in hand. What with my heart in my mouth on account of fish-bones and children, and people turning up their noses at my butter and hemming and hawing about the price of board, and high-fliers clearing out and forgetting to pay, and napkins always falling short, and good cooks getting drunk, and bad ones dropping hair in the soup and sending in the mutton raw,—I've been so badgered and worried that it would often have been a relief to go away for an hour, if only to have a tooth pulled. " It seemed as if you were the whole world to your mother, didn't it 1 but somehow a boy can't be so near as a girl a girl is always at your apron strings. At night, when the dishes were washed and everything settled down, there was Myra, always sweet and innocent-looking. Did you ever see a brown, scaly root like an onion ? that's me; and did you ever see the pure white lily that grew out of it? that's Myra. She was like her father who has been in heaven many a year—where your mother is. When night came it just rested me to look at her. She trotted up and down stairs and along the pavements after me as busy as a bee, but you'd thought to see her asleep, she had been playing in Paradise all day and dreaming of heaven all night. She waa the real contented kind. I was willing to work my fingers to the bone for Myra. Everybody loved the child when Bbe was little, and they loved her more as she grew bigger. She was tip top at her lessons j she did her sums beautiful and sang like a bird. Sometimes I used to think I ought to teach her about housework and such like. But girls, if they live long enough, are pretty sure to have a heartbreaking time somewhere, somehow, BO I did my potwalloping myself, and let my bit of sunshine take it easy while she could. I don't say I ought to have done j ust so; I only say I did Myra wasn't one to scuffle through the world as- I could. So, like the wind from the gardenbed, my pet came and went through the house as she pleased, and made everybody glad that looked upon her. " Well! Mrs. Street lived opposite us. Mr. Street had the biggest store, filled with silks and satins, and he had no end of money in bank. His son Frank used to walk to school with my Myra and carry her books and slate. I can't remember when they were first sweet on each other. I might have known how it would all end—it was not natural that rich folks should want their only son to marry a girl who had not a cent and whose mother kept a b°arding-house. I always liked Frank, though, he had such straightforward eyes. And Mrs. Street used to ask Myra to tea every once and awhile—just on account of Frank, you know. Why, I watched those two just as I would children playing jackstraws, they did have such a good time. " One day, before I began to think of such a thing (Myra had just put on long dresses), Frank came to me, as shamefaced as a girl, and real manly-looking, too, and he said, ' Mrs. Coutts, I want Myra for my wife, and I'll try and take good care of her.' What could I say? ' Mr. Frank, I'll give you an answer tomorrow,' was what I told him. I made up my mind to go to Mrs. Street's, and if Myra was not welcome in the family I'd rather she would break her heart at once than be snubbed and die by inches. She was my child, but she was good enough to be the wife of the king of England. My eyes were open wider than a hawk's all that night, and I kept thinking over and over how I would stand up to Mrs. Street and battle for Myra. The next morning, after I had brought my basket home irom market, 1 determined to go. First, I thought I would put on my black silk dress that my husband's old partner had sent me four years before. But I was too proud; she must take me as I was, and I would go in my every-day rig. So I crossed over to Mrs. Street's house. There were blue satin chairs in the parlor, and when I saw two women in brown stuff frocks walk towards me out of the big-looking glasses, I sort of wished I had worn the other dresa that was hanging up in the closet at home. "Mrs. Street was in the room watering some ivies, and she said, very friendly like—' Good morning, Mrs. Coutts ; won't you sit down ?" " 1 Xo, I thank you, ma'am,' was all I could answer; ' I must soon be at home to get dinner. I just come to see you on a little business;' and then I blurted it right out at once : ' It's about Myra. I have never enticed your son Frank, and if you would rather he'd marry some rich fine lady it would suit me just as well.' I trembled so that I had to hold on to a big stuffy chair. Myra was all I had, you know. Mrs. Street took my rough brown hand in her soft white one, just as if I was sick with fever, and she said/Why, Mrs. Coutts, Myra is the dearest girl in the world, and I know all about it.' " I was took right down; I couldn't say a word. If she had pitched into me I could have talked all day like a book ; I waa primed to fight for Myra ; but I hadn't allowed for this, and I was such an old fool that though I was in that grand parlor, Iboo-hooed light out, tor Myra was the apple of mv eye. I can't tell you how I felt; I believe I could have lain right down and let Mrs. Street walk over my body into heaven while I stayed outside. I felt she would be so good to Myra. I seemed to be walking on air, and it sparkled with golddust. And the young people ! Myra went about as if she was moving to some tune that was singing inside of her, aud Frank looked as if he owned heaven for himself, and to give away to everybody besides. " After awhile they were married. She was such a picture in her wedding-dress! Frank had her painted playing on a harp, and put in a gilt frame over the mantelpiece. It kind of made the whole room bright, and a body felt as if there was not trouble anywhere and nothing but youth and hope in the world. II Myra could go straight to heaven looking that way, no one would notice that she was different from the other angels. " Mr. Street gave them the nicest little house, and it was fixed up with tho 'cutest furniture. I don't think Myra would know much about money matters ; I should as soon have expected one of the winged boys on the valentines to have a pocket for cash as Myra to be saving— but she took to managing, and kept house beautifully. Everything went on like clockwork, and they lived like birds for two years. She was as neat and handy iD the kitchen as if I had done nothing but teach her cooking, and then she'd away to the piano and you'd hear her voice ringing all through the house. J ust so a swallow dives down a chimney and attends to its housekeeping, and then springs up fresher and brighter than ever, and skims through the air above the tree-tops twittering with all its might, because it is so chockful of joy that it cannot hold in another minute, " When people are just satisfied and happy, then look out for a change; from the time of the Shining Mount until now—you may know it is too good to last. Frank was a lawyer, and a real smart one too. He had lots of business, he had such a pleasant way. You have a look in your eyes like Frank. But he grew weakly—liad some inward disease, and his father wanted him to go to Europe. So Myra left her baby with me, and they went in a big ship to the old country. Dear-bought and farfetched may be good for well people, but home is the place for sick folks. Myra always wrote that Frank was getting better, but he had taken a little cold, or he was tired, but he would Boon be strong again. You see, she couldn't face it, but I knew what was coming. They travelled about from pillar to post; they went to Carlsbad for the baths to Nice for the climate; to somewhere else for the good living. I don't believe they ever_got one such beefsteak as I could broil for them. They had no fires; they were starving for home comforts, and the doctora could do nothing but charge, charge. At last my little Myra was left alone in that great big strange country. Her mother was not with her when the great sorrow rolled over her. We don't know what we can stand till it comes. A friend heard of her affliction and brought her home. A piteous expression passed over my client's face as she looked at me and said, " When I first saw Myra you don't know how she had broke. She stood opposite her picture, looking pale as a ghost in her black dress and widow's cap; you would have known that the river of death had rolled between her and the girl who was holding the harp. Maybe I ought to have told her "of the shadow that was coming. But how could my crushed lily have stood against such a hailstorm 1 All the preparation, in the world could not have helped her. { "Everybody was so kind to her, and little Frankie grew more like his father everyday. Some of the hopeless look wore out of my darling's face, and in time she seemed more willing to live for her child. " What with grief for his son, and not having a lawyer to attend to his business after Frank died, Mr. Street seemed to get into all sorts of trouble. He had retired and given up his store long before. But he was old ; he talked all about, his private matters to strangers. " I am growing old too." She smiled as she said that, but continued as before : " He was easytempered, and kept signing his name, when people asked him to. Y«u see, there were plenty of scamps thought he had lots of money that they might as well pick up as not. I wish Abraham Street had never known how to write. Nobody ever got any good of all tliese signings, but he wa» cheated and tormented and pestered till his life became a burden. He sold the big house and satin furniture and great glasses and all, but he never got any money. i " Somebody cabbaged the money Mr. Street had worked and raked and scraped all his life to make. Then Mr. and Mrs. Street moved into Myra's house, and his troubles kept the poor old man awake nights till he just gave up and died, and his wife died soon after of a broken hearf;, "And when his affairs ware looked into, there was not a cent left—only the house that was given to Myra when she was married. That was hers. She could not eat it or drink it or make it into jackets for Frankie, you know; so I persuaded her to come and live with me and let the house furnished. I scoured it as clean as a new pin, and fixed all Myra's pretty vases and things about on the cunning little brackets, and it looked so nice and cozy that I thought everybody would rush for it. Then I advertised it for forty dollars a month. Myra was not one of the talking kind, and I did not want her put down or imposed upon; so I went to stay with her when people came to look at the house. If you ever want to know how hateful and tossy and bossy and snubby real nice people can be, just let them come to rent a house of you when you're nothing but a woman. You would have thought everyoue had come from a marble palace, and that Myra's house was a shanty, they seemed so stuck up. A stranger in a linen blouse rampaged through the house as if he had but two minutes to catch the train, merely remarking, 'No modern improvements.' I suppose the words came from his throat and not from his pocket steam-whistle. Another gentleman tiptoed through the rooms with his hands under his coat-tails and his nose in the air. He never even said ' good morning' to Myra, but only 'Too much, too much, and you'll find it so.' Then with his boot he kicked to pieces a little dandelion that grew in the courtyard. It was one of Frankie's playthings, and there was a yellow posy on it every morning for him ; I was real glad that man did not take the house. Plenty of pleasantlooking people came, but there were too many cubbyholes or too few cupboards, or it was too dark or too light, till at last a sweet-spoken lady came, with an ostrich feather in her hat that must have costa month's rent. She seemed so sorry for Myra—said her heart ached for her, and she knew how hard it must be for her to give up a dear home where she had been so happy. She prowled around for an hour, and then she said to us, as soft as a pussy-cat, ' I will take the house—the furniture I will allow to stand where it is ; I don't object even to the pictures—and I would like a door cut through the east bedroom to the next chamber, and new grates in the parlour. I would like the whole house thoroughly painted, whitewashed, and cleaned, I will pay thirty dollars a month, and you will get a firdt-class, genteel tenant.' > "My hands were smarting with scrubbing and dusting; this fine lady did not know a clean house when she saw it. Do you wonder I was out of patience and tired of palavering 1 T was filling up every minute, and I said to madam, about as amiably as if I was first cousin to a snapping-turtle, ; You can't have it, ma'am.' She tossed up her head and walked off in high disdain, her feather streaming out behind her. " It was natural I should fire up sometimes when eople turned up their noses at our pretty little Eouse and found forty faults with it, and were not willing to give half the price they ought to. They haggled about the rent and abused ,the place till I couldn't stand it. Wasn't it aggravating when it had been good enough for my Myra ? One man said there was no cistern, no dumb-waiter, and he was afraid of the dust: he thought there were too many wagons going by. So I spunked right up and said, ' No, sir, there is no cistern,; nor dumbwaiter, nor cupola, nor hanging gardens, nor chime of bells ; there are no fireworks thrown in, and we can't afford to have the street moved a square off on account of the dust. We can't keep festoons of flowers or flags hanging out of the windows either, for forty dollars a month.' Myra had to quiet me—sort of stroke me down. " One woman stood up on a chair, and, poking up her parasol to a mark as big as a fly, asked if that was a spot on the paper ; she could not quite see, she said. I wished it had been one of those tarantulas that come in bunches of bananas, and had dropped on her, I felt so spiteful. Myra had borne such great troubles I could not bear to have such tiny pins stuck into her. " The visitors were afraid the house leaked or smoked or did something else; they were so crabbed and contrary that I was about plagued to death. They came and went, and came and went, like nightmares after Welsh rabbit. At last Mr. Stickney came—a nice, respectable-looking person. He seemed up to the mark, promised fair, agreed to pay punctually every month. I took along breath, and we thought all would be right. The first I month he said the stove needed tinkering and the gas fixtures were out of order ; it would take the whole month's rent to fix them up, but these were permanent improvements and would increase the value of the property. He seemed plausible: Frankie needed some new clothes, ;but we had no money thai; month. Well, next pay-day it was something else, aud he took it out of the rent— permanent improvement again : and so it has been for six months : he has never paid a cent. He looks as satisfied and grand as if lie owned the world when I ask him as civil as I can for Myra's rent. It made me real saucy to see him, with his chew of tobacco in his mouth, domineering over daughter and me.) "' Mrs. Coutts,' he said, ' women don't know anything about business' (the old fogey!); ' they can't understand the whys and wherefores of trade.' " ' You are very smart, Mr, Stickney,' I replied, ' and very polite besides ; but anyone, even a woman, can tell that when a man rents a house and lives in it he ought to pay. We don't know anything about business perhaps—mores the pity. If we were not meant to know something about business, why were our natural protectors taken away ? They would not allow wolves and Stickneys to cheat aud swindle us ; and it stands to reason we ought to know enough to take care of ourselves.' " It's no use for me ever to go there again ^ I came to you to help us, for I am at my wit's end." " What about the libel, Mrs.-Coutts ?" I ventured A slight drawing of the corner of her mouth indicated that the subject was not altogether an unpleasing one to my client. "Do you think," she replied, "there is any harm in sending a Bible to a man who don't seem ever to have read one 1 I made a present to the Stickney man of a twenty-five cent Testament, with the leaf turned down at the verse about devouring widow's houses, and you'd have thought it was a rattlesnake, he was so furious. Do you think, she asked, a little anxiously, " they could harm Mvra because I gave him that Testament ? He told me he would suo us for libel: and all on account of a dog's ear in the good book !" she said with a smile. . r. " Another question I want to ask you is, Way dil you call on me?" She smoothed her handkerchief very deliberately over her knees, and ironed it with her hand as she replied, " Well, you used to pass by my house every morning, and vou stepped so pearl; and looked so fresh and young I thought perhaps you might not know as much law as some of the big bugs, but 1 didn't believe you'd had time to forget your own mother, and maybe vou would have the heart to help a poor distracted mo'ther get the right for her child. I never meant to talk so long, but the way you spoke of your mother opened my heart, and everything came out before I could stop." That decided me. The appeal was made to one suffering from an attack of that home-sickness which never comes but once, when the youth has left home for good, is in the midst of strangers, waiting for business, and his unoccupied time gives him leisure to dwell on the state ofithings for ever behind him. „ "I will attend to your case, Mrs. Coutts, 1 said promptly, "and it shall not be my fault if this swindling goes on any longer." _ We hear a great deal of the oppressions and cruelties of landlords. From Miss Edgewortha representative Attorney Case to the hard-hearted collectors of shillings in our day, landlords are supposed to take delight in abusing their tenants. But this was clearly a case where the tenant was the unjust party, and the landlord—or rather tlie landlady—was the sufferer. . I went to see " my daughter Myra,' and visited Mr. Sticknev also. The arguments of a man and a lawyer in the course of time proved effectual, and afterward the money was promptly paid. But M.r. Stickney has moved away: Myra's mother is my mother now. We are living in Myra's house, and, whatever other people may think, it is enough for me to know that she is satisfied with her new tenant. That is the reason why I thank God that Myra's mother was my first client.—C.C.C. —Lippincott's. Clergymen frequently administer personal rebukes from the pulpit. The best we can remember was that of an Irish curate whose Christian name was Joseph. He had been promised, a living by a mem- ber of the great Butler family previous to his coming to the title and the estates. The promise waa not redeemed, and on the first opportunity thecurate had of preaching before the powerful nobleman, he selected for his text the conclusion of the fortieth chapter of Genesis: "Yet did not the chief butler remember Joseph, but forgot him." The Irish Joseph speedily obtained the gift of a valuable ll V A ragged, shivering, middle-aged man called at a house and asked for food, but the lady of the house called out: " Why don't you work for food? ^ 1 would if I knew where I could find work, he promptly replied. " There's a place down town where you can saw wood and earn your dinner, she continued. This seemed to arrest him for half a minute, but he finally said, with great solemnity: Madam, let me state a parallel case. There is a place in heaven for you, but you don't want to die till you are driven to it." She pondered over his philosophy for a few seconds, and then called to the cook to pass out half a loaf of bread and some meat. The Rev. John Brown, of Haddington, was in the habit of proposing on festive occasions a certain young lady as his toast. Having abandoned the practice, he was asked for a reason. " Because," said he, " I have toasted her for sixteen years without making her Brown, and so I've resolved to toast her no more." The " CHRISTIAN COLONIST" is a weekly religious newspaper. It consists of eight pages as large as that under the eye of the reader, ana is quite unsectarian. It is brim full every week of interesting and instructive matter. It is just the paper which every family should take._ The children are specially remembered. The subscription is only six shillings a year, paid in advance; send your order, enclosing stamps, to the office, Victoria-square East, Adelaide. 