CRICKET NOTES. ("By White Sose.1 Thursday, February 12. I am delight d to think that the merit of Sonth Australian cricket has at length been recognised, and that Jarvis is now tolerably certain to go home with the Australian Combined Eleven. The team will now be more worthy the name of a combined team, thongh only three colonies will be directly represented. However, this is jnst the same as was the case last time, only that a South Aus tralian will take the place of a Tasmanian. The almoBt universal feeling in this colony is that Jarvis is the right man in the right place, and that be will do credit to the colony as well as to himself. There are two other men who ran him close for premier position, namely, Noel and Giffen; but if clnb prejudices are put on one aide, moat candid persona will admit that at the present moment Jarvis is the best batsman in the colony. He is the highest aggregate and the highest average scorer in South Australia this season, and I question whether his " record'' is surpassed by many of the other members of the Eleven. In Asseciation (first-class) matches he hBs scored 472 rnns this season, or an average of 47 per innings. In special matches be has the extraordinary averaje of 87 runs, and in oap matches of 30 runs per innings. Apropos of the Australians' visit to England, I may add that a team of American cricketers is being organized to do battle against Ecglish players in the old country. The Australian Eleven had an uncommon ex perience at Newcastle, where the whole of them were disposed of in the second innings for' 31 rnns. Still, they managed to defeat the Northern Twenty-two, whose aggregate score in the two innings was only 100. It mnst have been quite a treat to see Spofforth and Palmer bowl those 21 wickets for less than two rans each. "The rain, of coarse, had a great deal to do with the distinctiveness of the bowling on both sides. The Eleven only scored 90 and 31, and the Twenty- two 62 and 38. For the cracks Blackham was top scorer, with 22 to his credit. Last Saturday's match on the Oval was more amusing than instructive, as the newspaper critics say when they want to show that an audience laughed at instead of with a lecturer. There was a good deal of play, but not much cricket, or rather the cricket was all on the one side and the play was on the other. Perhaps the fun was equally divided, but the spectators shared in a little. The matoh, considered as such, was a failure. As an outing for the countrymen it was perhaps a success, and they certainly will now be able to say what many better cricketers cannot say, namely, that they once played on the Adelaide Oval. The match was cot one of which much of a review need be given. The innings of the Southern Eighteen was a sorry spectacle, not one man getting into double figures, and the whole team being put out for 42 runs. But low scoring is by no means a rarity on the Adelaide Oval, and might have been passed over with little comment. The thing, however, for which the Southern representatives will be remembered is -for the quantity of their bowling. Fourteen out of the eighteen men tried their hands with the ball—a cumber such as has never before been equalled in the history of cricket in this colony. But the almost infinite variety and the exceeding liberal quantity did not make up for the de ficient quality, and Jarvis and the other bats men treated each new bowler much as Macbeth treated the last few ghosts when he bad become used to their forerunners. They laughed at each new variety, and in effect, if not in words, they welcomed the now arrivals. Though the Association men scored very freely, their batting, as a whole, was not first-class. Nearly every man had an extra life given him. The innings played by Richards was perhaps the best of the day, though he only scored 41, while the crack (Jarvis) reached 60, and carried out his bat. Pettinger made some sweet leg- hits, and showed that his pretty style has not departed, but is coming to the front again. Hide did well with bat and ball— 20 runs, and 7 wickets for 18 runB; but the lion's share of the wickets fell to Giffen, who may yet make it hot for some of the clubs in the remaining cup matches. He got 9 wickets for 24 runs; but then country wickets are rarely thought as much of as those of town players. The fielding of the visitors waB not up to the Australian Eleven standard. I hope their visit to Adelaide has done them good; but I would have preferred to see a stronger team. We have too many one-sided games on the Oval. The matches next Saturday have some little interest attaching to them; but in regard to one of the games—South Australian v. Kent—it is a negative kind of interest, as the only question to be decided is—who shall go to the bottom of the list ? Each has lost half a dozen matches, and, in addition to the usual uncertainty of cricket, these two clubs are intrinsically un certain. I fancy the Kents have the best of it, especially if the South Australians come into the field with one of their happy-go-lucky picked at-the-last-moment teams. The other match —Hindmarsh v. Kensington — should be a pretty good one, and rumour has it that the KenBingtoDS believe they will wiD, especially as F. Sharland, a splendid young school-bat (late captain of the Prince Alfred College team), has joked them. The cricket in Melbourne on Saturday last was not particularly exciting. On the M.O.G. ground the match between Melbourne and South Melbourne was continued, and the Souths, ccored 183 against 227 made by their opponents the previous week. When stamps were drawn the M.O.O. had two wickets down for 33. For South Melbourne Major played a fine innings for 44 before being run out, W. H. Cooper made 25, and Treadaway 29. A one day's match was played between the E.M.O. and Carlton on the ground of the former. Carlton scored 227 Jones making 61 and Scown 51 not out. The E M.C. had only time to make 32 for the loss of 3 wickets before stumps were drawn. In Sydney on Saturday week the University team met Carlton on the Association Ground. Carlton scored 174, of which Nunn made 77 and Geary 26; and the 'Varsity men had 2 wickets down for 15 when play ceased for the day. Garrett is playing with the University team and got 3 wickets for 50, and 3 runs not out. CenturieB are now becoming quite common. They have bad six of them * in Tasmania lately, the heroes being G. H. Bailey (of the first Australian Eleven), who scored 183 against the Peep o' Day; E. H. Butler, who made 119 against Derwent 'in the same match, but was missed several times; J. M. Martin, the pick of northern Tasnianian batsmen, while playing against the Victorian Bohemians who paid the tight little bland a visit the other day; 0. Butler (162), and Boddain (115), while playing against the same team at Hobart Town ; and Tobin, 189 not out for the Bohemians. The scoring on both sides was extraordinarily high, the Tasmaman innings closing for 478, and the Bohembns scoring 350, for a loss of only five wickets. It very rarely happens that three cen-. | turies are made in one match, but then it does not always happen that the wickets are as good as those at Hobart Town. The match was drawD, or a gigantic total might have been made in the match. Martin (not the W. Martin who was in Adelaide three' seasons ago) scored 28 and 106, but the Bohemians nad the best of it nevertheless by ten wickets. The Launceston team scored 101 and 260; the Bohemians 291 and 71 without the loss of a wicket. There was some big individual scoring on both sides, and especially by well known Melbourne players. E W. Wellington got £6 and 31 not out, A. F. Robinson 54 and 34 not out, and Austin Loughnan 43. 