THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. ( A private soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken / before the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during J divine service. The account of it is thus given in an Eng- \ lish journal — " A sergeant commanded the soldiers at ( church, and while there the parson had read the prayers C and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, r but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, ) but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before ) him. He first looked at one card and then at another. \ The sergeant of the company saw him, and. said, 'Richard, ( put up the cards, this is no place for them.' 'Nevermind ( that,' said Richard. r When the services were over the constable took Richard » a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' C said the Mayor, 'what have you brought the soldier here f for ?' ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, \ what have you to say for yourself ?' ' Much, sir, I hope.' , ' Very good ; if not, I will punish you severely.' ' " ' I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on ) the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer v book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions.' ) Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with , the ace. "' When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but ) one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father ) and Son. v " 'When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the ) four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and , John. " ' When I see the five it rpminds me of the five wise ) virgins that trimmed their lamp3. There were ten, but \ five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. "'When I see the six it reminds me that in six days r the Lord made heaven and earth. ) " ' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the \ seventh day God rested from the great work which he r made and hallowed it. ? " ' When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight i righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed C the world — viz., Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and f their wives. V " ' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers C that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out ? of ten who never returned thanks, , I ' ' When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten command- \ ments which God handed down to Moses on the table of ( stone. V <" When I see the king, it reminds me of the great V King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. f " ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of J Shcba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise woman \ as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, r all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell ) which were boys and which were girls. The king sent \ for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the r elbows, and the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told J by that. ( "'Well,' said the Mayor, 'you have described every r card in the pack except one.' j " ' What is that 7' C " ' The knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your Honor r a description of that too if you will not be angry.' ' I will ) not,' said the Mayor, if you do not term me to be the ( knave.' 'The greatest knave I know is the constable r who brought me here.' ' I do not know,' said the Mayor, ) ' if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool.' r " ' Wheu I couut how many spots there are in a pack of / cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, 'as many days as \ there are in a year. When I count the number of cards / in a pack I find fifty-two — the number of weeks in a year. \ I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing f the number of months in a year, and on counting the ) tricks 1 find thirteen — the number of weeks in a quarter. \ So you see a pack of cards serve for a "Bible, almanac, ( and common prayer book." ' " 