AÑ OPEN VEEDICT. BY MISS M. E. BRADDON. CHAPTER - XXIX.-" "WHY WAS TUT CBEBSID i THEN SO HABE- TO Wlîî." : -Slowly and gradually health and strength carno back to Beatrix Harefield. The" family life at tho "Vicarage was a new thing tb her. lt was a now thing to live in a house where evorybody was. cheerful, and where people seemed fond of her. The library was her favourite room, and Mr. Dul cimer her chosen companion. "Whether ho was silently absorbed in his book, or laid it down, "as he did very often to talk to her, Beatrix found his society all sufficient. She read and studied at a table he had allotted to her, apait from him; and yot near him. Under his guidance ßho rend tho books that filled her mind with tho best ma terial-she climbed from height to height upohi tho" hills bf knowledge. Now worlds opened to her, that she had never dreamed .of, and sho wont' int and found that there woro pleasant:rcgions im .< those Btrango worlds. Science, which i she 'hadl only known as a namo, opened its treaoure-housor for her. Art, which BIIO had known almost asi vaguely, was revealed to hor with all its myster ies and beauties unknown to the ignorant. And. poetry, bestand sweetest of ail, in her.mind,, opened tho door to a fairy-land of inexhaustible' delight. She did not forgetCyril, but she learned, to look with a calm disdain upon hor malig ners in Little Yafford, and she was almost, happy. ! ' .'; : Before tho ond of March Mrs. Dulcimer had. broken altogether with Miss Coyney, after rebuk ing thot'ancient Bibyl in no measured phrase for her want of charity. . t. "I shall never drop into tea hero again/' said Mrs. Dulcimer. "No, Miss Coyney, not if ! wo both were to Jive for a hundred years." ? ,' : " I shall bo very sorry for that," replied ; Miss Coyney, sitting very erect behind her oval tea tray, and with her gaze fixed upon her silver tea pot, marked with King George's pig-tail, and an heirloom j " but I cannot alter my opinion ; oven," with a tremulous movement of her cannon curls, "for tho privilege of retaining Mrs. Dulcimer'a. friendship. I can only say- and I shall say while-1 tho power of speech is lett me-that Miss Hare field is a young person I would never consent to receive in roy house-no-not if her thousands were millions." : V " fortunately Miss Harefield does not want to come into your house," retorted Mrs. Dulcimer, very red and angry, and with all her frillings and puffings in agitation. " Thousands, indued 1 Do you suppose Beatrix Harefield's fortune has any influence with Mr. Dulcimer or me ?" , fl don't presume to speculate upon Mr. Dul cimer's motives or yours, but I believe the coro ner's jury would have come to a very different ver dict if Miss Harefield had been poor and' a stranger. Look at the men who were on the jury. Why there was Haslope tho grocer, who has served the Water House ever since he has been in the trade, and Ridswell the upholsterer, who had the order for the funeral. Slavish creatures who have fattened upon tho Harefield family, i pf course they would not condemn the daughter,'of their patron." "What proof can you bring against hor?.'î o->¡J' ?//? " Enough to hang her if she had been anybody else," said Miss Coyney. " Why did'she'buy that, laudanum?" v?*:<?-?,} ,'? 11 "For her own use." , . (',- \t'??? "Ah!" said Miss Coyney. . ¡ ,. ., ..,.'.. There is a great deal of meaning in.the mono-..; syllable " Ah!" if it be uttered with a grave shake of the head, a tightening of thin lips,-and a pro longation of tone. ; .?. Jítí'if.W.; " I don't think there is any Christian feeling in . Little Yafford," exclaimed Mrs. Dulcimer, draw- ? ? ing on a tight glove and bursting it in,a' ruinous ' manner. ' ,i ,' " Except at the Vicarage," sneered'Miss, Coy-. *-, ney. - i , « ?, ,', .. , "The place is given over to a pack of prying ' old maids and spiteful old bachelors."; >} y ?<.?! »-»¿ J, "Thank you," said MiBs'Coyney, with;wither- 1 ing sarcasm.' ..?..>.!<. . .«vi- '?; .... She rose to ncoompauy Mrs. Dulcimer, to the . : door. She was not going to fail in politeness even '. to a departing foe. . . _ , ". Good-afternoon and gobd-by," said tho (Vicar's wife, walking along the little garden path> with an air of shaking tho dust of Miss Coyney's ten ement from off her shoes. ' .. ? .«. Fi"om this time forward Mrs. Dulcimer took Beatrix under her wing. She forgot that she too j had shared tho dark suspicions of Little Ynfford. ' I It was in her mind as if thoso suspicions had' never been. Sho was a woman who lived from hand to mouth. Her ideas wore tho ideas of to-day j yes terday's convictions went.for nothing. ! She told j Rebecca that sho was disgusted with the peoplo of. Little Ynfford for their infamous conduct tb . Beatrix; and Rebecca, who, though of too ster ling metal to be a time-server, loved to pienso ?her, mistress; went over to Miss Harofield's party, ' " . and defended hor stoutly at all kitchen tea-par- ' ties. ' " . And Sir Kenrick P Sir Kenrick, who had al ways despised her slanderers, was now Beatrix 1 Harefield's most ardent champion. Ho had begun by thinking that she would inako an admirablo ? ' mistress of Culverbonse Castlo; ho ended by be ing very sure that she would inako an adorable ' wife. He loft off fishing for sulky pike in tho, reedy pools and inlets of tho winding river, and spent his clays hanging nboiib tho Vicarage, idle ?" and happy, and very much in tho way of other peoplo's industry. Tho lynx eyes of Mrs. Dulci mer, trained to seo vory far into all budding loves, wore quick to perceivo tho state of affairs. She was delighted, and forgot that BIIO had evor aban doned her plans for tho union ot tho impoverished Culrorhause estate and tho fat fields and rich pas tures of the Harofield property. It seemed to her tho realization of her own idea. She took Ken rick's young affection under her protection, she smiled fondly upon tho unconscious Beatrix. She was full of Maohiavoliau aohemes for leaving tho two young peoplo in one another's sooiety. The ' ? ond of Kenrick's leave was drawing near. Things.; I woro getting doBporato, Mira. Duloimer thought.' . It must bo-now or never. She even wont so far as to toll Kenrick so. : i - , . , "Faint heart never won a fair lady," she said. " I know she likes you." '<I'hôpe:you won't think mo conceited if I agreo with you, but I really think she does,'? said' Kenrick, remoinbering that curious faint ing, fit? on ,tho, ñrst evening, of Miss Harefield's visit'. \, \ , ', , , , ' He took heart of grace , next day, finding Bea trix alono du the library an hour or so before the late tea. : It was a windy af tornoon, late in March, the sky dull and grey, the wood fire glowing redly, Beatrix seated in her low chair beside tho hearth with: a book on her lap, deep in thought. "I¡don't.wonder you admire Pascal," she: said, without looking up,as Kenrick came toward the hearth; :-'/iHis is a most delicate wit." i'l am sorry' to say I don't know anything about the' gentleman," said Kenrick. MDid ho write plays or hovels ?" 1 ! 1 v "I bog your pardon. I thought you were Mr. Dulcimer." ./........?. " You took, mo for a better man than I am. All these rows of sobei old books are Greek to mo-worse than Greek, for I do know that, .by sight. I wonder that you can find so much hap piness in this, dry-as-dust. collection of the dear Vicar's." ¡ ' "I don't know about happiness,", answered Beatrix, with a faint sigh. " I find forgetfulness. I suppose that is almost as good." " There cannot be much in your young life that you can wish to forget," said Kenrick. " There is very little in it that I cp.re to re member." . ' " Erase it altogether from your memory then, and begin a new life from to- day," said Kenrick, flinging himself head-foremost into a gulf of un certain issues, like a new Marcus Curtius. "Let the beginning of a brighter and happier life date from to-day. - You are ono of those flowers of earth which seem to be born to blush unseen. You, who aro so worthy of love and admiration, have lived hidden from those who could admiro and appreciate. But if a ieal and unmeasured love in tho present can compensate for your losses in tho past, that love is yours, Beatrix. I love you as I never thought I should love. I did not know that it was in my nature to feel as strongly as I feel for you. Stop-do not answer me too quickly;" he cried, reading rejection in her looks as sho turned to him with the fire-light shining on her face. " You will say, perhaps, ' I am rich and you aro poor. How am Ito believe in your truth?' " 'j " I am not capable of thinking meanly of you," answered Beatrix. "But you ask mo what is impossible. I.have made up my mind never to marry." i Will you tell mo the reason ?" " That is my secret." "I am not to be answered so easily, Beatrix. I lovo you too well to lose you without a struggle. I have Bpokon too soon, perhaps. I havo been too precipitate.; But I am to go back to India in a few weeks, and I should like to return with a now happiness; with at least the promise of your love." " I have no love to givo you. If you could see into tho bottom of my heart you would bo hor rified at its emptiness. The warmest feeling I have is gratitude to my friends tho Dulcimers. Yos, I think that is the only human feeling you would discover in my heart. That ia why I like to live among theao books. They aro a world in themselves. They give mo delight, and ask no love in return." " But 1 am not like tho books, Beatrix. I ask for your lovo, and I will not bo easily denied." And then herold her his dream about Culver house Castle, s How she was to reign there-not like his mother, in silence, loneliness, and seclu sion, but in all * tho power of youth, beauty, and wealth, and a queen of country society, tho centre and focus of a happy world of her own, loved, admired, androvored. "IJ",exclaimed Beatrix; " I, who have been suspected of poisoning my father !" " That shamoful slander has never penetrated beyond "thi3 contemptible hole," said Kenrick, very disrespectful of Little Yafford m tho warmth of his indignation. " For God's sake, Beatrix, do not lot that foul scandal weigh in your mind. Perhaps that is tho reason you reject mo," he added, slow to believe that ho had been mistaken when he fancied himself beloved. "iNo," answorod Beatrix; " but the only man I ovor loved rejected mo for that reason." " Oh !" said;Kenrick, deeply mortified. Af ter this'' confession he could no longer doubt I that'lie 'had;mistakcn Beatrix's feelings toward { bini;' He was silent for some minutes, and then I ho exclaimed, suddenly, í 4 That man was my cousin Cyril 1" j '^Ho. was." f " Then.my. cousin Cyril is a moan hound." î "T)o you want me to hate you ?" cried Beatrix, I angrily. "Ho is not mean. Ho is all that is good \ and noble. Why should his puro life bo sullied i by tho taint that has fallen upon mine ? Ho> a t. clergyman, could not afford to take a wife whom ; mon have suspected of evil. He is like Cmspr. ;' His wife must ho abovo suspicion. He loved mo once. Ho will love me always, perhaps, a little better than all other womon, and I shall love him to the end of lifo abovo all other men. But ho has chosen something hotter in this life than a woman's lovo. Ho has given himself to tho service of 'God. No unholy thing must como within the'veil of tho tomple. Nothing stained, not even with tho suspicion of sin, must enter there. A priest's wifo must bo spotless." ",If ho could suspect you," exclaimed Kenrick, vindictively, " ho is unworthy-" . .: "Oh, for pity's sake do not suggest that," in-: torrupted Beatrix. " I cannot believe that ho could suspect me-having once known.and loved mo.; It was not his suspicion, but tho , evil thoughts of others, that parted UB." ".Thon ho is a coward," cried Kenrick, honestly angry. ; " A man's choice of his wife|is a question of lifo dr death for him solf. Ho is both oravon , and fool if ho allowB othpr peoplo to bo tho arbi-1 tera of his fate." I 1 "But you do not understand," urged-Beatrix, pleading for tho man ,who;liad: broken' her heart. "Ibis his office-" 1. ' ' ^ " Hisoffice be-; ' 1 ' ' . - ^ ? ' .. V He might have said something, very shocking if Mrs.'Duloimer had not come in at this moment. ¡She found Beatrix in tears, and . Kenrioic pacing up and down the, room with abstracted air. These two faots indicated that something decisive had happened, and Mrs.'Dulcimer saw from Kenrick's face that the something was of nn unsatisfactory nature. . '.t .. ? - .; ' ' . : " How provoking !" she thought. " It really seems as.if no plan of mine is to succeed." , ! Beatrix did not'appear at the tea-table. She sent, an ; apology by .Rebecca. 1 She had a head ache, and would go to bed early. Konrick¡was ab sent-minded and out of his spirits. The meal usu ally so cheerful; was eaton in silence; Mr. Dulci mer had picked up a qucor little seventeenth-cen tury copy of Boiloau at Grout Yufford thatmorn ing, and looked at the tail-piecos and initials as ho took his toa. " Stop and smoko your cigar hore, Kon," said Mrs. Dulcimer, when tea was over, and Sir Ken rick was about to follow his host to the lib rary. ?? " But don't you dislike smoko in this room ?" " Not for once in a way. Your cigars are very mild, and Rebecca will air the room well to morrow morning. I want to have a chat with y®u." ? " Delighted," said Kenriok, sitting down op posite Mrs. Dulcimer's work-table. He had a shrewd suspicion of what was coming, but he felt that it would comfort bim to pour his woes into a friendly ear. Ho know very well that Mrs. Dulcimer had set her heart upon his marry ing Miss Harefield. " "What had you been doing to make Beatrix cry ?" asked the Vicar's wife, coming straight to tho point. "I had asked her to be my wife." "What! they were tears of joy then P" cried Mrs. Dulcimer. " Quite the contrary.- She had rojoctod me flatly." Oh, Kenrick ! But why ?" "She did not condescend to enter very minutely into her reasons, but I believe the principle ono is that she doesn't caro for me." '/ Oh, Kenrick !" cried Mrs Dulcimer, in exactly the same:tone before. "What a pity." J "Yes, it's regrettable. IE my first thought were her fortune and tho good it would do to Cul vorhouse,.I should deserve my fate. But that is only my second thought. I lovo her very dearly. If she were the poorest little nursery governess in tho country I should love her just the same, and would take her back to India with me, and werk for,her and be infinitely happy with', her all the days of. my lifo." . "But her money would poy off those mort gages, and' as Lady Culverhouso ; she would' have a leading position in your, part of the country." " She would bo admired and adored,'.' said Ken rick. "It would be in every way such a suitablo match," protested Mrs. Dulcimer, a remark she was in tho habit of making about every pair of young people whoso footsteps sho wished to direct to the hymeneal altar. " Really human nature is very perverse." She remembered how ignominiously she had failed in her desire to benefit Cyril and Bella ; and hero was this more important scheme ap parently doomed to fniluro. " It is very difficult to servo ono's fellow-men," she said, presently. " But this is not a business to bo given up lightly, Kenrick. This foolish girl is Mr. Dulcimer's ward, and it is his duty to seo her advantageously settled in lifo. Now Clement is the very last mun to think of such a thing. Ho considers ho has dono his duty when he has given Beatrix the run of his library." " Yes," said Kenrick. " It ia dear Dulcimer's only fault to consider books the beginning, middle, and end of life." " Something must bo done," declared Mrs. Dul cimer, with a sudden accession of energy. " Bea trix ought to marry, and she ought to marry aman of position. I cannot imagine a moro suitablo husband than yourself. Come, Kenriok, be frank with me. You have not told me everything. Thero must be some of her reason. Don't you re member an admission Beatrix made at that dread ful Inquest ? There was a love affair of which hor father disapproved. Nothing hut a prior attach ment could prevent her accepting you. I fepl con vinced it must be that." , 1 "It is that," answored Kenrick. "You can keep a secret, I suppose, Mrs. Dulcimer ?" " My dear.Kenrick, I have^kept hundreds." This was true, but Mrs. Dulcimer forgot to add how short a timo she had kept them. Tho Vicar's wife's so'cret of to-day was tho.town-crier's secret of to-morrow. .""Then I'll trust; you'with the olue to the mys tery. There is à prior attachment-to my cousin Cyril.". "Good Heavons !" exclaimed Mrs. Duloimer. "Then that is why ho was so indifferent to poor Bella Scratcholl, tho very girl for him." " He is a contemptible cur," said Kenrick. ? Ho went on to abuse his cousin roundly. It was a good thing for him, no doubt, that Cyril- had behaved so badly, for it gavo Kenrick just tho chance that Beatrix would put tho false lover out of her mind, and marry tho true one. He told Mrs. Duloimer everything. " Something muBt be dono," she Gaid,, finally, and she mado up her mind that sho, Selina Dul cimer, was the right person to undertake, the task.' . - ? : . '-? ? y ? '. r "."'.'', CHAPTER XXX.-SOMETHING' MUST V \BH Before Sir Konrick's leave carno to an end Mrs. Piper had gone to the land whore there aro no sordid cares, no gnawing doubts as to tho honesty of servants, no heart-corroding regrets at the wastefulness «ind expenditure of a largo house hold. Mrs. Pipor had gone to that undiscovered country -whero wo may fairly hope that for those who havo lived harmlessly upon earth all is peace. Mr. Piper drove his smart) little pony-cart about tho country roads and through tho village stroot as asunl, but he wore an altered countenance and crape to tho top of his tall hat. He no longer had a noisy greeting for every ono, no longer quoted Jeremy Bentham or William Cobbett. Never was a widower more disconsolate than Ebenezer Piper. Honestly and truly he mourned tho care ful partner of his youth and maturity. " There wasn't a finer girl in Great Tafford when mo and she was married," he said dole fully, after a brief eulogium, on her domestic virtues.- ,-. ....fe^f';;'' Mrs. Piper's monument was to be the glory of tho village church-yard. Mr. Dulcimer was too indulgent and easy to insist upon a rigid obhét-' icism in the memorial w;hich the living erected in honour of tho dead. There was a good deal of bad taste in God's Acre at Little Yafford, but Mr. Piper was destined to put the cap" on the edifice by the gaudiest and most expensive mausoleum that ever tho chief stone-mason of Great Yafford had devised or executed. It was to bo a, sarcophagus of tho jowel-oasket shape, with four twisted columns like candlesticks at tho corners, and a tall urn surmounting the lid. Each of tho columns were of a different-coloured marble, the urn was dark red serpentine, with a malachite serpent coiled round it. The urn was supposed to contain Airs. Piper's dust ; the serpent indicated that physicians' and doctors' stuff had not boen wanting in tho effort to keep Mrs Piper longer upon earth. Scattered over tho fluted lid of the sarcophagus were to bo flowers sculptured out of coloured marble, and cemented on to the white ground-work. The sides of tho sarcophagus woro to be decorated with shields, richly em blazoned with the Piper arms. Mr. Piper's arms were his own composition, his crest a branch of the cotton plant, with dower and fruit; his motto, Ea) seso. Altogether the monument was to be a wonderful thing, and Mr. Piper felt a pride in contemplating tho sketches which the mason had caused to be made, and in picturing to himself the effect of tho whole when this great work should be finished. The Piper children, in black frocks, and in a state of semi-orphanage, were a little more trou blesome than they had been in coloured frocks, and with an invalid mamma as a court of appeal. They brought tho ghost of their lost parent into every argument. "I'm sure mar couldn't have wished mo to learn three vorhs in one morning," said Elizabeth Pry. "I think mar would have lot me off my lessons if I had a sick headache," remonstrated Mary Wollstonecraft. " I shall do my duty to you whether you like it or not," Baid Bella, resolutely. "Ah,'you'd botter take caro !" cried Brougham. "Mar's in Heaven, where she can seo everything you'ro up to, and won't she make it disagreeable for you when you get there-if you over do," added the boy, in a doubtful tono; " but I don't think you stand much chance if you go on making our lives a misery with Latin grammar." Now that poor Mrs Piper had laid down her load of earthly care, Miss Scratchell restricted her visits to'.tho Park to purely professional limits. She entered the school-room punctually at 9, and she left it as punctually at half past 1. She no longer assisted at the children's early dinner, a meal which Mr. Piper, when at home, shared under tho name of luncheon. Bella had a keen sense of tho proprieties, and did not care to sit down to luncheon with a disconsolate widower, or to give Mr. Pipor any opportunity to pour his griefs into her oar, as ho would fain have done very often. Mr. Piper was of a soft and affection ate nature, and AV hen ho told his griefs to a young woman ho could not refrain from taking her hand, and even occasionally squeezing it. This Bella could not possibly permit. She therefore carefully avoided all conversations about tho late Mrs. Piper, and as far as was practicable sha avoided Mr. Piper himself. " It Beema very 'ard," comp'ained the widower, "that tho time when a man feels lonesomest is a time for everybody to avido him. You might as well stop, Miss Scratchell, and e^t your bit of din ner with mo and the children. You won't-get lamb and sparrow-grass at homo." ; ; "I know I shall not," replied Bella ; "? but I would rather not stay, thank you, Mr. Piper.''-' ? "Whynot?" >.?>??? " My motlier wants me at homo." "She can't want you more now than she did when poor Mrs. P. was alive. You never refusod to stop then." " I did nob like to ref UBO dear Mrs. Piper when sho was an invalid, s.nd wanted ovcry one's sym pathy." . " You're a good-'earted girl," said Piper, ap provingly. " I know what your motive is. You think' it ain't proper to eat your bit of dinner with mo now I am a widower, though there's all tho children to keep you in countenance. You think it might sot the old tabbies up street talking." f It certainly does not require much to do that," replied Bella, smiling. " But I really am wanted at homo, Mr. Piper, and I musn't stop talking here. I am going to drink toa at the Vicarage this evening." * " Ah," said Mr. Piper. " You'ro a rum girl. It seems to me that everybody wants you. I shall send you round a bundle of my early sparrow grass." " Pray don't take tho trouble." "Yes, I shall. It costs me about oighfceon ponco a Btick, BO it ought to be good. But 'orti culture is my 'obby." It must bp observed that although Mr Piper , was a student of Cobbett, and had taught himself a little Latin, ho had never been able to conquer tho mysteries of his own tongue. Ho still spoke as bad English as in the days when ho was a fac tory hand and had novor read a passage of Cob bott's strong, racyproso, or pondered over a thesis of Bentham's. . Bella and Beatrix wore good friends still, but not.Buch friends as they had boon a year, or oven BÎX months, ago. There was a restraint on both sides. Beatrix could not have told why it was, but it seemed to ber that there .waa a change in herself, and a still greater change in Bella. Bella knew very well what it was that made her uncomfortable in Miss Harefiold's society. It' was the sealed lotter in its hiding-place in.Bella's shabby old bedroom. That sealed letter weighed. like a load of iron upon Bella's conscience when, she found herself in Beatrix's company ; and yet she was glad that sho had done this thing, if it had been the means of parting Cyril and . Beatrix. . ' She would Uko to havo soon them parted even more irrevocably, so that under no circumstances could time or chance bring thom together again. She was in this temper of mind when she'went to spend the evening at the Vicarage, after her ' little talk with Mr. Piper in the stone portico''at ' the Park. It was about a week since Sir Kenrick.had made his offer and had been rejected. Ho had taken a wonderful fancy to fishing for piko after that catastrophy, and had brought home some very handsome Bpeoimens of that ravenous tribe for the 'Vicarage cook to stuff and bake, and serve with savoury saúcos for the 3-o'clock dinner. " I think I shall havo to protest,like the High land gillies when thoy got too much salmon, if Kenrick goes on bringing homopike in this way," said Mrs. Dulcimer, when tho cover was lifted, and the hungry-jawed scaley monster appeared before them. Kenrick was off in tho early grey to his fishing grounds, so he and Boatrix only met of an even-, ing. Ho was very polite to hor, and evidently bore no malice. Hope waa not altogether extinguished in his breast. He had much confidence in Mrs. Dulcimer, who had said that something ínnst be done. Kenrick had not the faintest idea what this inveterate match-maker meant to do, but lio felt that hor friendship would stick at nothing which a clergyman's wifo might do without peril to her soul. _ " Bella," said Mrs. Dulcimer, after tea, " I want to show you tho things I've made for the mission ary basket. You might be able to help me a little, perhaps." " I shall bo delighted, dear Mrs. Dulcimer," an swered Bolla, inwardly lamenting that it had plsased God to call hor to that station of lifo in which her friends always felt thomselves justified in asking her to work for thom. A young woman of fortune liko Miss Harefield might bo as idle Or as selfish as she liked. Nobody over thought: of asking for payment in kind for any favour they showed hor; but everybody who did any kindness to penniless Bella Scratcholl wanted to extort payment for his or her civility in needle-work or some sort of drudgery. " Come up to my room and look at the things, dear," said Mrs. Dulcimer; and then it oocurred to Bella that her hostess had something particu-, lar to say to her. She had heard from Cyril that day perhaps, or had got news of him by a side wind. Bella's heart beat ever so fast at the idea. * , They went up to Mrs. Dulcimer's bedroom, a large old-fashioned chamber, with an immense four-post bedstead and flowery chintz curtains, a muslin-draped dressing-table adorned with a great many china pots, and a pincushion that was a notsworthy feature. Mrs. Dulcimer's de votional books-with a groat many markers in them, looking as if they were read immensely were arranged on either side of tho looking-glass. Sho used to read Taylor's Holy Living while Be bocea put her hair in papers of an evening. Sho did not read the Holy Hying. It teemed a great deal too soon for that. There was a bright firo, the chintz-covered sofa was wheeled in front of it. Between the fire and tho sofa was Mrs. Dulcimer's work-table, and on the table tho missionary basket full of ingenious trifles useful or useless. Baby's socks, muffetees, pincushions of every shape and design, and a va riety of tho aggravating family of mats. " Bella," said Mr3. Dulcimer, when they wero seated on the sofa, " I have something particvlar to say to you." ii!'J. And then the Vicar's wife told Bella her plan for marrying Kenrick and Beatrix, and how Bea trix had refused Konrick on account of her at tachment to his cousin. :.. /, )>( i ; " lent it a pity, Bella?".she asked, after length-1 u ily expounding all this. ....» ". ; "Yee," answered Bella, looking thoughtful ;" 1 " they would have suited,eaoh other very well; I' * ..' Bhould. think." ; ' .,; .'. ,V v , " Think !'' cried Mrs. Dulcimor. . ^ There's no, ,-.>;>' thinking about it. They wore made for,.-each*, j>i other." , . ? ».! > Mrs. Dulcimer's oouples always wore made for"j.»<> oach other. It is odd how many of them turned' out misfits. . , ;\\. ,\ Bolla was reflocting that if Beatrix wero hap pily married to Sir Kenrick Culverhouso, hor sin_ about the sealed letter would lay less heavily , on her conscience-or, indeed, need not weigh at all., : What can any ono ask moro than happiness? And in tho oye of the world Kenrick was a much moro suitable husband for tho heiress than Cyril could possibly be. " Now I havo been thinking," continued Mrs. Dulcimer, sinking to a mysterious undor-tono', " That, perhaps if Beatrix could bo made to think . that Cyril was fickle and inconstant, and that be fore ho loft Little Yafforcl he had got to care for some one oise-you, for instanco," whispered Mrs. Dulcimer, nuking a littlo stab at Bella with her forefinger, " it might euro her of her foolish attachment to him. It io ridiculous that sho should go on caring for a man who doesn't ]o\re hor when there its a ooblo young fellow who does lovo her passionately, andean malcc|hor Lady Cul vorhouso. If sho could only be made to think that Cyril was fond óf you, Bolla, without actual falsehood," concluded Mrs. Duloimorwith a strong oinphasis upon tho qualifying adjective, as much aa to say that in BO good a causo sho would not mind sailing rather near tho wind. '¿I am Buró I don't know how it is to bo done," said Bolla, with a meditativo air. " Beatrix) is* no - self-opinionated. . It is not ns if sho rweroVa.. weak-min.ded, .pliable girl. . She is as. hard* as ai. rook." But you «ve so cjeyor,, BeJUa. You could, manage anything. If I were to Hay now that I always thought Cyril was very fond of you-and I did think so for a long time, as you know, dear and if you were to say something that would sus ? tain that idea- We need neither of us tell an actual story." "Of course not," answered Bella, piously.'"Do you suppose I would tell a story, dear Mrs. Dul cimer P" f Indeed; no, my love. I know how truthful yon aro." Thus it was agreed between the Vicar's wife and her ductile protegee, that somehow or other Beatrix was to be pursuaded that her lover had been doubly false to her : false in abandoning her because evil tongues maligned her ; false in pre ? ferring another woman. (TO BB CONTINUED.) 