TTTF! TRUTHFULNESS OF LOYE. Love is truth ! It has no base secrets, but a lawful privacy, all intrusion on which is profane. As the bird hides her nest amongst the leaves of the thicket, not for deceit, but to be true to her nature and her offspring, and would be false to her- self andto her author, if with foolish candor she exposed the delicate beauty of her ecr of passing foot, so 110 frankness could im part to vulgar curiosity the truth of respon sive breasts. Of all eavesdroppers and overhearers he is basest who lurks, walks softly on tiptoe, and puts his eye and ear to the keyhole to catch the gentle confes sion, or surprise the ingenuous blush. There are scenes in which kith and hio have no part to act, and from which churls and tattlers should be whipped. But all privilege of mutual converse apart has a solemnity which no guy throng is over shadowed by. If it be perverted, a heavier responsibility is- But there Jira; i-ive which avu'-ts c-ulisimis ami e'. ar- <-i! us a ! in". 1 hrca-ls. wit!.- 1: if -Orih'T ' , 1 ' iilillc'"- Ui : lli- w 8.1 »:?:> ' .-int idea' -< «, .timt »««» ev. hy th«r vr;u aiding <>f the eye on its object can it os caught. It is a simple sentiment, but not therefore less lasting or strong. A sentiment or idea, in David Hume's, as in all sceptical or materialistic philosophy, is but the ghost and remnant of a sensa tion. But were sensations in nature the real powers, which in thoughts only dwindle, and in feelings are diluted and reduced, then beasts were mightier than men ! "Vulgar people have maintained that on sexual appetite rests the commonwealth. On the attraction betwixt man and woman society is based ; but its refined is greater than its gross force, and its weight is like the gravitation of the globe. That is the most ardent and enduring love wherein is no aim at pleasure or posterity, but which survives all earthly contingencies and knows it can be out of the body and in any other or heavenly form. The hen ruffling forherchickensatthehawk, and the walrus making lierselfatargetforheryoung against the hunter's spear, disprove the selfish theory, as much as do men fight ing for their homes, and mothers sacrific ing themselves for their offspring every day. Whoever loves would yield every drop of blood for the beloved, and would not take in pay for the affection a single tear. This fact, not any temple, tower, or snow-capped hill, is the glory of the world. My friend, I love you not for your favor or aught you can give for my delectation, bnt for the veiy nature or quality that you are ! Nay, if you hate or despise me, I should love you still, and you cannot repel the sentiment ; for, as Goethe says, " if I love you what is that to yon Electricity travels by a sure iron path, over land or under sea ; but my heart knows a cable never broken, a wire that is in order and always works ! Away with the notion that fondness is indispcnable to nourish regard ! Feeling may be in inverse ratio to demonstration. How often, in the mystery of mutual com munication, people are moved by what we suppress and withhold ! I love my country, but cannot embrace it with my arms, al though sometimes a returning king has saluted it, by lying down on its soil, or a poet, like Byron, sent it the farewell of a song. Christians love their Lord, though they' cannot touch, and only in imagination embrace His image. It is a lower greeting when crucifix or picture is handed or kis sed by some devotee. It is no vanity for a worshipper to love his God, though he cannot locate or metaphysically define Him or prove the personality lie adores. — C. A. Bartol, 