Eeviéw. TALES OE" ou» Ü-BEAT FAMILIES." By EDWABD WALTOBE-, M.A.I London. 1880... THESE tales, some forty odd, have been gatheri from various sources, from records of old trial from contemporary memoirs, and from traditio] inore or less reliable. Mr. "Walford has also dray a great deal of his material from the works of S Bernard Burke, and other learned chroniclers the rise and fall of " anoient families" in Gre; Britain and Ireland. His own gleanings ct scarcely |be said to have added much to tho ri< harvest whioh had been reaped by his predece sors, though the field which he has chosen is c extensive and seemingly inexhaustible one. At a events, by those whose tastes may have le them to cultivate that kind of literature to whie tho tales in question belong, they will, for tl most part, be recognised as familiar acquain ancos. To tho general reader, howovor, many of the: will no doubt bo now. Yet oven when twice tob a fascinating story is not tho los3 welcome, an especially when it comes duly credentialed as true one. The tales in the volumes before us ma be generally desoribed as good, bad, and indiffei eat j those whioh can fairly bo classified undi the former heading being, it must be confessée the fewest in'.nuniber. It may also bo stated tho whatever attraction they possess is not to an perceptible degroe attributable to tho skill of th narrator. Tho ability to tell a story well is ac .knowledged to be ono of tho rarest of literar gifts, and assuredly in that respect tho gods hav not been kind to Mr. Walford. In fact he is a exceptionally bad story-teller, tedious, wordy, an positively dull. His style is clumsy and obscure Besides, ifc is open to tho more serious objectio of being occasionally glaringly ungrammatical notwithstanding tho fact that Mr. Walford write himself M.A. and lato scholar of Baliol College Oxford. Sentences, for instance, like tho follow ing can hardly be accepted as very scholarly : " With them she frequently passed a few houri The rest of her time was entirely devoted to soli tudo, and she appeared determined to banish al society. Thu family consisted of himself, his wifi and ono son who was about her own age." Verily, whatever may be tho othor acquire . monts of our Master of Arts, ho would not appea to havo drunk very deoply from tho " wells o English undefiled." . Tho above charming specimen of his syntax i taken from a ghost story, and an exeoedingl; good one, but which Mr. Walford has renderei insipid by his manner of relating it. As it is i story whioh we have often mot with before, tin substance may bo ejiven as briefly as possible. ' John, Earl of Tywne, and Lady Beresford, wen born in Ireland in tho reign of Charles II. The; had both imbibed Deistical principles in earh youth. " They had made a promise to each ethe* that whichever of tho two should die first, ho 01 she would return and tell tho survivor i there was any truth in revoaled religion Lord Lynne died first, and kept his promise bj instantly appearing at the bedside of Lady Be resford. It was night and her husband was sleep ing beside her. The ghost declared that revealed religion was true, and that it affoidod the onlj means whereby the lady could be saved, warned lier of misfortunes which awaited her, and pre dicted that she should die on attaining her 47th year. Lady Beresford tried to persuade herself that she was dreaming, and asked her ghostly visitor for a sign to the contrary. He grasped her wrist, leaving a mark which the lady bore while she lived, and which she always concealed by wearing a black band. All that had boen fore told came to pass. The lady contraoted a second marriage ; wa3 ill-used by the profligate to whom Bhe had given her hand, and died on her 47th birthday. ? Mr. Walford relates a curious incident in the career of that Duke of Chandos, whose magnifi cence, and lavish expenditure in adorning his mansion of Canons, is the theme of one of Pope's satires; While travelling once in Herefordshire, the Duke's attention, as he approached the Castle Inn in .Marlborough, was attracted by piercing screams. He instantly alighted from his carriage, ¿nd perceived a handsome young woman, little more than a girl, struggling in the grasp of a powerful fellow, who was cruelly flogging her with a whip. Her face was streaming with blood. A crowd of spectators wore commisserating the victim, yet none dared to interfere with the brute who was beating her and who, ib appeared, was her husband and the ostlor of the inn. In answer to the Duke's indignant remonstrance, the ostler replied that the woman was his own, and that he could do what he liked with her in tho way of ad ministering correction, but if his Grace felt inte rested in her, he might have her for ¿620. The offer was acoepted. The Duke, we are told, acted like a man of honour ! Ho had tho young woman educated by tho best masters, and subsequently, on tho death of his second Duchoss, made her his wife. Nor docs it seem that ho over had cause to repent of his bargain, for in his will ho says, " I 'owe tho greatest oomfort I have enjoyed in this lifo to my Duchess Lydia Catherine." This story may, to somo extent, be apocryphal, but it is cer tain that the origin of the third Duchess of Chan dos was very obscure. *' Tho Duke of Chandos's marriage," writes a correspondent of Dean Swift, *' has made a groat noise, and tho poor Duchess is often reproached with hor boing brought up in jBurr-streot, Wapping," With moBt of us in this generation tho Vale of Llangollen is asBo-.iated »viththo ballad of Jenny Jones, but the horoino of tho popular ditty is not the only maid who has rondered Llangollen famous. " Tho ladies of Llangollen," as they wera styled, attracted a considerable amount of curiosity in tho latter part of tho preceding, and first quartor of tho prcscntcontury. They wore of aristocratic birth j Lady Eleanor Butler belonging of tho noblo houso of Ormond, and her com panion, tho Hon. Miss Ponsonby, boing , tho daughter of a gentleman of largo fortuno in tho county Westmeath. Lady Eleanor was tall and dark, Mies Ponsonby a fair and gentle blonde. At Bath, in 1779, tlioy formed a romantic attachment for each othor, and, though sought by several distinguished suitors, they agreed to quit the world of fashion, and live and love together in some secluded spot. Accordingly, accompanied by a faithful servant, they fled into Wules, purchased a cottage in the Vale of Llan gollen, and resided there till their deaths, some fifty years later. The remonstrances of their friends cou'd never induce them to quit this retreat. Thoy were much beloved by tho noigh-1 bouring peasantry for their charitable disposi tions. But though self-banished from society, tho ladies of Llangollen took a lively interest in its proceedings. j "When Sir Walter Scott visited them in 1825, he found their " tables covered with newspapers ] from every corner of the kingdom, and they seemed to have the deaths and marriages of the antipodes at their finger ends. Lady Eleanor died in 1829, aged 90, and Miss Ponsonby in 1831, aged 73." At Eastwell, in Kent, there is, it seems, [a tra dition respecting a certain Richard Plantagenet, who is said to have boen a son of Richard III. Tho name of this person is found in tho parish register and the date of his death and burial recorded. Ho followed the huniblo calling of a bricklayer. Tho tradition says, that a gen tleman who had employed this bricklayer once surprised him reading a Latin book, and ques tioned him as to how he had come by such unu sual learning. The bricklayer replied, that as he (the gentleman) had been a good master to him, he would make known a secret which he had never revealed to any human being before. He had been brought up, he said, till his fifteenth year by a Latin schoolmaster, but in entire igno rance of his parentage. A gentleman used to visit him once a quarter to see that he was sup plied with everything necessary, and to pay for his schooling. This gentleman he was given to understand was not a relative. One day he was taken to a great house, and in a sumptuous apart ment was introduced to a person richly dressed, and who wore a star on his breast. He spoke kindly to the boy and gave him money. The latter was then conducted back to school. Some time elapsed, when tho individual who had accompanied him to tho great house again appoared and took the youth on a journey into Leicestershire. They halted at Bosworth Field, on which King Richard III.'s army was encamped. Tho boy was led to tho King's tent. Richard ombraced him ten derly and acknowledged him for his son : " But, to-morrow," said tho monarch, " I must fight for my crown. If I win the day I will own you publicly; should I bo so unfortunate aB to lose the battle, then you must shift as well as you can, and take caro to let nobody know that I .am your father, foi you may be sure that no mercy will be shown to anyone so nearly related to me." Then tho King gave him a purse of gold and dismissed him. Tho youth followed the King's di rections, and when ho saw that |the battlo was lost, and tho King killed, he hasted away to Lon don, sold his horse and fine clothes, and the better to conceal himself from all suspicion of being the son of the King, and yet that he might have the means to live by his honest labour, he put himself I out as apprentice to n bricklayer." If this Richard Plantagenet was really a son of Richard III., ho was not a whit more unfortunate than some other scions of the same royal line, for, " in 1637, the great grandson of Margaret Planta genet, daughter and heiress of Georgo Duke of Clarence, was found exercising tho cobbler's craft at Newport, in Shropshire." Tho dauutltss courage of that splendid seaman, the late Earl Dundonald, would appear to have been derived as much from tho women as from the men of his race. One of hiB ancestors, Sir John Cochrane, was arrested and sentenced to death for having taken arms with tho luckless Argyll, against James II. Sir John lay in the Tolbroth, Edinburgh, calmly awaiting tho arrival from London of the warrant for hiB execution. But the messenger who was carrying it was robbed on the Tweedmouth Moor, and in consequence the execu tion was delayed for fourteen days, as in those times the Scottish mail was only despatched once a fortnight from the English capital. A fresh warrant was forwarded, but again the bearer was stopped in the same place, and the bag contain ing the fatal paper taken from him. Sir John's friends, meanwhile, had interceded so powerfully for him, that James granted his pardon, and he was released from prison. " Not rnanyjdays after Shis return home, Sir John was told that a stranger wished to see him. Hastening to tho library, into which tho visitor had been shown, he perceived a tall, slender youth standing near the window. It was dusk, and the stranger had his beaver drawn down over his brows. Slowly advancing he handed Sir John a packet of papers. Tho latter glanced for a mo ment at their eontentB and then grew deadly pale. " Those are my death warrants," ho said. "And I the robber," sobbed tho youth. Tho beaver fell back and dislosed tho lovely face and raven tresses of Grisol Cochrane. " My own child, my Grisel !" faltered Sir John, and father and daughter wept on each other's shoulders." From tho samples wo have given, our roadors will bo able to judge of the quality of Mr. Wal ford' s book. Apart from itho faults that wo have pointed out, the general characteristics of tho tales which ho has collected may bo summed up in that well worn quotation which reminds us that " truth is stranger than fiction." Tho NAMOI INDEPENDENT, of September 30, has prono into tho doopoat mourning in oonsequonoo of tho dooision given in the Supremo Court regarding tho charge of contompt against tho EvENiNa NEWS. Tho loading artiolo is woll writton, and to tho point. Canon Stophnn proaohod a vory practical discourse at tho Cathodral on Sunday aftornoon. Ho said tho trno Christian was tho roal gontloman, and it was an ossontial part of tho ovidonco of his Christianity that ho should pay 20a in tho pound. Thooanon said that in tho ovont of snob a man having to go inaolvont, it would bo doho with feelings of a lasting shamo. And yet thoro aro somo gontlomon who sur Yivo Buch tritios. 