EXPERIENCES OF iK EDEraUEGii DETECTIVE. Bt JAMES McGOVAN, . . Atjthob of 'Bbotjght o^o Bat,' &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author* ? All rights reserved.] ? ' Second Series. — No. XXVI. CAPTURING A SPIRIT. FACE. ' I wish to give a false spirit in charge for annoying and frightening me, with in tent to do grievous harm.' The person who made this extraordinary speech, up in the side room in the Central Office, was neither mad-looking nor intoxi cated. She was a lady-like woman of some forty-five years, with traces of beauty still lingering in ner face, and a pair of firm lips, which emphatically proclaimed her a woman with a will of her own. Every one in the room, myself included, looked up in surprise; and then a quiet nod from the servant gave me the hint to speak. ' I beg your pardon, ma'am ?' I enquir 19^ ingly answered, not quite sure that I had heard her aright. Again the curious statement came out, without variation, except that after the ?words '?' false spirit,' ah© introduced the word 'face.' ' Will you be good enough to explain ?' I helplessly responded, after a pause, during which I had a suspicion that my com panions were busy grinning behiad hands, or books, or desks — anything that happened to be pear. ' We are not in the habit of arresting spirit faces, real or false, unless they can be placed conveniently within our reach. It is like the old cooking recipe— 'you must first catch your hare.' 'You 3mow the rest.' A wrathful cloud instantly settled on the '. face of our visitor, accompanied by a flash- j ing of the grey eyes by no means .pleasant ? t* behold, and evidently under tfas im pression that I was laughing at her in my fileeve— which was far from being fke icasa »— «he sneeringly exclaimed— ? : . : . . . « And do you imagine for a moment; sir, that if I could catch ihe thing, myself I ?would dream of; troubling you? ftTo, I hare .no wish for ; publicity, would -give anything to avoid it, but this thing is getting beyond endurance, and will eat' my life away if it be not. stopped.' saw that the woman was fearfully in earnest, and, feeling sure that she was per- { fectly sane, drew her into another room/ arid then, after accommodating her with a:' seat, gravely said — 'If youTpilltellme what troubles youi I will soon let you know if we can^helpt Jpuby interfering. Had it been a good onest ghost, now* I daresay we' might* have done something, as we have before done, but a spirit face ?— that is some thing entirely out of my line.' ? : ,-'My name is Dundas, and I live in a half '- flat in Worth St. Andrew-street with iny two daughters, Maggie and Jane. They are quiet young women, so we keep no ser vant. I have an annuity of. £50, as well . as the rents of some property which came to me from an aunt when I was but twenty one, and this income suffices for our sup- . port. I see you are beginning to wonder why £ tell youall this, but before I finish \ you will admit that it was necessary that - you should know. My girls were but -chil- dren when their father died, so simply bear niy name, Dundas, which was my maiden name.' . . /'How ? I do not quite follow you,' I demurringly. remarked. - *' Was ^your hus band's same Dundas also ?'- ? ? ; 'No; but I will explain that. We were engaged to each other when quite young.' I was only sixteen— but as I could 'jj&t;'mj '. aunt's property' only if .1 remained unmar tied, and by. swearing that. I was so, we ' agreed to: merely pledge ourselves1 to be man and wife, and not go through- the cere mony. Of course we meant to go through the ceremony whenever I got the property and. annuity, but a few months before I came of age my husband was taken from me, and the plan was never carried out.' What connection all this could have with l»ing pestered by a ' spirit face,' whatever that could mean I utterly failed to compre hend; and I suppose the look of bewilder ment settling upon my face told her S3, for she quickly added — , : *? What I wish you to understand is, that had I been married, or known to be married, the property and money would have gone to a cousin of mine then a mere baby.' I nodded politely and said — *' I under stand you,' which was far from being1 the truth. ? 'V- ^'That cousin is still alive, and if it were discovered that I- was married— if such had ? been the case — before I came of age, and ' made declaration on oath that I was single, this man would get the property, and I should not only be penniless, but be forced to refund all I have used, if that were pos sible,- during the twenty years that have since elapsed. I have thought proper to tell youall this first, just to 'see. if: your sus picions should rest upon the same person as my own -when I have told you all that I have suffered. .-.-; u One night, a few weeks ago, while sleep ing alone as usual, I was awakened by a curious tapping at a glass window of four panes; which looks from my bedroom into the lobby of the house I occupy. / This window indeed forms by day the only means of lighting the lobby unless we were to burn gas. Icannpt very well describe the ? sound -which awoke me, ajsr it ceased ' before; I had;f airly Btatted~'up: in bed; but it re sembled the tapping of the end of a; light cane against the glass. ' When I wasr fairly awake, and sittingbolt upright in bed, I saw distinctly, though the bedroom was pitch ' dark, a: pale, wan face-^grim and corpse-like, and having a strong resemblance to my dead husband— -gazing -itistf ally in on me from this little window.' *? How could you isee the thing if it was pitch dark ?'' I ventured to enquire. *' Thafa the mystery. I don't know how I saw it, but the face seemed to have a light : of its own — a greenish dim light, which shone across it like a faint moonlight. The light did not come from within the face, but shone upon it, though whence it came I could not guess. I am a believer in spiritualism, but though I have seen, .many wonderful apparitions, I can truly say that from the first I have had a suspiction that this is a false one.' ' Is it not possible that you dreamt the whole,' I quietly suggested. ' The thing did not speak, did it ?'? ?'Notavrord. It looked at me motion less and rigid, as near as I can guess, for some minutes, then the greenish light streaming across the marble features gradu ally became dim, till it vanished altogether. The white face continued to gaze, in upon me, as I imagined, even after the light was gone, but happening to shut my eyes sharply to make sure that. I was really awake I found that it too had vanished. For a moment or two I must have remained in a greatly agitated state, sitting up in bed, and not sure, as you have suggested, but I had dreamt the whole ; and then I started up with a loud cry, and ran off to my daughters' bedroom, roused them, and care-' fully searched the whole house in vain for the intruder.' ' Well; did the thing appear again ?' I asked, with difficulty repressing a smile at her fear-stricken face. . ' ?? ' It did, about a w,eek later. The same strange tapping on the glass aroused me from sleep, the same spirit face gazed in upon me with the greenish light dimly revealing the features, but this time it spoke. ' I do not kno w that I really saw the ' lips move. I rather think they did. not move; but I certainly heard the words, spoken as they were in an unearthly whis per. *Mary, I am unhappy,' it said, three times in succession. Imade no response. I could not have spoken to save my life, but as soon as the face had thus expressed itself, it added — ' ' If you would help me, acknowledge our marriage publicly. If you do not, you shall join me in three months.' It then gradually faded as before, and I started up and got my girls out of bed to search the house ; but we not only discovered no one, but found every window and door locked and fastened securely on the inside. So there you have the whole history of the imposture.' . . '... 'It is a curious revelation, spfaras.it. has gone, but there are one or two points . yet unexplained,' I returned, after a mo ment's reflection. ? You clearly wisn me - to understand that the whole is a deception got up :to fjightfen you into making a cer tain declaration ?' *' Yes, I do wish you to believe that as I do myself.' .:,-... , ' .. - -. ; ; *f And, that this cousin ;of yours sifcill alive : would benefit by the declaration;?' j , « Piecs£ely: so.'? ',; .'Ir : -. . \t\\\',~ \'- . ff Then' you suspect him to be the active ? \ agent in the deception ?' .?'?'?'. . ?' ., ! ?' You have hit my ideal' she exclaimed, with great eagerness. 'If ,you go and ; arrest him, I have not the. slightest .doubt but'my troubles will be at ah end/' ' Not so fast, please; we could scarcely do that without some evidence implicating him ; and, moreover, I am not so confident : that he is the criminal. If I am wrong, of ;course, you have it in your power to set me i right. Now, observe my ;ppint. You have stated that you did not go through the cere mony of marriage ?' ...... ; **Iha've.' . . . ;/ , The^words came out prompt and clear, but with a certain reserve, nevertheless, which I did not like.. . ? : *' Then is it because you know that there was no marriage between your husband and' you that you suspect the reality of the spirit face? — in a word, because the spirit, '?. in speaking 6f ?' our marriage/ spoke of a thing which had never existed ?' The countenance of my visitbr fell/ and ; she. was evidently unable to answer. : 'Being unmarried— -having no declara tion to inake^-ybu have notliing to fear from, spirits of any kind,' I enquiringly pursued. - ' That question has nothing to do with; the fraud,' she very acutely returned, after : .an awkward silence of some minutes' dura tion. 'It is that, and that alone, which you have to trouble yourself about;' ' Oh, the% the spirit race did speak ^he truth ?' I exclaimed, with a new light breaking. in upon me. 'There was a;: marriage f' - j 'I did not say. so,' she cautiously ' reserved, interrupting me. 'There are many ' ways of getting' married in Scotland,' I quietly continued. ' ''If you merely lived together, and ac knowledged each other as husband and wife, you were legally married.' ' But we were particularly careful not to '-do. so,' replied Mrs. Dundas, very promptly. ' I lived with him as his house keeper, keeping my own name till he died.' ' Well,' I answered, rather staggered, 'I must say that your position was not an enviable one, considering that your children ? ' ... ' I know what .you would say— what the world says^-that they are bastards. Well, I do not think it worth while contradicting the statement.' 'Could you do it if you did think it; worth while ?'.I abruptly asked. . . 'Perhaps.' Her lips closed sharply on the word, and I saw that I had again tres passed on forbidden ground. Yet her very reticence spoke volumes. Jt convinced me that she had gone through some form of marriage— probably in secret, and known to but few beyond the principals— and as this conviction strengthened in my mind it led not unnaturally to one more question. ' 1 see you do not 'wish to be communi cafive, though I may tell you that you are. taking the worst possible plan if you wish ; the deception to be laid1 bare,' I began, after studying a little howl could best put the query. ' But supposing, merely for the sake of. illustration, that you had gone through some form of marriage, could ine fact by any means have got to', the ears of ' the cousin whom you suspect?' My visitor iBmiled confidently. : '[l 'I should have /been a doltor an idiot not to prevent that,' was her cautious but ; emphatic reply ; and t could see that she considered her secret safe. . .?'?'-? 'But still, supposing that you know, might -your girls not have betrayed the fact in some unguarded moment ?'' Ui - \- ' My girls kbowthat I am not married, and nothing else,' ^quietly and firmly te turned Mrs. Dundas ; iiom which I inferred that the marriage was known to n© living being but herself. - That she had been mar ried in some way, of course, I had now not the least shadow of doubt, yet the inference ' from ..the newly-acquired knowledge was not a pleasant one. The same woman from whom I have extracted the information . was she who had deliberately sworn that she was unmarried, in order to inherit some houses and a paltry £50 a year. Some persons have, very elastic consciences, how ever, and she had probably^ some mental clause by which she qualified her oath when making it. Yet the statement nar rowed my ground for action almost hope lessly. If no one knew or suspected. a mar riage, how could they, for however- great a ? prize, conceive and execute such a decep tion ? I began to fear that I should have to allow the spirit face to 'have its own way, and carry off , Mis. Dundas to its home in conformity with the ; threat — no great loss to the world, which .depends a good deal upon people having a sacred awe and veneration for their oaths. 'Do you expect a third visit from the thing ?M I rathershortly enquired. ' No ; the last visit was a night or two ago.' ' How the last visit?' 'He said he would not appear again — would not be permitted to appear were the words he used.' - \- ' Humph 1 a wise precaution, doubtless,'' was my comment. ' Just one word more. Did this spirit face say that it was your husband, or did you recognise it at a; glance?' = ' I recognised it at a glance.' ^ '-Forgive me if I appear irreverent in the question, but how could you possibly recognise it after a lapse of twenty years ? Was there no change ?' 'None; the face was perhaps a little more corpse-like and pale— almost like wax —but it was the very reflex of the portrait ; I have hanging in my parlor, and which you can see if you wish.' . 'Oh, you have a portrait of your hus band, then?'' I quickly observed. 'Are you quite sure that what you saw was not simply the face of the portrait illuminated in some strange way ?' ?' I am positive that it was not. It was a face I saw, with eyes and nose, and lips -and chin — not a mere flat painted surface.' I was fairly puzzled, and did not attempt to disguise the fact. , As the case had been put before me — and a great deal depends upon that— it appeared one of the most in explicable that had ever come under my notice, and I was strongly inclined to be lieve that a superstitious belief in such visitants from the unseen world, combined perhaps with a conscience partly aroused to a sense of wrong done in the past, had caused my informant to simply imagine or dream what she had described. After eliciting some further information I vaguely promised that I would do wka.tl could for Mrs. Dundas, and then bowed her out. Other matters occupied 'me for some days, but at the end of that time Igave the case enough thought to have a curiosity to see the portrait of the deceased husband, and went over one afternoon for the purpose. I saw the portrait and examined tke house and was more than ever convinced that my i' dreaming theory' was the explanation of the whole, though in this opinion, as will appear, I was thoroughly at fault. . 'After my visit to the house occupied by |Mrs. Dundas, I with' considerable difficulty discovered the address of the cousin whom she had so hastily accused of originating the deception. I found him to be a common place and somewhat stupid looking man of some twenty-five or thirty years, in busi |ness in a humble way for himself. Having imade sure that I was addressing the right man, though without giving my name or ^occupation, I puzzled him not a little by isaying— ' I would like to know ? if you can give ;me the present address of a cousin of yours icalled Mrs. Dundas. I believe she resid.es in : ^Edinburgh — a widow with two daughters.' : At first he stoutly declared that I had . ;been misinformed, and that he had no cousin alive that he knew of, but after a little appeared to recollect the fact, for he said — . ' Ah, I recollect hearing of that woman when I was but a laddie. She was a bad lot, I believe — lived with a. man without 'being married to him, just to do me out of some money, but I have never seen her, and have not heard of her for years. She went to England, I believe; but whether she is idead or alive I don't know, and certainly don't care.' ; A little incredulous, I cross-questioned him minutely, and was speedily convinced tliat he spoke the truth, and. had no know- ? ledge whatever of his consin being in Edin burgh. ; This narrowed my task considerably, by cutting him off from all knowledge of or jcomplicity with the crime which I was em ployed to investigate; but et the same time it put me farther than ever from a clue to the real criminal. With very little hope of ever clearing up the mystery, I was one day passing down the High-street, when I stopped to notice a glaring bill-board carried by two men, on iwhich was inscribed in hideously large and uncoutih letters the words, 'Just added/ Pritchard the Poisoner 1' and I then saw ithat the whole was an advertisement of a :waxwork. then exhibiting in the city. ; I do ' not know what connecting link of memory of mind brought it up, but the moment I read the announcement I remembered the words of Mrs. Dundas about the spirit face ibeing ' almost like wax,' and I stood for some minutes there on the street, appa rently reading -hard at the board, bul; in reality thinking thus :—& What could be easier than for the criminal to make or have made a face of wax, which could be drawn, up, ghastly and corpse-like, before the window when occasion suited ?: I wonder who makes the wax faces of these figures, and how they set . about it. They ; must copy them in soine way from por traits, and I have dearly ascertained that a portrait of Mrs; Dundas's paramour is in existence.' , ..' After a few such reflections 1 wandered through several streets, and then paid a visit to the waxwork, where 1 got into Conversation with the proprietor— com- mended the likeness .of Pritchard as a good, one, and finally enquired who had modelled it. The answer at first was rather a. lofty . one, but after, a little- the man admitted that in this case he had neither sent to London or Glasgow, and finally took me up stairs to a little den, ia. which ths modeller — a lame man, both ragged and dirty and smelling strongly of whisky was hard at work on the head of a London murderer. After a little quiet manipula- . tion this man — the cripple— said — ? ' Do any jobs for private persons ? Oh, ibless you, yes. -I made up a face for a young man, only a week or :tw0 since modelled it from a boH. painting, an' got well paid for it into the bargain.' ' A young man ! What was the young man li£e ?' I enquired, affecting -to yawn wearily. ' 'Bout twenty-five or thirty. Brought the -portrait and said he could on'y leave it for six hours, 'cos the lady — a widder, I think— as it belongs to couldn't endure it ! bein' longer out of her sight.' ?'?? ' It would be a nice, flattering thing he wanted, I suppose ? A bright fresh thing, as full of color as a new blown rose?' I casually remarked. 'No; there you're wrong. He wanted it as pale and; corpse looking as possible; same as the feller had new come out of his grave,' rejoined the modeller. 'He was particular about that.' 'He wouldn't give his name, I sup pose?' - ??',., : 'I didn't ax none.' ' And there would be none on the por trait?'? , .,?'-...? 'None, except the name' of the painter, I think— F. Brown— at the left hand corner, in a fold of the curtains.' At last! at last I had got a clue! for this was almost the only peculiarity which I had observed in the portrait at Mrs. Dundee's home. My after remarks must have appeared somewhat incoherent to the : modeller, for what I said, or how it was spoken, I have not the faintest recollection. As soon as I had left the place my thoughts recurred to Mrs. Dundas's cousin, and I began to faintly ask myself if his igno rance and simplicity had been affected, and. if, after all, I might not discover him to be the prime mover in the whole scheme. With this idea beginning to take hold of my mind, I made~my way to Mrs. Dundas's home and abruptly asked her if the portrait of her hus band had ever to her knowledge been lent : to any one, or removed from her custody for even a few hours. The reply was an emphatic negative ; and to convince me that such a thing was impossible, she. called in her daughters and repeated my question to them. Both of these interesting looking young women at once asserted that the portrait had never been out of the house; but it struck me that the elder — whose un commonly pretty face and bright eyes had attracted my gaze most — winced palpably as the the sharp question was thrown out.' At the moment I thought of. no connection between.her and the. crime ; and my fixed attention was that of admiration, hot suspicion. . But when the visit was over, and I had left the house, the odd circum stance came back upon my memory so per sistently that I at length, began to make cautious enquiries regarding this girl in the jinmediat^nei^bborhooqloflierliQaie, Icame upon little of importance till 1 got in tow with a milk deliverer who knew as much, of other people's private affaire that unknown to herself :she had been generally dubbed ' The Newspaper.' Cautiously alluding to the. D'undases, I was rewarded' by learning that -the elder girl had been courted by a young 'man — a merchant's son — for more than a, year, but that the engagement had been suddenly broken off. f And why was it broken off, do you know?' was my next enquiry. ' Ah, jist because young Maister Leitches' folk wadna alloo Mm to marry a bastard,' was the unctious reply. ' A bastard ?' I echoed, not, in surprise, but simply because my mind was flashing back on the whole of the strange case, and I was beginning to fear that I had been stupidly-following a false clue all along. ; ' Yes; it's nae secret that Mrs. Dondas was never married, though, she has twa daughters,' glibly continued the News paper. 'Tbeiieve the lassie was awfu'put aboot at bein' cuist aff, and said she could easy prove to them that she wasna a has- - tard, but I'm thinkin' that's mair than she'll . ever manage, and the marriage has never been heard o' since.' The news electrified me, but at the same time I hesitated to make a criminal of a daughter even to save the mother from a silly deception, and thought I would take ! a night to decide upon my proper courae. - Curiously enough the first face I met at the Central next morning was that of Mrs. : Dundas, who excitedly reported that the 'spirit face,' in palpable falsehood and breach of good faith, had again appeared commanding her to make the desired ac knowledgment, and also to ' call off that \ miserable detective, McGrovan,'or she would be dead in twenty-one days. Upon being thus threatened the unhappy woman had sprung up with a succession of terrible screams, which instantly roused her younger daughter, though the elder slept soundly for some minutes longer. I made no comment, but put on my hat, and accompanied the mother back to her home, where I considerably astonished the girls by asking them to help me to search the house. This task was at once begun and executed — I taking special care never once to allow the elder daughter out of my sight — till every corner, bed, press, and drawer had been ransacked,. but a large leather- bound trunk owned by the elder daughter. I sharply asked for the key of this box, and knew in a moment I had come upon my quarry by the awful look of pallor and guilt which settled on the anxious face of the elder girl. First she be came deathly pale, but tried to boldly and impudently brave it out ; then she loudly asserted that she had lost the key; but then her mother, with the fury of a tiger, had sprung on her, rand almost torn the pocket from off her dress to wrench out the missing key, when she gave way to an hysterical burst of fears, mingled with piteous entreaties for mercy. Scarcely less agitated the unhappy mother unlocked the trunk, and after turning out a few articles of dress came, upon the wax head which ?had caused all the trouble, as well as a small spirit lamp fitted with green glass, which had evidently been used to cast the mysterious light across the spirit face which had so -awed and puzzled the victim of the deception. It was a painful task to me, but there was nothing for i]t but for me to take the girl with me. I had a strong suspicion that I ought to have taken her lover as ?well for his share in the trick, but as the . gM piteously declared that she meant to plead guilty'to the whole without any aid whatever' from any . other, I mercifully allowed that part of the case to rest. Shortly after Maggie Dundas was put upon trial, and convicted upon her own confession, she declared that the first sus picion of the truth had dawned upon her upon a former occasion when being taunted as a girl with being a bastard, and repeat ing the cruel words to her mother, she re membered her saying — ' If our bread did not depend upon it, I could easily silence the slanderers. Let themlive on in the delu sion.' The judge commented rather se verely upon the heartlessness of the scheme by which the life of' the prisoner's own mother might have been sacrificed, but ad mitted that there was another side to the question even more painful to contem plate, and to which it was out of his pro vince to allude. The sentence was im prisonment for three months. Strangely enougbthe very attempt which Mrs. Dundas had made to conceal the truth by placing the case in our hands led to it being' re^ vealed; for the attention of the cousin being drawn to the trial, he employed a lawyer to enquire into his 'rights, and by advertising this man actually produced and brought to this country a man who swore' most positively that he had been witness to a private agreement of marriage between Mrs. Dundas and her husband, which was signed. by them and himself , -as well as another witness since dead. Mrs. Dundaa herself was put upon oath, and so shuffled and prevaricated that she was nearly com mitted' for trial upon a charge of perjury, verdict being at once given for the plaintiff. Maggie Dundas, I believe, was never for given by her impoverished mother, but found some compensation, doubtless, in being met with joy by her lover at the gaol gate, and married to him a fortnight after with the 'full consent and approval of his parents. ... At ftu artistic sapper not long since some one said that ' The Kpll Call,' clerer as it was, had been injudiciously praised.— ' Yes,' said .a second person, ' I call it « The Battered Roll.' ' —'And I,' said a third, 'The men who were mustered after they'd been peppered.' 