A MODERN GHOST STORY. The following narrative, said to bo written by an intelligent and trustworthy young lady, w published in Notes and Queries—'1 W'lull 1 atu going to relate happeuod to myself while alaying wilU some north-country couaius, last July, "at thoir house in. Yorkshiro. I had spent a few days Ihete in the summer of tho previous year, but without then hearing or seeing anything out of tho common. On my iecond visit, arriving early in tho afternoon, I went out boating with some of the family, spent a very jolly evening, and Unally went to bed—a little tired, perhaps, with the day's work, but not the least nervous. I slept soundly uutil between 3 and 4, just when the day was beginning to break. I hud been awake for a short time when suddenly tho door of my bedroom opeuod and thut rather quickly. X fancied it might be ono of thesei vanta, and culled out' Coma in.' After a abort timo the door opened ag vin, but no one camo in at least no one that L could see. Almost , at tho same time that tho door opened for a second timo, I was u littlo Btartled by tho | rustling of curtains belonging to » hanging wardrobe which stood by tlio aide of tho bed ; the rustling continued, and I was soized with ■ a most uncomfortable feeling, not exactly of j fright, but a strange unearthly sensation, thai. I was not alone. I had had that feeling for some minutes, when X saw at tho foot ol the ( bed, a child, about seven or nine years old, , come gliding towards mo as I lay. It was the tiguro of a littlo girl in her night-dross—a littlo girl with dark hair and a very white facc. i tried to speak to her, but could not. She came slowly up on to tho top of tho bed, , and I then saw her faco clearly. She seemed , in great trouble j hot hands wore clasped and her eyes were turned up with u look of en treaty, an almost agonised look. Thenj , slowly unclasping her hands, sho touched mo | on tho shoulder. Tho hand felt icy cold, and , while I Btrovo to spoak sho was gouo. I felt ( moro frightened after the ohild was gone than , before, and began to bo very anxious for tho ■ timo wlion tho servant would mako her ap- , pearanco. Whether I slept again or not i [ hardly know. But by tho timo j tho servant did come, I had porsuadod myself ; that the whole alTair was nothing but a very : rivid nightmare. However, when X eamo i ioivn to breakfast, thoro were many remarks ] ibout my not looking well, and it was observed ] ;bat I was pale. In answer, I told my cousins | :hatl had had a most vivid nightimru, and I i remarked if I was a boliover in ghosts 1 , should imagine I had aeon one. Nothing I More was said at tho timo upon this subject, jxcept that my host, who was a doctor, ob- i served that I had better not sleep in the room iguin, at any rato not alone. Solho follow i ing night one of my couaius slept in 1 ilie same room with nu1. Neither of us saw t jrheard anything out of thu way during, that i light or the early morning. That boing tho < 3ise, X persuaded myself that what X- hud I leeu had been only imagiuatiou, and, much > i.rainst everybody's wish, X insisted tho next < light ou sleeping in the room again, and ( iloue. Accordingly, having retired again to i she saiuo room, i was kneeling down at the i bedside to Bay my prayers, when exactly the I lame dread as before came over me. The cur- 1 iaius of tho wardrobe swayed about, and X i lad tho Bamo sensation aa previously that 1 l fpaB not alone. I felt too frightened to stir, ( Then luolcily for mo, one of my cousins cauie ; n for ^something . which sho had left. On i booking at mo, she exclaimed, 'Have you seen 1 inything ?' I said 1 No,' but told lior bow I < silt, and, without much psrsuasion being 1 loceflsary, I left the room with her, and 1 lever returned to it. When my hostosB 1 earned what hid liappenod (as sho did iin- ' nediately). sbo told mo I must not sleep in 1 ;hat roam again as the nightmare had made 1 mch an improision upon mo. I should 1 .inagine, she said, all sorts of things, and malit ! nyself quite ill. I went to anothor room, 1 ind during tho rest of my visit (a week) was lot troubled by any reappearance of tho littlo i tif 1. On leaving, my cousin, tho eldest laughter of the doctor, wont on a visit with 1 me "to the {houso of an uncle of mino in tho aams connty. Wo stayed thoro for ibout a fortnight, and during that time the littlo girl was alluded to only as my night maro. In this I afterwards found there was i little reticence, for just boforo loaving my ancle's my cousin said to me, ' I must tell pou aomethiug I have been longing to tell ! pou ever siucc I left home. But my father 1 ioaired me not to tell you, as, not being very 1 itrong, you might bo too frightened. • Your 1 nightmare was not n nightmare at all, but the 1 ippurition ofa littlo girl.' She then wont on So tell me that this littlo girl had been soon < three times before, by three difforout membors ■ jf tho family, but as it was some nine or ten fears sinco, they almost ceased to think any- < thing about it, until I related my experiences i m the morning aftor the first night of my i second visit. My cousin further went on to i tell me that hor younger sister, whilst in bed, i had, ouo morning, about daybreak, to her ■>reat surprise, seen a little girl with dark hair, i standi:'" with her back to her, lookiua out of the window. She took this figure for hor i liltlo sister, and spoke to it. Tho child not roplying nor moving from her position, sho i called out to it, ' It's no use standing there; I know you. You can't play tricks with me.' On looking round, however, she saw that her littlo sister, whom sho thought alio i was addressing, and who was sleeping with i her, had not moved from tho bed. Almost at the eamo time tUo child passed from the window into the room' of her (my cousin's) BiBter A„ and tho latter,, aa she alterwards declared,' distinctly saw tho figure of a child standing by the aide of a table in hor room. Sho spoko to it, and it inatautly dis appeared. Tho little girl was subsequently noain seon, for the last time before I saw it, by my cousin's father, Dr. H. It was in tho early daylight of a summer's morning, and ho was going upstairB to his room, having just returned froma professional visit. On this occasion ho saw tho same child—lie noticed its dark hair—running up tho stairs immediately boforo him, until it reached his room aud entered it- When ho got into tho room it was gone. Thus tho apparition has been soen three times by tho family, and once by me. I am tho only one, how ever, that "has its face. It has also never been seen twico in the same room by anyone else." 