THE BALLARAT REVIVAL. Par [From the Age.]n A great change for the better has lately amt taken place in the prosperity and pros- has pacts of the Ballarat district. The dis- dur covery of payable quartz reefs running Bal through the heart of the city has given a ar remarkable impetus to mining enterprise. mn it is well known what vast yields of gold pan have been obtained from the alluvial be workings whose ramifications extend in and almost every direction round the district, Th but of course theso claims were in course of time exhausted, and all the rich drift £1 was washed upand thegoldextracted. Yet, vii so extensive was the alluvial plateau that pr it kept Ballarat going for over a quarter 4a of a century, providing employment for wh thousands of miners, and centralising con other industries. The question was for ext years discussed- why are there no quartz poi reefs on Ballarat similor to those on Sand- ree hurst? In Sandhurst numerous reefs of No fabulous richness were opened out in the of early days, and they have been worked the ever since, being almost inexhaustible, but ind no such reefs were to be found at Balla- Ba rat. A few patches of quartz were to be mi met with here .:nd there, cropping up on ea the surface, but nothing that correspon- ta ded with the auriferous character of the wi drift. Meanwhile the yield of gold from the the old mines was falling off; claims be were getting worked out and abandoned ; we miners were leaving the district, and Fe enterprise was being baffled and dis- lo couraged. The value of the property bu went down, houses were left tenantless to 20 go to ruin and decay, and oih the whole F, the prospects of Ballarat were indeed very gloomy. But Ballarat men have in always been noted for their pluck and b energy, and year after year the search for £ quartz reefs was continued with all the el energy that limited capital could bring to a bear, and at last success has given the re s ward to which such honest and persistent , industry was entitled. h( The important discovery of a payable it quartz reef was first made about twelve bm B months ago by the Band and Albion h Consols, one of the pioneer companies of Ballarat ; and the circumstances connected ea with this discovery are of a remarkable B character. This company formerly carried hI on alluvial operations, and produced B many thousands of ounces of gold. They a occupy a large area of ground about half a mile from the centre of the city, on the , right bank of the Yarrowee Creek. From a their eastern shaft a crosscut was put in F to the westward for a distance of 500 feet, and a reef was cut which, on a trial crush- i ing, was found to contain gold in payable T quantities. It is a singular fact that the Kohinoor Company was prospecting and f driving for years in search of the sup ,f posed roef, but all their operations were e directed westward towards the alluvial n e, diggings. Had the Kohinoor Company a 1 driven towards the east instead of the west they would have come upon the reef q r twenty years ago, and the whole history r of Ballarat would have been changed. No a such excitement has been seen in the a t colony since the Sandhurst rush of 1871. a .r All who recollect that great event will be able to form a pretty good idea of what has been going on in Ballarat within the a last six months. The present rush is cer tainly not of such wild and extravagant M proportions as those of the Sandhurst mania, when that city was invaded with a n people from all parts of Australia. Some od f the lessons of the Sandhurst fever have h had a salutary effect in toning down the d es present excitement at Ballarat, and ir moderating the prices of stock. Still there P are to be seen some of the usual symptoms of reckless speculation mixed up with legitimate investment. Companies have c as been lately floated at the rate of 30 a week, 8 and the share market is now quite in undated with bubble scrip. Small areas of ground have been cut up and sub divided ; tributes and even sub-tributes formed. One company has no fewer than c five tributes. The Ballarat men have 0 md beaten Sandhurst speculators in the way a of creating tributes. An abundance of e he money is yet required to open out the 8 J Consols Reef, where the gold is known to la exist. Very few of those newly-organised a ira or resuscitated companies have begun to t a- pay dividends. A carefully-compiled list Is, shows that there are only 10 dividend alt paying companies on Ballarat proper at e present, viz. :-Band and Albion Consols, t I Band of Hope Quartz, Black- hill, at Duchess, New Kohinoor, Llanberris, he Now Dimock, Parade, Sergeant's Free- I in hold, Washington Freehold. As v or against these 10 dividend - pay ,t ing companies there are over 100 non rd dividend-paying companies which can be c ff only described as having fair prospects, ble and about an equal number which can Sd hardly be said to have a ghost of a show era -at any rate, not at present. Now, if the thousands of pounds are spent in unprofit od, able works and heavy expenses incidental to to the floating of unnecessary companies, o the capital required to erect machinery le, and carry on operations along the known ore lines of reef will not be forthcoming when zd it is wanted. Quartz mining on Ballarat ma is only in its infancy, and much is yet to rlbe done in the way of developing such ing reefs as the Consols,the Black-hill and the self Prince of Wales, and in preparing for of deep sinking. Four or five hundred feet the deep is comparatively shallow sinking in E quartz mining, particularly when that is ra all above the water as it is in Ballarat. o The city of Ballarat is founded upon a huge layer or pancake-like formation of basalt, which extends around in a circle C of about twenty-five miles, and to adepth r,f from 100 to 500 feet below the surface. Outside and below that stratification of L basalt there is nothing but schist. The T Iasalt is of volcanic origin,and .ust harve been deposited in its present position ages q Igo, in the form of tremendous waves of t! lava proceeding from some unknown and in undiscovered crater. The schist is the E original bed rock of the country, which cc las been shattered and fractured into a various masses, and blended together in pl fantastic groups by the action of pro- in longed geological agencies. For instance, w those who have visited Ballarat will re- bi nember the little meandering stream run- be wing through the, city southwards, and in they will remember the gentle hilly slope co sway to the east of that creek. Well, at the Yarrowee Creek is the apparent ti sastern boundary of the basaltic waves, sy the ranges eastward being composed of ev ichist rocks, which are to be seen on the ti rery surface, whilst away to the west for pi niles the rocks are nearly all basaltic to bh he depth just indicated of from 100 to Sj iOO feet. Tlhiough these stratifications of to ,chist and basalt shoot up in meridional w ines the numerous quartz reefs to which ti e brief reference was made in my first lii erticle. But there are some experienced tl niners and shrewd observers who tl ere of opinion that payable quartz tl uan only be found enclosed in schist. ir There are three principal well-defined ca oodies of reef now known to be running w through Ballarat north and south. (1) The n Jonsols line, supposed to run through re Raglan-street, and under the city ; (2) the S Prince of Wales line, running parallel fur- ti ther west from the Prince of Wales claim ti to Lake Wendouree ; and (3) the Black- as hill, Canadian or Golden Point line, which h is away to the east about three-quarters g of a mile from the Consols. The Consols w and Black-hill are the most important reefs b yet discovered in the district, and they t are at present the objects of greatest at- e tention. The mines of the Black-hill and a Parade companies are the most developed s on this reef. The Consols line, however, t is the one which enjoys the greatest amount of public patronage, seeing that it has been proved to be the richest and heost durable of all previous quartzdiscoveriesin Ballarat ; and on thas line the claim of the Band and Albion Consols is by far the most celebrated. The history of this com pany is extremely romantic. It seems to be the connecting link between the old and new systems of mining on Ballarat. The total quantity of gold got by the com pany previous to March, 1868, was £1,091,287, which was derived from allu vial workings : the total yield under the present registration, which commenced in March, 1868, has been about £900,000, which was derived from alluvial and quartz combined. This claim is on the southern extremity of the Consols reef, and it was the point from which the discovery of the reef was made and then traced northwards. Nothing payable has yet been found south of this mine, and it has been suggested that the reef has been broken by a fissure indicated by the gully with which the Baud and Albion ground is nearly coter minous. At the 150 feet level of their eastern shaft a crosscut was put in a dis tance of between 500 and 600 feet west ward, towards the old alluvial mine, and there a fine-looking reef was discovered, being about 6 inches thick, underlying westwards. That reef was struck in February, 1879. As the stone was fol lowed down it was found to expand in bulk until at the 350 feet level it was over 20 feet thick. • It averaged 1 oz per ton. For a time after the exact value of the quartz was established the shares, 22,450 in number, were only worth 2s 6d each ; but now they are worth from £7 5s to £7 10s, and have since paid £1 5s per share in dividends, making them equal to about £8 10s. They have recently erected a forty-head battery of stampers adj i,-.nt to the new mine. The forty head battery is considered a colossus in its way, and no doubt so it is for Ballarat; but when it is compared with the 100 head batteries of the Koch's Pioneer Com pany at Long Gully, and numerous other extensive plants, the proud evidences of Bendigonian enterprise, it will be seen how far belhind is quartz mining on Ballarat. In a northerly direction is the New Kohinoor Company, with its numerous "pups" or tributes, the Washington Freehold and Sergeant's Freehold claims all clustered together among houses,show ing the complicated character of titles. The New Kohinoor Company is one of the veteran companies of Ballarat; it was formerly known as the Burra Burra. They have been at work for many years searching for the supposed reefs, but they never discovered any lastingly payable stone until after the Band and Albion discovery. In 1861 they obtained t little quartz, which paid well for a time, but it was soon worked down to the water level, and the run of it was lost. The Band and Albion Company's quartz shaft was, as already stated, further east than the BurraBurrrra ground. They drove west ward to find the old Burra Burra lode, and before reaching the old one they dis covered the new one. Whilst this Com pany was struggling with its difficulties, Mr W. Collard Smith held a fifth share; and had he retained hIis interest a few months longer, it would have been now worth nearly £20,000. Even since the discovery of the Consols reef, and a short time before the value of the Kohinoor's property became known, thousands of shares in the New Kohinoor Company were forfeited and sold for a threepenny call. At the present moment the same shares with the "pups" are worth £8 each. ONE TONOUI ENOUGI.-"? NO," eX claimed Mr Penhecker, "No, madam, I object most decidely. Once and for all I say it-the girls shall not be taught for eign languages." "And why not, prayl" said Mrs P., with withering sarcasm. "Because," said Mr P., with more wither ing sarcasm, "because, Mrs P., one tongue is enough for any womanl" Mrs Penhecker responded not. TAYLORBROTHERSMARAVILLA COCOA.-Taylor Brothers, London, having thie exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other ,Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma-Sanativc, \- Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One trial a will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refresh Sment after a late evening. For favourable opinions, vide Standard, Morning Post, lBriti.le Medical Journcal. ,o., c. Taylor SBrothers' HIomeopathic Cocoa.--This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufacture 1 bh if Taylor Brothers, under the ablest hommo \- pathic advice, aided by the skill and ex 1 perience of the inventors, and will be foumc , to combine in an eminent degree the purity y fine aroma, and nutritious property of the Sfresh nut. Taylor Brothers' Solubl: n Chocolate is made in one minute withou t boiling. Taylor Brothers' MaravilL to 'Cocoa Essence, or Pure Soluble Cocoa \--This exquisite production will supply want long felt by cocos drinkers, namely, e perfectly genuine article, free from admix or ture of any kind: nourishing, refreshin et and grateful to the palate. In a lb. tini in Taylor Brothers' Ohicory. - Manufai is tured from the finest Belgian root. In 28 an 56 lb. tins. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, Los la don. Export Chiccry Mills, Bruges, Be of gium.-Advt, 