Warwick and Stanthorpe Line. OPENING OF SPRING CREEK BRIDGE. (By OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) ON Monday morning toward mid-day, and far too late for your Tuesday's issue, I awaited the coming of the next through train to Spring Creek at Jack Sterne's crossing. It is lo be feared that had you depended on your " special' in this particular instance he would have been found wanting, inasmuch as the surprise and delight experienced in the various successful tests applied to the bridge, led to a truly practical consultation anent the liquid products of Messrs, Piper, Hen nessy, and Schnapps, which somewhat con fused your special. I do not mean to in sinuate that either Messrs. Overend or the Government Engineers encouraged any thing of this kind. Not at all. These good things had been provided in due season by some unknown hand. However, the day was an enjoyable one, and as you have furnished me with full liberty to deseribe the day's doings in my own way I will give it you The ponderous Baldwin halted at Percy street crossing with magnificent precision, under the masterly command of my friend " Bob" Scott. Excuse a free interpreta tion of the name because there is not the sligh test intention to take liberties with the ex emplary Robert, but in connection with all railways there is a certain .sobriquet applied to all men of prominence connected with the iron road. And by way of digression for a moment permit, a brief illustration of this. Many years ago at the Swindon Great Wes tern Railway works, an illustrious party paid a roundabout visit to the shops. They hal ted here and there in the course of their hur ried progress, to exchange a kind word with some ingenious employee, or some fellow who had dared to enter upon " the art, mystery, and science of engineering. Amongst the latter was "your own." and the afternoon is fresh in my memory when the redoubtable Brunel, Daniel Gooch, William Gooch, John Gooch. and.J. R .Jones were passing round the immense upper shops at Swindon where "your own*' was seeking his initiative instruction pending the Stephenson of the future. Mr. Jones was the identical man of Monday last, and apart from the pleasure of the day, his rubicund happy countenance inspired one with felicitous recollections of bygone times. Their appearance was welcomed by a whisper that "here comes Bruny, Dan, Old !Jones, Bill, and Jack." One can well recollect the (truthful prediction of the great Isambar Kingdon, when he playfully slapped " your own" on the buck, and declared that he was far too fat to become a clever en gineer. Happy consolation for a fellow who had been backed by hopeful parents in a large sum of money to become the master of a distinguished profession. But then I was not endowed with such a square and well balanced knowledge box as our very respec ted Government Engineer, Mr. Jones, for I lost heart at Brunel's prophecy, and soon gnve up the ghost as far as engineering was concerned. But to resume. As soon as we steamed away from the crossing a on Monday, I ex perienced nervous misgivings as to the fate of a bevy of Warwick beauty which the grim Baldwin in its steaming strides pushed be fore us. On a truck furnished with rude seats were some of the leading wives and daughters of the district bound for Spring Creek. After running to our destination, some thirteen miles from Warwick, the fair passengers and their friends debarked, and at once proceeded to refreshment provided at the temporary residence of the official engi neer. Excepting a distant view of an eleva ted range of country which follows the Bald Mountain in the direction of the tunnel, there is nothing at Spring Creek to satiate the lovers of scenery in the slightest degree. Scrubby trees interminable appear to the eye in every direction a delicate piece of en gineering workmanship in the form of steel bridge standing before us, with an obstinate looking cutting on the Stanthorpe end, are the only indications suggestive of civiliza tion. Silence is only broken now and again by the cheerful voices of those whose pre sence lends a graceful concomitant to the opening ceremony in connection with the bridge, and as the "puff" of " Bob" Scott's engine marks its dignified progress across the steel bars, we are persuaded that what ever may be the resources of this district they are now open to the easiest and fullest develop ment, and that this past home of the kan garoo and wallaby must soon he utilised to practical uses. The almost universal use of canvas for residential purposes round and about here by the workpeople, suggests a new name for the locality, and in lieu of "Spring Creek," which is a most niggardly streamlet at best, "Tentville" would appear more ap propriate, bearing in mind its modern ap plication at. this particular point. To proceed at once to the practical busi ness of the day. I may state that amongst those present officially concerned were Mr. Annett, the Government Engineer, and Mr. J. R. Jones, Government Inspector, &c.; I was too apprehensive upon the substantiality of the structure before me to pay much at tention to the persons who were present. The forty-one ton Baldwin, with eight, trucks attached ahead, each laden with nine tons of stuff, steamed off at one o'clock towards the viaduct, and with a strong prejudice against, steel in erec tions of this nature, the pulsations of my heart increased momentarily with the beat ing of the ponderous locomotive. But like a physician who has the fullest confidence in his prescription, each of the good gentlemen officially concerned glided off on their charge across the delicate span of steel with a most impressive air of nonchalance. Excepting a playful twitter of delight amongst the fair circle of spectators who were present, there was no mark of applause to greet the com pletion of this bridge on the part of assembled workmen. They were, perhaps, induced to silence by their previous predictions that when once the engine reached the centre span it would descend passengers and all to Davy Jones' locker, and the admirable suc .cess of this trial must have somewhat amazed them. The greatest strain was applied when "Bob" re-crossed the viaduct at full speed, but the material difference in defection was ton slight to invite comment. This is by no means the largest, but certainly the hand somest railroad structure in Queensland. Excepting the substantial piers, the sustain ing way, which is simply a cobweb of steel, bears a. very fragile appearance, but its ca pabilities as a weight carrier are beyond question, and the materials supplied in its erection are evidently from a first class firm. I cannot, however, resist the belief when viewing the scale on which this bridge is put together as compared with specimens of iron- work in the old times, that the proportions now adopted for steel bridge building are being reduced to a minimum. But the engine driver's remarks impressed us much upon the durability of this particular bridge, and others of a like nature, to say nothing of the unshaken confidence of the Government En gineers. Robert Scott, who looks as though he might reasonably expect thirty years more in this state, scorned the suggestion as to any want of substantiality about Spring Creek bridge for any reasonable period. "Our heads will cease to ache," said he " before the bridge will give way." The circumstance shall therefore be recorded, in order that pos terity may be relieved from any misgivings through imaginary dangers surrounding a railway journey to Stanthorpe. The total length of the Spring Creek bridge is made up in the following propor tions-two fifty feet spans at either end, and a centre span of one hundred feet. The ma sonry sustaining the permanent way of steel work was put up by a Warwick tradesman and reflects immense credit on him. Beside two solid abutments on both sides of the vale, embedded with Doric solidity into the bosom of the earth, there are four piers, and the expense and inconvenience entailed in their structure will be keenly remembered by the contractor, for each huge block in the four pillars now before us was hauled in a rough manner and unshapely form from quarries at Deuchar's Creek, eight or nine miles off. The' two fifty feet girders have a fixed bear ing at the centre of each, but at. one end of those bearings is a most efficient expansion slide to allow free scope for the elasticity of tho girders. The 100 feet centre span is fit ted on a rocking cradle of cast iron so as to allow of the vibration when under the sub jective influence of a passing train. The two fifty feet spans at either end are fitted with bed plates, top and bottom, and four expan- sion rollers. It is unnecessary to go into any details anent this bridge, which is built on a system of tension and compression bars, with upper and lower bars-the whole being made of steel. The whole of the floorway on the bridge is composed of way beams 12x7, the iron bark work being bolted at each end. Longitudinal bearings are laid on the top of these, well cogged and braced. The tests were undertaken on Mon day by the Government officials, and a number of Messrs. Overend and Co's, staff, and as evidence of the uniform genuineness of the work, it may be stated that each of the outlying spans of fifty feet, was identical in test, the deflection showing three-eights of an inch, and the centre span indicated a deflec tion of nine-sixteenths of an inch, but in the most severe strain when the engine was driven suddenly at high speed across the bridge, the instruments registered ten-six teenths. But the anticipations of all timorous people who are hostile to steel as compared with iron for bridgework were speedily dissi pated not only by the passage of the .' Queens- lander*' and its ponderous train of nine ton trucks, but the answers given by instruments used in deflection. These indicated that after the test matters stood "as they were," the metal superstructure recovering its original position, and not showing any declension. Of course, l am inquisitive on these occasions, and I had the conversation between Mr. Annett and the veteran bridge builder, Mr. Jones, by subsequently eliciting from the latter gentleman, that the whole of the work had recovered the line originally taken, after making due allowance for compression of timber, which, in this instance was one-eighth of an inch. To all persons prejudicod against the Yankee minimum proportions adopted in these times for bridge building, the present test must prove a relief. Nevertheless, re garding the deteriorating* tendency of steel when exposed to the elements, I could not con template the present viaduct without restraining a wish that the proportions throughout had been two-eighths of an inch thicker. I was inclined to the belief that the designer was a true Shiptonite, and meant that it should stand good for a year, but if the testimony of my sagacious friend, Bob Scott, be worthy of credence, and I doubt not it is, why the present generation have no cause for alarm, and our successors must look to their own welfare, and above all things provide for a good system of bridge inspection at frequent intervals. Meanwhile, it is a pleasure to endorse the statements which have hitherto appeared in your columns, as to the manner in which Messrs. Overend and Co. are carrying out their contract In more than one sense they have certainly had "an uphill game," but they have groped the multiform difficulties and impediments in an earnest and masterly spirit, and I am happy to be able to add they have surmounted them, including that very hard crust, the tunnel yonder. The bridge at Mineral Creek yet awaits completion, and I hope in the course of a few weeks to give you a detailed account of it. The day finished up with a recherche luncheon, provided, I believe, by the contractor in the temporary chateau which provides a home for Brunel's old com panion. It was a truly refreshing diversion after the excitement which attended the trials to say nothing of the appetising influence of bracing air at this sterile recess. The healths of the Government gentlemen, the contractor, and all concerned, were " flzzingly" pledged in bumpers of champagne, in which the ladies graciously joined, the oratorical portion of the proceedings being neatly inaugurated by Mr. C. E. H., of Warwick. The distinguished party of visitors returned to Warwick at 5 o'clock, at which hour repeated screams of the engine whistle failed to arouse your somnolent correspondent, who awoke at sunset, and after nursing a bottle of Piper for a time, perambu lated to Warwick, calling at Stivery Jack's on the way, footsore, dejected and weary, with occasional visions of a crashing bridge. That .Sir, was the reason why I trudged into your office at midnight, far too late for your Tues day issue. Moral. Never depend again on amateur correspondents. But I hope the little items t have collected may not be unac ceptable, although my efforts on Monday were to a certain extent abortive. Tjie " OBSERVES" NEWSPAPER.-We learn that, a change in the proprietorship of our penny morning contemporary has taken place, Mr. Mellefont, the senior proprietor, having disposed of his interests in the Observer to certain gentlemen, among whom, we are in formed, is a prominent member of the minis* terial party in tho Assembly.-Telegraph. Dxst&ICT; COURT.-The business in connec tion with this court will commence on Tues day morning at the Court House, before his Honor Judge Paul. There is one criminal charge against a man named Dyor for horse stealing and several civil cases, some of them being important -[We bear upon going to proFB that the bill against Dyer has been thrown out, consequently the jury summond to attend will not now be required.-ED. WJL.] THE TEMORA GOLD Euso.-The Ternora rush still continues. Tho incoming steamers are crowded with arriving diggers, and the traius are crowded with departing ones. This rush ia something unique in tho easi ness of getting there, as a railway extend* to within about thirty miles of the field. Pro visions are olso exceptionally cheap. The population is variously estimated at from 12,000 to 15,000. The so-called lead appears to be more a chain of patches thitn defined runs of nurifcrious wash. New ground has been opened in several places, but until water is brought on to the field it will be im possible to accurately determine the valuo of the auriferous deposits of the new field. Tho prospects washed range from 3gr. to 3dwt. to the dish, and it is stated that 3 oz. was washed out of one dish. This latter state ment must, however, be received cum grano salis. Buildings of a substantial character are going up like magic on the field, and it has been round necessary by the <*overnuiont to considerably enlarge tho township. Three | newspapers have already been published on j the field, and two more will be issued in the course of a few days, so the minora will not ? lack journalistic literature. The Government are fully alive to the necessity of providing water supply, nnd have instructed, Mr harden Sharpe to report upon the subject. It is difficult to see how water can be con served upon the ground in time to be of any practical service in testing the value of the field. A proposal has been made to nupply Tetuora with water from Hit Murruinbidgee Uiver. The ,nearest point of that, river to the goldfleld is ubout thirty-five miles, and the intervening ground is level. Water for domestic purposes is rapidly disappearing, and it is stated that there is not more than three weeks' supply at command. There is little doubt that in course of time a large mining population will bo located in the Temora district, but it is utterly useless-it is simply uiadni'ss-for people withoi 1 money to go to the rush. -C'»nricr. 