The Late Rev. J. Dare, D.D- The Wesleyan-Methodist Church of this colony has sustained, in the decease of the above-named minister, a severe and almost irrenarable loss. His loss will not only be felt by this colony generally, but in all the neighbouring colonies, where his name was a household word. The reverend gentleman's career in connection with the Wesleyan body has been a long and a varied one. He first came to this colony in the year 1849, but very soon afterwards proceeded to South Australia to commence his ministerial career. His first appointment was to the Adelaide circuit, under the superintendence of the Rev. D. J. Draper and Rev. W. Hill (both de ceased, the former being drowned in the steamship London, and the latter killed at Pentridge). He afterwards laboured in some of the South Australian circuits, and from thence came to Victoria. His first circuit in this colony was at Sand- hurst, where, according to the Methodist custom, he was stationed for three years, his labours being crowned with great good to his congregation. His popularity became so great that every circuit requested his appoint ment over them, but Geelong, North Mel bourne, Brunswick street, Ballarat, and St. Hilda, were the favoured circuits, and he spent three years at each. The energy he displayed while managing these circuits was so great that his health at this time began to fail him, and while at Ballarat the first symptoms of the fatal disease showed themselves. Up to this time Dr. Dare had been a strong, able-bodied man. His pleasing features and finely- developed figure will be remembered by all who knew him, and his warm and hearty welcome and con gratulations are fresh in the memory of all his mourning friends. Finding, however, that his health was suffering, he made appli cation to the Wesleyan Conference of 1872 for a year's leave of absence. The confer- ence very generously responded to the re- quest of their much- esteemed and loved minister, and allowed him the long-required and hard-earned leave of absence. About the year 1873 he commenced his trip, and visited America. While there he frequently preached and lectured to large congregations. His telling language and forcible eloquence riveted him to the hearts of the people whom he addressed. On his way home to Victoria he visited the continent and the Holy Land. His descriptions of these visits, and the fulness of his heart in expressing his feelings while visiting the chosen spots of that district, can never be forgotten by those who were fortunate enough to hear him. It may be said that his health some what improved, and he returned slightly better. He resumed his ministerial work, and was appointed to one of the Mel bourne circuits. Shortly after his return from America he was appointed editor of the Wesleylan Spectator and Methodist Chronicle. In the year 1878 the conference appointed him to the highest office obtainable by any minister of that denomination, namely that of president. His term of office was one of extraordinary success, and his utterances at the various meetings held in connection with the conference, more especially his ordination charge to candidates for the ministry, were most powerful. The American Methodist Church paid him the honour of conferring upon him the honorary degree of D.D., which made Dr. Dare the first minister in this colony of his denomination with that title. For the past two years he has been gradually succumbing to the disease which he has fallen a victim to. His last circuit was Brunswick street, Fitzroy, where he was dearly loved as a minister and a man. Every conceivable thing that it was pos sible to do to prolong his valuable life was done, but on Sunday last he expired. His end was very peaceful and without pain, all | of his family being present. The Rev. J. "Watsford was constantly in attendance on his brother minister, and to this gentleman we are indebted for the above particulars. The funeral took place on Tuesday, and was of the most solemn character. The funeral cortege started from the late residence of the deceased gentleman, in Gore street, Fitzroy, and proceeded along Victoria parade, down George street, along Gertrude street, and down to Brunswick street church. An im mense crowd lined the whole way of the pro cession, and in many instances shops were completely closed to show the respect in which the deceased gentleman was held. Having arrived at Brunswick street church, a special service was held ; the Revs. W. L. Blamires, R. Brown, J. S. Waugh, D.D. ; and J. C. Symons officiated. The pulpit of the church was draped in black, also the com munion rails, and a dais was erected for the reception of the coffin. The church was uncomfortably full, and perhaps was never more largely attended, except on a similar occasion — namely, the funeral of the Rev, W. Hill. As the funeral procession moved up the aisle the "Dead March in Saul" was played by the organist, Mr. W. Bennetts, with very good effect. The procession was headed by Mr. W. G. Raven, the undertaker, and the pall-hearers were Revs. -W. L. Blamires J. F. Horsley, T. Williams, and Spencer Williams, and Messrs. E. Barratt, A. Nicol, E. Johns, and the Hon. Alexander Fraser,' M.L.C., laymen. The service was com menced by singing the hymn " Why do we mourn departed friends," after which Dr Waugh, D.D., read a portion of 1st Co rinthians. The Rev. J. C. Symons then gave a resume of Dr. Dare's life in very feeling language, which moved the whole of the congregation to tears. Speaking of the deceased gentleman, he described him as being of a genial and unosten- tatious character, of a good nature, and one who always had a readiness to comply with everything that was requisite or necessary The Christian church had lost in Dr. Dare one of its honoured standard-bearers, and the Wesleyan denomination its most popular preacher, eloquent in the Scripture, and full of the Holy Ghost. All the churches mourned with them, as Dr. Dare was not merely a Methodist preacher, but a friend of all denominations, and his death would be mourned for throughout the length and breadth of the Australian churches and also in England and, America. The precession then moved out in the same ! order to the strains of the" Dead March",and proceeded along Brunswick Street and Elgin street to the cemetery. The following minis ters, representing other churches, were pre- sent to show their respect to their departed brother:— Revs. Dr. Cairns, Connebee, Copeland, Bailhache, Hamilton, James, Gos man, and Ballantyne, and many others whose names could not be ascertained. Arrived at the cemetery, an immense crowd had congregated, so much so that it was almos impossible for the mourners to get near the grave. The religious services were performed by the Rev. J. Watsford and the Rev. W. L. Binks, supported by a large number of Wes leyan ministers, after which a hymn was sung by the Brunswick street choir, who were also in attendance. The grave was next to that of the Rev. W. Hill. The whole of the funeral arrangements were entrusted to Mr. W. G. Raven, of Smith street, Fitzroy, and were carried out satisfac torily. The funeral sermon will be preached on Wednesday, the 7th April, by the Rev. J. Watsford, in Brunswick street Church, at 7 p.m. 