j . : .-! ,/ . -/.() MELBOURNE, i' 'nir > I 1 /FR'OSt ' oijR' 0\VN ''CbRRESffbKDENT. ' Saturday evening. : Itis 'pleasant to navedne calin' blear/day in theweek, pii whioh piib may disoUss/t'Ketaibs less pxcliing than politics. / While /cnthusiatic '/Mel- ' bourne: B.hivors. in damp .boots, oq -the/sodden grass, whiph rings r the ( football grdurids/.thd.,, political philosopher may smoke the tranquilising V Pinafore," und think hoiv blessed a thing it Would bo if the den of Parliamentary battle were" j < heard no moro . in tlie land. Politics fade froin"" liis vieivy uiid become as visionary and intangi ble as a Hamilton ghost-story under investiga tion, and he almost deludes himself into the belief that life domestic is possiblo without one eternal,- breathless; exerted, yearning, craving for Reform. Thus happy, thus tranquiliscd, to minor themes leaps tho vagrant mind, and one of the first' things Which suggests itself is the visit of Alderman Young, whose princely reception in Syduey of our bowling champions is " in our flowing cups freshly remembered." This aftor- Soon a friendly "game was playod at the Fitzroy nk, at which Alderman Young was suitablyrp ohtertainod, aiid it has boon arranged that when '- tlie New South Wales team play in their return visit iii October or November next, the whole of tie bowliiig 'olubs: in tlio colony will unite tin giving them a reception of a character lo re quite tho unusual courtesy with which our re presentatives' wero received in New South ,; Wales. Iu this it is anticipated Ballarat, which - already possesses an excollent rink, and Sand hurst, .which has recently sot to work witli a will tb form one, will join ; indeed, it lias boen nl- rbady arranged that thb' Now South' Wales team will spend two or three days in tlio former city playing matches and participating in social hos pitalities. Such good fellowship and earnest en deavour to make hours moro choerful are worthy of comment and encouragement. i Tho best contested football match to-day was that botweeu tlio Melbourno and SoutiiMel-F bourno clubs, which was playod on tho filel- Uouriio Cricket C|ub ground. Tho woather- \jraS ritlior cold, ahd tho ground was in a very Bloft condition. Thore wore about 60UO specta tors present to witness the match. - Tho game was well contested throughout, which, resulted, in favour of South Glolbauruo. . ( : J Those sports, who lovo to sec horses atrotch- iiig themsolves out iu the confining barness;of a / " sulky " with a laudable ambition to :" break : two twelve" or oven lo emulate two forty-.:/ seven, oven in America is good tiiuo for a mile,' Hill, perhups, liko to hear that the lovers iof k. trotting lioro aro likely Shortly to lay dowti a r tro'tting courso in Elstorriwick Park on a flat1- thoro of clay with gravel subsoil considered moat 4 suitable, which is easily approacliod by road, arid olosoly proximuto to the Elstornwick railway ! / station. Tho ground likely to bo selected be longs to tho Board of Land and Works and the 1 Brighton Borough Council in trust, and tho use , of it can bo readily obtuined, as the cripket. , olub, whioh formerly held a portion of it as a re- ! . servo for recreation purposes, is practioally.de-' ;/ funot. Although this ground doos not. afford ffH ailities for watohing the raatolies equal: to,Q?ijl;Zj > field — it being quite level— it can be prepared at one<half tho cost, which would be required. to lay down a rink inside the course of the v.A.T.O. or, say, not much more than l1000 in all ; and, of1 course, the sports who patronise . trotting naturally prefer to have a bit of ground f their own rather than have to avail them-- selves of the racing olub's property, which might not at all times, owing to the nature of regulations previously adopted, be always ob tainable. . That moBt guy and shooting star like as-; troucmer, Riohurd A. Proctor, intends to speak a piece at Sandhurst on the 14th and 16th,; 'DuOtlornaine on the 16th, Kylieton on the 17th, "'BdlHrdt bb tho 21st and 22nd, Ararat on': tho ;.(Srd,"ahd Stawell on the 24th and '25th;' ' "I Say to all people who consider that, natui'e JJfj'onsfruoting them, did not omit the, bfains-|:-| hear Proctor. You are . uover likely' ti> have W better chance of having soionce made oasy, and. of learning in two hours what book-Ioro cannot; :j screw- into your minds in yeurs.; Specially too let ladies' not bo all'righted by the apalling nnliiro of the mysteries with which Mr Proctor so' glibly; , defla on tlio mathematical millions and billions' ' ; «(hieK ho flings about as easy as a? juggler'dbes iiis globes. The calculations will staha tlio' tost' of the most critical examination, and the free,! easy, delightful flow of Mr Proctor, gossips? ' about the' big candles "whioh revolve ili kpkce for astronomers to photograph is hased upon a solid substratum, which fewt men of Science can.shake. And pairliedlafiy take oloVer children ' tb' these! lectures; for from them tliey wijl unlearn tho; -r falso.teqcjiinga of the celestial geography . school , Looks, and.grasp with surer intuition ,lhpS(i;seor'e(s'. of the . spheres, -whiohi < have: mo.; long"' puzzled! thinkers and amqzed. the eredulquB.;. ,' t It is not a comforting thought that our .Mfedicnl:,Board.usua,lly Jealous iwhere: if,! popularj qvihbklisiconcerned, Bhould carelessfyurogister! pfactitioners,'?. qf??"mediciiie" oil? "iBsMflioiellt' evi dence. tShtY iii .the case.I referred to some days ago, jf turns. oUt that, a man was registered by, JihjJ(nd',ddiy7iQ'bfe3qa lb. kill ?pe6plej?!ib.ii::,h'is declafnliori' '. ' thai: ? lio / held ' ' a diploma and lind lost it;' and j the' cakilal statement, to,, Ihq Board by a friendly medico '"tliat !' lie ' '!;ila'b,',' .s'eeiY'. in the, applicant's .jppasessjojn'i certificate : from the liead of the e illege',' oil wlii.cliivq .was licentiate that a'diploma rihqdih.e?n;, issued! to him- f It'now turns. but.that! this' man never1 ipaBsed anything hut a prqli-j minafylexamination ms : tin apprentice at the ifgej of seventeen; that lie could not' under the college .1 'rules'! hhvo obtained '»! diploma in' .tho year Btated, even if ' hbl had followed 'up -his;: ap prenticeship— which he didn't- that the certifi- cate'Sllbg'ed'to'liave been seen'by the ebnybniont friend never existed, and thatln short ' lie was never /ehtollbdi Srrqualified ?at:|all.( ! ''And iyet throughidhisi .carelessness; .of; practice, .this ap prentice practitioner, has, been permitted to be -tjie-tfeading- modico of a large district for four- teetDyears. Mr!'Lyons, the solicitor, has missed chequos; lato|y ' from ' drawers in his office,- ' and thoBe j chequbsi;have been aflorwards cashed.-'.'- Last evening- ho laid a trap, by a LI 12s cheque on the) London - Chartered Bank, with instructions: that; whoever presented it Bhould be arrested. I The' -cheque did not bear his proper signature, 'andjwaa thus the more easily noted on the pre-! \- concerted arrangement. Sure enough it was! stolen, aud presented at the bank this montiug by a ybUiig man who gives tile name of Henry Hewibtt, and is unknown to Mr Lyons. - Hewlett . stands. remanded by tho City Bench for. further inquiry. Ho pleaded not guilty, but affords no explanation. ; 