English and Foreign News In Brief. ( Compiled from Exchanges.) IN Ireland the potato crop has been larger than usual. THE anniversary of the taking of the Bastille was celebrated at Paris with great success. Thi Hamburg traders do not like the Island of Raiatea being taken under the protection of France. A Canadian rifle team is competing at Wimbledon. People ask, Where are the Auatra bans! Can they not shoot ? Thk Peruvians have not now got the ghost of a obanee, yet the President refuses mediation, and declares he will fight to the end. Thi new Russian Imperial yacht Livadia was safely launched from the yard of John Elder and Co., Glasgow, on the 7th of July last Thk number of wolves in France is even now estimated at 5,000,000. 100 franos per wolf is the price now to be paid for their heads. The funeral of General Aymard, of Paris, was the grandest speotacle of funeral pomp seen in that city since the days of the Empire. Thi Surrey Cricket Club hate granted the use of their ground for the projected match between the Australians and an All England Eleven. A OAB main pipe exploded near Tottenham Court-road. Two persons were killed and several badly injured ; a great gap was made in the road, and the adjoining houses completely destroyed. Phtlloxbra is still making rapid headway in France, 40,000 acres of vines having, during this last year, been destroyed. Misery and ruin are now observed in those once smfliag fertile wine distrusts. Thi blue gum is still in favor at a fever deterrent (says the Argut). Testimony comes from Holland, the south of France, Italy, Call fornia, and many other parts of the world, as to the febrifugal attributes of this tree. Thi Dominion Government of Canada have nearly completed arrangements with an English syndicate for the construction of the whole of the Pacific Railway for £20,000,000. A land subsidy of 60,000,000 acres is to be granted. Thi agitation for seats for shop and saloon girls is being aotively carried on by a ladies' com* mittee in Edinburgh. Out of 146 establish ment* visited, only four were found to be at all rude to the visitors, and many are at onoe adopt ing the suggestion. Thk popular vote in the Canton of Geneva for the separation of Church and State has re sulted in the rejection of the measure. The majority has surprised everybody in Switzerland by its magnitude. Of IS 000 ballots cast, out of a possible 17,000, only 4000 were for the separa tion. The expense of an M enquiry" as to the pro priety of purchasing a farm for sewage purposes, near Hampton Court, England, amounted to £20,000. The shorthand writer's notes fill a volume of over 2000 pages. Sir Gavah Duffy, now in England, in a recent speech, said " Australia is one of the most prosperous countries in the world, and he re joiced to say that nowhere, not even in the United States, was there so large a proportion of Irishmen who were landed proprietors." Ws learn from the Panthion de ?Industrie, a Parisian journal, that M. Became, junior, of Marseilles, has conceived the very happy idea of deriving from the aromatic leaves and powers of the gum tree the elements necessary for chang* ing almost completely the flavor of our table liqueurs, while retaining their names and pro perties. He has thus succeeded in improving their good qualities, and in correcting their re cognised defects. There is scarcely any known liqueur which M. Besafrde does not improve by means of the gum of the eucalyptus, or for which, if it be regarded as possessing noxious qualities, he cannot make a substitute, The latter is the case with the eucalypsinthe, which has nothing in common with Swiss absinthe except in its mode of absorption ; it is essentially refreshing, thirst-quenching, aperient, and febrifuge in its effects. M. Besadde declares himself strongly opposed to the use of absinthe. Among the liqueurs which the extract of euca* lyptus has greatly improved may be mentioned the following : -Bitters, vermuth (without ab. nnthe), curacoa, anisette, cream of mint, and balm wine. In the " eacalypteuse" a most sue* cessful attempt has been made to produce a substitute for chartreuse. This liqueur is more limpid, less sirupy, and more highly perfumed than chartreuse, while it possesses a more agree* able tatto and, superior hygienic properties, page Mb.) Thursday, Sxptembbb 2. formal businbs. Mr. Soorr brought «p a progreM report from the Printing Committee, which wu ordered to be printed. Mr. M'llwbaith, in answer to a question put by Mr. BaUey, said the Attorney- General had not advised the Government to approve of by* laws under the Diriaional Boards Act imping * wheel tax on timber-getters or other*. MOTIOH FOB ADJOUBBMIMT. Mr. Douglas, on a motion for adjourn* meat oalled attention to the fact that certain motion* of hi* on the rnisinos* paper, calling for return*, which were usually .allowed to pas* a* formal, had not been per mitted to m> pass. He referred particularly to returns relating to the ship Soottish Hero, Mr. Palmer said the motion had not been allowed to pass a* formal, because the hon. member had been told, in answer to a question, thai there was no correspondence to produoe, Mr. Douglas maintained that there must be some documents to produoe. Mr. O*Sullivak oalled attention to some papers produced on the motion of Mr. Oarrick, relating to iom« roads alleged to have been dosed by Mr. Macansh on Canning Downs. He stated that a settler named Maonamara had suffered in* justice through the closing of these roads, and asked whether the Minister for Lands intended to take action in the matter. Mr. Pbbkinb said he was ready to take action, hot wished to pro* eeed with caution, and was awaiting the result of other enquiries. After some further remarks .on this subject from Messrs. Katbs, Davenport, Groom, and Qbiwith, the motion fur adjourn ment wu negatived. MAOKAT VOLCHTMBB. On the motion of Mr. Amhubst, the House. went into committee to consider the propriety of providing a sum of money sufficient to de fray the cost of a company of Volunteers at Mackay. A motion in favor of granting a sum not exceeding 42200 for the purpose was moved, and gave rise to a good deal of discussion, Mr. , Douglas and one or two other members object ing to the vote on the ground that if it were passed similar sums would have to be granted to many other small towns; and other* supporting the motion because they considered the Volun-. tear spirit in every way worthy of enoourag*. meat The motion was ultimately carried, on division, by 28 to 10. ■ nriAHITT BILL. : The Insanity Bill was received from the Conn. «tL and, on the motion of Mr. Palmbb, was read * ant time. BOCKHAMFTOB RACBCOUBBB BILL. Mr. Abohkb moved the second reading of this bill, which ha stated was intended to give the trustees of the Roekhsmpton raoseoone power to sell or exchange certain portions of that course, with the view of securing a nieoe of land more suited for racing purposes than that at present being used. Toe motion was put sad passed without discussion. OOLOBIAL Wim BILL. , Mr. Fbamr moved that the House go into committee to consider the desirability of intro ducing a bill to encourage the manufacture of colonial wines, and to regulate the sale of the same, which he stated was intended to provide for the granting of licenses to vignerons to ssU their wines in either hum or small quantities. Mr. Psuum stated thai he should object to giving wine growers any farther privilege* than they at present enjoyed ; and asserted that under the cloak of the manufacture of thesewiaesa great deal of illicit distillation was carried on. It was not at either Brisbane or Toowoomba that good wine could be made, beoaoss at those place* tits grapes did not ripen when the weather was Messrs. o'Buuiyah and Groom took exception to the remarks of too Minister for Lands, and •poke in fcvor of the wines manufactured in the neighborhood of Ipswich and Toowoomba. An opinion was also expressed that the proper time to discuss the proposed bill would be after it had been introduced. The motion to go into committee was carried, on division, by 23 to 8, sod the bill was intro duced and read a first time. TRAVILUNa XXPZRBtt Or MKMBIRB. On the motion of Mr. O'Soixitait, the House went into oommittee for the consideration of an address to the Administrator of the Government in favor of provision being made on the next Supplementary Estimates for providing free passes for members of the Legislative Assembly by steamers from Brisbane to and from the Nor thern Porte once in each year, when travelling on purely political business. Mr. O'Suluva* moved the address, as pre viously brought before the House, and stated that he wished to alter " Legislative Assembly" to " Parliament," so as to make the motion apply to both Houses. . Mr. Mobkhbad objected to the alteration, and opposed the proposition altogether. He contended that the proposal was introducing the thin end of the wedge for payment of members, and maintained that any member would be justified in using the forms of the House to prevent it* being carried out He would like to know who was to decide what was "purely political business." Messrs. Srvbisoir, Hrxx, Beor, Nortoh, and others opposed the motion, and Mr. Pkbkhts supported it a* giving Northern members a pri vilege they were entitled to. Mr. Palmer Mid tbe only ground on which he would support the motion would be that it would give Southern member* an opportunity of seeing the Northern portion of the colony. On no account would he support it if it were regarded as introducing the principle of pay ment of members. The Southern members did not seem anxious to avail themselves of the privilege offered them, and he recommended tbe withdrawal of the resolution. Mr. Groom supported the system of payment of members, and pointed to Canada and other countries where it had proved a suoceea. Mr. Archer referred to the United Ststes as an Instance of the bad effects of payment of members, stating that it led to politics being made a trade of, and to politician* being lowered in public estimation. He should vote against the motion, believing that member* who were paid were more apt to be corrupt than those who were not. Mr. Douglas failed to see any degeneracy in the people of America, and maintained that there had been no diminution in the efficiency of her great department*. He denied that the abuses which had arisen in that country oould be traced to payment of members, and alleged that they were attributable to the abuse of the Bystem of land grants in connection with railways. After a lengthened discussion the committee divided, and the motion as originally moved was carried by 25 to 12. The House adjourned at twenty minutes to 10 o'clock until Tuesday next Thb Legislative Council met on Thursday, when attention was called by Mr. Sandeman to the non-receipt of " Hansard" with that day's Courier. Mr. Busaoott thought the proprietors of that paper were right in the stand they had taken aganst the issue of any libellous matter with their paper. "Hansard" was secure in its privileges as a separate Parliamentary issue, but if issued with another paper the law of libel in this colony would probably affeot the paper pub lishing it Tbe Insanity Bill was iead a third time, and ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Assembly. On the motion of Mr. Ivory, the Rabbit Bill was considered in com-, mittes, but, owing to the obstruction of Mr. Walsh, the first olause was not got through; and! the House adjourned at 6 o'clock until next Wednesday. 