?TERMINATION OF A LON& SUIT. The celebrated case of Campbell against the ?Commercial Bank, which (says the Evening .News of August 19) has occupiod the attention of the New South WaleB Supremo Court and tho ?Privy Ciuncil of England during a period of ?nearly four years, and tho second trial in which has been going on {or the past fortnight, was . terminated yesterday. Not only bns the original . verdict been sustained, but the dnmagei have been slightly increased, as the result of ODDUUUflU Jlbl^abiuu. m luu yum lofu, . Mr. John Campbell, of Oampelrs Wharf, brought an action against tho Commercial i Bank, for Belling, as mortgagees, without legal .notice to the plaintiff, certain wharf property mortgaged to them by the plaintiff. Damages were laid at £10,000. Tho caao was tried in 1 February, 1877, before Mr. Justice Faucett, .and a verdiot for. £3,000 was given in favour ot , the plaintiff. Against tibia verdict the do ?fendants appealed to the full court, whioh' sus stained the appeal and granted a now 'trial. .Against thiudocieionthopluicitiflRppmiled to tho , Privy Council. This appeal was dismissed and v itho case came on for trial bofore his Honour . . '/Sir William.Manninjr and a special jury. The ' ifactB of the oase were tho bbom as on the first , trial, and turned mainly on tho nmonnt eaid to ibe due to the bank by tho plaintiff at the ?time of the foreclosure of the mortgage, and ?whether there had beon a lefjal notice given by ?the bank to the plaintiff. The leading connsol 1 'at the New Bouth Wales Bur wero engaged iin the case. For tho plaintift' Mr. Fos ter, Mr. Pilcher, and Mr. Tariton ap peared, instructed by Mr. J. D. Fitz gerald; for tho bank, Mr. M. H. Ste ven, iQC, Mr. Djrley, U.O., Mr. Ow«n, and Sir George Inncs. instructed by Meeers. Want, Johnson, and Want, the Bank solicitors. ' ?? Counsel on both sides ocoupiod two days in Addroaaing the jury. On Monday Mb Uocour WOB too nnwell to take tho euro, but summed op yesterday vory minutely on all points of ' the evidence Ho gavo them a number of its. . portant questions to answer to asaiBt them in arriving at a verdict. ThG jury retired at half.paat 2 o'clock, and after u deliberation of . i two hours roturned into court', with a verdict for tho pluiutiit, damages £3,500. Tbb telephono is noon likely to be oxtonnivoly used in BriBbano as it means of communication. It is even proponed that tho trustees in town ?shall be placed in immediate contact with the general cemetery by means of this marvellous invention. A night in tho trusteet' office would bo rather trying to anybody with ' nerves.' Such an ono would ho momentarily expecting to ovorhear, per tolephono, conversa . tions botweon '' uulaid ghosts that break thtir chains at curfow time.' Though whether tho instrument is yot sufficiently derelopod to con vey a conversation that may moro properly bo called ' gibbering' is a question. Tho mid night telephonist would have to keep ' whistling aloud to keep his courage up,' not to mention drowning possible conversations among the resldonti in spiritlaud,— « Town Talk,' 