DISTRESS JS IRELAND. . «KSOH OF ABOHBISBOP WJOHAM. - ?%^ Amerting *m toM *ri ifce Wawauo H^, Sydney, on Monday night, for. the purpose of splicitiag tuada to relieve the distress prevailing in Ire land. ~ppeateag to s resolution, .ArehbisSop Vaaglian, who was re -«eiT«d with prolonged cnesnag, tnia ;— jTbor worship, Udies and gentleman,— ?When Mr. Alderman O'Connor came to ine «j»a»Jr laSt week, vxi requested me in the name of the committee to attend tbie meeting, and to speak to one of the resolutions,- I accepted that imitation with sentiments of the prof oundest eym pathy. When I had * few momenta to myself I began to think over the terrible ?calamity which bas befallen, and is be falling oar Irish brethen at home, and to realim, aa veil as I could, the urgency of *he situation. Hie issue of my silent meditation was simply this: t had deter mined from the first to give a handsome subscription, now -1 firmly resolved' to doable. I felt myself called upon to make a sacrifice, to beg of your Worship to accept, as my contribution, £100. Ladies and gentlemen, the resolution en trusted to my advocacy is to the follow ing effect -.—' That a fund fortbe relief of tht sufferers be now formed, to be -called tbe ? Irish Distress Relief Fund,1 and that the proceeds be forwarded to the Bight Worshipful the Lord Mayor of Dublin, as Booh as possible by the hon. ttNHien;' Now, there is a saying in Italy which I believe is full of truth ; the Italian* say, Siatno tutti fatti delia stessa pasta— We are all madejof the same paste —human nature is much the same all the world over. (Cheers.) Such being the case, if crosses my mind that those thoughts which had the effect of urging aw to double my subscription, might not be without tbeir influence with others, and that, possibly. I might speak efiEsctu ally to my resolution. by simply, and with all simplicity, bringing out before you. as briefly as I can what those thoughts fere. The first-image that presented it ?clf heforejny ttiind in thinking of Ire land was that of the great Daniel O Con aell. (Cheers.) Those two thoughts are Inseparable. I saw before me that king ef men and tribune of the- people stand ing in all the mnjeBty of his wanly strength and beauty ; his very physique bearing witness to the vigour of. his brain and the power of his large and tender heart. (Cheers.) I could see him standing before me, strong as a tower that ' stands four square to every wind that blowB.' I asked myself, How did that strong man come to die ? I found thai he died of a broken heart. He was Mtruck down by the great Irish famine of 1846-7. ' His enpiorced breait Sharp sorrows did in thousand pieces rive' at the sight of the people he loved with such fierce tenderness wasting away in thousands through starvation and disease. (Cheers.) I thought it a wonderful thing to contemplate so sturdy a man, one eo fearless, being prostrated, and wholly broken, by the sorrows of his people. Then I asked myself how come it that O'Connell was so profoundly overcome by the great calamity of the famine of 1846-7? And I answered myself: be cause he had an intimate knowledge of the peasantry of Ireland, and therefore lie loved them passionately ; and because he had witnessed with his own eyes the appalling, sufferings of those ho loved. UouiJ I, I thought, oi}ly get some know ledge of that people something like what Ji« hid, could f but fix ray eyes on their distress, then I should be able to weep withhii&.,4nd love them and assist them all I ctiufil. I then thought over in my Mind all I knew of that wonderful people, especially of the peasantry. I remember their singular generosity of character, tlieir courage, their humanity. (Cheers.) r- i remembered what Curran said : ' The jf hospitality uf oilier, countries is a matter uf necessity or convention — in savage na tions of the first, in polished of tKe latter — but the hospitality of an Irishman is net tlte rtirminf? account of posted and jedgered courtesies as in other countries ; it springs, like all his qualities, his faults, his virtues, directly from the heart. The heart of the Irishman is Uy nature hold, and he confides ; it is tender, and he loves ; it is generous, and he gives ; it is social, and he is hospitable.' (Loud cheers.) So much for Irishmen in general, and from long personal experience I can vouch for its truth. But, what about the peasant class in particular? I remem bered a passage from Giles, who had an intimate knowledge of this remarkable class. He sayB : ' The peasant in Ireland exercised a peculiar and sacred order of hospitality, strange to the nobility and the wealthy. 8uch hospitality is men tioned in the Gospel — hospitality which reckons amongst its guests the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind, and which has its reward in heaven. These classes in Ireland had not merely a share in the humble man's feast ; they had also their pittance out of his scarcity. Daily he divided wiih some of them his food, and nightly he' shared with some of them his roof. None more than the humble Irish seemed to keep constantly in mind tbat Christ was supplicant in each person of tbe destitute;- and well did their treat ment of the destitute anticipate that last address ; ' I was an hungered, and ye gave me meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave mi drink ; I was sick, and ye visile I me ; I was in prison, and ye came unto jne.' ' How beautiful, bow surpassingly touching, I thought within myself, is not all this 1 And then I remembered reading in some speech of John Blight's tbat the Irish in America alone, during the apace of sixteen short years, I think it was be tween 1848 and 1864, sent back over the waters to their friends and relatives at home thirteen million pounds sterling ! Their bravery and humanity are equal to their generosity. I am speaking still principally of the peasant class. I chanced, only two days ago, to look into the History of tbe Siege of Limerick ; and I came across one fact of gallantry. Immunity, and daring which I Jo not think could be equalled in the annals of military warfare. A breach had been hurst in the walls of the city. An attack was made. Bnt the garrison repulsed the ? attack with such impetuosity tbat the enemy retreated and were followed to thhir camp. In the me1-e the . English hospital was set on fire. What did these Irish soldiers do, these soldiers who had been drawn from the peasant class of their country ? They forgot the enemy ; fbey rushed in amongst the flames, and did not desist till every wounded E iglish man and Brandenligrger had buen carried away from danger, and had been put in a place of safety until they hai effectually extin(SnisJied the flames which were rag ing in the building. (Lund cheers.) Having done that, they fought their way back into tlieir stronghold. When ( hail thought over all these things, I began to realise how it was that CGouuell loved bis people with such paiwionate attach-: ment. . (Hear, bear.) Their generosity' self-forgetfulness, courage, humanity, their love of poetry, of song ; the dark shadow thrown across tbeir history, tbe beauty of their fatherland, brought to my mind the words of the poet : — ' Wliat flood reflect* a alum so sweet A* glorious Borne or pasi'ral Baan % ? Or»rh» ? fnendor foe eould meet, So gwnoiu a* an Irishman!** Now, surely, it is but natural to feel very keenly when such a race as this is suffer ing acutely for no fault.of their own. One^s very love and admiration of them makes one feel all the more vehemently for them. I will not weary or sadden you, ladies and gentleman, by a long ac count of the sorrows of the Irish people, but the effect would not be complete if I did not ask yon to bear with me whilst I tell you some other thoughts. ,that passed through my mind. I will select three of them. I remembered, then, in ' studying the Poet Spencer, one passage in bis prose works which I bave never forgotton. He bad been presented with 3000 acres of land, part of tbe Desmond property which had been confiscated. This was in the sixteenth century. Spencer, who himself, if Me may believe Ben Jonson, died from ' lack of bread,*' visited his estate and describes the peasants thus : ' Out of every corner of the woods and glynnis they came creeping forth upon their bands, for their legs could not bear them. The looked like anatomies of death — they spake like ghosts crying out of their graves — they ate the dead carrion, happy when they could find them ; yea, and one another soon after; insomuch that the very carcasses they spared not to Bcrape out of tbeir graves.' What could possi bly he more frightful than that picture ? I turned from it. I remembered tbe famine of 1739, 1740, and 1741, of which history says little. In 1741, 400,000 Irish men are said to have perished from want One small village buried 500. For a time they subsided on grass, docks, and nettles. ' I have seen,' says an eye witness, ' the labourer endeavouring to work at his spade, but fainting for want of food, and forced to quit it. I have seen tbe aged father eating grass like a beast, and in ths anguish of bis soul wishing for his dissolution. I have seen the helpless orphan exposed on the dunghill, and none to take him in for fear of infection ; and [ have seen the hungry infant sucking at the breast of the already expired parent. The famine of 1847 afforded me similar pictures of heartrending distress (Hear hear.) 1 recalled the efforts of the people in 1846 to make good tbe losses of the previous year. I remember the fierce energy with which they worked. (Cheers.) I recollect the blasting of their hopes, when in one single night the green crop over hill and in tbe fertile valley was shrivelled and blackened by the universal blight. The population were literally driven into their ? graves. Their former energy had turned to a stolid, silent de spair. It was a common sight to see the cotter and his family sitting on the fence uf their little holding, looking silently and with a vacant stare upon the black crop of blighted promise, which they had worked hard to plant, but which was rotten in tha earth. You might address them, and they would not speak to you. You might try to cheer them, but it was too late. They Celt their hour had come, and that they had to follow others to the grave. One might crawl away, at night, and rest in some doorway out of the moonlight ; on opening the door in the morning, the servant, or master of the house, found a corpse. Tlie upirit had departed to its everlasting rest. Others would lie down to dream of feasting aiiii fullness, and wake up to starve and to die. it seemed as if the peasant world of Ireland, that noble race, was absolutely coming to an end.' These were some of the thoughts which passed through my mind, some of the pictures that presented themselves. But what have they to do *-ith the present distress ; I found they had much to do with it. For I remem bered, first, that all famines are inuoh the same in their aspects of distress, and that, when I thought bow much the Irish people had suffered in the past, I felt all tlie mote moved to assist them in tlieir present necessity. (Cheers.) Secoudly, I could in s inie way measure tlie present exigency by the exigeoe.es of former times ; and I came to the conclusion that the present position of the Irish people at borne calls more loudly than ever for our prompt assistance. (Olieera.) Thank God, we do not know what famine is here : but we do know what flood is. Add your own flood* to an Irish famine — add starvation from hu-ger, to starvation from cold, wet, and exposure, and you have a picture of the present distress. Add what you know yourselves to what I have dr-acribed, and von will then be able, in part at !ea«r, to grasp the necessities, tlie cryi'ig want* of the present ease. (Cheers.) I c«n eee now, in imagination, a peasent family in Ireland. The old man and hie wile, and his son and his wife, and the little children. Tue early promise of a crop has ended in blight and rottenness; the iillle Beld of curn is under water ; the rot in which t-tey live is eoaked with tbe winter's rain ; and shrieks with tbe winter wind. There is no smoke from tbe big chimney — for there is ns fire — tlie turf is ?oaked, and is melting into a black slime. They are all shivering in damp rags, huddled together — you can scarcely eay they bave any clothes. Look at the old man. He wears the Victoria Cross. He battled in the trenches in tiie Crimea, end bis brothers, and those be fore him — they were always to the front where the British flag waa — (loud cheers) — always ready for the forlorn hope, to spill tbeir lives for tbe glory of Hie Empire. (Cheers:) Look at the younger woman She cannot last long. All ber children are uot wilh her. One fel in South Air ca, and die wept aa bitter tears aa any Bmpreaa wep1 over tbe corpse of her only (-m. (Cheers}. Another is in Austalia free-cdeoting, act ire,, energetic, and well to do ; the rest round her knee begging for food, which she cannot give to them. I seem to see three hands stretched eut towards Australia, a child* «, ? woman's, and ? man's. The child's is not plump like other children's, but more like ? bird'* daw ; the woman's is so thin ; her marriage ring is quite loose upon her finger, the man's bands are«treui'ied out and cUsped And I heard tbe younger woman cry out ' O you, who live amid t Bocks and hrrds, amidst cornfields and vineyards, in a land in whos bosom the gold dw lls— ye English for who n our family have fought in many a blood r field, send as soms euaconr quickly. (Cheer* ) x*e Scotch, who belong to tlie unw wide Empire— (cheers) — do not forget as ; and you Irish. O you my countrymeu ! Miaeremini mei miseremioi tnei, *aUein tos auiici mei. qtlia manus Domini teiigit me — hare mem on me, have mercy on me, at lent you m} friends, for the hand of the Lord hslli touched me.' (Cheer,..) Tour \V-mliip. Ladies, and Gentlemen, let i&t; a great peasantry perish ; no one ran replace them ; or in the sweet words of one of Ireland'* sweetest poet* : — ' Hard tmt the land to h»«tening ills a prej. Where wealth ace uruta'c* atd mm -teea; ; Princei and lard* may flourish «r m%y fade, A breath can make them, as a b-eath taummde. Bat a bold peasantry, their country'* pride, when once destroyed can sever be supplied.** (Cheers.) I beg to propose the r-*oluti hi en trusted to me, aid, I nay add, that I intend to have col ltd ions made in all tbe churches of the Archioceae in aiu of tbi* same distress. (Great cheering.) 