THE LATE BATHURST CUP HESTJHC. ' ' By CVjilodkh. ' The promoters of tho, Ne\y South WiilesOoui^-..' , ?ing .Club have, every reason .to feel highly, grati- . fied with tho. success o£ their recent annual Gup u; reunion at i5atiiurst.L Fnvorod.wilh c.',Qucbh's'-i'. weathorfor .-five Buccessivo- days, -ami : provided ;i.; - with a supply of game unoauallod in any part 'of ?': the colonies,' the meeting from first to last) ra \J._ characteristic ;'of ? that ' go' seldom'' nbtip'cable'')'' \ : olsewh'faro. and the imnosiu? comnanv ' which' ' aiiSOuiWed to wa.tcli Vopcrations day after day J.] wore -clamorous in their praises of ,ovcrytliih»,:.i connected, with thb: gathering. Thbso ,o£ oui ..; Victorian coursing patroiis who havo . rioycraS' .'i:-; Bistcd at the liathurst carnival can only ' foria.; * ,..'i.. ? vaguo conception of tho;chai-acter and maguitudj; '-'. . of the groat'/^«:w«'ok of'tho New South Walef' ' coursers.' Not only do- the ohtiro -greyhound talent 'cpneontrato their forces upon tho Wilt- \ shirelik'o downs o£ Xooholme, but the elite of the wholb sporting community join in the festivities of tho season, and help to mako the occasion ono of jUnbridled gaiety as well as pleasurable sport. In this respect I must candidly admi( that we havo no meeting liero that can vie witk ?, tho popular gala day of our neighbors. Perhaps tho most striking feature in comparison with our own periotlic.il trysts is tho large num ber of the fairer sex always to be found amongst the numerous visitors to Loouolnie. Unlike thoii fair sisters of Victoria, the ladies of Now South, Wales have cultivated a praiseworthy jicnchdtit for tho sport of the leash, and tho interest taken by them in tlio individual doings of some of th« Derby, Oaks or Cup competitors would appear wonderfully strange to your Sunbury and Worri. ' hcafiabitucs. Assisted materially by tho prcsenci of ladies, the attendance was admirably main tained oncacli day of ihe meeting, whilo there wera always considerably over 100 horsoinen aud liorse women available for boating purposes. On tho: occasion of my first visit to Buthurst last year, I ' ?; dwelt bo minutely upon the natural advantages ol . the country coursed over and other details con.% nccted with the management of anairs that a re« ? petition of the same-would only bo a Iwicc-tohf ' tile to Victorian cars. Suifico to aay that th« Leeholuio aud Dockuiruo paddocks arc not to ba .. . surpassed for'testfng the capabilities o£tuo.gTey«. hound, Iho area boiiig oxpansive undulations do« . void of stono or stick, and stocked with haTcf ..;'. ?' capablo of tolding their own under ordinary cir» -' cumstaucea .with the .most, veritable. Sunharx . deinVn or, Wiirribco r flyer that, was over ousted, from its form; An exceptionally prolific season saw' more . grliss on the , ground,, than '.?upon :any, previous, anniversary, and this of. course Hvas against puss, who, however, maintained- her ; reputation admirably, particularly, on tie opening and concluding days, when the courses .'proved of great length.. The number and variqty'of coin lietitiotis' contained, in' the programme lent ho ' ordinary' interest to the daily doings of tho \- ' ?'. various competitors. . Tho presence of the .Water loo hero of last year in tho Cup was in itself an attractive feature. Although, made a warm fayo rito.at 4. to 1, Lclcx.proved a-ad .disappointment to\ ibanj', as ho '.'was' soundly beaten by the des pised .Bracelet, it ths very first timo of asking ; ariuVhis sister, Letho, on tho other hand, dis-: played, wonderful dash, and finally effected a particularly meritorious win for hcrowner, Mr.' GK Lee' Loril, who' it may bo' .mentioned was' absent 'from the meeting inconsequence of the death of his father, a gentleman : who formerly *topk- an interest' in the Balhurst fixtures, and yii'ose'dc'niise cast something of a gloo'm.ovcr the 'preliminary proceedings in consequence of family ISios. Lethe, as I have hinted, ran with more 'Dvilliancy'.aiuV -lctarmiDation'Uian:'slio-ras'pre-' 7Jously credited withi; Mpeting Daisy in the Spoiling round, she made quite air example of the -''Sedan bitch, : whilo' her second' ' and third ?',|ssaxs''''ag^inst'-'.1HawtUonulea.'\\.and'.'..Braccldt1i 'though of brief 'duration,] 'we'ro' undeniably; ?lecisive. ' Her '. concluding 'performance ';» .was' porhaps^'the 'most hollow and onesided of ;iny,.as- she ; had the foot of Husliiuoney, i Hid after running up ,a1irtlliahi.: opening account only admitted of occasional interference through-: „. aut a heartbreaking ..grueller. Husbinoncy, it 'H only fair to speculate, must have been a trifle offfrom the effects of her previous efforts, which: were of a much superior character to ' her finish-, ing display. Lethe left off an unbeaten grey ; hound, having; now run , 14 courses without en-! ,;:oiihteringa' single defeat, and will 1 probably bo' he] J in reserve Xov tho Waterloo Cup.' Bracelet ivas unfortunate in meeting with a bad hare when: dipped with Lethe, as after showing uncommon ' pace against Lelox and Honeybee, she killed at' tho very1 first opportunity, and thus extinguished ?icr,cbance of winningthc Cup and also avenging ? '???' last'' s'eason'sVOaks defeat at tho hands ot the daughter of Barmby. Thcrmidor, a fourlccn nonthsrold puppy, by Bashful Joo out of Baby Burleighj commenced each of his two courseswilh : Lucifer and Hushmoncy in dashing style, and if put by for. next season ho will develope into a 'jrcyhouhd of the highest promise. The kennel tompanions 'Honeybee and Honeydow, ran very arcditably, as also did the two associates, Help ? . uate andScaspray, .both of which destroyed their 'Jupprospects by killing prematurely. The Derby imtOaks introduced us to a fair batch of pup-. ?ies.' The. iWeir-cum-Qarduior-cum-Hill alli ance -likol, Mr. Of. ?? L. Lord last year proved successful in each stako with a, brace of Barmbys . in, Hopmarkct and Hornpipe, the former out of: that good 'down' . country bitch Brimlisi, and the . ' - latter from :Kowena. :Both aro undoubtedly a ' ' i, ' brace of clipporB Wiat will lake a deal of beating; over any) country and with any description of \- hares, ffppmarket is a: particularly gentlemanly! youngster of 01 lb. weight, fawn in color, and sverywhoro faking to the eye. Ho is wonder-, ? fully quick from slips, goes ii tremendous paco to 'liis Hiarc, and is one of tho most brilliant and rapid beginners' Lhavc oyor'Ecpn; though there is just a doubt iSWTus.staying abilities; of which \ve may hereafter become better , acquainted at Sunbury brtlio WorribcV jis his ownerJs fuluro ambitions arb in lliobo.' clirectiona:. .Telemaauo, by, .,Claverheusc, .ran a. consistent /groyhounu thrdughoutj.displayodmarked powers of chdur- ? tthce,'albeit ho is three or four lengths short' of \- pace.'.! Lclantus, from the same dam as Lelex; and; Lethe, is about one of .tho most ; imposing groy houBos seerii at'thb meeting, being fast and clever ' 'ja'wcll 'ns showing every inclination tostay. The Oaks- winner,1 Hornpipe, fawn, is,avvcry smart . greyhound'of 521b., fast and clover. Shoran . through the stake quite unchallenged. Lua Lua, ~ the rumicr-iip, went so well prior to being placed, in slips for Hie deciding course that many thought sho would-., prove ,;. too good for Horn-' pipo;- Unit; the .-.?latter soon dispelled .such an'' 'erroneous'.' idea by -going ' up ' in front'of tho Good Authority bitch, using puss artistically. ii'. fow; times,, then. winding up'with a' neat kill without over, throwing away the. ghost of , a chance. This was, indeed, a, creditable performance, and quite ion a par ;with her second Hlipalongsido'Te)escope. To ray fancy Wyndhom is the pick of the others, and next to her Lorna Soon, who was suffering from lameness after her first course. Harkaway, second season, by ',?';. Happy Joe out of Glacier, won golden opinions hy Ibocasy style in which bo cut down everything opposed to him in 'tho Dockairno Stakes. It cortainly sccni3 strange that so good a greyhound shonld havo been discarded for tho Cup in favor of his kennel companions Helpmate and Scaspray, both of which wcro considered to be inferior to tho fawn, who unexpectedly proved himself to bo one of tho very best, if not. tho best, dogs that took part at the meeting, and an animal that would have been particularly troublesome in the Cup, Harkaway has a neat, workmanlike style of going, is particularly clever when in com mand, anil scarcely permitted any of his five opponents to score in trials of fair length. Hiaconcluiing performance against Honey Flower was quite, a masterpiece. The latter is a toler ably good all round greyhound, but waB com pletely outclassed when opposed to tho winner. Hoppickcr, by Sedan from Amy Kobsart (a Warfare bitch), is as clover an a cat, and was a triflo unlucky in getting unsighted whilst run ning against Harkaway. Strange to say, sho became unsighted in three rans-up out of four, which circumstances inclines mo to the belief that sho was herself at fault each time, anil perhaps sufforing from shortsightedness or otherwise iefectivo eyesight. Lalago would havo made a better fight of it than Honey dower but for being heavily handi sapped in tho previous trial with Dark Idea. There was nothing very striking amongst the remaining unsuccessful competitors for tho Dockairno Stakes. The Beaten All- aged Stakes rc-mtroiiuccd us to the vanquished Lelex, who improved considerably on his Cup display, and ran rings round Seaspray during tho commence ment of a scrambling trial with a jerky baro. which was severely punished by thu crack, .beforo Dually escaping at a drain. Lelex ivas spared any chance of a second disgrace, as those in charge wisely withdrew him, in £ivor of Helpmate. . I afterwards gathered that the dog baa been out of sorts or some ? time past. Should he eventually srovo tho best of Mr. Lord's string— which I very ranch doubt — ho will bo given mother opportunity of competing for Waterloo honors. Last season Barmby claimed the win ners ot the Oerby and Oaks an well as the divider of U,e Cup, and now ho has again made a clean sweep of tho decks, winning, tho whole three events straight out. Victorian breeders made a great mistake when, they parted with tho sob of Cauld Kail and Bab at tho Bowster, for although the number of bitches that havo since visrtedhunarelimited.bissuccesshasbeenquiteun paralleled, and proportionately greaterthan that of any siro in Victoria. It will bo seen that the ex traordinary good fortune which clung so pcr biatently toilr. Lord's representatives last season lias not yet dcsoitad tho Kirketon kennel, for besidenTrinning tha Cup, of 200 sovs., with Lethe, *0 too. second lor tho Oaks, anJ fourth for tho [ Dockairno Stakes, besides pulling off the Beaten Puppy ? Stakes with. Loalaps. Tho. Weir-cum-. QanUner-eiim-HUl confederacy,; as previously i mentioned, were-' to the fore in tho Derby andi Oaks, besides running well up for tho romaining; events ; and Mr. ? W; K. Hall, a dcserv-i ing and popular sportsman, also scored a- braces of wins in the Dockairna and Beaten AU-Agcd Stakes. Thus it will bo observed .tlmt.threo kennol3 carried off two events each,, whiclr calls to inind the fact that no fewer than six deciding courses wero run off in one day, an occurrence without precedent^ in the annals of Australian, coursing. . Icanuot closo'this hurried retrospect ? without testifying to the excellence of the man agement and tho satisfactory manner in ivhitb. affairs -were conducted throughout. Mr. Reo. Lee, ' the squire of ; Lcehohno, and Mr. William Kile, ditto of Dockairnc, threw opon their estates in the, most liberal . manner, and , entertained visitors from far and wide to sump tuous luncheons on each anil 6'very day of the meeting; The former geutloinan conducted the beats with his customary good iudgmeut, and; succeeded in showing a supply of gamb that ap peared to bo quite : inexhaustible Mr., Walter! Limb and 3Ir. G. F. Want rendered. Jlr. Leo every assistance as stewards; while Mr. J. Cassidyj- tho'1 well-known sporting; 'identity' of ;Bathnrst, controlled the crowd with his usual ability,, and maintained; praiseworthy order. The courses followed each : other in such, rapid succession that the post of slip steward was anything but a sinecure, still our old friond aild genial companion; Air. Charles Skarratt— a name f arailar to tho sporting :com- , munity of, both colonies— was _. equal to tho occasion, and avoided the least delay in placing the dogs in slips! Mr. Gcorgo Denny, the hvorthy host of the Koyal, was equally at homo with tho flags, which wero wielded with preci-. sion and correctness.- Of the judging , per- haps nothing can ; read., bettor v from -. my, pen than by intimating, that :tho committee, expressed their appreciation of .Mr. M'Cullocli's maiden efforts in the 'pigskin by an 'unanimous caU'forhim to preside- in a. similar capacity- at tho next . meeting, of the club: to he held lit Woodstock. Banner made, an equally favorablo impression as slipper, and got through his fivo; daj's' slipping splendidly. In every respect the:; mooting was o decided success, and the imposing ] crowd present each, day enjoyed tho outing all tho, moro, from tho fact that they were called upon to do -very little, shifting, besides being! afforded a full view of nearly every course that ?was run ' So ended the Bathurst, or rather, the New South Wales, coursing carnival of 1880, , 