ODDS AND ENDS. ! Why is i the happiest of vowels 1 Be cause it is in the midst of bliss ; e.isin-hell and all the others in purgatory. - , j Young women often keep their lovers by tears. " Yes," says Grumwig,. loves like beef, it's preserved \ - What a beautiful thing ns aroffcneek ! How great the contriist -wheh flie blush "settles oil the nose ! 1 ; The older a sparkling coquette or a . fashionable belle grows the more matchless she becomes. i Husband— " Mary, my love, this apple dumpling is not half done." Wife — " Well finish it then, my dear." Widow's weeds are easily removed by i an active young husbandman. 'I I j The trouble about taking a medicine i warranted to cure all diseases is that it ! may not know exactly what is wanted of I it, and in that case it will go fooling | around in the system trying to cure ysu of some disease that yon have not got. Man. legislates — Woman ornates. Some girls never find it hard to elope. They- make, rope-ladders of their shoe strings. . The" fellow who picked up theTiot penny originated the remark, " All that glitters is not cold." T , is. the only letter of the alphabet crossed; ' Great seas are often crossed, too. The youth who permits his sweetheart to rule him is a miss-guided young man. There are some men so talkative that nothing but the toothache can make one of them hold his jaw. A woman isn't fit to have a baby who., doesn't know how to hold it ; and this as true of a tongue as a baby: " Do you see that spring over there ?" said a settler in Arkansas to a stranger. " Well, that's an iron spring, that is ; and it's so mighty powerful that the farmers' horses about here that, drink the water of it never have to be' shod. The shoes grow on their feet nat'rally." " I'm no physician, but I've heard that iron in. the blood is good," said Macbeth, as he jabbed liis dagger into King Dun can. In concluding an article on the last corn crop an Alabama editor remarked : — "We have on exhibition in our .- sanctum a magnificent pair of ears." Lever used to tell with infinite drollery ; the following story of: Mr M'Glashan, his Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a csrtain dinner, fearing to be made " fun" of by the wild Irish authors aiid scribblers, he left the table, having taken his fair share of wine, to join the ladies in the drawing-room. After a while the company heard unearthly nouses in the pantry, just behind the dining-room. They listened and they wondered. What could it be ? Were there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered, in its ancient traditions ? But, summoning courage, they went en masse, and found that worthv M'Glashan had, under the im- pression that he was going up-stairs to the ladies, ascended shelf after shelf of the pantry, and was at that momentlying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side-walls, and expressing the utmost surprise that he could not "get up-stairs." When the census-taker, wishing to com pliment, said to a citizen, "Ah, sir, you've a wife of a hundred !" the lady grabbed a rollingpin and sailed in on him saying, " You villain, I told yon I was only 25. Don't you dare put me down as 100 !" "All ha," said Jawkins, cheerfully, as he found a paper of fine cut in the pocket , of his old fall overcoat. "Ah ha ! Con gratulate me on my sudden accession of for chewin'." " Silence enumerates 588 specks of or ganic forms in the air we breathe." Just think of it ! Every time you draw in a breath a whole zoological garden slips down your windpipe, and no free tickets to the press. Baltimoreans are having a great time over their sesqui-centennial ; and Boston vainly mourns her lost opportunity of calling her own two hundred and fifty- year show by a nice long Latin name like that. A Pennsylvania politician who has sud denly become very wealthy recently < attended a dinner party at which there < was the usual fillet of beef with mush- < rooms. While engaged upon the beef he whispered to his neighbor, " Do you eat : the clothes-pin heads, too 1" _ Lawyer C— (entering the office of his friend, Dr M , and speaking in a hoarse whisper) : " Fred, I've got such a cold this morning that I can't speak the truth." Dr M : " Well, I'm glad that that 13 nothing that will interfere with your business." An ill-mannered set of philosophers are trying to laugh at a poor Congressman because in a heated debate he said the other day he regretted that he had not " the power of Moses to command the sun and the moon to stand still." A gentleman called professionally on a prominent physician and complained of a total loss of appetite. " I'll just give yon a little tonic to take before dinner," said the doctor. " Oh I'm all right just before dinner. It's after dinner that I suffer so much." A Young Darwinian. — Jack (to his married sister) : " Hi ! Polly ! ! Look ! ! ! Here's your baby trying to walk on its hind legs !!!!' Somebody has discovered that cat's can't live at a greater elevation than 13,000 feet ; therefore back Bheds should be built 13.500 feet high. Professor — "Can any one tell us the origin of the expression ' Go to"?" Embryo Minister — "Perhaps there was something more to it once, and they left off because it didn't Bound well." A controversy is going on in the German papers as to the origin of the word " sala mander" amongst the academical youth. A salamander is a substitute for the touching and clinking of glasses at a drinking bout. In the year 1831 the Heidelberg students determined to abolish the old German custom at their own ex traordinary solemnities, and to substitute in its place a new drinking ritual of their own. At the word of command every man stands up, and instead of striking his glass against the rim of the glass of each of his fellows, he shouts with all his might the apparently meaningless word, " Sala mander ?" One philological critic has dis covered that there was never any mystery in the word, but that it was simply a cor ruption of the command " Drink all together." (Sauft alle mit einander !) Another asserts that the word was derived from a Hebrew-Greek combination, Schalomandri (Hail to the man !) ; while a third contends that it originated with a 1 student who wished to introduce the Masoni salamander into academical solemnities. It appears, however, that a fourth theory traced back its origin to our awn language. The American officers under Washington, we are informed, used to set fire to the rum in their glasses, and drink it down whilst it was burning. " Ah," said a deaf man who had a scold ing wife,, "man wants but little hear below j", , If the Turkish Government doesn't look out,' their country may be a place of ex Porte. . . " Nine o'clock !" says Mme. de. M. to her maid. ' ' I must begin to undress for the ball."" - . The feneral Council.— Under this heading Mr J. J. Lindeman addresses the following letter to the " Sydney Morning Herald The wine-growing industry of New South -Wales has been again sacrificed by the wines of South Australia being re-admitted over her border duty free. During the few months that the conven tion with South Australia ceased to exist, many of our wine-growers, trusting j that interesljwould be no further disadvan tageous interfered with, arranged jwith,. agents in. the.chief towns._of. Riverina to accept consignments of their jvines ; and in the absence of competition -with South" Australia a fair trade among our own people in our own legitimate market was fast springing .up ; but this by our paternal Government .has been crushed out) _and their energy and enterprise will result in loss.-: v But, -perish New South Wales .; South Australia is made happy. I do. not . think- tha.tyicfbria is at all likely to jagree to free Ttrade in native wines, which is talked ; of as being the first step to federa tion ; her wine-growers are flourishing, _ and she is a very unlikely colony to admit the growth of SouthAustralia and; "New South Wales to swamp the industries of her own people ; it is only the grand colony of New South Wales which can afford to dp this. Victoria has doiie all slie cared to do in that direction when she succeeded in extracting the sum of £20,000 ' out of the 'treasury of New South ' Wales to grub up.ber worn-out and unproductive vineyards. Being in the country I cannot "quite learn whether we are to compensate the wine-growers for. the privilege of rooting up their valueless vines ; if so, or if not so, I fancy it is not likely to check the spread of phylloxera — if phylloxera it is that is among their vines. . Many of the wine-growers of the Albury district are grubbing up their vines when they can afford this expensive operation ; ; many who cannot are turning them into cattle paddocks, "because" the competition with South Australian wines in the markets which the vineyards were planted to supply has rendered tliem unprofitable. This may be made profitable in the future by .introducing a few rootlets from the Geelong vineyards ; thus, .by introducing : the phylloxera, throwing the expense of throwing up their unproductive vineyards ready for other cultivation upon our very generous Government. . Yyiiether our generous Government will find Victoria equally generous when called upon to reciprocate (which I predict will, not be in the far future), I, for one, have grave doubts. It appears te me a very dangerous temptation to offer to the struggling and much aggrieved wine- growers of the Albury district an opportunity of getting rid profitably of those vineyards at the expense of the Government which has treated them always unjustly,' and .so recently sacrificed their interest to the interest of SouthAustralia. There, may be many vineyards in all the colonies unproductive from being planted in cold' clays, as was proved to be the case in Geelong, which the owners may be glad to utilise the phylloxera to profitably get rid of. "We are all honourable men but I would advise our Government to pause ere they commit themselves to so dangerous an experiment, if they have not already done so. If the above are all the results to emanate from the great Federal Council, the taxpayers and wine-growers of New South Wales will have little to congratulate themselves upon. Neglect of Public Worship. — A ivriter in the " Spectator" observes : — rhe city of London, so busy and crowded luring the week, is quiet and unoccupied an Sundays. In some streets on the day of rest the only noise heard by -the pedestrian is the sound of his own foot fall. The . eager crowd of Saturday has passed by thousands of routes to the suburbs, leaving the familiar places of business as quiet as the grave, and the long rows of warehouses altogether un tenanted. The churches open their doors and toll their bells, but to little purpose. Save for the presence in some of them of the inmates of charity- schools or the foundationers of a neighbouring hospital, they attract as sparse audiences as the Moderate kirk does in thinly-populated Highland parishes. In St. Clement's Church, near Eastcheap, on a recent Sunday morning, the congregation num bered only three, and these three con sisted of the two churchwardens and a little girl. A costly and elaborate service was, nevertheless, carried on by a Ritual istic minister, who has faith in the east ward position, and by a paid surplicad cboir of twenty. The correspondent adds : — " From the general appearance of this and other churches in the neighbor hood it is evident that the time has arrived for their doors to be permanently closed. The services have become a mere farce, and are simply conducted for the purpose of securing the clergy their rich livings." Audit Report. — ne report ot the commissioners of audit was laid before Parliament on Wednesday. Mention is made of the circumstance that on 30th June, 18S0, the cash acoount was deficient by £567,937 Is 8d., which was met as follows By uninvested trust funds, £308,416 03 8d. ; by overdraft at banks, £259,321 Is. There was also £200,000 due from the revenue account to the rail way funds, bringing the deficiency up to £767,937. Adherents to Berrtism. — It is ob served as a curious circumstance that Mr Berry's majority on Tuesday evening was made up of five Roman Catholic members. The Personal Appearance of Robert Burns. — So far as we can form any correct judgment, Burns was one of the noblest loolang men of his age. Walter Scott at the age of fifteen, saw the poet, and it made an enduring impression. He describes him as follows : — " His body was strong and robuBt, and his appearance was rustic bnt not clownish. His manner though plain was marked by dignified simplicity. His countenance was more massive than it appeared in his portrait. His eyes were large and glowed (I say literally glowed), when he spoke on any subject with feeling or deep interest. I never saw such another eye . in any other man, though have seen ' the most dis tinguished characters of the age." The abovemontioi ed interview is interesting as the picture ->f one great poet given by another. It occurred at a social dinner, when Scott was merely a spectator, but be attracted attention by replying to a question which no other person in the room could answer, and his reward was a smile and an approving word from the poet. How little did the inspired ploughman imagine that the lame boy, who , thejjs#.: attracted his attention, would reach such? a distinction —still less that they two would divide the highest honors in the literature of their native land. — " Rochester Demo crat." ; Knife-cleaning Extraordinary. — Some of the choice spirits of Sandhurst had some choice fun on Thursday evening (says the 1 ' Independent"). It is generally known amongst old Bendigonians that though Sydney can point to' her Tricketts, Laycocks, Spofforths, &c.; ; Melbourne to her crack .rifle shots, Geelong to her foot ballers and ploughmen, and Ballarat to <-Ker politicians and fresh-water sailors, Sandhurst is still the proud possesser of one who claims to be the champion knife- cleaner of tlie colonies. And is knife- cleaning not more useful and requiring quite as mnch skill as, for instance, the stopping, with,a long butter-scoop kind of affair, of some rolled-up leather, aimed at three sticks stuck in the ground? Of course it is, and the Bendigo champion, therefore, is not backward in announcing, with pride, his superiority in the brighten ing up of dinner-knives. In the bar of his hotel — he keeps an hotel — he made an announcement to that effect. The before- mentioned choice spirits were there, and, to use their mode of diction, " they were on." A knife-cleaning match was ar ranged, the old gentleman to polish up 72 dinner-knives within five minutes, or forfeit a considerable stake. But the stakes were only a trifle compared with the bettiug ; indeed, we are informed that fully £100 changed hands on the event. The preliminaries of a board, lOakey's polish, and six dozen knives having been arranged, together with the appointment of a prominent citizen to the important post; of time keeper, the champion pro ceeded to work, surrounded by a crowd of about 30 admirers. The betting at the start was 3 fo 1 about time, but before the knives were half through, the cham pion was in demand, and, towards the close, was slightly the favorite. ..Regard ing the contest, it would have done the hearts of lazy people gcod to see how the .Bendigo champion manipulated the knives, both hands at work, above under, reversed again, a lightning movement or two, and a pair perfectly polished, were thrown aside, and in 3secs. or 4secs. a second pair followed, and so on to the end. When the champion called ' ' out" at the 36th pair, the time-keeper called 4min. 47secs. Thus time wa3 beaten, hands down, with fully thirteen seconds to spare. The champion is looking around for another antagonist. A Horrible Death. — A man commonly known as Billy Cooper, of the town of Ven Etten, was walking on the rail- track, at a point not far distant from his home. In crossing the rail-road bridge he made a mis-step, and, slipping, fell between the ties in such a manner that he was fastened too firmly to extricate himself. Only his head remained above the ties, but his position was cramped that he was unable to get that out of the way of danger. There, suspended in that awful maimer, with his body dangling below the brilge, he heard a train thundering along if. the distance,- approaching' every ' ui orient- nearer and nearer. No one will evtr k;. ow the struggles for life which the ; <or fellow made, but they were, futile. >nd with arms pinioned to his side k«- was unable to sigaal to the engineer. The train came sweeping on npon its lie-; ess victim until within a few feet of the r oot, when the . engineer saw the mati r. ad and endeavoured to stop his heavy v in. But too late ; the moving mass | ; .ied over, cutting the head from the slim.' .ers as clean as it could have been done b che guillotine itself. The Cashel Experimental Far : -A return was presented to the Leg .' : ;ive Assembly by the Minister of La: < . oa Tuesday, re the experimental f...: at, Caahel. The cost to the Goverim: .of the said farm up to the 30th June . v? - was £14,269 13s lid. It comprises -' 34.6 acres of land, valued at £11. 404 10s. " 'ha amount expended on improvement : was set down at — Fencing, £3480 1: 2d ; dams, £282 19s 6d ; grubbing an- : r-.ar- ing, £1493 4s 6d ; buildings ant ; ; .-ni- ture, £2588 16s 7d. The stock com-, - ses 20 horses, 313 head of cattle, 1247 - -ep, and 3 pigs, the cost being £2631 .: 2d. The cost of supervision is put 6 - v-vr. at £500. The amount realised from £68 la, and from farm prod ;ce, £200 Is 4d ; and £30 from atuden / fees. In a memo, attached to the reti -r. tho Secretary for Agriculture sets out ths assets at the farm on the 30th -Jui. , 1 580, were estimated at £22,500 2s 10d. !.n< tho expenditure, including the land an : pes acre, £19,102 13s lid, showing a ;-nce in favour of the property of £3397 lid, or a little over 11 per cent. Mr v - .3 is of opinion that if the farm was p c-:riy stocked, and more accommodate > made for students, it could be made to .: 7 15 per cent, on the capital invested. IIolloway's Pills — The charv ; em- perature and weather frequent.:,; per sons who are most cautious of-tl, r-._-.lth, and most particular in their dit is ' cor rective, purifying, and gentle :»i n- ''ills are the best remedy for all detVo i < i "'i-on of the digestive organs : tliev ..vtfys appetite, strength n the stomai-h " -rect biliousness, and carry ofi all that 1- - , -ienS frem the system. Bolloway's Pili- - -oca- posed of rare balsams, unmixed w. ' taer matter, and on that account are; irljr-. well adapted for the young, delic , ani aged. As this peerless medicine lm ned fame in the past, so will it preserv.; the future by its renovating and im ting qualities, and its incapacity of d« i -rmi 