A Woman's Wiles ! A TALE OF THE EMERALD ISLE, Abounding with Mysterious, Thrilling, and Romantic Incidents. CHAPTER XXV. OUT AT SKA. FOR some time after our voyagers sailed out of the core, their thankfulness at having effected their escape overcame all other sensa tions. Macmanns might stamp and swear at being outwitted, juBt as Regan was now doing ; but they could defy him, for he would not dare to make such another attempt to win a bride against her will. Eatty laughed, and wared ber hand derisively to the discomfited men, wishing ' more sense to them ' the nest time they saw a ghost ; Norah with tears in her bright orbs, spoke of Con, and the joy with which she should b»hoId ; while Sir Piers felt elated at haring turned the tables on a man whom he detested. Then ereryone discovered that the sea breeze was sharpening appetites keen enough already with long fasting ; and Ratty exulted over the forethought with which she had lain hands on a crock of freshly-boiled pota toes, as well as the fish. The boy, who had thrown himself sulkily into the bottom of the boat, condescended to be mollified when food was offered to him, and made as hearty a meal as the rest. But be was either too cunning to bc communicative, or else afraid of the consequences, for not a word could Ketty, in spite of her perseverance, elicit from him beyond a ' Yes ' or ' No.' Thc wind rose a little, and the sun, that had shone so brightly, hid itself behind a bank of clouds ; but neither of thc party felt uneasy at this. They were too light-hearted to dread fresh perils ; oad Norah, with a rosy colour tinging the cheek that had been RO pale, began to wonder where they should find Con, and what he would 6ay when she flew into his arms. But this happy, hopeful mood did not last long. The Bullen young savage, who gave no help willingly, opend his lips al last tn impart thc unpleasant tidings that if the wind did not chango soon they should be driven too far out of their course to make the headland that Dight. ' Never mind ; we will brave that. There arc worse disasters than spending a night at sea,' Sir Piers retorted, lightly. ' However, we'll do our best to avoid it, if we can.' ' lt wouldn't be the first lime Miss Norry and me have been on the salt sea in a gale of wind,' cried Katty, with a fearless laugh. ' 'Tisn't PO long sinco Mister Con 'ticed us out for a sail, and we had to spend the night on a desolate island, like three Robinson Crusoes !' Sir Piers secretly considered such an event «as very likely to occur again, for the boat did not answer her helm, and he needed more help with the sails than Ratty could, or the fisher bo; would, give. But be kept his doubts to himself, even when Norah drew nearer to ask what he thought of the weather. He was a tolerably skilful sailor, and would have enjoyed thc battle with the billows, and the stiff breeze now rapidly into a gale, if there had not been the lives of helpless women at stake as well as his own. Twice he attempted to pass tho headland, and twice was driven back, but still he persevered ; for if the darkness overtook them with such a gale blowing, it was not at all probable that they would ever 6ee land again. ": The saine thought was in the minds of Norah and her devoted foster-sister, for they were not as unconscious of the danger me* cacing them as he hoped and believed. But they were brave girls, and would have Boomed to distress him by a word or look ; they pre ferred to strengthen his hands by their own composure, and by readily lending all the aid he would permit. At last, the instinct of self-presevration in duced the sullen boy to open his lips. ' If you steered straight for the NOBS Rock, we'd make the bay well enough ' ' May I depend on this ?' Sir Piers asked of Norah, in a low voice. ' Do you know tho rock to which he alludes ?' ' YeB ; but it is in a direction so contrary to that we are trying to take-' She broke off to question the lad. ' Why do you say this ?-how do you 'know ? Remember if we are lost, you will perish with us I' But he had relapsed into his former mood, and would not answer even when Sir Piers, growing angry with his obstinacy, threatened him with a sound thrashing. However, to their great relief, they discovered that be was not proof against a bribe. When Hatty pro duced the remains of her morning's meal, he WBB persuaded to reveal the existence of a current on the farther side of the dangerous reef he had mentioned, which would carry them to their destination. 