rOllT AUGUSTA. BY A VISIT,,N. " Do not believe all vou hear " is a common and very sensible saving ; at least I found it apply most aptly on my first visit to Port Augusta. I had been accustomed to hear the place designated as a " hole"' and " the last place created," when only sand was left of the materials used to forn the universe. 1 had therefore no very bright visions before my mind's eye when I etnerg >d from the s.s. Lubra one fine morning to find myself steaming up to the port with lovely scenery of hills on either side, which form the shores of Spencer's Gulf. Arrived at the port 1 find a scene of progress which astonished mr—seven large ships and barques and as many smaller vessels, some loading produce iu the stream, others discharging at the the jetties ; on shore, stores, mills, a brewery, four or live hotels, houses great and small, from the fine inn of forty rooms to the cottage of two, some of the latter crowded enough, one in particular with a family of nine in one room and a pet raa-hors,' (the pride of the house) in the other 1 was much pleased to observe the bustle and business air ol the whole town, and the permanent improvement evidently on foot—Court buildings, roads, paths, and waterpipes. I was met iu many directions with the notice, " This valuable block of land for sale," aud on enquiry found the lots, as described, very valuable indeed, pounds per foot being a common price asked. 1 was also struck with the stupendous size of these allotments, some being fully 30ft. x -jOft. No wonder that with such vast domains monopolised by each householder some should seek the solitudes of Port August:! East and West. In visiting the former place I had occasion to pass through the park lands and cemetery. How vastly they have been improved by the wise policy of the Corporation in foncing-in the land can be seen at a glance. It was almost sad to see the latter place with headstones and railings covered nearly to the top with drift sand, and one could imagine the chagrin of a gentle ghost after taking a " fly round" on some moonlight night, when the time has come to go home, to find lie is in such a fix as when '•One morn a Peri at the gate Of Eden stood disconsolate," unable to get in for the sand at the front door. But with the new fencing, grass growing, and eventually trees planted round, how different will be the aspect of park lands and cemetery. The cause of the former waste barrenness is not far to seek. The matter with Port Augusta has been goafs. These beautiful and graceful creatures are voracious pests, wandering about seeking what . they can devour, and (now that every thing has perished before them) content to make A precarious living on eleemosynary scraps and larccnics committed on the back of the wood piles at the rear of each unfenccd villa. Do away with the goats, grow wattles on the park lands, and Port Augusta will bear a different aspect in two years from what it docs to-day, To grow wattles, take a modern sowing machine (Dobbie's) and broadcast the seeds as thinly as possible all over the land where the grass is growing ; then at the end of summer, when you may expect the first rain, set fire to the grass. This will insure the germination of the seeds, which will then grow ps surely as wheat. Its cost will be nominal, the benefit lasting. CllEDli EXPERTO. port Adelaide, October 18. " JEglefr in last week's Atmfralanian gays: —Miss Nelly C , whp has spent most of her days on a station where the patricians of the flocks awl herds are known by aristocratic names, visited Ballarat last week during the championship sheep show. A friend who had not seen her for years, and who was goodnaturedly anxious to parade some of the amusements of the golden city, asked permission to send her ticket for the concert that evening gt the Academy »}f Music. By way n£ further inducement lie said, " You will sec the Duke of Manchester there."' " Oh. indeed," said she. " I heard they went to tbc railway station to meet him, and afterwards brought him to the cattlc yard, but how will they get him on the stage ? Will they rope him, or handle liim, or what?" "Rope hiin," e said her friend in astonishment, " why should a man be roped to go to a concert?" Man ?" said the lady, " is it a man ? Faith they made so much talk about him, I thought he was the prize merino!" 