MUNICIPAL RETRENCHMENT, Amongst other business on the notice paper of the City Council for this afternoon ia the adoption or otherwise of the report of the Retrenchment Committee, brought up oil Friday last. It may bo asked what it ia that the Council will adopt, if it should accept the recommendations of the com mittee. A schenje of retrenchment? Well, a scheme, or what is called a scheme, has been proposed by which a saving of between seventy and eighty pounds may bo effected ir} the annual expenditure in salaries. This out of two or three thousand pounds por annum J It is not easy to realise that the proposal has been made in sober earnestness. The difference that will be made in tlje amount annually paid will be such that it will bo inappreciable by the great body of the ratepayers. The Town Clerk is to loso £50, and the chief accountant and receiver of revenue, Mr. M'Culloeh, is to lose £50 also a year. This will be rather hard on them considering that the total reductions do not amount to £1QQ. The salaries of the two chief officers ar.e 4oclj:ed; (it)4 those of some of the juniors increased whilst fltifei-^ are loft untouched, and tile grand result is what we have shown above, A lUQpe farcical pro ceeding could scarcely bo oonooived. The intention lias evidently been to shelve a dis agreeable affair. This might have been donoin % fairer way. It would have been better for the Council to have come forward and said that on investigation they could find no way of effecting njatenal reductions, and evon now we can scarcely belLeyp thoy will finally determine on aoting upon the sug gestions of the committee. As regards the Town Clerk, if the matter had been looked into during the interval which occurred be tween the death of his predecessor and his appointment io the office, and a certain sum had been then taken off the salary, neither Mr. Donovan nor aayqrfe else could have complained, because tho fact that economy should be practised was gene rally acknowledged. But having led him to understand that he was to receive perma nently a certain amount annually, it may well be Said on liis behalf that he has not been very fairly ijsed. If.ad anything like a just system of retrenchment been proposed since that time, it inight hayo reasonably been expected that lie with others would have submitted to the neoessary loss of salary, but as the case stands, his only fellow sufferer is a gentleman holding an important and highly responsible position^ $nd why these two should have been singled out of the whole body of muni cipal officers the public have yet to learn. The best thing that can bo done with the committee's report, which proposes so much injustice to individuals, and so little benefit to the ratepayers, will be to tljrow it into the waste-paper basket, Something effectual should bo done in tho way of retrenchment, something equitable of which none affected could complain, if retrenchment ia necessary and inevitable, or the matter should bo dis missed. P48LEGRAJIs.—The expense incurred in con nection with the Afghan war is, we learn from our cable messages, JjJcely to prove considerably heavier tbau has been ajjtjcipatid. Lord Lytton, the Viceroy of J.utlia, in :v deapafob to the late Secretary for State expresses an opinion that the outlay will exceed the estimate of thp Indian Govern ment by tlie large sum of £4.000,000 at loijst. The prosecution of the directors of the West of Euglaud Bank, which institution failed some months back, has terminated in the ac quital of all the accused. The charge preferred against them was of having issue^l false balance-sheets to tho share holders to poijceal the true condition of tha affairs of tlie bank. J'he Australian cricketers have arrived in London, and hapc lost no time in commencing practice. They will play thoir first match on the 17th inst. against fcleven of Derbyshire. RktiCuLation".—Amongst the tenders ac cepted by the Public Works department yestcr day were several for the supoly of a ijuautity Cabinet Mewing.—Our Melbourne corres pondent informs lis tli.it a Cabinet meeting was held yesterday afternoon, for the transaction of general business. Amongst other subjects discussed was that of the Land Tax Court. As it was considered necessary under the Act to continue that tribunal iti existence, it was re solved to appoint Judge P>unney and Judge Noel as Land Tax Commissioners without salary. Three of the Ministers—Messrs. Bent, Gillies, aud Ramsay—proceeded to Ballarat this (Thursday) evening cn roti/e for Hamilton, where t!iey will attend a banquet. They stay at Ballarat to-night, and will go on to Hamil ton in tile morning, and thence to Portland on Saturday. Application to Reduce Sureties.—Our | Melbourne correspondent writes:—In ^ the Equity Court to-day (Thursday) Mr. Casey made an application to reduce the amount of sureties in the estate of Allied Richards, Dig gorra. He stated that administration of tho estate of tho deceased was granted to his widow 011 the 24th of March, 1SS0. The value of the property was then sworn as under £.i,000, but it had since been valued, and the amount ; was now ascertained to be £-l,0S4 9s. 6d., riz., real estate, £3,214, and per sonal estate, £S70 9s. Gd. There was a mortgage on the property to the extent of £2,-100, which reduced it to £l.CSi 9s Od, and his application was that Mrs. Richards should be allowed to enter into bonds for this amount. He read an affidavit by the widow, in which she stated that she had been unable to obtain sureties to the amount of £3,000, but two per sons had consented to be sureties to the extent of £1,GS4. Ilis Honor granted the application. Presentation to the Hon". R. Clark.—An exceedingly-handsome silver tea and coflee ser vice, intended for presentation to the Hon. R. Clark, Minister of Mines and Water Supply, was placed in the window of Messrs. Joseph and Co., Pall Mall, yesterday, aud attracted a deal of notice. The set weighs about 150 ozs. The salver is beautifully engraved, aud around the edge is emboSsed a circle of grapes and vine leaves, whilst in the centre I the following words are inscribod:—"Pre sented to the Hon. Robert Clark, Minister of Mines and Commissioner of Water Supply by his Sandhurst friends, in recognition of his re markable public career. May 1SS0." The ser vice, together with a magnificently illuminated address, will be presented by the Mayor, at the Town Hall, at half-past three o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The friends of Mr. Clark ami sub scribers are by advertisement in another column invited to b« present. Tiie Ciiair Question-.—According to the Herald a great amount of excitement seems likely to spring up in connection with the decision arrived at by the .Exhibition Commis sioners with regard to the contract for the sup ply of chairs for the Exhibition. Our contem porary says that trades not directly interested in the matter have taken it up, and it lias been determined to hold a monster meeting in the earlj' part of next week to debate the ques tion. An Extraordinary Accident.—A serious and very peculiar accident happened on Wed nesday to Mounted-constable Meagher, of j the Corop Police Station, which may cause him to permanently lose the sight of the left eye. Meagher, who had been attending the Rochester Police Court, was returning iiojue, aud when riding through a clump of trees about four miles from Rochester the noise made by his horse disturbed an unusually large flock of niinah birds, which were resting on a tree. The birds on taking wing, Hew towards the constable, and one of them struck hmi in the face, its beak penetrating his left eyeball. The pain c..used by the injury was excruciating, aud it was with difficulty that the constable kept his seat iu his saddle, as his horse, being a young one, took fright and bolted. After the accident he discovered that the sight of the injur d eye was none, aud came into Sandhurst with the object of proceeding Melbourne to consult Dr. Gray, the oculist. Except that the eye is slightly inflamed, tlion are no outward signs of the injury it ljas re ceived. Water Conservation' in the Marong SlIIRE.—The deputation which was appointed a few nights back by the Central Loddon Farmers' Union to wait upon the Marong Shire Council, with a view of inducing that body to urge upon the Government the claims of the shire iu reference to the matter of water conservation, did so yesterday. The council thoroughly entered into the, matter, and decided to send a ] deputation to interview the Minister of Mines aud Water Supply, and urge the project. The Late 1/ir.r. at Ivangiuoo Flat.—We stated iu yesterday's issue that goods to the amount of £10 had been destroyed by fire at | Mr. Waldron's store on Tuesday morning laot. We since learn from Mr. Waldrou, who has re turned from Melbourne, that the goods destroyed and damage incurred will amount to between £500 and £G00 Huntly Police Court.—Mr. Webster, P.M., aud Messrs. Tootell aud Holdsworth, Js.P., were on tho bench at this court yesterday. Several persons were dealt with for breaches of the timber regulations. J. Lillis was sum- moned for neglecting to have his name legibly painted on his dray, and pleaded " Not guilty," as only two of the drays out of the four belonged to him. After hearing the evidence of the police he was fined 5s. and 2s. 6d. costs. In this case while the son was speaking on the case his father made a remark to him, when Mr. Webster ordered him to be brought up, and fined him 5s., or twenty-four hours' imprisonment for contempt of court. Benjamin Roper was summoned by the police for removing gravel off Crown lands without a licence. The evidence did not support the case, which was dismissed. John Egan was charged with illegally talcing timber off private property. The defendant pleaded "Not guilty." 0. J. Busst stated he was caretaker of Mr. Barker's paddock, Bagshot, and on the 9th April he saw the defendant carting wood out of the paddock. IJe valued the wood at He traced the cart tracks to whcr<; there had b:*en some wood newly cut. Mrs. ijusst corroborated this pvi dencc, The defendant stated lie wag cutting the wood in M'Donald's paddock, and paine through this one, as it was stated, but did not cut any wood, and called James Green, who swore he cut tho wood for the defendant, but did not cut it in Harker's paddock. Mr. Holdsworth, who was off the bench at this time, stated the defendant came to him and offered to pay for any damage he had done, aud in answer to the bench the defendant said the damage he meant was driving thpough tho paddock. Ho was, how ever, fined 10s, with 3s damages and 23 Gd oosts. A number of perisqni were Fined fja" with costs for hq.vii)g |inregist;red dogs in their pos session. The civil case, JiJdward pain v. John Cain—£8 10s, wagis, was adjourned, at tho re quest of the defendant, till next oourt. Mr. Hornbuekle, who appeared for the plaintiff, ap lied for costs for the day, when tho bench stated the costs of adjournment would go with the case. Tifii Proposed Castlkmaine, Malbo.n", and NeVbiupoe Railway.—A deputation from the Central Jjoddon f;!arii)ei's? Union waited upon the Marong Shire Council at its ifjeetjutj yester day, and asked that body's support to the proposed line of railway from Castlemaine to Maldon aud Newbridge. The couuoil agreed to do so, and decided that a deputation should urge the matter on the Minister of Rail ways. Tiib Eaglehawk Ladies' Benevolent SOCIETY.—A meeting of this society was held yesterday afternoon in the Borough Council Chambors. There ware present—Mrs. Hay, president, and Mesdames Hall, Abbott, Roper, Gowland, and Revs. Anthony (treasurer) and Lowers (secretary). The hour of meeting was changed to throe o'clock during winter. Accounts were passed for payment amounting to £29 5s., aud others are owing not yet sent in, which place the society haavily in arrears, though the winter has scarcely yet sot in. This society, iij order to relieve the really deserv ing necessitous in' the neighborhood, specially appeals to the Borough Qouiioil ^n<} to the Government for increased grants to enable it to clothe and feed the poor during winter; and as sanitary precautions are at;.present urgently required to repress disease, as well as sympathy to relievo distrpss, it urges its claim for help to preveut the fatality and fertility of diseases, which hunger and bud aud insufficient bed clothing so much contribute to. The roll of recipients hayinsr been reviewed none could be taken off, while more were added to it, and clothing ordered to a few wlio wers ill great need of it. Tije SpifOOLVASTiiit Abroad.—At the April meeting of the H«n{;Iy Shjre Council, a com munication was received from a resident of Elmore, in which he complained of the conduct of some of his neighbors. The letter was, how ever, couahed in such ambiguous terms, and with such a total disregard of tho rules of ortho graphy that it was utterly incomprehensible, and was simply received. The writer, however, was not to be shunted off in this way, and sub mitted another letter to the council at its meet ing on Wednesday. This is how in his second attempt he Btates his grievance " Elmore 9th April 1SS0.—I Mr. here do complian to the IItfi) 1 ty Shire Counsil aganst Mr. he has l/is lidua on Pompempe-street I will give you a little iclea of tbcm tho drink all bys no wood al} our fowls goes to their pleas n.ofpr re turning home giid the rest of the i)eighbpurs fowls the same so I iim not to be trgspas on by parties living on tho street at my door I here give you notis to remove them and others in the shortest notis it is to bad for such carrectera to be let livo on the river side they ar a perfect nusens to man aud beast. Yours truely —— Elmore. I hope yo'i will remove them iu fourton days notis or less if you can.'" The document was merely received, and no action taken. '' Pawnbroker's License. — At tho Police Court' yesterday before 'Messrs. Samuel aud Edwards, Js.P., a pawnbroker's license was Probate. —Amongst the wills to which pro bate were granted in the Equity Court yesterday was that of the late Rev. Joseph Dare, D.D. The amount was £1,481. The will of the late Mi. Archibald Menzies, hotelkeeper, of Mel bourne, was proved at £39,650. Bishop Moorhocse's Experiences. — The Biahop of Melbourne certainiy possesses an extraordinary amount of zeal and energy. Dur ing the heavy rain which fell continuously a few days ago, His Lordship travelled over the plains in the northern districts, and had mauy uncomfortable experiences and adventures. He proceeded mile after mile along roads entirely under water, his buggy sometimes getting stuck fast in small creeks and rivulets. His travels across the plains have formed fit subjects for remark at the numerous celebrations iu which he lias recently taken part in the Sandhurst district. At the meeting last evening iu Ail baiuts' School-room, lie stated that he passed over one piece of road five miles long on the way to Iverang entirely covered with water, which was sometimes up to the horses' girths, When they were near Mitiamo they entered a creek which had risen considerably, and the water went far above the axles. The horses plunged along through the mud and water until they were at last fairly beaten. The leaders began to paw at the water, and that meant that the buggy was stuck. The horses fell down iu the water, and the occupauts of the buggy, who were every moment iu dauger of being cap sized, had to keep their seats until the driver, who waded through the water, reached a neighboring farm and procured some heavy cart horses, which, after great difficulty, succeeded in extricating the buggy from the lagoon. Although he reached Kerang in time for the evening address his energetic efforts to mako good progress were fruitless, for the building in which he was to speak was unapproachable, on account of being surrounded with water. Lady Nlyorhouse accompanied the biahop on his journey, but having caught a severe cold sho was compelled to return to Melbourne a few days ago. The health of the bishop has not suffered severely, but his voice has become weakened on account of the exposure to which he was subjected while on his journey across the plains. !ue Unemployed.—-A public meeting of the unemployed iu Sandhurst was held last evening in the Town Hall. There were about 200 persons present, amongst whom, however, were many persons who had no interest in the move ment outside of curiosity, The chair was occu pied by the Mayor, Mr. J, A. Woodward. Two resolutions were carried, requesting the City Council and the Government to proceed as quickly as possible with public works in the city, in order that employment may be provided for the men now out of work. A report appears elsewhere. Religious Services.—Yesterday, being the Feast of the Ascension, services were held in nearly all the churches in the city. At eight a.m. the holy communion was administered at All Saints Church, and at seven p.m. there were evening prayers, At St. Paul's, at 11 a.m., prayers were read by the Rev. E. G. Pryce, of New bouth Wales. At the communion service the Bishop of Melbourne and the Rev. W. R. Croxtou officiated. The Bishop preached from the Acts, 1st chapter, 1st and 2nd verses: "Thu former treatise have I made, O Theophilus, of all that Jesus began both to do and to teach. Uiail the day in which he was taken up, after that he, through the Holy Ghost, had given commaudinents unto the Apostles, whom he had chosen." He stated that the Ascension was the completion of our Lord's ministry on earth. He was always present with his people according to his promise, but he was not visibly present. He briefly referred to the Lord's birth, life, and death, but dwelt at length up#n his glorious resurrection and ascension into heaven. The sermon throughout was of an eloquent character, and the words of His Lordship were deeply impressed oil his auditors. At St. K'liau's church there were very large congregations at the morning services, Exti;.s-siye Works.—Tito Marong Shire Council affords more employment for labor thau any other Shire Council iu this district, and at nearly every meeting a goodly number of tenders are let. Yesterday an extra large num ber of tenders were accepted, the total number called for being sixteen, some being of consider able importance. Quite a crowd of contractors was iu attendance, and a good competition took place for the various works, no fewer thau eighty-two tenders having been put in. Enlargement of the Baptist Church.—The opening services^ of the Baptist Church, liar greaves-street, since its enlargement, will be held on Sunday next, when the Rev. P. Bailaicho, of Melbourne, will preach both morn ing and eveniug. j Death ix the Hospital.—The following deatii took place iu the Beudigo Hospital on the 5th instaut:—John Tonkin, forty-seven years of age, from phthisis. Ho was admitted on the Kith ultimo. The Cutting Down of the Big Hill. —The performance of the work of cutting down the Big Hill does not seem to stand a chance of being carried out so soon as was anticipated by ] all parties interested in that important and j necessary undertaking. Jt will no doubt bo remenjbered tljat t|ie ratepayers of the Marong Shire directly interested contributed a sum of ! .money on the receipt of which the counoil of that shire agreed to proceed with the work, conditional on receiving a Government graut promised of £500, the council contributing the i balance. At the meeting of the council last month it was decided to call for tenders for the work, and in the meantime, the secretary acting, on the instructions of the president, communi cated with the Public Works department iu reference to the matter. He received in reply to his queries a letter which intimated that if the work was not comp'eted, and the amount claimed prior to the 30th June next, the vote would lapse, and would not bo revoted. The secretary reported this to the council at its meeting yesterday, and as mv»ht be expected the information occasioned a disagreeable sur prise, more especially as tlio engineer intimated that the work coald not be completed before the expiration of four moutliB. It was decide that a deputation shoqld proceed to Melbourne, and wait on the Minister of Public Works, with a viow of urging that the amount of the vote should bo placed on the next estimates. A largo number of tenders for the work were opened, the amounts specified therein being very close. The lowest was that of Messrs. West and Sunderlaud at £907, which is under the engineer's estimate, and this was accepted, though the contract will not be proceeded with pending the result ot the deputation. City Policis Court.—At this court yesterday a woman named .Mary Mathe3on was charged with breaking six panes of glass, the property of J. McJJahjanj, of $ernal-atreet, but as the prose cutor did not appear she was discharged. A young mail named John Donker was brought up on a charge of simple larceny committed at Newstead, and on the application of the police he was remanded to Newstead. Johu Barrow proceeded against Emma Lauigan for insulting behavior and damage to property. Mr. Cohen appeared for tlio complainant, and Mr. Motteram for the defence. There was a cros3 case be tween the defendant and the complainant's wife, but the bench after taking evideuco dismissed both cases. 'J.!!|e evidence was very conflicting. G. F. Pickles was fined gs, fpr qbqtruating the footpath, and James 0r»rr was fined "J0s! or in default 48 hours' imprisonment for throwing stones with a shanghai in Viow-street, In the wages case of P. Ryan r. M. Cook, £5 5s. Bd., an order was made for *--he amount claimed, with 13s. costs. Mr. Wrixon appeared for the plaintiff. Messrs. Samuel and Edwards, Js.P., were on the bench. Traffic Returns.—Tho Viotorian Railways traffic returns, for the- week ending 29th April, show the following results, the number of miles open being 1,186, as against 1,076 for the corres ponding period of 1S79:—No. of pasaangers— 1S79, SO,770; 1SS0, 50.83S. Total returns for week ending 29th April, £19,362 16s. 8d.; for the corresponding week, 1879, £21,672 Gs. 3d. Aggregate to date from 1st July, £1,079,574 13s. 6d.; for corresponding periodin 1879, £1,053,751 6s. 6d. Weeklv average (43 weeks)—1880, £25,100 7s. 9d,; 1879, £24,505 16s. lid. The Weather,—The weather still kept fine yesterday, and was most enjoyable, tho sun's rays tempering a cool braciug breeze. In the evening the temperature became much colder, and a dense fog settled otct the town. Up to a late hour in the night there was every promise of a continuance of fine weather. Coursing.—On Monday evening next, at half past seven o'clock, a meeting of subscribers to the Elmore sweepstake will be held iu the Great Britain Hotel, High-street, Nominations for the sweepstake will qlose on the 18th instant. Pickwick. Football C^ui].—'A meeting1 of this olub was held last evening at Alexander's Royal Hotel, for tho purpose of forming com mittees and eleoting office bearers, Mr, Dorman who occupied the chair was elected captain, J. MacMahon, vice-captain; W. Alexander, secre tary; J. P. Gleeson, treasurer. Tlio diamoud drill was started at Stawell on Monday. The Cabinet on Tuesday consulted on David Henry's case, in response to the petitions which were lately presented to the Governor. Ministers were unable to find sufficient justi fication for recommending his Excellency to remit any portion of the prisoner's sentence.— Telegraph. A mooting- of "St. Peter's Workers at Home" will be held "this eyeing, jn the Town Hall, Eagle hawk, at seven o'clock. " ' ' "" We arc requested to direct att-ntion tu an ad vertisement in ai|>ither column, intimating that, as oho of tho partners in tho firm of Davios ami Robertson, cordial manufacture! s, High-street, is about to retire, all accounts are requested to be sent in, and persons ind-b'.ed to the firm aro re quired to settle immediately. In an advertisement it is notified that the firm of Nanco, Davies and Co., stamper grating manu facturers. Arnold-street, Sandhurst, has b?en dis solved. Mr. Thomas Davies rotires from the busi ness whica will iu future be carried on by Mr, 