Slyboots : A Story for the Young, Bx Bbata Feancis, [The volume to which we are indebted for this exceUent fable will be noticed in our next issue. The authoress is a daughter of a much respected Judge of this colony.] . I. Slyboots was his name, and Slyboots was his nature ; but there is this te be said in excuse for his manoeuvres, that he bad a wife and family at home who expected a great deal of bini, and looked very black indeed when he returned empty - pawed. ' 1 wish papa would bring us something really nice for once,' said the youngest cub one morning at day break, when they were expecting their father after a nighPs one sees nothing but his own old red coaf.' ' There's some truth in what the little chap says,' said the son and heir : 'I am sure if I had a fine young family it would be my greatest pride and pleasure to work tor them My father should exert himself a little and provide us with more comforts.' By ' comforts' he meant at least a fat fowl -every now and then, and a goose at Michaelmas. ' You shouldn't speak so of your pa,' 6aid Mrs. SIv boots, for filial duty was the one duty she recognised ; ?' but I must «say 1 do feel s. terrible sinking at this moment ; just poke your nose out of the burrow and sec if there is anything red coming through the trees.' The three little noses of the three cubs were already stretched out as far as jwssibie. ' Here he comes,1' cried Cubby the youngest, 'and, hurrah! he's got something ia his' mouth 1' But behold, when the father arrived and threw himself panting en the ground, the prey which dropped from between his (eclh proved nothing but an extremely attenuated weasel. 'Pshaw!' cried the eldest son, ' why, it isn't worth speaking of ! Here, give it to me, it's no 'good making two bites of a cherry.' lie seized the weasel by the neck, but Cubby was too quick for him and managed to possess him self of the tail. At the 6ame moment cub No. 2 contrived to get hold of a leg, and there ensued a savage snarling break ' Settle it among yourselves,' said the father fox wearily ; ' you're a set of ungrateful little dogs ; you never think 'of all -he trouble and fatigue, both to body and brain, I have in seeking for prey, when you are all lying snug in bed ! If you only knew the amount of plotting and planning it has ttik-v mo to secure that wretched weasel ! 1 got him at last by telling him the ghosts of three rabbits, with torches in their bands, were making straight for his hole. Out he rushed in frantic haste, shaking and trembling all over, and I nobbled him at once.' 'That was well done,' said Mrs. Slyboots approv ingly. ' Its no use mincing matters, father,' said the son and heir, licking his lips; ' a. weasel or so is all very well ia its way, but what we want are good solid meals of the best de scription, quantity and quality both, you understand. I suppose you would like to have a fine handsome fox for the representative of your familv ; well, it is not to be expected that I can develop properly without sufficient nourishment. You are the author of my being, and arc bound to provide me with every advantage.' ' There's something to be said for that view of the case,' said old Slyboots meekly ; 'well, the moon will be up to night, and 1 will do my best for you. There's no chance of getting into the henhouse, its locked up so fast, but I have heard that that conceited old cock Chanticleer and one or two hens have taken to roosting in the wool-shed, into which I tliiuk I could squeeze. If their perch is too high for me to reach, I could surely get one of them down by cajolery ? ' The old fox was quite correct in his information. It happened that the henhouse belonging to the neighbouring farm was overcrowded, and that Mrs. Jerkins, the farmer's wife, had decreed that Chanticler, being rather a quarrel some bird, and apt to have differences with the other cock, Bliould take up his sleeping quarters in an adjoining wool shed, in company with his faithful old wife Partlet, and a pretty young pullet of the name of llosytocs. ' ISow, mind what I eay, you women-kind,' remarked Chanticleer, as the three settled themselves on their perches. *' I have reason to believe that there is a sly old fox prowling , nbout the neighbourhood. He's very likely to come aud make up to you, now he can push his way in ; but don't you pay the least attention to what he says.' ' But surely there can be no objection to my giving him a bit of my mind,' said Dame l'avtlet, who was rather addicted to expressing an opinion ou every subject. 'There is the greatest possible objection,' answered her lord. ' You are safe enough here on this high perch by my side, but if you once enter into conversation with the old rascal, one can't tell what it may lead to ; 'you hens ar e so easily humbugged. All you have got to do is to sit tightand hold your tongues. If it is necessary for anything to bo said, I shall say it.' Sure enough that night, as gently as the moonlight had stolen into the wood- shed, in stole also the cunning old fox. lie looked cautiously round, and his heart bounded with delight when he perceived that an empty beer-barrel had beeu left on the ground, just under the perch where the three fowls were sleeping, each, with the corner of one eye open, by way of precaution. Slyboots stepped gently on to the barrel, and strained his neck to the utmost. It was too tantalising. There were the long tail feathers of the cock within a few inches of 'his very nose: he sniffed and stretched, and thought of his eldest son, tried to steady himself for a jump, and nearly tumbled backwards in his efforts. It was all to no purpose, so he retired at last, lay plotting outside the shed for a few moments, and then re entered in a brisk gentlemanly manner, making just enough noise to arouse the half dormant occupants of the shed. 'Good evening, ladies,' he began; 'pray don't trouble yourselves -o turn round.' ' I told you so,' whispered Chanticleer to his companions ; ' now mind what I've said, and sit tight whatever you do.' ' I ought to apologise for intruding at this time of night,' ' wont on Slyboots, ' but I anfrso very much engaged with njy family during the day that I can hardlv find time to pay visits. Mrs. Slyboots begged me to say she Lopes to have the pleasure of calling soon.' ' Mrs. Slyboots need not trouble herself,' put ia Chanti cleer, without looking round. ' You are very good, very considerate,' said the old fox ; ' it is true 6he is very much occupied with domestic duties, and all that sort of thing, you know. An exemplary mother like you, Mrs. Partlet, will understand.' 'Ho seems a very civil sort of gentleman, really,' whispered Pdrtlet. ' It is true I did sit an enormpus time on that hist hatch of cgg6 without a word of complaint.' ' Stuff ! ' returned Chanticleer. *' What fools hens are ! — My ladies are both asleep, Mr. Slyboots, or ought to be,' he added aloud. *' Pray don't exert yourself to moke con versation for them. 1 have the honour to wish, you a very good night' Poor Slyboots felt that there was nothing for him at that moment, in his character of gentlemanly visitor, but to retire ; but as he was about to leave the Bhed, a happy thought occurred to him. He paused and exclaimed to him self, as if the words were fairly wrung from him by irre pressible admiration, ' What an exquisitely beautiful young creature ! ' after which he disappeared rapidly. Now Chanticleer and Partlet were both sober middle-aged birds — there could therefore be no doubt that these words must apply to Eosytoes. Her susceptible little heart went pit-a-pat in an instant. ' Impertinent rascal,' said Chanticleer. ' I don't think he meant to be impertinent,' said Rosy tons gently ; *' The words slipped out as if he couldn't help them. I just caught a glimpse of him as he went away ; he wears a magnificent red coat. I wonder if he will come again. 'I should think not, indeed,' said Chanticleer ; ' I've settled him.' Eosytoes sighed very softly, closed her eyes, and in her dreams that night a red-coated gentlemen figured consider ably, and not unpleasantly. The last words Chanticleer uttered formed a very favourite sentence of his, ' What fools hens are, to be sure.' II. It may be imagined that poor old Slyboots did not meet iriih a very warm reception from hie family after his night's exploit. He reached home exhausted with running and damp with dew, just as die sky began to glow red behind wt £nck8* He related Ms adwmtures at great length. w nen ne came to the beer-barrel his eldest son was very con temptuous indeed. He was qnite certain that if bis father tod only exerted himself a little more he could have reached the tail-feathers of the cock. ' Why on earth didn't you jumpi'' he asked. 'I couldn't jump from the barrel,' replied the father Bniaiy. It was an empty one, and kept rolling round and sending me backwards when I stood on it. My toes got crushed more than once; all I could do was to rest my fore-pawa on it and stretch my neck as far as possible. It is quite stiff still from the effort' That night, when Chanticleer and his ladies retired to rest, he announced that there was no occasion for any of them to he awake expecting the fox, they might all sleep as soundly as they pleased. Accordingly lie and Partlet went tj J2t0 a Profound slumber, but there was no sleep for Kosytoes. She made pretence by tucking her head partly tV u ^ine» but aIi lhe time her eaTB were strained to catch the faintest sound which might indicate another visit irom the red-coated gentleman. At last he came. His 6tep was gentle, his manner was reverential, his voice was mellifluous. He was so delighted, he said, to find her, as it were, quite alone, for the old folks were so sound asleep that it was a complete Ute-a- letc. The fact was that he had entirely lost his heart to her a few days ago, when he nad caught sight of her snow-white form standing in a barn doorway, but he had been obliged to watch his oppor tunity for paying his respects. He dared not venture near the farm-yard by daylight, as he had enemies about, who misrepresented him in the most cruel way. liosytoes listened with a fluttering heart. 'But you know,' she whispered, ' that there was a fox— not so very Jong- ago — who came into the farm-yard, and stole a sweet looking young duck ; so you cannot wonder that people are a little prejudiced against your family.' ' My family .' ' exclaimed Slyboots : ' you labour under an unfortunate mistake. I know perfectly well the fox to whom you allude— young Reynard, who met with an accident in the hunting-field which cut short his career. He was a sad young fellow, but no relation whatever of mine. 'We are the foxes of Dampshire — recently settled in this neighbourhood, quite a diifereat and a inueh older family.' _' lhe fact is,' went on Slyboots, with a slight tremor in his voice, ' that I can hardly bear to dwell on the history of that unhappy young tox we were speaking of, it affects me so deeply ? ' ' You must have a feeling heart,' said Rosytoes. Slyboots passed one paw rapidly across his eyes, and wont on. ' Not that I think I have any occasion to blame my self in the matter, for I certainly exerted myself to the ut most to lead him back into the paths of virtue, but it was useless. His was a rapid downward course from first to last, and yet he was a fine promising young fellow enough when I first knew him.' Here Slyboots became visibly affected again, and two gentle tears dropped from the eyes of the sympathetic Rosy toes. Slyboots cleared his thnat, and began again, as if with a great effort— ' I remember on one occasion his trying to persuade me to share in one of his ill-gotten spoils ; not any of his beautiful winged victims— that could never have been the smallest temptation to me, indeed he would not have dared to make such a proposition to me ; no, it was a pig— a very little one. Now, I do plead guilty to a weakness for an jccasional ta6te of pork, but I knew the underhand means by which that little pig had been procured, and nothing A-ould have induced me to partake of even a pettitoe. Ho ivas the youngest of his family, much smaller than any of his jrothers and sisters — a merry, frolicking little fellow, the larling of his mother's heart. Reynard induced the poor )ld sow to part with him for a short time, by promising* to teach him to dance. A pretty dance it was ! ' No, Rey naid,' said I firmly, ' I would sooner starve ! Think of the bereaved mother.' ' ' Noble creature ! ' cried Rosytoes enthusiastically, for ebe recognised the attraction of scraps of cold bacon her ' To change to a pleasanter theme,' said Slyboots— ' the moon shines gloriously to-night. What say you to a little stroll with me? You cannot think how I pine for an interchange of ideas with a sweet, congenial spirit.' ' But,' said Rosytoes, ' I thought you said something last night about a 3lrs. Slyboots V ?' ' True,' answered the old fox, ' I did so ; but, to confess the honest truth to you, Mrs. Slyboots, good old soul, is no companion for me. It was, in fact, a marriage of con venience, arranged by our friends ; there never was the . slightest congenially between us, though we jog on in a comfortable sort of way. Mrs. Slyboots is entirely engrossed with domestic affairs, aud I am forced to seek for intellec tual refreshment elsewhere.' ' Why can't we go on talking as we are? ' asked Rosy toes ; ' it's very nice in here.' ??Impossible,' answered Slyboots ; 'the presence of that bigoted old guardian of yours, who might wake any moment, must prevent a free interchange of souls.' ' You shouldn't speak so of Chanticleer,' said Rosytoes. ' He's a very remarkable person ; no work could go on at all in the farm but for him — the labourers would never do a thing. He wakes them all up. There is reason to believe that the sun itself rises so early in order to hear him crow ; he hinted as much to me himself.' At this, old Slyboots began to shake all over with internal laughter, but he controlled himself, and remarked that that was certainly a very striking circumstance ; and then he renewed bis entreaties to Rosytoes to descend for a moon light stroll. A great struggle was going on meanwhile in the poor little pullet's mind. Her life in the farmyard was certainly a dull one. With all her respect for Chanticleer, she was tired of hearing nothing but what fools hens were. ' No, Mr. Slyboots,' shesaidat last, politely but firmly: 'lam much obliged to you, but I cannot leave the wood shed alone with a stranger.' On this, old Slyboots protested his devotion more vehe mently than ever, and at last succeeded in extorting a promise from Rosytoes that if he should come again to morrow night she would think it over in the meantime, and — perhaps,' With this, the old fox was obliged to content himself, and home he went with a crestfallen and dejected air, his tail between bis legs, for Slyboots in the bosom of his family was a very different person from Slyboots abroad. AH the next day Rosytoes was in a very tremulous con dition. She even lost her appetite, a most unusual thing with her, and when the farmer s wife summoned the poultry with her cheerful ' Chuck, chuck,' though she new to the spot where the grain was scattered from instinct, all she could do was to pick up a morsel of Indian corn and let it drop again. &he; avoided the company of Chanticleer and Partlet, and wandered alone through the fields, thinking of the red-coated gentleman and bis impending visit that night. She knew she should not have strength of mind to resist his entreaties again, and her heart failed her as she thought of the awful step she was about to take. If ill should come of it who would be to blame except herself ? Sud denly a brilliant idea occurred to her. Instead of sleeping in the wood- shed that night she would watch her oppor tunity, and when the other fowls retired to roost in the hen house she would slip in too, and be safely bcked up with the rest. As soon as she had made this resolve she sought her good friend Partlet, and told her what had happened the night before, and the plan she had formed in conse quence. ' All right, njy dear,' said Partlet. ' I'll tell Chanti cleer that the draught in the wood-shed gives you a crick in your neck ; and then I'll lie awake myself, and if he happens to be asleep so much the better, I shall have a chance to speak. Depend upon it I'll tackle the wily old fox ; you. won't catch him asking me to take moonlight walks'!' Rosytoes privately thought that perhaps he wouldn't care so much about a walk with Partlet, but she was too wise to say so. She accomplished her designs without hindrance ; but her heart was very heavy the while, and when the moonlight shone through the hen-house window, across the backs of sleeping fowls, she almost wished herself in the ?wood-shed again. Partlet explained the absence of Rosy toes to Chanticleer as had been arranged. He remarked, ' Her own fault for sleeping on a draughty part of the perch. What fools hens are, especially pullets*! and then dropped off into profound slumber. {To be conclndtd.J 