PREVIODS WlCTORIAK EXHIBITIONS. Tho Herald;' after giving a resume of: all the "iWqrid'r-exhibitions;" yet held; says ; — Let ua oSllHtf miiid liow tho circumstances under which the firat exhibitioil was held in Victoria. It was h year of unusual commercial depression. The. first'cKeck the colony Had received in its onward march siiico the influx of population, iti 1851-2, was felt by the natural and inevitable reaction which always follows the abrupt ctjnvulsioris of society, such as ' those attendant bii the stupen dous discoveries of gold made at Fryer's Creek, BendigoaiidBallarlit. Sir Charles Hotham had just, assumed tlio reins Of Government, and he wa3.(by.,ho'/mean3'in., repute with the leaders of bcietyjherdj: at, .the head of which Were Mr John Q'Shariassy ..bn.ithe one hand; find the late. Mr AYilliam'Ciarke Haines pri the other. , The miii- ing community . .was . in a state of discontent, which afterwards broke iritd open mutiny and, 'ai.is itnowri; resulted 'iii bloodshed. Nevorthe- leaB,-ttie Exhibition was a complete success.. It was erected Am-Ahe 1 Bite now occupied by the Mint, and was built somewhat on the lines of the Crystal Palace in. 1851; although, of course, on a very mucli smjller scale; Those who remember that structure will bear iii raitld that its principal -attraction was ;the;pyramidaj oone. which repre sented the amount of gold produced in the colony jifi tpodato.. .If that was thought gigantic at the .tiipe,. it-..;.would.. have a very poor show indeed .against the massive , cubes now on view in the .Carlton Gardens. . This Exhibition was not re- /markablojfor much, except, that it displayed to the' wbrld ' our vast mineral resources. It was- 'Honoured, however, by the presence of a distint ;'guished::guest; who possibly was the greates exhibit of' the1 day. - Smith- O'Brien;, theb an jbiilO from hik tlntive land, arrived in-Viotoria '-.about August, 1854," Slid his receptioii Wlis aii .dp.ochiuo'u'c national histbty that the future -ioJhrbpicler should not fail to make; A n'Cte; of. In all the'canlrea of population 'He; was fet'ed, lionised,, adored... .Some; of the country papers (then Hut in tliei'r budding, infancy) went' so far as to print exhibition supplements on satin, the main featurpofwhictiwaS the stdry of the doings of lheMllu3trious- ghost: -The curious may see one of those 'copies . framed, at the Mechanics', Institute, Satidhur3t, any day they choose to. visit tho city. Tt was origiually on blue satin,; edged, witli white silver lace; -Both satin and i lace afe:tlim'hhd tarnished how. There : was a. lapse of twelve years before the noxt exhibition,: ':and,this.'wa3 also held in the building now a mure memory of:the past. .It was opened by'Sir. ,, Charles Darling, who was then at the . height of his popularity, and the exhibition was it marked .- success.. Here it was that the opening by means of a musical ceremony was first introduced into our exhibitions.- Sternhold Bennett's Ode and Meyerbeer's Exhibition March wore rendered "Fl-ora a score' jareparod by Mr G. E. Horsley, for Viiii iliats and instrumentalists; from mere piano- Vfort'e copies of feacb. ' In-this exhibition it was ' iVmoatgratifyirigfeatOt-o tliat the product of our ;'mine,3 did. nflt preponderate. Iti the lapse of , wiiiyejears the people hfldtihie lb settle them-. I, .selves: to thqi? various trades ririd occupations.; .cither;, iniuing; nor wool iyas etihsidered now the chief reliance of Ihb ciilbny, but mrihtifaCturd had raised, her. .head, and asserted her claims td be corisidered'in tHe future History of thb'cbloiiy. " We have never," said a journal of the dayj "before seen so magnificent a display of what the colony is capable . of producing on its dWii ""account; " " This was the last exhibition held iii . the.old building; - but it's gloHea, except in thb minds' of bld' colonists, niust pale before the one .which followbd aftbr a long Iapie of nine years; Oil? pi-etioua buildiiig, highly as it was thought " .i)f at the liiiie lt.ivas used; has ' goiie to -jniii the , > great>"i\fray of; .iviiat "may.'hb# be , coiisiclefed air ' iuoit pro'-histpric .Slolbourne. Its relics ivbre bought at public auction for a mere aorig, and ,, ii.r some time the place ou which it has 'stood was a mere waste in the middle of a ouHivated .and.eivilised city. But from its ashes was ti 'i we' tfie' Strheiure -of 1875j .nbir -kuowh Ss . tlib Technological Museum and Art Gallery, where up many .of our . artisans enjoy themselves in telr . Jecfually'jlrbm .tiiho to time. This exhibition; . ";Was /ppenbd, "with great eclat and iflduriah of itrumpeta wiiiali! did not bray too lo'udly after all: ..j.Fot thia exhibitipu; like the; one which had pre! ilHpded.it;. was li grand success. , Indeed, it .stood ;''Outin bolder relief, as it showed clearly How thb " hianufaclures'bf the colony had got the whip hand of its prbductions from the soil. To bb ;:; slird,- wbbl and gold wbre to the fore again; but, Q hevertheloBS', there we're, thousands of specimens of handicraft, which showed that Victorians had left gnldfibl'ds and thb outer cohiitry- to sottlb down td tlio'tradea atid pursuits- they had fol- . .lOlve'd.ihThe old country . This Exhibition pos'- T sibly openod out a field of enterprise which, has b:>rusulted in: the establishment of so many faotorieis J8 H n I'atiHmdbl.Fd.' we have 'there specimens ot 'fdnandici'iift wliioh' obuld rival the host produots cjf J'''tJthd'wo'?liri;' .' THoso were mbroly experimental at y tlio jtjrrfe." ' They Have beebmo" foots which thb i Exhibition of to-duy will best explain the impnr- "(nrice df.' Th'bre is no. need to 6h tor into details with regard tot that .Exhibition. It lives now fi , jis.ii; green, spot in most. of our memories. . Let 'us.op.'e that of 1880 will leave behind it as many ,.',cHeerful rocollectioiis. 3 t-l-J l.-i!.fv-.-r ... , ..... " The beauties of nature aro made the. object ofHoutemlative'study in Cbeyenno, in the Far Jiit West:- .Two men recently put up five dollars ..ouch on a wugor that one could hold a wa'Sp in 'J'iiiHaiid longer than tho other. Tho man who ..Jiutibed chloroform ou liia hand oxpooted to win, —but . tho other happened to know that uialo ji wasps don't sting, and got onoof that sex. They sat and smiled at each other, while tho crowd ' jrondored, until tho chloroform had ovaporatod, 5 find then tho fellow who used it suddenly ;; ; howled and lot go his wasp. Tlio other man gbt iho money. . Said a certain individual to a wag, "The mAn fr who raised a cabbage bead lias done more good thin t - tbo metaphysicians in the -wwld.'-W/'-Then'," replied tho wag, !' your mother ought to have a premium i" 