AN OLD VIKING'S SHIP. A Relic of the Asc oTCIiarle uiaguc. EXHUMED IX NORWAY AFTER A BURIAL OF A THOUSAND YEARS. A Copryfi.AGE.v letter U- the London Times, under date of June 16th, says : — A reccnt antiquarian discovery of a most remarkable nature has put the scientific world of Scandinavia in commotion, and is attracting the general attention of the fccandiuiTian nations, londJy attached to their venerable history and ancient folk lore, and full of devotion for the relies of tiieir great past. In age this discovery cannot cope with the treasure-trove brought forth by Scbliemann fromllian or Grecian soil, nor even with the excavations con ducted by German savants at Olyinpia : it only carries us back to a period distant a thousand years from our time, bat still it initiates the ruoJern time in tbe life and and cus'.oms of bygone ageSj and vivifies the cyie of the old Northern poems and sagas as fully as the ' Iliad' is illustrated by tbe excavations at. Hissarlik or at I Mycenie, or the Pindaric odes by those at j Olympia. inLji ? ? ill Ul« SUUUI»r!l« II 1»II»1VUUSUWK» Fjord, in Norway, is situated the bathing establishment or Sandefjord, renowned as a resort forrheumaticand nervous patients. The way from this place to the old town ? of Tonsberg condacs to a small village j called GogstaJ, near wliich is a tnmulus or funereal hill, long known in the local traditions under the name of King's Hill (Kongshangi. In the flat fields and \ jneadows stretching froze tlie Fjord to the foot of the mountains, this mole, nearly | r, ioU feet in diameter, rises slowly from the-', ground, covercd with green turf. A I mighty king, it was told had here found j his last resting-place. Eurrounded by his 1 horses and hound?, and .with costly j ttea^ures near his body, bin for centcrieSj j superstition and the fear of avenging ! ghosts has prevented the examination of , any supposed grave, until now the spirit . of investigation has dared to penetrate into its sccre!.c. The result has been the discovery of a complete vessel of war, a ?perfcct, Viking craft, in which the un known chiefiain had been entocbed. ' The sons of the peasant on whose ground the tumulus is si uated began in January and February this year an exca vation ; they dug down a well from the top, and soon met with some timber. Happily, they suspended their work at ?this point, and reported the matter to Christiania, where the 'Society for the Preservation of Ancient Monuments' took up the task, and sent down Mr. iviebolay sen, an expert and learned antiquary, to conduct the further investigation. Under his able guidance the excaration was car ried on in the monihs of April and May, and brought to a happy conclusion, re vealing the whole body of afl old Viking vessel, 74 feet long between stem and stern, 10 feet broad amidships, drawing '?) \ feet, and with 20 ribs. This is by far tbe ' largest craft foend from the olden times. \ In l8C3tbe Danish Professor Engelbardt dug out from tbe turf-mocr at Vydam, in Schlcsvig, a vessel 45 feet in length, and in 18G7 another was found at Tunc, in Norway, 43 fee t Jong; but neither of these can, in completeness or appoint went, be compare! with the craft now cxcavated at Gogstad. The tumulus is now nearly a mile distant from the sea, but it is evident from the nature of the alluvial soil that in olden times the waves washed its base. The vessel hal, conse .qncmly been drawn up immediately from the Fjord, and placed upon a layer of fascines or hurdles of hazel branches and moss ; the sides had then been coyercd with stiff clay, and the whole been filled up with earth and sand to form the funereal hill. l!ut the craft is placed with the stem toward the sea. It was the grand imagination of the period that when the Great Father of the Universe .should call him. the mighty chiefiain might start from the funereal hill with his fully-appointed vessel out upon -the blue ocean. ' Iu the stem of tho ship, fjrst disclosed to the eye, several interesting objects were found. A piecc of timber proved to lie the stock of the anchor ; it was per forated to hold the iron, but of tbis no jnore was found than a few remnants. 1 In the bottom the remains of two or three email oaken boats of a very elegant whape were placed over a multitude of oars, ^ome ' of them for ' the boats, others twenty fejet long, for the large craft ' itself. The form of these oars is highly interesting, -and very nearly like jlhat still in use th English rowing matches, /ending in a sm^ll, finely-cut blade, some pf them with ornamental .earrings. The bottom deals, as well preserved as if they were of yesterday, are ornamented with circular lines. Several pieces of wood had the appearance of having belonged to sledges, and some beams and deals are supposed to have formed compartments dividing the banks of the rowers on each side from a passage or corridor in tbe middle. In a heap of oaken chips and splinters was found an elegantly-shaped natcner, aoouc two incnes Jong, oi tlie sli ape peculiar to the younger Iron Age. Some loose beams ended in roughly carved dragon's heads, painted in the same colors as the bows and sides of the vessel — to wit, yellow and black. The colors bad evidently not been dissolved in water, as they still exist ; bat as olive or oilier kinds of vegetable oil were unknown at the time, it is supposed that the colors had been prepared with some sort of fat, perhaps with blubber. ' As the excavation proceeded, the whole of the vessel was laid bare. All along the sides, nearly from stem to stern, and ou the outside, extended a row of circular shields, placed like the scales of a fish ; nearly 100 of these are remaining, partly painted in yellow and black, but in many of tbenj the wood has been con sumed, and only the central iron plate has been preserved. From the famous tapestry of Bayous it is well known that tbo ancient Viking vessels had these rows of shields all along tbe freeboard, but it was supposed that they were those used by the warriors in the strife, and placed there for convenience. It is now clear that they had only an ornamental purpose, being of very thin wood, not thicker than stiff paste board, and unable to ward of any serious hit from a sword. In the middle of the vessel a large oaken block, solidly fastened to the bottom, has a square hole for ihe ma?t, and several contrivances show that the mast was constructed for being laid down aft. Some [pieces of tow and a few shreds of wooded stuff, probably 1 the mainsail, were found here. In this I part of the vessel was built the funeral chamber, formed bv strons nlanks and beams placed obliquely against each other and covering a room of nearly fifteen feet square. Here, just as expectations were raised to the highest pitch, a bitter disap pointment awaited the explorers. Some body bad been there before them. Either in olden times, when the costly weapons of an entombed hero tempted the surviving warriors, or in some more rno lern period, when the greediness (or treasure was supremo in men's minds, the funeral hill had been desecrated, its contents pilfered I and dispersed, and what has been left is only due to tho haste and fear under j which the grave robbers had worked. A few human bones, some shreds of a sort of brocade, several fragments of bridles, saddles, and the like, in bronze, silver and lead, and.two metal buttonSj one of them with a remarkable representation of a cavalier with a lowered lance, are all lhat has been g-- t together from the heap 'f earth and peat filling the funeral chamber. On each side of it, however, were dis covered tbe bones of a horse and two or three honnds. In the forepart of the ship ivas found a lar e coppcr vessel, supposed to be the kitchen cauldron of the equipage, .uui.u.CKr.. v,, a i-.u.j.i. I and giving a most favorable proof nf that remote period's handicraft. Another iron vessel, with handles, and with the chains for hanging it over the fire, lay close to a number of small wooden drinking-cups. The detailed account of all these objects would claim too much space. 'It was origina'ly the intention to dig out the whole craft from the hill and transport it to the nie=eum at Christiania. A 1^-ge proprietor of the neiu'hb irhond. Mr. Treschow offered to pay the expense-. But on closer examination, and after con sultation with one of the Constructors of the Navy, it was considered unsafe to attempt such a dislocation. It is now the intention to leave the craft were it was found, &nd; to protect it against the influence of the weather by building a roof over the hill, only carrying to the mesenm at Christiania the stcall objects. The Government has at once consented to defray the expenses necessary for the purpose, ' As to the time when the tumu'us was thrown up, there is no doubt among the antiquarians that it dates from t1;e period termed the : Younger Iron Age,' distant from our day nearly a thousand years, or a little more. We shall ha\~ to carry our thoughts back to about the year 800, when Charlemagne was crowned l^ajpcror at Rome, but when Norway was still divided among the wild chieftains and sca-kings, vanquished towards the ninth century by the great Harold the Fair haired, the founder of the Norwegian State and Nation/' .Sir William Haecocht, in the oldr faBhioned country name I England, talk seriously of flogging all small boyc who persist jo throwing stoned at people iu railway trains, or et chesDUt treas in public packR to tbe anuoyance and danger of passers-by, or who break into orchards aud fruit gardens, disregarding tbe established rights of »}eum and tifiim Most sensible people say Sir 'Vyilliam liarcourt is right; it would be better If): the boys and tbeir elders too, Big boys in Australia, boys with spikelike hairs protruding from heavy jowls, with deep Sft eyes and straightened forehead', and mouths that vomit £Itli and blasphemy, commit outraged daily io Australia beside which the apple-stealing and stone-throwing of the little boys in Eng land seem offences or a very venia) type. Last week a Chinaman's eye was kicked out; an old orange man was knocked down and trampled on, three ribs broken; a witless dolt, was asked as to the time of night, he took out his watch, tbe inquirer snatched it, a friend tripped up tbc un fortunate's heels, and six more walked across hitn. . '1 hey are lively episodes in our otherwise tranquil existence. I'erhaps that is the reason we are Joth to be rid of them. Certainly if one should propose to cut them out with the cat, he weuld b : re? garded in many quarters as a deeper dyed villain' that one who should rob a blind man, or kick tbe crutches from a cripple. This sentimentality is a risky thing ; shall we ever grow out of it ? — ' Meddler' ip the Town and Country. A cheap country-seat— a stump. 