FETTEKOGRAPHIO VERSIFICATION. The selected words were:—Gain, Game, Gem, Ghost, Giant, Give, Gladness, Glee, Go, Gold, Good, Ground. We this week publish the following :— Some men may love a lady for her gold. And therefore cutely strive her hand to gain. But all < such love we know will soon go cold W hen v. ealth to give them joy will be but rain. Let those who will have flirts with gems and wealth. Give me the one that's true and has good health. G.ED. Come let U9 part with gladness this new year. And give ourselves and prospects one more cheer. And while our glee rnns high on matters weighty, Keep on tbe go till all is gone o( " Eighty." How much of good has fallen to our lot Our gain last year must never be forgot. And now tbe ground has borne its rich fruition, We want no gliost to flight us from our mission. Namely, to live and make our land a gem. Not grudging others, though the gold's with them, •\\\ ith giant hearts well face the worst and shun it. It shall be said we've played our game and won it, &.AHKAC. To till the ground the farmer toils, His bread and cheese to gain, But Goyder's ghost glides o'er his " line," With glee to check the rain. Poor " Cochy's" efforts are DO good. His gladness turns to gr ief, To Downer he must go, and pray That he will give relief. H some eiim giant of old times Would baffle Goyder's game. He'd well deserve the costliest gem, Australian gold could frame. GUMBOWIE BOY. Gihgebbeer.—To make gingerbeer, take of sliced ginger 4 ez., dried orange § oz., tie them in a bag and boil with 16 lb. of water.and strain; add | oz. of tartaric or citric acid, 25 drops of essence of lemon, and 24 oz. of loaf sugar. When sufficiently cold add 2 tablespoonfuls of fresh yeast, and bottle it. To make lemonade (not aerated), take of fresb lemon juioe 4 oz., fresh lemon peel \ oz., white sugar 4 oz., boiling water 3 pints; strain when cool. How to Wash-up Cold Meat.—Take some remains of roast or boiled meat, cut it in thin slices; mix a teacupfal of tepid water, a tablespoonful of flour msde into a smooth batter, half a teaspoonful of salt, a titblespoonful of melted butter, and the yolks of two eggs, well beaten np. When emootbly mixed, put it aside for several hours ; it will be all the better for standing all night. When about to be used beat up the whites of the two eg t,'8 snd stir them lightly into the batter, laying the slicrg of meat into boiling lard, having first covered them thickly with batter, and cook th^m a lightbrown. Be carefal that the pieces do not touch each other. When done, take up carefully with a skimmer and drain on a piece of paper. Alabm—His Reverence—"I was sorry not to see yon at church this eveniig, John T John—" Lor^ you fritens a body zo, Sir !"" His Reverence—" My mission is to alarm the unconverted, John." John—"'Tisa't (fort,Sir: you zed in your sarrornt this mornin' that 'twas no use trusting to the common tolas. and I Beyer plants no other soart ; so I've a-bin dovn to. tater-field to see 'oj they be lookin'. Mine be be all rieht, zo vur. Tou shouldn't friten a body zo, Sir.—Fen. 