OUli CITY LETTER. [From our own correspondent.] Adelaide, August 28. 1880. The excitement of the week has been the no-confidence debate. Although it was evi dent to any one acquainted witb appearances in the House very soon after it began that the Opposition would be in a minority, still throughout the afternoon, and until the close of the discussion, about eleven at night, the strangers' galleiy was crowded and the Speaker's gallery was full, gpveral members of- the Council being present, watching tlie proceed ings with very evident interest. The debate was throughout kept up with a fair amount of spirit, but it was evident even to the spectators that the whole affair was merely one of talk. It was of course perfectly fair of the Opposi tion to reuse a debate on the financial policy of the Government, in which it is not difficult to fiud weak points, but Mr. Br&j;, like Mr. Mann, is unfortunately not a good financier, and his speeeh was decidedly weak as a party attack. In fact, Mr.Bray hail no policy to propose iu'lieu o£ that of the 'Government, and Mr. Boss, who tlid really make a good speech; was. apparently nob prepared to put into plain words bis conversion to the neces sity for taxation which the resolution moved by Mr. Bray indicated; Mr. Ross had, how ever, an excelleut opportunity of exposing the blunders of the Treasurer, and he availed himself of it to the full. Mr. Mann has un doubtedly not managed the finances so well as he might, and the savings he claims to have made in purchasing rails when they were cheap, and the lucky hit he made in floating the last loan are but a poor set-off against admittedly serious mistakes, and a deficit of £175,000 which he does not seem prepared to to deal with in a statesmanlike manner. His ffebeme also of making his future finance policy the subject of electioneering speeches is to say the least scarcely a commendable or a dignified one. If taxation in his opinion i9 necessary, he ought not to have attempted to tide over the present session without bring ing his scheme before Parliament, and taking the opinion of the House upon it, and then facing the constituencies either with the scheme approved or disapproved by the re presentativ.es of .the people. Mr. Colton in the course of his speech referred to a variety of matters that had not much to do with finance, and attacked the public works policy of the Government. He also stated, what many will learn with regret, that even were the Government ouBted he would not take office, as he was physically unable for its cares and anxieties. Mr. J. Bounsevell and Mr. Hare supplied the comic element in tho de bate. The former being greatly exercised with some cock-and-bull story about the Government having bought bad iron, insured it over its value, and then plaeed it on board a leaky ship. ffis speech as a joke was in bad taste, but some people seem to think the member for Gumeraeha absolutely believed the story to be true. This, however, I can scarcely suppose possible, although my opinion of Mr. Boun aerell'a intelligence is not a very high one. The only really, good speech 011 the ministerial side' was that made by Mr. Hawker, which was at once dignified and complete as a de fence of his policy. It w»s. rery well received by the House and eren Mr. Boss paid him the i compliment of remarking that few men had \ ever filled the office as he had done. The de bate ended in the Government beirig in a ma jority - of eleven. It may, therefore,-now be presumed that the session will go calmly on to its close, and that as hon. members , are ; clearly anxious to visit the Melbourne Exhi bition, the. business .will, be wound up "as speedily as possible. , Some enthusiastic admirers of Mr. Strang ways have got into their heads the idea that no one but he can save the colony from the ruin which they think to be impending. They have, therefore, sent an invitation to that ; gentleman .to return and; 'become the saviour of South Australia. Most people, ..however, "think that Mr. Strangways has had quite ; enough of politics here, and will prefer to j remain .in London and orate at the,Colonial ; Institute. All your readers will, I feel sure, learn with regret that Mr.;. Charles Bonney, S.M.r who for so many years Jias filled with satisfaction to eveiy oae the duties of Inspector of Credit Selections: has been compelled by advancing | age and failing ^xeulfch. to reagn. that office. j Nothing is as yt t known as to his. probable aucceator. Mr. Hitchin has made the best of the position and accepted the office of Under Treasurer. It is saiil that circumstances - and not inclination compelled^him to this course. The very unpleasant scene which lately occurred between Mr. Commissioner Downer and Mr. C. 0/ Kingston is not to be allowed to rest. The Law Society has taken the , matter up, and at a meeting attended by twenty-six tnembereof theprofessionia letter was drawn up to be addressed to the Attorney General in the case, which, was adopted by fourteen votes to eleven, otffe of- the members present declining to Tote. . . This document calls the attention of the Attorney-General to the case, and urges that Mr. Downer in order ing Mr. Kingston into custody infringed the right of a barrister to free audience. No doubt the measure adopted by the Commis sioner was an extreme, and perhaps an inju dicious one, but scarcely .'any * lawyer in England could, I should think, be found to maintain that Mr. Downer aid not act within his rights, as it has in the old country always j been admitted that a judge could convict an advocate for a gross contempt of 43ourt, even j although.he were engaged in pleading a cause.. j It is sincerely to be hoped the affair will be at last settled amicably. The best friends of ; both parties can only wish , it had never ] occurred. I notice a most important matter was 1 brought' before ;the meeting . of .the Royal J Agricultural and Horticultural Society yester- j day. The Chairman drew attention .to a 1 paragraph which..has.appeared in the A.ustra- \ lasian with respect to a new sort of wheat i called reel, which is attracting great attention , in America just- now. It will live and thrive I in ground so diy that other cereals would i perish. . It is said to be able to stand an eight months' drought, and besides this, is unaffec ted by the attacks of insects. ~^*The grain, which is somewhat smaller than that of corn, yields a. fine and . very; nutritions flour,' and makes an excellent food for cattle, "its cost of cultivation also is much less thin that of maize, wheat, rye, or.oats. It contains 7 per cent, more starch and oily matter than wheat. Beci;«qpioa. Jto be. jus,t jfte. thing for our far northern, areas, and our.farmers should keep a lopkaaton it. Surely^ supplies of seed could be obtained without difficulty from Ameacai -- . -' .: - - * - - The Government, instigated thereto by the Yignerons Club, have lately interviewed Mr. Stimson, a well-known Canadian colonist who is at present in Adelaide, - in order to induce him on his return to inove the,Dominion Government, to reduce their duties on wine, so as to open a market for the produce of South Australian vineyards. Mr. Stimson, who has.been much delighted with our vin tages,.bas promised to. ftbi. his. best,, and the Chief Secretary has at his -suggestion addressed a formal communication to the Canadian Go vernment on the subject.' Our wines, espe cially the more full bodied varieties! would be well suited to Canada ; they would, however, meet with severe competition from the American wines of.a sii&Uar; character, Every colonist will have learnt with joy that it is reported in'England on good authority that the Prince and Princess of Wales intend to visit the Melbourne- Exhibition, and that H.M.S. Serapis is being fitted up for their voyage. They will of course make the tour of the colonies, :visiting Adelaide among other places. "Wherever the Royal couple go in Australia they may make sure of a loyal wel come, and certainly none more hearty than the one they will receive here. Mr. L. G. Madley, the principal of the Training College, left for England to-day by j the Potosi. He looks very much shaken, and sadly in need of rest; but his medical adviser j I am informed expresses an opinion that there j is- no doubt the voyage will completely restore j him to health, as there is no organic disease 1 of the heart as was at first-feared to be the 1 case. Last night two addresses were pre- j aented to Mr. Madley, but from his weak state j of health only two or three .persons on each ; occasion were present. -One was from the | officers of the Volunteer Military force, of I which Mr. Madley has been a most active member; .and the other, which waB beautifully bound and illuminated, was from the officers and brethren of the United Tradesmens Lodg$ 1 of Freemasons, of which Mr. Madley was only I two months, ago. installed as master. Both I expressed sympathy with him in his illness, j and an earnest wish for his speedy recovery. August 30. Within the last few days several old colo nists have passed away, among others Mr. Judah Moss Sioiomon. The news of the death of the well-known Chairman of the Destitute Board, which is announced this morning was not unexpected. He has been suffering for some past from an internal cancer, end for several weeks has been gradually sinking. His sufferings were terrible, but were borne with fortitude. Mr. Solomon ariived in Ade laide in 1838, but soon left again for Brisbane, then known as Moreton Bay, where he entered into business as an auctioneer. In 1847 he returned to Adelaide, and joined his uncle, the late Mr. Emanuel Solomon, in the same line of business. He soon began to take an interest in political and civic affairs, and by his energy and capacity for business came rapidly to the front. In 1852 he was elected one of the Aldermen for the city, and in the following year contested the representation of West Adelaide, but unsuecesfully. In 1854 he returned to' England, but came back to Adelaide and entered againinto business about three years later. In. 1858 . he entered Par liament as one of the representatives for the city, and subsequently was for several years a member of the Legislative Council. After a stay of Bome years in Victoria, between 1861 arid 1867, he returned again to Adelaide, and in 1869 was elected Mayor, in which capacity he remained for two years, taking a most active part in municipal affairs. On the retirement o£ Mr. Heed, the Chairman o£ the Destitute Board, Mr. Solomon, who had for several years been a member of that body, and had taken an active interest in its work, was selected to fill the vacant office. Until within a fortnight of his death he performed his I duties with untired energy and zeal, and his loss to the public service will not easily be supplied. Mr. Solomon -was twice married, and leaves a numerous family. His second wife predeceased him. He is to be buried this afternoon. ' ' A young man named Fernandez -was arrested on Saturday afternoon when attempting -to leave Adelaide for the steamer PotosL He - had for some time been engaged as-^a teacher in Mr. Whinham's school, :bnt left his gitua-. tion a few days ago. He had-sinceheen lisjiig at the Imperial Hotel; afoid he is now adcusfed of forging the name of Mr. Head to a draft ■for a large amount; "and also that 'of^:Mir.< Whinham to a cheque. ' He will, I believe, be brought before Mr. Beddome this morning' The Australian Eleven are pwmngV? un fortunate. Mr. SpofPorfch is stilLainable. to play and is forbidden to appear in, the- Uasich against the All-England Eleven \ which Will' deprive it of much of it? interest. Mr.iSljght also is laid up, and Mr. Bannerman was Tin-? ju^ed by the ball in the match bfetweeir-the Eleven and Eighteen of Stecfcpbrty which; hnB ended on Saturday in the defeats of ;'the:J Australians by more than ■ ninety runs. A defeat tinder such adversecirciinisfcaQees is however no disgrace. \- Mr. Pepper the -well-known lecturer, who since 'be left the Polytechnic in LoMon, where his celebrated ghost-illusion •waa^nrat' introduced, has been delighting audiences in?*' America and the Colonies, has arrived in Ade laide. and will deliver his opening lectarf to» . night the subject being "Spectrum.Analysis."; The apparatus belonging to Mr, 3*epper te*1 xeally splendid, and such as is seldd'ta'Sben on the platform, even iri'Eneland. He intends to remain about three .weeks herft add will no doubt be favored with large ^ audiences. The Government have made arrangehiinte^ with him give a Buries o£ populSiv tenures in the afte*fio6n-to school children. :This is as it should be, and from-past 'experience can say that few men are betted " fitted than Mr. Pepper to give a really attractive/ishd; affl the same time useful, sciencevJecttire to children. fr 