BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTERS. H. Enoch Arden could have dropped down in Brooklyn on Monday last he would have been disgusted with himself, and have committed suicide; for a man turned up here after an absence of forty years, not a poor, worn-out skeleton, a sort of Attenuated Tanner, but a good, wholesome paunchy citizen, with a corporation on him like a London alderman, and a plethoric sack withal, wherein was suf- ficient ducats to keep the pot boiling for many years to come. In the year 1840, a young gentleman named Phillips fell in love with a pretty young girl by the name of Jane How- ard, whose father was well endowed with gilders and houses and lands. It is not to be supposed that these mercenary advantages made Jane look less lovely in the eyes of young Phillips. A son and heir crowned their wedded love; yet, strange to say, the young husband did not receive the news with that unqualified satisfaction that one might naturally expect, for that very night, August 7th, 1841, Mr. Phillips was seen to step out of his back door-and for all practical and legal purposes, except in deed for life assurance—that was the last of Mr. Phillips. The morgue was visited every day for months, and the river was dragged from Atlantic Dock to Harlem in the hope of finding his REMAINDERS, but no remainders were to be found. Somebody suggested that the eels might have got him and devoured him all but his boots. Then a fisherman remembered that the sea- serpent, which for many years has been cruising off Sandy Hook, had been seen the day before Phillips' disappearance, and the presumption was that if he had jumped overboard from a ferry boat, that the sea-serpent had undoub- tedly got him. At all events, he was gone. The police were notilied; notices were put in the papers, a reward of twenty-five dollars stimulating the sluggish powers of the detec- tive force, to restore him to his weeping wife and disconsolate family, either dead or alive. Enoch Arden was not yet born from the poet's brain, but Mrs. Phillips had undoubtedly heard of the return of scallawag husbands after many years of absence, so not wishing to be caught in any bigamous trap, she wore her widow's weeds for ten long years, and at last accepted the heart and hand of Mr. Henry Wiggins. Twenty-five happy years she was Mr. Wiggins' wife, and live yours ago she passed to '' that bourne from whence no traveller returns." Mr. Wiggins took charge of his wife's estate, and everything ran smoothly for nearly five years, when who should suddenly reappear but the identical Phillips, who had been dead and buried for nearly forty years. The ghost had evidently been well fed, and the mermaids down below had filled his pouch, for it is said that imme- diately on his return he deposited fifty thou- sand dollars in the bank the result of his forty years' cruise. He is at present living with his son, who is a physician in excellent practice, and as far as known, he has not yet disclosed the cause of his sudden departure. nor the place of his sojourn for nearly half a century. It never rains but it pours, and almost on the same day of the arrival of Mr. Phillips, Mr. Theophiltis Youngs turns up, whom we mourned as dead for more than a decade. Mr. Youngs has been absent for over ten years, and from present appearances, no extra crape would have been put on their hats if he had not come back at all. A large estate had been left to two brothers, Theo- philus and Henry Youngs. Theophilus sud- denly disappeared one day in 1870, and in due course of time the widow sought to ad- minister on his share of the estate for her children. This was resisted on the ground that his brother was not dead, and now after years of litigation, the dead man turns up, and what makes the affair more complicated is that the wife denies the new comer is the husband of her heart, and he vows that he would rather undergo another ten years of exile than have an interview with the stout old lady whom he once thought the embodi- ment of his " love's young dream." The City of Churches is in a fever. Not withstanding the hot weather, and the ab- sence of all the star preachers, tremendous temperance meetings are being held, which bring back the memory of the Moody and Sankey days. A new clause in the licence law has been discovered in Brooklyn, and the Excise Com- missioners have resolved to permit no more licenses for the sale of lager beer or ale, and that the license granted for the sale of liquor shall not be less than 250,000 dols. The Dutch are indignant. The saloon keepers met last week, and such a storm as they raised has not been seen in the present gene- ration. Hancock and Garfield are for the present lost sight of, and "lager or no lager that's the question." Millions, with anxious hearts, await the solution of the problem. A most ingenious robbery was perpetrated here on Monday last, a prominent politician being the victim. In company with a well known physician, he had been to dine with some friends, and the after dinner liquids being stronger than cold water, the legs of the politician were unequal to the task of carrying their master home. The doctor had all the load he could conveniently carry, and when his friend tumbled down all in a heap, he succeeded in finding a friendly negro, who for a consideration, consented to accompany him home. They had not pro- ceeded very far when Sambo and his charge went down in the gutter together. At last they arrived at home. It was then dis- covered that the drunken politician had been robbed of a diamond pin and a diamond ring, valued at about five hundred dollars. Next day our colored brother was arrested, and in his possession were found the pawn tickets for both articles. So up goes Sam to Sing sing. The weather has been remarkably cool for August the " oldest inhabitant" not remem- bering the like. We need look for little peace for the next two months, for the political gong has again commenced to beat, and Garfield and Han- cock rule the hour. the big hotel at Rockaway Beach, which tlike he rod of Aaron is expected to swallow up all the rest, has at last got under way. The proprietors have had a hard time of it for the past three weeks, and a few days ago it was not at all certain that the workmen would not burn it to the ground. Better counsels prevailed, and finally some capita- lists came to the rescue of the impecunious concern, and it will open to the public at once. The Churches are all being furbished up, and a fresh crusade will commence against the—in the course of a couple of weeks. The Theatres are not idle, and the pros- pects are that even the sinners will not be without their amusements during the fall and winter season. The Fifth Avenue Theatre has not closed its doors, Hazel Kirke being now in the sixth month of its representa- tion. It is a beautiful piece, magnificently performed, and deserves its great success. Business is excellent, and money plenty. Every few days when you take up the news- paper, you see an account of the exodus of young boys who are going West to fight the Indians. They have read for months the villainous literature with which the country is flooded, till they gradually begin to think that there is nothing so noble or so much to be desired as a life of adventure among the Indians, or bold feats upon the highway. If this thing were confined to the wild hood- looms of the streets, it would not be at all surprising; but, unfortunately, the mania has taken hold of the young sons of some of our best families, and it is almost time that Anthony Comstock turned his attention in that direction. You have frequently heard me speak of the river pirates; and people who live away from these great centres of crime are apt to suppose that they are a dark, mysterious race, who move about only under the cover or night, and who shun the light of day. Nothing can be further from the fact. The haunts of the river pirates, and their homes are just as well known to the police as Tri- nity Church or the City Hall. Along Green- wich-street, West-street, a portion of Wash- ington-street, and the little streets that cross tthem, the haunts of the most desperate river pirates and masked burglars are to be found. They all own boats, and during the daytime many of them serve as sailor boarding house runners, boarding vessels against the remon- strance of the captains and officers, and car- rying the crews off bodily to their hells, where they are made crazy with the vilest of rum, thoroughly debauched, fleeced of their hard earnings, and then, while drunk, sold to some out-going ship master who is in want of a crew. Laws have been enacted for their pro- tection, officers have been appointed by the Government to administer them, but still the iniquity goes on. The river theived form a guild among themselves, and are generally men who have followed the water for a liv- ing, and who also have served a term or two in states prison. As a class, they are the most desperate thieves we have, and they think no more of taking human life than they do of shooting a dog. They seldom at- tack vessels on moonlight nights, but wait till the weather is dark and stormy, and then they hold high carnival. If detected they fight, and if beaten they leap into their boats, fighting desperately as they retreat, and escape under the cover of the darkness. None but the most desperate and determined men undertake this business, and from their ranks have come most of the masked bur- glars who have kept the river towns in terror for the past fifteen years. If you want to get a sight of the river thieves, don an old ragged suit, the more dilapidated the better, and stroll along Greenwich-street, and down the little streets which lead from it to the river. Near midnight is the best time, when the nights are fair and bright, for at those times he abandons himself to drinking and dissipation, but when the weather is foul and the night is dark, he never touches liquor, for it might make his hand unsteady when he fires the fatal shot which kills, or it might muddle his brain when he needs a cool head, and so at these times he never drinks. But just take a peep into the pirate's favo- rite haunt :—The cellar is low, and it has a sort of damp, clammy smell, almost like the atmosphere of a tomb, modified to a certain degree by the clouds of tobacco smoke, and the fumes of the most villainous whiskey. Seated around in various parts of the room, are men who evidently belong to the grand army of tramps, and who sit there only by sufferance. Around several tables at the back of the room sit men playing cards, deeply intent on the game. In various parts, scattered around among the tables, are gau- dily dressed women, whose bloated faces and blearing eyes tell unmistakably the story of live-long dissipation, of which they have reached the last and most degraded stage. Here it is that the unwary sailor is lured in, drugged and robbed; and he is fortunate if, after being stripped of everything, he finally escapes with his life. Towards midnight, when the law says they shall close their doors, the fun grows fast and furious; a party of drunken sailors have come in; a fid- dler strikes up a tune, and Jack leads his partner to the floor; they jig, join hands, cross over, and as the dance goes on, the mania seems to catch the card-players in the rear; they start up from the table, and each seizes a partner aud rushes wildly into the dance; the tramps who were crouching on the sides oi the room, start up and dance to each other; and after a scene of madness which baffles description, three wild cheers and a tiger wind up the orgie, and the whole party, tramps and all, adjourn to the bar to take a drink, for which poor Jack invariably pays. This accounts for the reason why the tramps were allowed a shelter for the time, as they help to swell the receipts of the bar every time there is a general treat. At midnight the doors are closed, but by this time the place is crowded, and business has only fairly commenced. Sometimes the most des- perate fights occur, when knives and pistols aro used, and blood is spilled, but the "fi- nest police in the world " never hear it till after the light is over, and no matter how desperate the injury, these men never seek redress in the Courts. The red right hand settles their difficulties, and even when wounded to death, they seldom let the authorities know who gave the fatal blow or shot. The subject of river pirates was forced upon me this week by the death of a man who had figured along our river front for the last 20 years. He was well- known to the police and the courts, as one of the most desperate and successful pirates on the river, Still he seldom appeared before the courts, except in cases of drunkenness and assault, for his robberies were so skillfully concealed and so boldly accomplished that he always escaped conviction, a few brief terms in the penitentiary and one in the states-prison, being all he suffered for his crimes Large stores line the river on the Brooklyn side, and among them is one entitled " Martin's Stores," not far from Wall-street Ferry. One night, about six years ago, the watchman discovered some robbers in the act of steal ing some goods from the wharf; a running tight ensued, and the unfortunate watchman was killed. He was discovered a few mi- nutes before lie died, and as he knew the river thief well, he told the police who shot him. The pirate, not knowing that the dying man had lived long enough to tell the story of his murder, appeared next day in his usual haunts, when he was apprehended and tried for murder. The whole of the thieving fraternity on the river came to his assistance; thousands of dollars were raised, the case was tried, and he was convicted of wilful murder, and sentenced to be hanged. On some technicality, the case was carried to the Supreme Court, and a new trial ordered, and on the secoad trial he was convicted of murder in the second degree, and sentenced to states-prison for life. No criminal in the State of New York ever escaped the gallows who deserved it so well; and one morning the city was startled by the intelligence that Gov. Tilden had pardoned him. He came down from states-prison on Christmas eve, and invitations had been sent out to all the thieves and pirates along the river. Whiskey flowed like water, and tobacco was in abun- dance all through the night and far into the next day the wild orgie was continued; and no policeman dared venture near while the pirates " held the fort." He took to his old profession on the river, and followed it up to the day of his death, which occurred last week, closing the chapter of one of the most villainous lives to be found in the annals of crime. The week has been marked by a sudden rise in mining stocks, and almost as sudden a fall. For a day or two there was a jump all along the lines, but suddenly the "bears" made a dash; the "bulls" hauled in their horns, leaving the " bears" masters of the field. The plain facts are that people are afraid of all kinds of mining securities, and though the members of the General Stock Board, as a general thing under ordinary cir- cumstances, might be considered first-class liars, yet when it comes to lying for the jack knife," the Mining Brokers will always be the victors, and the reason is that the ordi- nary broker only lies by ear, but the mining sharp lies by note. The first of September is the regular ope- ning of the oyster season, and the rush to Fulton Market is somewhat terrific. The oyster trade which a score of years ago, amounted to only a few thousand dollars, is now looking up towards the millions and is an important part of our trade. The shipments of wheat, flour, cattle, but- ter, and provisions of all kinds have been un- commonly heavy, and the imigration still keeps pouring in. We have a change in the weather at last, and the past few days have been delightfully cool. The opening of the fall fashions at all our great dry goods stores has also been one of the events of the week. I will not attempt to tell you what Miss Flora M'Flimsey is going to wear, but suffice it to say, when she gets it all on " Solomon in all his glory " will not be like unto her. Yours, truly, BROADBRIM. The Learmonth correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes:—"It is pleasant to note that al- though the sad news of a stunted growth in the crops about Learmonth, Windermere, and Weatherboard has to be chronicled-in each of which places the plough has had its use unfortu- nately in the turning up of land in crop—it is not quite so bad all over the district, Coghill's Creek being an exception. Throughout this neighbourhood, where there is a great and ap- parently thriving variety of cereals in the ground, the frost it would appear has not affec- ted them to the serious extent noticeable in other places, In parts where the land was cold from over moisture during the wet season, prin- cipally low-lying country, the stunted growth and dirty nature of the crop would incline one to the opinion that in a great many places the crop if not ploughed in will most likely never see maturity, the probability being that it will be mostly cut for hay. At the Springs and neighbourhood the same discouraging appear- ances prevail as at some of the above places, this season showing an uncommonly dirty growth, the crop itself in many places being very backward. This locality has suffered mostly from the same causes as have produced such bad appearances elsewhere, viz., over growth of rubbish, which could not be kept down, most of the ground during this high mois- ture becoming saddened afterwards. There was no warmth in the seed bed, successive frosts that did most destruction in places that looked best, and were most advanced. At the time, where the land was not too dirty or low-lying, the late rains have done much good. A man named James Corigan has been found dead in the Thomson, near Walhalla. 