MINGBURNE. Hark how the ghost of Mingburne screams At midnight! the hour of fear, And see the fisherman counting his breams Quakes as the sounds draw near. The dusty cloud is Mingburne's field, Where he plucks the berries so sere; And he follows the foe with a shadowy shield, And strikes with a shadowy spear. Like a streamlet his briny tear drops flow, And wildly he screams in vain, As he looks from his cloud and sees below The whitefellow hunting his plain. " You brought me," he cries, and. he shakes his fist, " You brought me the Bible and flask, And my heroes melted like morning mist When they touched your death-dealing cask. You gave us the promise, you preferred the book Containing the ten commands, You told us never to steal, and you took By stealth or by force our lands. Your myrmidons Bhot as like dingoes wild, And poisoned the bread they gave ; And many a hero, mother, and child Sought refuge from you in the grave. Your Scripture readers came here and they read, The grog sellers came and they plied Their fatal calling, and proselytes made ; For we listened, we drank, and we died. But the end is near, your crime is complete, And you are now aged and lone ; And soon mnst you stand at the judgment seat Of Him on the great white throne. Penitence only can save you now 1 Let your eyes look up and your hearts relent; Hear my warnings before you go ; Gold laden tyrants repent-repent!" GRASSIE. NEW AMERICAN CANAL.-A water way of great importance to the West ern States is proposed, by which a through inland communication will be obtained between the G-ulfof St: Law rence and the Gulf of Mexico. By this route Lake Michigan will be con nected with the Mississippi by a canal deep enough to accommodate vessels of 2,500 to 2,800 tons burden, and Chicago will be placed in a position to ship produce to New Orleans and South America. The first instalment of this great scheme consists in the en largement of the present canal that ex ists already between Chicago and Joliet. a distance of thirty-three miles. At this latter place it meets the navi gation of the DesplainB and Illinois rivers, which will be adapted to the new requirements by a system of locks and darns. The third section is also to a great extent provided for, and we only require attention and improve ment in the Illinois river between La Salle and Grafton, a distance of 277 miles. On the whole canal there will be seventeen locks,-each 350ffc. long by 75ft. wide, and about twenty dans, and the cost of the whole is estimated at 18,196,918dol. Not only will entirely new outlets be given to a vast field of produce, but the reduction of freight on bulky goods will, it is considered, soon recoup this expenditure. BY a singular irony of fate, the Bul garians are bitterly upbraiding Mr. Glad stone for attempting to carry oat the Treaty of Berlin, which he so fiercely de nounced when in Opposition. No Bul garian wishes to see Greece extended in any direction ; and the dread of this was a mania with the Czar Nicolas, who had an equal dislike to the erection of small independent States in Turkey-a dislike even greater than an Austrian statesman grimly expressed for a Piedmont at the foot of the Carpathians. Bulgaria is not awaiting the decision of the Conference. Bussian arms and Bussian soldiers are being gradually poured into the country, just as they were poured into Servia a few years back. Surely there is some truth in the paradox that whenever there is a Congress to secure peace, and much prate about disarmament, there is sure to follow very shortly a big European war. It was so in 1851, 1869, and 1875, and may be so in 1880. THE NABCISSUS.-The name of this flower is derived from the Greek word narlce for stupor, on account of the dan gerous effects produced upon the nerves by the odour of even the least perfumed varieties. For this reason Narcissus was consecrated to the Furies, who, it was said, used it for the purpose of stupefying those whom they wished to punish. There are not far short of 90 species known, of many of which there are several varieties, so that the lover of the flower has an immense range of choice. Amongst the Narcissi are included the Jonquils, Polyanthus, the "Hooped Petti coat;" the Poet's Narcissus, and several others. They belong to the natural order Amaryllidcffi, and are of the easiest culture ; 'indeed so easy are they of growth in this colony that they become almost a weed in the gardens. The Double Boman Narcissus flowers in about four months, so that bulbs planted in the beginning of April will be in blossom about the beginning of July, and bulbs put in from the beginning of March until the end of August will keep up a succession of these elegant flowers until November, if the later-planted bulbs are kept in a sheltered place. About March is the. time for sowing seeds for new varieties, but, unless for sending away, the seeds are scarcely worth rais ing, because the bulbs increase so rapidly. The flowers of all the species are either white or yellow. The name Jonquil is derived from juncus, rush. In Europe the varieties of Narcissi are cultivated often in pots. A FIRM in Heading, Penn., whioh uses the yolks of thousands of eggs in tanning kid, has _ put in operation a steam, egg beater, having a capacity of 20,000 eggs. The tank, made of cedar, is two and a half feet in dia meter and two and a half in height, contains two revolving rakes, bevel wheels, and pinions, running in opposite directions. A CENTENARIAN died at Hill Farm, in the parish of Stoke Prior, near LeominBter, in May. His name was Thomas Smith, and he bad been in the employment of one family for move than 50 years. He did agricultural work until he was 91 yeais of age. 