WATTES!© AND HOPING. ?fBv Jessamine.) Charter L'-iToLD in the Gloaming. Oh f of Sunday night, For/Sunday iu the gloaming; Oh, JTor Sunday night, .;? '. Sunday's a long time coming, It was on a bright Spring evening a short time before the sun would set.;.. the birds were twitting through the leafy boughs of the trees, while their sweet distant notes filled the air, so balmy and bo fresh, as it blew over from a little, seaport town only a few .miles distant, and the golden light that flooded- hill and dale, and the bright sunbeams that danced so gaily over the little babbling -brook, enhanced the peace and beauty of all aronriil ? Two young people were strolling along by the side of the brook before mentioned, and had nearly come to the little rustic bridge all wreathed, over, with ivy and flowers, which elicited the admiration of strangers. These were a youtfr'and a maiden, for both were very young;' but perhaps I should be describing them more .correctly if I called them a young man and a maiden, for the girl could not have passed more than nineteen summers, whilst her . companion, with his grave white broad brow, and deep earnest thoughtful eyes, must have been at least two or three and twenty. I do not know that I heed further describe them at present. The girl was fair, as are many other maidens of her age — fair in the general accepta tion of the word ; that is, she had masses of nut-brown air (so often extolled by the poets) straying over her white neck and sloping shoulders, and soft bluish-grey eyes with long drooping lashes.: Add to this that she had a 'slight stylish figure, somewhat under the medium height, and a slender arched instep, with small child-like hands and feet, and yon will have a fair jjieture of what Ruby Sylvester was in her nineteenth year. As for her friend — as she would have informed you he was, if you bad asked her who was walking beside her — Basil Graham, it is only needful to say that he was of middle height, and of a slender build, and that the chief beauty of his manly face consisted in the marvellous depth and expres sion of his ilne dark eyes, and the fascination' and winning cast of his countenance, the lower, part of which was bidden by bis fine silky moustache, and beard growing on his chin Yes, this, dear reader, was, as I have said before, Ruby Sylvester, strolling along by the pleasant surroundings of Brooklyn (as the place was called some said from the near vicinity of the rattling chattering brook in its midst) out on an evening ramble ; and the other was her friend, as I have said she termed him, Basil Graham Ruby's pretty brow would contract, and the red lip — red. as her name suggested — be curled ever so slightly at the least-insinuation - . * of donbt as to the relation in which Basil, stood; to her as she would answer somewhat haughtilyr 'Yes, of course he is my friend; what else do you snpposehe should be. to me?*' tFof^ r'de, amounting almost to scornfulnesB, was, regret to have to state it, one of Kuby Sylvesters, worst besetting sins. Ruby had only come to Brooklyn a few weeks previously on a visit to some friends of hers, and there, while enjoying herself to the utmost during the fair sweet days of Spring ,at picnics, parties, and pleasant gatherings, and long rambles in the fair fields beyond? she had also met Basil Graham, who happened to be living for a time with the Tyndals, and who even in that short time had contrived somehow* to throw a wondrous halo round the life and surroundings of our Buby, though she wist not of it as yet, and would not have owned to it for the world, although sweet contradictoriness of nature; she caught. herself wondering what made the earth seem so fair? and never stopped to question, herself aa to the cause of its beint suddenly darkened when Basil had been obliged to be absent for nearly a week from home, not . ? the pleasant ' sensation that made her feel at* Ponderously glad on bis return. No, we say she never paused, to question all -these sent) mentis -as yet Ah, Ruby, Ruby, has you ?- woman's heart not awakened yet ? And has i! only faintly began to stir and yearn towards its a^j^aflagt^gjf-^ W«» rfm.ll -**- Perhaps if 'r«xpfiin a-littie farther my readers will not be quite so puzzled to account for little Ruby 'is strange waywardness. Two years ago, t hen, when it would almost appear that Ruby could not have been any thin £ beyond a child herself,- her heart and hand bad been sought and: won by a dashing young Lieutenant in the Army, who seemed in Ruby'.' admiring eyes to be little short of a hero, am' who in those blissful halcyon days of devotion and first love professed an undying constancy and attachment to the fair object of his admi ration, and had he not soon after been ordered abroad doubtless all would have been well, an- this story of Basil and Ruby perhaps unwritten.' But fate seemed to decree it otherwise. Normal Arnold was, ordered abroad, but it was not until Ruby and he had plighted their faiti to-each other,' and the consent of her parents been obtained for their union on Norman'* return should he ever be spared to come back and so with many tears on Baby's part — for i* was hard to part with her 'bright-haired soldier boy,' as she sometimes playfully termed Norman, for fe'uby was never scornful to him, never other than sweet and gentle, as every true woman bhould be to her lover — and no; without cansiderable emotion on that of th- young man himself, Norman and Ruby parted, while in the little gold locket that her own small hands had clasped round his neck was a picture of pretty roguish Ruby in one of her happiest moods, and the other side a lock of her own sunny waving hair, while on the slender white finger of Ruby gleamed a pretty gold ting set in ophals ; and once the little maiden had flashed out quite impatiently because Mrs. Sylvester bad happened to remark, 'I wonder at Norman selecting opals, my love; do you not know that they are proverbially unlucky.' 'What nonsense, Mamma ! I am sure that I wonder most at you for crediting sucb ' absurdities.' But the next moment, although the proud lij bad been curled so scornfully, and the grej . eyes flashed, there had come such a look of unutterable woe into the young face, as the quick 'tear suffused her eyes, that her mothe was touched, and repented the next instant of her careless words, as she had taken her in he; arms and cried, 'Forgive me, darling ; I ough to have known better than to have hinted a? what I might have known would perhaps griev* yon. Believe me, Buby, my child, I only spok. in a jest. You know I never in my heart givt credence to any such foolishness.' And Ruby had sobbed out, ''I know it ie very silly, mamma ; but, oh, if anything were to come between Norman and I, I should die, I am sure of it.' Mrs. Sylvester could scarcely keep from a smile. People do not usually die of broker hearts at seventeen or eighteen, as she weli knew, but for t&uby;'s sake she repressed it, and she replied somewhat gravely, ' Nay, say not 80, my poor child; what is there that could possibly -come between you and Norman bu; falseness of faith ! and I am sure my buby is far too wise and sensible, besides being too much her mother's child to esteem «r love any one that could do that. Understand me, dear. I am. not hinting at such a. thing for a moment. I am only supposing ; am I not right, Ruby ?' 'Perfectly, mamma,' and the dainty head was raised, . and once more the gray eyes flashed, as she stamped her loot; 'I should scorn and despise anything false, mamma; I could not help it, it is my nature.' - 'That is my own ..Ruby,' answered her mother. ' I would mot have you otherwise for the world.' '; But if Norman shonld die, mamma,' and Buby^s.lips quivered and her voice faltered. 'Then, though my darling would grieve, it -would iiot be as though she had no hope, and I am sure in time iip!:!Would learn to kiss the rod, and submit henpf;?|fco her heavenly Father's will, and at length learu to rejoice tha' he beloved one was safe in the Heavenly Home.' And so Rubly suffered herself to be com forted, little dreaming that the future would echo back her mother's words. So this was the reason, dear reader, why it came to pass that Ruby always spoke of charming, fascinating Basil Graham {as the girls called Mm) as ' only a friend, and 'would' not own to herself how pleasant and bewitching were his attentions, and all connected with him, but was fain to believe that all the gladness and content which* seemed tqi-tin$ life's sky with such a roseate tinge were 'all'co wing to charms of the place. Norman ' had been away for nearly two years ..from her now, and though at; first his letters kadbeen frequent; and breathing nothing but the fervour of his heart's young love and truest devotion, yet after a time they seemed to come less frequent, and gradually to dwindle, although those that did come seemed to all intents and purposes as loving -and constant as ever ; then by-and-bye there was a longer silence, and Ruby — bright sunbeam Ruby, as her loving brother Albert, two years younger used fondly to style her — grew thin and pale. Mrs. Sylvester tried by every means to comfort her, by suggesting that Norman might be ill, or the letters gone astray, as it is so easy to do in those foreign out of the way places ; but it must be confessed she had some misgiv ings herself. They knew so little of Norman Arundel, as she confided to her friends, and the engagement had been so very sudden, much too sudden it must be confessed, to be altogether quite pleasing to Ruby's parents, who scarcely held that such veritable children as Norman and Ruby (for truth compels me to state that the youth was only nineteen himself at thetime of his departure for India with his regiment) still they could not bear to thwart their darling sunny-haired Ruby, who would doubtless have sorrow enough by-and-bye, as we all sooner or later must, and so they consented. But when after a time no tidings at all came from Norman, and some months slipped away, Ruby's mother began to feel her worst fears confirmed, and as Ruby grew still more pale and wan, gliding about the old house just like some little ghost, so her fond father said, both he and his wife after consulting together, decided to persuade Ruby to accept a pressing invitation that had lately been sent her from some friends at Brooklyn. ,: (*O BE CONTINUED.) 