PROFESSOR PEPPER. Last night Professor Pepper gave the second of liis series of scientific lectures, continuing his very inter esting remarks 911, and beautiful illustrations of "Light and Optics." The hall was fairly filled, and ninoDg those present was Mrs. IV eld and tho Misses Welu. the Professor is perfectly at home as a lecturer ; it is liis forte, and no wonder he has done so much to popularise science among the masses. Ho appears to possess an inexhaustible fund of information, anil has a most felicitous manner of imparting it to his auditors. Thero is not an atom of "dryness" about him. In the middle of some explanation of a scientific fact, he introduces an appropriate story, or refers to some well-known name in the scientific world, or recites some well-known poem, as ho did last night, in an admirable manner, portions of Scott's "Lay of the Last Minstrel." Then, in addition, there aro curious and : wonderfully instructive experiments, which enlighten the understanding more than all the talking, nnd with which the Professor and his assistants, notably his son, nro thoroughly au fail. Thus the wrapt attention of the audience is retained from beginning to end, and everybody realises at the close how many really valuable facts he has become acquainted with, anil what a delightfully pleasant evening hehasgpentwithoutonemoiricntof weariness.' Such an entertainment deserves to be patronised by the entire community, and as tho scalo of prices are to be reduced from to-night, we hope to see the hall crowded at every lectnre. Intellectual treats of this kind in this city are few and far be tween, anil should not be lost. Last night tho Pro fessor began by alluding to tho logic of science, anil by a very Bimple experiment with iodine and mer cury. lie showed how light affects colour. Tlieu ho; went on to speak of persistence of vision, about which lie had something to say in his first lecture, and illustrated it witli a scries of most elaborate reflections, introducing, besides tho dancing skele ton and the " creeping liorrorB," somo very pretty designs. He also showed how, by the depth of shadows, tho illuminating power of lamps can bo accurately ascertained, thus illustrating the science of photometry. He greatly amused tho audience with tho "shadow pantomime," which ho stated was invented by him many years age, and which wo often see in pantomimes now. There were OMtmvns uuu oumiuivs aiuuu ; iiiuiiuuiusa shadows and shadows that went through most fantastic movements, jumping up to tho ceiling and iloivu again, and eliciting great laughter. Then came some instructive experiments 011 the laws of reflec tion, in the course of which I10 explained "The- Ghost," by saying that it was a highly illuminated machine placed in front of a plate of glass, with tho spectre as far behind tho glass as tho real object is in front of it. " Tho Ghost, in fact," said the Professor, "is the spectre of a real existence in a place where it is not, and if I talked for an hour I coulil not explain it better." The oxhydrogen kaleidoscope, was also brought into use, aud the most curious figures were projected on the screen. The re sults obtained by the insertion of the Professor's finger, a key, a comb, a feather, aud a slide, called the "cabinet of jewels" were very amusing and very pretty. With a still more remarkable slide, in vented by the Rev. R. Pilliiugton, the legs anil arms of boys ilew about most mysteriously; bodies attached themselves to legs aud arms ; heads and waistcoats came forward ; then more legs, arins, and waistcoats ; the audience, all tho time, laugh ing heartily. The last experiment was to show that light can be reflected from liquids, as well as solids. A stream of water was allowed to pass out of a reservoir, or tank, and as it descended into a tub, it shone like molten metal, then changed to blue, red, and back again to white ; while, as Mr. Pepper cut the stream with liis lingers, stars seemed to drop out. Aftor the lecture there was' "The Visit to Cloudland," and "The Artist's Dream." To-night the Professor will illustrate the wonder3 of tho microscope, ami to-morrow after noon there will bo a matinee. 