The Intercolonial Conference has, for the time being, closed its sittings in Melbourne. It was fully expected that an agreement with regard to matters of vital importance touching the colonies represented would be arrived at, and the result of the deliberations was anxiously looked for. The minutes of the proceedings have now been made public, and though in some respects we are disappointed, nevertheless we anticipate that the deliberations will be repod active of much good. It was not expected that radical changes affecting the colonies represented would be agreed to at once, though we were sanguine enough to hopa^tbat a movement towards uniformity might be the outcome of the Conference. Victoria being so thoroughly wedded to her protective policy it could hardly be expected that her representatives would be disposed to make concessions of any magnitude. We were, however, hardly prepared to believe that the colony represented by Messrs. Berry and Vale would have the audacity to dictate terms solely from a Victorian standpoint. With regard to the border tariff, Mr. Berry submitted that the only satisfactory solution of the ques tion was a uniform tariff for the three colonies — New Sooth Wales, Victoria, and South Australia. So far all were agreed, for that was the very thing longed for, and. we were confident enough to think it possible for the Conference to agree as to the tariff. That hope, however, was extinguished when Mr. Berry asserted that the main features or policy of the Victorian tariff would have to be regarded as a basis. Several proposals were sub mitted, but without satisfactory results, and the consideration of the subject has been postponed. . Mr. Vale introduced the subject of intercolonial legislation, and submitted certain resolutions which were agreed to. They refer to the establishment of an Australian Court of Final Appeal open to suitors who may be dissatisfied with the decisions of their respective Courts, and all the Australian colonies will be invited to join in the establish ment of such Court. The representa tives of the three colonies have under taken to prepare the measures necessary for its establishment. Some difficulties may present themselves ere such a Court be fairly and satisfactorily es tablished; but they will not prove In superable, and the step may be regarded as one in favor of federation. A very important matter bearing on this ques tiod was also discussed, on which there was a unanimity of opinion. The , ob stacles that exist to prevent the speedy capture of offenders who escape from one colony to another have been ; fre quently experienced. The. Conference, with the view of overcoming that difficulty, was of opinion that .warrants for the arrest of offenders in one colony should have effect in all, and hence the effect of such warrants could be antici pated by telegram. By this means persons who abscond with the money of others would have little chance of escape, and such cases could be dealt with without much trovble. Warrants for the arrest of men for wife-desertion, and all cases of a similar nature 'will also be made to have effect in all the colonies. An outline of a plan for the construction of a Federal Council to have authority by local legislation was submitted by Sir Henry Parkes, but as it was rather 'crude he has undertaken to draw up a more complete scheme. . . Several very important resolutions were introduced by the Hon. C. Mann. Hot the least was 'dial Sydney, Mel bourne, and Adelaide should be con nected by. railway, with a common junction at Wentworth.' Ihus New South Wales Bhould extend her rail ways as soon as possible ' to Went worth, and thence to the boundary of South Australia; Victoria to Went worth; and South Australia from Morgan to ihe eastern boundary, meeting New South Wales.' That is just the idea which Judge Boucaut, when Premier,. held, and which formed part of his 'comprehensive policy.' There can be no doubt that the colonies would derive great advantages by being connected by railway, and we believe the time is not far distant when the work will be accomplished. The Con ference, however, adjourned the further consideration of the matter until the sittings are resumed in - January. Another matter introduced by the Hon. C. Mann was intercolonial free trade. His resolution was limited to wine, with the view of testing the feasibility of free trade between the colonies, the arragement to be subject to determination on three months* notice by any of .the colonies interested. That matter will also be brought on again when the Conference sits. The bringing into operation of the conven tion which formerly existed between New South. WaleB and South Australia* will to some considerable extent affect our wine and tobacco manufacturers, more especially as it has been brought into immediate operation and with in creased duties. As all are more or less interested in the matter, we give the memorandum agreed to, which is as follows : — . 'The representatives of New South Wales and South Australia at this Con ference agree that the convention entered into between these colonies, dated the 30th of October, 1878, and which was terminated on the 30th June lust, shall be brought into operation, and continued for a period of three years from the 1st day of January, 1881, subject to the following modifications, viz., that the colon}' of South Australia shall increase her duties on imported wines and spirits and ou unmanufactured tobacco to the rate now levied in New South Wales ; and shall also jucresee the duty payable on spirits distilled in the colony to tworthirds of that now levied on imported spirits in New South Wales; and that the yearly sum to be received by New South Wales in lieu of the collection of the duties shall be £47,500, payable quarterly.' The tax is on what may be termed luxuries, and the increase will be felt by a certain class. The difference be tween the present duty and the old duty will be — Present. New. Duty. Duty. Spirits, per gallon . . . . 10s 3 2s Sparkling wines, do. . . fa 10s Colonial spirits, do. . . . . 6s 9d 8s Unmanufactured tobacco, 5[ H- 9d Is The South Australian representatives will probably be called to account for thus imposing taxes, as it may be con sidered that they have exceeded the power allowed them. The revenue will, however, be considerable increased by the agreement entered into between the two colonies. Some time ago we called attention to the inconvenience of not having a daily mail between Clare and Gladstone via Yacka and Georgetown, and we fully expected that some action would have been taken in the matter ere this. We believe that arrange ments could be made with Messrs. Hill & Co., to run daily instead of on alternate days as at present, at very little extta cost. This matter should have been taken up by the residents of Claie and the townships on the Saddleworth route. Had this been done and a deputation appointed to wait oh the proper authorities the facilities so urgently needed might havA -been provided by this time.* We can only .account 'fmIJthis inac tion «on; the part ofathe public on the ground that during the pa«t few years petitions and deputations from Clare, Auburn, Watervale, and the other old townships, along that line of road have been so entirely ignored by the Government that jthey begin to feel that any attempt to make known their require ments and to urge their being met is so much waste of time and energy. The people referred to are therefore completely discou raged, and it is seemingly a difficult matter to rouse them to renewed action. We pro test against such indifference. Other sec tions of the community are active, and in consequence of their incessant agitation: and importunity they invariably succeed in their object. An attempt is being made to alter the mail routes to gratify the whim of one or two email townships, and we -are sur prised that the residents of an old and, im portant district should look- on wiln an unconcern almost amounting to insensibility. What are the Mayor of our town and the Chairman of the District Council thinking about ? The public look to such men to take the lead in all matters pertaining to the advancement of the town and district ; but if they can look on while attempts are being made elsewhere to throw us into the back ground without making strenuous efforts to stay such doings, then we say the old dis tricts are to be pitied. Why are no meet ings called to consider such grave questions ? We consider it a disgrace to the Government to have such . defective mail arrangements between Clare and Gladstone and on to Laura, and the public should at once demand that .their pressing wants jn . this respect should be attended to by having a through daily jnaiL Thereas no necessity -whatever for the more northern townships to agitate for the mails being taken by way of Balak lava and Blytb. Ail that is required is to better regulate ihe' carrying of the mails on the present route hy having them daily instead of tri-weekly. We will not let this matter drop until the wants of the people are met. - The English Mail. — The next mail for England will cloSe at the General Post office, Adelaide, on Saturday, December 11. 'Thb Comet.'— This monthly visitor is becoming increasingly attractive. -The December number had quite a pictorial ap pearance, being profusely illustrated. The reading matter is written in a forcible and pleasing style, and the topics thus treated are calculated to enlighten the puhlic. Sctden' Death. — A farmer named Kencher fell down dead at Apoinga, near Black Springs, on Monday last. Telephonic Entertainment. — Al though the excitement that was felt when telephones were first invented has some what passed away, still there is connected with them a charming sense of being in communication with those at the opposite end of the wire, though knowing they are many miles away, that makes them ever in teresting. On Tuesday evening last a number of ladies and gentlemen assembled at the telegraphic offices at Auburn and Port Wakefield, the distance apart being 36 miles, to try if telephonic communication could be held. ' For several evenings pre vious they had answered well, but on Tues day evening the weather was so stormy that it, was thought some difficulty would be experienced in obtaining a circuit. It was not so, however, and songs, solos, instru mental music, and conversation indulged in at one end was heard distinctly at the other. The first piece that flashed along was ' My Grandfather's Clock,' by the Auburn com pany, and repeated by those at the Port. Auburn then sang ' Ring the Bell, Watch man,' and the Ports responded with 'in the Sweet By-and-bye,' and part of "Sweet little Buttercup," but when half through a loud peal of laughter — metaphorically speak ing— shook our nerves.. ' Come where my Love lies Dreaming,' was sung by the Auburns with such good effect that a second edition was called for, and when over the adjective ' beautiful' came from the Port end. They were then called on for their quoto, and gave in fine voice ' All's Well,' the bass being heard very distinctly. The Auburns repeated the song. A conversation then ensued, when Mr. Rossi asked, * Who are there ?' The reply, so concise, ' heaps,' came back. Mr. Russi called for Mr. McMillan, who answered and said he was quite well, and asked how the brewer's men were. The reply was, ' Got their throats cut.' ' What cut their throats ?' was asked. After some brief remarks from each end, the Ports were asked if they would like another song. Their answer being in the affirmative, Mrs. Rossi, Mrs. Field and Messrs. Rossi, Smith, and Field gave the " Song of Australia.'' They replied by singing ' Ten little Negro Boys.' Mrs. Rossi then sang ' Sally in our Alley.' When she had sung one verse the word 'splendid'' came through, and ' give us another verse,'' which was complied with. ' Thank you very much, give another like it,' from the Ports, brought ' Dublin Bay' on the boards by the same lady. The Ports sang very nicely 'The Warrior Bold,' and 'The Cottage by the Sea.' They then called on Auburn for whom Mrs. Rossi gave ' Love's Request,' and Mrs. and Mr. Rossi ' The Blue Alsatian Mountains.' Tbe latter piece was repeated by the Port company. They then asked what kind of weather we had, and the reply was ' rather rough.' Mrs. Rossi sang 'Dear little Buttercup.' A sailor's hornpipe on a comb with a piece of paper over it at the Auburn end was fol lowed by a solo ' Rosalie, the Prarie Flower,' on a concertina. Then came from the same end ' Auld Lang Syne,' which was the gem of the evening, every word and intonation being distinctly heard even away from the instrument. At this stage of the proceedings another conversation ensued, when numerous subjects were touched upon. Amongst them reference was made to red rust, complimentary re marks re the late Sir G. S. Kingston, in quiries about visitors from Exhibition, &c.; The Auburns then sang ' Red, White, and Blue,' the Ports responding with ' Simon the Cellarer,' and another song unknown to the Auburn company. ' Babies on the Block,' and 'God Save the Queen,' the latter of which was repeated, and a chorus of ' good nights''' from either end terminated a pleasant evening, and a most successful telephonic concert. Many thanks were expressed to Mr, Rossi for obtaining the in struments, and to Mr. Todd for lending them. liON Accident. — Uur longala corres pondent informs us that a serious accident occurred to a young man named Andy McDougall, in the employ of Messrs. Brown Bros. He was out shooting rabbits with one of the young Browns, and was in the act of loading, his gun, in which there must have been some fire, when tbe charge ignited the flask which he held in his hand and it exploded, blowing off his thumb and in flicting several severe gashes in his left side. He is now under the doctor's care, who thinks the case is one of a very serious nature. New Wheat. — The first new wheat for the season received at the Clare mill was delivered on Tuesday last. One load was brought by Mr. McKechnie from his farm on Blytk Plains, and two Ioad3 were from Mr. Thomas Sommerville's farm, Spalding. The Spalding lot was Tery good, the grain being plump and regular And of fine color. The Blyth sample was rather inferior, much of the grain being slightly shrivelled. Our Hoyleton correspondent says : — ' The first load of new wheat was brought into the township on Saturday last by Mr. Liveridge. The sample was a long way from being first-class, but it is considerably better than some that has to be reaped in the neighbor hood. Several farmers are reaping.' Bush Eire. — About 10.30 on Sunday night last, a person observed a fire in one of the Anama paddocks, and he at once in formed the eating house-keeper of the circumstance. The male inmates proceeded in the direction where they were informed the grass was burning, and a walk of three miles took them to the spot. As there was no wind and /the grass was slightly . damp with dew, the fire had made but little pro-' gres8and was easily extinguished. We have been informed that several men went near the fire on the Sunday evening, and though they saw it spreading in the grass paddock turned away without attempting to put it out.. Had it b-aen allowed to burn ' till morning a large extent of country might have been devastated. It is very evident that the fire in question had been started by some person, and it certainly appears strange that the men who saw the grass - burning made no attempt to extinguish it. Steps should be taken to ascertain the origin of these fires, with the view of getting a clue to the parties who could thus attempt to destroy property. Bazaab. — A sale of useful and* fancy articles will take place in the Town Hall, Glare, on Thursday, December to, and the two following days. The Presbyterians and their friends have been for n long time em ployed in putting together material for a bazaar, and, having succeeded, they hope that the affair will be well patronised, as the proceeds go to aid the Presbyterian Church funds. Those who hitherto may not have been made acquainted with the fact that the ladies connected with the Presbyterian Church have been working long and hard in aid of such a good cause will, no doubt, be pleased to hear that gifts will still be acceptable, and if they are forwarded to the Manse the donors will be thanked and re membered. Politicai.. — We understand that Mr. A. Pulmer, J.P., formerly Mayor of Clare, and who a few years ago retired from business, has been asked by a number of electors to come forward as a candidate for the District of Stanley at the next general election. Mr. Palmer is a local man, an old colonist, thoroughly independent, and has always taken an interest in politics. We believe that he will accede to the wishes of electors. Were he returned he would be able to de vote all his time to the interests of his con tituents. He is, we thiuk, opposed to the payment of members, and would not be one who would scramble for office. Providing the Hon. C. Mann, as is rumored, retires from political life, Messrs. Howe and Palmer would make two good local meu, Fatal Racing Accident. — On Satur day, December 4, Thomas Hugo, son of James Hugo, of Clare, was severely injured while riding the horse Momaloug at the steeplechase on the Old Adelaide Course. The anituul fell on taking one of the fences, and rolled on Hugo, crushing him very much. He was removed from the course in an unconscious state and taken to the Hos pital, where he died on Monday last. An inquest was held on the following day, when the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Sad Dhowning Case. — A boy named Doolette, eight years of age, was drowned in tbe River Gilbert, at Riverton, on Tues day, December 7. He was crayfishing in company with some other boys, and acci dentally fell into deep water, and was drowned before assistance could be pro cured. Pbofessob Peppeb. — For several days one of the priucipal topics of conversation in Clare and neighborhood has been Pro fessor Pepper's ghosts. That caterer of amusement and instruction to the public was well patronised in this town. He per formed to a crowded house on Monday night, and his matinee on Tuesday after noon was a success. The building was thronged- with juveniles, their parents, guardians, and teachers, when a very inie festing programme was presented which - astonished and amused the audience. The ghosts in a variety of forms were pro duced, also microscopic views in great pro fusion. There was again a full house in the evening, when a varied programme was spiritedly carried out. The Professor and his assistants are remarkably clever, and his entertainments are deservedly popular. On Tuesday evening the Professor stated that he was so highly taken up with this colony that, he contemplated settling in Adelaide. Guide and Almanac. — Messrs. Frearsbn and Brother's ' Guide and Almanac' for 1881 has been- issued, a copy of which has reached us. It is a most valuable little, work, as it furnishes accurate information on matters of almost endless variety. It should find a place in every office, business counter, and dwelling-house, and the tra veller should make it Ms companion. It can be had for sixpence, and it is of conve nient size for the pocket, . iLLtrsTHATED Papee. — The Illustrated Adelaide News for December contains a number* of interesting and 'well-executed engravings.. Messrs. Frearson and Brother are to be congratulated on the steady' ad vance and improvement of their journal. With the present issue there are excellent views of portions of the South Australian Court at the Melbourne Exhibition, There are a number of Port Wakefield sketches, also views of Adelaide, and of the Frozen meat Shipment by the Protos.. The letter press is also very good. ,' ' . ' ? Casualty Hospital Patient.— On Sunday last, as we mentioned in onr last issuej a young man named George Syme, son of Mr. A. Syme, farmer, Kooluuga, was admitted into the Casualty Hospital, Clare, in consequence of an injury to his leg, having been thrown from a horse on the same day. It appears that, in addition to the injury, the bones of the foot and leg were diseased, and the young, man was a cripple. In order to save the life of the patient Drs. Bain and Smith amputated the leg just above the knee, on Wednesday last. The other leg was amputated some years ago, when the youth was in the Ade laide Hospital, as the bones of the foot were diseased. Assignments and Insolvency. — As signments — Edward Lipsett, of Kooringa, draper ; William Neale, of Dublin, farmer ; John Guilfoyle, of Terowie, laborer; and P. P. White, of Port Augusta, builder. In solvency — John Fairclougb, of Manoora, licensed victualler. Yoting Men's Concord. — At a meeting of the management of the above society held lately, the year's balance-sheet was presented. After paying all liabilities a surplus of £4 remained in the treasurer's hands. Out of this sum a handsome eight day clock has been purchased and presented to the Clave Casualty Hospital, whilst the remaining proceeds have been equally divided among the deserving in the town. 