Christmas Dreams of a Far Distant Land. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY CHRISTIAN WAAGEPETERSEN. WE rode out in one of the drays. In our little island home we never had a buggy, for it is all seashore, with mangroves and oyster-banks, or dense bush with hills and swamps. But the girls meant business—we were going to gather green bought, and ferns; and flowers to decorate the verandahs and rooms. It was Cbristmastide, and a dray-load at least would be required. Carrie, aa usual, kept us alive with her unceasing mirth, that came pouring forth from under the large sun- hat like a refreshing spring from the dark earth, for one could scarcely get a fiew of any portion of her face but her chin and the tip of her note. Fannie and Ettie were having a alight disagreement between them, selves—but then they were the youngest—and Loo had put both arms round Willies neck, in her usual affectionate atyle, whioh kept that .brother of hera in a atate of heat a few degree* higher than otherwise he would have enjoyed, for the weather was hot, and the temperature did scarcely allow of any physical demonstra* tion of fond affection. We jolted along over the rugged road, turning and twisting about amongst the treea, till Carrie pushed her hat back from her face, looked round, and aaid it would do! Then we got off, and the work was supposed to begin. • Only a few minutes' rest,' I said j • I will join you in a minute! Here ia my aheath knife, and the tomahawk is in the dray—just one minute— just a quiet smoke.' I lay down under a large beautiful cypress pine that threw its shadows orer the spot. Lovely indeed ! Selow me at a abort distance the soft blue surface of the bay, with a few white saila gliding over the mirror-like waters, and the islands around reflecting themselves upside down like aome curious phantasmagoria. Between (he bay and the hill, on the tide of which I by, wii the swamp with ita border of mangroves and iti long toft grass, where the Blanfordiat mingled with the white lilties, while the beauti ful orchids nodded their heads at me and teemed to mutter lomething about Linnesas, twentieth clan, Orohis, or Anegalia—a recollection of days long, long gone by I looked down upon the cool shady bower of the thick beautiful scrub, where branches were entwined with branches, tied together with a variety of creepers that bridged from one tree to another or hung towards the ground in large rich bunches. There stood the slender palm tree from which we used to gather pieoabin, and raised its lorely foliage towards the aiure blue shore; and be* low grew the harefoot and the maidenhair fernsi and the tree fern stood on the knolls not far away i and the staghorn fern hung like large warts from the trees around. The native sarsaparilla fell in purple festoons from the shrubs. The fragranoe from the honeysuckle and the wattles came floating through the air. The smoke from my pipe went slowly straight up through the calm hot atmosphere and tost itself in space. I thought I saw the others just wading through the swamp—there is Carrie pulling an orchid— where did she go toP I don't see her now. Orchis or Ansgallis, linns. Why there were no orchids in those regions. . . 'God's peace, and good-day, and a merry Christmas to you, Lars Iversen. If you are going this way, you may as well get up and ride along with as.' Jor the Danish peasant always salutes with a I God's peace,' and always offers the wanderer a place in his conveyance, if he has one to spare. I God's pesos, and thank you, Ole Hansen,' says Lars, and gets into the sledge, which is put into motion again. It is the box of the waggon, that has been put upon sleighs | there is a wooden board across from one side to the other to sit upon, and behind a bag with chaff and oats for the horses and a little hay and a few parcels, wrapped up in paper or colored handkerchief*. There are two not over-stout horses to pull, and the harness is of no Tery elaborate description —the reins formed of hemp rope, and one solitary bell attached to the • near' one's collar whioh makes but little noise as the sledge glidee away over the soft snow, that the traffic on the road has made smooth and slippery, while at the sides it sometimes rises to formidable heights, baring been thrown up by the road rangers to provide for the thoroughfare. Ole Hansen is a man of about 40, with a short but muscular frame, whioh is covered with a leather jacket lined with sheepskin, on whioh the wool has been left. On his head he wears a furakin cap that is drawn over his ears, while his bands are provided with thick woollen mittens that have one place for the thumb and one for the four fingers. Over hi* knees he haa a few large rags, under which he now makes room for his companion's legs, whose attire and general appearance are somewhat similar to hi* own, though he is a much younger man. The solitary bell tingles faintly, the snow flies about thrown up by the horses' hoofs, and off it goes past tbe farmhouses, where the white carpet oovers the roofs, and ioieles bang like long gray beard from the eaves. Past the fields, where the green rye slumbers invisible 'neath the warm snow • under the leafless trees, where the erystaliaed water sparkles like brilliant diamonds on each little twig i while the day i a fast waning away, and the moon stands ready abeve to shine down upon dormant nature, when the laat rays of sunlight shall have vanished behind the purple-tinted hills afar. The air is keen, but pure and fresh; the oheeks of the two men grow ruddy but healthy* Wing with the cold; the breath starts away from tbe nostrils of the horses like gray steam* as if they were two living engines | and there is a wonderful expression of peace, almost of holiness, over nature, as the evening approaches that brings universal good will to men. ' And where do you come from V saks Lsrs. I 1 have been in town this morning,' says Ole i I 1 thought I would go in while the roads are good, and besides this is the blessed Christmas tide, so I thought I would like to buy a few things for the wife and bairm. You had better come in with v*, Lars,' be adds in an inviting manner,' and share the Ohriatmas porridge with us; they will be glad to see you, and you have no home to go to. Come, and be welcome.' 'Many thanks!' says Lars. 'To speak tbe truth, Ole, I was thinking of going down, when you overtook me—a man does not like to spend Christmas Eve at the inn if he can be made welcome with deoent folks, and you know I always fanoied your homestead.' They approaoh the place. There is the barn, through the centre of whioh leads the arched porohway into the yard within. It is built of brickf, whitewashed, and framed with vertical and horisontal pieces of timber, tarred over, and looking black and solemn against the silvery glue that lies over all. On the thatched roof it the empty nett, to which erery May the •tork returni, bat all is covered with mow now, all U glittering and gleaming ■■ it were with the shining white robei of Christmas parity. Ole Hatuen cracks hii whip, and it tinge loudly through the keen frosty airj he goes under the arch and into the square yard, where straight before him it the dwelling-home, and on either •ide the liable and oowbyre. A fox jumpa quickly put, and makea a ruih for the arohwaj, through whioh it disappears, and there is a great noise heard from the corner of the yard, where the feathered inhabitants have their allotment. 'He is after my geese!' sajs Lara j ' but wait • bit, I'll hare him yet.' And he now drives np in front of the entrance door. * Good evening, father, and welcome home, •nd a merry Christmas to you! And to you at well, Ole, and welcome here!' It is a chorus of Toioes, and a ohorts that might oheer anybody up, as the group appears in the now opened doorway. There is Mette, Lars's wife, and Karen his eldest daughter, a fresh merrr-leoking girl, with large blue eye* and white teeth, and a thick golden hair tied in a knot behind. She may be about eighteen* and wears, like her mother, a neat plain dress that reaches to the ankle, and shows below a foot eased in a small wooden clog. Then there is Kirtten, her younger sister, who looks shy at she sees the visitor i and the two boys, Peter and Lars, who at once set to work to empty the sledge of its cargo, and take the horses out and put then into the stable. Everybody seems to be helping now to pull the heavy topcoats off the new comers, and hang them up in the passage or hall, into which they have entered. The two men rub their cold bands together and breathe on ibeir fingers' end to Warm them, and all now go into the room, from the oven of whioh a weloome heat is streaming toward them. There is the scent of burnt fir in the room, whioh is decorated with branches of the Christmas tree. Bound about on the walls hang piotures in frames, and here and there is some bright cooking utensil of shining copper stuck more as a sort of orna* meat than really ever to be made use of. The refreshing warmth thrown into the room still does not seem to reach the windows, on the panes of whioh the frost has formed fantastio figures by binding the vapors to the surface of the glass. They look like flowers—Christmas flowers—and the children have been heating copper coins on the stove and made little holes in the ioe on the pane by presaing the w.ann eoios againat it. The furniiureia plain, consisting of wooden forms and ohairs without any upholsterer's work about them. A long table stands in the centre of the room, with a form at each side, on which sit at meal times Mette, the children, and the men, while Lars presides in a ohair at the end of the table. In one oorner stands the loom and in another the spinning.wheel, for here the wool is made ready for the latter, and then passes on to the loom, and afterwards Mette and the girls make clothes of the woven stuff for all the family. How they all assemble. The boy a, returned from the stable, have left their wooden dogs in the passage, and stand on tiptoe in their stocking feet, eagerly watching their father, who prepares to open the parcels. There is a large umbrella for Mette, covered with green cotton; a black velvet bonnet, with silver brocade on the top and red silk ribbons to tie it with, for Karen. It makes her ryes sparkle with double lustre as sh* puts it on before the glass, and Ole say* she is the best looking lass in the parish. There is a mug with * A Merry Christmas' written on the white ohina with gilt ornamental letters for Kirsten, and a pair of long top-boots for each of the lads, whioh cause them at once to abandon stocking feet, and, clad in leather from the toe to the knee, they strut about on the floor imagining themselves to be walking through snow mountains and deep pools. There is a joy and happiness over all—a giving of thanks, not merely with the lips, but with the hearts, a felicity that seems to be stamped with the special blessings of a happy Christ' mastide. And the Christmas supper is brought in. There is the rice porridge cooked in milk and eaten with home*brewed beer poured over it, while a lump of butter is stuck in the centre, and cinnamon and sugar ia atrewed over the top. Then one of the fatteat geese, that can traoe its anceatorial breeding right baok to Lessoet and then the apple dumplings, that Karen has baked. And the two men sip cognac from a small glass, and bite a piece of loaf sugar after each sip; and Mette and the children have cherry wine. It ia a Christmas feast that makea everybody feel happy and content; the cold without is forgotten, and homely talk abont the past and the future oocopies the conversation of tboee around. The meal ia over ; Karew has fetched the large old Bible, and while they form a group round her she reads by the light of the tallow candle* to the listening olustor. Nobody hears her oountry dialect, but everybody is impressed by the aoft tone of her voioe, and the sincerity that her own simple heart tbrowt into the words whioh the reads. It is about the tower that went forth to sow. And they all teem to under* ttand it, for they have all teen the germ develop and shoot up from the soil, and they all know that to grow well one must sow well. The tears are in Lars Iversen'a eyea as he puts his broad hard hand on Karen's head and blesses his child, and, at she oloaea the book, he aays,' I like better to hear you road than even to hear the Vicar himself!' • ... Ole Hanson walks home alone at a brisk rite to keep himself warm. He thinks to himself that he is a ainful man, and that Karen, Lara's daughter, ia one of God's angelt come down upon earth. He looks up and sees a bright star above him, brighter than any of the othera, and he wonders if that ia the one that once guided the tbree kings to the manger in Bethlehem. And the star throws its luatre down upon him and shines upon the peasant's home, where now all rest in slumber, and Christmas night, dad in the glorious beauty of the northern winter's heavens, hovers peacefully over a sleeping land. The morning ia calm and dear. The aun thinet over the landsoape in its midwinter glory, the ground aparklet at if it had been ttrewn ail over with glittering diamondt, and the hoar froat hangs like the laat viaible remains of a frosen fog in beardlike thape from the treet. In the old oastle yard there it tho sound of whips being cracked, of hprses stamping, of bells ringing and tingling, and of dogs barking aloud. It it the tquire going to church with tome of hit Christmas vititort. Look at the prooetsion as they leave the oourtyard, driving out at a quick pace under the vaulted archway, through the outer yard, and over the old drawbridge that for many many yean past hat never been lifted from ita level position, leading across ths broad moat, over which now the ice has made another probably firmer bridge. There arc the aquire and his lady, and one or two more, in a large stately sledge, drawn by two fiery horses. The sledge is nioely punted, with well-cushioned comfortable teats, facing one another, and having in front a large mow* board. The harness is well studded with silver baokles, and from the horses' baoks, drawn over the snowboard, lies a large white oover of de licate network, having tassels at the tides and corners of red and white, and so arranged as to keep any of tbo snow thrown up by the hones from falling upon the occupants of the sledge. The heads of the horset are adorned with bells that, plaoed round a stalk, form a crown-shaped bunoh, all bright and shining, and merrily tingling as they are shaken by the horses. The reins pass over the heads of those within, and into the hands of the driver, who stands upright on a footboard behind. All are warmly dad in splondid furs. The fox, the weasel, the hare, the sheep, tbe otter, and the Norwegian bear have all, in one way or another, contributed to the comfort of this wealthy party, and all have fine fur collars, and large gloves or muffs of rare skins, oapt and bonnett that look elegant and keep the wearers warm. In the second sledge there are only two ocou* pants. A lady sits within, and riding astride over a aort of wooden hone behicd, with a oushioaed seat, sits a young gentleman. His feet rest on plates arraDged for the purpose on tbe lower portion of the sleigh, only a few inohes from tha ground, and hit legt are oovered a good way up with sealskin boots. In hit hand he hat a short whip-handle, with a very long lash, whioh he oraokt over the lady's head. Tbe general appearance of the sledge and its occu pants is the same aa that of the other, but it is very narrow, and has only room tot one within and ono without; it is drawn by only one horse, and the bells are arranged differently, being fastened like large beads along the various straps and girths of the harness Off they go! Crack go the whips, tingle, tingle, tingle go the bells, drowning entirely the sound of the bell from tbedis'ant vi lage church calling to worship. The snow flies out at tb e sides, the horses dance j as they fly along, the peasant and his family atop j he uncovera his head, and the women make a deep oourteiy as the party goes paat. ' God's peace and a merry Christmas' is the salutation. It it heard anjd returned • all look happy, Churchlike,Obriitmaslike. Outside the barn haa the peasant stuok up the usual Christ. mas sheaf of corn for the hungry half starved sparrowa; the children atand behind the pa<?ea and watch the birds of tho heavens coming down to feast on man's good will; over the black track, where in summer-time tho footpath leads through the high rye, the men and women wend their way to church \ only few peasants ride, but the jolly-looking parson rides. He comes along in hia old fashioned carriage box, now put on sleighs. He sits behind in his black gown with the white broad piped collar apparent, at his fur ooat will not dote orer hit clerical garb—tits in hia comfortable high backed teat that hanga on springs and it fattened to the board* of the box at each tide with large hooka, while hit driver aita in front on a plain board and urget on the two old horaet, as the clerk ringt the bell fatter and louder, calling to tervioe from near and far. The ohnroh it plain enough to behold. It it of rectangular thape, and hat a aquare tower at the wett end, with a porch below and the belli tboTe. The windowt are plain with arohed. headi, and the panes act in small tquaret and diamond*, framed with lead. The walla are high and whitewathod within and without, and the roof it oovered with tilea. Nothing to be* hold, but it haa been aaid that under the white* wath within there are aome rare treoaurea painted on the wall, whioh are soon to be drawn forth to light i and the tablet orer the altar table, whioh opent and oloaet like a box, ia sup* poaed to be a piece of carving that few oan duly appreciate. There they tit now, and liaten to the paraon. The women on one aide, the men on the other | but the aquire hat hit own large aquare family pew right in front, with comfortable cuthions and footstools, and carpet on the floor. In all oountriet aquirea have to be made at oomfortable at possible under all oiroum* ttanoea. So the paraon delivers bit termon, the tame he preached laat year—but what matters P And some of the congregation nod their heada and dote their eyet—it it generally considered to be a tign of piety to do thit during a sermon —tome stare with wide-opened mouths and eyes, and the aquire feela quit* comfortable, and rests hia head against the top of the pew back. And when they come out of cburoh there ia a shaking of hands and a ratting of caps, and an exchanging of good wishes. And the aquire and hit party ride home to have their Christmas dinntr and tell ghost stories round the stove in the twilight hour* the peasant gets out his meerschaum pipe, with the long pliant hone* hair stem, and walks home, conversing with his neighbor i and the parson gets into hit high backed seat, and tells his man to drive down to the forester's place, wkere he is going to dine on roast hare and veniton. What a strange contrast I The wintry fog hangs over the city. The street lamps an lift and the illumination from the large splendidly furnished shops is wonderful to witness. It is bitterly cold. The lights from the lamps and shops fall upon the street, where the snow has become dark and dirty under the feet of the many passengers there: it is cleaner up on the roofs of the manystoried houses, oleaner still at it nows begins to fall gently like soft white down from the gray clouds above. It falls upon the topcoats and on the fur caps i it stioks to the beard and the hair, and makes everybody look like Father Christmas j it lies upon the ladies' moll and comforters as they hurry homeward | it makes the footpath slippery, and causes a street urchin to sand a well-aimed snowball at the head of the driver of a solitary sledge that passes by at full speed. The streets are getting emptier and emptier. Hera and there a boy carrying a Christmas tree home | here and there a few hurrying pas sengers laden with parcels of all shapes and aiset | here and there two or three dirty ragged children, with bare feet and red handa and faoea, casting longing glanoea at the toya or aweets exhi bited in the windowa of the ahops, that now begin to oloae; here and there aome half-starved miser able*lookiag beggar woman, with a child on each arm, and two or thre? more hanging to a thin petticoat, singing with a boarae faltering voioe a Christmas carol, looking up towards heaven or towarda the windows against the blinding anow, praying in her heart lor pity and aucoour, and soolding with her lips every now and then the starving children for not joining in. It is Christ mas Eve that has lowered oytt a large oity ; Christmas eve in the streets, where the shops are dosing after profitable bargains, where the rioh yet blend with the poor, where from some passiog cabriolet an elegant lady's hand throws a piece of silver to the poor street songster; Christmas eve in the tradesman's home, where the hard-earned money has been expended in a few Christmas presents, stuck on a small green tree in the centre of the table) Christmas Eve up those many stairs, where in a cold damp atlic aome wretched form lies starving, hungry, and alone, crouched upon a hardmattress in a corner of the room, with an anxious expectant expres sion on a pale withered face, upon which falls the dim light of a thin smoking tallow candle, waiting—listening for the flrit step of someone that shall bring at least aome tangible aign of the faot that this is really Christmas Eve. It is Christmas Eve there on the first floor, where the rich merchant lives. In one room art gathered Urn children and • few friends. la another the father ia bu»y I ■eeing that the supper-table has been properly laid und the wine decanters properly plaoed j and in a third, the mother and the eldest daughter are arranging presents, wrapped up in papers neatly addressed, and now being plaoed on a large Christmas tree in the centre of the room and on the tables around. The gas is not lit in the first room, but the door of the stove is standing open, and throws both heat into the room and a bright glare upon the group seated around it. The glare falls upon merry bright faces with fair ourly looks and healthy rosy-looking cheek*, with eyes sparkling of happinfts and delight and expectation, boys and girls forming liko a hulf oirole round an elderly man, next to whom everyone is anxious to sit. Every now and then one of the younger ones gets up, and on tip-toe approaches the door, through the keyhole of whioh there is a possibility of getting a peep into the room that will shortly open with so much suprise; but every such attempt is at onoe checked by a chorus of loud objeating voioes. • Ah, I saw a rooking horse!' ories one little boy. 1 We are going to have goose for supper,' says another, * and mother has promised me the skip jaok, and Mr. Andersen has promised to make it right for me, so that it will jump—haven't youP' The elderly man puts a long lean hand on the head of tho child, and strokes kindly the boy's fair hair. A strange man he is to look at as he sits there in the oentre of the children. He might have been their grandfather, yot he seoms most like a child himself, the way he talks to the others in this twilight hour. He is tall, with largo hands and feet, and a great stoop, as if in his life sorrow had weighed him down heavily. His head is large, too, with large features. The chin is olean shaven and slightly projecting, the nose big and curved, the forehead rather high* the hair long and dark and well trimmed, and curly at the ends. His eyes are dark and have a soft dreamy expression, and when he speaks the tons of his voice falls like pleasing osdenoes on the ear of the listener. When he oame into the room he gave to eaoh one a large hand that seemed to drown everybody else's, and olosed it with a hearty shake over the one stretched out to meet him i and when he tat down before the fire he caught up leisurely a pair of scissors, and a slip of white paper, and out of this he is now cutting the most wonderful figures. 'Oh I' ories one little girl, « is not that pretty P It is the angel carrying the dead child up to heaven, and there is the picture for a tale out with an outlinethat would have done for any silhouette. The outline of the angel carrying the dead child up to God—a soft round female figure with a flowing drapery and large spreading wings, and on her arm sits the child, resting its weary bead on the angel's shoulder. 1 Tell us the tsla 1' says the little girl. ' No, no!' ories one of the boys j ' not that tale I that is too sad for Christmas Eve j tell us the tale of the soldier and the cinder>box, who bad to go down the hollow tree and fetch the box for the old witch, who stood outside waiting.' And the elderly man tells—while his hands move busily and work the scissors over the paper, out of whioh step in succession as by witohoraft the pictures of what he v relating. The soldier and his dog | the old witch leaning upon her long staff; the hollow tree; the wonderful passages below, where all the trea. sures of copper and silver and gold -are kept, where the dogs sit with eyes as big as sauoers and one with eyes as big as the large round tower—all pass in review before the children, while he tells with bis soft pleasant voio#, gating into the fire as if he fetched the subject for his tale from the glowing embers. Only short tales they were, as they were told in succession j only few were the hearers, but the tales spread. They went out into the world, far over the seas, and the tales that were told in the oorner by the stove —the tales that for many years were looked forward to by a country as the sure follower of Christmastide just as the swallow is of the spring—spread out, flew with the swallow far away over all Europe, even down to the land and the homes of fairy tales. And he sits there telling and clipping. Hans Christian Andersen, the poet once scoffed by the imanrtal Goethe, rejected by Jenny Lind, laughed to scorn by Miss Gram, now admired by a world and loved by a nation, who thought for long that Christmas could not go past without his voice being heard. Two or three visitors have now arrived; the gas is lit in the room where the gathering is, and presently the double doors are thrown open, and a brilliant scene displays itself. In the oentre the large Christmas tree, with dozens of oolored lights attached to the branches, with fruit and present* hanging amongst the lights, •ad the 'Dannebrog' stuok on the top of the tree. And round about on the side-tables and on the piano are parcel*, neatly put together, with inscriptions, and verses, and addresses. The boya look at one another, wondering who is going to hare tho rocking-horse, and who the cheat with tools; the girls spy a large beautiful doll in amongst the brunohes of the tree, and are again attracted by other inriting presents, placed within easier reach. There are presenta«To mother from the boys' and •To father from the children ;' there ia an armchair 'To H. 0. Andersen,' with a label atuok on it expressing the regarda of the whole family. There are presenta from the guests in general and to the guest; there arc present! eren to the servant man and maid, who are called in to admire the aplendor, and who stand aby and wondering at the door. Now all join handa and dance round the tree and the children strike up a tune, and the old folka join them ; and then the plundering of the tree begina, and the distribution of presents. It ia a receiving and a thanking that ia wortb witnessing. "What beautiful alippera Nannabaa been working on the aly for lather! and the embroidery that Dagmar ba» stitched in deli cate design on the white muslin ia magnificent. There are H. 0. Andersen's Fairy Talea ' From the Author,' beautifully bound, for he does like to see hia own worka nicely bound and tidily kept. It aeema like a great bazaar ; and joy reigna supreme in the happy family oirole. Then the time cornea when they ait down to the supper table; and all tbe children have an extra hour put on to-night to be all there before going to bed. And, indeed, who eoold go to sleep rery early after all thia P There ia a moment's pause, and the father strikes his glass, and atanda up and speaks. He aays: ' There are momenta of our lives when—so and ao,—and the othera nod their heada and seem to agree } and the apeaker goes on until it is discovered that the toast proposed ia the toast of the absent friends. And they all stand up and touch one another's glasses, and there are tears in the mother's eyes, for last year her eldest son aat there with them on Christmas Ere, but now he is far away in distant foreign countries. Yet there is general joys and the children gather round their mother as they leave the room. One thing ia yet undone that they always do ere parting on Christmas Ere—they most all sing in chorus a Christmas hymn. Bo she sits down by the piano, and they arrange themselves round her. The lights on the Christmas tree are burning down one after another, sometimes singeing a branch and sending the strong soent of burnt fir into the room; and while someone is watching the tree that it may not take fire the mother touches the keys softly and sweetly, and the sound of a melodious aaored tune float* from the instrument j and after the prelude has been gone through the children sing with fresh clear yoioe the 163 rd hymn. i. Christmas, with holy pleasure* fraught, Its tidings to aU v bringing. The meMage God* angel* to earth hare brought Now all little children are ringing. The tree of life bean the lovellett fruit. Sweet bird* sing aloud in its bower ; Andorer each child, that is pure and good, Those pleasures for erer shall hoTer. ii. Joy ia our guest on earth to-day, With the King that of hearen was born 1 Come down little sparrow, that feaat you may With the pigeon on Christmas corn. Dance, tweet babe, on thy mother's knee, The loveliest day has risen; The way to Paradise shall we see, And to our SaTiour listen) hi. Christ was a little babe aa well, Cradled with love so tender. The garden where heaven's bright angels dwell He open* tor iv to enter I The King of Heaven Unlay bringj hero Sweet joys to all that is living; Each childlike spirit that he hold* dear The pinion* of angels giving | * Amen!' joins in the poet, from where he site in his new chair. 'Bernhard Severin Inge man,' he says with a vibrating voice, 'he was a true Christian. God bless hia sweet spirit!' and, as he wipea a tear away that ia stealing down hia brown dark cheek, he leans back in the ohair, and, covering hia face for a moment with hia right hand, hia thoughts wander back to tbe days when he knew that most truly Chriatian poet, who pointed Denmark'a ohildren at once to the glory of their God and the glory of their country. v ' What—what are you talking about P' says Carrie, aa she stands smiling before me in a stooping position, with a atraw in her hand that makea me think she has just been tickling my nose. ' Are you mnking veraes in your aleep P' ' No!—I don't know!— Upon my word, I think I have been asleep. Look here, I was dreaming. I think it was Lord Brougham who in one minute dreamt the whole of his life over again. 1 have—well, only in these ten minutes I have been right to the other aide of the globr. Such ' ' Ob, never mind Lord Broom, or what you call him, and the other side of the globe. Come along, you lazy fellow, I have found such a de« lightful staghorn fern, but I can't got up the tree ; you hare got to go up and fetch it.' ' Ail right. Suppose I do get up a tree. Come along then. By Jove, it it hot to-day. I thought a few minutes ago that everything was frosen.' 1 Look here now. If you will only get that ataghcrn down, and carry that bundle down to the dray, and fetch some of those orchids in for me —it is too muddy oat there —then yoa can sit down afterwards and tell me your dream.' 1 All right; thank you! Orchids, upon my word: astociations ot ideas lead to the most extraordinary combinations of thoughts. I think the study of psychology ought to be more generally . But it is no use talking about that now:—here goes!' 