The Advertiser MONDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1880. It is to be hoped that at the meeting, advertised to be held this morning, of the navvies now on strike on the Nairne Railway terms acceptable to both parties will find favor. It is perhaps too much to ex- pect that either side will readily give way, yet at the same time it is reasonable to suppose that a way out of the unfor- tunate difficulty would be hailed with satisfaction by all concerned in or affected by the dispute. Hitherto the men have been quite as unyielding as their employers. They struck at a season when circumstances apparently favored their cause. They conceived that they could bring great pressure to bear on the contactors because work was plentiful elsewhere and the prospects of labor bright. Before this, however, it is probable that they perceive miscalculation has de- ceived them, Mr. Swan's emphatic avowal that rather than comply with terms urged in the manner adopted by the leaders of the strike the contractors would suspend operations for two or three months told with effect on many of the ' navvies, who thereafter prepared to clear out The rumor that they would be ejected if they did not leave their camp ing- ground made less impression on their minds than did the consciousness that even united they were too weak to withstand the firm attitude of their employers. Hence the exodus which has un doubtedly deprived Messrs. Walker & Swan of many good workmen, while it has also sent adrift well-to-do employes who but for this crisis would be peacefully and in some measure contentedly -pursuing their labors. Thus far one notable feature in the difference has been the exemplary behavior of a class reputed to be particularly rowdy and quarrelsome. It miut be recorded to their credit that although occasionally tempted to disorder they have scrupulously avoided doing aught that would detract from the merits of their contention or shot ibe door to a prudent wMipmmjflft i n jj bis there seems to be the chance of an arrangement that may put a period to the dispute. Still, regarded in the mo?t favorable light the strike recalls the painful stary of labor disputes so familiar all over the world. In this instance, it is true, the atrike is robbed of the possibility of the distressing incidencs that invariably attend a strike or lock-oat in populous centra where women and children have to share the consequences. The removal of a few cart-loads of humble f urnitare guarded by little family groups is the exception in this case. As a rule navvies are so circum stanced that they can readily shift from one quarter to another, enduring the while un avoidable or self-inflicted hardships. The outlook of a protracted difference between them and the contractors does not conse quently touch so keenly the sympathies of onlookers. Outsiders can accordingly afford to regard the dispute in a plain practical light, divesting it of the unhappy and trying surroundings which have thrown, a gloom over so many manufacturing districts. Yet, withal, this atrike is forbidding enough. It signifies waste in every sense. The contractors are depleted of their justifiable advantages in prosecuting an important public work. The men are induced in ruinous idleness to wander about the district or join in the debaucheries of the nearest public-houses. Obviously the loss is common to the contestants, though in the long run it must prove in every respect more disastrous to the men. Besides, the strike involves the largest number of men who ever abandoned their work for a similar reason in this colony, and for a day or two it also unhappily suggested the likelihood of an introduction of the obnoxious measures that have elsewhere rendered trade disputes extremely unpopular. Threats of intimidation and outrage were doubtlets heard, but being obviously the mere ravings of a few irresponsible men excited by drink they were calmly unheeded, more especially, as we have said, because the conduct of the navvies has been almost uniformly praiseworthy. We have, indeed, through out had too much reliance on the good sense of the men to imagine that they would allow themselves to be entrapped into violations of the law that would at once place them beyond the pale of un biassed consideration. The men are quick enough to understand that even while pur posing to eerve their own interests they cannot be allowed to deprive others of the liberty they claim for themselves. If any class of workmen engaged on the line voluntarily agree to join in the strike none can say a word against euch action. But to resort to coercion is violently to overstep the bounds of fair play^ as well as to infringe the statute law of the colony. On these grounds, no leas than in the interest of the malcontent work men, it is likely that the navvies will con tinue to uphold their present reputation for peaceableness and good order. In the early stages of a trade dispute the origin of it is generally obscure, unless wheie trade organisations exist on a large scale, for then a resolution to strike may be easily traced to the executive of the union concerned. That there is no agreement of this sort among the navvies would be easy of demonstration. Beyond all desiring better terms for their labor unanimity is barely apparent. Under the conditions nothing further than this could be antici pated. The common grievance unques tionably is that the Nairne Railway navvies are asked to work longer hours than similar, workmen on other lines. The men have a* d indisputable right to seek a shorter day if it is the rale in similar undertakuies else where. It cannot be contended that they must work nine hours a day, but as a fact the bulk of them seldom if ever, taking their paid time, do work so long. The contractors, we believe, have bo objection to concede that any man who chooses may work eight hours per diem at current rates. But this is not where the shoe pinches. Fewer hours plus more pay for each hour raises a different point altogether, compelling the masters to ask themselves whether the conditions of their contract can afford the doable con cession. They must be allowed to be the best able to decide this. Should it be within their power to yield so as to meet their men, cay halfway, they will pro bably deem a middle course advisable. Or if, seeing that the hours and wages on other lines in this colony are reckoned more advantageously to the men, they will permit — supposing the navvies on their part agree to such a pro posal— the matter to be referred to arbitration a sensible basis of hopeful nego tiation might be found. As it is, impartial observers acquainted with the facts cannot fail to perceive that it might be imperative as well as jost to pay more for shorter time to a savvy on the Port Augusta line for instance, than to one at work a few miles from Adelaide. The purchase power of twenty shillings is by no means the same in both cases. That stress Bbemld be laid on such a comparison is simply due to the insistence by the strike leaders on a difference that is manifestly more mum—l than real, how ever it may be tamed to suit the pur pose of the hour, On the other band, it does appear that the main caoee of Messrs. Walker & Swan's rejection of the demand; now preferred is their in- | ability to accede to it. Besides, they are evidently not prepared to experiment on the eight hours' question at the very time when they feel that they had a right to strenuous co-operation, after an unusual season of delay and vexatious expense. Whether the introduction of arbitration would incline the contractors to modify their expressed view? can only be known when the terms as reconsidered by the men are 'explicitly announced. Bat the public | will be glad to learn that an avenue to agreement has been prudently opened up, co that the railway works may no longer remain at a standstill. There cannot be a doubt that the French Fetes on the Anniversary of the Commune sad at ■Cherbourg-have considerably raffled German equanimity. Aa opportunity wasi therefore, taken of nmfriiy a eigni ficant counter- demonstration throughout the Empire en the 2nd September, which is the ajunrensrj of the iedam battle of Sedan, and which immediately precedes the Autumn manoeuvres of the leading Conti nental armies. The celebration of these events would naturally have excited joyful interest throughout the Father land under any circumstances, but un- questionably the popular enthusiasm has been intensified by the unguarded language of the Preddent of the French Assembly at Cherbourg. It will be remembered that a very unfortunate speech was delivered by him at an informal dinner party to which he had been invited by the commercial travellers at the port in on interval of the public ceremonials. No reporters were present, sad the few remarks which were made had all the appearance of spontaneous and unconsidered utterances, little weight would hare been attached to them had it not bean fen-rtm almnatqinmitfi neous it appeannceof a letter which, though it was afterwards explaiasdhad been written many yean ago, when the smart of defeat wasstai fresh, and before ILGambetta had attained the responsible position he now fills, had done the mischief before the antidote could be applied. The language was sufficiently plain and bellicose, and was all the more noticeable because of the Tery marked and laudahle moderation ' hitherto shown by the public men of France. In patience they hare indeed possessed their souls, and though number less little straws have shown in what direction the current was setting, they have had the wisdom to spare words whichthey knew they were unprepared to follow up with deeds. The German Press has cer tainly made the most of Gambetta's indis cretion, and some of the newspapers have written of the after-dinner speech as if it were ss ominous as the men* tekel on the palace walls of the King of Babylon. They seem to be in an especially touchy mood just now, for even the random words of I Sara Bernhardt, who in the insolence of sue- ! cess snubs princes, and bewitches German ambassadors to clink glasses with her to the toast, « La France ent&ra;," have been sum. cient to suggest to offended Teutonic dignity the temporary withdrawment of the German envoy from the Court of Copen hagen. The Bismarckian paper, the North German Gazette, takes advantage of this occasion to reopen the question of Alsace, averring that from time almost immemorial it was a genuine province of the German Confederation. The article recalls all the insults and provocations heaped by France upon Germany at a time when " she was too weak by reason of internal dissensions to retaliate," It recounts how " ten incur sions, with or without declarations of war, have been made by France within the last 200 years without provocation from Germany, and only from the lust of con flict ;" in fact, it reopens all the old sores, and concludes a bitter and plainly in ferred article in the pregnant words—" the utterances of M. Gambetta have givenja hard blow to confidence in the duration of peace, which in France no less than in Germany is the foundation of all economic prosperity. We regret that the warlike | spirit animating our neighbors now, as 300 years ago, compels us to seek our security in a strong and ready army." In such a frame of mini as this it wai that Germany set herself to celebrate the victory of Sedan and the proclamation of the Empire. For some time it had been debated whether in deference to their late adversaries' susceptibilities demonstrations of delight shoiud not be altogether omitted, ard certainly it was understood that the celebration would be shorn of anything needlessly offensive, but Gambatta'a language was so interpreted as to inflame passion and patriotism and to dissipate these courteous intentions. It is Lot to be expected that Germany should forget or cease to commemorate with the liveliest expressions of delight the victory which was gained at Sedan only ten years ago. That is a very short epoch in the history of a nation. Sixty-five years have elapsed since Waterloo was fought. Two generations have passed away since the cannon balls crashed into the walls of Hougoumont, and since Ponsanby's brigade charged down the slopes on tbe left of La Have Salute. But the memory of the famous victory is green and grateful still to Englishmen spite of the entente cordiale which has happily so long existed between France and England. It was not till the times of the Crimean War that Britain ceased to celebrate the 18th of June with reviews and salutes and mili- tary displays, and long after that Waterloo banquets continued to be given in the messes of regiments which had shared the honors of that day. Britons, at least, who glory in tbe recollection of well- fought contests by land or sea, should be the last to blame or impute sinister motives to the celebration of a great victory and a fresh national advance in consolidation and con- sequence. For the crowning of King Wil liam as Emperor of Germany at Versailles was the corollary of Sedan, and in cele brating the one event the grateful nation celebrates the other also. The correspon dent of a London newspaper depicts a recent visit to the battlefield of Sedan,' and says that while the generals who then led the troops to victory an etill alive and hale, -while the soldien who then fought in it are scarcely yet veterans, while lads who have not yet ceased to grow are familiar from personal memories with its epieodeeand issues, "the battlefield may be aid to be obliterated. Already in these few years have disappeared almost all traces of the tragedy of which it ■was the theatre." Bat though the plough has effaced the devastations of artillery, the deed of which Sedan was the scene remains fresh and unforgotten in Germany. The Empire does not forget how after twelve hours' fighting against 100,000 desperate Frenchmen, there followed the captor* of Sedan, of Marshal HacMahon, and of the Emperor Napoleon lIL The French re peatedly attempted in the course of that fatdfcy to break through the ciicle of iron and of fire which Yon Moltke had directed to be drawn around them, but every attempt was frustrated* and the mass of disordered troops—no longer an army, but a mere mob—was forced to take shelter under the walls of the fortified city. Then about 5 o'clock in the after noon the white flag of surrender wassent out to the King of Prussia, and the ter rible struggle was past. In rapid succes sion there followed the tumfiifln -rf fIQ/jQQ soldiers, the march on Paris, and the fatal collapse of an Empire. The?a.£re Che events which Germans celebrate aa the 2nd September, and so long as nations pride themselves on then- prowess m war we cannot wonder that they recall them with delight. The address of the Emperor William was just of such a kind as Bright hare been expected from a vetemn soldier ad dressing .his troops on the ere of such an aunrverssry. It recalled" the Eerions Ban tsatiens wifh which the war had been*Mn mencedy " the days of anxious expectation/ "the rapid succession of victories," and finally, *• the derisive HowatSedan, which was dealt in a manner far exceeding our boldest hopes and fondest expectatu?s/ It reminded the army of "their glorious leaders" and "their grievous sacrifices/the remembrance of which "will cause all our hearts to beat high till we draw our latest breath, and wffl fill our latest posterity with pride," and it concluded by expressing confident «sssrance that if times of trouble came again, * the Gennaa host will ever, aa ten years ago, be the steadfast bulwark of the Fatherland." If this speech stood alone little need be said about it, save that it was like an old soldier addressing old soldiers who delight to fight their battles over again without necessarily having war in their hearts. The Emperor is credited with peaceful desires, aad every sentence of it may be construed as pacific. Bismarck ie credited with readiness if not eagerness for war, and it is quite possible to conceive of him as the author of the speech, and to construe its phrases as indicative of a de termination to precipitate a conflict if France does not cease to arm, and responsi ble men like Gambette continue to indulge in veiled threats. Words like the follow ing-, which we quote from the Fremce, express sentiments which are cherished deeply though not often so plainly and publicly uttered— a Do the Prussians sap pose that we shall rest content hi the 'Dante Inferno'in which we find ourselves, abandoning the hope of restoration of out beloved integrity? Bo they fancy that this nation has accepted from the bottom of their hearts the accomplished fact? No; let Germany be assured that availing our elves of oar financial advantages, we shall augment our armaments and equip our selves in such a way as shall put us beyond the fear of any German contingencies, and await the inevitable fall of that patched-up i empire—the oppressor of peoples and of races." That is what is meant to bb?mus of Frenchmen by the fetes of July and August. That is what is meant by the revived attention to the fleet, and by the slow, laborious, and ungrudging build ing up of an army which is admitted to be already better armed 'and better disciplined than ever before in the history of the nation. The Germans on the other hand ask in effect, do the French. Buppose that we are to sit tamely by till they mature their plans and perfect their strength. No! when the fitting opportunity comes we will avail ourselves of our pie sent material superiority and force on a conflict which in. the long run is inevitable by the showing of the French themselves The celebrations of the anniversary of Sedan mean this to millions of Germans. At the present time, when agitation is once more rife in Intend, and the British Government have felt themselves compelled again to institute criminal proceedings' against several leading members of Fuiia ment representing constituencies i? that country for proceedings tending to disturb the peace and union of the realm, a very peculiar interest attac&es; to the paWinttion of the -work of Sir Charles Groan Daffy, K.C.M.G., l*ie Speaker of the Victorian. Parliament, entitled "Youag Ireland,*' the irret portion of which appears in the Supplement given with to-day's Advertiser. It is kuw more than a century since ti«cry of repeal was raifed wi Ireland, and from tha time when the rebellion of Robert Emmott was crushed bj the execution of its lealer down to the present it may bs eaid there bae existed a party in that country wh« fffKdtae existence of the union with. Ureas Britain in ita present form as a* ootnm to tfce national feeling «f the Irish people. Robert Burnett, irbo bo doubt «M • visionary anthyrfast, has been waeaedad by men who, however mitrajnin, are tarnbly ia etrnaat. Daniel O'Ooanell took up the mt-nj from Emnwtt, but smw tke futility of codeavwing to bring about ? mpaal of Che Union by force of arms. He, however, thlwwall tia power of hja eloquenca into the owy and perwatently agitated in favor «f it both in and oat of ParGamant Hia were the dayi wne« Ireland bad cause for complaint. The legal dlaiAiHtie* onder wfcich ? largo portion «f ita people then nffemd am now lookad unon by the Bsatt loyal of EngHahman as a aionatrous wrong which ought never to ban orated. By dint of conscfentious per aifitency U'Oonnell in a great measure achieved a victory. It is mainly due to him that the Catholic Emancipation Act waa passed, and that fact alone is sufficient to render hk memory dear to all twebT??<rfUberty,aJUioughtheyn?ayhave little ■ympatby with the Cause of repeal. It would have been fortunate for Ireland had all aucceedinjr agitators who took up her cause posMsrod the genius and Moderation of the gnat ?bsntor, v big feUow-countrynen still km to eatt him. When he died Smith O'Brisn and his friends came to ths front and formed the party since known as that of M Young Iceland." The intimate history of this nxmment has oavsr haea published, and it h hardly possible that an account of it penned by one who enjoyed the doss friend shin of Its loaders, and shared in their aaparadons and its misfortunes, can be otherwise than intensely interesting, es pecfelry as it mast throw a mast important light on the present feeroazsand aims of the nationalist party in Ireland. Just such a history is the work which Sir Charles Oavan Duffy now gives to the wotM. He wasashanwinthecouiis&Uof; Smith PSves and his ecittenga?S, and his •aootutt of their proceedings is based «Uk? on hk «wn pasooal knowledge and on the private correspondence of hk friends with oas another, and with the editor of the Nation newspaper, then as now the onan of the lash ?Bti-Urfotikta. Ia addition, the paper* of thiMuuFnuMkllesgherand the minutes and cemwspondaace of the Irish Oaafodetu fjiw have been placed at the disposal of the author. The narrative of Bir Charles Qmh Duffy has, apart bom these eoosi demtio?a, a special dsim •poo the atten tion of the thoughtful and Impartial reader. Ha can daim to write from the amadnobt of one who, having the best intonate of Ireland at heart, can took hack ■paw the agitation in which he mingtod in hkyouthasamktako; and who* while he nay perhaps take too stern a Vlsw Of the naxaat in which Irish affairs have bees managed bj fee British Parlia ment, does so as a critic truly loyal to constituted authority and a faithful subject of lisr Majesty the Qneea. A* be himself asys, it k not hk aim to write in advocacy of a repeal of the Union, but rather by re calling the history of the past to enable Englishmen to confront facts courageously and discover the fountam4iead from which discord between England aad Ireland flows, and by so doing to ansly the remedies necesary to cement the poUtical union be tween the tw? countries. Mewrs. W uu tad Claave'e trader for the aew rtmbrmim Oha**h, ftort Adelaide, kM bM? mmpM, *• priM beiag, £MW. Jaoaea Shaw, 66 jean of ago, m ad ?ittedto*l?lia?pital«?Btaa^r*e*mbar 7, mtiUtuH frame, hmf thigh imwj by ? tall at MawlalviU*. Ab tdjovned meting of tin committee of the Ontetotttatom held on Friday * imSgij nl tfttMrt— fa pUeoot Mr. it £ fewrmteaMoMjMn received, and Mr. Otto Wetawdt w appatated by a majority of one ew to. Alfred jSral^, a reoest arrival froa feftfactd. With Deference to the new towa hall at iMdOHltelkl«M^JMn«?flrt«: at abeoDaaatt taring *4Mi abefee of Aawgaw far ato pnpoaad *>«£ fcojll a^h^amtwbOfemal JMBI MB^ula <afef j. _ . > J? MJ . ■gjipitiii iMWiNiilyi— ■in.iiilfarpT. iw? M>llwi—, I limn, —d <«fag phct." H?s half-holiday numement &t; Nun «wrt^««tftod • abort Haw ri«M,ftfp M i? to kiiniHMW- TbiktaApfnit tfomn *b«r «d^M?tte «rtTt«* ?«da«2^ • •r*ml iwnte «w* 4mm«wl fa the «acfca« &*U, ▲ Barried woman tamed Smith, of • *U4. -akh 4U «Utiy aftorwacd., \- •■ awnna* ? «a* fwinania of Mw motfaw befag anHiialil W aay bmAml aaaa «r aftoite a* 4ha «aw af to hMb, hI *«iimiiiii ■?i?M«ilaffuE?—ttafaggiwo I«Wa did m« nawrtnr as ftmt atioimy. AmaU am hmnUmM^ aob-fauertor 6«Ui«M to M^fly tha rMMiag «MtTo7jito. ftaatth, •faoiaui very pwecmuMtaiwai. On Sunday arming, Norember 7, the {«le« (spotted to tha city aomoor Mm Middra otMt «f • giri ut U oaaMd Mary Aaa BHtum, iiviac in Ocay- ctawt, off Ffaakun-«taeet. tnm OBiiHiriua auda it ww awartMasd that «t««Mad iiad baaa mbjact to tta for mom time, «• d tiMt *be nad ana a £e? bour« before bar death, but her friend*, thiokinf aha •roold re e >ver, deUjad aendiiig for medioal aid. Dr. Dium me aatlcd, and attaodad fatawdiataiy, but found tha (Ui dead, TUe eonmar, after vMtiiii tiic kaoae and intamamog the doctor, decided that m iaqoart waa aot uaeawmif. Tk? Collowia^ it Saturday monung'c •aatfav npaH a* tfc* aVaahuda aa4 Fort Oat«fal!alaa?j>bUaa)c--tlartDarwfa,S^«kMdy: day | tta teat, oii* duo, tfaatfmtarmyai- i day j StatOatfaarfae, eaba, dan, tfaudantom yartirtay; Daly Waton, aaJm, ahmdy. Cue; K«mU Onah, ?., alowly, tae; To?«artOmek ?t.W, afav, floa s Baraaw Oraek, aaba, dear, •aa; AUm Sptfaca,•>!«,alaar. toe; Obarfatte Watora, SB, daar, tea; Faafca, NX, alear, \ ?«l —wag—ya taprioga. 8.W., daar, fine; farfaa, «aha, alear, tae; Beltaoa, oaln, aloar, ! Mr. S. Holdinjr who left Mount Gambier fo* a Wy to Kngtand abaut aix montiie ago, wtwm?d Uat warf. itanrilim to the S. E. SUr httommAipmk&mkdjaltiteimpeoreme;?t in«d?ta the aod« of a«rinUnw ia JUeolDdiice dMi?gti>apa*t marterof aaentury. Heaays thaatatei^Uo? wooden pioogh is atm in oae aatitefaraten them naad ? yeana t t).aad that it [•dmm by three lunea. which are drinaoae beCmttie other a. in ttte daya of hia boyhood, f ."5 1?? •eythe-baadJea ace unknown in the dirtripthe wited.tte ahaigbtelickcotfioma «f%^"<ac hedge atUl doing do* «of fa feetttw farmeta have sot moved out of the goovem wh«h thairfatnaabefore ttom labored. When told tfaemvenee?«of men inAustra «• •*?a- H M I *«« ftrir 100aheep TdTj^ , ?on faaMdalaaa and would aot UUe/« the •tatoaictf that?umhar bei^ aonddered the M«ifc M tone mea. We have reoeired through MLessTs. E. S. Wiggk?oMaeoDy of the Bdubition edition of Sa official -jEindbook and G<ride toVic toria," oompfled by Mr. S. P. Whitworth. The work, whiafa ia got up with great taato and em beUUbtA with mapa aad plans photo-litho- CHphed from original* ia the Government Survey Office, baa been prepared to meet the «nnta of visitor* to tte Melbourne Exhibition. Everything that the etraomr aut desire in the •ay of infonn?t^aatolisbourne,it??nbnrbf, acdpUaei of mittest v theooaotry dietzicto, manner. In eddina? to atvanl very aaefal man* and plan* the vMioaV^dTSuwayXiS/wS giaph iW eucewet aeaount* an Jw fumUhed €f tiu different Government offices and their boar, of^jH-tae-^prTtantaThUeU.^S "l^f?"' *" *«?««* phweTof ?w a^, biding aa admirable catatogue of the •rt gallery, which gives a ■hort bMory and de serlption of each work of art. Persons ante- 1 qoatntedwith the neighboring oolony will find ; mooh of the ineonvenienee of ignoruoe ob- ! ▼fatedif they provide themselves with*copy 1 Of the-Guide I'before visiting it. Tlm first information laid in the colon* uaaertbonew Merchant Seamen's Wage* any Bating Ast was baud at the Fort Adelaide Polios Ooartou Saturday morning, Notember •. She infersaant <m • aeaman of the ship Oaklaada, who asked the court to eaneal hi* ■til—sat with the captain ob the grounds that ihe latter had osed threats to him, and had mated Urn badly io other ways. The S fe <Mr. B. J-Zozoar), after hearing tbe eri deoee «f the Informant, mU be bad some deobai whether the Wages sad Bating Act under whiah the application waa made had of yet come into operation in the oniony, lathe pujsent ease, however, it did not matter whether it bad or not, as the court did not think the dispute between toe informant and defendant warranted it ia rescinding the agree ment even if it bad power to do so. An aboriginal woman named Johanna Baas, better known as Johanna 8011, was re eentjy admitted to the Haunt Oanbier Hos pital suffering from a broken arm, canted by a gunshot wound. She died Cram blood poisoning on Wednesday, November 3. She was visited (aajs the Smak-Baster* Star) by Ha. Jam. Smith, the protector of aboriginals for the district, and bf the Bev.B.ala?ternn^ previous to herdeaUu fi>ey faond her very sensible, and she expressed her determination not to return to bosh life should she recover. Her account of the acci dent waa that a man named Dunn Bartiett re quested her to hold the can while he eat op •mm tobacco, and that while it was in her band she slipped from the log on which she was standing and her foot touched the trigger, which oanaal the charge to explode, and the (hot to braak her arm. A bandage was placed so tightly tound the injured limb v to stop the riroulatioa of the blood, and it was some time before a conveyance could be «*t?tn?* to bring her to Mount Gembiar. Had the noshed at tontioa and skilful treatment promptly the pro bability it Oat she would soon have recovered. Ida. Smith tells as that part of the chaige must have entered above the elbow, and ttiat death was quite unexpected op to Wednesday morn ing, we paor woman seemed to fret greatly at the absence of her father, whom she frequently m pressed a wish to see. He is in the vicinity erUwOlenelg. Mr. Matthew Burnett held his third tempwranse maw musting at Pott AAjMiA^ on Saturday evening, November «. Aa on the awnfcu— e—slaus there was a very large at fa?linns. Dr. Bollaa presided, and then wan alas on the platform Mr. W. Stephens (hon. aw.), Mr. B. Hounalow, and the Beve. & Bay aMod.J.O.Kirby, J. Price, A. Btuhfaa, and B. Kelly. In opening the proceedings the chair aja?tavealflngsililieaiontemperanoe,recom- flff praranttas-nTwnfcanws Mr afstlWiwllnmntt | fallowed with an able temperance address. HftaUaded to his recent visit tethaStotbade, where he had •stained promiaea from 100 of the inmate* sever to toneh faftoAmtinr drinki again. In the Adelaide Gaol be hadjaanaged toaatflOperoant.af the prisoner* to sign the pledge, about a dasan of whom when they left the gaol bad -irMrhnr 1 sitoatians through bis means. He had also a few days pcevumsly visited the reformatory hulk, and gamed pledges bom all the boys there. Xne £cv. J. ftiee also spoke on *—r**?-~ During the mising selection of mnaic were given by the Magnl Band and several amateur*. A.aamt under the aMesupermteadeneeflf Mr. ■LMorgaawasalso iaatteadaaca. Mr.Bnraett's trmpwanee meetings at Fnrt Adelaide iuve beta remarkably aoaeemfuL During the week just dosed S5O piedges were taken (which in clude* the boys on the reformatory hoik). At Saturday night's meeting 84 additional liga tures were taken, making • total on ta the present timeot UN pledges for Port Adelaide and its suburbs. On Soaday evening Mr. Bir nett preacfaed in the Wealeyan Church. Port Adelaide, taking as hk subject "The great charge." Mr. William Jones ha* shown as a Masonic Begister.puWished by Messrs Welling ton Jones, k Co, of Philadelphia, which will donbtleai be highly appreciated by member* of the craft in this colony. As a specimen of steel engraving the register must rank as a work of art of more than ordinary excellence. The design gathers much of its effectiveness from the artistic grouping of the .various M—"t~ emblems. Beginning at the top the first figure is that of the all-seeing eye;on one aide is the eon, and directly underneath a repre ■eamJaon of morning radiant with joy and gladneat; on the other ii the moon, representing rest, win a figure of a tired child below, reclining on twtftin of its' guardian angel. Between these figure*, in the centre of the design, is an omamentsi panel for the name of thehrother. Directly underneath is a figurative itprwiitatiju of the boundless nets of the fraternity hi the farm of a sphere, bearing on its front a apace for the Masonic history of she brother whose name is inscribed on the register. On the top of this sphere there are the Bible, the square, compasses, and trowel, emblematical of the principles that unite and guide the actions of to* brotherhood. Intfae rear, part* of a tabernacle and tented house ate shown, intended to represent the progenitors of oar race, and the patri archal homes in which the principles of Mosanry yen first conceived. The picture is bordered by a pair of column*, ornamented above the capitals with chapiters enriched with lOjwork, outwork, and pomegranate*, emble matical of Mace, unity, and plenty. Boating on tiie chapiter* are representations of the celestial and terrestrial parts of the universe. On tae pfllar to the right is a efaield bearing the ia.it of tfee brother's initiation, with the articles cf the craft presented to him on that oocasion, and also figurative representations of the fcececsary preparations to be undergone before the consummation of that event. Draped In front of the pillar on tbe right is a certificate of membership with seal attached, and to tbe left of this again is tbe significant emblem, ** Tbe point within the circle," bordered by two per pendicular parallel lines, ao well knoirn^o every Ifason. The pillar on the opposite aide bears a shield containing the date when the brother pacaed the F.C. degree with the usual emblem*. Parsing over tbe many other amhlai^. worked together in tbe design we find at the tuttom of tbe sphere "the broken ealumn," and other representations of the dose of the brother's earthly career. On a figured pedestal a space is left to be filled in after the brother's death, giving tbe date of that event and other parti cuUrs eon netted with bis Masonic career. Tbe design is printed on best quality Brictol boud, 22 x2B inches in size, and apart from its value a* a hurogljpfcic chart, record, diploma, and monitor, poetesses many attrtctiona at an en graving. It will be seen by advertisement in arcUier edamn that the &?& pjn. train from Adelaide to Gawler will be continual ta Kepunda on Tuesday next. It will be eeen by advertisement that the steamer Emu will sail for Fort Piria on Thurs day next instead of on Wednesday, her usual day. This alteration ha* been mused through the 9th being a holiday. -""wiuga A conversazione in connection with the Adelaide Young Men's Society will be held this ' evening in the Stow Ijectnre-hall. The musical portion of the entertainment will be under the direction of Mr. W. B. Snox. The test firing for places in the team which in to represent South Australia in the forthcoming international rifle contest in 1 Victoria was concluded at the Fulham ranges on Saturday, November 6. The weather was fine bat unfavorable for good shooting, a* tbe light was very strong and a deceptive mirage prevailed. The team uto be choaen to-day. The S. A. l'acfat dub celebrated the opening of tbe season by a procession on the Poit fiiver on Saturday, November 6. The weather was exceedingly favorable, and the evolatamsof the yacht* and rowing boats from the Port and Adelaide Club* were witnessed by nearly 400 guests from the deck of the Ade laide, steaaur. On Friday, November 5, a pigeon match was fired at'fiairne for a silver cup presented by a local Boniface. The Mount Barker paper states that there were a dozen competitors, in cluding aome noted shots. The proceedings pommenwd with a sweep, which was won by Mr. Tates, of the Morning Star, and eventually the cup was carried off by the same competitor after an exciting contest for it with Mr. Griffin, of Woods ide, several ties having to be shot off. The birds were very strong, and when they rose were quickly out of range and sight too. The following team has been chosen to play agamat the Adelaide and Suburban Associa tion Eighteen en Saturday. November IS, on tie Oval:—Mean. B. J. Furnell (captain) Knill, BlimtiMi, Arthur, Caterer, Botten, Brown, MHriiell, Thnrgarland, Norman, Waldron; emergency men—Stow, Ayers, and Qoilty. At the last meeting of the committee preliminary arrangements were made for giving the Aus tralian Bleven a hearty public welcome on their return, and the sub-committee meet early in the week to make final erraogeinents for their re ception. Oar readers will be interested in learning «*at Mr. Allison, who is in Melbourne, has re ceived a cablegram from Triekefct, atsting he is in excellent health and certain of success in bis great contest with Hanlan on the 15th inst. Some of our leading sportsmen among the Adelaidians who are now in the Victorian nwtropous have subscribed a thousand pounds to send home for the parooee of basking TriefceM; and this practical expression of their confidence in his prowess will no doubt stimu late the Sydney oarsman to row bis hardest and his best when he meets the Canadian in the race for the championship of the world. ■ Tier? wag a large attendance at Garner* Theatre on Saturday night, when Professor Pepper gave another of his highly Interesting entertainments. Tbe programme was a very good one, and embraoed weird, goblinistic, fantastic, romantic, incomprehensible, and en- I chanting effects. The magieian'd startling tere lattonswith tbe floatingheai,and Cupid and the love letter, were well reoeived. The shadow pantomime and the live insects jumping about in a drop of water evoked much surprise. To- I rocrrow evening the entertainment uaunnnnoed Ito illustrate "Gunpowder and fireworks." The i professor will also photograph tbe ghost on the fttage, and distribute 250 cards amongst tbe audience. On Friday night he will take hi< benefit,when tile remainder of the phorigrapb.4 will be given away. On this occasion Professor Pepper will burn a diamond furnished by Mr. I Bay, jeweller, and among a nnmber of brilliant experiments he will exhibit a live canary in tbe i ccutre of a large flame. I The following are the entries and handi caps for ;tbe athletic sports in connection with the Catholic picnic in the Exhibition grounds, to-morrow:—100 yard* flat race—T. Uubbls, scratch; J. Irving. 5 yards; J. Badford, 5 yards; J. TiMen.6 yards; J. Fitegerald, 7 yards; E. Coonan,7 yards; A. Farmer.7 yards; K. Fits> gerald, ? yards; J.Btowd, 10^rards. 280 yards flat race—T. Hubble, scratch; J. Irving, 12 yards; J. Badford, 13 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 12 yards; J.TUdea. 14 yards. 280 yards hurdle raee^T. Hubble, sarateh; K. Ooloey, 7 yards; B.J. Jndd, 9 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 12 yards; W. Bawbey. 13 yards. 150 yards hurdle rase— T.Hubble, scratch; B. Ootbey. 4 yards; E. J. Judd, 6 yards; J. Fitzgerald, 7 yards; B. Fitzgerald, 8 yards; W. Bawbey, 8 yards. Three mile bicycle race —W. Knonel. I scratch; J. Tinaley. 80 yards; W. Nell, 100 I yards; L. F. Sillitoo, 100 yards; W. Tyler. ISO yards; E. Lapthorne, 200 yards. Half-mile flat race—T. Hubble, scratch; J. WhitUesea, 5 yards; W. Frauos, 5 yards; J. Butler, IS yards; J. Morrison, 15 yards; A. Smith, 26 yards; A. Farmer, 80 yards; B. Ooonan, 45 yards; J. Brown, 60 rards. j A. drill review and athletic eporta in coenectaofi with the North AMr\A? Grammar School took place at tbe foot of MontefioreHiU ' on Saturday afternoon, November 0. There ' wa* a )era?attendai??of competitors and their | friends, and the majority of the event* were | well contested. Tbe Oonoordia Band was in j attendance, and added to the enjoyment of the proceedings by playing several selections of mask. Tbe following are the results of the varioos events :—Hundred yards fiat race, far boysunderten yean of age, *pectrograpu. K. CuUen; time, IS sees. Honored yards flat race for boys under twelve yean of age. parlor game, presented by Mr. W. C. Btgby, K. Dobbs; time, 14 sec*. Hundred yards flat race, for boy* under four teen years of age, ciekal silver clock, P. Wbrtby; time, 13| sees. Hundred yards cham pion nee, silver cup, M. B. Bandell; time, 11 sees. Bunuing high jump, gentleman's travel ling bag, T. A. Wilson, scratch; height 5 feet 1 inch. Two hundred and tweuty yards flat nee, for boys under thir teen years of age. electro-plated jcily dub, P. Whitby, scratch; time, 31 i sec? Two hundred and twenty yards handicap flat raw, for boys over thirteen yean of age, bitter cooler, M. B. Bandell, scratch; time, 29 sees. Throwing the cricket ball, aU^er pencilcase, J. RJeherdMO; distance, 95 yams, tbmning bop, atep, and jump, pbotc Waum, A. Unoo. dis tance, 36 feet 8 inches. Drill review, ladie*' b.->g,wonby tbe company under tbe command of Mr. 3. H. Lyons, lug of war, won b; Mr. Lyons's team. Wnnwins; long jump, atanvuiam pordkare, A. Lawaon; distance, 18 feet 6 rccbes. Two hundred and twenty yard* hindi «sp hurdle race, for boy* under fourteen yean of age, kaleidoscope, W. Xrfixmoore, S yards; ivory pencilease.T.Dobbs, 10yards; time, 87) sec*. Two hundred and twenty yards handicap hurdle race, for boys over foorteen yean of age, opera ghua, M. B. Bandell, scratch; aluminium penciloase, 3. D. Brace, 8 yards; time. 3« sees. klcsingtoetball. drop kick, gentlemen's travel ling bag, A. Lawsut. Half-mile handicap, for boys under fourteen year* of age, silver cup, W. lAxmoore, scratch; game, T. Dobbs, 20 yards; time, 2 mia. 59 sees. Mile race, handicap, silver watch, J. D. Bruce, 10 yards; kaleidoscope,P. Ajltffe.4o yard*; inkstand, K. D. Wbyte, SO yards; time.flmin.24sec*. OldMhohus'race, 150 yards haudkap flat, gold locket, W. Oowaa; time, lfti seas. The latt concert of the series of Mayor* Popular Concerts which bare been given daring the pats few months was held in the Town HaU on Saturday evening. November 6. The anginal teries of ooncarts was concluded about a month ago, but it was arranged, much to the eatisfaotion of a large number of person*, to give four additional entertainments, and Saturday evening's eoneert was tbe condttding one of the supplementary course. When these entertain ment* for the pvuple were inaugurated aome doubts were expressed as to their fulfilling ths intended purpoar, but tbejr soosess coon became undenial^.sndaweharaoterofsbeeottoartswa* improved from time to time until they became euaicientiy high dasa to meet with tbe apprecia tion of the most exacting. It is not desirable to draw comparisons, but it may safely be Mid that tbe last concert was one of the host and most suooesrfal of tite season. There was agood attendance in all parts of the hall, and the pro gramme was carried out in admirable style und*r tbe ccuductorsLip of Moos. ?f«riih. n ao d Mr. Goo. Bobertson. Mr. T. H. Jonas opened the eDterteii?ment by playing the over ture to tbe "Bohemian Girl" on the organ. Tbe muaio was dene full justice to and tho num ber appeared to be thoroughly appreciated1. Mr. T. fciarrovay contributed tbe aong "Kuby" (Gabriel) iv a tasteful aud effective manner, bis voice being well suited to tLe song. The violoncello tola, " Impromptu" (ttarmtton), giv« n by Mr. F. Winterbsttom, it AM , waj * treat, and the performance wag eutbu binrtieaUv received by ibe audieoce. M?Jame Uobcrtson gave the song, "To my guid iug star" <Uobandi), by request, with a violoncello obligate. Madame Kobcrtson had a fair opportunity of displaying her talent as a vocalist, and tbe song was given with rare expression and finish. The audience «-xpressed their approval in a hearty nisoner, •cd demanded a reappearance. Moos! Heiiban gave the audienoe a most enjoy able exbibition of his ability as a piauist He played " Marche Fuo^bre" (Beethoven), 14 Funeral March of a Marionette" (Goono i ),aud "March from Tannhausser" (Wagner), each selection being rendered in sueb a manner ai to call forth enthusiastic applause. Mr. G. H. Nash gave the song "The Vagabond" (Molloy) in his usual pleasing style, and this number closed the first portion of the programme Mr Narroway, after tbe interval, sang "The Arab's farewell" (Blockter) in a ppiritod and highly creditable manner, and Mr. Winter- I bottom followed with anotner violoncello solo "Andai>tino and allegro" (TooraJ, which was j highly appreciated. Madame EoberUon gava a cavatina and allegro from "Due Foscari" (Verdi) in a most excellent manner, and was rewarded for her efforts with tbe unstinted appUuM of the audience. Mons. Meilhan met with a good reception on his second appearance I it the piano, and kept bis hearers charmed for a ' considerable time with the music which he pro duced. A dueti «H Pallor Fnnesto," from "IjUci* oi'Lammermoor,'' br Madame Bobertson end Mr. G. H. Nasb, was thoroughly eoioyed, ■•, *" •*•? the organ solo, selections from "Ixanbardi" (Verdi), by Mr. Jones. The audience throughout the evening signified their hearty approval of the numbers, and the con cert passed off most succee fully. These con certs have proved to be a source of pleasure to such a huge number of citizens that it is to be sincerely hoped they will be resumed when tbe proper time arrives next year. 