iOCAL INJVELLIGEgNCE. Th.e" wild man " of Tallarook has turned out. a very tame one indeed. He was brought up at the Kilmore Police Court on Thursday for vagrancy, and, under such an elastic. charge, was ordered six months' iuiprisonument. The man gave the name of Hoinricko Nelson, and although some pro: visions were found in the cave he inhabited. he could not satisfy the Bench he had any means of oupport, hut appeared stolid and indifferent. Although T, Hunt, J.P:, waI' Q n the bench ihe-td'tl': uo part in the decision; (not having heard all the evidence) which was given by Messrs. fartuall and Dowling J's.P. _Mrs Darcy, wife of the late Michael Darcv, Esq., of Marengo, Seymour, died last week in her 60th year. Deceased was a very old colonist, and was a resident of Seymour dis trict for nearly 40 years. The remains, which were followed to their last resting place by numerous friends. were interred in the Seymour cemetery on Friday afternoon, Fathers Farrelly and Kearns performing th.e burial rites. Mir. Bernard M',Manns has been appointed returning officer for the School District of Bylands and Glenburnie and Willowmavin vice Mr. D. J. Kennedy deceased. Elsewhere we give a full report of the horse parade held on Saturday last, as well as of the inquiry on the body of Mr. P. Skehan. Messrs. Win. Adamson &O; Go., intend holding a sale every month at ilihe Shire Yards, Kilmore, the first sale will beheld on8aturday the 18,th Sept.,and the irm will continue to hold sales on the 3rd Saturday in eve.y month. We are pleased that the firm mentioned has undertaken, the task re ferred to, which will no doubt prove profit able to themselves as N#ell as an immense advantage to farmers, dairymen and others, who will have dealers brought on the ground to purchase fat, store, and dairy stock, as wel' as dairy produce, poultry, &c;: Besides establishing a monthly market as indicated the firm will conduct sales of property, and purpose dealing liberally with their clients. Another old 'resident has gone to his long homne, Mr. Patrick Skehan, aged about seventy years, being found dead in his bed on Monday morning last. Deceased was a good-natured kindly man, and he must have died without a struggle, the bedolothes having been wrapped round apparently as they were when he went to sleep. He was last seen alive on Saturday evening last. A magisterial inquiry as to the cause of death was hold on Monday afternoon, when on the evidence of Mr. Brook, surgeon, a verdict that deceased died of serious, apoplexy was returned. A sad occurrence took place at Pyalong on Sunday last, resulting in the death of Mrs. Loughman, wife of Mr. J. Loughman, and the narrow escape of a daughter aged ten years. It may he mentioned that Mr. Loughman and five of the older members of the family have selected near the Murray, and are now located there, leaving Mrs. Loughman and daughters 17 and 10 years old, as well as a boy about seven, in the old home near Pyalong. Whether it was the fact that the family was thus divided or some other matter preyed upon Mrs. Lough- man's mind, there is no doubt that she had been down spirited for some days prior to Sunday last, when the sad event referred to took place, because since Monday, the 17th instant she exhibited symptoms of anxiety which principally found vent in expressions of fear that something was about to happen to her absent husband. On Sunday morn- ing, however, Mrs Loughman appeared restored to her customary spirits and was about her work milking cows, attending the dairy, and looking after household affairs generally during the absance of the oldest remaining daughter at church, from whence she returned about eleven a.m. The ordinary mid-day meal was prepared by Mrs. Lough man, and partaken of by herself and family, and subsequent to this she went to renew some fire in the dairy, the oldest daughter at the time being engaged in the house, and the two youngest having gone to play in the neighborhood of the same place. The latter having heard a scream in the neighbor_ hood of a covered well, about 40 yards from the house, and which had been in disuse for months, the girl, aged ten, sang out "mother is in the well,"and ran to the place where, in her excitement, she either fell or jumped in to save her mother. Immediately after the oldest daughter reached the spot, and only in time to release her sister whom she hauled up by the hair of the head. Mrs, Loughman never rose to the-surface at all and was drowned without a possibility of saving her, although, there were only 9 feet of water which was within eighteen inches of the surface, in the well. Deceased was 47 years of age, and well respected, her death, under the sad circumstance related, creating quiet a gloom over the whole of the neighbor hood. A blackguardly and dangerous habit has been indulged in for some time past in the neighborhood of this office, much to the annoyance and dread, of residents iu the immediate neighborhood, who up to the present have not been able definitely to trace the disturber. On Saturday afternoon at, least two persons had a most narrow escape from beipg struck with a brick which would. most assuredly have maimed if not killed anybody it would hit, because. it was thrown with suech force as to crumble into many pieces by con~tet with the wall of Mr. O'Neil's store. On Monday night the game was carried on higher up the. street, and tihe Royal Oak. Hotel seemed to be thp object of attack, missiles being thrown on the roof of the billiard room, and in one case we believe through a. window in the main building. The practice referred to is most danger ous,, and. for the. q.uietness.of the town we trust it will be discontinued or the offender or offenders brought to condign punishment. The "Ghost," about which thero has beon,a good deal of talk lately, has disappeared from the neigh borhood of the Kilmore Railway station, and will very likely not be.heard of again for some time. I Perhaps his ghostship has devoted his attonti~ to throwing stones in Kilmore lately. The present position of the Mangalore Railway statnjon boing.rather dangerous for traffic, we undor otand the department contemplates romoving same a mile or so farther north. The Gravel Fits siding, a mile south of station referred to, will likely not he interfered with as it will be most useful for firewood traffic, an4 a source of revenue to the railway de partment. At the Kilmore Police Court on Saturday last, before MBr, Dowling, J.P., Rose Sheedy was die charged for being found on premises, Brpadford, without lawful excuse. On.Tueasdaylast, before Messrs. Dowling and MI Burney, Js.P., two men named Frederick Wake and i'illiam Antony were. I charged with having, on the 23rd instant, at Broad ford, been.in posccssion of portion of a sheep imr properly taken or stolen, and not satisfactorily accounting for same. The men were remanded t, 26th inst, for production of witnesses for defence. Thq House steward of the Kilmoro Hospital forr wards a return, of all the patients who died in the institution since the let January, 1880:-William Rennie, died, 1st January, aged 62 years-paralysis.; Mary Tremrayne, Glenluce. Victoria, servant, died 18th, J.anuary, aged 21 years--4isease .of bt'ain; John, .Brpown, laborer, Liverpool, died 20tZi.January, aged 32 year,J-wound:of throat.; William Iain, Kil more, 'V.ictoria, died 21st arch,. aged l.-years disease odf liver; James Washington, labourer, Phila. delphia,, 'I..A., died 6th, April, aged,40 vears-, ,moreus cordis; Jpbohn Daly, laborer, Tipperary Ire, land, died 13th May, aged,64 years-cerebral etfusion ; W -iip am1., lson, painter, Manchester, Eugland, died. 28th May--fever; John. Flack, laborer, Cavanl Ireland, died 6th June, aged 42. vears.--phthisis ; David M'Nicol, laborer, Forfarshire, Scotland, dlied 2sth July, aged 74.years-- senile gangrene; George ming, labbrer, Buckinghamrnshire, died 31st July, ged 60 years--diseaso of brain; John Olarke, shoe nautker, Warwick, England, dipd 3rd, Auigust, aged 68 Syers--gastric catarrh. 1l FREE G~FTS,!--The propritors of. WorIaF's An:pnAtle ScP.IEDAM Scee,An:s, o induce the de. stricetion and; prevent' the improper use.of, the. wrappers and labels, and, thus ;further protect the Public against fraud and decep tion, have.incplosed in the wirappers o; under the labels on the quart bottles' since let October, 1.878, and continue to inclose i EYVIRI DAY'S PAGCING. TIEROUOJIOUT THE rutn, 'HR lE £1 ORID.ERS, which e nra draw. ,,nnn thn iundrn~crm,,t .n,i ,.,:,. L Z *1 Scashed by them on presentaion. '1. secure hpse.so Gifts, the Public nust be carefuX to. ask fcr, and accept nothing but the G?NuIN TB oLrPco WOLFE'S Sc1fA,?rs, with our name upon the top, labelJ M. IVoss & Co., WynyardLano, Sydney. The application of Alexander M'Isaac, for,82a 2r S9p, Glenaroua, is gazetted approved, David M'Leish's 26 acres, announced as being I available, is gazetted withdrawn from seolection, A remarkable Fenian outrage is reported from Ireland. A British vessel, the Juno, lying in Queenatown Harbor, was boarded by a number of Fenians. who overpowered the crew and seized the vessel. The crew of the Customs boat who oatre to discover the cause of the noise were also taken prisoners. The Fenians searched the ship for arms, but secured only forty-seven rifeos. They then rowed ashore and cut the telegraphic wires, to prevent information of the affair being flashed over the country. They vere followed by the police and six have been arrested, te other delinquents being still at large. 