? THB OPEEA. — The repetition of " H.M.S, Pinafore" at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening attracted a large attendance, the dress-circle being filled and the other parts of the house crowded to a greater or less ^extent—- in fact it was a thoroughly representative an<iience. The people appeared to heartily enjoy the performance throughout, and evidently appreciated the advantage of hearing the sparkling little musical satire well sung. There was no lack of applause, and most of it waa well merited. The same piece will be presented to-night. PBOFEBSOK PEPPER'S GHOST. — Garner's Theatre was again fairly patronised on Wednesday night, when Professor Pepper's clever ghost entertainment was repeated. The audienoe was delighted more especially with the shadow pantomime, the barber's spectral visitors, and tho panoramic viewB of Afghanistan. At tonight's performance the Professor will distribute photographs of " the lovers in the umbrella," a sketch taken by Mr. Dobson by the instantaneous process. CONCERT AT GAWLEB.—The concert given in aid of St. Peter and St. Paul's Church, Gawler at the Institute Sail on Tuesday evening, was a great success, and the room was crowded. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the entertainment:—The Misses Morris, McOreanor, and Parkes, Mesdames Sweeney and Beadnall, and Messrs V. Stewart, Parkes, J. P. Jones, Burton, C. James, and Murch. A feature in the programme was the performance of an instrumental trio " Iphigeaie in Tauris," by Miss Flora Stewart (six years old) first violin, Miss Daisy Stewart (eight years old) piano, and Mr. V. Stewart second violin. Mr. Vernon Stewart acted as musical conductor, and Miss Morris and Mr. Wendlandt as pianists. The cash taken at the door amounted to upwards of £22. MAYOR'S POPULAR CONCERTS.—'We were in error in stating that last Saturday night's en- tertainment at the Town Hall was the concluding one of the series of Mayor's popular concerts. Three mose are to be given, that next Saturday night being under the direction of Mr. Oughton.the following one under the conductorship of Mr. Pybus, and the third under that of Mr. Robertson. The proceeds of the concerts are to be handed to His Worship to be devoted towards the purchase of a rotunda. CONCERT AT THB ALBERT HALL.—On Saturday next a concert will be given in the new Albert Hali by a grand combination of vocal and instrumental artistes. Most of the prin cipai members of the Opera Company will take part in it, together with several local ladies and gentlemen, all of whom are favourably known to the Adelaide audiences. We are also informed that two talented instrumentalists, who have never yet appeared here on the concert platform, wiil make their debut on the occasion BBOMPTOM WKSLEYAK OHUECH BAZAAR.— About the beginning of the present year the trustees of the Brompton Wesleyan Church received an offer of £100 on condition that the congregation raised the sum of £500. They also received promises from a number of gentlemen in various sums amounting to £250 upon the same condition. That condition has been met; the members of the congregation headed by ihe trustees have subscribed the £500, but they have done more. In order to reduce the debt by a clear £1,000 the ladies of the congregation have been at work for some months past preparing a variety of things for a bazaar, and the date of opening was fixed for November 10 in the schoolroom, Brompton, active pre parations for which have been going ou for some days past. The scene on entering the room was cheerful in the extreme, free use had been made of evergreens and flowers for decoration, and the smiling ladies behind the stalls appeared quite ready and anxious to commence business. At the time appointed, 3 p.m., a hymn was sung, and the Rev. R. M. Hunter made a few appropriate remarks in introducing the Hon. John "Golton, M.P., who bad consented to open the bazaar. Mr. Golton on rising was warmly received. He said he should feel surprised if the ladies did not preponderate in number on such an occasion as the present, as the work chiefly devolved on them, and he heartily congratulited them on the display he saw before him. Having always felt considerable interest in the cause at Brompton, be was very pleased to hear that they had made such successful efforts to reduce the debt ou their handsome and spacious church. Some people had said that they thought the erection of such a building premature, but he (Mr. Colton) was pleased to hear that on special occasions they found that they had no room to spare. (Cheers.) Mr. Colton then formally declared the bazaar open. Aiter a verse of the National Anthem had been sung, business was at once commenced. ' A really good display of useful things were to be seen on the respective stalls presided over by Mesdames Lawton, Tregensa, Whiting, Rcseigb, J. H. Shearing, and Bradley, Misses Prime, Langman, and Bradley. A Christmas-tree and flower-stand were under the charge of several young ladies, and Mrs. James Coombe and Mrs. Neyle had charge of the refreshment-table. During the evening a large number of visitors and buyers were present, and great activity prevailed on the part of the sellers. Several musical selections were given by Mr. W. R. Pybus, and several ladies alternately presided at the pianoforte. The day's takings were estimated to be about £70. This evening Mr. Gow Jukufifar will be present. THB SOBATA.—The work of covering the rents in the Sorata with bags of clay still continues. The possibility of getting the steamship off has been so far depended upon that Captain Fowler has marked off a site for receiving her at Kingscote, which he visited on Sunday last for the purpose of determining whether it was a suitable place to take her to. The intention, as soon as Bhe can be righted for the voyage, is to tow her thence to Melbourne. The steamer Albatross took down 200 bags of clay yesterday, and 10,200 bags of seaweed for the same object on Monday, November 8, together with anchors and ehainft for mooring her upon her coming off. The pumps have a command over the water in the hold, but no attempt to pump the vessel dry will be made until there is sufficient water for floating her, which will be at next springs. PrsLic TBACBEBS' CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.— In reference to a paragraph which appeared in the Register ef November 10 detailing the particulars of a meeting of the Public Teachers' Association, at which a resolution was carried that the Minister of Bducation should be asked to extend the Christmas holidays to four weeks, we are requested to mention that the Minister had already decided to grant an extra week, which concession has been notified to the teachers by circular. 