stories Wùlât ©a the Bos Seat* IV.-THE GHOST OP GUNDAROO FLAT. WK were shoddy-hawkers (commercial travellers we termed ourselves, to humour our self-conceit, but as this is a vera oiouB and straightforward narrative, and the truth must be told, I candidly confess that our calling was but that of shoddy-hawking). We travelled in company, and told lieB in oompany, for mutual benefit ; but our interests were distinct-i.e., each carried his own goods with him in his buggy, and his profit and loss had nothing whatever to do with those of his comrade. I was, comparatively speaking, « new hand at the work, and consequently had at first been glad to avail myself of the privilege of travelling in company with my present oompanion, who was thoroughly versed in all the ohicanery of our not very reputable vooation. He rejoiced in a long Irish name commencing with « o&pital; "O," and, on first introduction, his vulgar assurance, vapouring off-hand manner, and swaggering assumption of gentility, passed current with those who knew no better, and who, mistaking the plated article for the real metal, took him, for a while at least, to be, what in his own self conceit he fully imagined he was, " a raal giutlemin ;*' but, unfortunately, a very short acquaintance revealed the true character of the man and his counterfeit eccentricity. This was my first, and indeed my only trip, in hit oompany ; and »»»?»?-- -r-J ' --- although 1 cannot say that I was overburdened with a oonscieuoe, for I could vow my miserable wares were the choicest productions of the most celebrated looms, and tell lies in the way of trade with any Jew that ever stepped, yet my companion's mean tricks and low dodges com- pletely disgusted me with his society, and made me at times feel ashamed to own bim as a mate. One of his ways j of obtaining money was as follows. He was a very fair billiard player, and it was his custom at any town he «topped at to call in at one of the billiard rooms, play a few games of billiards, which he took care to lose and pay for ; then he would propose pool, or some similar game. If he won, well and good, he went off satisfied and gloating ; but if he lost, he would continue playing till after the hotel bars were closed, and sometimes till morning, getting the unfortunate marker to stake for him, as he would state he had only cheques in bis pocket, which he would ostenta- tiously display ; when he retired to his hotel he would in an off-hand manner ask the marker the amount of the "thrifle" he had staked for him, promise to call down and pay him directly after breakfast, when he intended to have a long day's play at the table, which he highly approved of, «nd the next morning, when the unfortunate marker was looking for his appearance (wanting, perhaps, the money he had advanced bim to pay his rent), the swindler waa well on his road to the next township, chuckling to himself over the manner in which he had robbed the poor man ; and when he would get into company with another of his own kith, he would recount, with many variations and amend ments, and in a humorous strain, the mean trick he had been guilty of, and look for applause for his sharpness. At one hotel where we stopped he changed a bad sovereign which we had brought from town with bim, and although he heard the unfortunate barmaid blamed for taking it from two travellers who had changed a sovereign there that morning, and knew that the landlord intended to deduot the amount from her wages for her carelessness, yet he only chuckled to himself as he thought how well he had done the thing, and boasted to me afterwards of his cleverness. As may be supposed, I was soon sick of travelling in such company, and was glad when we turned to retrace our [ steps to Sydney again. Às shoddy-hawking is a line of business that some may not understand the tactics of, I will relate our method of proceeding to work. A large supply of shoddy of various patterns having been purchased, a quantity of it is cut off into lengths to resemble remnants, and a certain amount of these are made up into parcels, and sent up to the various towns we intend to visit, there to await our arrival. The newspapers are then consulted to discover a large dre, a serious shipwreck, or a heavy mer- cantile failure, either of whieh is turned to account and settled upon as the assigned cause of our travelling into the country with a similar assortment in our buggies to that whioh we have already despatched to await us at the various townB, and which, to close accounts, or some other plausible reason, we offer at an extraordinary low price. We travel as quickly as we can, by the back roads, from township to township, calling at all the stations, farmers' houses, hotels, &c;, and displaying our stock of goods (stating they are all we have left out of a large quantity we Drought with ne), which consisted of the salvage from the late terrible disaster (shipwreck, fire, or failure, aB the case may be), and expressing our willingness to dispose of those few remaining things at even a greater aaorifice than ever, just to clear out our buggies (not a word of course is said about the fresh stock awaiting us at the next township), and the further to impose upon our customers we carry with us a few samples of articles the values of which are well-known, auch aa wool bales, corn baga, aheara, &c;, which we exhibit and offer to supply at a price of about one-half their whole Bale coat price in Sydney. For these articles we take orders to a large amount, the gooda to be forwarded directly we return to town (need it be said theae orders are never sent) ; bnt the low prices we ask for these articles, the market value of which ia BO well known, helpa us to dispose of our rubbish, which, the purchaser subsequently discovers to his oost, falls to pieces the first time it is worn, even if it stands the test of being made up. In this way do we "commercial travellers" push through the country, from town to town, each season taking a different route, and taking care not to travel over the same track for many years. On such an expedition during the spring of 187- it was my luck to tra'vel into the southern diatriota, and my com- panion on thia trip waa, as I before stated, Mr., or aa he delighted to be called, "Captain" O'Flaherty, who, besides his stock of shoddy, carried a selection of booka and pic- tures of an immoral,nature, which he sold at an enormous profit to young fellows in the bush. Our trip was, muoh to my delight, now nearly completed, and aa we left Queanbeyan on our return to Goulburn, my companion boasted to me of the "bunts" be had made on this trip, which meant the amounts he had swindled hotel-keepers, billiard-markers, and barmaids out of, and the profits he had made from the sale of the prints and books before mentioned. Instead of taking the route via Ginniaderry to Gundaroo, where we intended to stop that night, we took the lower or old road, and did not leave Queanbeyan until the afternoon, the dist- ance being, aa well aa I now remember, but about fourteen miles. Soon after we left town, however, O'Flaherty's horse knocked up, although the day was not a warm one, and eventually, from progressing only at a slow walk, he refused to go any further, and lay down on the road. There was now nothing to be done but to take him out ol harness, the which we did, and O'Flaherty leading him, and sometimes shoving bim along, and with his buggy tied behind mine, we managed to reach, just about dark, a large I deserted house, some five or six miles from Gundaroo. We now determined to proceed no further, but to make the best we could of the accommodation offered by the deserted building and what rations we had with us, hoping that the sick horse would be better able to travel in the morning. The house we had reached was a little off the road, on the right side, and had many years previously been built for an hotel; but juBt as it was completed the landlady had, in a fit of jealousy, stabbed her husband, for which crime she had suffered the extreme penalty of the law at Goulburn. I believe the house had never been occupied afterwards, and now it was currently reported to be haunted, and the ghost of the unhappy woman who had murdered her husband was said to nightly perambulate through the rooms of the dwelling, and wander moaning and wailing about the premises. Both O'Flaherty and I had heard the history of this haunted house, but, strange to say, neither of us had recognised the ruin now before us as the building we had heard the terrible stories regarding, and so in our innoceuce we shifted our things into one of the decaying chambers and, collecting some wood, soon lighted a fire, and prepared to make ourselves as com- fortable as circumstances would permit, making up very passable beds with our buggy cushions and the blanket« we invariably carried with us. The moon had risen some dis- tance in the heavens when we proceeded to visit the sick horse before we turned in. We found it in a little better spirits than we had left it, picking gingerly at the young blades of grass ; so, trusting that he would be well enough to continue the journey on the morrow, we retraced our steps to the house with the intention of retiring to rest. I had some spirits with me in a flask, and O'Flaherty also had a bottle of LL whiskey (his favourite tipple), and we had also a plentiful supply of candles for our buggy -BOJ lamps ; so we hung a horse-cloth over the window on the weather side of the room (from the gash of wbich the glass had long since disappeared), and proceeded to partake of a nightcap before turning in,-one proved so acceptable that we decided upon a second, which we were in the act of enjoying, when there suddenly arose on the clear night air a loud wail or scream, as if uttered by a woman in agony ; and, as we both paused to listen, the same wild, wailing shriek, was repeated two or three times, and simultaneously thefact struck U8 both that we were in the haunted house of which we had heard suoh dismal tales, and we immediately connected the melancholy cry, which yet again sounded plaintively, and evidentty closer than before, with the stories we had heard. Both of us were speechless. I, certainly, had often boasted that I believed not in ghosts; but in my own mind I knew that I would not for untold wealth sleep in a churchyard, or any place reputed to be haunted; and yet here I found myself (unwittingly certainly) preparing to pass the night in Buch a place and with a com» panion who, by the expression of his countenance, appeared to be almost paralyzed with fear. Dipping his fingers into the glass of whisky and water which he held in his left hand, O'Flaherty sprinkled some on his forehead, breast, and both shoulders, muttering aloud, 41 Pater nester qui es in Oh, Lord! there it is again. Oh! sanctitsima Mary ora pro nobis - Oh ! holy Saint Peter, have mercy on me this once and I will never play billiards again, and will faithfully return the money I have borrowed from the markers-1 never meant to cheat them out of it. Oh! St. Bridget, dear, yon know I would not rob any one; spare DM this time and I will lead a new life and repeat a hundred paters and aves every morning. Oh, holy Mary! mother of-My God ! there she is herself ! !" screamed the nearly frantic mao, as with staring eyes, and hair standing on end, he pointed through the window that we had left uncovered, and there, to my horror and amazement, I saw slowly approaching a tall female figure draped in snowy white, her long, dishevelled hair hanging loose upon her shoulders, while her pallid countenance, upon which the moon shone brightly, wa3 relieved by a crimson stream which appeared to run down her cheek and stain the white raiment in which she was draped. Without a pause she advanced towards the house, and the next moment the door of our apartment slowly swung open, and, to our speechless horror, the spectre stood, in the opening. As long as I live I shall never forget the expression of that face, upon which our candles shone clear and distinct. The spectre was tall, very tall for a woman, with pallid features and piercing black eyes. She was draped in a long white robe or grave cloth, which was stained with crimson from a narrow stream which appeared to trickle from her forehead down her pallid cheeks. My tongue clove to the roof of my mouth, my limbs refused to move, and I sat staring at the ghostly visitor, the very picture of horror and consternation. My friend, who at first appeared to be equally paralyzed, suddenly, however, dipped his fingers into the glass of whiskey and crossed himself devoutly and sprinkled Borne in the direction of the spirit, exclaiming to me at the same time, "Try her with Latin, Bhure, itB the only thing that can save ns". Oh! holy MoseB, I have nearly forgotten what I learned of it when I used to serve mass, but speak her fair whatever ye do." Finding me speechless he addressed the spectre himself as follows, "Oh! sanctissima lady, for the repose of your sowl, ego mewn maximus faceré, flabeo rex pecuniarum multum in fisto, atque, I will give it; for the purohase wax candleorum and for masses that you may requiescat in pace. Oh! I'm afraid its no use;" and then, as the spectral figure, apparently undeterred by the sprinkling and the Latin, continued to advance, he, with a yell of terror, horror, and dismay, .and with an agility that I did not give him credit for possessing, threw himself har- lequin fashion through the window we had covered up, carrying horse-cloth, sash bars, and all obstructions with him, and the next second I heard him rushing fran- tically away into the bush, yelling forth a strange admixture of oaths and prayers. Left alone with the terrible spectre, I felt my nerves, which had been strung to the utmost extent possible, gradually giving way, and I am certain insensibility would have speedily followed, when suddenly the spectre, pointing to the window through which O'Fla herty had disappeared, said, "In the name of God, what made the other gintlomin run off like that? Shure I only came down to ax your honours' protection for a while, for Fagan came back from the township half mad with the I drink, and in one of his tantrums had like to murder me, ! and as I saw ye two gintlemin oamp here this evening, I thought in my trouble I would make bold to ax ye to I purtect a poor woman for awhile." And so the mystery I was explained-the terrible spectre was but the unfortunate wife of a drunken, roadside blacksmith, whose forge was near the haunted house, and who, poor woman, was not unaccus- tomed to be hunted from her home in this manner, "when Fagan was in one of his tantrums, " and who, when such events occurred, generally sought the shelter of the haunted house I till morning, dreading less the presence of the ghost than the violence of her husband. The reaction on my nervous system, on discovering the real cause of our alarm, was most thrilling; but still it was some little time before I could stammer out, "We thought you were the spirit of the unfortunate woman who formerly lived here, and who met with such a melancholy end ;" but presently I reoovered sufficiently to offer the poor woman a drink of whiskey and the use of the horse-rug (which O'Flaherty had pulled down) to wrap around her, while I went ont in searoh of my friend, but after an hour's fruitless labour, during whioh time I had cooeed until I was hoarse, I had to return suc- cessless. When I reached the house the unfortunate cause of our fright stated that she expected that by that time Fagan was most likely asleep, ana consequently she would venture to return, which she did, I pressing her to take the horse-rug with her to cover her rather light drapery. After this I did not sleep much ; my nerves had received a shock which caused me to start up at the slightest noise, and few have ever felt more grateful for the appearance of daylight than I did the next morning, immediately upon the coming of which I set to work to prepare a hasty breakfast, and then started to again search for my companion ; but the gallant captain was not to be found, so I hastily swallowed my solitary meal, and then harnessed both horses, which I had hardly done when our spectral visitor of the night before appeared upon the scene, this.time dressed more in accordance with conventional usage. She brought back the horse-rug, and was accompanied by her son, a boy some ten or eleven years of age. Seeing the predicament I was in, she allowed the lad to drive the second buggy to Gundaroo for me, where we proceeded at a slow pace, and where I intended to inform the police of the mysterious disappear- ance of my friend, and to arrange for a proper search for him; but on arrival at the "Traveller's Rest" my anxiety on his account was dispelled, for I found that he was already there, having, in spite of his obesity, never stopped from the moment he had picked himself up outside the window of the haunted house until he had dashed, breathless and exhausted. into the verandah of this hotel the night previous, the pro- prietor of which having been kept up late by some jovial bushmen had luckily not retired to rest. The gallant cap- tain's story had been listened to with open mouths and staring eyes by his half-drunken audience, none of whom, however, would volunteer to proceed to my aid, and as the captain himself had no intention whatever of returning, whatever might befall me, he, after emptying many nobblers of his favourite spirit to calm his trembliug nerves, had at last succumbed to the strength of bis potations and fatigue from his unwonted exertions, and when I arrived in the morning was sound asleep in bed. The sick horse had recovered sufficiently from the attack of colic to allow us to proceed on our journey to Goulburn that afternoon, where I parted company with my whilom companion, so that if he ever kept his vows and refunded the monies he had robbed unfortunate markers of, and gave up his traffic in immoral literature, I cannot say. Of one thing, however, I am cer- tain, that he will never again travel that road, even in broad daylight; for although he accepted my explanation of the .*ghostly visit," yet it waB very plain to me that he put no credence in it, and was still under the impression that the spectre he had seen was in truth a supernatural apparition. 