A FOLDED LEAF. A FOLDED page, old, Btainoa, and blurred, I found within your book last night. I did not read the dim dark word I saw in the alow-waning light; So put it back, and loft it there, As if in truth I did not care. Ah! wo have all a folded leaf That in Time's book of long ago We leave: a half-relief Falls on ua when we hide it BO. "We fold it down, then turn away, And who may read that page to-day P- .. Not you, my child; nor you, my wife, Who eit beside my ctudy-cbair; For all hare something in their life That they, and thoy alone, may bear A trifling lie, a deadly tin, A something bought they did not win. My folded leaf I how blue eyes gleam And blot the dark-brown eyes I eee ^ And golden curie nt evening beam Above the black locks at my knee. Ah, me! that leaf is folded down, And aye for mo the locks are brown. And yet I love them who sit by, My beat and dearest-deureat now. They may not know for what I Bigb, / What brings the shadow on my brow. Ghosts at the beat ., so let them ho, . Nor come between my life and me! : They only rise at twilight hour ; So light the lamp, and olosti tuo blind. Small perfume lingers in the flower That sleeps that folded page behind. So lot it ever folded lio; 'Twill ba unfolded when I die ! MOBE ABOUT TRIFLES.-Galileo's discovery of (ho pendulum waa suggested to his observ ant eye by lamp swinging Kroca tho ceiling of Pisa-Cathedral. A spider's n<A euopunued acrofcB tho path oi Sir Samuel Brown, us lib walked one dewy morning in his garden, was the prompter that gavo to kirn the idoa oi his suspension bridge across tho Tweed. So trifling a matter as tho sight of seuwetd floaiing post his ship enabled Columbus to qaell.the mutiny which aroto among his sailor*) at not discovering land, cad to assure them that tho eagorly nought new world waa not far off. Galvani observed that a frog's leg. twitched when placed in contact wiih different metals, and it was this apparently hmguilicant fact thab led to tho ingestion of tho elcctrio tolegraph. Whilo a bad obucrvo? may " go througn a forest and aeo no firorrocd,truo tccr learaa from tho scaliest; things and apparently tho. mos6 inaignitlcanb people." " Sir," e&id; D/. Johnson to a tine gentleman just returned from Italy, " come inon will learn more in tho Bumps tend stats than others in tho tour cf Earope." Wellington'# achievement noro roalnly owing to tho faob that ha peraonally atstonded to such minutim as soldiers' (shoos, camp kettlou, bisnuit, horns Jfoddor; and it wco because Nelson attended to dt tail in rcapcob of time thai ho was no victorious. " I owo," he odd, " all my onoceisa io lifs to having been always a quarter of an hoar boforo mv time." PEESBNCB or Mm>.-A young lady waa sitting with a gallant captain in a charm ingly-decorated r6CC30. On her knee waa a. diminutive nicoe. In tho adjoining room, with the door open, were tue rest of tho company. Said tho littlo niece, in a jealous and very audible voice, " Auntie,. kiss me, too." Evidently something had jnst happened. ",You ehould pay twice, Ethel dear; two is not grammar," waa the immediate reioinder. YES, FUN, LOTS oy IT.-" Do animals have fnn?" asked Eomo unobst-rving in dividual. Of conree they do. When a cow switches her tail across, tho face of the man who iu milking her, etepa along just two yards, and turns to see him pick np his stool and follow, she has the most amused expreoeion on her face pocfcible, and if she can kick over tho milk-pail she grows positively hilarious. THB inhabitants o! tho Bordelaw country ore prone to exaggeration, but one of them recently met hie match. Ho was dining with a Jopaneso friend on the Boulevard, and mush rooms Game under discussion. " In my coun try," eaid the Bordelais, " tho mushrooms under the trees are larger than the:-.d plates." "What of that ?'* exclaimed the Jap. "In my conn try it is tho trees that grow under the mushrooms." A CEBTAIH old gentleman, very rich and still more clingy, is in the habit wearing his clothes to tho last thread. One of hi3 friends, meeting him, excl&imod;: " They told me that jou had a new hat, &nd; I'll be hanged if you haven't 1" " Oh, yes," said the miser, looking as if he were a trifle ashamed of himself, "you see, my wife kept telling mo that tho old one was a good deal worn out. Well, yesterday was my wife'a birthday, and I got myself a nev; hat for her birthday present." STAGE BLUNDERS.-Macrea^y wag once victimized in "Vi.yiniua." Tho " Numi toriuB" couldn't ronember his OWE same. "You will remember it' sir," said the tragedian, carefully pronouncing it for him " by the association of ideas. Think of Numbere, the book of Numbers." The " Numitorius" did think of it ail. day, and at night produced, through " the association of ideas," the following- effect: " Numi torius"-Where io Virginia ? Wberefor ® do you hold that maidtn's hand? ' Cladm^' I -Who asks the qutstion ? " Xucaitorina * -11 her uncle-'. Deuteronomy." 