SHOET- WEIGHT BSE AD. [TO TEE EDITOE OF TEE KTKETOJT OUASD1AK Sib,—Will you kindly allow me a little space in your paper to correct a few errors into which Mr Murray in replying to my letter of the Sth has fallen. Mr Murray "strongly asserts that no such reason aa asserted by * Justice' has caused the shortcoming." Kow, Mr JEditor, as I made no " assertion," Mr Murray is sligbtly at fault." The position I took was to carefully consider tbe different aspects which presented themselves in bis-case, to well weigh them, and put them before the public. The firstpro position gave him the benefit of any doabt as to his integrity and honesty, and according to bis letter of explanation in yesterday's issue pointed to tbe cause of all his trouble. Hie second was a question as to whether he employed a sufficient number of hands to cany out the xsQuiranente of bis etensive business. As for the third, I said " X should be sorry to think so ill of Mr Murray as to believe he would deliberately set himself to defrand. the public," but made no " charge." Hbsrever, seeing that Z was unable to get at Mr Murray's mind, I fnrther. said, " If Bnch is tbe case, and a system of short weight been steadily going on, and thereby the pnblic defrauded, &c.;, &c.;, then tbe law should mete ont its severest punishment." And without making- any "charge" X again repeat it. Mr Mnoay's remark about " not wishing to seek praise for himself from the great faults of others," ia, I think, singularly out of place. Xn making comparisons of the weight of the different bakers' bread, he congratulates "himself in out bread fcx* deficient in weight thm others. A small matter for self-praise truly, and would smack too modi of the Pharisee, who whilst admitting himself to be a sinner, " thanked God. he e waa not as other men." Mr Murray is strong in promises—their fulfilment may restore the confidence which he has, no doubt, lost with many of bis customers. In conclusion, let me tell Mr Murray, in writing my first -letter &had; no personal frying against him—nor have I—and I would also say, had he made the defence at the police court that he lias made through tbe columns of your journal, coming- from him I have no doubt it would have been accepted by those who knowbim as a satisfactory explanation.—I am, &c.;, JUSTICE. ? ? ned Kyneton, May 13th, 1680. A Mklboubki; JBWJSLUSB CHABGSD TOB Sotsgusb.—WE learn from as Adelaide telegram in the Age that on Wednesday last two men, named Edward Spann and David Hidop, were arrested on a Customs warrant for smuggling jewellery into the colony without paying the duty. They will be proceeded against in tbe flr»mi.,».l Court. Spann has a large ahop and considerable property in Melbourne. He has been in the babit of paying frequent visits to Adelaide, dispoong of jewellery and trade materials to Adelaide fewaHnm m-nR Hislop is an employee of his. The: value of the jewellery eaixed is between £400 and £500. Hey have been admitted to bail in two sureties of £100 each, and themselves in £100 each. The nase wiE be tried on Saturday 35he Humaos Ghost Stoet.—A writer in : the Cottlmoime Jhprttentatice ittBB&B;:—A pseudo sort of interest is- again revived in Spratuslismby 1&B; alleged remarks of tbe late Arcbdeaoon Xnnes, of Hamilton. "Die" first etory was that the Archdeacon had seen the spirit of the late lay-reader, and the spirit had told him that be {the Arcbdeaoon) would Boon be wbere be {the spirit) waa. Later on, it mrnmfl flniiMiiiumi^ Archdeacon's written memo, was—"A few nights aftarpoorXnssennan'a death, I was in tbe boose alone, and tbe room rattled so, that 1 ran op to see what it was. I looked into the dark room and saw nothing, so I said with a laugh to myaelf, ' It mnst be «ild Idsaexman. What do you want f Then came an answer, not andible/but sndi as possibly a spirit can convey, 1 Never mind, you'll follow me soon.' 3t waa singular I never ttM. anyone'" Mr Xassetman died abont a month before the archdeacon, end tbe latter expired lea than twenty-four hours after writing the singular memo, we have been called upon to publish. Unless to accept the fact that the Archdeacon waa perfectly delirjous-at the time be wrote the memo. it is evident be must have had something more than a mere hiss to spiritualism or be would"" never have attributed any rattlingin aroom to "old Xnsseroian." It isonlyjight it fbould be explidtly stated if the lata Axchdeacon was counted -fmwg the apiritualiste—in which case the: wbole bnsiness is explaineds Tbe pointsman wboee carslessnesa caused tie recant railroad aotident ut Holie, br wbich sever*! livee weralost, baa committed 1 WddlV'- 1 ".;- " 