ROCKHAMPTON. TUESDAY, AUGUST 10, 1880. WILL this week's proceedings in Parlia- ment be entitled to be deemed 'thc despatch of the public business ? or will all the efforts made by Ministers to begin the real work of the session end in disappointment ? These are questions to which we believe the whole country anxiously awaits a favourable answer. The Parliament has now been five weeks in session, and absolutely nothing has been done. The position of parlies remains unchanged, and despite the altered tone of that section of the southern press which has till recently tolerated a "Northern Government j" despite also the holding of numerous political meetings in the chief centres of population, we cannot discover that the Opposition have made the least breach in the Ministerial lines. They have, however, made a break in their own, Mr. Kingsford having publicly announced his severance fîom^ the Opposition party, and his inten- tion to give an independent support to the policy of the Government. Opposition journalists try to extract what small comfort they can from Mr. j Thompson's withdrawal from the Minis- terial camp ; but it is plain that he had been long of no assistance to his party. Ever since the unfortunate circumstances which necessitated the resignation of his poitfolio fifteen months ago he has not pretended to support his late colleagues ; and except on one occasion last year, when his vote was not really wanted, he has never been at an important party division. However much Mr. Thomp- son's mistake may lie deplored, there- fore, as evidencing his extreme localism, and his want of fidelity to a party to ¡ whom he personally owes so much, his assumption of an independent attitude in no sense affects the stability of the Government. Mr. Kingsford, on the contrary, was a source of strength to his late associates. He was never absent from a party division, and he was what in the rough-and-tumble of the representa- tive chamber counts for much-a good fighting man. In other words, he counted no sacrifice of time or assurance too. great when an important principle had to be affirmed. As our telegram informed the public on Friday, we assume minor business will be entered upon by mutual consent to- day. It is evident that, having obtained a month's time for the ratification of the mail contract, Ministers arc enabled to cut the ground of obstruction from under the feet of the Opposition by postponing the much-vexed question and making known the details of their financial policy. But we are not by any means sanguine that obstruction has ceased for thc session. Mr. Griffith promises that as far as he is concerned it shall not be renewed unless fresh occasion arises. This is a very safe pledge. It is well known that additional taxation is about to be proposed, and no one doubts that very fresh import could be made the excuse for stonewalling measures. It is not to be expected that any possible budget | will satisfy the Opposition. It is their business not to be satisfied, foran Oppo- sition is nothing if not critical. Hence, therefore, stonewalling tactics will cer- tainly be renewed unless Mr. Griffith and his followers believe that such tactics would be injurious to his parly. They have battled Ministers during the past month no doubt, but they have only proved what most people well knew before-that a parliamentary Opposition, however small a minority, can raise up an absolute barrier against legislation. Indeed, to us the only wonder is that the Ministerial party were moved to enter the lists tn so unequal a contest as to attempt to defeat stone- walling measures. The odds were fifteen to two ; and if the late contest lias convinced the jingo section of the Ministerial party that a majority is not omnipotent, the lesson will not be entirely thrown away. Not that we admit the proceedings of the Opposition justifiable. The lesson taught is, simply, that valour should be tampered with discretion in parliamentary conflicts. If we were in the position to advise Ministers we should say-" abandon all coercive measures which involve the waste of physicial power." The minority may obstruct business despite the most desperate efforts, of the majority to transact it. Hence the true policy for the Ministerial party appears to be not to force the game. Let them be in good force in the Assembly on every sitting day and present thc olive branch in the form of a motion for transacting such public business as is obviously important and urgent. In then obstruction is resorted to, let the House on every such occasion be adjourned for the day. Let all this be done in a dignified and conciliatory tone and manner; but let no attempts at irritation provoke a change of tactics. Such proceedings, carried on . for a few days or weeks, must effectually break down obstruction. Ministers have not only the majority, but also the law on their side, and it has yet to be shown that an English-speaking community will encourage a method of resistance, which if resotted to by both sides, must eventuate in anarchy." The situation now stands thus : Supply is exhausted. Thc Government, without a further appropriation, cán pay no more salaries to public officers, and expend no money whatever, except for services authorised to be paid 'out of loan. No money for revenue services will be warned until the end of this month, when a portion, at least, of the estimates ought to have been passed. If they are not, we think Ministers would be justified in refusing to ask further temporary supply. They would thus throw upon the Opposition the responsibility for obstruction in a man- ner which could not fail to prove coer- cive. Indeed, it is certain that, however unpopular the Government may be in the metropolis, the tension caused by the non-payment of salaries would be principally felt by their opponents. Moreover, honorable members would soon grow weary ofthe business of walk- ing three days every week to the Legis- lative Assembly to receive their dismissal because they refused to do business. It is in this way that the majority should assert their' power, and not by feats of physical endurance. Nine years ago Mr. Palmer discovered the effectiveness of the policy here suggested ; .and although possessing the bare majority of one in a House of thirty-two, he suc- ceeded in carrying his measures and re- taining his position until two sessions afterwards his party was broken up by his Redistribution Act The M'llwraith j Ministry, on the other hand, command a majority of seven in a full House, and they have' no Redistribution Act upon which to make shipwreck. It is pretty evident, therefore, that if Mr. M'll wraith's colleagues and supporters are true to themselves and their party, they may enjoy a long career of influence and usefulness. The present Assembly was elected for five years in November, 1868 ; it has therefore fully three years to run unless cut short by a premature dissolution. This, of course, is what the Opposition members are anxious to force, but thc Government clearly have a "mission," which is to restore the public finances to a healthy condition ; to provide for the carrying on of public works before the present loan moneys are exhausted ; to complete the edifice of local government, the walls of which were raised by their Divisional Boards Act of last session ; and to place upon the statute book a large number of important measures, about twenty of which arc already catalogued on the parliamentary business papers. When all this is completed, the present Ministerial party will have done their work. In thc meantime, it will be their own fault if Opposition tactics within the House, or mass meetings outside its walls, are successful in disorganising or emasculating thc Minisierial majority. THE anticipation! formed by us respecting thc appointment to the High Commissioner' ship of South Africa were incorrect ; a tele- gram in to-day's issue announcing that bis Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson has received thc appointment. Sir Hercules is ono of the most experienced Governors in the service of Her Majesty, and will be found a great aid in setting matters straight in South Africa. MR. R. H. D. WHITE, formerly manager of the Bank of Kew South Wales at Rock- hampton, has settled the law case in which ho became involved os the heir-at-law of a large city property in Elizabeth- street, Melbourne. This street, it might be men- tioned, is in the very heart of thc southern city, and tho value of property near it is something fabulous. Mr. White has taken £48,000 and half of this property to settle his claims against Mr. Hoddle, and wc shall doubtless have fuller particulars respecting thc matter in a few days. WE have received a copy of tho first annual report of the Victoria Insurance Company, for which Messrs. W. and M. C. Thomson are the Rockhampton agents. The report states " that during the year ended on the 30th day of June, 1880, a large, profitable, and in- creasing business has been transacted ; while the loBses and claims have been less than the usual average. In fulfilment of the promise made in their last report, tho directors now submit the annual statement of accounts and balance-sheet, duly certified by the auditors. Thc amount standing to the credit of profit is £71,092 13s. 10d., five-eighths of which will bc distributed as and for a dividend of ten ten shillings per share, and the remaining three-eighths will be retained to augment the reserve fund." TUE traffic earnings on the Central Railway for the week ending July 31, amounted to £928 8s., showing as compared with thc cor- responding period of last year, an increase of £328 ls. There was an increase of £428 8s. 7d. in thc receipts for goods and stook, a decrease of £1G 9s. ld. in the parcels receipts, and a decrease of £83 18s. 3d. in fares. The traffic earnings on thc Southern and-Western Railway for the above period amounted to £3341 lös. 4d., showing, as com- pared with the corresponding week of last year, an increase of £833 3s. Thc total receipts for thc year up to date were-Central lino, £37,057 Bs. Oil.; increase, £8046 Os. lld. Southern and Western line, £104,485 12s. 2d.; increase, £4043 7s. Od. MR. BERKY'S Government is not likely to ho very long-lived. A message in Tuesday's Telegraph states :-Mr. Tuoker, the popular member for Fitzroy, declines to assist Mr. Vale in his re-election. The local Reform League have also passed a resolution which is tantamount to thc withdrawal of their support from Mr. Berry's party. It is con- sidered certain that Mr. Vale will bc defeated by a considerable majority. Tho Age is giving the new Ministry no support, and thc country papers are alsp devoid of enthusiasm. Sir John O'shanassy publicly declares his irritation at Mr. Berry's treatment of him, and feels very sore that the Premier should have divulged thc particulars of a private conversa- tion which took place between them, to the Press, after it had been agreed between them that the conversation was to be of a strictly private nature. In spite of that agreement, Mr. Berry, or a friend, gave a report of what took plaoe to tho Age. On tho appearance of the article giving the conversation, Mr. Berry wrote to Sir John, regretting its appearance, and repudiating the idea of having furnished the particulars. At a caucus meeting of the party on Monday, however. Mr. Berry, although warned by Sir John O'shanassy, recounted the substance of their interview." OUR Parliamentary correspondent, under date August G, writes :-You have not heard the latest ghost story? Well, it is too good to be loBt, and will be of particular interest to the people of Rockhampton. On one of the stone- walling nights; about the witching hour, Mr. -, (so runs tile tale), a clerk of the Legislative Council, Baw Mr.. William Rca, ono of your representatives, walk in through the bar of the House, sit down, and throw out his arms while doing so in the easy attitude so affected by some of our legislators. He took no more notice of the circumstance until the next day, when he opened Hansard to look for " William's " speeches, for of course your representative could not be present with- out frequently shedding his peculiar light on the question before thc House. It then appeared that no William Rea had spoken, and that nobody else had seen him. Where Mr. Rea really is, no one appears to know. It is thc firm opinion of Mr.-, that Mr. Rea has landed "on the other side of Jordan," and that the delightful soenc of stonewalling tho Government was too congenial to permit of his absence, even in spirit, on the interesting occasion." If Mr. Rea is really not dead, which I sincerely hope, this paragraph may be the moans of eliciting some tidings of his location. It may ba that some of Mr. Rea's Rockhampton friends can answer the query of our correspondent. The last heard of the hon. gcntloman was that be had gone to Honolulu. THE Observer of Saturday publishes the following messages :-" Advices aro to hand from Constantinople to the effect that Turkey has given way considerably through tho pressure that bas been brought to bear on ber by tho Great Powers, and expresses lier willingness to guarantee and satisfy the claims of Montenegro. Russia has commenced building ten more war vessels of a most powerful armament, and on thc most modern and scientific principles, combiuing speed and strength.-Lard Chief Justice Cockburn is seriously indisposed.-In consequence of thc threatened aspect of affairs in Samoa, and the continued outrages committed by the natives on the white residents, the British man-of war, D.inre, shelled some native villages. The British commader also sent warning to the natives that any further disturbances or outrages would be met with prompt punish- ment. This action has had the desired effect, and quiet is now restored. Thc Dana? will remain for some time in the vicinity of tho island, in case of any further disturbance." A mcssago dated London, August G, in the same journal states :-"Thc Select Committee of the Honso of Commons appointed to inquire into thc operation of the French sugar bounty proposal, and the manner in which they would affect the British sugar industries have submittod the following report :-" They find that the bounties given to manufacturers of sugar in France have seriously affected the snirar-refinining interests of Great Britain." It is soriously recom- mended that an imposition of duties on Frcuch sugars bo commenced, in order to counteract the effect of expected serious com- petition." AT the Police Court yesterday before the Police Magistrate, two drunkards were re- spectively fined five shillings or twenty-four hours in the cells. A GENTLEMAN who arrived in town on Saturday evening informs ns that rain is very much wanted in the west. Bowen Downs, he says, is looking splendid, and the lambing shows a liberal percentage. Thc low price of etook, however, is causiug dulness of trade, and an improvemoni in prioes fa anxiously hoped for. MESSRS. Pitt, Son, and Badgery, of tho Exchange, Sydney, report having sold the Willangie, Clairview property, and Kelvin Grove Stations, near St. Lawrence, with 21,COO head cattle for £2 5s. Cd per bead. The purchase money amounted to £50,000 and the now owner is Mr. W. M. Christian. TirE following is the retnrn of operations of the Government Savings Bank for the month of July, 1880:-New accounts opened, 538; accounts closed, 310 ; increase in number of accounts, 228 ; number of deposits, 3627 ; number of withdrawals, 1780 ; total sum de- posited, £46,951 !0s. 3d.; total sum with- drawn, £35,509 17s. ld.; amount to thc credit 16,849 depositors on the 31st July, 1S80, £099,737 7s. 5d.; amount to the credit of 1C.C21 depositors on the 30th June, 1880, £088,049 lie. 3d.; increase for the month of July, £11,087 10s. 2d. OUR, Tambo correspondent sends the follow- ing stock movements under date of the 6th instant :-7000 sheep and 500 rams passed this place on Sunday in charge of Mr. Hume, from Glenhaughton to Malvern. 300 fat cattle on Tuesday, in charge of Mr. Hayden, from Cork to Brisbane. 300 fat. cattle on Tuesday, Mr. Tapp in charge, from Bunnirah to Rock- hampton. 7200 sheep on Tuesday, Mr. Healy in charge, from Terrick to Dalby. Weather very cold. Everyone suffering from colds in one form or another. SERVICES in connection with the re-opening of the Primitive Methodist! Church were held last Sunday, when the Rev. W. J. Bray preached to large congregations both morning and bight. A public entertainment' was held last night, presided over by the Rov. ß. Hartley. The programme consisted of an address hy Rev. W. J. Bray, readings by Mcisrs. S. W. Hartley, J. W. Power, T. G. Henderson, and Revs. W. J. Bray and J. Williams. Several musical selections were rendered by the choir under the leadership of Mr. J. Merson, Mrs. S. W. Hartley presiding at the harmonium. A very pretty piece was also sung by thc Rev. Mr, Bray. Tho usual vote of thanks brought n very interesting meeting to a close. SELDOM in the history of Rockhampton, perhaps, was so large a number ot its people assembled together in one place and at one- time as congregated last night in Cbiarini's Circus opposite Mr. Comley's Alma Hotel. We should say that there must have been at the very least three thousand people in.the mammoth tent, and never was so much genera) laughter and genuine admiration evoked. Thc circus is distributed into three tenta ; the nearest of which is allotted to the wild beast part of the show, where we found three splen- did full-grown Bengal- tigers, and a similar number of cubs about ten months old. With tho latter' was a grand mastiff dog, which .appeared to be as much ' at home os he ' would bo expected to be in tho days of the millennium, when the lion and the lamb are to walk arm in arm together. Mr. Warner, who has charge of these beautiful creatures, has them completely under con- trol ; and the manner in which he went through the performance lost night attracted the special admiration of his audience. But we must leave the wild beauty of thc exhibition and follow the crowd into tho arena ; where the BIIOW was opened with a grand ovorture by the band, under Professor Stoneham. Then we had chevallier movements by the ladies and gentlemen of tho Company, which were exceedingly graceful, Miss Nellie Reid's marshalship being exceedingly admired. Sig- nor Bartolo then entered the arena, and made all people wonder at the strange way in which ho would shake that india rubber body of hie and roll his head about. To describe his performances would more than exhaust out capabilities. We havo not seen a dictionary that could do them justice, and wo must therefore leave Bartolo to his patrons. The educated Zebras cameinto the ring after Bartolos disappearance had brought tho people into something like sober moments, and wc must givo Mr. Sylvester credit for having presented to his audience a really wonderful exhibition of the power of man over thc brute creation. The Zebras went through many performances, and their steeplechase was simply grand.- The retro-equitation act of Mr. Lavater Lee was a thing quite new to Rockhampton ; and much admired ; but among thc prettiest exhibitions of the night was, in our opinion, the ap- pearance of pretty Nellie Reid with her grand milk-white Arab steed "Garibaldi." This lady is quite a Rarey in her mastership of the noble animal, and to anyone who really has any love for the horse it must have bees ox. cecdingly pleasant to witness how the great kindness of Miss Reid had reduced her darling into such loviug subjection. Her graceful movements - and they were undoubtedly such - were imitated with an exactness that could not possibly be more closely photo- graphed, and the pride of thc lady was repro- duced in her idol, Thc aerial act on thc trapeze by Miss Sarah Fergus was thc greatest feat we over witnessed in that lino. The tra- peze was set swinging, and dangerous though it appeared to us for anyouc to even sit on thc bar, Miss Fergus was quito at home, and was actually able to stand on one leg-indeed on the toes of one foot while the har was moving horizontally ! The Indian juggling upon tt bare-backed horse, by Miss Rosa Lee, with James Holloway in thc circle, was a very pleasing little scene, some of Holloway's jokes and fancies creating a large amount of laughter. Mr. A. Gonzales, an old Rock- hampton favourite, was received with loud and long-continued cheering, and wc can safely say of him that in his ground and lofty tumbling he was as fresh as in tho days of his youth. He has a way of Bomehow forcing a laugh out of ono, whether one wills it or no ; and so, too, have thoso clowns, Mr. Lehmau, Mr. Seagrist and Mr. Holloway. Our space will not permit us to particularise all wc saw last night, but we 8honld not omit to mention tho grand uniform movements of thc beautiful black Prussian stallions under tho control of Signor Cljinrini, and the hurricane hurdle act hy Master Charlie Watson. Altogether, wc have never witnessed a grander exhibition nf equestrian talent, and can safely rccmiuieud it to the most fastidious. lt is a 1I¡¿1; class entertainment. Tra revenue collected ot the Customs from tho second to the seventh August inclusive amounted to £1858 Os. Gd. TOE Gazette of last Friday notifies the removal of the Rev. J. S. Pollock from Gladstone to Mount Esk. ATTENTION is directed to the notification in another column respecting tho closing of tho English mails via Torres Straits, per R.M.S. Somerset. Letters for or via the United Kingdom bearing the customary late feo may be posted on board the Bunyip, s.s., at the A.S.N. Company's wharf up to four o'clock to-morrow afternoon. A PLUCKY LITTLE FELLOW.-The Surot correspondent of the Courter writes :-" Little Willie, six years of ago, son of Mr. Joseph Wood, of Ashton Grove, went down to the creek with his sister Mary aged three. Mary managed to fall into deep water, and while she was floundering about, Willie caught hold of a branch of a tree, weut in, and managed to haul his sisterout." The sensible little lad, in relating the affair to his mother, said that he did not like to come and tell her, as then Mary might have been drowned ; he added that she was BO heavy that he could scarcely pull her out. Our correspondent states that "Willie is quite a hero in the estimation of the Suratians." CULTIVATED LAND AND POPULATION-, While in England 24,500,000 out of .12.500,000 acres of total area have been braucht under crops and grass, in Ireland 15,333,333 out of 20,750,000 acres aie under management-and this amounts to an average of 2J acres for each head of the population. In Belgium the quantity of cultivated land is only one acre per head ; ia Great Britain it is 1J acre, in Holland 1} acre, and up to 31 acres per head in Denmark. An excess of inhabitants in proportion to thc capabilities of the country for maintaining them can scarcely be said to distinguish Ireland aa a whole, whatever may be the case in particular districts.-Home paper. THE NEW PRESIDENT OP THE JOHNSONIAN Ci.un.-The Brisbane correspondent of the IPcsiera Cliampion writes thus :-" There are men hore from the Sydney ¿fail. Town and Country, and Sydney Illustrated Nevis. To- morrow the Johnsonians will solemnly feed the southern, strangers. Let me betray one Club secret. Most of you know something of the Postmaster-General-C. H. Buzacott. What sort of a hand do you think, ho would make as president of a convivial meeting largely Composed of pressmen. I have seen him "bossing" a Johnsonian supper in bis capacity of President of the Club, and keeping the ball rolling without a moment's pause literally for hours, maintaining one increasing stream of hearty jollity. Is it bot a new light on thc man. Really, oven a Beared and hardened politician is not without his good points.';' THEOPENINO OP THE MELBOURNE EXHIBI- TION.-The hon. W. J. Clarke, president of the Exhibition Committee (says the Aram of July 30), some days since addressed an invitation to tho various governors of the Australian colonies and to the com- modore of the fleet on the station, to attend the' opening ceremony of the Exhibi- tion on the 1st of October next; Lord Aneustus Loftus and Sir William Jervois have replied, accepting the invitation on behalf of thdmsolvcs and the members of their respec- tive families. Commodore Wilson, of H.M.S, Wolveriuo, has also replied, to the effect that he expects to return from bis cruise round the Pacific islands, accompanied by several ships pf the squadron, in time for the cere- mony. As there will be several foreign ships of war in the bay at the same time, it has been suggested that a series of naval demon- strations might tie ,arranged.| The. exhibits aro still being received slowly at thc Exhibi- tion, but there ls a large amount of work being performed inBide the buildings, particu- larly in connection with tho machinery ; annexes, where the engines and boilero are already placed in position,. The fitting up of the Kew South Wales Court is now completed, and tho first consignments of exhibits from that colony will shortly arrive. Several changos have been made in tho personnel of the staff of thc French commission, and Monsieur Belcour, consul and chief commissioner; is now the only official representative of the Republic at present iq Melbourne. SHEEP FARMING IN SOOTH AMERICA.-It has been more than onoc pointed out (says "Anglo-Australian,!' in the European Maü) that the wool trade Buenos Ayres, where there are upwards of one hundred millions of sheep, might be made to take a foremost place on the Loudon and American makers, where, , in regard to certain descriptions, it might enter into eompentition with Australian and Capo wools. This idea seems about to be put to a practical test, and an experiment, which will be watched with peculiar interest by stock raisers, is the shipping of American merino sheep to the Argentine Republic by Mr. W. G. Markham, a well-known farmer, living near Rochester, Kow York. It appears that Mr. Markham's attention was drawn to thc possible advantages of such a venture by the success which bas attended thc crossing with Mongolian stock of American merinos, 200 of which he ; recently took to Japan under a contract with that Government. Thc improvement in that 1 instance is estimated as high as 400 per cent. With the view, then, of demonstrating the superiority of the American breed, Mr. Markham liassent out to Buenos Ayres sixteei of the finest merino rams that could bo ob- tained ia Kew York State. Already the stock raisers of Franco and Germany have made large shipments of their choicest stock to the same market, so that the wool interest of Australia and Kew Zealand must look in the course of a few years to encounter a robust competition in this article from .South America. MIXING THE HATS.-The Observer thus writcs.of the junior member for Wide Bay :-. Mr. Price tells the members confidentially that " he is very sorry ¡ very sorry, to see Hcndren forgetting himself in the way he has been doing lately as it is a great mistake ?" Prioe ought to be listened to reverentially on n sub- ject of that kind. When Price is in a religious mood and under spiritual influence he developes a peculiar mania for disturbing tho hat rack. He lost his hat the other even- ing and in his search for it got all the legis- lative hats mixed up in such frightinl con- fusion that no one could find lils own when it was wanted. Abont a dozen excited members were racing up and down the lobby demand- ing where their hats were, and insisting on ex- amining: the hatsof all those whohad succeeded in obtaining what they believed to be tho right ones. The language used in that lobby by those bareheaded legislators was some- thing never to be forgotten, and all thc time thc "innocent cause," the renowned Frico, was far away and quietly asleep dreaming the happy hours away utterly unconscious of the mischief he had donc. A strict inquiry revealed thc fact that Price had been seen walking about with two bats on bis head aud two under each arm. One member, supposed tobe Hamilton, saw Price looking for a bat, and pointing to one on th« rack, said " never mind Price old man, if you have lost your hat take that one of minc, I have a couple and won't want it !" So Price marched oft" with tho hat which was afterwards discovered to belong to Dickson. Then Price went down to Beattie's in Queen-street, and bonght a ucw hat which some member immediately appro- priated. It is noticeable that whenever a hat or an umbrella is taken in a mistake that thc one left is invariably considerably inferior lo the one removed. Price epont a whole day in n vain search after his new hat, and found lots of members going about with other members' hats on. Thc whole affair looks like a conspiracy by Beattie to iustigate sonic one to act sn that there will bc a sudden and extensive demand for bats. Even in bats Itcattic's influence inuBt bc felt. It was said I that Price put on Dr. U'Dobcrty's hat iii a mistake, and M'as afterwards sccu feeling HdulreiVB pulse and recommending him to take a tablespoonful of Mrs. Winslow's j soothing syrup, j 