FOR FAME; OR, THE TRIALS OF AN ACTRESS. By Wm. C. Honeyman, Author of "Little Nell," "Under the Lamps," &c.; Chapter XXXIV. — The Burning of the British Queen Theatre. On the night following that of his inter view with Grig, Mr. Bilters left his favo rite pothouse to take his way through the dark streets, in a fidgety and uneasy frame of mind, the very antipodes of his usual placid self-reliance. The hour was between nine and ten, the night calm, clear, and frosty, with a broad-faced moon peeping kindly over the house-tops ; vet Bilters was unhappy. The toils of th'e day had not produced the net result which he had lopKea ror; Dur eventnat disappointing cir cumstance could not explain Mr. Bilters's depression even to himself. ' Why do all things work together for evil against the poor old pro. ?' he patheti cally asked himself, pausing for a moment in an obscure street to make sure that the pocket of his coat still held a brief note whicli he had spent some hours in penning, ' Why, may I ask of the fates, was Mr. Chriato Kybird, that charming simpleton of boundless wealth and credulity, not at home when I called upon himto-dav ? and why did the hotel people insist upon me believing that he had not been at home for two days ? He little knows the news I have to impart, and for which he will readily part with half a fortune, or he would have flown to meet and embrace T. B. He would not have hesitated to make terms, like the idiotic hunchback. Never mind; I shall call upon him to morrow;' but as he spoke he started slightly, and placed his hand on his heart with wonderfully genuine-like fear, and added — 'But why does 'to-morrow' come out with such a hollow sound, like the echo from an open grave ? Does a hidden mis fortune hang over the genius of the nine leenth century. No, that is not in the bill, go I don't go on for it. Ha, ha ! an immense idea, my boy ! an immense idea ;' and he tried to reassure himself with a noisy chuckle. But when he had passed through one or two streets in the direction of Norma's abede the excitement and heart- sickening feeling returned with double force. ' Surely I am not to be involved in any of Mr. Rawson's plans.!' he faintly observed .to himself. 'I procured him a key to open the stage door, -providing my self with a duplicate. I also purchased for his behoof two pounds of gunpowder and a quantity of oil of turpentine. Well, what of that? If things 'begin to look hot for somebody, surely T. B.'s withers are unwrung, and no gloom or deep depres sion need haunt his soul. Hullo 1—Hjurse you ! can't . you . look where you're going ? Ah, my dear Mr. Kybird, how joyful, Jiow unexpected is this delightful meeting!' A rough-looking man striding quickly along in the opposite direction had jostled him rudely, then turned to apologise hastily, and then. : disclosed his features as those of Mr. Christo Kybird, the open hearted' digger. Bilters, the moment he discovered ; the mistake he had made in cursing his liberal friend, extended a gloved paw; to be shaken, but the ;grip it received was mechanical and 'abstracted, while Ky bird, in a hurry to be off, breathlessly ob served — Well, Mr. Biiters, Tve newsr indeed ; Jfound the cripple at last, the nephew of any mate as I've bin huntin' for so long.' Biiters' teeth came 'together in a sudden tmd vengeful rasp. ' The devil you have !' -he exclaimed, in momentary fergetfulness. 'Yes,' 'joyfully pursued Kybird, not noticing the disappointed oath and crest fallen aspect of his companion, 'and you'll rxiot guess where I found him. Why in the very theatre you've often acted in — The British Queen, they call it. He is called i-xrig, but his real name is Gregory Mark lew, and I'm on my way to see him now. 'He's a property man, as they^ call it, and IFve been to the theatre to see him, but they said that he'd gone away home sooner'n visual— in fact, directly arter the -great Norma left the place.' u Oh, then, she has left the theatre for Ihenight ?' enquired Biiters with interest. « So they say, but Pm off,' and Kybird would have moved on as before had the paw of Biiters not descended on his arm to detain him. *fI called at your hotel twice to-day,' he hurriedly and anxiously observed. '1 lad discovered that Grig was the man you sought, and hastened as fast as love could bear me to impart the knowledge to you. Of course the information will count with us as if it had come direct from me, as the iiotel people can prove to you that I called upcn urgent business.' ' Well, well, we'll settle about that alter/3 frankly responded Kybird. 'You -can think over what I owes yer, and I'll , pay it in a lump.' f( It's easily settled. I won't be exorbitant .—-one half of the money that goes to Grig will be sufficient for T.B.,'j*eneroiisly re turned the old actor. Kybird started, and stood scratching his head, and eyeing Biiters with a look of puzzled simplicity — 'I say— look here,' he faintly stam .xnered, 'one half — don't you think, now, that's rayther too salt. . 'Not a bit of it,' lightly answered JBilters, 'consider the honor of employing iie genius of the nineteenth century — no ?ordinary agent or assistant.' . i{ That's true, but remember the money ain't mine to give. I must Day you out of -my own pocket, and hand over every ounce ?of the other to my dead mate's nevvy,' ?answered Kybird, turning to free himself from the greedy clasp of the old man's hand. 4( We'll talk it over to- morrow; and if a matter of five pounds will settle it I don't snind letting you have it.' Biiters staggered back against an adja cent lamp-post, with dramatic horror and anguish, and during the moment's freedom Kybird escaped and was gone. 'Five pounds! he said five pounis!' faintly gasped the stricken Biiters when he found himself alone. ' This blow accounts for the depression that has' hung like a pall upon my soul for so many hours. I knew that something dreadful was going to happen me. Five pounds! heavens, five hundred will not pay it, as the law courts of London shall speedily avow.' Filled with these exasperating reflections Biiters at length recovered sufficiently to continue his walk in the direction of iNorma's home, first making a detour towards the theatre, and carefully awaiting in an entry opposite the stage entrance till the place was locked up by Tarley himself, who, after trying the door and finding it secure, gave his arm to his wife, and walked off on foot as usual for his own home. Thus satisfied that the coast was clear Biiters left for an adjacent public-house, at which he left a three-cornered note ad dressed to ' Neville Rawson, Esq., and -then moving swiftly through the deserted streets, he reached the home of Norma. Taking a note from his breast pocket, he carefully drew his hat over his eyes, buttoned his coat up to the throat, turning tip the collar for greater security, ana 'ascending the steps rang the bell with ^urgent haste. The servant who had an swered had no time to see who thrust the note into her hands, as he had turned and -moved off before she had taken her Bves irona. the missive, but noticing the word 'Immediate' upon the top left hand corner, she at once closed the door and -hurried in with the note to her mistress. Norma was seated by her study fire with a play-book ia her hand, a sure indication that she was not in a mood to be disturbed; but Meggie advanced in haste, saying ? -(A note for you, ma'am. A man brought it in a great hurry, and it says * Immediate' outside, so I made so bold as ^to disturb 'you.' [ - ' A. glance at the superscription and Norma had recognised the handwriting. 'Mr. Tarley— what can be wrong ?' she anxiously remarked, as she. tore open ths jenvelope without waiting to use the paper knife at her elbow. The servant respect fully retired, and Norma did not hear her close the door, for she was deeply absorbed In running her eye in alarm over the fol lowing lines : — VS. Q. Theatre, 10.45 p.m.— My dear Norma — Come back to the theatre at once to consult with Mrs. Tarley and ms, as we have discovered -» plot against your life. You will find tlie stage door open, and please to come direct up -to the room above the carpenter's workshop. — S.Tabiet. ' F.S.— Say nothing of this to any one, but -come at once, and alone, like a dear girl. — S.T.' The shadow of concern deepened on sNorma'a pale features, and she glanced around her even there, in the safe, seclusion ?of her study, to make sure that no mad ?dened Neville Rawson lurked ready to sac rifice her to his jealous hate. ' Come at once, and alone ?' she mecha nically repeated; uhe means quietly and secretly. I shall go, for they are the best friends I have— except one — except one,' ? and she sighed deeply as she breathed forth the words. , r .: Drawing on a bonnet and veil, and en veloping hersetf. in a thick shawl reaching : nearly from head to foot, Norma hurriedly left the house, and so softly that the ser vants did iiot imow for hours that she was gone. The distance to the theatre was not .great, and she had swiftly decided to walk.' 4she kept close to the houses on the shadowed side of the streets, moving along, like a fleet ghost, and allowing no one to icome within arm's length of her side, and ethos' reached the stage door of the darkened and closed theatre, breathless, scared, and smsdousV ,. A fearful sglance on every side in the re ared alley, which at that side separated ithe building from the great house masses JfDressingit on every side, satisfied her that ?? she was^alone and unfollowed, though more, than once she^ had fancied: she iieard the; patter of stealthy -footsteps in her ^wakes. - With the quick glance; and the sigh of relief which followed it, she laid her hand on the door, found it unfastened, pressed it inwards, and disappeared into the theatre. . The moment she vanished a dumpy figure: appeared from an entry nearly opposite, and glided swiftly across towards the closed door, muttering, in the unmistakable tones ©f Biiters— 'The duplicate key was an immense idea; yes, my boy, yea. Mr. RawaoH enters the theatre, removes the key, and waits the arrival of his lady love; she enters next,, and hurries upstairs to meet with the agree able surprise ; T. B. follows, enters the theatre, locks himself in— so — to prevent intrusion from without, overhears the in teresting love scene, and in the event of an alaim of fire — quite a possible con tingency — makes for the door, bearing with him as many valuable props,, of no further use to the owner, as he can carry. With the moneys squeezed from Me3srs. Rawson and Kybird, and a fresh stock of valuable dresses and props., T. B.'s star of fame shall once more ascend the theatrical sky, and shine down in all its pristine glory upon an astonished world.' Biiters, who had suited action to word, as became an old actor, after locking him self in and leaving the key in the lock, cautiously ascended the gloomy defile lead ing past the stage to the various dressing rooms and workshops attached to the theatre. There was only one blink of gas on the way to relieve the intense darkness, but Biiters could have threaded his way blindfold. His first visit was to Ndrma's dressing-room, where not finding the young actress in the way, he coolly broke open the , boxes with the aid of a rusty combat sword, and stuffed his pockets 'with as many theatrical baubles as they could con veniently hold. Then spreading a table cloth on the floor, he made various expedi tions from room to room till he had accu mulated enough dresses and other useful articles to have served him a lifetime. These he fastened up as rigidly and tightly as possible, ready for lifting, and then, taking in his hand the stage lantern he had been using, he left the huge and heavy bundle in a handy position upon the wooden stair and cautiously ventured to the regions above, whence he had latterly heard sounds of voices in bitter and defiant contention. He reached the workshop of the stage carpenter to find it a scene of strange confusion. Every available spar- board, and scrap of wood had been piled in a loose and open heap over a mass of shavings near the inner door leading by a few wooden steps up to Mr. Tarley's private room, and a strong odor arising from the huge pile at once caught the sniffing nostrils of the old actor. ' Turps, turps, unmistakably oil of tur pentine,' he observed, in an awed whisper. ' A light begins to break upon T. B., and on the whole he thinks a hasty retreat would be judicious and advisable. But what are they quarrelling so hotly about? Let me listen, before bidding them and the theatre a last, fond farewell.' Meanwhile, Norma, threading her way without suspicion through the dark theatre, had at last been rewarded by coming upon a glimpse of light as she moved through the carpenter's shop. The strong smell of turpentine at any other time might have excited her curiosity, if not her suspicion, but the light streaming through the key hole of the strong door above, in confirming the truth of the message she had so sud denly received, at once dispelled every feeling but that of eagerness to learn what : danger threatened her. She flew up the few wooden steps, entered the room, and was at once confronted by a man who was coolly and methodically locking the heavy door after her and removing the key. One scared glance and cry of dismay, and she had recognised her once devoted slave, Neville Rawson, -( I think I said we should meet once more,' he frigidly began, calmly pocketing the key and politely offering her a chair. 'Prav he seated, .madam. I have not much to say, but it pains me to see you so powerfully agitated, and so breathless after your hurried walk.' ' Norma obeyed, but Was weak and breath less no longer. With a swift look of con temptuous scorn she seated herself, and then said, with forced calmness — u So ! it has come to this. Neville Raw son, the perfect,, the model gentleman, from being a convict and criminal through his own passions, now becomes both in cold blood, and with his eyes open and his senses clear, becomes a miserable forger and trickster, that he may harass and torture a poor defenceless girl! Well, sir, I was prepared for much iniquity on your part, but pardon me if -I did not credit you with such deep duplicity, such exquisite ras cality!' and Norma, as she hurled forth, the scathing words, bowed low, with a satirical smile wreathing her lips, and a glance in her eye that brought a crimson flush to the cheek of Rawson, in spite of his every effort to appear unmoved. 'Heap what epithets you please upon my head,' he returned, seating himself, with his back to the door he had closed, and facing Norma, with, a haggard look of. despair on his handsome features. ' These are mere idle words to me now, and may be the same to you, Norma, for from th's moment, our fates are linked, so far as this world is concerned. Yes, Norma, you may start ; for your taunts, which once would have cut me to the heart, now glance from me as harmlessly as piteous prayers dot rom Death when he has marked out his victim/' The quietness of RawBon'e tones, which had nothing vengeful or furious in them appeared so curious and unnatural in one whom she knew to be so uncontrollably pas sionate, that Norma, in spite of her indigna tion and loathing, was awed into a kind of pity, in spite of the deadly fear which his words had inspired. : . _ 'lam sorry for you,' she not without surprise found herself saying, 'I. would that we had never met. We might both have been so much more happy; so much more useful to the world.' : . ' We both sinned, though mine Was tha greater crime,' said Rawson, in the same passionless tones, 'and we have both been sorely punished. But ail our uahappiness may endhere- — shall end here.' Norma gave a long and shivering sigh. The confident assertion found ho hopeful echo in her breast. ' Unless you can roll back time with your iron will ; make the. greedy grave give up my treasures, and wipe from the heart tlie scars of two years' fighting with the world^ I cannot believe it possible,' she answered^ with « passionate ~angui3h that for the ] -moment added ten years to her thoughtful features. »?No, sir; wrong done lasts for ?teraity.' . ; . ; *' There is such a thing as atonement forgiveness — peace,' he sharply returned. 'I have all these in my heart,' as quickly answered Norma.. . . ' And love ? he eagerly enquired. *' Love, but none for yon-'; she firmly and unflinchingly retorted. ' ' I did not create my own being, which now loathes and de tests you with a strength that makes even me shudder and tremble. Tour life is a written lie — a hollow unreality. You have aimed at the-appearance of goodness while I in my woman's fashion have feebly struggled for the reality. No true woman could cling to a nature so warped, so false, so shifting. No ! give me a man — human and imperfect, if you will — but one who knows the godlike heroism of self-sacrifice.' 'You mean that you love another, and cast me off ?' simply returned Rawson. ' I do, for all time and eternity,' vehe mently answered Norma. ' Then time with us both will be shorty' said Rawson, with a quiet look of resigna tion that appeared too cool to cover any deadly meaning ; ' as for eternity, it is best left to take care of itself.' Norma paled slowly, and her hand in stinctively became pressed hard on her heart ; but she was too proud to give him even the satisfactionof a scared look towards door or window. K You mean that you will kill me ?n she said at last, with forced calmness; com plete your cruelty by taking the life of a helpless woman who never wronged you by word or deed ? It is manly, noble, kind !' ft Not your life alone, my own as well,' calmly rejoined Rawson. ' I had prepared for your answer, though hoping faintly that you would rather live for me than die so young.' He took a box of cigar lights from his pocket as he spoke and placed one against the side ready for striking as coolly as if , about to light a cigar. Norma at the same moment saw his eye travel to the floor beneath his seat and saw there strewn a thick train of gunpowder, which ran under the locked door tewards the car penter's shop outside, and in that brief moment tasted the bitter cup of sudden death. Like a flash the present vanished from her — the rude walls which sur rounded her, the relentless foe who fronted her melted in thin air, and she saw all her life move before her like a vivid picture, from the moment when she stood forth in simple white muslins among the dark green ; chesnuts of Bushey Park, with a circle of tear-wet faces in front, and a sad, earnest gaze bent upon her from the deep arch further back. Every incident, everj scene, every trial, nay every word, rushed before her in a burning stream of light and sound, : leading on, on till it landed her there in that miserable room, a trapped and helpless '? victim, with a man or rather a cool and deadly demon in front of her, thirsting for her life and about to hurl her from the bright, sunny world in to the land of deep silence. Yet the long train of thought could not have occupied more than am instant, for when she recovered she saw Rawson ; pause with the cigar light in his hand and heard him say, in his usual polite tones — ; ' But, perhaps, you d.o not wish to be , hurried in your decision; perhaps life f would not be so very hateful with me at your side; perhaps you would like a moment or two to consider ? } ' I fear not death,' cried Norma, in the wild energy of despair. ' I have little now to live for,*and though 'tis a bitter cup, I shall e'en take it with a firm hand. . But come no nearer me — let me die in peace, ? thinking of one as good and noble as you ; are demon-like. I am desperate now; so be warned, and come no nearer.' 'Thank you; I wish no unwilling or un-; loving wife,' quietly answered Rawson, ' Pah ! you ought to know your husband better. We must die together, however much we hate each other. 'Twill be a fitting end to my wasted life.' 'And a foretaste of another to come,' bitterly retorted Norma, with her hands clasped hard upon her bosom to stay its wild heavings, and deny him the triumph of a quiver, or a sigh, and adding softly to herself, ' I am not afraid to die — no. 1 am not afraid to die ; but I could have died easier with Ernest by my side. A woman has need of a strong pillar to cling to in soreirouble.'; She heard; a rasping crackle as the light was struck, and her eyes closed instan taneously in prayer as it flashed down among the powder, which ignited at once, and rushed under the door like a serpent of flame, instantly filling the room with a ; thick smoke which seemed to separate her forever from her foe and all earthly sights. Mingling with the flash of the gunpowder, and the sudden roar of flames in the car penter's shop without, came a sharp yell of agony in a man's voice. In his deep interest and insatiable curiosity to hear all Biiters had crept close to the door, and stood with his ear glued to the keyhole ; and tiot knowing that Rawson was really stooping to fire '. the train he had been un expectedly surrounded with a blinding roar of flames. With a frightful yell he dashed through the sweeping tongues of flame to the.door, with his clothes hanging ins inged fragments from his skin, the grey hair singed from his scalp, and the green gloves curling like scotched snakes on his roasted fingers. Like a demon winging his way from his native element Biiters dashed down the break-neck steps to . the stage, ' crossed it like a flash, and in-swift flight reached the head of the last stair which stood between him and the stage entrance. But here all was dark, and in his excitement and agony, not to say blindness, Biiters had quite forgotten the huge bundle of- valuable dresses and props which he had left so handily at the head of the steps. In his mad haste he stumbled on the heavy impediment, and then shot like a cannon ball head foremost down the steep and hreak-neck steps to the dark passage below, breaking one of his arms like a brittle pipe shank, nearly fracturiag his skull, and driving fram him what little of his senses remained. With a horrible groan he lay writhing in the dark, unable even to crawl from the spot, with the roaring and crackling flames beginning to glow ruddily down from above, the street without in an uproar, the yells of 'Fire, fire! The theatre's on fire!' coming faintly in on him from the swimming mist in which he was enveloped, and, agony of agonies, a strong door locked by his own hands between him and safety. But he could not resign himself to die thus like a trapped wild beast. With a despe rate-effort-he raised himself on one elbow and emitted a yell, despairing and awful as human throat could utter, and then was dimly conscious of being answered from without, close to the stage door, upon which he heard a crashing shower of blows descend. A moment more, and the edge of an axe came swiftly through the panel; another blow, and it was flying in frag ments towards the spot on which he lay ; and then an arm came swiftly through, the key in the lock was grasped and turned, and with a rush the uncouth form of Grrig was at his side, with Christo Kybird close at his heels. The limp and groaning form of Biiters was snatched from the ground by the dig ger, but Grig tore at him with convulsive grasp, hoarsely hissing in his ear — ' Norma ! JNorma ! Where's sweet Norma?' Just on the verge of insensibility, Biiters faintly understood the desperate query, and, groaned out—. 'Tarley*s little room — behind the car penter's shop—but all in flames.' Grig waited to hear no more, bat dashed un the steep steps, axe in hand, while Biiters was borne forth by the aid of two policemen to an adjoining public-house, where he was carefully watched aud guarded till a conveyance 'should arrive to remove him to prison or hospital. Mean time Grig had rushed on, with Kybird close at his heels, till the broad stage was reacted when a phalanx of flame and smoke btaggered both, and caused Kybird to pause with the cry — ' Don't go no further, Marklew ; it isn't safe; isn't possible; you'll be roasted alive!' But Grig dived swiftly below the sweep ing flames and smoke and dashed on as before, shouting, almost screaming — 'Norma ! Norma ! my sweet Norma !' Kybird could not move an inch farther, but gasping, singed, and all but senseless, stumbled down the- atairs to the open air, feebly exclaiming — ' He's gone ! he would go, and he's lost ; get ladders or he's lost ; and there's a woman inside, far up, being burned alive !' But Grig had that which Kybird lacked, a perfect knowledge of every inch of the theatre, and could move as unerringly in the roar of the flames and swirling of smoke as in broad daylight. He crept up the second flight of steps, burning hot under his knees, and avoiding the flaming workshop and its entrance, got round to tlie hack of the room in. which Norma cowered, arasp ing for breath and longing for death. Three clashing blows of the axe, in answer to her wild screams of joy, ancE the thin wall of wooden boards was beaten inwards and his welcome head and shoulders thrust through the gap. ' Grig ! oh, Grig ! heaven's best mes senger, save me !' screamed Norma, as her senses whirled for the first time since entering the the theatre, and staggering faintly towards the familiar form and voice. But in that brief momest, when liberty ard life seemed almost within her grasp, a cruel and relentless hand grasped her and dragged her back. , 'No I together ! we shall die together !' .she heard Rawson gasp in her ear ;? when a looming and uncouth shadow rose through the blinding smoke; an axe came down, butt end foremost, with a dull horrible thud upon his arm— the arm that grasped Norma— and with a groan he staggered back. Then Norma's senses left her,, and she knew no more till she was in the cool air outside, borne along in the arms of four policemen, with a surging crowd opening wide to let her pass, the lurid glare of the burning theatre crimsoning their up-turned and sympathetic faces, and the nimble firemen raising a long ladder towards a high window, at which was seated, in scornful indifference and with folded arms, the man who had once been her husband. The excited grasp of her hand stayed the kindly bearers* and then they understood her passionate ' Oh, save that man, save him !' The entreaty was uncalled for. The moment the fire-escape stood erect against the wall, a nimble, though uncouth figure, with singed hair and burned clothes, dashed at it before a red helmeted fireman could advance, and ran up the steps with the cry— 'Tve hurt him, but I bear him no- ill will. I must save him, too.' The flames were now licking at the ppen window upon which the solitary figure was so calmly seated, and the smoke at times entirely hiding him from sight, but the moment Grig's nimble figure reached the topmost step of the escape, and hi& sxms were outstretched to give him succor, the left fist of the madman flew out with terrific force right into the hunchback's eyes* For a moment Grig tottered feebly, and groped aimlessly far the spokes of the ladder upon which he stood, then, as a roar of horror burst from the breathless crowd below, he toppled backwards and flashed in a helpless heap towards the ground. One brave fire man, who, with ready wits rushed in to break the fall, was stricken to the ground with him, and with a hoarse cry of grief the crowd of police and firemen closed upon the unfortunate men to bear them from the spot. Women, and even strong men turned away, and hid their faces in their hands as the two sad processions moved past, and none noticed that the window from which the hunchback had been dashed was now vacant of all but bursting flames, the soli tary figure having toppled back into the burning building without a cry or a groan. Poor Grig ! He was terribly injured, but quite sensible, and still faintly tried to raise himself on the rude litter in the wreathing arm8of.the weeping Christo Kybird, and say ? : . . ;. . ?? -: , . '' I tried to save him, bat he threw me down. Take me away to some place where I can be hear Norma, and see her get hotter; and have het look at me and smile. Bless her ! Bless her for a good sort !' (To be continued.) 