THE LATE MATTHEW DAWSON. i Tub following sketch of tho Into Mat Daw. , eon, condensed from tho World, will be read ! with intorest:— I " The soeno is at Newmarket, celebrated for I aausagos and horso-racing. A quarter of a oontury ago tho great ropreeentativo trainer of racehorses dwelt afar from tho historio Heath. : | "While John Scott abode at Malton tho thoughts I of ownors, backers, and bookmakers, and tho epyglaasoa of innumerable touts were directed 1 towards Langton Wold. Whitewall was a show place of which Yorkshiremen—horsiest 1 , of mortal*—wore justly proud. The Loger 1 was almost farmod by tho Great Northern stable 1 which counted amongst its supporters tho lato Lord Derby, Mr. Bowes, and the present Lord Falmouth, at that time ho rejoiced in the ti ' dc courses of Mr. E. T. Valentine. All this is ohangod. The glory of tho turf has fadod from Langton Wold and sottlod upon Newmarket. In the year when Bed Eagle won tho Cara bridgeahire thore were not 200 horses at Now market* Now there aro low short of 1,000. From tho Berkshire Dowdb camo hither & few 1 years ago Mr. Mattfcow—called by his friends and admiral's ' Mat '—Dawson, on whom the mantlo of John Scott may fairly lie said to havo fallen. A tbick-set active man of some fivoand-fifty summers greets us heartily as we stop into his sanctum at Heath House. His rosy features—of that particular tint which can only he acquired by the constant contemplation of horse flesh—ato surrounded by a fringe of whiskers; bis still abundant locks are but slightly touched with grey. There is,saving the peculiar and otherwise indis cribahle hue already referred to, nothing of a sporting character in the appearance of Mat thew Dawson. His soake-up is of the severe —almost clerical—order, and his demeanour and conversation are Bingularly free from any trace of the stable. He is one of tho most genial of Scots, but a strenuous worker withal, equal not only to tho task of training an im mense stud of horses, but of entering them ju diciously for forthcoming events, no light task, ho it remembered. " The wallsof the pleasant room, looking on to alawnassmoothasabilliard-table are hung with portraits of equine celebrities—high-mettled racers of stainless pedigree, whose glory ia en- ; shrined for ever in the atudbook. First of these in antiquity, as in renown, is Eclipse. Over the fireplace hangs a hardly less celo. brated animal—Alice Hawthorn, tho dam of Thormanby, winner of the Derby, and one of the honsebold gods of the Dawsons. Of the famous chesnnt Thormanby—the honest son of Windhouud—there are memorials in plenty. On one side hangs his portrait in oils; on the other etandsastatnette of himinsilrtr; andamagnifi cent whisk is made out of the tail—curiously flocked with the whalebone white hairs—which he showed to the Wizard as they shot past the poBt for the Derby. The American horse Umpire had many followers; all Yorkshire plunged on tho Wizard, and the partisans of the yellow jacket—the original Westminster colours, temporarily borne by Mr. Merry— staked'heavily on Thormanby. The Wizard ' was trained by old John Scott, named after I him; and bad besides the prestige which always I attacheB to the winner of the Two Thousand ; Guineas. Thormauby's trainer had good cause for his confidence; but it was only after a regular trial with jockeys up at Rassley that Matthew Dawson knew his horse was twenty one pounds better than Northern Light. Mr. Merry then backed bis representative for a : great stake at short odds, and is said to bave I won nearly £100,000. Bnt it was a nearer thing than the decision of the Judge indicated, I for only forty-eight hoars after the race Thor i manby suffered from an attack of strangles, , from which he never thoroughly recovered during the season. He made a poor fight for the famous Leger In which St. Albans romped home; but a grand show in the Ascot Cup next year. " Above the picture of Alice Hawthorn is Kingcraft, a Derby winner, with his owner, Lord Falmouth, standing by his side, a gift from His Lordship to his trainer. Next comes a capital portrait of Tom Aldoroffe, in the French grey jacket and red cap of Admiral Harcourt, mounted on Ellington, a horse trained by Tom Dawson at Middleham, and the winner of one of the most sensational Derbies on record. " Discoursing pleasantly of turf history and turf legend, the trainer of Thormanby and Kingcraft, Dundee and Buokstone, Spioaway, Camballo, and Lioness points with his gold double i eyeglass to a magnificent portraitof Old Fisher- ; man after bis retirement from racing, and to an- 1 other of Wild Dayrell,oneof the greatest horses i of modern days. Between these is the gallant, black—almost blue black—Sannterer, whom he ; passed to Mr. Merry, who won with him the historical Goodwood Cup, followed by the sod den death of a popular nobleman under circum stances which caused much painful remark. It was during his connection with Matthew Daw son that Mr. Merry achieved those victories which made the boy io yellow the gnadian angel of backers and the despair of the ring. " The Heath House establishment was origi nally bnilt, we believe, by Lord Stamford for Joseph Dawson, but ultimately came into the hands of his brothor. Having been made on purpose, it is everything that & great training establishment should be. Looking over the nice patch of training ground, called for some incomprehensible reason tbo "Severals," to wards the abode of Judge Clark at Fairstead, Heath House ia handy to the Bury Hill. At the rear of the tree-embowered dwelling is a quadrangle of stables, all well appointed, spick and spnn, and sileut as the grave. Thero is a hardly perceptible bustle as the horses re turn from exercise, bnt silence is tho order of the day-. Tho lornr strings of terribly high bred cattle glide out of the stable on to the Seyerals and Bury Hill noiselessly as sheeUd ghosts. Faoo and direction aTe indicated by a wavo of tho hat or a movement of the hand. All fall into position in mechani al regularity. Even the yearlings seem impressed with a sense of; coming dignity, and move gravely, as if they know now much money they are destined to carry. At ufternoon time the horses of name and fame, the oynosure of touts, the hope of backers, tho dread of the ring, ate quietly bestowed in the stable, their work having been done at an early hour soon after sunriso in fact, bnt not too early for the keen eyts, which can recogniso any animal trained at Newmarket through the thickest of clothing, and make a shrewd- guess at his condition besides Tout ing must bo a profitable profession, if, as we are told, the head of the profession at New market makes £1,000 a year. The trainers at head-quarters appear to entertain far less horror of the indigenous tout than of the army of homo-watchers"who invade the town just before a great race. These outsiders aro a sore trial and a vexation, from their rough manners and objectionnble iutrusiveness. Almost as ex asperating as ure the persons who, without the slightest claim to tho confidence of a trainer, pelt him with letters, of which the following —received just before the raeo for the Middle Park Plate—is a fair sample:—'From of toMr.M.Dawson,Newmarket. DearSir,— | You will excuse me taking the liberty of writ ing to you. I should feet exceedingly obliged if you would let mo know if you are going to win with Lord Falmouth's filly. I am, Bir, yours truly "T?fom the period of hie pleasant connection with Lord' John' Scolfc. until now,*. Matthew Dawson has ever eschewed, fanciful theories and hard-and-fast rules of training. ^ It was said of • the • two famous trainers of his early, years—John Scott and old John Day—that the former always leant towurds flesh, preferring to run hiB horeee a little above themselves, while John Day would insist on galloping them till the last ounce of superfluous fat was removed. Matthew Dawson may ba desig nated an eclectic trainer, fully recognising tha value of each of the older systems iu particular eases, bat viewing every horse under his care - as a pationt requiring special treatment accord- . ing to his individual constitution. " As we saunter through the stables on a warm afternoon the cats (without which no racing establishment would he complete) ait blinking their eyes at the sun, looking as wise as only owls and cats can look, and the calm of the place becomes if possible more intense than ever. On Sunday, perhaps, a lower deep of stillness is reached. It is only broken in the evening, when Mrs. Dawson, who takes great pride in her regiment of tiny apprentices, reads evening service, and the hoys lift up their voices and sing with a vigour and accuracy which speak well for the skill of their teacher and the soundness of their lungs.'* 