A BITTER GAIN. Eemaekable affinity existed betweon tho occupants of two separate windows in one of a' dingy row of brick houses ono exception ally hot summer not many years ago; it was the' moro remarkable that, these two people were very unlike each other, being of opposite sexes, tho ono a grizzled, gruff, grumpy bachelor on the wrong side of fifty, the other a round, rosy, rollicking maiden of 'sweet and twenty.1' . The man was evidently a foreigner, the woman an unmistakable American, and these two heads, framed by the embrasures of the separate windows, formed a strong con trast. It was about four o'clock in the afternoon, and both of them were looking for the postman— she from her attic win dow, he from his second floor front. Thoy had been looking for the postman every day for a fortnight, and hoped deferred bad paled the cheek and subdued the merriment of the maiden, while it deepened the already rubicund colour and sharpened the already testy temperament of the man. Presently appeared in sight the brisk, dapper little postman- in the grey uniform, with his bag strapped over his shoulder, stepping along from house to house, dealing joy and sorrow, surprise,' fear, ecstusy, all the emotions incident to poor hapless humanity, as he went. But he dealt nothing to the two anxious watchers in the dingy brick row. Their heads simultaneously turned to watch him as he disappeared around a neighbour ing corner. The man giunted out a bitter ejaculation, and slammed down the window ; the gid sighed, and with difficulty repressed a ebb as she closed the blind. The next day at four o'clock the same pantomime was enacted. Tho same anxiety, hope, fear, disappointment, were painted on ? the two faces. The girl brushed the tears from her eyeB, and put wearily back her hair. As tbe man, with bis usual expletive of disgust and disap pointment, tugged at tho blind, a puff of wind blew thu light ribbon from the hair of the girl straight down into his ey*es, and from thence to' the floor of his room. He saw it at once. It lay upon the faded carpet almost under his feet. His first impulse, was to tramp upon it as ho marched to and fro. irrowlin'' at the hard 4uck that shut him up in this hot hole during the dog-days. His next impulse was to kick thu bauble aside ; but it was not of a kick able nature, and clung close- to his feet. He Etdoped at last and took it from the floor, and found it suspiciously damp. 'She's been sniffling again,' he said. ' As usual, she gets no letter, and cries ; I get no letter, and I swear. I wonder which is the moBt consoling. And why in thunder don't she got her letter? Sho can't have any rascally lawyers to deal with, that lie and cajole, and cheat and eteal. She can't be waiting for a witness to come from the other side of the world to testify in a case that ought to have been settled before he went to tea. I believe it was .a conspiracy on the part of these infernal lawyers to dawdle along with the case, and not discover the exist ence of this Martin Malloy till he had shipped again, and was well ont of their call. And now it appears that the fate of the suit depends upon the testimony of this fellow before the mast. At least five thousand pounds of my money at this present moment is at stoke in the life of a miserable sailor far out at sea.' Here his soliloquy was interrupted by a light tap at tbe door. 'Come,' he growled, without turning his head. He thought it was his landlady, Mrs. Matson, for whom .he had no particular affection, or her rough-featured domestic, that he felt certain was shortening his life by her miserable cookery. But a gentle voice said, ' Did you want anything, sir ?' And, turning, he beheld his landlady's daughter. ' And how in the world she could bear that relation to the fat, swarthy, coarse, and commercial female who kept the house, this lodger could not imagine. Her eyes were so soft and brown, so plead ing and innocent, frank and confiding as a little child's, whereas her mother's were narrow and sharp, distrustful and cunning. The young girl flushed under this scrutinising gaze, and said, again, 'You didn't want anything, then, Mr. M'Graw ; Mother said you pounded on the floor.' ^.'Pounded!' said Mr. M'Graw; 'of course I pounded. If I don't get a letter soon, I'll make smithereens of some of this horse-hair furniture about me. If your mother has any regard for her squint-eyed ancestor over there, she'd better take him, down and out of the way. He's been following me about .with that damaged leer of his for the last fortnight. It's a mercy I haven't stabbed him through tho canvas. And, say,' he added, for the girl was fast vanishing out of his sight, and she was a wondrous pleasant article, to look upon in. this gloomy old barrack — 'say,', said Mr. M'Graw. Ho was still twirling the bit of blue ribbon in his fingers, and now held' it out to the young giil. ' It fell in the window to-day as we were both looking for that confounded postman. ' I hope we'll have better luck to-morrow, Maggie.' ' I thought sure we would to-day, sir,' said Maggie, blushing and sighing. 'I had a good sign this morning.' . (( TUUni ntnn -4-1-1 o 4- HTnywrttin Of V —-.I J H,t*-_ M'Graw, still holding his i end ofHhe blue ribbon. ' Why, see, sir,' Bhe said, and pointed to the skirt of her dress. 'I' put it on wrong side out this morning, and never changed it, for Martin used to say it was a 3ure sign of good luck.' ' And who is Martin ?' said Mr. M'Graw. ' It so happens that I am interested' in that name.' ' The one I'm looking for a letter from, 3ir. The vessel was due a month ago1;' ind here her voioe broke, and the brown ayes filled with tears. . 'A sailorwith the name of Martin?' mid Mr. M'Graw, with increased interest. ' What's his last name, Maggie?' ' Malloy, sir— Martin Malloy.' ' God bless my soul !' said Mr. M'Graw ; ' this is a remarkable coincidence 1 Why, Maggie,' this is the very man I'm waiting to hear from. A heavy sum of my money depends upon this friend of yours. I sup pose he is more than a friend, Maggie ?' ' We're promised to be married, sir, after this voyage. He had a chance of rising to second mate; and oh, I'm so sorry we waited!' ? . 'So am I,' said Mr. M'Graw. 'If he'd stopped long enough to be married, we might have got hold of him for a witness, and that would have been tho making of many a thousand pounds, for me ; but never mind, Maggie ; let's depend upon the augury of the petticoat. You see our fates are linked together, and as only one of us wears a pettiooat, the one garment must serve for us both; and I'll vtell you what, Maggie '—for she was faBt vanishing again, and he hated to see her go— 'I'll tell you what; when Martin comes back, and wins for me this money, a good round sum of it shall go for a wedding outfit for you.' ' If he only comes back 1' said Maggie, and went out tho door, leaving the ribbon still in the band of Mr. M'Graw— a meditative, softened, altogether changed expression upon his fa ?*- ? - ' 'A most renmikablo coincidence 1' he repeated to himself. 'Tbis accounts for the interest I've taken in that girl from the start. A queer freak of destiny baa thrown us together, and hero we are both hanging upon tbo fate of this sailor. I don't suppose he's worthy of her. No doubt he'a a rough, common, , abusive bruto ; but he's young' — here Mr. M'Graw gave vent' to a grunt tbat was meant for a sigh— ?' and, I suppose, after his low fashion, good-looking.' Here Mr. M'Graw kieked over tho ottoman that obstructed his way, put tho blue ribbon in hie 'vest pocket, drew a chair to the window, filled his pipe, and looking out upon a triangu lar bit of the western sky, fell into a pro found reverie. The next morning Maggie was at her old p03t at the attic window. Mr. M'Graw was also rattling at his blinds; but he looked fully as often up at Maggie as he did down the street for the pobtman, and was quite jocular and smiling for a man of his1 nervous temperament. 'Any more signs, Maggie?' he said, almost dislocating his neck to gob a good look at her pretty face. Maggie shook her head, and smiled mournfully. ' I dreamed of white horses, sir, and mother says its a bad sign.' ' Your mother is. always a f — ' Here tho postman stopped at the door, and nobody will ever, know whether Mr. M'Graw meant to call his landlady a fine woman or a fool, for all further conver sation was stopped by the coming of the long looked- for letters. Thero was one for Maggie, and one for Mr. M'Graw. Maggie had run down to the door, taken both letters, and fled upstairs again. Her hand was trembling and cold as she put the letter in Mr. M'Graw's hand. 'Im afraid to open mine,' she said; 'it's in a' stiange handwriting.' Mr. M'Graw watched her disappear, tnen tore open his own envelope without a tremour. At the first sentence, however, Mr. M'Giaw started, and put his spectacles firmer upon his nose, and by the time he had read the missive half 'through, his face had become the index of many conflicting, emotions. All at once there was a heavy thumn unon ihe floor of the room above. 'My God!' said Ml\ M'Graw, 'she's ;ot the news already.' And, rushing1 out -f the room and up tho 'stairs as fast as his rather gouty lega could cairy him, ho law the poor girl stretched lifeless upon ;he floor, the fatal letter crumpled in her iand. Then he pounded in right good earnest, and, being a man of action, had jroper restoratives used, a doctor brought, md, after a time, poor Maggie wearily -pened her eyes. The moment the saw Mr. iX'Graw she screamed and fainted again. ' I'm a bitter reminder of ber loss,' laid Mr. M'Graw. The doctor and ilaijgie's mother looked at him inquir ngly, wondering how Mr. M'Graw could emind Maggie of the drowning of her over. But Mr. M'Graw did not explain ! is merely stepped aside when Maggie ipened her eyes again. After her first ong, sobbing breath, her first words were or Mr. M.'Graw. 'Where is he?' she said. 'Let him :ome to me. He has lost hiB money, md I have lost — ' Here the words roze on her lips, and Bhe held out ler handa to Mr. ItTGraw, who had eached tho couch upon whioh they had if ted' her. She put her arms about his leek, and sobbed there like a little child. Sir. M'Graw had lived a lonely bachelor's ife ; his kith and kin were faraway. This vas a new experience for him — new and itrangely sweet. For years And years the ragrant breath of a woman had not ;ouched his lips. His eyes were wet and jlurred; a queer choking sensation arose n his throat; bi3 voice was husky as he jlurtsd out some consoling words. ' He can never come back to speak for pou,' said-poor Maggie. ' You have lost ill your money. I'm very eorry for you, Mr. M'Graw.' ? . She meant she was sorry for herself, but ihe poor child craved companionship in her frier. Heaven knows she got it- from Mr, M'Graw. From this time out ho becamo levoted to the duty of assuaging the grief )f the bereaved girl. He filled his pockets with bonbons, and ribbon's, and the various gewgaws he thought would soften bhe affliction of a girl of twenty, and fail ing with those, nought to distract her by junketings to pniks and p»omenatloa and shows, and rinding these wore oiofcaaMul to !ier, tit last yielded to her desire to go down to the whurveB where the big ahips l»y. Hero they spent hour after hour, Mr. M'Graw oontent to hold one of her hands in his while the other lay idly in her lap, and her eyes went wistf ally wandering out over tbo water, till the shadows grew longer and loDger, and the day was done. Then her wonld say, gently, ' Come, Maggie,' and she would obey in a sweet, dutiful fashion, lifting her face to his, fall of eomo sort of afl eotion —he didn't stop to consider what it was ; but Maggie knew that she owed- this luxury of melanoboly entirely to Mr. M'Graw. Ho had coaxed her mother into giving over Maggie's ordinary drudgery into other handa, so that sho could have the oomfort of nurs ing ber griei under the anspioes of Mr. M'Graw. His landlady bad, indeed, needed very little persuasion, and met his entreaties half way. Mr. M'Graw found nothing distasteful in thiB maternal eolioitude having for years parried the thruBts and caterings of anxious mothers in behalf of their portionless daughters, the more so as it farthered his own happiness, and rendered U1LU JUU1O DUU UlVig VU|UlVl|HUia MB WlUtJ went by. Now that the hot summer was gone, and the stormy winds of' winter began to blow, the old briok lodgings were not so gloomy. The obliquely visioned ancestor had been' taken from the wall; the horsehair furni ture covered with a gay chintz ; the rusty grate was rubbed into a rubicund bright ness, and therein. the coals blazed gener ously. There was no stint in tho maternal blessings showered. upon this lodger, and Mr. M'Graw, for the first time, appreciated his dealings with a commercial woman, who was willing to spend mouey when there was considerable to be made by it. This excellent woman even endeavoured to put an air of smartness into Maggie's ward robe, and garnished her cloak with a crimson trimming. Maggie ,wore. the cloak, but her face was sadly out of 'keeping with the brave -garment. She had grown bo much more subdued, and so much older in her manner and appearance, that Mr. M'Graw felt more and more at ease in her society, and of the' two lie began to appear the brightest, and wore an air of briskness and vigour that went far to make up for his mature years. His lawyers declared that never, in the whole oourse of their experience, had they seen a man possessed with such admirable philosophy. 'At least five thousand pounds swept away with this unlucky sailor, and M'Graw never murmurs about it,' said ono of the legal gentlemen. i 'Adversity seems to soften him,' replied the other. 'He hasn't cursed anybody or anything for six months'.' ' Still ho don't seem crushed or oldened by .the blow.' ...-?? i ? / ' On the contrary, ho gets younger overy day.' Whioh really was a foot. Happiness was an'extraordinary renovator to Mr. M'Graw, and the neighbours deoiared kindly that he and Maggie looked very well together. 'Oh, a man is always young. if he's got . means,' they added. As the months went by, it began to be generally conceded by all concerned that Mr. M'Graw was ' paying attention' to Maggie, and Bhe wan treated with that rare consideration tbat hor good luck demanded. The only oieatnro that seemed ntterly ignorant of the situation was poor Maggie herself, who had never for a moment for gotten her dead sailor, or ceased reviving his memory to Mr. M'Graw, who seemed the only one that oould fully sympathise with hor and console her. Piodded on by the encouraging hints tnd allusions of thu girl's mother, Mr. M'Graw had endeavoured to infuse into his manner, something of thu boating of a lovur, but ' Maggie invariably received these advances with the gentle gratitude that had beoome a part of her natnro, and Mr. M'G/aw instinotively shrank from anything that might bkook hm delicacy, or enutrango her froin him. Ho resolvuu to bide hia time, winning gradually all of her hettri that watt left' fiom the possession of the dead sailor, accustoming hor to the praotioe of ussociatiog their lived together,' teaching her to lean upon him, and seek from him what happiness she could call her own. Then when some happy moment arrived in which he oould win her to sbaru hor life with him, he would truitt to his own exertions to wiu lier Iovo. Life was aweary bpraen in the oid boarding-houee, oompareu to tha luxury ho oould tlier htr. Tuuh he could sac (hat ho was making liiusell neces sary to hor. Oce morning, as they' Blood upon the long pier and looked out. to sea, be said to the' girl clinging io hie aim, ' Shall you be sorry, njy dear, lo see me ono of theae daja sailing uwivy iroiu you in u uinp liko that one over jouiler, never perhups to look upon jour Bweet fuuo uguiu ?'' She Baid no word, but oluug closer to hia arm, and two big tears rolltd out of her eyes. He touk courage then to puc his arm about her — not bio that it hud often been there before,' but that wus in a fatherly sort of way.; ''Would you be ufraid, Maggie, ta ci-oes the sea with me?' he sniii. 'Afiaid?' she replied; 'lcould never be afraid of the sea.' There was an unpleasant inflection in these words that was closely connected with the dead sailor, and, Mr. M'Graw essayed stili another inquiry. ' Don't you love me a little, Muggie ?'' he said. ? 'Iiove'you better iban anybody now,' she said. He longed to ask her if her love was anything of the nature of the ardent pasaicn sue had oace' held for the sailor Malloy, but of course he retained, aud indeed waB well contont with his present happiness. Mr. M'Graw itlb certain of the future. Tins seemed no obstacle to his happiness, and that very d»y he resolved to get his affairs iu shape so that he could leave the, country at a moment's notice. He stooped and kissed Maggie good-bye, and started off blithely to see bis lawyers. 'Don't be long,' she called from the window. ' I Bhall wait here till you come back.' ' . ' ' God bleES the child !' said poor Mr. McGraw. 'There . certainly now is nothing to hinder our happiness.' The lawyers were ,out, and the office whs in care of the boy. On a low chair by the door a man sat, with hia head resting upon his hands, and his hands resting upon his knees. His whole appearance was that of slipshod nature that it seemed as if he might fall to pieces at'nny moment. His frame, of Herculean dimensions, was the more pitiable that the flesh had shrunken from his bone3, ai.d the features of his face were harsh and forbidding in their1 prominence. His clothes were faded and patched, his hat was pulled over his eyes, and altogether ho was a most forlorn and pitiable object in this dffiee oE a prosperous solicitor. ? lathe heyday of happiness, how could' Mr, M'Graw pass this wretched fellow creature by without a word ? ' ' Good morning, my poor fellow,' ho said. .'You eeem to be in a sorry plight. Can I do anything for you ?' ' You can tell me,' said tho man, in a hoarse and hollow voice, 'if it's true that these people here will be glad to see me. I'm told there's a reward offered for any news of m», and I'd like a little mouey to prink up before I go to see my sweetheart. She'll be thinking it's my ghost if I go to her liko this.' ? 'Some wretched criminal,' thought Mr. M'Graw, 'who has risked everything to see the woman he loves. See here, my good fellow,' he siiid, lowering his voice, ' if this money will be of any ueo to you, take it, and go ; but I'd keep clear of the law iB I were you.' ' Why,, thank you, «lr,' said the mau, putting buck the bills, ' but I'm no beggnr. I'll wait and hear what theae shnrki have to say.' . At that moment the senior lawyer entered, and turned upon the fellow a diotrustful glance. 'What do you want her3?' he said, sharply. ' I want the money that was offered for news of a shipwrecked Bailor called Miirtiu Malloy.' ' I offered ten pounds,' said the lawyor, turning to Mr. M'Graw. 'The devil you did I' said Mr. M'Graw, sho had fallen into p. ohair, aud was g'«ziu;; at tho man with utrainod eyci. ' Thin m»lloy is dead,' ne udded, still keeping his ayes upon the man. 'Ha ain't quite dead,' said the roan 'but as near it ns ho likes to ba.' Thou ae went .on to toll the story of tho wreck, bhe exposura in the open boat, the agony and starvation, the do&ih; and Insanity of must of bhe crew. It was an old story, repeated very jfton, but tho . lawyer and Mr. M'Graw aeomocl to^hang upon every word that fell from tha lipa of the miserable irmrim-r. Mr. M'Graw's face grew old ond wrinkled to ho listened. The Uwyair at length uttered an bjaoulatlon o£ joy. 'I congratulate you, Sir. M'Graw,' he said, turning to Mb client ; ' your money is as Eufe j.n if you held it in {rout hanilB.' Bdt Mr. M'Graw bad fallen baokngainBt the wall. They loosened his neok-tie, and threw water in his faue. ' By Jove I' said the lawyer, ' your joyful news has . been too maoh for him. A big psrt of his money was at stake, you see, and he's hidden his feelings bo long under a mask of reaignation that now he is overoome. Get a cab at onoe,' he added, to the boy. But Mr. MoGraw revived, and by the time the'oab readied the office, he was able to ad home alone. Ho, however, asked Martin to go with him ; aua no the cab rolled along bis eyes were still flxod upon his dilapidate! companion. ' Nobody woald Imow yon, I suppose 1' he Baid to the Bailor. ' Not a opal, sir,' said Martin. ' Not even the-a— tbo person you spoke of as yonr sweetheart ?' , 'She least of any,' said Martin. 'I think sho'd run away from mo on sieht ' ' You think so ?' ' £m. euro o£ St- * befc y°« * dollar she . would,' .,.??? 'Yet it wouldn't pain you?' : ' 'Why no— why ebould it? Women-folks are made that way. But I'll soon prink up if I get a chance.' .. , He' began to .prink up already, put his hat back, and brushed his rumpled hair ' ? ? from his forehead, looked from the window ? ^ of the cab with the air of a man to whom life was unspeakably rare and sweet._ Ho was emaciated, shrunken, sallow, fierce- ,' eyed, and forlorn; he was poor and patched; but Mr. M'Graw would willingly nave taken hid place in tho races for happiness; he knew that ull was lost. Here was Martin Malloy , that was the end of everything. The thought came a littlo too lato that ., seeing her long-lost lover might kill. the girl or drive her mad. He began to explain to 'Martin, aB gradually as he ' : oould, that the house to whioh tney wero juurneying was the one that contained his sweetheart. Mr. M'Graw chose tne most r careful phraseology he could muster, but the sailor Beemed all at onco to get on Hro. He flung' hia hat upon tho teat beside him; he stretched from the window his / long, shrunken neck. '? You'd better get out and come in after I've broken' io to her. ' It n-ay kill her; it , may dtive her .mud. The shock was a teniole one to me,' said Mr. M Grow. 'That be hanged!' said Murtin. 'You're an. old man, you know, aud thought ot your mouey — but my Maggie,!' cere hn stopped, and the flauio oi: Utliaht aud desire burned in his ciietks aud ejos. ' Ho grew suddenly young and strong under cue gaze of poor i\Xr. M'GiaKf, Maggiu sat thero by tuo window, as sho . had piomised. Ob, the bitterness ot that ujomunt to onu, the Happiness to the other ! Oue moment JUr. M'Gmff suw tu-r as ho ., had K-tD hev — pale, calm, subdued, patiunt; iho text, a criuibon glow liau ltaytd io her iuee, then lett it paler tbun beforo ? suddenly it disappeared, and Mr. BlcGraw ? . tbuugUD ir. had fallen away tomewnerd in a ?fdinfc; but presently it shone on ilit: breast of tho tailor, bo radiunb and beautiful tnat it dazzled pc or Mr. Al'Giaw. ? ; 'Why, you did bow mo,' said Martin, tears bursting our, of his burning eyes. 'By thunder, in spito of overytiiiujjj'ulio did know ino ! I owe you a dollar, Mr. M'Grraw !' 'And, 'Master Shallow, I owo you a thousaudpound,' ' quoted Mr. M'Graw, with a bitter grin. ? ??..'.''? What moro ctin bo said? Tho wedding took place a littlo lator on, after tho lawsuit ? had been decided in favour of Mr. M'Graw. Hag-gio's wedding trip was across tho sea, but not in a steamer. It was in a trig littlo ., vessel, which Mr. M'Gruw gave as a wedding present, at the express request of the biido. - ' ' Martin wouldn't givo up the sea,' she said. ? ?? ? 'And you wouldn't givo up Martin?' said Mr. M'Graw. ._ 'Why, no, sir ;vnot for the world,' said ,. the foolisi girl. . ? . ? So poor Mr. M'Graw took passage alono. 