S AND S?I?N HILL GAZETTE. : PU.LI9 ? K '?EwE?KLY.r ._.? ?.Na? OCTO BI 39, s1880. TH L FO R'EIGN COM\IISSIONERS. THERE should be no doubt in'-the minds of all reasonabie- men,' that the holding: of the. International Exhibi tion now o.pen:in Melbourne mus?? nave 'a material effect in benefitting tl.e` Iulon): The good result may not' be.. immediate, but it is 'not' 'less certain. Honme `artisans nowv have .an oppor tunity of seeihg our manufactures side by side '~wit the best of' the 'world nations wvho have Wobn their fame as a mauufacturing pbower 'Owing to protec-` tion, we are .endeavouring to be great in inaniitufactuifes. After our home wants are Sipp!ied, we hope tobe able to. supply our neighbor. To be eiabled to do this, our goods `must eel, and to assist. the gwining of: that end,; no better - opportunity. could arise thanu studying the excellence of ithie exhilbits' now on view ih Melbourne.. - Another aspect presents .itself, wherein:'we'l derive much advantage: 'o the, untrammelled portion of the old world, -Aiustralia -is'a./erra inconflo?,o. Fromi the' in `s its `- d -1 '1h6 e siF hichb, occuired ' between Barinkib crops anSlooked ;upon, ns cost was estinal .t it; was.hope."thalt such d hn.place:in t ae character of d pntatiou shea t amiOit spring. WOUld set .Jý JJ4:'.. otf5effA'i' its capabilities and vast ..atuiam resources, 'they are en re, ignorant. The Commissioner vho have visited these shores cannot fail to be favorably impressed with our won i6ýthjýrii-i; e d vanced deully rapid growthand the advancd Sstrides we:have made towards becom ing a:manufactuiing power. Our po ducts . they can see, our principal cities and mnes theycananhaveeen, ut I ...^-,~ rnntiv. .and our we'alth of agicultural land, ,s to them blank- While they ate in the colony, bu efforts shouldhe made to enable them 'D o nauratT resources, ou.nr 'gran, wool, :a?d ,wine .pr.6ducing "districts. I Let them see the secrinytat ists for our.borrowed money, so ihat-_wel wieh'ave- to. go again into- :the money S ,i-ar the -Commissioners whore I o amoingsdtir? t ill be abl ?to certify that' V oursecul~rit;if are unquestionable The benei6 that mst accruein by akiung our resources; as.w ely. nown hissible' will be felt byall , co i i .ntlY, the '.expentse. 05 LU. Coomnlssioners to t le country d .strics, shbould be borne by alls the b i'denl then would be-lighter ,.and-see no betier m'ethý d than forthl at'uShire Cucils irvite th eads of the a s Commiss o ?, n s to ir respec ive|Shires. Th ex te Lbe& avy, noth2 o the avitage ga e' ben ap ved 0en r?:*: "^^^^ i ^N ^ ENGLISH MATL.- -The R.M.SSReoseUa, with the:Eriglish .nmails, arrived: at Albany.Western Australia, on Tuesday, at 11:30 p ni . SHIRE MEETING.--The ordinary meet? ing of the?. councilI was to have beern held next Tuesdayr but on account of it being Cup day, several members of the council will -be absent. .The meeting has; thefrefor been ipostponed to the I6th prox., asnd the acceptance of ten ders- for advertised vworks has alsob been extended to that d;ate. RAILWAY. STATION.-We understand thiat the Minister of ai-ilways while in Xerang last week, fixed upon a portion of- the recreation reserve at the. eastern end of:Wellington street, as the site for the Keraing railway*stati; on. * Friou-MILL.-e We hear that the erec tiin of a flour mill will shortly he com-' ireiened ini Kerang. Mr G. H 'Hayes, of Bridgewater, is one,of the promoters:' .SitiE ELECTION::--The election to fill the extraordainary vacýancy 'in the~ shire council,wivs held on.Tuesday last, and resulted-in the:return of Mr J H. Kelly; the niumbers polled being-Kelly,- 3 tl Leitch, 244; Burns, 66 It will thus be seen that very little initerest was takeni inthe election, as out bof 1800 vote-s ini ilie ridingi only'a little 6over 6060 were recorded. "Mr Burns forfeits his deposit money, not having obtained a fifth.of tihe number of votes polled by thl suc cessful c.adidate. We have been unabl6 to ýsccrtaiii the votes recorded at eacl pinliiig' booth," and 'therefore'cannot pub lish them.-'i. . . Do:NTIox.--The secretary of the AM chanies' Institute ' begs i ackitowiedge with; thaks tho receipt of 20 volumes of books from- Mr I.- P. Cadden, and two volumes from AMr H: Alger, for the use of :he institute.' PERMAN:ES Ur SsVEY We understand that the sireyvors are on their way, and will shortly arrive in Keraug to com mence the permanent survey of a line.of railway. to this' district''ilithougha Which route is to- be surveyed ive caiiinot say. The Commissioner evideritly intends'to lose no tilie in the-matter. 1 Bu]0 ET.-' Mr Bery 'made I?I -finan cial astatelumit in. the -House 'orIluesday evening. His speech on the occasion will be fourid on our fourtlh'p.,ige DIlvLXE SEhuRic.-On .uniday last the usual 'moiithly service at the Roihann Catholic Church took'place .: Mass was celebrated ait nine and eleven o'clock, theufrmeir: by thfe Lord Bjishop of Bal larati (tlie light Ievi. Dr. O'Coniur) aud.the latter by the priest of the parish (the Rlev. Fitlier thigan), boti services being largely 'ittended d":he ?-Bislio also confened the s;acraieniltof confirma tion on na number of girls und boys, hbi before doing so.- deliveheid ari ddress. :impressiing on -the childrefi thief sile1in obligatihii they were about'to taike. 'I .said the.sacnaieiits' in themiselves could not accduiplish- anything, and would be ruseless "ulunle.s properly applied. The death of Christ had created a well of water, and they should make use of the .instruments-provided.-- .The child whenr lircught to tlhe church, after it received the sacraineant of baptism 'became ;an heir with.God i.ifthis wia not douie it could-not-be born agaiiLn. The Almighty had establi.hied baptism, and whe iap plied, :i, brought forth- the fruits of righteousness..: It. wias just the same with: regard to: those ,who wvere to be confirmed. Cobfirmatiso was to streingthen their faith, and thus .make them good soldiers of Jesus Chriit. The Holy:. Ghost- had " been * given -to strengthen them. There was only one faith, arid -mafty pretended that they. possessed it.. Our Lord and Saviour came to banish error, and to teach truth. He was the great teacher, and tirst de livered his doctrine to the apostles. This faitli wFas oe; Christ did "otit . stb lish two doctrines, 'or two foiudliations, or two- churches-but, only one, as"wv are told in- Scriiture, . One. Lord, one faith, ole baptism." The Holy Catho-. lic Church was the only true one, -and the only one that, vent back to the time of Christ.: Thhebeginning of the other churchlesicould be traced back a fewi entiiuries, and "werei generalljr founded p RalI-W u.IUoa . bee turneo ou utortne I[ o d at 114 and 'thf 9i"" ..ý----- ý. or L20.Mr Lang- mitteejand ehibitors. imates hacen r nt in, The, Age of Monday by sm -' no to the ialleged appj~erai Cathlic Churchf .. he . ii3i) -L. Iwa onfied t sacrment of conf.i uatt" I po ,si?.id by the REev Father Hogan, aLnd tl at t conlusion, addressed a.ftw words Y of -lvice to the children, urging . o st them? to attend faithfully' to all the Ipl sacramen - i con-tion with. the o cuc. The service concluded ,wih p the benediction-.. r.. m Oxcorc re 1\. tO?OSEoN'; j . -Our Durham Ox cor-i i respondent writes A sad acident o. a curred here ,oa Friday. lastMr, a :. Esler who -is awellkiiuown and hi ghly I, reseed. farmer wis thrown from his e Ibub"y, and the-rsult wis a broken legi a iDri Austin of Kerang,-iiu i iatteudalicel on-the?ti?for6tunate suffe.er. - ;', ..CP Da? . -Tuesday-I ext, the- 2ndc pro.rj has?bn fl fixed as ,the ld?y :on I s which the M"elbourne Cup will bh run: SaMl.iciOUs P.noseC?cTrow.- At the Yo dmy, the case tt- lintiff'sought to recover the sum of,. SS30 for mialicius-prosecution, 'P .o SI adisued Iof" t ewill be in the remem Sr ,,t witIth shedpatealing by ?I' I!voY, tl'he ese being dismissei , au-i, -,t i lethesalldetaning sheep, wrhich was also ismissed. Williamso then co meed an kpactdon" ? Ras,' " fm,,. liini.us prosecution. After hear isj the evidence, the jury found for the , . ,Ah e i aelit S?aintiff, damsgcos£10-. teweatherhas bee fine and pleasailt Sd al that can be desire by the farm 7."77777,ý7 77 REAPER AD BEIDER.- According to anuiouncemeunt, a public trial of one of Messrs A. (1 Corbett and-.Son's reapers and binders was held on the selectionof Mr G. Adams, juir., Pelican Lake, on Wednesday 'week 'last. It is ineedless to describe these machines' as they are 'tolerihly well-known now to most fLar nmers.- Although the trial was made uider itificulties, it can be: pronouinced a suacw.s:s Tlie m;chine? which' was a: new one, was sent..from. Melbourne.iin. boxses;-an id put together on the. grouud.j 'Before the' parts were all together, many, .were. present. to witness. the.triaL At the first start,' it was found a few; nuts - wanited- adjustinug'. After : abobit half an hour everything was'in order, and the work' done could .nbt fail to give satisfiction. Two men were' re quired; one to drive, the other to regu late the size of the sheaves. Left to' itself, a sheaf is'' delivered every: ten feet. traversed; y the machine,' but: in a light crop,- sheaves thus .formed! \vbuld be too small, hence the idvisa biilty of the second man. The delivery. of the bound sheaf is done6 with a jerk i with .over rip.e. corn, ;this ,wduld`.be a:i disadvantage, as "the grain would be shaken out. A farmer' who was present,: stated he procured' a similar machine; and last year he was able to cuit seven teen acres a dday. Those present ex pressed tlhemselves highly satisfied witli the trial... : ' ' ·. : REC1szvsn.-h- o 1. of the )1e/bour)ii "Exchtange 1' Uoo 'Circud?r, a publication which will no' doiubt be of interest to 'all dealors in'wool? It is published ?' LMr" H., Byroni Moore . We have "also recei;ed vols. 1 and 2. of the official 'catalogue of exhibitsi in connection with the MelbourneIiternatioial Exhibitiduo TheI' October lnumber "of the?Printer-'s Re~istcr is also to hand '.. : ' ACCIDENT.-Ou Monday last, ayoung man named Long; eldest :son of Mr Simneon uLonhg,' of acorii, had his left arm' broken near the wrist, while en gaged. scooping out eiarth in the drain whicli is being cut into Lake Elizabeth. He was it once brought to Ker ug, and on arrivail,: had his ,arm set, by Dr: Austin, ndder whose care the s";fferer is progressing favorably.' SHAY.--A number o.f crops in the dis 'trietr are bei?i?eut for hay, which hiar vest is iii full swing. . -Tae CtoPs.-Frotn Kr Krang to'Pyra aaid Hill, the crips are lokilng well iud give promise of a good yield, though uiiless. hot weatlher snoon set, ini. it will be some time before they. will be ready fir cutting..' . - " AuciolO ' Sal.ti -We direct attention to aiavertiseiieint in anothier columni' of: an':aiupoartaut sale to. take place o:n the 13th prox.,:of household furniture rind: effts,' e., the property of Mr. C-: M 'M?hon. Mr Tlos Morrow, of fIaglae `wood, is'the auctioneer.:. . .Hovru AND, .SoiiL.--Ini . another column, Mr Gird, of the Saaidhnrst' FIamily Hotel,: Bridgewatera nitifies thlat he Lasevery accoalunod'atin' for viuto;r, with free stabling add a liaddock:for "hor Pse -"s " • _ " . " - - : Several comiuuuie.tiiai are unIavid ablyheldo?'. i..e 