HAUNJED GRANGE Br.'B. A. C.', CHAPTER XIV. ( Continued .) ' Are you strong enough to. bear all this excitement?' ho asked, gently, ,as he caught Isabel's gjanoe. ' Would you prefer tho ceremony taking place elsewhere ?' 'No,' wag tha reply, as Bho laid her wasted hand in his; ' I have bo longed for this hour, only'— and she motioned to him to bend nearer, so that Violet might not catch tho whispered words — ' do not delav longer than ia aotuallv needful.' Eustace started as the real meaning of thoso few last words broke upon him;, he looked down on tho beautiful, wan face, that smiled bo peacefully in his, and a sorrowfal expression clouded the kind blue eyes. ' Is it indeed bo, Isabel ?' he said ; ' it will be a sad wedding for both Violet and I.' ' Do not let her know how close the hour is,' she murmured; ' and, Eustace, do not let the thought sadden your happiness; think only of me as at rest, with my dear ones, in my Saviour's loving arms.' A few moro moments, and tho solemn words had been pronounced that bound Eustace Willoughby and Violet Grey together while life should last, and, as the young officer drew his newly-made wifo towards him, ? it seemed as though life could offer him no more exquisite gift than tho knowledge that Violet was, in vory truth, hiB own. ? The soft light of the harvest-moon looked down that evening on a very different scene — on thaWof a quiet form, with closed eyes, and a smile of more than earthly beauty resting on tho pale face. Isabel St. John hod passedj,through the 'golden gates' into 'that, oity whose builder ana maker is God.' Eustace Willoughby carried his bride away from tho Grange dirootly the funeral had taken place. Ho had no wiBh.that the past ead scenes in hiB life should become tho „ Bubjoct of general conversation, and it had therefore been simply announced that some ' paperB had been found wbioh proved that Genoral Willoughby's son had been ohangod in hiB infanoy for that of his cousin, and that, consequently, tho real owner of tho Grange was the man ao long known as Captain Herbert St. John. The tidings, of, course, became a nino days' | wonder, but, as those most concerned in it had started on their wedding-tour before it becamo publicly known, they escaped the disagreeable notoriety whioh must otherwise have been their lot. Thoy remained abroad somo Bo'ven or eight months, rfiviftitinj? 'Ploronefi n,nd mm other of the beautifnl Italian cities, and making their way home in a pleasant, desultory fashion, stopping here and there as fancy diotated. They had arrived at the Grange the day previous to that on whioh our story opona,,. and it was with a feeling of unfeigned delight that Violet once moro found herself at homo. '1 Bupposo Mrs. Grey and the general will be here to-morrow, Violet,' her husband said, as he stood with her at one of the windows opening on to the broad terraoe whioh led down to the' flower I garden, now brilliant with bright-hued blossoms. j 'I think bo,' she answered, raising hor j head from its resting-place on his shoulder; ?' how pleasant it will be to meet them qgain, Herbert.' She had nova- become accustomed to his first name of Eustace, and Captain Willoughby himself/was glad, to drop it. The very sound; brought back recolleotionB never willinglj recalled, and whioh, for! ;i ?' ? ' ' ' V' ' '-V the time being, had power., eron to cast .'a shadow over, his present! happy' life! and lifo, with violet for _ hia own, . was brighter than he had pictured in his wildest dreams. Tho girl, whoao gentle voice and tender core had haunted him in his houTB of fevored delirium, proved as loving and true, ob puro and unselfish, as real a 'home-sunshine,' as any wife could bo ; and many a time, as Herbert Wil loughby's eyes rested on tho faoo ho lovod so woll, ho thought how truly Frank Annesloy had spoken : ' that ho would, in days to come, have reason to bless what thon seomed so bitter a trial.' 'Had poor Isabel nover givon mo up,' ho thought, 'wo might have married, and then, too , late, havo found out how utterly unsuited wo wero to ono another.' 'Do you remember, Violet,' he said, aftor a short pauso, ' what I told you of that extraordinary appearance of the monk ono night when I was in the library ?' Violet started. _ . 'You havo not seen it again, Herbert? Oh, I hope I shall never meet it!' She raised her sweet eyes beseechingly to hor husband's face. ' I am afraid 1 am very foolish, dear, but I do not feel very strong, and I think if I saw it tho fright would half kill me.' Herbert Willoughby drew her closer to him. ' Do you think 1 would have brought you hero, my darling, had I believed thore was any danger of your running suoh a risk, Violet?' ho added, bending down and kissing her tenderly. ' Do you not yet know how very dear you aro to me ?' The .girl glanced at him, the , colour deepening, as she did so, in her hitherto pale face. ' I might have trusted to your love, dear,' she said, simply, as sho rested her head again on his shoulder. Only a fow words, but Herbert Willoughby needed no moro to assure him of. his wife's belief in his affection.. 'Will you come with mo down, to tho cloisters?' he asked, as he. passed his hand lovingly over the golden hair, that shone and glittered in tho rays of the sotting Bun. ' Cuthbert tells me that Wilson has something tb say whioh may help to clear up the mystery of the monk'B visits. You know the old Boldier always declared the whole thing a triok.' They found poor Isabel's favourite brother, now Major Vernon, standing near the entrance to the cloisters, talking with Wilson. Tho latter saluted his master as Violet and he joined them. ' I was telling the major, sir, that I thought, now Mrs. Willoughby and you had returned to settle at the Grange, it were better if I told something which has been weighing rather heavily the laBt few months upon my mind. I thought I was acting for the best, and I think so now — and, for tho matter of that, I believe : the major agrees with me.' The soldier glanced, as he spoke, at Cuthbert, who nodded assent, an amused expression on his handsome face as he noticed Captain Willoughby's rather puzzled look at the soldier's apparently I unconnected speech. ' What ia it, WilBon ?' his mafeter in quired. ' I understood, from Major Ver non that you had gained some clue as to those extraordinary visits of the monk ?' ' Certainly, captain,' was the reply j ' and that , is whv I took the liberty of asking you to walk down. here. Did.it never strike you it.might have been all a trick t' 'You asked me that long ago, Wilson,' theanswerwas somewhat impatiently given. ' I cannot keep Mrs. Willoughby standing here if you have nothing more important to say.' ' I beg your pardon, sir, the soldier answered, a strange hesitation perceptible in his usual frank manner ; ' the fact is, I want to toll the whole truth, and yet I do not know how to begin my story.' ' 'If you can in [any way clear up the myBtery, Wilson, |I shall be truly glad, for, though I am no believer in supernatural appearances, I own I am at a loss to account for that figure, or how it came and went in the way it usually did.' Wilson's hesitation Beemed, strangely enough, to increase bb his master spoke, and his weather-beaten faoe wore bo downcast and unoomlortable on expression as he glanoed, first at Captain Willoughby and then at Cuthbert, as if entreating some help from the latter, that Major Vernon, losing tho gravity he had up to this timo main tained with Bome difiionlty, broke into a fit of laughter as ho said : ' You make a splendid aotor, Wilson, bnt you tell a story infamously.' 'An aotor 1' Herbert Willoughby ex olaimed, a sudden light breaking in upon his xaiad sb to who tho - monk had ' been. ' Wilson, it is not poBBible ?' ' Yob, sir,' the soldier answered, bis old, frank manner returning now tho first diffi culty of telling his Btory was over. ' I aotod tho part of Bahdolph do Clairvaulx.' He paused, for his master'B laoe wore an ex pression the man had never before Been on it— snoh a stern, indignant 'Jook, that it Burprised Mojor Vernon, and made Wilson hang down his head with a feeling of bitter shamo. ' Wilson,' Captain Willoughby at last said — and in the silent evening air the words fell- with a startling clearness on the ears of the attentive listeners — 'had anyone but yourself told me what you have just owned, I would not havo credited the tale. I thought you honourable and upright, loving my father and all of his race as well as you loved yourself. I trusted and con fided in you, not as, a eervant, but as the man who had twice saved my father's life and whom I believed to be aB true as steel. I find the very ? opposite to be the . truth. For months , past you have noted the part of . a dishonourable, unscrupulous coward, playing upon tho superstitious fears of one who, though your suspicions of him have, unfortunately, proved oorreot, should yet, from his ill-health, have been safe from your cruel' revenge. I have no wish to hear how you managed your unmanly masquerado ; the fact of your having acted suoh -a cart iB amply sufficient.' He turned iBignantly away aB he finished I speaking.'' 'Come, Violet,' ho added; ' you must be tired, I fear, standing here so long a time.' But tor once the girt did not seem to : hoar the voice Bhe loved bo well ; she was looking at Wilson, her blue eyeB dimmed with teara, and her colour coming and , going, whilst her littlo hands involuntarily clasped her husband's arm: more closely, aB if to detain him. ' Come, dear,' Herbert said; 'the dew is beginning to fall heavily,' and, as he spoke, he began to move 'onwards. The aotion seemed to ' arouse Violet, and she drew, hor hand from its resting- place, and laid it on that of Captain Willoughby. . j 'Do not be unjust to poor Wilson, Herbert,' she whispered. 'If he aotod unwisely, it was from love to you. Think of all you have gained, dear, by .his devo tion. Speak again to him,' ehe urged, raising her sweet face beBeechingly to his; ' your reproof has hurt him so deeply. I Oh 1 Herbert, go and tell him that,- however unwiBe hiB aot may have been, yori know it was done beoause of the love he has always; had, for you. and yours, and that jroui thank him heartily for it. Do go,, dear husband,' ahe eaid, so wistfully; that' ? Captain- Willoughby, who was already repenting of having spoken bo harehly to one whose' only fault had been mistaken zeal in his master's behalf, yielded to her entreaties, and turned back to where tho soldier still stood, a surprised, pained look on hiB faoo, and a feeling of something : very like indignation filling bis heart at what hod he considered so undeserved a rebuke. Herbert 'Willoughby was one of those men who know- how to offer an apology. Ho went up with an outstretched hand and the winning smile, that had ever gainedhim - friends, playing on his lips: ?' Wilson/'; ho said, taking the soldier's toil-worn hand in his, 'I spoke hastily ,and inconsider ately juBtnow, and I hope you will both , forgive and forget it.. In the first surprise; of hearing your avowal, I confess I was greatly pained, and spoke words which,: doubtless, appeared harsh and unkind, but - the remembrance of my poor cousin, and the Btrange fear ho entertained of the supposed monk, rose vividly before me, -, ** and, in my pity for his sufferings, I forgot ?the love and devotion whioh had induced you tb play s uch a part. Believe me,: Wilson,' be continued, and the soldier's face brightened into its usual frank, cheer ful expression as the pleasant words ,£fi ^ the well-loved voice fell upon hiB ear; 'I shall never forget the kindly deed you have done me. Had it not been for your , patient endeavours, your loving watchful-^ ness over my interests, X might still have been known as Herbert St. John — might still have been unaware that I was the son of one whom to know was indeed to love, and whom it is my joy to remember I may call my father. Do not thank me, Wilson/' he ^concluded, smiling, as the soldier ende-ivcured, , in rather' broken words, to, reply ; **if ^ny tUauks.are due, givo ihsuito Mrs'. Willoughby, who showed me how unjust I had been to, you.' Wilson turned to Violet, but Bomfvthin g seemed to- prevent , biin speaking, and/his eyeB were dim with a moisture very, strange, to, them.. He .looked into thi girl's face,, now bright .with pleasure at her husband's frank, apology. ;to his old servant. 'God blesB you and the captain,. Mrs. Willoughby,'' he said, in rather a husky voice; 'I ? shall never forget what you, have done for me.' He was turning avay, as .lf to returii to. the Grange, when Major Vornon, who, had at; first kept silence from a feeling of indigna tion at what he considered Wilson's un merited reproof, stopped him. 'You* must., tell, first of »U, ho* you m-.naged to elude, the search made for the a-onk, Wilson,' he said, kindly; 'and also let Captain Will-, oaghby know what your reasons were ; for. attempting such a disguise.' The soldier glanoed in an uncertain : manner at his maBter ; Herbert understood' the hesitation. ' ' Will you tell no, Wilson ? We ohall all like to hear it, and know how you escaped ub every time; it wili relieve Mrs. Willoughby's mind, I am sure, to have it plainly shown that tho Grange is not. haunted, will it not, Violet?' ha added, laughingly, as_ he turned back to where 'she was still standing. T Tho girl's face flushed; ' I know I Bra very foolish,' she said, looking up at Cuth bert who was now beside her ; 'but I ant .vety glad to learn that there ia no truth in' those reports ol tbo monk'e apparition visit-, ing the Grange and ololatere. I should always have been in dread of mooting- it. You must think me very silly, Major Vernon ; but the way it appeared, and disappeared Beamed so extraordinary.' „ . ' ' I do not in the least wonder at your feeling uncomfortable about living hero with suoh a mystery hanging over the place, Mrs. Willoughby ; more than that, I confess I was never, so at a ' loss to account lor any thing as for the figure poor Isabel and I saw here one night ; and,' he continued, laying his hand upon' Herbert's shoulder, and breaking into a laugh, in whioh the other joined, 'if your husband .would speak, tho troth, I suspeot ho oould tell you tho same thing.' ' 'I am not going to own to any suoh weakness,' Captain Willoughby said, when the general laugh had subsided ; 'fancy, in this nineteenth century, conf easing belief in a ghost 1 Now, Wilson,' he added, ' let ub hear your story from beginning to end.' ' The first thing that made mo think of personating the monk, sir, happened one evening soon alter Mr. Eustace's engoge ment. I ought to say Mr. St. John, .but somehow the old namo cornea^ easier, if y9U will exouso it, captain ?' He naused, looking at Herbert. 'Certainly, Wilson,' was the reply; « ',I daresay it is more natural to you.' ' ' It was the evening when the engager . ment had.hoen announced at the Grange,' the eoldier went oh. ' OE course, the news had occasioned a great deal of conversation amongst ub servants ; Symonds, as did many of, us, took it very muoh to heart; indeed, the old man declared it was enough to causo the monk to pay the Grange a visit. I had never paid much attention to the legend, knowing that, of course, there could be no truth in it, and I made some jesting reply to his . remark. To my surprise, I found Symonds a firm believer in it. A few more words were said about it, and the subject dropped, as just then|' the library-bell irang for me. Mr. Alwyn, the solicitor, who had been all day at the Grange, was preparing to leave as X ' entered. ' ''Order the carriage at once, Wilson,' my master Baid; *Mr. Alwyn wishes to catch the up- train, and I fear there is scarcely .time to do so.' , ' . 'I knew Mr. Eustace was to dine that day at -the hall, bo, after seeing the carriage start, I returned to the library to learn what orders he had for me. He was sitting at the table reading a letter, and beBide him that foreign envelope so seldom out o£ my thoughts. I suppose he was so absorbed in its contents that he never heard my knock, for when I entered, he started up, his face deadly pale, and hastily pushed both letter and onvelope j into a deBk whioh lay before him. He i spoke very angrily to me about entering so - .abruptly, and, even when I told him I .had 1 knocked. Beemed half-inolined to disbelieve tne. :j ' 1 1 dine at tho hall,' he said, when I j had finished speaking. ' Have the carriage at the. door- by seven; I am going out in the grounds for a short time to relieve my ; head.' » (To be concluded in our next.) j \-- - ?--- — 1 ? ? ? 1 XdUtp to be Short.— Long visits, long ' . \ etoriesi long exhortatioDB, long prayers, and long editorial!!; seldom profit thoso who have to .do with them. Life1 ia short ; time is short ; moments are preoious. Learn to oohdenBe, to ' abridge, and intensify. We oan enduro many an aohe and ill if it is soon over, while even pleasures grow insipid and pain intolerable, if. protraoted beyond the limit ol reaBon' and oonvenienoe. Learn to . ] bef short. Lop off branches; atlok to the I main' laot in your' oaae. II you pray, aak lor I what you desire, and. Btop. If you apeak, tell I your message, andr hold your peaoe. Con- 1 'dense two worda Into one, and three int I 