NEWS OF THE DAY' A LATE EDITION of The Herald will ba published this evening, and will contain the results of to-day's racing, a detailed report of t!-o cricket match, and any other news to hand. Tho ; third day's racing of the V. It, C, Autumn Meeting was held to-day on tho Flemington course. Tho weather, which in tho early morniDg showed eigne of turning out wet, proved to be' fine as soon as tha sun came out, and the rain that fell but served to lay the dust, The programme set out was of a most excellent description, tho horses entered for the various events heiug all well-known ani mals, whoso careers have been before the public for sorao time past, and created considerable intereot, the rac6courae being the principal point of attraction for pleasure-seekers during tho afternoon. The manager of the Central Electria Tele graph has kindly forwarded us the fallowing telegram received to-day from the manager of tho telegraph station at Flinders : — "Sohooner Charlotte hound for Griffiths Point sprung a leak at seven o'clock last night and went down 5 milesN.W. of Cape Schanek. All hands saved, landed here at 1 a.m. in small boats," Should the weather prove fine to-morrow there is an opportunity, seldom offered, of visiting two men-of-war in the Bay. The Emerald and Wolverene are both anchored near the Sandridge railway pier. At the Williamatown piers several well kuown clippers are alongside taking in loading for England. At the Sandridge piers there is alBO a number of vessels, the last addition being the barque True Briton, which arrived last night. Probably tho ship Macduff will reach the Bay some time to-day and anchor, Three till pilferers, boys, between the ages of 11 and ID, two named Davis, and another, Memniss, wore arrested yesterday afternoon at Willioinstown. They were caught in the act of plundering a till from a greengrocer residing in the maiu street. Upon being asked their address and occupation, they stated that they came from Hotham, wore travelling and looking after business. At the local court this morning thoy were charged and remanded, as a quantity of articles found in their posses sion had not yet been identified. The agitation for police magistrates for the suburbs seems to have rather nettled some of our honorary justices, who no doubt consider that such appointments would he a slight upon them, This morning, in the Emerald Hill Court, Mr Foote, J.P., so far allowed this feeling to overcome him as to make from the bench >' a remark that was, to say the least of it, very undignified. It appears that a short time back Mr Daly, the solicitor, who_ in a councillor of the borough, oarriod a motion, affirming the necessity for a polico magistrate for the district, and the late Minister of Justice was communicated with, A verdict was given in conrt against a person for wham Mr Daly appeared thie morning, and that gentleman was proceeding to make some explanation to tho bench when he was stopped by Mr Foote, who said, alond, " Oh ! the decision does not miit tho man who wants a police mogistrate." Four or five times afterwards allusions wore made to a police magistrate by Mr Foote, and Mr Daly at Inst became somewhat annoyed, and remonstrated with him, saying that in tabling tbo motion he had carried he merely acted in accordance with tho wishes of a large number of the ratepayers, whom ns a councillor it was his duty to serve, and not from any disrespect to the gentlemen who were in the habit of sitting on the bench. Mr Footo replied that as often as ho chose he would refer to a police magis trate without consulting Mr Daly, and the matter dropped. The preparations for the opening of the grand organ at St Patrick's Cathedral on Sun day, ldthMarch, are now completed, and the musioal portion of the service on the occasion will be of a high otder of merit, Mozut'a Twelfth Mass will be rendered. The principal vocalists arc igaora Ligkj jyi" Qatttr, Mc Staker, and Mr Moroney. Mr David Lse is the organist, and Herr Sleds con ductor. The choir will be a thoroughly efficient one, and will ba supplemented by an orchestra of forty. It is said that "the acoustio properties of this grand cathedral are so excellent that all lovers of sacrod music will have an opportunity, for the first time in tho southern hemisphere, of hearing it as it al ways ought to be rendered. To thoae who have visited the majestic cathedrals of tho Conti nent of Europe, it will recall to their memo ries tha grandeur with whieh suoh musio is rendered there." Not tho least imposing portion of the ceremony will be the aermon by the Most Rov Dr. Crane, O.S.A,, the elo quent Bishop of Sandhurst. Master William Garlaud, a youngster licensed out from one of the orphanages to Thompson's Terminus Hotel, took up a dinner knife to a "young Indy. connected with the establishment yesberdry, and stabbed her in the arm, This was in a fit of passion, through being rebukod for laziness in the kitchen, and paying more attention to food than work. Toe stab was not very much, but might have boon. The City Bench this morning remanded him to Wednesday. The y oungconviot Williamson, under sentence for a robbery of drapery from Echuca, was charged in the City Court to-day with robbing Wouvcr and Craig of gloves, &c.;, which he. offered for sale in P.ahran, at a draper's. The worth of tho property is about L12. Williamson was first prosecuted for smuggling these goods, but ifc was found he had stolen them, He pleaded that hia salary, LI 15a a week, bud nut. boon cm'.ugh for him to'kocp up thB requisite f-shionable appearance on. Tha bench gave him four mon ;hs' jmprisonmenfc extra to four months he is eervhig, A young memoer ot tho larrikin class, named Michael Shiela, aged 17 yearn, wa3 broil), ht before the Richmond Bench this morning, churgsd with being drunk in charge of a horse and cart, and also with unlawfully assaulting W. B. Bruadrick. Tno defendant otopped in the street, aud asked the prosecu tor for some directions about the place, and Mr Brandriclr said he did not know, and told the prisoner to inquire about the road, when tho lattor etruok him a vioUnt blow. A gentleman, named Mr Webster, who was passing by, interfered, and the prisoner then struck him an the head with n whip. The bench, after hearing the case, said they were going to m iko an example of the. prisoner, and on the first ohargo fined him 10', or forty-eight hours, and for the assault L5, or one month in gaol. As Mr Webster did not iippeor this morning, the prisoner was not prosecuted en the charge of assaulting that gentleman. A great deal of time is often taken up in the various police courts hearing cases nrisiDg out of neighbois' quarrels, and it frequently hap pens that the e vide :co is of such a conflicting nature that the magistrates are compelled — much against their will — to dismiss them. There were two such cases heard in the Emerald Hill Court to-day, in which a woman named Susan Roberta proceeded against a Mary Murpby for assault; and a cross- summons had beon taken out by Murphy. The ovidtneo showed that hoth parties were equally in fault, and the bench, with the object of preventing such occurrences, fined the defendant in each case 20s, with 20s costs, much to the evident surprise of both persons. Such decisions should have the effect of preventing to a great extont the time of the court being taken up with such matters, and it is to be hoped thnt, wboro practicable, other justices will follow tbo example shown. Yesterday afternoon (soye the Bcndigo /n- dependent) a Bmall boy of eight summers sat on tho Reserve fence,opposito the Shamrock Hotel studying the natural history of a big emu enclosed in a small, pen alongside the Easter Fair Office. Lost in contemplation, and his anxious ornithological reveries, ho unfor tunately fell into the pen, and at once lay proue on tho'ground, with tho emu picking at him with tho epoed of on electric pen. Seme cab- men,hearing the boy's cries, eoon got him on the safe side of the fence, little the worse for his adventure. The JVilliamstoicn Advertiser loyai— Elections aboun#_-with amusing incidents and "sells," and nrf6g the former one occurred in Foot- scray fjfP "-turday last, 'in which a hook-nosed son of H8oi%jured prominent ly. Like many others' J" 'he , lcw ando der'l party, "QIa Olo." what a votelu fij"--j-«H;« parlv r, -> J (hash the L,ontdi " had to be di?tea to Lrajybiuoj, uim purpose, Mr Furves's avaiitlfo oupply of conveyances befog ex- haustep, an ex-mayor, who prides himself on hia snjartness, hustled Moses into a vehicle belonging to tho opposito party, and de spatched him in hot hosto, as the time wsb short. The driver, who happened to bs a Welshman, hurried away, but the fotos were against him. Having imbibed too freely, he bow two roads, ond, true to the influence, took ho wrong way. After d'iving some dis tance, a holt was made to tike tne bearings, ,-nd passenger and driver wore equolly "at sea. "Horry up," exclaimed ho woose forbears bad wandered in the desert for forty .years, ' it ish late." "Who you— going to— woto ? " hiccoughed Taffy. " Vhote Purvish, you fool," replied the Jew. " Porvisli ! " cried the other staggered, " then out you ghoes you tam rok " ; and he bundled the bewildered Israelite into the mud and rain in the middle of tho plains and de parted, leaving his faro to find his way, without pillar of firo or smoke, to the last refuge of free-trade-CMi-dummy. mongers. The wattle that were sown along the rail, way near Lara are flourishing luxuriantly (writes the Gcelong Advertiser.) The hardihood of the plants has beon the subject of general comment, for, during tho .severe drought, they etill kept their healthy oolor. Since the rain the growth of the young trees is amazing, tho change being almost visible daily, Ic consequence of tho acceptance of tha office of Minister of Lands by Mr J. G. Duffy ill the, now Administration which has bean formed under the Premiership of Mr Service, a new election for tho county of Dalhousio becomes necessary (writes the Kgnelon Guar. dian). Having so recently come from them, and having beon re-elected on the same prin ciples represented in the new Cabinet, a gene rous Opposition would have allowed Ministers to he re-elected by their constituents withont unnecessary interference or delay. Such, how ever, is not to be tho conduct of tho beaten Berry faction. We learn that the Trentham Reform and Protection .League, at 0 meeting on Thursday evening, rojolved upon an endeavor to induce Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to contest Dalhousio with Mr Duffy. We shall not soy anything to dissuade Sir Bryan from pursuing this course, if ho is so inclined, because ho might set down our advise as dictated by an interest in Beeing Mr Daffy re- elected, hut if Sir Bryau ond the Reform League are really desirous of knowing in what estimation Berryiem is hold in the County of Dalhousio they will miss a good opportunity for acquiring the information if Sir Bryan is not brought forward, We be lieve the electors would give them an une quivocal- and sufficient answer at the ballot box. Yesterday (says the Bcndigo Advertiser) the Btartling news was whispered around that a real live ghost had been visiting a lonely bush track in the vicinity of Spring Gully for some time past. This nooturnal visitor has, it in said, mado itself visible to soma super stitious woodcarters, who, on seeing tho " ap pearance " beat aB hasty a retreat as passible. The fearful apparition ie variously described, and Borne of the descriptions are so very_ minute as to lead to the justifiable suspicion that the spectators have conjured np fanciful platnrea from their imagina tion. Whatever has given rise to the believed existence of the ghostly visitation has not been yet ascertained, but amongst a number of per sons whoso Ibusiness carries them backwards and forwards past the spot, a wholesome dread of " the thing" is said to exist, and come will only venture along that road at night when accompanied by others. Tho gboBtly visitant has nut explained the exact object of hie mission, but no doubt such would be ascer tained if a few of the scared ones had only the moral courage to more closely interview it. If they were to do so, they would, no doubt, discover that the cause of all their fears was something very harmless indeed. Speaking of Mr Onsey's dofeat the Eagle hewh Leader says Mundarang, we regret to say, has taught too severe a lesson to one whom tho electors have hitherto placed in the premier position on the poll. There can bo no doubt that the defeat sustained by the hon, J. J. Casey ie attributable tb Mr <T, J, Casey and no other person or power, Having held the constituency within bis grasp for bo long a period, it was his conviction that tho tenacity of grip could not bo affected, and Belt- consciousness of power has led him into a course of action which has now re sulted so disastrously to tho cause. We know of scores of the electors (and we hero speak advisedly) who, having no wish at heart to throw Mr OsBey out as a representative, and believing that without theit votes hq would At Iquet bq tetutaqd, put the pencil through his name on the ballot paper on Saturday last. That these self same voters now regret tho aation avails the defeated candidate nothing. Iu thoir en deavors, as tiiey say, to teaoh Mr Casey a lesson, they havo given over one of tho ooata too professed Borryite — amah whoistotolly unknown, save as being 'the recipient of a Berry job, a man wheso little notoriety is not circumscribed by the purest of circum stances. A writer in tho IforshairftVimes calculates that there will be sufficient whoat fur expert to load 210 ehips of 1000 tons each. Tho Bcndigo Advertiser says : — A gentleman of this city having occsaion to write to a firm in. Sydney whose name or style ho had for gotten, forwarded ilia letter under covor to the Postmaster -General of New South Wales, requesting him to oauso it to he properly ad dressed and delivered to the firm which was indicated. Not only -was the letter promptly and properly addressed and forwarded to its intended destination, . but tho sender was courteously iuformed.hy letter of such delivery. Such official courtesy and acaommodatioD, we think, without intending dispsragomont to our local officials, should, with tno appreciation by the public of such pleasant notions, go far pour eucouregcr te3 aulres literally. A goods train, says the Ballaral Star, ran through a gate at one of tho crossings on the Gtflong side of tho Moorabool station on Thursday, and smashed it to atoms. The Tylden returns of the late Dalhousie flection had a narrow escape from destruction, writes the Kynelon, Guardian. The constable in whoso charge they wore wa3 so overcome with the exoiting events of tha day that ha was found on Saturday evening lying on tho side of the road about four miles from Kyneton. -with his horse standing over him, hie hat off, and his papers all scattered about. Some good Sjinaritans happened to ' be riding by. and seeing the unfortunate man's condition, raised him on to his horse, ' picked up his papers, and escorted him to within a mile of Kyneton. Oa arrival at the Kyneton polico station, the condition of the constable was such ns caused ths sergeant in charge to prefer an accusation of drunkenuess against him. An examination into the oir- 'cuuistanccs took place in Melbourne on Wed nesday last, before the superintendent of the district, with what result wo have not ascer tained. II.M.S. Pinafore continues to draw largo houses at the Theatre R lyal. Tho performauca has so wonderfully improved that the audiences can be fully accounted for. Mr Ricoarrli's conception of Sir Joseph Porter is unanimously applauded. The strainodly pompous First Lord who pursues his even course, possessed of a cer tain amount of taleut, hut so absorbed in self- contemplation that he cannon see where ho renders himself sublimely ridiculous, is pre sented with such obviouB truth that it is evident Mr Riccardi, apart from his fine vuico and musical talent, is possessed of true- dramatic power. Among the minor characters Miss Foley has become a great favorite. At the Opera House tho Loedon Comedy Company are playing as a farewell the piece with which they commenced. M. S irdou'a brilliant, yet intcrestiog, comedy Friends, could scarcely bo in better hands. Ciever actress as she is, Mies Stammers has hardly appeared la a character wberoiu the performer has more accurately oonceivcd pr more perfectly carried out the aim of tho author; and, ably assisted by Mr Shepherd, the little interlude in which they play their parts ia a most artistic perfor mance. Mr Walter Reynolds's benefit last night was a very succssstul one. Mr Reynolds has devoted his best exertions and u'.m >st anergics to the popularisation of good drama, and his efforts fully deserve tho recognition accorded to hira last evening. To-night a version of Oliver Twist is announce i with Mr D'Orsay Ogden as Fagin, and Mhs Beatrice as Nauay Sykoe. In this character Mr OJgen hud already scored a success, and report Gays that the Nancy Sykos of Miss Beatrice is a per formance that will reflect very great credit on this undoubtedly gifted lady. ;Mr Cbiariui's tent will doubtless be crowded to the uttermost this evening. This is the last performance, and the crowded houses that have greeted the porformere ouch night amply testified to thoir merit. Toe departure of the circus will be universally regretted, and it is to bi : hoped that an old favorite like Mr Ghiar ji_will not leava Victoria without pay. a J r'-'t to the metropolis, St. aeorgo s Hau «i„g. „phuo., lu-niga» Sha -Ti vquile Troubadours, who appsar uuder thoau Jpicss of that well-known entrepreneur, Mr B lyloss. The pieces anriauncsd for to night ire Conrad and Lizetle and Patchwork. The cbver little people havo already success fully produced those ploeos in this city, and since then havo greotly'improvod by practice and travel. The boys and girls comprise some of peculiar talent, and their performance, apart from the juvenility of tha actors, in one of great merit, and will doubtless command a arge share of public patronage. Tho city organist will play the foil-wing elections this evening at 8 o'clock, namdy Overture, Fra Diavolo, AubBr; valses, Brka ties Nuits, Lamotho ; national selection, lliminis- cences of Ireland, arranged by David Lee ; march, Militarie, Clark ; oratorio selection, Israel in Egypt, Handel, viz., a., air, Tnou Sholt bring them In ; b.. chorue, The Horse and his Rider; finale, National Anthem. 