EASTER MONDAY. early in the mondng <* evident desire to make the most of ft *» «uHl» tend and««s in thdMioI&iy;'Sa^ of thewoods; while e cool about half-an-hour behind time. o^-S .v,^0 freight mngnt ot of passengers; but ailh^fh although someT?® ^ T " " 8 jneuencs wasagain experiencd. as usni hdw" - toes, owing to the absence of carria(teBa.Ttu™ d ? etitution of cattle trucks, the raSmv^m'w 0 ™ ml >- Westen, Station were u couK SftSLf possible under the circumstances. w« 5 Qg M 10 state that no accident, so far as we are to mu the general enjoyment. THB T.AKB AOT Gabcexs and ft may be said that nearly every^™ of shaded a family or. ft iesdly circle. JD^ the ^f 1 ® soon, however, the general rush set iafuia fc street at Ones presented two procession's c f ^ one line with passengers, and the others r.t^c ••empties" It is compn^d that durC^ must have been felly 10,000 P^onT^ito^^ the gardens and adjoining pounds selves In sports of one kind and another atiT steamers were taxed to their utmost in 'eoizj™ passengers from the esplanade to the back; while the sailing* boats were noS^f f 04 mated Bpeclacle, with the steamers puffine to anflS" and the scores of sailing androwig and re-crossing over the water, wlrfle WbS?! song was beard on evay side. We dHnothatt di single accident to mar the pleasure of the day Thb Epoets at the Easterk Ovai In aid of the BUIarat JCast Puclic Ltbrarv vm ff^s^srssraE£3 dos, to wMcih Jh9 members of the Hebrew C Fire Bripuiejwere most amFjilcuous. Tha ^jj r- - — p ony Bace, and altw the ooune was rather too narrow tor blv hntaHiu! riders, all west f moothly tin til the ficat heiLSr^ one'of the boj-jookoys was thrown, and Z m S only slightly hurt, as he declined X (hat o?uld be offered Unifa T& " S 6 Besides the volunteer brass band, the Huntfnm Btreet State School band was present on the noml and enlivened , the prooeedingd with selections „f murio during tee afternoon. Amongst the more aZ minent gentlemen present who did good work in ST rying out the programme eo snccassfully vere thJ mayor of Ballarat list. Messrs Fergusti, Pmh„ Josephs. T*kwland,:M«aioy, W. Bobertsou; with S Boff aa general manager, and assisted bv U. Fitiheriert and Mr fastwood, ths secn>tu£f Mr Bwitte bad tftarge of the balloon aeoenta The results of the noes were as follows: —PonyBu. for untrained ponies under IS hands (Mr Jolm Fa' gnson, judge; Mr T. GrevOIe, starter)—First l»«t_ M'Phait's pony Browney took the lead, and, aflera severe bnt decidedly unnecessary application of th« K % Pony was iwcJ but had it been ridden In * better manner, it wodd have been, so doubt, an • exceedingly dose afiiir I. the second heat, Cadden's black pony went off rttha good start, and, althoogu hardpressed by Mr Hawtina 1 pony, won. ToongOaddes.on the winner, rode Tbe third event ended ie a tie, which was uldmatdr pulled off by M'PhaU'n Browney. There were rem entries altogether—Hawkins 2, Shrimptan 1, M'Phin L Cadden 1, Fisher 1. and Mnggridge L First nri^ M'Fhail; second, Cadden; third, Hawkins; f£uth! Fisher. The next most amusing display ma £ balloon ascents, conducted by Mr Boff and nnmergsi assistants. Tbe first ascent was an elephant attaoW to a balloon, but by some aocldent the whole affair caught flre, and the last sees of it was a portion oi its proboscis in .the bands of a small boy. A white elephant was then set loose, and after rolling comically along the ground was pulled hack with a lins. A pig then ascended into the air, and travelled off In the direction of tbe railway embankment, but a shower of hats from the juveniles soon brought It down, asd they tended it. like yoong wolves. A harlequin followed tbs aerial flight cf its companions but ose of the onlookers, in attempting to give it a rise, pierced ft with his umbrella, and it atones collapsed. Other balloons, on a larger soale, followed, and although not bo dangerous as the voyajes In ths air as described by Professor Pepper, proved a somes of great amusement to the assembled crowd. The " Tug of War" was a plucky straggle, six a-tids, Wilson captaining the winning side, Leonard the defeated one. Adams, the contortionist, gave aepedmes of Us extraordinary flsxibility of limb, and, vith a glass of wine on his forehead, and a nnmber of hoops, want through a series of feats that elicited rounds of applause from the onlookers. There were some miner events—a bicycle raoe, for which there were three starters, and resulted in Weildon pulling off the first, and Thompson and Goddard tbe second and third prizes. The juvenile fire brigade, eighteen strong, having tossed for sides, went through the reel practice exceedingly well. The State echooi race had seven entries, W. Mercer Winning, The one w«lHng match was won by Stevenson first, Shaw Eecind, Leonard won the wheelbarrow race, with Smith a good second. The Girls' Walking Match was carried off by Boe6 Blarney," Haggle Oabey second. D. Bowlands was first for the Miners' Bace, Smith second, Johnston third. A Ghost Bace and some minor events servefT to make up an excellent day's sport. The receipts at th< gates and entrance mosey amounted altogether to abont £90. Ths CorcEBT at the Alf&ed; Haii, In tbe evening, was fairly attended, and the iolloirtiig programme was disposed of, all the vocalists recamcg well-merited -applause:—Overture, band; "Ths wreath," Misses Woodlands, Betchford, and Hr Byere; " In" hippy moments,'' Mr Cherry; "Olimh op," Mr Swift; "Come back to Crin," Uiss Woodlands; '•Iiarboard watch," Messrs Slack and Byers; " Let me like a soldier fall," Mr Wells; "We mean to keep oor empire in the East," band; " Thus goes the world aronnd," MrUyera; " The watercress girl," Kr Swift; ** When nig-htdeclines," Aiieses Woodlandsand Betchford; " I eeek for thee is every flower," Mr Slack; "The wishing cap," Miss Wightwick; "Bologna eausaga boy.:.' Mr Swift; "O, rhisper what thou feelest," Mr Wells; " The old sexton," Hr Bvers; "Then you'll remember me," Mr .Black; " Bocked Is the cradle of the deep," Mr E. Ohsny. The evening's entertainment concluded with a bill, and dancing was kept until nearly twelve o'clock. GAHDmr Pakty at Bishopsc jest. A garden party was held yesterday as Bishopsconrt i—Dr Thornton's palsoe at Wendouree—to assist in defraying the expenses remaining on the building. It -was originally bought by the church committee appointed—Messrs CaseUI, 1. Orr, Garbutt, Webb and Gibson—at a cost of £5000. Of that amount £3000 has bees collected asd paid off, the balatce having been borrowed on extended terms. The aboTS mnvemisnt,"' as we have stated, was initiated by ths committee for the panose of assisting to liquidate ths balance. The principal feature In the garden party was a ealo of gLfts, managed by ladies from different Anglican churches, assisted in various -nays by members of several other denomin*t t "Tm Tbe gifts, all of which were pre- sented, were tastefclly arranged Is stalls In a mirqnse cn the laws, at 3 is it there were also a refreshment stall and a Sower stall, all of them neatly decorated with fljwere and evergreens. The ladies in charge of the marquee displayed excellent taste In their arrangements, wbtch were perfect. The refreshmsnt stall was presided over by Mrs Gibson and lbs -Thompson, assisted by UiEB Crabbe and Hiss Serjeant. The tables bore a. tempting amy of doliaacles, of which Mrs Gibson provided largely. Mr F. Smith contributing a large c-.ke. The flower .stall, which was. laid out very tastefally, was la charge jof Misses Gibson. Miss Carter, and Hiss Begte Messrs G. Smith, Lang, and Herbert nude liberal - donations of pot plante and flowers to this, department. The other stalls were Inded Willi handsome isrtioles of every description, nuful and ornamental; and altogether presented a very elegant appearanca. The lam«» under whose cars this department was were:—SB Orr, Miss Ficiayacn, Miss Mercer, Miss Mann, Mrs Bone, Mrs Warieil, Misses Bagge, Mrs Towl Miss Endahl, Miss Gaunt, Mies Buchanan, Miss Ochiltree, Miss Moray, and Mies Mitchell A commencement was -made at two o'ekwk, and everything went on v«7 tswnessfolly opto fee finish. Between £00 ud CW parsons paid for Admission, and the grounds sell gardens, which were in excellent order, were g»»7 Jufflg with bunting, «resented a very animated appeiranceL It wa» expected that Ms IxceUemj tU Governor and his lady would be present, ban appears-they were obtigsd to return to JWbonna from Crdldtrane late'y, asd were unable to attend. A portion cf Knottier lawn was laid off for croquet, ua Ibe lqyew of .tbe gentie game weie lhns able to m- dolge to their hean's content Jn this recreation. T» fi. V.B. band wts present by the kind permission oi Major - JBlo-p, .and = played some very agr»- able selections during tbe day. A PI flB Si ipf boja'. races -wen also arr<nged. The fouowKg was the programmu—Grammar schools race—rny prize- silver cap,given by the committee; seoond, a gold trophy, given by Mr tilbson; third, a «P. given by the ocmmltteeL The first p' to was wot W J.Fergnason. the second by A. Crabbe, the third.07 C. King .Sunday schools scholars' raoe—Fir«'P r ?'; a aitver cop, giv.-n by the committee; second, £1 "i third, 10s.—i ha first priss was ty 0. Bajlee, seoond by J FcfeShec.'Qie third by J. TowL A s»s. Siamese, and potato moe folltrtfed. In the ew"®® the sale was conliauei up till abont eight o'c.oct a very nice pyroUchsio display was given by A. Towl. who had manufactured a somber of rocDH, Chinese fires, oelored lights, wheels, bombs, which he fired eff Vocal ielectloniL w«e Messrs Woolc.-ck, Biddls, Bobaonf-¥owl, Oliver. Whltten, Ply, Silbert, Cuming, and Csaly.who rwdered some of the dcJoesit ttrpbsaa gleea. T®"" takings amounted to £108'9s 4d, to whioh mnfl" added 'previbus etdxcriptlons £80. making a total of£lB09««.. The salew-ll be resumed to-Wet half-past two bm. MoBioal aelectiona acd a P™ fflajflay of fiieTOk. win be glven in the evening- Mr WelBsgton'a buses will run tOlalatehour. ; A(xu>KirrorM(rsta "H.K.B- I5na«9»"was produoedlastnfgif by" Stuart O'Brien, who has brought WDiismsoo s rrn^ five company to Ballarat " antil further notice. « orowded bouse witnessed the first producttoocf brilUast operatic «a»re in Ballarat, and a moetca- 'dial-and will-merited rw»ption waa aceorfed to» performers on .the jrfsSug of the curtain. WWjtarejsm «xceediogly wdl rendered nnc« w MtSthasaSSS^IffTanObeb. Wea»7« of the component parte of the orchestra on Mother cccation, as they deservedly merit it. Battercup (Hiss Mary Burton) wanned the audience up to * triflo above Esro, 16 they were rather cold at the opening of the piece, Mid Pick Desdtye—" three-comMed Dick"—vrlio * loves a las above his station," brought the honse ~eni»I warmth, that continued throughout the eventoe Captain Oorowan—Mr T. Baffin—assisted in rnaferof? the impression mere favorable, and the choru 5 the jolly tars fafriy eocnrcd the attention and sym (i til that were present. On the appearance U Eir Jcsppli Porter, K.O.B. (Mr Bicoaidi), who flescrib!B himself ee " The rnler of the Queen's nave and the cfcorns of " His sisters, and his cousins,' an Ms acute," the audience had evidently settled themselves down to enjoy the opera. The nnmber onjhe staee in 'he chorcees, and the admirable manner in which they W6re drilled, wps quite a- novelty here end the painstaking and osrefnl rendering of the musio R-d stsge effsct was felly appreciated. The tarletta is too well known to need repetition, bn an impression is current that Gilbert wrote it only as a satire on a certain Lord o! the Admiralty, and tliati! applies only to home notions,, these who witnessed it last night can give a distinct contradiction to s"n:b a statement The plot is redclent of fun, and the dialogue full of repartee and good-natured satire, that an be appreciated anywhere and evjrywhere where the English language is spoken. The Eecoad act is Night, and camsences with a horn pips by rick Deadejre.A,B, who is cheered on by his comrades until he fairly faints from exhaustion. The air following, by Captain C.rcoran, with picsicato scttmpuniment,.. gjl*nt moon, to thee I sing," was well received; and the duoi with the captain and Dolly, " That is so,"obtaineda hearty greeting. The dnst and choras between Deadsye and the Captain, ufitory been so often told." and "A many ye:re ago," Dolly H > yflower and chorus, fairly brought down the honse. Mr Biccardi has a fice voice and-« clear articulation, that admirably qualifies him for the part of the K.C.B. Mr Eatnford'a Dick BeadeTewas excellent. "I'm ugly, too, ain't I? 1 — and he is. Bill Bobstay as represented by Mr 6. Irtopold was inimitable. The Balph Backstraw of Mr 0\. Harding was all that could be desired. Miss E. Lea as Jo-ephine, Miss Burton as Buttercup, and Kiss Florence as Hebe, were all that could be desired. With regard to the scenery, there is a set piece repre senting the break of a poop on board a man-of-war, with fixedgangways, steps, and brass rails; guns, with their carriages, trunnions, and "biefch ropes; btmmcck rails beats hanging In their davits, iraefcets, wheel, binnacle—and, in fact, all the appliances of a ship, most exquisitely painted, and th transition from noon to night, when the distant llgh's .spring out of the darkness, Is a treat In itself. This is the second occasion on which & Ballarat audienoe have had the pleasure of hearing Mr ArtLcrSnllivan's nraeic; the lormeroccasisn was when " Trial by jory™ was performed at the Academy. To speak cf its merits would be out of place in these oelumus, as lias stood the crncial test of the highest professors of the art. and possesses the great merit that there is— thit is, in I'in afore—something yon can carry -away with you. Cbiabdci'e Botal Italian Cikccs There were large audiences both afternoon and erasing to witness the performances of the above mammoth tronpe of acrobats, equestrians, and performing animal*. Yesterday there was a change of programme, the principal attractions being the performing buffalo ridden in Indian costume by Mr Warne, and the introduction of a beautiful and intelligent thoroughbred horse by Miss Nellie Beid, who appeired to exercise the utmost control over the animal. Then there were the performances of the z;bras, Madame Lotta'e feats of strength, winding up with the exciting Interview betweenJV r Warne and three tigers, and a sigh of relief by the large andienoe was followed by repeated plendits for the nerve and courage he displayed- The fun of the verformanoes was supplied by the three clowns; Mr Holloway especially can=iog roars of laughter by his antics and humor. At the evening performance the large, tent was crowded. The performance will be repeated this aftermon and evening, and 6fgnor Chianni has invited the inmates cf the Benevolent Asylum to be present at the afternoon show. TBB IKDP6TT1T1T EXHTSMORJAXS FLOWZK SHOW At the Dana Street Lecture Hall, closed the' season last evening, and there was a large attendance of visitors, who enpyed the promenade. Mrs John Campbell, Misses Worrell, the wring, and Wild (pianist), assisted at the concert during the evening, and their effort* were highly appreciated- We are requested to state that the gold medal In connection with the exhibition has been awarded to Master H. Crisp, of the Barkly Street Wesleyan Sunday School, for an electrical magnetic machine. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the exhibits will be returned this evening, and the prize money paid to the fortunate competitors. - 