OUR MELBQURlvE LETTER. , (ntosi'ocit owk coimi:s?o>!BESTO -" The long expected has come at last, and the Ministry are threatened with a want of confidence motion, and thatfrom Dr L. L. Smith, who has heretofore been one of Mr Berry's strongest personal friends., The defection of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen^ who took his seat m the Opposition Corner on Thursday, is another: episodej but of no great significance, as the honourable gentleman—Mr Richardson called him a peer oE the realm—has been against the Government ever since he was excluded from it. Self is Sir Bryan's motto: The question- is-what support the motion • will have,; and there is division on this point.; From the silence of the Opposition I should imagine : that they will vote for Dr L. L. Smith's motion merely to get Mr Berry out. This is a strong factor, lu my next letter I will endeavour to indicate the feelings of the members, but jUBt now I am of opinion that unless -the fomentors :of the motion cau promise more than they. do at present they will fad. " More ;' is the cry of the horseleeches,. aud unless 1 that cry is satisfied the motion cauuot be: carried. Aud how is it to be . satisfied That is the point that I would like to hear decided. The doctor is the wrong man to lead any party, even under the as»is of Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. the champion blunderer. Tt.is a queer game, and" I await its conclusion with interest. Stock pieces stdl keep, the boards at the theatres. '' Cymbelme"- has closed ,its career at the. Boyal. , Miss; Pomeroy's Imogen was all that the eye could wish, but not what- would please the ear and sense. As long-as she did not speak her Imogen .was: perfection. That delightful comedy of Shakespeare's'Twelfth Night'; was -placed on the stage ;on Saturday Wemns, and;Miss Pomeroy's "Viola was pleasing, but tho company are uot equal to iheiproduction., It is exasperating to see a gentleman, an actor and a scholar like Mr floskmB,- whose equal as an inter preter of Shalcespearean charactcrs like Mercutio, Belaruis, Jacques, A:c., does' stiot now exist on the English stagej mixed up with: a company' that,, however ht to play -in ordinaiy-dramas, cannot-undertake the higher,;walks, being without the culture aud, ii-ainmg. , Hr Hoskms flits acioss "the stage like the ghost of jthat grealidramatic past to-which,we look-bacl^ and sigh as r.e reflect that aie uot likely lo see it revived. Mr Hoskms has now been forty years ou the stage, and few of the great actors with whom he was assoeiated are now- alive.- Pictures of lum in his great parts are to •be Seeu jiu the standatd editions of Shakehouses do uot call for -Uofcice- being as it were 1 -only "carpenters' scenes" placed before the public prior to the Christmas pieces. Really good' work is being-done at the Royal m preparing for "Bindbad itheSailor,"and?Mr-Hennmgsreyelsmthe scenery. ' Mr Habbe-and Mr Robins -are •also up io their eyes at ihe Opera Housey ,uyenjtei$jsplays:«w®he: dresses for the little 'folkB^are^-being -pre pared, and from what liiaye seen of them •they -promise not only to be good, bu most novel altogether I fancy few visitors to Melbourne this year will have reason to grumble. 