Municipal Matters Next week the first business meeting 4 of the newly elected Council of the! Town of Burra will be held- There are several matters of interest to the ratepayers which will, during the nex* fe«r weeks, have to be decided. At the first meeting the business is generally; purely of a routine character and. con sists in deciding upon the salaries- anJ* allowances td be'pai3 during ihe com-J ing vear. In the^ Burra there lias neverTj -yet been any allowance, asr in other j ujwns,. to the Mayor, and we are not aware what -the intention of the Coun cil is upon this matter. The Idea of the allowance is that it is placed at tliedis posal of the Mayor for enterfainiusf visitors, and to enable him worthily to represent the town on fitting qccassions in other, places jh jajnitlic capacity. _It dbes not seem fair thattheoffice should demand not only time and energy but cash also, and we do not see why Barra .should be under obligation to its Mayor in tlus matter any more tlian are otner towns. The salaries of Town Clerk, Inspector of Works, Solicitor, In spector, and daymen also are required to be fixed for the year, and this gives an opportunity for readjustment of duties, etc., and will open probably, the question as to whether there will be a Surveyor appointed for 18SI. The '^oances will come under review and we believe that it will be found, judging from past ex perience, that the sum available for 1881 has been reduced by the excess spent beforehand. This is a chronic complaint with Municipal councils, and must, we suppose, be endured. The Council will do well to decide at the earliest possible time what works are most urgently required in each ward and then to appropriate to them, as far as it will go, the sum available. In other towns the council frequently piy a visit at the beginning of each year to the various wards with a- view to coming to a fair understanding on this point and the example might wit-b advantage be copied. - 1 At. t.hp. first tneetinsr after the new year will come the duty of fixing the ( rates for the year. In the past these \ have been one shilling ordinary, and threepence health, rate. We do not i think that- ratepayers can afford more, \ nor do we believe that less will do. ! The shilling rate, even when fully supplemented, only gives about ^280 for expenditure in each ward, after allowing for the deduction of the police ; moiety; and after subtracting from this sum the present surplus expendt : ture over the last appropriation there ] will be nothing whatever to spare any where. The threepenny health rate is just sufficient for u fortnightly scaveng ing in the whole town with an extra call on each roiiud at those places, which are readily detected by tbe scavenger, where rubbish most accumu lates. This is the least that should be dona In fact a weetly visit to very oiany places in the town is almost an imperative necessity, and it is a great pity that some plan cannot be devised to provide for it We are afraid, how ever, that- only a % ery slight expafiiiou of the present, system is at aUfipssible with a tbeeepeijny rate.,,'. ' V -v? Iu speaking of the sum ayail^ibjjffpr expendiiture it must be born*3 in naiad thac over and above the usual sum In each ward, Middle Ward will have the advantage of the outlay of 1&e; special vote of ^400 obtained from the Parliament for which we hope the Council will s^e its way to. invite tenders | at- fta. «arly_ da&L.; |ft ihis .matter ; £heref ~ axe'^Jio' preUminary; difficulties. The money was obtained, upon the jj^ejiaraJioja . of . .-|gfinipfpt^i5J for a.si- eei6edaworfc,and'itliuereft»re*ei maipssimpjy to caixy -jut what haswteai approved *by the GovBrnmeut. **S!ijmld the frJiofe work lie l»nt into' one ^oili tractftheise need be ao delay in having it pushed on. ?'. in ihs : ^kpendi*uwe- of other monies the questioh'-pf iteiide&hg; is npti likelv; to be ptT-miiient as there Ls not iiE3y[t»;be much margin after paying ijbfe daymen: — '*-*? — :*'~i «*^--~ ? j i ,^a 1 _. . ? _fc*.*sr _ ?: T5tAiKA^S©st'j3t»£.— NjUjtibfM' ofetpaiipnfe admitted iluring ' the, ffSa ^efclc^f^afe The Dea-' otr Adelaide.— Tie verywsv. the Dean of Adelaide-is announce4 txTprtach at S. Marv's on Sundav next. ~' } — The Representation of Burba. — Mr, C; R. Goode has definitely declined to offer himself as a candidate/for the representation of the Burra District at the coming election. Appeals agaixst AssESSKEXT.-The Town Council will sit on Monday, at noon, to hear appeals agahist the assessment for 1881; Only appeals of which notice was given before December 6, can be now proceeded, with.. . Redruth Wesleyax i /TrmtrirjR'tV owL-— This Bazaar which we referred toliast week was continued on Saturday and when closed at the end of that day was found to have pro duced .3the--8a£isfactory sum of £110, ^leaving fclso ££$0 worth of goods on hand, all being the result of. Jour ^month's work or sixteen sewing meetings. *~ .' The Elections.— It is reported that Mr. A. Palmer, -of— Oare, is- lifcely- to contest Stanley at the coming election. The Belalie Fanners' Association propose to invite Messrs. F. E. H. W. Krichauf and J. Moule to stand for Burra. jourxe. — South Australian' wheat has again iecured high honors, standing first in the Melbourne Exhibition awards. ? Mr. Angas leads the list. ' Suxday jClosetgI— As the notice of the poll in Burra last Wednesday week was gazetted yesterday, the prohibition will, ;ome into force for the first time on Sunday, nest. ...'''? Bubka- Monthly Market. — The sale lield last Friday by Messrs. ? Iiston Shakes and Co. in Burra was very largely attended by buyers from all parts of tiR colony and lasted five hours. Over 25,000 sheep, 173 head of cattle and a number of horses were : sold beside 739 acres of land belonging to Mr. Broad of near Hallett and a quantity of implements. The total sum realized was about £10,000. Sotstbqke.; — We understand rtiiat a. caee of sunstroke is reported as having occurred; at the Model School,' 'owing id a want 'of^ 'shelter during recess. There is, we believe, a large shed on the ground where both in summer and iu winter the necessary protec tion from weather may be secured by children attending the school.- - ... _Redrtjth Erimictve MEpzopisc-CHv&m;^ jfexiVEUSARTi — 'The anniversary- services' of the Redruth Primitive Methodist Church axe elsewhere advertised to be held on : Sun day and Tuesday next. ? '- ' ' *? ' -vBukr£. Town Council. — The Buosa. Town ?Council will hold its first business meeting on Monday next at noon. The Opening of the Terowie Railway. —The opening of the Terowie and Yongala line of railway by His Excellency the Gover nor on Tuesday next is to be made the oppor tunity for festivites both at Terowie and Jamestown. At both places reception com mittees are at work and banquets are toy be held beside the presentation 'of addresses to the trovernDr,! which will also be^offereefcatj Hallett and ' 'other places tn route. '. We heartily congratulate all the districts 'con- cerned upon being thus brought within the advantage of railway communication wifti the seaboard,;the metropolis, and each other. The Address to Mb. Lipsett. — His Worship the Mayor has informed us in re ference to our paragraph of last week, that he did not sign the address to Mr. Lipsett 'on behalf. of the inhabitants' but simply attached his signature with the title of '?Mayor' following it. The address was not promoted by Mr. Lane. Received. — Garden and Field, as useful as ever, and F-'earsoa's WeeTdy. Local Court. — The Redruth Local Court is appointed by proclamation in last week's Gazette. to be held. on the second Wednesday, in each month instead of on the Friday fafi^r the third Wednesday. r The alteration will come into effect in January next. . While on this subject we hope that the Government will make the Redruth Court a Local Court . of Insolvency, TheBurranowthattneTeEowie railway is nearly finished, has become a con venient centre for such an establishment. The name Bhould be changed from Redruth to the Local Court of Burra ; the latter name is known* all over the colony, whilst Redruth is comparatively- a mere localism, By.-tdie act just passed, summonses can now be issued in auy Local Court up to £400. ? , The Ccstoms Convention* between' South Australia axd : New Sojjth Wales. — The action of 'the Treasurer in imposing, upon his sole authority, »&ew; taxation to the extent of £32,000 through customs and excise duties on wines, spirits, and tobaceo is being much commented upon, and is cenerallv reaarded as. entirely illegal. uid quite unconstitutional. 'An early session -f Parliament to set matters straight is sug gested by the Register. , ....-; ; Outrages ix the South Seas. — The War Steamer Emerald has been dispatched to the scene of the South Sea murders with a view bo detecting the offenders or makiug re prisals. Sir Georoe Kingston'. — We regret to have to announce the death of Sir George Kingston on .board the mail steamer between King George's Sound and Galle. Sir George was one of the earliest pioneers of the colony and has throughout been identified with its interests. He has held, almost uninterrup tedly, the post of speaker of the Assembly siuce the establishment of constitutional Go vernment, and was atone time representative of the Barra District. During the last session of Parliament the speaker bad fre quently to refrain from attending the meet ings of the house on account of ill health, and at the close of the sittings lie announced that he should not seek re-election.^ He was at the time of his dea£h 'on his way to \ udia in search of better health but unexpectedly succumbed. Professor Pepper's Ghost. — Last-nights-, in accordance with previous 'announcements,* Professor Pepper appeared in ; the Institute Hall, Burra to a large audience with lus yery interesting * and instructive entertainment. ? i&s; might have been expected there had been considerable public interest manifested in the jrisit of one who had first an English reputa tion as a popular scientist and experimen jtalist, and who had added to this, during his istay in the colonies, a very great renown as an entertainer as well as an instructor of the public. The accounts of his enthusiastic reception in Adelaide and elsewhere have all been followed and his visit to Burra anticipated with delight. Tne most popular feature of the whole is, perhaps,, the frhost illusions. These always strike ihepopulafc taste and although the whole of the- enter tainments are thoroughly good: dieyiathact 'most attention. The applause of last night .and .the pleasnre^felt by ,all present wil ensure a still larger patronage to-night, and as the Professctr uas.consentjsil tjj^stag; f°^a third dav iu Burra, and to give an entertain the Education department to-m'orrow after noon as well as the usual evening one, he will, doubtless, be somewhat repaidfor the heavy expense of moving so muc a apparatus, having so taaay aBsistatnra, and paying 50; many -incidental charged in each place wjiepe? he goes to bring out: the ^entertainment., Hallett is to be the . next, 'place v)si$edi (Monday evening) and then Jamestown, Caltowie, Port Pine, and Port Augusta follow. ' We advise everyone to go as' often as they . can as the programme will J-e con stantly varied. . ' \ Mr. Lipsett's Estate. — . Elsewhere tenders are iuvited for the drapery, stock, lease and fixtures in -the assigned estate of E. Lipsett. The Go-as-toc-please Coxtest. — ThiB contest in Adelaide was concluded on Satur day evening, .jEdntaanig, the long-distance champion, t»king 'first 'prize, he having ac complished a distance pJ; 172 miles. Craig came second' jRith. 142 miles, and Gibson third with l^afflesjhi forty-eight hours. The kraMp£SKXU; Conference. — The Tn^urer^ndSjir;': JFowler have returned frbinijie confereuce^in Melbourne, the dele gatei;.Jdivtag;|36ci3t^ to adjourn till after OhristraaS^iffJHjfoJtibey will meet together with represensuaves of the other colonies to discuss more in detail the questions broached. The chief result of the conference, so far, to South Australia, is that we are not troubled by the Custom House Officer any longer on anyof our frontierlines withtlieothercolonies. . TJie.YJciqrian^radej^wj^ltis very sniall and entirely locaL wiUiie carried onTby means of permits ; and the trade with Hew. South Wales will be free for a payment by our .Gp-/ vernment to that of New Sonth Wa-es of EEJjii?™, ^jeatz.^*fi - 52nnSS?on» However, - ™3i«iislSFconc£ssiicm there .are pne jijfTiwo' bhings which are not -at -all satisfactory if £ they are not distinctly illegal. The Trea surer has agreed .to ? assimilate our* tarif on wipes, spirits, and tobacco, &c;, to that of ' New South' Wales ;andr has put the new-scale'- ' of duties in force at .once, , Of course there would be very grave* dlfficulties-in having a known and pertain alteration in;. the duties ,- held .over as the knowledge would be used' to the detriment of the colony!, but; that the i Treasurer should take upon himself to-add , new duties, amounting, ^according to the Higgler, to £32,000 per annum is certainly unconstitutional. ? ?-1 ? : '? i ? - » i - : : Athletic Sports.- -^ A- programme is advertised in another . column f or', afliletic sports at Terowie, 'on Christmas' £)ay; '-'-?' ; The Combined. FLEKT^-Notwithstanding the invitation of England tp^he otherpowers to maintain the combined squadron ' in ' Turkish wat^^endingthe settlement of the. Greek frontier . question, tlie. snrreicider of Dulcigioto Montenegro appears to havesatis- ' fied the majority or the Great . Powers, and - Jthfe fleet is ah-eady dispersed. The Terowie Railway And the Coaches. ; — Owing to the absurd place chosen at which to effect a. junction of the. Port Pine and Adelaide ' railways, '' necessitating v as' ifc does the earring of passengers very iar north. . and east out of their way, jt ,is intended ' to Continue the line of -cbaChes now rnnmng bc fcireen Jamestown and Hallett and also, -pro; , bably, to supplement them with another line ' b:e£ween~'Tramestojra ^andl'Yarcowie. — -fa- either case both time and rabfaeyiwill *e saved by passengers travelling by the coaches. From Jamestown to ¥aipofie is by road about fifteen miles and by rail cia. Petersburg about forty miles. Thte junction ;i should have been, as we pointed out at the time between Ulooloo and Y-arcowie. Afphtrrtv -Tw.i;rA!ifn — Trtdyirl^fc BtUlin, a very disturbed state ana -fuftjier troops, ^ including the Coldstr^am guards, hjive, been 'seut on to that country froin. Jf-ngjaanif * A;C one place where it had been determined to preveut a meeting, likely to cause distur bance, from beine held, the riot act was read and fie: dragoons charged the ipeople^ before they would disperse. It 'is tntended^ to have the Irish Members,,-against whom, actions for promoting sedition are pendiag, ?' arrested if they present themselves .at the . opening of Parliament on January 6th!. Mr.' Parnell has been presented with the freedom of Waterford city. ' Gexeral Grant. — The president of the United States has recommend to congress that General Grant should be appointed to the command of the United States army. Kapcnda Corporation and Dlstrict Council. — A lawsuit between these bodies for the recovery of one moiety , of the cost of a piece of work jointly undertaken, and paid for by the Council,- was lieard on Wednesday last when a verdict for the foil amount claimed with costs was given against the Cor poration. ~' ':: -' ' ** 'f *J '*li r-* Pleasant.— This paragraph in a home - paper gives a pleasing idea of the ease and comfort of home life an- ? Ireland : — ' A. Birmingham manufactorer, .in October, re ceived, from the vicinity ;of Mew, Boss, an order for a coat of mail for-an Irish landlord resident in that neighborliood.' .'.'?'?':, , .'? ''Baxk Discount. — We. {Betjister) under stand that there is a, probability of the Banks shortly reducing the rates of discount. At present bills of three months' currency are charged at the rate of 7 percent per annnm, aud we presume the reduction will be to: 6 . percent. -.:;:'-. 