ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH, BEECH WORTH. At the above church on Sunday last His Lordship the Bishop of Sandhurst (the Right Rev. Dr Crane) preached both morning and evening to large congrega tions. The services were conducted by Dean Tierney : and after mass the Bishop administered the sacrament of confirmation to about seventy persons. The church was decorated with flowers and evergreens for the occasion, and the choir rendered the musical portion of the service in a most efficient manner ; the solo parts be ing well sustained. At mass, the epistle and gospel for the day having been read by the Bishop, His Lordship proceeded to deliver an eloquent sermon from the words contained in the latter — 3t. Luke xxi, 25 —33 v. ; alluding to the grand hut awful scene, as presented in the words contained therein, of the com ing of the Saviour to judge the world, when the Son of Man would come in his majesty, and all would be summoned before him as their judge, and the author of life and death, to give ail account of their actions, whether good or evil, when in this world. In almost every part of the sacred writings were to be seen particulars of that great and terrible day. Tho sinner would then know that his time had come — that the hour was at baud when he must appear before the tribunal and receive the awful sentence of eternal misery. It was not alone the sinner who would wither away with fear, but the just would also quake. Therefore everyone should, by penance, prayer and good works, prepare himself for the great day, in order that they would nob have hereafter to be visited with the punish ment of the wicked. The reverend preacher then pourtrayed in beautiful and graphic language the events con nected with the last day ; remarked that all men — rich and poor, high -and lowly — being human, would be placed in the same position. The Saviour, who when on earth was reviled and rejected of men, would then appear in the glory and majesty of the Go Ihead. In this world, when friends were separated by : the hand of death, faith told the bereaved ones that the separation was hut for a time, and that a blessed union would afterwards take place. But it was not so in the next, when there would be a separation of the good from the bad, never to come together again. The just: would take possession of the kingdom which had been "prepared for them since the beginning of the world ; whilst inffdels and sinners woula he banished from tlio sight of God for over. All were exhorted, in the name of God, to live according to the rules of their religion, and so ensure a happy and a peaceful end and everlasting life. The children who were to , be confirmed ..that day were told that they were about to receive, one of the seven sacraments ordained, by the most high God, who dwelt in each heart. His Lordship trusted that in their future life the Holy Ghost would strengthen them, so- that they should refrain from' sin and .resist temptation and the attacks of the numerous enemies by whom the' would be assailed. It was necessary for them to make a firm resolution not to- deviate from the path leading to rigliteouo- ness ; but to be submissive to all authority, avoid evil companions, and rely upon the goodness and mercy of God, which would .enable them to combat with their enemies." The same Holy Ghost which shed its glorious liglit upon the Apostles ' tfbuld that day be infused into their souls ; making theni more perfect Christians. At vespers, the Bishop . took as . the subject the words—" While we have time let us do good unto all liiem". :He>: said; that there was an admonition conveyed in those, words which were' ' universally acknowledged, but, unfortunately, iiofi regarded in - practice. It- was of . the greatest importance that Time should be used : to the best/advantage, unci for t,he:, promotion of ono -great1 aim; for -the abuse of it was th e source of all' evils. The generality -of mankind betrayed the -greatest 'folly in f ae way in which; they spent their time ; contending that tliey had a perfect rij ht to spend it as they- pleased. Many complained that the tube in this world ) was too short. ' Should' hot that consi' leration inspire them to- make ' good ,e of it, to ensime-etaifeil; .salvation-? TT ae; use : of time terminated in . either - enf Jess glory; or 'Unspeakable pain. /Man's rlifp was very ' stiorVf Stid might;be,cor,:napared -to .a' flash' 'of .-lightning or the avap.0"' r. wliich. -was liable ,io,.Yb"pdi5) sipated in - a moment: He. v.hhld'fdiivlde f"- j t , aa hi !;/-w it into three parts— the past, the present and the future. If those present were to look back on the past, what did they find? A dream. If they regarded the present, they could see the time rapidly passing away. And the future appeared but an uncertainty. God had given man a certain number of years in which to work out his salvation, and when these were put together they were barely suffi cient for the purpose. Therefore, each should look back on the past years of his or her life and a3k himself or herself, " What have I done in the way of salva tion?" His Lordship exhorted all to reflect and turn their footsteps in the right way ; and net place too much con sideration on the things of this world — for what did it profit a man if he should gain the whole world and lose his own soul. In conclusion, the preacher alluded to the necessity of life being well spent ; and his hearers were entreated, if they had not hitherto served God in earnest, to resolve to do so in the future ; to love him, and to think every day of their last hours and approaching judgment. 