FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) ABANDONED. CHAPTER XXI. " I SHALL CONQUER IN THE END !" The fashionable world had its day of gossip -- the "nine days' wonder" raged for a while, and then gradually died away. New actors came upon the stage of polite society, to attract the attention of the public, and the strange termination of a wedding, which had caused so much of a sensation, and which had seemed to promise so much for the future, became a theme of the past, and if not forgotten, was at least ignored. For three long weeks after that terrible fall, Nina Leicester lay upon a sick bed. She had no fever -- she had no disease of any kind; so the physicians who attended her said, but she lay like one stricken with death. Her vital forces seemed to have been paralyzed -- some great mental shock had caused it, they said, and time, the great healer, would alone show whether she would ever recover or not. Her lips were sealed on the subject of the strange drama, which had, ended so disastrously to all her hopes. She would give no explanation of Lord Malcolm's strange disappearance, nor of her own sufferings, nor listen to any conversation whatever upon the sub- ject. To her mother, who begged and pleaded to know the secret of her desertion and wretchedness, she simply said : " He has gone -- he believes me utterly false to my vows. I can tell you nothing more," and no argu- ments could extort anything more from her. Kenneth had disappeared, leaving no clue as to his future movements and intentions, excepting a note telling the Earl of Durward that he intended travelling for an indefinite period, and would write him further in the future. Caroline also was stretched upon a sick-bed, strick- en with brain fever in its worst form, brought on by " overstudy and excitement," was the wise conclusion of a prolonged medical consultation. But the poor girl's parents knew that her brain was turned by the despair of a hopeless love, and their wrath waxed hotter and stronger every day against the innocent cause of her suffering. She babbled day and night of being so happy -- wedding guests were always happy -- of flowers made from heart's blood to deck wedding robes, of a vine arbor, haunted by some strange spirits, and a thous- and other weird fancies which tantalized her attend- ants with their mystery, but gave no clue to any- thing. Lord Durward racked his brain for a solution of Kenneth's strange desertion of his bride, but could arrive at no satisfactory conclusion, and so the sad termination of an event which had appeared so aus- picious, still remained an enigma which none could fathom. Gradually health returned to the deserted wife -- that is, strength came back to her body, and she was able to eat and sleep once more, although to look into her sad face, one would have said that her heart was dead. " Mamma," she said, one day when she was able to sit up, and had begun to review her condition with some degree of calmness, " where is Kenneth ?" " He is traveling somewhere upon the Continent, I wrote to the Earl of Durward, and this is his reply," madam replied, in hard, constrained tones, as she handed Nina a note, written in a bold, free hand upon tinted paper, and stamped with the crest of his lordship. " MADAM : His lordship, the Earl of Melrose, has left for the Continent, with the intention of travelling for an indefinite period. Permit me to say that I trust he will cause you no further uneasiness or trouble. Miss Durward is very ill. Be kind enough to forward me your bill for her schooling, as she will not resume her studies with you upon her recovery. Very respectfully, " DUDLEY DURWARD, Earl of Durward." Nina's fair face flushed as she read this insolent epistle, in which the writer so sneeringly alluded to her trouble, and pompously vaunted his own posi- tion. " Please write to him again, mamma, and say that Lady Malcolm desires the address of his lordship, the Earl of Melrose," she said, sitting suddenly upright, and speaking with something of her former pride. Although it was far from her nature to feel any vanity, or to boast regarding her newly-acquired position, yet she resolved to show him -- this hard, cruel man -- that she at least respected herself, and as the Countess of Melrose, she would demand proper respect from him also. Madam complied with her desire, glad to see a little life returning to her darling. The answer came at once, short, curt, not unmixed with something of triumph and spite in its tone : " Since his lordship did not see fit of himself to intrust you with his address, I must also decline giving it." That was all, but it aroused in the insulted wife a slumbering spirit which she had never dreamed of possessing before. She said nothing upon perusing the reply, but a look of resolve settled over her pale face, a look of fire leaped into her sad eyes. A week later she insisted upon being dressed to go out, and requested that a carriage be ordered for her accommodation. "Where are you going, Nina?" asked madam, wondering at the look of proud determination upon her white face. "To call upon his lordship, the Earl of Durward," was the quiet reply. Madam Leicester changed color, and a look of trouble sprang to her fine eyes. " Are you wise to do so?" she asked, anxiously. "Mamma, I must have Kenneth's address," the young wife said, nearly losing her self-command. " I must write to him, for he is sorely mistaken about something, concerning which I alone can set him right." " What is he mistaken about ? Nina, what is this fearful thing which is likely to blight your life ?" " I cannot tell you, mamma -- I can tell no one until Kenneth is at peace with me. I will not try to vindi- cate myself in the sight of any one, until he exoner- ates me from all that he believes against me." She stopped suddenly. She had never said even as much as this before. " Life is a mystery, and rather a thankless boon, I think," madam said, with a heavy sigh. Nina regarded her earnestly and wistfully for a moment, then asked : "Mamma, what was that important matter which you were going to communicate to Kenneth and me before we went away ?" " That is something which I cannot reveal to you as things are now. When you are at peace with your husband, then I will tell you," was the sorrowful reply. Nina, richly and tastefully dressed, but with her heart full of bitterness toward the Earl of Durward, proceeded to his office and sent word in to him that a lady wished to speak with him upon business of importance. Without a thought of who it might be, since he still believed her to be ill, he granted the interview at once, and bade his office boy conduct her to his private sanctum. He glanced up with some curiosity as she entered, and instantly started from his chair with a cry of dismay or aversion, Nina could not tell which. " Who are you?" he demanded, huskily, while she saw the perspiration start out upon his forehead in great drops. She regarded him with a look of wonder, not un- mixed with scorn. She did not realize how much her sorrow and ill- ness had changed her, and was surprised at his strange emotion. " I am Kenneth Malcolm's wife, your lordship," she said, proudly, though very quietly, as she stood calmly before him, her clear eyes regarding him searchingly and accusingly. "You look like -- you made me think of -- really, Miss Leicester," the earl stammered, and finally recovering himself, went on, though a shudder shook him, as if haunted by some unpleasant memory. " You took me so entirely by surprise, and are look- ing so poorly, that at first I did not recognize you. Pray be seated," and he strove to cover his discomfort by a show of affability. Nina sat down as composedly as if she knew that she was the most welcome guest in the world. " I have called to obtain Lord Malcolm's address," she said, briefly, and looking him full in the eye. " Ahem !" His eyes dropped beneath her gaze, and that same unaccountable feeling of guilt stole over him which he always felt in her presence. " Ahem ! really, Miss Leicester --" " You forget, my lord,' she interrupted, authorita- tively. " Forget ?" he queried, pretending to misunder- stand, though an evil gleam was in his eyes. "I am no longer Miss Leicester," she returned, haughtily. " Ah! pardon me -- but ah, I can hardly feel as if any other name belongs to you rightfully." A cold sneer wreathed his lips, and he felt as if he would like to crush her to the earth for braving him thus. " You will oblige me, my lord, if you will address me by the name which I took upon myself a few weeks ago, since it is legally mine," Nina said, quietly, but with decision, although she was inwardly quivering with pain at his insult. "Then madam," he said, determined that she should never hear the name she desired from his lips, " to return to your request, I must observe that I consider it unadvisable to give you the Earl of Melrose's address." " But I insist upon it -- that is, if you know it yourself," she added, as the suspicion crossed her mind that he might also be in ignorance of Kenneth's whereabouts. He colored at her words, for, although he had re- cently received one letter from the young lord, he had given him no clue as to where a reply might reach him, and he was therefore as much in the dark as Nina herself. But he would not own it to her; he was deter- mined to make her writhe beneath the force of his power ; to humiliate her, if possible. " It really pains me to decline," he said, " but my judgment tells me that it is best for you to hold no communication with Lord Malcolm in the present state of his feelings toward you. But I am glad, on the whole, that you called to-day, as I have a little matter of business to transact with you." He paused to note the full effect of his words, for he anticipated the reception which the proposal he was about to make would receive. " His lordship " he resumed, " regretted the neces- sity which drove him away just at a time when he was anticipating so much, but rising above his own feelings, he desires to do the right thing by you, and has authorized me to make out the necessary papers for a settlement of two thousand pounds annually upon you, that you need not be entirely disappointed of your expectations." The young wife's face flushed a sudden scarlet, then took on the hue of death, at these cruel words. Two thousand pound annually ! What did it mean ? Kind Heaven, what did those four words mean ? For a moment she thought her senses must fail her; it was more than she could bear. She had built upon the hope of writing to Kenneth, making everything plain, and then felt sure that he would hasten back to her with open arms, and ready to sue for forgiveness for having so wronged her by his unjust suspicious and accusations. But this matter of an annuity revealed something entirely different. She was not to hope for an understanding with him. She was to remain indefinitely a discarded bride, with simply a duty settlement allowed her. Her brain reeled, a sensation as of suffocation near- ly overcame her, but suddenly remembering that the earl was her enemy, and determined to crush her if possible, the hope came to her that this dreadful thing might be a cleverly-devised deception of his to separate them still further. Calling all her will to her aid, she regained some- thing of composure, and said : " I do not believe Lord Malcom has authorized you to do this thing." " Perhaps you would like to see the letter in which be speaks of it," his lordship returned, yet he changed color guiltily at her words. The truth of the matter was, that Kenneth, realiz- ing his obligations as a married man, had written to Lord Dudley, telling him if Lady Malcolm desired to draw upon him for funds, he was to allow her to do so without restriction, mentioning that there were now due him from his annual allowance two thous- and pounds, which might at once be placed at her disposal. From this item he had woven his cunning falsehood, knowing but too well how the haughty, sensitive girl would receive it, and hoping thus to embitter her mind against her husband. He pulled out a drawer in his desk, and, taking Kenneth's letter from it, held it toward her with the semblance of frankness. The act destroyed her fond hope, and pride came to the rescue of her breaking heart. Lifting her head with an air of hauteur, she refused the letter. " You can save yourself all trouble in the matter, my lord, for I shall receive no annuity in the way you propose," she said, coldly. " I think you are unwise, madam. Perhaps you do not regard it enough ; if so, I presume his lordship could be prevailed upon to make it more." How did he dare insult her thus ? She lifted her blazing eyes to his face, and they seemed to scorch him with her righteous indigna- tion. But he proceeded, determined that she should go away thoroughly humiliated. " Doubtless, for his own comfort as well as yours, he wishes you to be well provided for, even though he may not desire to -- to --" " Well, my lord ?" Something in her look and tone warned him that it would not be well for him to finish the sentence as he intended. " Excuse me," be added, with a disagreeable smile, " but really, madam, it is evident from his voluntary absence that his lordship regrets the step which he has so hastily and unadvisably taken, and wishes to make you all the restitution in his power by giving you a comfortable support." "Stop !" came from the white lips of the insulted woman. She had risen, and was standing before him in all the majesty of her proud beauty. " Stop !" she repeated. " I did not come here to be insulted or maligned. I came to ask you for the address of my husband, who is laboring under a sad mistake, regarding which I alone can set him right. Will you give it to me ?" No, she should never have it, if that would help her set Kenneth right; he did not desire him set right. He had conceived the diabolical idea of keeping them apart, and working upon the feelings of each until both would be glad to seek a final separation. " I cannot," he said, " it would only result in use- less distress to both of you. And I repeat, that doubtless his lordship regrets the step he has taken, and will probably seek to rectify his mistake as soon as possible." " I do not understand you," Nina said, a terrible fear creeping into her heart, " I mean," replied the earl, with a sardonic look, " that he will probably see ere long that this mar- riage with one so entirely out of his sphere, was a most unsuitable alliance, and that when he recovers somewhat from his disappointment and mortifica- tion regarding, I must be allowed to say, the very strange termination of a wedding in high life, he will take measures to place himself upon a proper foot- ing in society once more." " I do not understand you, sir !" came sternly from those marble lips, the look of a Nemesis upon her brow. " Really, madam, I Intended to make myself ex- plicit," his lordship returned, regarding her uneasily, and wondering where he had ever seen a face and look like hers before ; but he went on, doggedly : " Of course you must feel as we all do, that the re- markable circumstances which drove the young earl away in a frenzy at such a time, cannot be regarded lightly or overlooked ; and something must be done to relieve him from the very doubtful position in which he finds himself; in other words, he will doubtless seek to sever a connection which is at once so painful and embarrassing." She started toward him with a cry of pain. It was wrung from her by the force of his cruel words. " Do you mean to tell me that Kenneth Malcolm will seek a divorce from me, without giving me an opportunity to defend myself ?" In an instant she saw that she had made a mistake by admitting that she had need to defend herself; for she saw by the look of triumph which leaped in- to his eyes, that he had not known as much about the circumstances of that dreadful day, as he had pretended. She had committed herself to this man whom she saw was bound to ruin her. She had admitted that she had been guilty of some offence which would need explanation and pardon, and she knew that the hard-hearted man before her would make the most of it. " That was the thought which I wished to convey," he returned, a satisfied smile curving the corners of his mouth at her admission. " We have all thought that Lord Malcolm was making a mistake which he would regret all his life. It is to be deplored, how- ever, that he did not discover it a little earlier, and thus saved his friends so much anxiety on his ac- count, and himself exceeding mortification. I have always deemed it a great wrong for the high and low to intermarry, and it will be by the advice and counsel of his legal advisers, that he will take the step of which I have spoken." " It shall never be, Lord Durward ! I have heard something of your indomitable will. I have heard that you never allow anything to stand in the way of your ambition or desires ; but let me warn you, that God has made other souls as strong and resist- less as your own, and will not permit you to triumph in this evil thing." His lips curled like an angry dog's, and he longed to raise his hand and sweep her from the face of the earth. Yet he was half afraid of her ; her frail beauty im- pressed him with a sense of awe, and it seemed as if she were some avenging angel about to pronounce sentence upon him for the many wrongs of his life. She went on, her voice rising stronger and clearer : " I defy you to do this wickedness which you pro- pose. I do not believe that Kenneth Malcolm has any idea of committing this foul wrong of which you speak -- he could not stoop to such meanness. I do not believe you know any of the circumstances except as you surmise them -- which led him to leave England so rashly, and I am convinced that this pro- posal of an ultimate separation originated in your own brain, to accomplish certain purposes of your own. But you will not succeed; you may have triumphed in all your undertakings, so far, during your life, but, mark my words, the end will come, a day of reckoning will speedily overtake you, and your schemes come to naught. Again I say, I defy you !" She stood towering above him in her pale loveli- ness, her voice ringing out with prophetic power. She awed him ; her righteous indignation and defi- ance made him cower in his chair as he never had done in his life before to a human being. " What does your defiance amount to ? What will you do ?" he asked at length, sullenly. "What will I do? I shall use every available means, in the first place, to secure my husband's address, and then write to him in a way that shall bring him bounding to my side, with joy, and make him proud to own me his wife before all the world. This failing, I shall strive to await patiently your proposed measures, when he will be obliged to meet me face to face, and I shall tell him my story with the same result." " Divorces are sometimes obtained without publicity to either party, and through the medium of agents, perhaps, you know," he sneered. The fair face quivered an instant with pain, the lovely eyes drooped with a sense of despair, but they were quickly lifted again, and met his unflinchingly. " Heaven will not allow you to triumph over me so wickedly, when I have done no wrong," she said, impressively. " Do you suppose that Lord Malcolm would agree with you in that latter statement ?" asked the earl, viciously. "Yes, if he would but listen to me for five minutes." "Ah ! I presume you think you could pull the wool over his eyes again, with your arts," he sneered coarsely. Then, with a malignant scowl, he went on, sav- agely : " Your marriage with him was a mere piece of folly, a miserable alliance, and I should deem any measures right and proper that would annul it." He suddenly ceased, and grew as pale as the fair girl standing so proudly before him. He remembered once before to have uttered a sentiment something like this, and the words of denunciation which had followed had never ceased to ring in his ears. " I shall do my utmost," he continued, trying to recover himself, " to secure the rash boy's consent to a separation, and that failing, I shall try other means. Do you know," he said, lowering his voice, and looking around to make sure no one could hear, " that for the last ten years I have built my hopes upon uniting the house of Melrose with that of Dur- ward, and do you suppose I shall allow a puling girl like yourself, to stand in my way again, now that I see a favorable opening to secure my desire ?" Nina regarded him with a smile of ineffable scorn. " Do you think that you are greater than the laws of England, that you should boast that you can do this thing ?" she asked, proudly. " Money and will accomplish wonders, sometimes, and I do not despair. A prolonged absence and residence in another country, will accomplish what I desire, or the failure of either party to appear at that time of hearing, would do as well. I believe in the old motto, ' Where there is a will, there is a way.' " "Where is your manhood, that you dare taunt a defenceless woman with your vile intentions ?" " My manhood and force of character have always been employed to make me what I am, and I shall not be likely to lay down such trusty weapons until they accomplish all I desire." " I do not fear you, you have shown me what you are, and I know the character of the enemy with whom I have to deal, and I shall conquer in the end! That iron will, of which you so confidently boast, will have a mighty down-fall." The proud girl turned away from him with an ex- pression of loathing, and walked, with a firm, unfal- tering step, from his presence, leaving him aston- ished at her spirit, and with a strange feeling of defeat stealing ever him. True she had not gained what she came for; neither had he crushed her as he meant to do. She had risen above him, she could almost seem to read him, and penetrate his evil nature ; he recognized in her a foe strong and unyielding as himself. " She is plucky, if she is a plebeian ! A woman never dared face me like that but once before," he muttered, with a frown. A plebeian, your lordship ? Oh, no ! CHAPTER XXII. THE EARL'S FEARFUL DREAMS. Madam Leicester was very much disturbed upon learning the result of Nina's interview with the Earl of Durward. The young girl never remembered having seen her queenly mother so agitated before in all her life. Her self-command forsook her utterly, and she bowed her fair, beautiful face upon her hands, and wept bitterly. Half the night afterward she paced her chamber, seriously debating within herself what course to pursue. It galled her proud spirit beyond endurance to have her lovely child tortured and insulted as she had been that day, and she now blamed herself severely for having allowed her to go upon such an errand. " I might have known better," she said, sternly, to herself ; " he is a hard- hearted, cruel tyrant to the very core of his heart." After long deliberations and consultations, they concluded to insert advertisements in all the Lon- don papers which had a wide circulation abroad, desiring the address of the Earl of Melrose ; but no reply ever came to them, and as the long weeks dragged wearily away, their hope for the future grew fainter and fainter, leaving them sad and sick at heart. Madam's pupils dropped off one by one, until only two or three remained, her aristocratic patrons fearing that they should lose caste by patronising any one who was the subject of so much scandal and suspicion as Madam Leicester and her daughter ap- peared to be. Consequently she did not feel able to retain the expensive corps of teachers which she had hitherto employed, and, after much anxious thought, she re- solved to close her establishment in the city, where life had suddenly lost all charm for them, and re- move to some quiet place in the country. Nina's health was very delicate ; she was literally grieving herself to death, and her mother knew that some decided change was necessary for her. Caroline gradually recovered from her terrible sickness, but she was no longer the bright, merry girl she had been. She seemed suddenly to have grown old, and was continually brooding over the blighted hopes of the past. She was thin and sallow, her eyes heavy and sunken, and an expression of pain and discontent constantly shone upon her face. As soon as she was able to do so, she confided to her father the secret of Nina's supposed unfaithful- ness, and of Kenneth's strange disappearance. His lordship was very much elated over the know- ledge thus gained, and fully believed that he now saw his way clear to carry out his former designs regarding his ward and Caroline. He wrote Kenneth a long letter -- having lately dis- covered where letters would reach him -- in which he sympathized with him, and enlarged upon the nature of his trouble, and finally, in the most delicate man- ner imaginable, suggested the idea of a legal sepa- ration from his wife. The epistle which he received in reply to this letter was highly characteristic of the young nobleman, as well as exceedingly disappointing and mortifying to the scheming earl. "Never speak or write to me again," the letter sternly dictated, " of a legal separation from Lady Malcolm. It is a proposition which I could not en- tertain under any circumstances, unless it should come from her personally. I chose Miss Leicester to be my wife -- I wedded her in the face of the world and as my wife she will be known while she lives. I do not deny that I was grievously shocked and disappointed upon making the discovery to which you refer, and which I regret Caroline had not consideration enough for my feelings and reputation to keep to herself ; but that is past, and let it be forgotten, if possible. Of course I can never return to remain long at a time in England, with such a blight upon my life, and to you I shall intrust my business affairs, as heretofore, after reaching the age mentioned in my father's will. I wish all due respect to be rendered to the Countess of Melrose, and a generous support allowed her from the resources of the estates; and also, that she be permitted, if she desires, to reside at Melrose Park, or any other place she may choose. These matters I intrust entirely to you, and shall expect that you will carry out my wishes to the letter, to the exclusion of all prejudice which you may have formerly entertained for the lady mentioned." The earl was by no means pleased when he read this letter. Its tone was too independent and au- thoritative to suit him, but he dare not refuse to obey its instructions, since he knew that Kenneth would take the management of his property out of his hands at once, upon the expiration of his guard- ianship, and that would not do at all ; he must still retain some hold upon him. He believed that much depended upon keeping him under his influence. Twice he sent Nina a handsome remittance, but the package was returned to him each time un- opened, and the next thing he learned was that madam and the unhappy bride had left London, and gone no one knew whither. So he allowed Kenneth's income to accumulate, and wrote nothing to him regarding their disappear- ance, earnestly hoping that they would never hear anything from them again. The Earl of Durward was getting tired of London life! For years he had resided there, enjoying the honors and wealth which poured in upon him from every side. But all these things seemed at length to "Blunt the keen edge of his desires, and pall all his en- joyments." He was becoming surfeited with pleasure, satiated with honors, and glutted with wealth. Restlessness and discontent haunted him continually. Had his honor become " empty honors" to him ? Where his " fondest hopes turning to ashes in his grasp ?" Many a night of late he had started from his pillow, with these words of his dead wife sounding like a warning knell in his ears I Would the rest of her " malediction" be wrought out for him ? He had indeed reached " the height of his glory." Could it be possible that " despair and ruin" were about to " encompass him?" Caroline had lost all her desire to enter society no amount of persuasion could induce her to return to its gaieties after her recovery. She did not care for her studies, and seemed to take no interest in anything. She appeared to pine for her old home at Leam- ington Towers, however, more than for any other thing. She talked almost incessantly of the cool, shady park, the quiet freedom of its sheltered walks, the grassy lawn, the musical fountains, and the vener- able ivy-grown structure which she had so loved in her childhood. The earl himself began to think it might be pleas- ant to be in his old home again. Ralph was away at Eton, preparing to enter Oxford, and after much thought and consultation with Lady Durward, it was decided best to close their town house for the present and return to Leamington Towers. The Town of Leamington, or Leamington Priors as it is called, is a beautiful town in Warwickshire, England. It is noted for its lovely scenery, and for its many surrounding points of historical interest, among which " The Towers" itself is prominent, while not far distant are the Castle of Warwick, Kenilworth, and Stratford-upon-Avon. It is also renowned as a watering-place, and its location regarded as exceed- ingly healthful. The earl and countess, therefore, hoped much for Caroline from this change, and six months after the events related in the preceding chapter, found them once more established in their old home. But the earl, after the first few weeks of excite- ment and interest occasioned by their removal, had passed, became more restless than before. The familiar scenes of his old home seemed to arouse memories which troubled him. He began to grow gloomy and sullen, shunning all company, and wandering off for hours by himself in the park during the day, while as evening came on, he would shut himself up alone in the library, where he would remain often until midnight. When he retired to his couch at night, he was haunted by weird and troubled dreams, so that time after time, he would be obliged to rise and go out upon the balcony, which opened from his room, into the fresh air, to calm his excited nerves and forget his visions. The change in him was so marked that the ser- vants begin to whisper among themselves, and say that the ghost of his dead wife, whom he had so ill- treated, had come back to haunt him since his re- turn to the home where he had made her so miser- able. The old butler seemed to be especially impressed with this idea. With a mysterious shake of his gray head, he was often heard to whisper : " Holy mother, rest the poor Ieddy's soul ! but it's no more than right that her wraith should haunt him now, for it were a shame the way his lordship used to carry a hand with her, and she the sweetest leddy that ever trod old England's sod." When his appetite began to fail, and every noise made him start and tremble with nervous dread, he began to be alarmed about himself, and at his wife's earnest desire, he called in good old Dr. Crawford, who, although now in his seventy-flfth year, was as hale and hearty, and as keen in judgment, as when, nearly twenty years ago, he had attended beauti- ful and suffering Madeline. He pronounced the earl's trouble to be nervous prostration, brought on by too close application to business and politics for a protracted period. By way of caution upon leaving, he remarked, somewhat carelessly : " You must look out my lord, or we shall have you where the first Lady Durward was some eight- teen or twenty years ago." "What ! ' he cried, his face growing ashen with a terrible fear,"you do not mean that my brain is affected ?" " It is not seriously so at present, but you will have to be very careful or it will be," was the grave reply. " What can I do ? I will do anything -- such a fate would be too horrible !" he cried, with a shudder. His mind went back to that day when, in that very room, he had planned with those two strange phy- sicians, to doom his wife to a life of misery within the walls of a Maison de Sante. Could it be possible that his sin was to be visited upon him thus; that he would become what he had pretended she was, and his own, the doom that he had planned for her ? The very thought made him feel as if his senses were slipping away from him even now. "You must be free from all excitement," the phy- sician said ; then asked, with a searching look into his patient's horror-stricken face : " Have you any trouble on your mind at present ?" "No, nothing; unless it is the fearful dreams I have at night, and which seem to haunt me through the day. " " Of what do you dream ?" " Of that dreadful wreck in the English Channel mostly, in which I see Madeline drowning again. I put forth my hand to save her, and she is borne beyond my reach. Again and again her white, dead face comes to the surface, and sometimes taking on a mocking life-look, as if to taunt me with my misery. I tell you, doctor, it is horrible ! And then something will seem to clutch me, and drag me down down into the depths, while weird voices shriek in my ears, "down at last ! down at last! encompassed by ruin and despair.'" The strong man looked as if he heard those voices even then. His eyes had a wild, frightened expres- sion in them, the perspiration stood out in great drops upon his forehead, and his fingers worked convulsively. Dr. Crawford regarded him with deep concern. i if I should say you are troubled also by indigestion which gives you nightmare. You must live lighter," be said,. " Live lighter ! Why, I do not eat the value of a slice of bread a day !" the earl exclaimed. "Ah ! do you use stimulants at all ? ' "Somewhat," Lord Dudley said, flushing. "I must do something to drown these fancies, if fancies you can call them. Why, doctor," he added, drop- ping his voice almost to a whisper, and glancing nervously around. " I have grown almost to think that Madeline's ghost haunts this house. You may smile, but I cannot enter a room alone, I cannot walk in my grounds, I cannot lie down upon my bed at night, without feeling that her presence is near." " My lord, you are very foolish to dwell upon these things. I do not say that you can help their com- ing to your mind, but you must not allow them to remain. You and I know there are no such things as ghosts -- Madeline is dead ; let her rest in peace. Poor child ! her's was a sad fate," sighed the doctor, then added, thoughtfully : " She was always a favor- ite with me, you know; she was so gentle, so gra- cious and kind. She would have made a noble woman had she lived. There was a hidden force within her that would have come out grandly with time ." The earl sat silent and gloomy ; be had reason to remember something of the hidden force of her character. " Hers was a very singular case ; that severe sick- ness of hers was very strange. Had I not known bet- ter, I should say that she had --" "Had what?" said Lord Dudley, eagerly, as he stopped short. " Nothing," replied the doctor, recovering from his musings. " It can do no good to regret or harbor doubts at this late day. Do not allow your mind to dwell upon these things, my lord. Take plenty of exercise, and a bath every day, live light, drink nothing, and we'll pull you through all right yet, I hope." The good old doctor left him a quieting powder in case be could not sleep, and then went away. But his visit, instead of reassuring his patient, only tended to make him more miserable than before. Madeline had hitherto been but a species of his dreams; now she haunted his waking hours as well. He could not rid his mind of her ; again and again she would rise before him in all her beauty, as she had appeared on that evening when he had treated her with such heartless cruelty. He saw her sad, reproachful eyes, in which were mingled wounded love and despair. He recalled her gentleness and patience, as she stood before him pleading for the restoration of his love ; he heard her moan of an- guish at his scorn, and her stern tones of denuncia- tion, when her woman's heart had been outraged beyond all power of human endurance. He recalled her last words that night of the recep- tion, with a thrill of terror. " May the wail of this, my breaking heart -- your cruel work -- ever sound in your ears, and haunt your dying pillow !" Could it be possible that the forces of his system were breaking up ? Could it be possible that the was soon to die, that these words should thus constantly ring in his ears? Was retribution about to overtake him ? Then again he saw her as she stood in the state- room of that ill-fated vessel ; he heard her prophetic words. "In the midst of your greatest glory," she had said, " the ghost of a blighted life will haunt you like an avenging angel ; and -- mark my words -- when you have reached the topmost round of distinction, there will come a day when you will be hurled from that pinnacle to the very depths of degradation. " That can never be," he muttered, with a frown. '"I have reached the topmost round of distinction," but disgrace can never come near ; it is impossible that disgrace can even so much as touch my fair fame." " I may be going to die," he added,''but I shall leave a stainless name to my children." He looked at his hands; they had grown thin and bloodless. His flesh had a loose, clammy feeling, his strength was forsaking him so that his limbs trem- bled as he walked, his lips were pale, his eyes dull and sunken. He started up wildly, crying, as he remarked these changes in him : " Pshaw ! where are my senses ? It cannot be that I am going to die. Why, I am just in the prime of life -- have just reached a position where I can take my ease and enjoy myself. I will not die ! I will live to laugh to scorn these sickly fancies. I have not risen above all the difficulties of my early life -- I have not reached by sheer force of will the pinnacle on which I stand, only to be hurled from it by the foolish imaginings of my brain !" Thus he reasoned day after day. He rode, he walked, he worked -- did every thing be could think of to occupy his mind, to ease the gnawings of remorse, and still the voice of his troubled conscience. But he grew no better. One day he sat down and wrote for Kenneth to come home. He felt that if he could have his strong, buoyant, self-sustained nature to lean upon for awhile, and throw off all care, he would get relief. He told him he was ill -- too ill to attend to either his business or bis own, and he desired to yield up his trust, and also wished advice upon matters of importance concerning his own property. He wrote that he was willing to retain his guar- dianship nominally to fulfil the conditions of the will, but he was no longer able to attend to the details of business. This letter he sealed and addressed one evening, and left it lying upon the table in the library with other mail matter, to be carried to the office in the morning before be should rise. It was midnight, as usual, before he sought his chamber, and he was more than commonly nervous and depressed. Though wearied beyond measure, yet he knew he could not sleep, he should retire. Accordingly, he opened the glass doors which led from his room upon the balcony, and went out to cool the fever which burned in his veins. It was a glorious night, and almost as bright as day. The broad full moon was riding like a luminous chariot high in the heavens, and shed a golden radi- ance over the whole earth. Objects were visible for miles around, while nearer his own broad domains his magnificent park, with its long, white gravelled walks, overreached with the branches of luxuriant trees, and interspersed with choice statutory and musical fountains, beds of brilliant flowers and pic- turesque arbors, were spread out like a beautiful pioture before him. A suppressed groan of agony escaped him as he gazed upon this, the very perfection of beauty, and realized the wreck he was becoming, as he beheld the fair earth teeming with life and vigorous, healthful growth, and felt that disease and decay were preying upon his vitals. Suddenly he detected a alight stir among the shrubbery near the building. A white band parted it, and in another moment the figure of a woman stole noiselessly into view. She was tall and commanding in appearance, and was dressed in a gray stuff gown, which in the bright light of the moon appeared almost white. She wore a large bonnet, something after the qua- ker style, and she kept her bead down as she ap- proached. Somewhat startled by this apparition, and very curious as to the object of her nocturnal visit, the earl drew back into the shadow of the awning which shaded the balcony, and watched her with almost breathless interest. She glided noiselessly forward until she stood di- rectly in front of the balcony. Here she stopped and began to look around her. She scanned every window and door upon the first floor, then lifted her head to examine those above. As she did so, her bonnet slipped from it, falling upon her shoulders behind, and the moonlight struck full upon her face. It revealed a head covered with hair as white as snow. And the face. The earl caught his breath with a gasp. " Madeline ! Madeline !" he whispered hoarsely. " My God ! I believe l am haunted, or else I, too, am surely going mad. He slid noiselessly to his knees -- every particle of strength gone out of him -- and peered through the lattice work, straining his eyes to catch one more glimpse of the face which seemed so familiar. But the figure, with its snowy hair and startlingly familiar countenance, had vanished ; and with a moan of horror the wretched man fell prone upon his face in a dead faint. But you and I, my reader, do not believe in ghosts. We know that figure must have been veritable flesh and blood. We have no guilt in our conscience to make us fear encountering spirits from another sphere, there- fore we will follow this strange apparition, as she proceeds around the massive building to one of the towers upon the eastern side. Here she stopped before a small iron door set in the solid masonry. There was no latch upon it, no knob or bolt -- noth- ing but a keyhole, and no key visible. The strange woman produced one from her pocket inserted it in the lock, turned it, and behold ! the door swung open with a slight grating noise, and she passed into a short, narrow passage-way. Once within, she produced a candleand some matches, with which she struck a light, and then crossed the passage. Here two huge steps led up to another door, which she also opened with the same key, and stepped into a carpeted gallery beyond. Traversing this with noiseless tread, she emerged into the grand entrance hall of the "Towers," which she crossed, and open- ing still another door, entered the earl's private room or library. As if perfectly familar with everything around her, she went directly to his desk, which she found unlocked, and began examining the numerous papers within. It was evident, however, that she did not find what she was searching for, for she at length re- placed everything as she had found it, and then turned away with an air of disappointment. A case of drawers stood near. These she also examined, but apparently with the same thought. She stood a moment in deep thought, when her restless eyes rested upon the numerous papers and letters scattered upon the table. She approached and turned them carefully over, replacing each one just as she had found It. Suddenly she stopped, holding a sealed letter in her hand. The next moment she seized pen and paper, hur- riedly wrote a few words upon it, and concealing it in her bosom, turned and left the room. She hastened as before, across the grand entrance hall, down through the carpeted gallery, and through the door by which she had entered. Closing and locking this, she passed out at the little iron door, which she also carefully shut and fastened, taking the key with her, then glided away into the shadow of the dense foliage and was lost to view. Who was she, with her strange knowledge of, and the key to the secret passages of Leamington Towers? and what her errand among his lordship's private papers at the weird hour of midnight ? (To be continued.) 