JOHN GRAHAM'S FIRST CAUSE. BY HELEN W. PIERSON, IN THE "DAISY." "WHEW! I'm glad I'm not a doctor," onid John 'Graham an he listened to the howling of the wind, which seemed to Bhake with impatient bands tho door and windowB of his snug little offico, ' or else I might he callxd *o vornn whimsical fine lady in this storm. Now I can ju«t sit by the firo and look over my speech, for the Damming up.' Hn walked to tha window first, howover, and glnnacd to tho Bhining atreot and tho forlorn wayfararn, with their dripping umbrellas, who hurried by through tho driving rain and uleet. It somehow en hanced his own comfort to soe other people bo miserable. AH the street lamps -eemed to bo winking and blinking, an if trying to shut their oye» against the storm. And tho lighted window at the grocor'fl corner loomed up out of the sheets of rain like tho unsub stantial fabric of a dream. Tho young lawyer did not notion a man without an umbrella who stood still under th» rain and stared up at tho house. He had taken a comfortable Beat before the fire, and was turning over various papers with ao nbnorbod look. To-morrow wan a, great and lmportaut day with him. Ho felt, as if all his lifo wen ntahed on the turning of that . hour when ho should make his first important speech. He had poured into it nil the elonuence of which his nature was capable. It was hia first chance before tho public — an opportunity for which he had sighod and pined for in ambitious drcamB, about whioh he had despaired in rsstlesspain. He could have thanked God for the murder whioh had brought the happy chance of success to him. For months he had beBn a prey to devouring cravings for fame and feura that his time would never come. He bad chafed within those four walls p.b a wild beast in a cago ; but now 1 He looked over his pnpero oRain. How dear tha reasoning ; how convincing tho chain of evidence. He was thoroughly oonvinced, in hia own mind, that Bertrand was guilty, nnd hia words carried conviction with them. They were as a death- warrant. He was sanguine about the iBstie for himBelf, yet with fear and trembling. He scarcely gave a thought to the' fact that his success meant Bertrand's death. He was so absorbed that he did not hear at first a stealthy movement at his door, but it was followed by a low knock. The burly fellow who entered did not look aa if he could have knocked no softly. He was the eame man who had stood un sheltered, gazing up at the house. John Graham, Bconting some new work, bade him, offably, 'good-evening,' and offered a chnir. But tho man stood there, with little streams of water trickling from his bair and the slouchod hat whioh he held in hia hand ? a comical figure, like some great clumsy water-god just from his damp abodo. 'I ain't .a subject to ait down in any gentleman's office, I ain't,' he said, with a gruff voice, which sounded as if tho dampness had got into it. ' Eayther moiBt night, mister.' John bowed, and said, ' Very uncomfort able in the street, certainly.' The man looked about a moment, as if ho expeoted to find in the room some help to opening the subject in hand. Then suddenly his eyes rested on tho roll of paper whioh ? John held. ' Speech on the great case, maybo ?' John nodded, ' Well, its about that I oome in. That fellow Bortrand ain't guilty.' John had decided that he was, and ho made known the same to his visitor^ 'Now, I ain't no acquaintance whatever with the prisonor, and can't be prejudiced, do you see ? I follow the water.' John emiled at the idea that if he followed the water he had caught it thi3 time. There was anite a cool about him on tho neat Btudy-floor. ' As I said, I'm a capting of a snug little craft, and I've only been on shore a day or two — long enough to hear 'bout the caBe — and I'm bound on along voyage to-morrow, but as it happens, I know somethink about it,- and, says I, 'Find out the lawyer, and tell whot you know.' Bat' — musing . a little — ' ef you're tho lawyer agin Bertrand, perhaps I'd ought to go to the t'other side.' ' Oh, it's all tho same,' answered John. 'Evidenoe that ia worth anything will not be suppressed.' ? ' I could wish it took down in blaok and white,' said the man, ' and I take my affidavy, and sign tho same. I'm a poor soholar, or I'd a done it myself.' John took a sheet of paper, rather im patiently, and looked at his unwclcome visitor. ' On the laBt cruise o£ the Betsey Jane' began the stranger, with an important air — 'Bstsey Jane ia my wifo.' ' Ah, well, on the laBt cruise of your wife,' said John, beginning to write. 'Stop! Betsey Jane's my boat, called after, my wife. 'Twas a moonlight night. just three months ago, the 26th of October — tho werry night of the murder. . Sing'lar, now, tliat we arrovo that werry night. Thoro'B an overruling Providence, sir — you'd better believe it.' . John made no answer. He began to fear it — to think that 'tho bestlaid plans of mice and men gang aft agley' — to see the repu tation which ho had built up into such a fair structure topple like a house of cards. ' Because eUe why did it happen on that wery identical night ? I forgot my money belt. I never done such a thing since I wsb oapting. When we was a-nearin' tho ohoro I took off my sea clothes , naturally, and left my belt. Woll, there's no thievin' at sea, but when a vessel is in port, and tho wharf rats about, lt'a differont. Botsy Jano had a few friends celebratin' my arrival, you see, and at twelve o'clock, when we was a broakin' up, I mlssod my bolt. ' Betsy Jane,' sez I, * I can't sleep without gettin' it;' and sho waB as oneasy hb I wap. Bemember, sir, 'twas that dientlcal night.' .And he paused, as if to collect himself. ' As I've heerd the story of the murder,' he went on, thoughtfully, ' this young man Bertrand owed Halplne . some money, and thoy had bard words often over it, and somo one swore he was seen goln' into Halpine'g at ten o'clock, and no ono knows when ho came out ; and a note was found on Bortrand when he was arrested invitin' of him round nn t.Knt roerv dientioal niclit.' John Graham nodded as he listened to thiB odd version of the evidence hs had made so dear. ' And, one o'olook, a student as roomed next Halpine, an' waB out late, seein' a light in his room, went in, an' saw the unfortunate man a-w«lterin' in his gore.' The lawyer felt compelled again to nsBent to tho man's inquiring glauco. ' A-welterin' in his gore,' repoated tho burly captain, as if ho enjoyod tbo eloquent roll of the words. ' Wall, to go back, I'd a little dealln's with Halpine oncet. He lent mo mpney oncet, on my Betsy Jane.' , ' On whioh Betsy Jane ?' inquired John, gravely! and preparing to enter the answer officially. r- ' Shiver my timbers I' answered the man, impatiently. ' There ain't none ol this hero evidenoe a joke— leastways, a man's life or death's no joke to. me, whatever it may be to you lawyers. I mean, having borrowed money of Halpine, I naturally looked at his office as I pasted. It was juat half-past twolvo, for I heard the' clock, a-strlkin' tho half:hour, and. I saw a man comin' out of HaJpino'o door.' . : » - 'Well?' ' A man wrapped iu a cloak — a tall follow. I saw his fnco full ono minuto beforo ho saw me ; then ho turned suddlnt, and took to a side street. Now, mark my words. This man was six foot high, and ho had fair hair, aud white skin like n woman's, and blue eyes, Bertrand is dark and short. What do you inako of that ?' 'I have takon it all down,' answered John Graham, in a hard voice. ' Why not Btay yourself and give in this evidence ?' ' I wasn't wishla' for to etay,' of bo bo a* ye could do without mo,' ho said, anxiously ; ' but of it's important for an innocent man's lifo — don't ye think aa it's down in black and whito, and I makes my affordavy — ' 'Oh, yen; I think thin will be ouffioient,' answered John, thoughtfully. ' Have you told thlB to anyone else ?' rinlo t-n ,T«nn ai* ' ' Ah ! to Botsy Jano, and she to hor frionds, I Bupposo ?' ' Well, I just told hor as I was a startin' hero, and I reckon sho ain't a-ro»cnln round in this inclement weather a-repeatin' of it' — with intense sarcasm. ' You are going to leave her for throe years ?' ' No ; she's a-goln this time.' John Graham drew a long breath. ' Thank you,' he said ; ' thank you very much, my man, for tho dear way in which you have givon in this evidence. It is, as you suppose, quite important. It would bo better to Bpoak of it to no one else, and to caution your wife also, otherwise you might bo detained and held as wltuens, thus causing you and your admirable wife great incon venience. You may now sign your name.' The good fellow advanced iu all good faith and wrote, quite legibly, in a Bome what sprawling hand, ' Thomas Browsfi.' Then he set his wet slouched hat on hia head and bade the lawyer good evening. John Graham sat for a long time, staring at the paper and its scrawling signature as if it had been a ghost. It might have stood for the ghost of a vanished hope to him. Tho letters of the good inan'B name senmed to dance over tho paper like black imps from hell. Ho could not sit still. The room was no longer comfortable. He paced up and down it restlessly. The face o£ all the world had changed for him in an hour. Fame, fortune, and love had bockoned him. He had hoped to gain all in gaining this case ; and now the speech, with its enthuslnam, its convincing loglo, was so much waste paper to be thrown into the firs. Oddly enough, he never thought of the man whose life and death it concerned. He thought only of himself and of one other, for he wan madly in love. The whole Halpine family were crying out for vengeance; and htB love was a cousin to the murdered man. He hoped to win Maud Halpine when ho won hia cause, so no wonder ho had pourod the eloquence of his soul into it. And it was umy wo uugiouiu& vi uiu vucauf. He took up the pieoo oi paper with tho man's ovidenoe on it. It was only a piece of paper, perishable, yet it held his fate. It was' a terrible thing to stand there alone, at night, and hold one's fate ia one's hands. No one knew of it yet. All the evidence against Bertrand had been conclusive till this. . And, after all, what was this ? It polntod at no one. It woo vague, indefinite. Who knew that this burly Bea-captain had not been too convivial among Betsey Jane's friends. How could it be known that he had not seen imperfectly when he mot tho blonde-haired stranger coming out of Hal pine'n offioe ? Why disturb the harmony of a perfeot chain of evidence with the vagaries of an unknown man ? So whispered a subtle voice to John Graham's inmost bouI. Would lie not be a fool to throw away his ohance in lifo for a drunken man's dream ? He had been oourteous enough to take it down ; that was enough. And tho man was gono for three years 1 , Threo years I What might not happen in three years ? Ho might have aohieved fame and fortune in that time. He might have won Maud Halpine and have tasted life's sweetest joys, if only this bit of paper had no existence. This blotted all out. This oame between him and all the BunBhino on the landscape of his lifo. He twisted the paper uneasily in his fingers. It seemed to burn like fire. How quiokly would it really burn—if—. Well, some men would speedily fiuish it. There waB Spencer, now, he would not be squeamish. And, after all, a man must not lose every ohance for an over-fastidious integrity. How many won fortune by a few prosperous slips from honour's open way ! Ho had always despised those men, hut now ho had a fellow feeling for them. He had never been tried and tempted as they, or ha might have fallen as they had done. How muoli easier now to burn that paper than to struggle for years with adverse fate ! to feel ever after that there had been a tide in the affairs of his life which, if taken at the flood, would have led to fortune ! He oould not lose all so lightly ; he would not ! Another moment tbe fiamesjhad seized tho slip of paper, leaping tongues of fire had oarled about it and liokod.it up. A little black tinder whirled up the ohimney like an evil spirit, and all waB gono. All but memory 1 Memory, that sweetest of frionds to the innocent, that worst of dovila to soourge the guilty, It sat by John Graham's pillow that night, and would not let him sleep. But ho mado hia speech the next day, and his fevered, restlesB state lent more fire and fever to it. He had stolen down to the wharves in the morning early, and had nHHtirnd hinianlf f.Tiitfc tho Betsu Jane was cone : so that was finished up — finialiod I He had heard somewhere, he had read,' iu & disused book, of ' tho sins that follow us.' Hia. Bin followed him to -tho court-room, where a -breathless crowd hung upon his words; where his eloquenco hushed and swayed that great mass, and he moulded their .opinions at will; for this man had not mistaken the power that was in him. 'He had the real Sre of genius. He was eloquent, yet clear and logic, il. If any had doubted Bertrand'B ? guilt beforo, they doubted no longer. The male members of the Halpine family almost broke out into audible cheers whioh ' would have been unbecoming their grief. Bertrand, a sallow little man, listened bb' to hi» death-warrant, and grow livid as death. ' I feel tho rope already around my neok,' he Baid, in a choking whiBper to his counsel ; ' yet before God, I am innocent.' How poor ond weak oeomed tho worda of tho counsel, for tho defenoo oomparod to' this. The jury did not- need to confer long on suoh an evident matter. The judge had Bummed up ' very briefly. Why, everyone had deolded. Tlio mind of tho publlo was made up. It wbb Btrango how little sympathy, had boon felt for the prisoner. It had beem rumoured that his young wife was prostrated by the dreadful affiilr. They had not been* married long, aud the . money had boen borrowed from Halpine. for tho furnishing. Tho motive for the murder wns supposed to be to get possession of this bill, that: it might he destroyed. The bill had not been found among tho murdered man's papers. That was a damning faot. So when tho terrible worda woro pronounced, when tho foreman of tbe jury had given utterance to tho awful 'Guilty' whioh must fall on a prisoner's oar with tho sound of a clod falling on hlfl.coffiu; when (ho judge, , olothed in the torrora of the law, stood up in his plane and pronounced tho sentence. ' He shall bo hangod by his neck till ho is dead, and may tho Lord have mercy on his soul,' poor Bortrand gasped, ' I hope Ho will huve inorcy, for thero i« no mercy hero.' And all around John Graham was aperfeot ovation. The curious soarcoly looked to see the prisonor pane out with weak steps, or noted whether his face was blunohed with four or whether ho bore himsulf bravely. They looked rather at the rising man, who hud spellbound them with his eloquence. Tho Halpines, especially, crowded about him, shook hauds, thanked him with efluBion. Maud's father was there. That' was the sweetest drop in this delirious draught. Sho would hear. Strange — such is tho weakness of our nature — that among that sea of faces all ready te smile on him, John Graham seemed to, see another that was not there— a ghastly, sallow faco, with the life crushed out of it with tho agoDy of death already eroeping over it — Bertrand's faoe, aa he had caught sight of It while mak'ng hia «pee ;h. It followed him to the very house of tha girl he loved, for her father took him homo to dinner ; and ho nover lost sight of it, oven when he caught the gleam of her pale-gold hair or basked in the sunny sweotsess of her eyes. ' Masterly olequenca, sir !' exclaimed Mr. Htlplno, over his class of pals sherry, at dinner. ' That did for tha rascal. Every nembor of our family is under obligation to rou ; and if I ever can do anything to idvance your interests — ' ' Oh, papa, don't talk of that awful trial 3ow 1' exclaimed Miud, with a shudder. ' Such a horrible thing ! I don't sen why it ihould havo happened in our family.' Maud was a little silly — just a little silly now and then — but then Bbe was beautiful as i white rose in the sunlight. Aud John Graham sat there, drinking in the ' cup of a ioatly death, brimmed with delirioua iraughtjj of warmest life,' ao he sipped her 'ather'a palo sherry. But when he reached home and tho glamour was gone, aud he sat once more in ;he little office whore the stranger had visited him the night before, he felt that ho iat there a haunted man ; that he could lever more lift his hand serenely in the lunehino as before without tho. shadow of something on the palm — Bertrand's blood 1 Could even Maud's lily-white hand, laid in lis, for ever wash out that foul spot ? There was time yet — time to cover himself ivith shame and dishonour ; but time to match back tho doomed life from the jaws }f death. John Graham thought of it. For full fivo minutes ho pictured the scenes — his con fession, the ecoru and contempt of thoso who bad lauded him to-day — tho ruin . of his jareer. But the man's life 1 Ab, tho man's life ! Bah 1 What would hia own life be worth afterwards? He Bhrank'away with an awful cowardice from the step howaa contemplating. No ; it was too lato ! Yet he did not feel that it was indeed too lato till the day of execution camo. He felt that he had lived ages till that hour. He saw a new wrinkle in his face, as if the strange agony had written its autograph there. And, looking in the mirror that morning, he Beemed to discern a new and furtive expres sion in hia eyeB, as if he could look no man boldly in tho face again. All that day ho walked the streets in feverish unrest. He heard tho 'extras' cried at evening, with an account of the execution and Bertrand's last words. Ber trand's last words I How well ho knew what they muat bo I Well, it was over, then. Thero was no going back now ; no room for repentance, though ho sought it with tears. He tore away his thoughts, with a great wreach, from the assailing eubjcct, and ho began to think of Maud nnd his future. Even: in those few weeks ho had felt that fame was thrust upon him, hia career was open to him.. Clients had flocked to him. His future was assured, it only Maud smiled on him. ' I say,' exolaimod aifamiliar voice at his shoulder ' I've just called at your offioe, aud here, by good luok, you are.' 'Well, Spencer,' said Graham, coming out;of his brown study Blowly, and looking at his fellow-lawyer as through a mist. ' Come, wake up, old fellow. This is an exciting day for you to go to sleep over. There's your fellow Bertrand excused, and an engagement announced of another friend of yours.' . Graham had scarcely brought his thoughts back from their wandering when ha heard these words : 'Yes; old Halplne has made a good thing of it. Ezra Collins is worth half a million. To be euro Maud's a boauty.' 'What are you mandering about?' Graham exclaimed, Bavagely. ' Why, Maud Halpine'a engagement,' Axolaimori Snanflp.r. ' ' It's been announoed for a day or two. What! havo you been Bweet in that quarter ? 'Poor fellow I Come, I'm going to the theatre to-night. Nothing like a roaring farce to dUpel grim molan choly.' But Graham exousod himself, and went home instead, He had walked all day ; he had eaten nothing, and he was too weak to walk farther. The evening paper, a haunt ing ghost, was thrust under his door. He trod on it as he went in. Of course it con tained full particulars of the exeoution. Maud Halpine lost to him I This girl, for whom he had loaded himBelf with sin given to another I For he felt now as it ths Bin had indeed been committed for hor sake — to win fame and fortune, that he might win her. He sat down weakly in hiB chair. Ah 1 if ho could have known beforo he ? had . sold his birthright of honour and integrity for amess of pottago.. Now he saw hia hopes, and drcums shattered about him, and the future desolate. The haunting shadow would walk that way beside him, aud Maud would not be there to make the sun shine. But time works wonders, and the same enchanter who, oon plant the very graves, of our beloved dead with flowers made at length a gravo for John Graham's sorrow and sin. But it waB a gravo from which a ghost arose at times — a phantom that would not bo laid. Not at the dead of night alone did this phantom appear, but in the street it followed him ; ' at tho banquet it found a seat— a grinning death's-head ' among the revellers, writing, aa at Belshazzar's feast of old, in worda visible to Graham'B eyes alone, ' Thou art weighed in the balances; and art found wanting.' ' '.' ' ' But ; time works wonders, and oven | ' ' Love itself will smile at length , j , On other loves gone from us.' . . j And John . .Graham began to forgot tho 'beaming eyes and the gleam of jMaud's golden 1 hair. Maud waB a child, and Baid trite, silly | things; bet this' woman that, ho dreamed oi i had her soaHn hor glanoo. Besides, Maud had been married moio than two years. John Graham had loft tho town whoro Bho Hived, and whero he had boon tempted and ovorcome. HiB famo had gono before him. to his new home, and he had tried to let . the dead past bury its dead. ? Ho had began a fair, now; page in tho book of life, but ho oould not tear out the blurred and blottod one — only be, looked at it as seldom as possible.': ? , All ho needed nqw to mako him happy was tho companionship, of. a good, : true-hearted .w.qwab it). ibis, borne.! - He .^ooold (n'^taiitt beauliful homo for a wifo now. Ho had prospered, and monoyhad ponrod in on him. His name Btood high in the great oity, and tho woman he loved was poor and obscure ; bo he bad little to fear. Yet what man who really loves feels no tromour; no doubt, when he has m&de; up his mind to ask tbe great deciding question ? Everything waB in John Graham's favour, yet his heart beat ' like a prisoner assailing tho bars,' as he waited for Con stancy Thome in the splendid parlour of hor employer that night. As he paced tbo velvet floor, restlessly, he thought of her as he bad always seen her, in her deep mourning— for she waa a young widow — the sombro orapo and silk only slightly subduing the splendour of her beauty. The deep blue eyes, the peach-like huo of hor cheeks, the bronzo hair, with the sunshine asleep in it; the fcrce, the character, yet the sadness of the whole face, as if it had a history, had appealed to all that was poetio or chivalrous in his nature. It waa tho kind of face to make all men knlght-errants, to kindle heroio daring, to waken noble aspirations. Never, if he could win this woman, would he sully hia hands or stain his conscience again with such deeds as — HugU ! ho would not think of it in her presence; and he heard the silken, soft rustle of her dres;. Then, as sho entered, he Baw the flush deepen on herVjheek, and it gave him oourage. Ho had pleaded many oaasea, bat none so diflioult as hi3 own. All his eloquence seemed to fall away from him in this woman's preBenoe. He was humble, as trae love always makes a man. Still, ho had deoided that he would know his fate that night. 'You are not happy hero,' ho said, ' Constance' — it was the firBt time he had aalled her by this name, and she felt a pre monition of what was to follow. ' Con stanoe, I have another situation to offer you.' Sho flushed, but only smiled. ' There is but one pupil ; he is ready to learn ; will never bo refractory. The home ia not so splendid aa this, but thero is a warmer welcome— a heart full of love for you.' 'No. Iam nob happy here,' she said; ' but I am not sure that I can ever be happy sigain.' 'Oh, you must be — you are bo young. Life did not finish for you when—' ho glanced at her black dress and paused. ' I muBt tell you my story,' she said, in an agitated voice, 'aud then you muat judge whether the— situation'^ still open to me,' with a forced smile. 'There is no need to go into the past, Constance,' Graham said. 'I am content. I know you aa you are ; that suffioes for me. Let the past, with its shadows, flee away for ever. I will take care of the future.' ' Ah, if one could,' answered ConBtance, with a shiver, ' if one could blot it all out as with a sponge 1 But it does return ; its shadows blacken all our sunshine.' Graham wondered if she had.lovedhecloBt husband so well. ' You and all other happy people cannob understand my words,' she said after a moment'spauso.seemingto bring herthoughts back with an effort from some far- off point to which they had travelled. 'I must toll you my story.' ' If you must then.' ' Yes. They do not know is he're. It might have been in the way of my getting tho situation. You pity mo here. Well, it ia infinitely bettor than I ever had beforo my. hnsband met me. I was an orphan without relative. He pitied me so that he was ready to do anything to rescue me' from such a life. He was only a' clerk, and should not have burdened himself with a wife, but he risked all for me. He took a little cottago in the suburb of a neighbouring town. In waa furnished in the simplest manner, but it seemed paradise to me. The rosea at the window — ah, me ! will any other roses ever smell as sweet?' and the speaker grew silent, and Beemed lost in a painful dream. John Graham moved uneasily. These, memories maddened him. Ho would gladly have cut them short If he could. After an uneaav moment of waltinor. he could not refrain from Baying — ' And you loved him bo much, Constance ; this man who was so happy as to find you first?- Do not make me .envy him In hia grave,' She looked at him, and a ghastly, ptllor seemed to blanch her cheek. ' Envy hlm l Oh, heaven 1 and he died on the scaffold 1' Then a hush like death seemed to fall upon them; and when John Graham strove to speak his rigid lips would form no words. ^ 'Yes. I see you are frozen with the horror of it 1' cried Constance, passionately. ' I knew I had only to tell my Btory, and all men, and women too, would fall away from me, the murdorer's wife. My poor Loula! I : knew he waa innocent, but I could do nothing. The maddening thought prostrated me. As tho trial went on I grew more and more oblivious. Was it kind, providential, aB tho good people say, that even my puny help waa made unavailing ? I lay scorched with fever whila my husband's life was -aworn away. I was raving in delirium the day, tho fatal day of his .execution, and for weeks after.' An awful horror began to creep through: every vein of the man who liatened to tbese passionato words. The womanjthaUhe loved, who waa she ? Ho tried to ask the question, but once more his lips refused to speak, His brain whirled so that he could not form his thoughts into words. Ho waited, then, in the same stony silenee. Aud Mrs. Thome looked at him curiously, with a sinking of the heart. She was not indifferent to him. . 'In face, in mind, and manner, he was Infinitely above the plain young man who had won her girlish hand. ' . A painful tremor ran through her voice when Bhe spoke again, . ' ' Ah, I feared your: love oould not stand this test — to '»ke the widow of a man who died on the soaffold to your heart and home. And you are right. - ! oould never be , as bright and gay aB others, . This has branded my heart as with a red-hot Iron.' Graham had collected himself by this time. 'You are wrong,' he Baid,- with a painful offort. and his voice sounded afar off. - ' I love yon. Let all this be forgotten.' ^ ' ' What, though I should tell you my true name? Though I should say I was Bertrand's wife?' she nttered in glad sur prise. ' You heard of tho trial ?' ; Bertrand's wife 1 the woman he had so foully - wronged ! Oould ho, lako her to his heart. Would not the- phantom rise at this and-haunt him for ever? ' And yet eoald he not make somo repara tion, by taking this woman and. chorishing hor tenderly? He had mado her life deso late. Oould Ao not make the rost so bright with affeotion that the shadows of tho past would be forgotten ? Liko lightning theso thoughts flashed through his mind, andhe spoko again with a voico that was low but firm. ... , ? : ? ?? ' Constance, I love you.E3 Nothing that has happenod, nothing that oan happen, will ohange that iaat. Many an innocent man baB died on the soaffold. God forbid that we should Iobo our future for that.' i Ifyoa :oare enough for, mo — if. you oan take pity. on m0—'. -U. ... ?' i. ' 'Ah, no,' replied Oonsianoei with a sad smilo, ' it is you who take pity on me, I havo no dower to bring bat a tarnished' name.' 'I am glad to give you another,' re sponded Graham, .with an answering smile. ;' 'Not that poor Louis ever did an unworthy aotion,' Constanoo went on, eagerly. ' He was the victim of oireumBtantial evidence ; and tbe other side had a most eloquent lawyer — I forget his name.' Of oourse, he believed Bertrand guilty.' ' Lot us talk no more of it,' oried John Graham, with an aohing ' heart. 'Lot us nover speak of it again. It is over now — finished irrevocably. We havo oar future now to think about, for I will not allow yon. to stay here much longer. I have wasted too much time already, waiting : for the one woman who is to orown.lny lifo.' And from that moment the talk grow moro lover-like, though all tbe musio of it was in the minor key, and the Bbadow of that Boaffold was thrown over it all. John Graham, walking home under the dear, starlit sky, hearing the frosty pave ment oliok sharply under his step, suddenly remembered what night it waa. Just three years ago he had obosen bis path, when chance, or Providence had suddenly placed bis fate in bis band. Yes, three years ago to-night tho barly oaptain had Btood in his offioe, dripping from every lock of 'his lank bair, and told bis simple story. Three years ago, and to-night he was pledged to the wifo of liia victim. Ab, what a word— viotim !; Why should that ugly word have intruded on hia thouehtB? He sterined into a grander offioe now than the one in which he had fought his battle with Apollyon, and lost. A' pleasant light was diffused through it ; a beautiful fire in a low- down grate gave a rosy wormth to it. As Groham threw- himself into a luxurious arm-chair his hand touched a letter lying on the table. ' He took it up, and saw that the postmark was from his old home. It was in Spencer's handwriting, and enclosed another — 'Here ia a letter which has been lying for some weeks in the dead letter offioe, and out of pure good nature I send it to' you. It may contain something important. — some newa of property that may help, tho poor young woman. Sho disappeared ' from these parts so long ago that there is now but a faint rumour that she is living under, a feigned name where you are 'lost in the darker depths of some great town.' So I thought that as you had helped her poor husband out of the world — right enough it served him, of , course — you would perhaps hunt her ug, and send her the enolosed.' The enolosed was a large, somewhat soiled-looking letter, directed to .'Mis. Louis Bertrand.' 'I will give ifc to Constance to-morrow night,' he said, as he put it in his pocket. 'How Spencer would open his eyes if he knew the true state of the oase.' , . . , ; .; And then he began to think how the. community in general at bis old homo would open their eyes, and what tongues would wag over this strange marriage. ' It will be a nine days' wonder, and then it will die out,' he said. No one will know that I am trying to make an atonement.' Graham suddenly reoolleoted the letter the next night when he had been talking with Constance for an hoar. ' Oh, here is something for you,' he said, handing it to her, and explaining the oironm stance of its ooming. 'I hope it is only gooa nowB. ' My good news oomes always from you,' Constance answered, taking the letter oare- ? lessly, with a smile. ' Oh, you must opon it. I am ourions about yonr correspondents,' Graham said. So Oonstanoe opened it, and, looking at her while she read, John Graham saw her faoe pale before his eyes, and a low ory eaoapedher lips. 'What is it?' ho cried, Bpringing up. ' Any badnewB?' Constanoo had risen too. She stood there proudly, with a strange expression in her v eyes. 'Bead it,' she said, holding the letter towards him, ' and judge for, yourself.' Graham took the letter meohanioaliy, wondering why he.shonld read it. The writing, was stiff and oonstrained — an almost illegible' hand. But ho was a lawyer, and aooustomed to deoipher everything. Thus it : ran: — ' ; ' Bespeoted Madam, — I feel it my bounflen ' dooty to make known, to you, tho' too late to save him ,»s is gone, a faot or two, whioh likewise I commooniokated to a lawyer — John Graham' by name— as proved a damned raakil. I beg your pardon, but the thought: on't riles me beyant expression. For I went to him the night afore, and took my affidavy, as well he knows, how I seen another man : comin' out of Halpine's at a certain hour, as stands to reason were nqt your good .man at all. for ho had y aller hair .and blue eyes, as' were a . suspicious oiroumstanoe, .and ought ter have bin followed up. It was put down in black and white, and 'ho. said . it would stand. So I wont off on along oruise with a quiot heart, and, when I arrives the other day, I hears that your .lamented , husband is ' exeouted, aud no mention made of anybody - elao, or auspioion, or nothin' about that ohap I seen oomin' out. In short, that ere lawyer, John Graham, bad cooked np his case afore be seen me, and he warn't gojn' to spile it' with tho truth. Ha's a willin', nnd ef ever I meet him I'll tell him so;,and of ho oan bo tried 'or it, I'll present him, for he murdered your husband as surely as that other feller did Halpine. So, no more at present from ' your friend and well-wisher, ' Thomas Bbowsb.' : L'ng before be had finished this lettor John Grabam' felt the hot blood surging to' his head and a strange singing in hiB ears. ' He knew whose eye was upon him, and lie quailed utterly. He dared not look np. : ' Is it true?'' Constance said, at last, after waiting vainly for some word. '? ' It iB true 1' Graham- faltered, ' feeling' that his doom was sealed; ' ? , He had stooped to much, 'but he eonld not' lie to this: woman. He- felt that her cleat! eyes looked into bis very'Soul. ' I 'Then nothing . remains bat for yea to go,' OoDBtanoB said. in a olear voioo. ' ' /' Have you nothing1 else to say to me ?' Grabam pleaded,' iu a piteous vbice. ; « Nothing, save to advise you to leave this bity, for,- you see.'-tliia man oia spoil your.; jiraotioB,' Constanoo went on, pitilessly. ; , ' Is there ho hope, Qonstanoe,' he urged. ' i 'None;' - she. answered,- firmly. ? ' My.. Only hope is nsver-to see ;ybur fa'oo'agaih.' ' :r JohnlGrabam looked once'on tho face which wasall tho'world to him'/ and then, like Adam of old, was driven from that piiradise of lOvo for his Bin. Ho' wont out ' into the wilder ness, desolate and : bare for him for ever.' The Far West, that refuge for all,' seomed to offer a home where his fame and his infamy wore alike nnknown, and there iio lived his' life. . '? j ? : ?' ' A youno' woman who| had 'never learned :the gentle art'of oookery, boing desirous of impressing hor 'husband with her knowledge, land diligence, manages to have her kitchen, door ajar on the day after their return frora the bridal trip; and jnat as hor lord oomes ia ;from the offioe, ' exolaims loudly — 'Burr? 'np, Eliza, 'dol Haven't you wasbod. tbfli lettuoo yet ? Hero, give it to' pip ; where' i, .the soap?';*- i- — ' ' '? 