THE CITY OF MERV. (From the London Daily Telegraph.) at For many years Merv has been pro- F minent in Central Asian correspondence ti between the Foreign Offices of England and Russia, and for two generations has been a point of highest interest to Anglo Indian-statesmen. Its name has thus be- r come tolerably familiar to the public ear, but of its' actual value, commercial, a political, and strategic, only Nery inade- J quate estimates are generally current. As a matter of fact, however, the importance of the city of Merv both to England and to India can hardly be over-estimated. Not only commercially does it mark the point of junction of the three highways a of Central Asia, along which all the traffic of that vast region of necessity travels, but politically it marks the point at which the advance of Russia first infringes upon the Afghan frontier, to the injury of England in India, while strategically Merv gives its possessor an incomparable, and in fact the only, base for rapid a and effective military operations against Persia and Afghanistan. The modern city is a miserable ghost of the ancient Merv,'the acknowledged queen of Central Asia, that, with its million of inhabi tants, offered such desperate resistance to enemy after enemy eager to plunder its enormous wealth. Nor does the culti vation around it to-day bear any pro portion to the great tracts which at one time produced sufficient grain to supply all the caravans of Central Asia, and yet leave enough to feed its own dense population. Merv, nevertheless-the modern town- has to-day an importance to which in the olden days of its splen dour it had never attained, for it is the last stronghold of the brave Turkoman tribes, who are themselves the last bar rier to the fulfilment of Russia's scheme i for dominating Asiatic public opinion and for unseating England from the supreme position she now holds in the native mind of all the east. The Turkomans themselves, the Tekkehs of Merv, understand to the full the importance of their chief town. Years ago, when they foresaw the 1 advance of Russia, they abandoned their differences with their neighbours the Akhal tribes, and while they promised to join the latter to fight the invaders on the threshold, Merv was decided upon as the point for the last joint stand. Guek Teppeh, Tejend, and Merv were the three sites selected for giving battle to' the Russians, but it was at Merv that the great and final effort to repel the Cossack wave was to be made. Some twenty pieces of artillery of strange patterns, the spoil of early battles with the Persians and other neighbours, were duly installed upon the primitive, but not inefficient earthworks of the Merv fort, and within the last earthe Turkomans have consider ably increased the strength of their stronghold. In a single day 20,000 fight ing men could concentrate upon this point, and local resources would amply suffice to supply this fort, or four times its number, with food for many weeks. The present city stands on lower ground than old Merv, but it possesses in the numerous watercourses that intersect sur rounding fields a means of defence which even in Turkoman hands might prove sufficient to foil an attack. Were these aqueducts allowed to overflow and flood the ground the passage of artillery would be impossible, and of cavalry most dan gerous, while the Turkomans, armed with rifles-converted many of them by their own hands from old weapons into more improved patterns-and entrenched be hind their mud walls, might inflict very. serious loss upon the approaching enemy. This enemy they used always to look for fronm the west, but of late their eyes have turned northward towards the Oxus and Chaijui. Having formerly been under the authority of Khiva, it was natural that they should look in that direction, but more recently the gradual fortification of the Oxus by the Russians, and the great strength to which Chaijui was at taining, gave additional and very forcible reasons to their glances of alarm turning to the north. The steamers which have now been for some years plying on the Oxus have been steadily supplyingChaijui, the terminal fort, with all the muni tions of war and the concentration of troops in its neighbourhood, especially of the light irregular horse which Russia has been so largely, raising, threatened Merv i with constant danger. Chaijui to such a force is not a week's distance from MerA, and the apprehensions of the Turkomans for their capital were therefore well founded. Once driven from that town they would have but little chance of re gaining possession, for the Russian artil e lery could in ten days be brought up from e Uhaijui, and;Russian:engineersiwould very e soon make the city of Merv impregnable , by an unskilled enemy. Russia would then be within a fortnight's distance of n Herat, and not only nearer by a hundred d miles to that great fortress than are the ,d English frc€'ds at Kan&ahar; or at Cabul, but the fast resources of transport which the conquest of derv would place at their disposal would give the Cossacks such an advantage iri the- race for "the key of Cabul" as would double the difference in distance already in their favor. 