LAYING TOE FOUNDATION-STONE OF THE NEW CATHEDRAL. On Tuesday week the ceremony of formally inaugurating the erection, by the Anglican community in this diocese, of a new Cathedral, took place in Perth. In our leader of last week we crave a full account of the origin of the movement, and it is therefore unnecessary to allude further to this point again. Suffice it to say that the assemblage of Churchmen on Tuesday afforded gratifying testimony to the deep interest that is taken by all classes in the work that has been commenced, and gives ground for belief that the munificence and devotion that have brought the building to its present stage will not stop short of completing it as a worthy House of Divine Worship. The Service was announced to commence at four o'clock. Some time before that hour thesite began to be occupied by those who were anxious to procure a good position for viewing or taking part in the proceedings. A marque had been erected over a spacious platform, which covered the eite of the chancel; the foundation stone being suspended at the junction of the chancel and north-transept. On this platform seats were reserved for the most distinguished visitors. Among the occupants we noticed Lady Robinson, Lord and Lady Gilford, Sir L. S. Leake, Mr. J. H. Thomas, and Colonel Harvest. The upper part of the nave was reserved for the girls of the Bishop's College and the children of the Sunday Schools. A considerable crowd assembled before the service commenced, and we should think there were at least 600 present during the proceedings. The afternoon was one of intense sultriness ; a scorching hind wind rendered the atmosphere of the marque almost suffocating, and made the proceed ings, and especially thf- Bishop's lengthy address appear intolerably tedious. Precisely at four o'clock His Excellency, accompanied by the Chief Justice and the Private Secretary, arrived at the gate, and was received by a procession, composed of the Vestry, Churchwardens, and Members of Committees, followed by the Choir, Clergy, and Bishop. 'The Mayor of Perth and Suite ' figured in the programme, but were conspicuous by their absence. The proces sion at once started towards the stone, Ringing the Hymn, 'The Church's one Foundation.' The singing lacked steadi ness and volume, and in fact the dignity of the whole proceedings would have been much increased if a little more pains in preparing the choir and others who took leading parts in the ceremony had been evidenced. The services at the Cathedral are conspicuous, we are sorry to say, by their lack of congregational heartiness — a defect to which both the Bishop and the Governor alluded in their addresses. It might have been well on the present oc casion to have made such arrangements as would have rendered the ceremonial a really stately and imposing one, but the opportunity was lost We may be pardoned for expressing our regret at this stage that not one of the Clergy attached to the Cathedral is musically inclined. Should, as the Bishop hopes, a Chapter be shortly formed, we trust that ability to fittingly lead the musical portion of the Church's services will be deemed a sine qu& non on the part of at least one of its members. As soon as the procession had gained the marque and His Excellency had been led to his appointed seat, the Psalms Her Foun dations are upon the Holy EUls, and O how amiable are Thy Dwellings! were sung, the choir being accompanied by Captain Wilkinson on the harmonium, which was placed on the platform. Some versicles, the Our Father, and four collects then were said. The Les&on; from the second chapter of Haggai was read by the Archdeacon, and part of the 136th Psalm (O give thanks unto the Lord), was then sung. The Bishop then gave an address, which, considering the temperature, was un mercifully long. He 6aid he would not enlarge upon the higher motives which had influenced them in commencing this work. He had heard even before bis departure from England that a wish had been expressed either to improve the present building or to erect a fresh one in its stead. On his arrival bore he came to the conclu sion that the latter was by far the wiser course, as, by altering the present building, the risk would be incurred of breaking up the congregation. In. the earlier ages of Christianity the Churches were necessarily plain and simple. As civilization advanced and wealth increased, it was felt that the Houses of God should become more comely and beautiful. It was this feeling that had caused the present work to be commenced. In ancient times the Cathedral was the only parochial church of the diocese. When it lost this distinction it still retained a prominent position, as being the seat of the Bishop and the most learned of his clergy, whose lives, history would prove, were most, laborious. During tbe past two or three centuries our Cathedrals had ceased to some extent to be the centres of the administration of the diocese, but in the present age they were beginning to assume their former prominence. Their own Cathedral was already in a measure the centre of the work of the diocese, and he trusted it would become still more so. At present the Cathedral had no Chapter attached to it, but he hoped this want might one day be supplied. He wished that in the new build ing the services might be more attractive. The daily services were at present poorly attended, but the success of their work greatly depended on the intercessions that should be offered up there. .£7,000 bad already been given towards the building. He could not but allude to the unostentatious and munificent donation of Sir Luke Leake of JE2.000, given in such a way that a further similar sum was raised in six months' time. There was scarcely a member of the congre gation who had not done something. The ladies of the choir had also rendered valuable assistance by conducting bazaars and concerts in behalf of the Fund. At present they would only proceed with the nave and transepts, for which JE1000 more would be required, but he did not doubt that the amount would be forthcoming, as well as the .£2,500 needed to finally complete the edifice. His Lordship concluded by requesting the Governor to lay the stone. His Excellency made a few brief and appropriate remarks, observing that the Bishop had left little for him to say. Though gladly consenting to discharge the duty that had devolved upon him to-day, he would have felt pleasure if it had fallen to the lot of the gentleman (Sir Luke Leake) to whose munificence it was owing that the erection of tbe building had reached its present stage. He concurred with the Bishop's remarks as to the necessity of making the Services more attractive. He alluded to the want of material for Church choirs throughout the colony, and said that he considered the deficiency arose through the children in our public and Sunday schools being taught to sing by ear instead of by sight. He was glad to think that in this colony there had been none of the acrimonious discussions on religious worship that had taken place elsewhere, and would hope that the new Cathedral would ever be an example of all that was moderate in doctrine and pure in teaching. Mr. Jewell then produced a bottle containing copies of the newspapers of the day, with the various coins of the realms, together with parchment documents setting forth an account of the operations to the present time and a list of the leading Government and Church officials. The latter were read m extenso by the Reverend James Alien, a tedious proceeding that might well have been dispensed with, seeing that printed copies of these documents had been widely distributed among the congre gation. The bottle having been laid in tli-? aperture prepared for it, a silver trowel, with a suitable inscription, was handed to His Excellency, aud the stoiie was lowered to its position under the superintendence of Mr. JewelL His Excellency, giving it the customary taps, f hen said : — ' I lay this Stone as the Corner-stone of a Church to be here erected by the name of St. George's Cathedral Church, to be devoted to the Service of Almighty God, according to the doctrine, discipline, and worship of tbe Anglican Branch of the Church of Christ ; ' the Bishop adding, ' In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' The Hymn, 'O Lord of Hosts, Whose Glory fills,' was then sung, during which the Churchwardens and Vestrymen collect ed the offerings, the almF-l-ags being after wards laid on the St-ui-_'. The amount collected wae only £l-*. The Blessing, pronounced by the Bishop, closed the proceedings. Tbe new edifice will be a substantial brick edifice of Gothic design. It occupies a site nearly in front of the old building, whose dimensions it will not, we believe, greatly exceed. A short description ot the plan, measurements, and intended appear ance of the new building might with advantage have been published before the ceremony. 