YOUNG IRELAND: A FRAGMENT OF IRISH HISTORY.* [BY SIR CHARLES GAVAN DUFFEY, K.C.M.G.J CHAPTER IV.-A BIRD'S-EYE VIEW OF IRISH HISTORY.-(CONTINUED.) "While the submission of O'Neill was being con pleted James I., came to the throne. There was great joy in Ireland at the accession of the young King of Scots, for while ho was still a pretender he had assiduously cultivated the goodwill of the Irish, as a prince of their own Milesian stock, and .the son of a queen who was reputed to have died a martyr for tho Catholic faith. Now, it might bo hoped, tho nation would have fair play, at least, and even perhaps a gleam of court favour But his English councillors know that he could scarce hold tho English throne if he made conces sions to Ireland, and one of his earliest acts was a proclamation announcing that liberty of con science he could not grant. But though religious liberty must be refused, English law would be in troduced to every part of the island, the sword be ' sheathed, and every man indiscriminately taken into thc favour of the king's majestie.+ In this happy era tho Irish woro destined to learn hov much more destructive an instrument than th sword that was sheathed is tho inkhorn, when it is placed on the council-board to frame Acts c Parliament, and Orders in Council. Though gal , lant adventurers could no longer, in tho languag of the Pacata Hibernia, " have th« killing of som Irish" aa a morning's pastime, they might still if they wore skilful, enjoy much tho samo recrea tion, in tho way of devisiugbeneficial measuresfo tho country. . \- Before quitting the Middle Ages it will be in structivb to note, that during tho era of th Tudors, their agents in Dublin Castle habitual!; practised arts which wo aro taught to associab exclusively with italian nobles and Eastern des ?nota. To cut off dangerous chiefs somo wen trapped by proffers of friendship and made pn sonar.-] for life, some wero poisoned with gifts, ol wino or food sent to them with profuse pledges o fi iendship ; others were slaughtered on their owr hearths in the exereiso of hospitality to theil assassins, and many wero inveigled to public coil' ferencos that they might be moro conveniently murdered in batches. Not the Irish annals alone but tho State papers of the poriod supply conclu sivo evidence of this system, and of the oflicial authority under which it was practised, ft helped; doubtless, to stamp on the nativo mind an ideal of Sassenach duplicity which Englishmen find revolting and incredible. In the transactions now to bo briefly described; and which form tho foundations of our modern history, English writers in general are agreed that tho paramount nation exhibited sinijulai wisdom and benevolence. Through constantly changing and troubled times they were always right ; right when they did in Ireland the exact ? reverse of what they were accustomed to do at home; right, by a singular good fortune, when they disregarded rules of morality and justice, which elsewhere are of permanent authority. Lord Bacon was of opinion that a largo settle ment of English husbandmen in Irelandj able to guard as well as to till the land, would help to secure the interest of tho Crown; the only ques tion was where to plant therm. O'Neill and Tyr connell had proved dangerous adversaries : they possessed a fertile territory, and as their "loose order of inheritance " had been duly changed into "an orderly succession," they wero quite ripo for confiscation. But they had been ostentatiously received into favour at the close of tho late war, and some decent pretence for destroying them so Hoon was indispensable. It was found in a letter conveniently dropped in tho precincts of Dublin Castle, disclosing a new conspiracy. Of a con npiracy there was not then, and ha3 not been cinco discovered, any ovidenco worth recording ; but whare so noblo a booty waa to be distributee! I by tko Crown, ono can conceive how ill-timed and disloyal any doubt of their treason would have ap peared at tho Court of -James, or of the Lord Deputy. They were proclaimed traitors, and fled to the Continent to solicit aid from the Catholic powors.f Without dolay James and Iiis coim aellors set to work. Tho King applied to tho City of London to take up tho lands of tho wild Irish. They were well watered, he assured them, plenti fully supplied with fuel, with good storo of all tho necessaries for man's sustenance ; and moreover yielded timber, hides, tallow, canvas, and cordage for the purposes of oouimoriio. Tho Companies of Kkinnors, Fishmongers, Haberdashers, Vintners, and the like thereupon became Absontoo Proprie tors and havo drawn Irish rents from that day to this. Six counties in Ulster wero confiscated, and not inoroly tho chiefs, but the entire population ilispoKoasod. Tho fruitful plains of Armagh, the rich jvastoral glens that lio botween the Bholtering hills of Antrim, tho undulating meadow lands stretching by tho noble lakes and rivers of Fer managh, passed from the race which had pos .sossed them Bince boforo tho redemption of man kind. It is not difficult to soo in imagination the old race, broken by battlo and suffering, and de * Tho ripjht of rcpublish-inf* " Yoniur Iroland : A fros .mont of Irish History," iu Now South Walos, Quoonn Uíiiiíl, TitBiimuin, and Now Zealand, hiiN bonn purolinsod by tAho proprietors of tho TOWN AND OOUKTHT JounNAn. t Sir John Davioa. It was nt tho opoiiint; of this now «tusivo admission roBardlnp tho previous government of itho country, quoted in R previous noto. t In hi« " FI iirli t of tho Karls" tho Ko v, C. V. Meehan lian paluiod with piin-ulav power and leoline tho advon .turcH of O'Neill and his aPBocmten nfc fovoten courtH, bo oooohinjr holp in vain ; till at loncth weary of tho hopeless task on« after anothor laid down his woury hoad in a foreign grave. It limy ho noted that tho preciso oflonoo nm pu tori to tho cliiefs to jUHtify an enormous confiscation ?wan soliciting aid n^-abist their lawful sovoroipn from 'Phillpof SpnV.i. Jumos, whoooiiKidorodthinoiïonuo worthy of so siirnal a punishment,roooivod iifrents in his own Cour t from tito Notlierlnndu, «olicitiiiK his aid uiminfct the Ramo "Philip, who was tho lnw.'ul Hovereten .of IMiiiulors und 13ra fiimit quito nu much IIB JIUHÖH WUK lawful Koverolsu of Tvrono nr Tyrnouni'll. Hut AJUO lourun from ii itturly of Amrlo-Iriflli hickory io dlHcrinrinaUj. Wlinn a Ontholio natío» invito» «lio nssistanco of ii Catholic prince, tliojr nro tperrerso robnl« properly piiiiif-'licil with A1io hcavlojit -.'PiialtioB ; hut whon a Protestant nation invites tho un . 'Hlanoo of a Protestant priuoothoy uro (ronoroua patriots, .>' ndloatinar tho rights of consoionoo and of thoir nativo country. priver!, by 'a trick of State, of thoir heredita: chiefs, retiring1 slowly and with bitter bear beforo the stranger. TJio alluvial lauds wo given to English courtiers whom the Scotch kir found it necessary ;to placate, and to Scotch pa tisans whom ho dared not reward in Englan The peasants driven out of the tribal lands burrow in the hills and bogs were not treatt according to any mw known among civilised me Under Celtic tenure the treason of the chief, if 1 committed treason, affected them no moro tho the offences of a tenant for life affect a reomind< man in1 our modern practice. Under the feudi system they were innocent feudatories who woul pass with the forfeited land to the Crown, with a thoir personal rights undisturbed. It was in th manner that tho famous Plantation of Ulster wi founded. Tho method of settlement is stated with con mendablo simplicity by tho latest historian. Th "plantators " got all tho land worth their havinj what was not worth their having-tho barro mountains and trackless morass, which after tn centuries still in many cases yield no human foo -wore left to those who, in tho languago of an A( of Parliament of tho poriod, wore " natives of th realm of Irish blood, being dosconded from thoE who did inherit and possem tho land." Tho cor liscatod territory amounted to two millions c acres. " Of these a million and a half," stiys> M Froudc, " bog, forest, a^d mountain wero restore to the Irish. The half million acres of fertile lan were settled with families of Scottish and Englin Protestants." Tho natives were not altogethc content with this arrangement, and their poi versity has boen visited with eloquent censure b indignant critics down to our own day. Thoro i reason to believe, however, that if a settlement r Irish Catholics had been made in England b, Mary or James II., on whom tho best lands c Norfolk and Suffolk, Essex and Sussex, Kout an Surrey, were bestowed, whilo the English wer loft only the forest, mountain, and morass, tba that just and temperate people would not hav entiroly approved of tho transnction, and migh oven bo tempted to call it in question when ai opportunity offered. Tho newcomers have been painted in unfavom able colours by critics not unfriendly to the plan tation. In many cases they were good soldiers o skilful husbandmen, who under moro favourabl conditions would have boen an element of strengtl to tho country. But tho settlement bad tho feve of (usurpation upon it. Tho rightful owners wen forthcoming, and tho planters held by no higho title than naked force ; good as fong as forco wai on their side, but no longer. Pencos were erected fruit trees planted, simple churches built, ant after a time white-walled bawns rose in tin midst of waving corn-fields and rosy orchards. I was a pleasant sight to soe ; but within a, gun shot of the gay harvest and garden, tho reniñan of the native race, to whom tho land had descend« since the Redemption, were pining in misery ant bitter discontent. Thc barren hills or frozen bogi to which they were banished yielded littlo fooc except the milk of thoir kine. " The mountainy men," so the new settlers contemptuously narnet thom, would have been more magnanimous thar any raco who have lived on this globe, if thei acquiesced patiently in the transfer. Tiley coule not forgot, any moro than their kinsmen in tin Scottish Highlands, that Tho fertile plain, tho softened vale Yforo unco tho birthright of tho Onol.* If their efforts to " spoil tho spoiler," * anti " from tho robber rend his prey," * do not thrill sympathetic boudoirs, and if the scenes of theil exploits are not the annual haunt of sentimental tourists, it is not because the exploits were dif ferent from those so favoured, but because an adequate poet has not yet arisen to intorpret them to mankind.f Tho abolition of the loose method of inheritance (by which Irish lands used to pass to the right owners) was followed by another amelioration, without which it would have been incomplete. When a Catholio proprietor died leaving children under age, tho king, like a true father of his people, undertook tho charge of tho orphans. A Court of Wards was established for tho purpose, and as James could not get a wife out of Spain for his son, on which condition ho was ready to "kiss the Pope's pantoufle," ho became an ardent Reformer, and it was ordered that tho children should be strictly educated in tho Reformed re ligion. If they wore girls they were provided with Protestant husbands by .TamcB or Bucking ham. This device proved a moat successful stroko of State policy, and with tho favours and blandish ments of tho Court judiciously distributed, did moro than tho laws of Hem y and Elizabeth to win over the old families. Education is stronger than natural instincts or inhoritod opinions. Tho Janissaries were (3hristian orphans trained to bo Mussulmon by tho Sultan, and tho most remorse less enemies of tho Celt in tho next geuorat jon were O'Briens and Butlers, Fitzgeralds and Bnrkos, who became more English than the English themselves. The experiment in Ulster naturally provokod imitation. Charles I*, was as cager to plant as his father. Ho was represented in Ireland by n. trenchant Lord Deputy, remembered in that country as "Blaok Tom " and nioniorabloin Eng lish history as Thomas Wontworth, Earl of Straf - ford. Wontworth rosolvcd to inako a settlement in Connaught to rival tho settlement in Ulster. The first business was to clear out the owners in possession. Tho wildest inventions in Candide, intended to illustrate human absurdity and wicked ness, will not match the pretences on .which the forfeiture of those estates was founded. In tho previous reign, when the king substituted "au orderly succession " for tho Celtic method, the Connaught proprietors had duly submitted and paid him a heavy lino to have thoir new pntonts enrolled in Chancery. Tho officers of the Com wilfully or ignorantly, omitted to make tho prop entries in their books; and ibis misfeasance w declared by Court lawyers to have forfeited tl lands of the province to the king. It is a maxi that no man can profit by his own fraud ; bi maxims are not made to bind sovereign prince As tho blessing of English law had been extend( to the whole nation, it was necessary that th opinion should bo confirmed by tho judgment < a Court and the verdict of a jury. If a dozen . his fellow countrymen found a Connaught pr prietor's title bad, calumny itself must be mut Wentworth marched to the West at the head < a formidable military force, as " good lookers-on, ho said, and accompanied by tho necessary retint of judges and lawyers to perform tho judiéis ceremony. Some of the junes wore frightene into verdicts; some wore wheedled into thom, fe to sharpen tile persuasive power of tho judge Wentworth secretly gave theso learned persoi ages a percentage on tho forfeitures. Eut i Galway the juries were of opinion that, notwitl standing the misconduct of the officers of Char cory, tho land did not bolong to the king but t the owners, and found accordingly. Wentworth' method of encountering this difficulty may bel to mitigate our surprise that the Irish people di not. cordially love, tho system of jurisprudence which has undoubtedly secured ee^ual justice t many generatious of Englishmen. The juror who found a verdict according to their conscience and not; according to the wishes of tho Loi el De puty, were immediately brought before the Cas tl Chamber in Dublin, and fined ¿24000 each an their estates seized till tho fine wau paid ; a pt nal ty the I'qniviileiil of which would improvoris' many a noblo of tho present elay. Tho sh cr il who summoned tho jurors was elealfc with in J more decisive fashion: ho was first fineel um then flung into prison, where he was-kept till h elied of the process; an example to future official to array their panels more discreetly.* Nearly a generation had elapsed since th plantation of Ulster, when the troubles befcweej Charles and his Parliament approached a criait The Scots rose against the hing nnd invado England in tho interest of the» Opposition, am Charles summoned to his aid the army whiel Wentworth maintained in Ireland ; an army ro emited in part from Irish Catholics. In tin House of Commons this piojcet evoked a stom of resistance. It. was permissible to call a öcot tish army into England, and it was a natura right, which no one would bemad enough to dis pute, to send an English army into Ireland; bu if an Irish army were brought into England, 01 any pretence whatever, that was an outrage suf ficient to release subjects from their allegiance The Irish, who did not quite see the force of thii distinction, began to bestir themselves. They heard of threats in the Commons that Popery must be extirpated ; Pym, the leader of the Puritans in the House of Commons, boasted, ii was said, that Parliament would not leave c Papist in Ireland ; thoy noticeel the successful rebellion of thc Scots, they saw their oki enemiej in conflict, anti the time seemetl propitious to re gain their ancient lands, and to. save such as remained from obsequious judges and panic stricken juries. Hoger Moore, a man greatly gifted both to project anel to persuade, and whom contemporaries of all parties pronounce of un blemished honour, brought leading men together, kindled them with his own convictions, and in flee thero was now a genuine conspiracy on foot to seize tho seat of government, and summon the Irish raco to arms. The servant of one of tho conspirators botrayeel his master, several ot the leaders were seized, and tho government of Dublin pub effectually on their guard. But tho North was beyond their control. There tho clans who were pillaged by James, or their immediate de scendants, rose on an autumn nicrht forty thou sand strong, led by Sir Pholim O'Neill and other chiefs of their own blood, drove out tho English and Seotoh Bottlers, and repossessed themselves of their ancient tribal lands. This is the tran saction known to English writers as the " Great Popish Rebellion," and tho " Popish Ma-saere." By whatever contumelious nickname it may be branded, what happeneel in Ireland is what would have happened in any branch of the human family. When a favourabe opportunity offered they "spoiled tho spoiler." So the! Saxons dealt with their Norman conquerors, its far I as their power and opportunity permitted, and tho Dutch with their Spanish conquerors, anel tho ( Seicilians with their Eremch conquerors. Though there were dreadful excesses coipinittod by both parties in the end, it is certain jboyond all con troversy, that tho first aim of tho Irish was to regain their own without any sacrifice of life. On tho night of tho rising, and during tho six days that followed, only ono man was killed; a fact whioh stamps with complete certainty their original purpose. When blood is shed it is like kindling the prairie ; no one can any longer pre tend to limit tho devastation. But there were some signal instances of moderation; certain priests it is recorded, concealed fugitives under their altars ; * and a bishop of tho Protestant Establishment, who had distinguished himself by humano conduct in his day of power, was per mitted in tho very focus of tho inaurection, to fill his houBe with English settlers, and shelter them from all molestation. The contemporary accounts of the transaction are quito as untrust worthy as tho narratives of Titus Oates and his confederates. TJie settlers depended absolutely on tho support of England for maintaining their position. Many of them had sulfured greyiously, and tho remainder woro in danger of losing tho fruit of all their toil and enterprise. What sort of stories they sent to Westminster under such circumstances, to inflamo tho zeal of their par tizans, may bo concoivod. All Puritan England was roady to believe, and cager to hear, new marvels of Irish iniquity. Pious tears and rage wore excited by a description of tho ghosts of murdered Protestants appearing in broad day light, (tay af! or day, tm tho bridge of Portudown, wringing their hands and uttering piercing shrieks for an avenger. Ono peculiarly stubborn ghost held his ground for moro than a month. A bishop was among the witnesses of .these impres sive facts ; which exhibited, as one. nan conceive. Heaven itself among the allies of the plantatoro. Tho theory finally adopted, by English and Anglo-Irish writers generally, with respect to thia transaction, when the clouds of prejudice and misrepresentation woro blown away, is perplexing to human reason. To SOÍKO the hereditary landa . of the Irish race, and drivo out tho inhabitants from tlio pastoral valleys and rich alluvial plains which they and thoirs had enjoyed since the dawn of history, was a wiso stroke of ßtatesman ship it Rooms; but to sou zo tho same lands occu pied for a singlo generation by English settlers, and drive out tho inhabitants, in order to replace tho original population in their own possessions, was a crime of iucrediblo greed and cruelty. Fairly judged at this day, it must bo admitted that tho transfer of the laud back to its original owners, was mado with as little pronieditnted violence ns in any agrarian revolution with which it can be fairly brought into comparison. Bloody reprisals wero tho custom of tho age. In tho Netherlands, in Italy, and in France, tho faction of tho Catholics and the faction of tho Reformers killed and ravaged without remorse. That a race whoso chiefs had been trapped like wild beasts, or assassinated in the very offices of hospitality, among whom the tragedy of the Pacata Hibernia, and the kindred tragedy of the Plantation wore performed, should have been strung into no deadlier a humour will be for ever a marvel to men who have studied human history and human nature. The outrages shamefully exaggerated were no part of the original design. The rising when it fell under the guidance of Roger O'Moore, finally swelled into a revolution, had its parlia ment at Kilkenny to which Charles sent ambassa dors, and its armies in the field, to which in the end, he would gladly have committed his cause, and conducted its measures with notable clemency and moderation.f lu tho Irish Parliament, called tho Confedera tion of Kilkenny, the Catholics of both racos were fully represented. Owen O'Neil, known in Irish , annals ns Owen Roe, a soldier who had acquired skill and experience in tho armies of Spnin, came to the aid of his countrymen. Throughout the war he exhibited sagacity, soldiership, and pa triotism, but ho was constantly thwarted by tho Anglo-Irish, who woro more solicitous for tho security of Charles than for the rights of tho na tion. It is the glory of Hampden and Falkland to have loved England better than they loved tho king; and Owen Roo certainly loved Ireland bettor than he loved the king. The Pope sent a nuncio to aid tho Irish with his advice, and with tho nuncio came some help in money and arms. It is nob necessary to follow through its varying fortunes a war which tho Confederate Catholics maintained for six stormy years.f They woro fighting for freedom of conscience, as tho Scots at the same time were fighting foi* it; ns tho Dutch, somewhat earlier, had fons ht for it. They did not succeed in escaping from bondage, but the wrath of thoir keepers at tho attempt deserves tho sympathy of mankind m the sumo measure as- the rage of a slave- driver whose tranquility has bpon disturbed by unexpected resistance to tho lash.' When Charles was deposed and executed. Crom well carried his yictoripus army across tho Channel to ponquer Ireland for tho Commonwealth. |¿ia campaign was as coldly mercilessas was Alva's in tho Netherlands, or Oareu/'s in Posmond. Wo are assured on high authority that ho was' in truth a humane and beneficent ruler, who only struck hard because it wns nocessnry to execute divine justice on the authors of tho trister rising. * In'purstianco of this meritorious policy ho bo Beiged Drogheda, which was hold for the king, and put to tho sword tho entire garrison, and tho population of all ages and both ^extíH, nobody being spared. Tho massacre continued for two days j it is admitted that between three and four thousand persons were butchered in cold blood ; and a score or two of tho inhabitants who alone escaped wore'sent as slaves to the tobacco plan tations. Among the garrison was an English regiment, commanded by an English cavalier, and as Drogheda always lay within the English Pale, where the native Irish wore long forbidden to inhabit a walled town, .the tradors and citizens wore almost without exception Catholics of Eng lish blood, What Cromwell actually did was to kill certain Englishmen and Anglo-Irishmen in order to punish tho offenco of O'Neills and O'reillys, Maguires and MacMahons. The ac count of tho transaction which ho sonttoEugland was that it was a righteous judgment executed *' on tho barbarous wretches who had imbued their hands in so much innocent blood." Ho re peated this lesson of divino justice at Wexford. There the garrison and population wore Irish, but Irish of the South; thero is no reason to believe that ir. contained ono soldier or citizen who had over crossed tho. Boyne, or been any moro associated with Sir PJiolim O'Neill than with Praise God Barobonos, Tho modern justifi cation for these massacras is somewhat defective in its foundation of facts.* v , , . , Ci'óínweir waB now,undispui;od niastor, and a period followed which we are exhorted to recognise as the sole era when an authontic God-given r der made divine justice provail in the land. Of his divino government of Ireland tho naked facts aro those : Two years after tho war was at an ond, and whon tho fighting mon of Ireland to tho number of 40,000 had been oncouragod to tako sorvico with Spain, ho drove out by boat of drum tho entire Catholic population of three pro vinces, excopting only hinds useful to hold the plough or herd the fioeka of tho conqueror. Agod men and women, feeble and sickly persona, many who were protected by general treatius, others who were protoctedby special terms of submission, some who had received porsonal guarantees for personal services, wero dr: ven across tho Shannon, to find a shelter if they could among tho bogs of Connaught, and their lauds divided among his soldiery. Peers and knights who had fought for tho king, to whom they had sworn allegiance, woro held by tho representative of divine justine to h'avo incurred this penalty. If they returned they becamo liable to bo hanged without trial. OE the children of the poorer people, seized in a rapo like Herod's, he caused 1000 boys to be sold as slaves in tho West Indies, and 1000 innocont Irish girls to be sent to Jamaica, to a fate which would scarcely bo adoquato'y avenged if the authentic rulor spent an eternity in the region to which Cavalier toasts consigned him. The admitted aim of the Lord Protector was to extirpate the Irish race, and his policy is .still known among them as the " Curso of Cromwell." If this be indeed tho art of divine (government, it was afterwards prac tised moro sucessfully in the fusillades and noyades bf the French Jacobins, and in tho Bul garian atrocities painted by a modern statesman; and it roaches ita porfection in the management of a prizo by pirates, when tho crow aro made to walk the plank, and tho booty distributed among the victors. Cromwell's conduct is still defended on the same fanatical pretences omployed to justify the expulsion of tho Huguenots from France, tho Moors from Spain, tho Jews from England, and tho Christians from Japan, and the grounds are . good for all thoso transactions, or for none of thom.f Before Cromwell's policy was carried to com plete success tho Restoration brought back the Stuarts. Charlos II. having compensated or re instated a host of Royalists ojected from their ostates in England, turned his attontion to Ire land. Tho enomios of his houso wore in posses sion of tho landB confiscated under Cromwell, and the friends of his house, the original proprietors, who were the last to lay down arms for his father, some of whjm had shared his own exile, were in penury and destitution. It was a caso needing prompt handling, and Charles handled it with unusual promptitude. To pacify tho Irish Puri tans ho confirmed the settlement of property under tho Commonwealth. That is to say, Crom well had given to his soldiers tho ostates of the Catholic gentlomen who had fought for tho houso of Stuart, and the restored houso of Stuart graciously confirmed the arrangement. Charlos would probably havo preferred doing justice, if justice could bo dono without much per sonal inconvenience. But ho loved his harlots and jesters too well to run risks ; and todo justice in this matter was made difficult by a sentiment always powerful in England; a scntimont which has created a perpetual barrier between the two nations, and which whilo it exists will never Buffer them to unite. His English parliament, crowded with Cavaliers und returned exiles, would not have helped him to displace Englishmen, though they wore Cromwollians, and to make placo for Irishmon, though thoy wero Royalists. HÍB impulso to do justice WUB afc beat not very strong; a slico of confiscated land remained at the disposol of the Crown, with whioh ho might havo made a provision for a fow moro of tho worst cuses of injustice; but hia hoart was touched with fraternal affection, and ho gavo tho bulk of it-a hundred and seventy thousand acros and upwards-not to Irish sufferers, but to his brother Jamos.t Although tho Cavalier par * Soo Cromwell'* " Declaration for tho undeceiving of doludcd people," in a noto ut tho omi of tlio chapter. t Tho diilloulty of harmonising tho opinion of two un tiona, rospoetiug representative mun, in not loss striking in thia ora than in any Mint precoded it. Thu inspired oyos which HUTV tho heavens oponed could discern nothing but ovil in Irish Catholics lighting for liberty ol con soienoo, or in Irish I'rosbjtnrians when thvy woro fcrouble aomo to Crouiwoll. Thu author of " itobiiison Crusoo," bonito dolight tho youth of all natious, ma«os it a bitter roproaoh to Oliver that ho ubundouud the ichumo he bud under consideration to oxpol tko wholo Irish raco from Ireland. t Thoro woro nonrly 8,000,000 aoros to dispoBO of without iatorforiug with Grcniwulluin occup.ttiou. Two millions and a quartor woro glvon to Irish in poasosBion, Irish of English doBoont, Irish doolnrod innooout, or savod under lianient did not; give beck their estates to its Irish allieB, it is needless to say that it did not quite overlook thom. It compelled the king to withdraw a rash indulgence by whioh they were permitted to practise their religion. It passed a Test Act, by which no person could hold any oilico, civil or military, without subscribing a de claration against transubstantiation; and as bullocks from Meath and Kildare brought down tho price of fat stock in the English market, it declared tho importation of cattle from Ireland to ba a public nuisance. _ This wnsthe reign of the "Merrie Monarch," a time of national enjoyment and revelry in Eng land, interrupted only by an English Popish plot and massacre in Ulster, over which history is so clamorous. Tho plot was the famous invention of Titus Oates ; the massacre, tho trial, conviction and murder of his victims for eighteen months ; whoso execution went on niorrily long aftor judges and juries had ceased to believe a syllablo of tho evidence. If tho Catholic king, who soon fol lowed, had boon strong and merciless ns Cromwoll, if he had slaughtered tho judges, juries, and spectators of this massacre, and their contem poraries indiscriminately for tho offence of being alive at tho period, if ho had sent men in thou sands to bo slaves in tho West indies, and women to a worse fato, ho would bo qualified to-day, doubtless, to be recognised as a benevolont agent of Divino justice. When James II. embroiled himself with his Euglish subjects by attempting to make changes by royal, prerogative, which could only bo legi timately ruado by Ácb of Parliament, ho sought support in Ireland. Tho Irish never loved James, bub his present offences woro not. such as could reasonably bo expected to move thoir indignation. Ho was a Catholic and ho sought to extend re ligious liberty to Catholics and Dissenters. If his method was harsh^and arbitrary, tho boundaries of royal prerogative were ill-defined, »nd nations havo never been slow to condone offences com mitted in thoir own interest. A littlo later tho strictest Scottish Whigs forgave William for sus pending laws by his royal authority in Scotland; though suspending laws by royal authority was tho offence for which his predecessor had boon driven from the throne. James selected as Lord Lieutenant in Iroland, Richard Talbot, the hoad of an Anglo- Norman house which still romained Catholic, created him Duke of Tyrconnell and gave him his confidence in a degroo unusual to his frigid nature. Talbot is credited with a plen tiful catalogue of vices by English writers. It is probable thatihe was boastful and profligate, and perhaps unveracious, bub he waB certainly bold, resolute, and devoted to his master, and to the nation he was sent to rule. We must judge him by his age and his cDiitemporarios. Ho was far from boing so unscrupulous a partisan as Shafts bury, tho spokesman of resistance in England, and he was a generous and chivalrous gentleman com pared to the hero of Blenheim and Malplaquct. When a conspiracy to bring in the Prince of Orange bogan to bo talked of, Talbot disarmed a large number of Protestant gentlemen, whom he suspected of sympathy with William, and armed and regimented the native population whom ho knew to bo friendly to James. What elso indeed was an agent of James to do? The Protestant gentry wero for the most part heirs of Crom wellian settlers, and hated James as a Papist, and feared him as a king who might call in question their title to their estates. They themselves had taken much stricter precautions; when they were in power, a Catholic was not permitted to possess the simplost weapon of défonce; half- a-dozen Catholics meeting in Dublin or its neighbourhood constituted an illegal assembly, and in country districts Catholics woro not allowed to leave their parish except to attend tho neighbouring market. In periods of alarm tho precaution has been taken by every Government in Ireland bofore and since; but so singular aro tho canons of criticism applicable to Irish affairs, that a noble historian who was a Cabinet Minister under Queen Vic toria, when arms wero taken from Munster Catho lics and distributed among Ulster Orangemen, treats this precaution of Tyrconnell's as a grave and exceptional offence. (TO BE CONTINUED.) Mr. W. T. Pinhoy, J.P., hold an inquiry on Friday at 31, Dalo-atroot, Chippendale, rolativo to tho death of William Nesbitt, agad 62 years, who had died suddenly on Friday morning, at his residence. The evidence given showed that Nesbitt had suffered severely for some time past from rehu- matism and rheumatic gout, and he had told his wife that he was sure it would some day roach his heart. On Friday morning ho got up, apparently in good health, and had bia breakfast. About ll o'olook ho wont to his room, and immodiatoly after wards his.wife hoard a noiso as if ho had fallon. Sho ran upstairs and found him lyin¡r on tho floor insen sible. A doctor was sont for, but before his arrival Nesbitt had expired. Mr. Pinhoy found that death had resultod from natural causea. His Honor tho Chiof Commiaaionor gavo his decision on Mondayjwith roforonoo to tho olaim of Mr. Thomas Allwricrht Dibbs on tho insolvont ostnto of Mr. G. R. Dibbs for tho sum of ¿£2-11,000, on tho joint Euroka and wharf proportios, for monoy lont to, and paid for, or ohargod against tho insolvont, for whioh a lion or ohargo was mado on tho oatatos to tho valuo of ¿£24,000. Tho aoaounta have boon boforo tho court on sovoral oooasions, and adjournments wero made on aooouut of thoir voluminous nature. His Honor lolivorod a long jadgmont, tho sub atanco of whioh waa aa follows :-1. That tho proof propounded by Thomaa AUwright Dibbs on tho footing of his affidavit sworn on tho 7th, and filed on tho 8'Ji Ootobor last, bo not admitted. 2 That liberty bo allowod to tho said Thomaa Alhvright DibbB to bring in any other olaim horoaftor in rospnot to tho wharf (known _ astjDibba'B wharf Sydnoy, as ho may bo advisod. 3. And that a claim bo ontored nH to tho gonoral aooouut to tho extent of ¿G597't 9a lld. and timo to porfoet boing oxtondod to Mardi 31,1881, upon au affidavit to bo filed stating whore and how any allogod claim or lion on Euroka waa oroatod, and plaoo a specified valno on suoh ohargo or lion in duo courao of law. provisions In tho Act of Sottlomont; to English courtiers or soldiors thoro woro givcn'iour millions and a half. Jamos got a groat slioo of tho romaindor. Soo Mr. Prondorgaat's invaluable "Cromwellian Sottlomont."i 