[?] The long-threatened brass band contest commenced at the Exhibition-building, Prince Alfred Park, on Saturday night last, was continued on Monday, and will be completed in the Masonic Hall this (Saturday) evening ; by which time * I should think the judges (Signor Giorza, Mr. Charles Packer, and Mr. Hector M'Lean) will have heard enough band music to inspire them with marches by the hundred. Somehow or another, brass bands seem inseparably connected with the open air— either with sunny Lawns, pretty kiosks, and crowds of gaily aressea reveuers, or witn. tne tortuous icngtn. oi some majestic procession. Nay, there are things far more unpleasant than to listen from the shores of Sydney harbour to the music of a band which may be accom panying a steamer- load of honest holiday folk to a picnic. In each of these cases band music, if good, sounds all the better for being played in the open ; its blare is softened, and its brassiness disappears as a thing which is not ; and if it is bad— or, not to be an absolute pessimist, I will say, not good — a false note is good-naturedly 6hrouded by its more correct neighbours ; and, 60 long as there is plenty of cornet and big drum, the band may hold its own. But indoors! Then comes the crucial test for every man in the band, and frequently, too, for every man and woman in the audience; defects magnify into horrors, and a false nete or an instrument out of tune — as it is too often the wicked way of instruments to be — stands forth in all its brazen infamy, and people who have the musical sense forget in the pain of that outrage much of the pleasure which preceded it. All this is a mere pre face to the remarks that the judges have had no sinecure, and that the fact of 23 entries dwindling down to 10 competitors proves that bandsmen them selves, unless they are confident in conscious skill, shrink from such an ordeal as the contest ?which will be concluded to-night. Last Saturday night the Exhibition-building was attended by about 1000 people, and a long programme was performed. The Cumberland Band performed, very fairly, selections from ' Lucrezia Borgia;' the Balmain Band gave the ' Maid of Athens ' march, spiritedly ; the Naval Brigade Band played selections from ' La Figlia del Reggimento ;' and the Headquarters Band evoked pleasant 'Recollections of Verdi.' The Young Australian Band played selections from ' Maritana,' the Imperial Band performed ' Martha,' the St. Leonards Band 'Trovatore,' the Albion Band 'Puritani,' the City Brigade Band the 'Dorinda' waltz, and the Balmain United Band the ' Congress ' lancers. Then four bands united, under Bandmaster Devlin, to play the 'Pinafore'' quadrilles as a finale ; and such a volume of sound blared, buzzed, and hummed, under the tin roof of the building, that even the judges must have taken away but a confused idea of the previous performances, had they not taken notes of them. On Monday night the performance was repeated, and the different numbers were almost all given in good style. The judges will have no very easy task to decide, and the band which wins the gold-mounted baton and the diamond-set gold medals which form the first prize may plume itself on its victory. Next month Mr. Fulton will give the Melbourne people a similar treat to that which he has afforded us. Miss Marie St. Clair, one of the best contraltos we have had in the colony for many years, is, sad to say, going to leave us, and settle in Queensland ; and, worse than that, is going to take her sister, Miss Madeleine St. Clair, one of the most' promising sopranos -who have made their debut on the Sydney stage. Miss St. Clair has always been ready to help other people, and now she herself is to have a farewell benefit concert, which will take place on Tuesday evening next at the School of Arts. The sisters will both sing, and Signora Fabris, Mr. Andrew Fairfax, Mr. Parkinson, Mr. Rainford, and a number of other ladies and gentlemen will help to make up an unusually fine programme. Then his Excellency the Governor and Lady Augustus Loftus, his Worship the Mayor, nearly all the resi dent consuls, and the mayors of suburban munici palities and other influential persons have given their patronage to the undertaking, so that Miss St. Clair, when in Queensland, will probably find that her fare well benefit will be one of her most pleasant memories of Sydney. Mr. Hector M'Lean will give an orchestral concert in November next. It is said that a well-known impresario has opened negotiations with a number of artists in Melbourne for an operatic season in Sydney, and that they have not turned out auspiciously. The matter is not, however, completely disposed of, so we may yet have our opera. I suppose, though, that at best we shall have to wait until a series of grand concerts in connection with the Melbourne Exhibition have been brought to a close before we get our musical treat. Let me commence my dramatic news with the statement that a number of capitalists are already planning the erection of a superb theatre to replace the old Victoria— a sort of Thespian phoenix-hatching, in which Mr. John Bennett will play a prominent part. On Tuesday Mr. Bennett received a handsome cheque, the proceeds of the two entertainments given for his benefit, and over the champagne which flowed in honour of the occasion some very nice things ?were said of the ex-manager by Mr. John Woods, Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Mr. Montague Levy,' and several others of the benefit committee. Mr. Bennett is fortunate enough to have secured general esteem during his career in the somewhat thankless unde taking of theatrical managership ; and I think most people would be glad to see him back again at the head of a larger and better Victoria Theatre. At the Theatre Royal ' The. Girls ' gave place on Saturday evening last to the well-known comedy ' All that Glitters is not Gold,' followed by F. W. Broughton's comediette ' Withered Leaves, or the Fairy of the Glen.' fiie first must be known to every theatre-goer, with its comparison of honest unaspiring Stephen Plum, and the noble-natured factory girl Martha Gibbs, with Frederick Plum, slightly snobbish and ever aspiring to a rank above his own, and Lady Valeria Westendleigh the volatile woman of fashion. It was well put on and well acted. Mr. Titheradge played Stephen, and without exaggerating the salient features of the part, he yet brought them out so that the honesty of purpose and the somewhat rough nobility of character of the man he impersonated were shown to the life. It might be said that Miss S Blanche Stammers made Martha Gibbs rather ! a refined lady than a factory girl; but \ then - Stephen's description of Martha's mid night studies and the girl's own self-sacrificing conduct are sufficient warrant for representing her as one of Nature's ladies, and so Miss Stammers' con- j ception of tiie part must be acknowledged to be I thoroughly justified ; and that her audiences like it i has ^ been nightly shown by the applause she has - received. Mr. Cates,as Sir Arthur LasselL had to repre sent a gentleman, although a gentleman of bad prin ciples, and as he always looks, moves, and speaks as a well-bred man, he was entirely successful in the part. The after piece is a bright pleasant little sketch, never played here before, representing how a young wife manages to patch up a quarrel between her husband and her husband's eon, and how too that son's friend saves his own lady-love from the designs of an un principled scoundrel. Miss Blanche Stammers played the young wife with that gentle grace which is such a characteristic of hers, and nothing could be more perfect than her expression of the mingled feelings of love and reverence with which she regards her elderly husband. Mr. Shepherd represented that husband, and, as might be expected of him with such a part, reproduced the proud, unbending old colonel, to the life, contrasting well his chivalrous devotion to his wife with the resentment he so long cherished against his son. The son, Tom Conyers, was enacted by Mr. Fred. Marshall, this being almost the first occasion on vre had seen him out of low comedy parts. Of course his low stature and general appearance are rather against him in the assumption of ' walking gentleman ' parts ; and then again, he has so established a prescriptive right to be laughed at, that if he only remarks that he has dropped his matchbox, a guffaw comes from a sec tion of the audience, but still he succeeded in giving the part great prominence ; as in the preceding comedy his Toby Twinkle stood forth before all other portraitures. Mr. Frank Cates and Miss Alma Santon played easily and well, and so the little sketch ran pleasantly. But what will cause it to be remembered long after its acting is forgotten is the wonderfully lovely stage set, ' the Glen,' which Mr. Gordon created for it. The scene was just such an one as a landscape painter, thinks himself lucky to stumble across — a forest glen, with here a moss-covered rock, there a faflen tree limb ?with thickets of intertwining blackberry bushes, and lengths of lush green grass, and bright flowers : in the middle distance a rustic bridge spanning a swift mill race and leading to the quaint old mill itself ; then, in the background, vistas1 of cool shade, flecked with shimmering light, broken by the bows of noble arcades of trees. Form, colour, and perspective were all there, and the audience rarely failed to call Mr. Gordon, and thus to acknowledge the excellence of his work. This (Saturday) evening 'Blow for Blow' will be revived ;'on Wednesday, ' Pygmalion and Galatea ' and ' Withered Leaves ' will be revived ; on Friday, ' Betsy ' will be played once more ; and on Satur day, Albery's 'Two Roses' will be performed. Shakspeare has found a home at both the Opera house and the Queen's Theatre ; but, sad to say, 'the divine Williams,' as the Frenchman called him, ?will not draw for so long a time as an ordinary sensa tion drama. In my last week's paper I notified that Herr Bandmann would open on Saturday night at the Opera-house as Hamlet, in Shakspeare's wonderful tragedy of that name, and I have now to state that the opening was a success ; for there was a crowded house, and the star was recalled at the close of each act. Once indeed both he and his leading lady, Miss Beaudet, responded to ill-timed calls, and returned to the stage to acknowledge them, whereby they interrupted the business of another scene ; but next night the dramatic impropriety was not repeated. During the 10 years that Herr Bandmann has been away from us he has altered and improved his Hamlet, and indeed his own English, and now the impersonation is worth study. The actor looks rather more than the 30 years which Shakspeare fixed Hamlet's age at ; his appearance is scarcely that of ''the glass of fashion and the mould of form ;'* and his speech still retains a soupcen of the German accent which once so marred his elocution. But here all possible fault finding ends, and it says much for Herr Bandmann's ability that during the more important scenes of the play he made his audience forget all these defects and recognize him as Hamlet the Dane. The deep earnestness of his interview with the Ghost; the pathetic mingling of hopeless love and mad hatred shown in the scene with Ophelia ; the fiery intensity of the play scene and the closet scene ; and the half cynical, half frenzied spirit of the grave yard scene, before and after the body of poor drowned Ophelia is brought in, were all splendidly pourtrayed. Earnestness is the secret of Herr Bandmann's success. He is not at all the ideal Hamlet ; but he so thoroughly loses himself in his work that, while he was on the 6tage, one had for the most part little difficulty in accepting him as ?what he affected to be. And similarly Miss Louise Beaudet threw her whole soul into her work as Ophelia; but, unlike Herr Bandmann as Hamlet, 6he was the ideal Ophelia— a fair, gentle girl, graceful of form and pure of face, with a voice whose music had a ring of sorrow in it, and with eyes whose gaze combined the innocent look of a child with one that told of a woman's possibili ties of love and suffering. Miss Beaudet is probably a merry little lady, yet she interpreted the gravity and then the misery of Ophelia perfectly, and the mad scene was for her a triumph. Robed in -white, and with her tangled masses of fair hair crowned fantastically with a coranal of straw and flowers, 6he has sung her snatches of melodious song, and has uttered her melan choly fragments of disconnected talk, -with so perfect an intonation that many of her audience have paid her the tribute of tears, and on nearly every evening she has been recalled. She displays such ability to delicately analyse character, and has such unusual gifts of voice and person, that I hope Miss Beaudet ?will long remain with us. The noble part of the Ghost was allotted to Mr. Hoskins, and for once, at least, it had justice done to it ; for Mr. Hoskins is a loving student of Shakspeare, a good elocutionist, and a man of good presence ; so that the Ghost looked like the ghost of a king, and stage effects in troduced to heighten the illusion made. the awe felt at sight of it by Hamlet and his friends seem natural enough. Mr. Sam Howard developed the broad humour of the Gravedigger ; Mr. Metcalfe looked well and played gracefully as Horatio ; and Mr. Douglas repeated that sprightly, vigorous imper sonation of Laertes which has so often pleased us. Of the other actors, there has hitherto been nothing to say. A quantity of new scenery has been painted for the Bandmann season, and Mr. Broadhurst sways the baton over as clever and compact a little orchestra as could be got together in the colonies. This (Saturday) evening 'Macbeth' will be pro duced, and ' Narcisse' is in preparation. Since last Saturday night ' As You Like It ' has held the boards at the Queen's Theatre, which is now under the management of Messrs. Coppin, Henninge, and Greville, so well known in connection with the Theatre Royal, Melbourne. That most idyllic of pastoral comedies was principally produced to intro duce to the public Miss Louise Pomeroy, an American actress, who came to us heralded by a number of. the most flattering notices an artist could well obtain: So far, Miss Pomeroy has not shown that these notices -were justified ; for, though her appear ance is good, her elocution is not above the average, wid is moreover, marked by a slight American accent, r-nd i-hc teems to lack the power of concentration. lint slu: is said to have brought with her a number of r.cTvv ;.nc! striking ' sensation ' dramas ; and since in r-yfliu r, as in every other community, a large section i.-i the theatregoers like sensation, it may be that Miss Pomeroy will yet make a great hit. In the meantime 'Macbeth' is to be pro duced this (Saturday) evening, and several other Shakspearian dramas will follow. In 'As You Like It' Miss Melrose made a piquant little Celia, perhaps a more sprightly, less retiring one than the clinging, affectionate maiden. Shakspeare painted, but, nevertheless, one that you could scarcely wish changed. The sententious Touchstone, prince of quipmakers, was interpreted by Mr. Greville whose grotesque visage and mirth-inspiring voice have enabled him to make this character peculiarly his own. I Mr. Vincent played Orlando ; but Mr. Vincent has I gone back a little, and is scarcely so refined an actor I as he was when at the Theatre RoyaL Still he played ? the part with a certain amount of bluff manliness, albeit that it was marred by a continual swagger, and it pleased the majority among his audience. Mr. Emmett commenced by playing Jaques very badlv' and finished by playing it very well ; and Mr. Leston from first to last played the fop, Le Beau, excellently. A feature in the performance ?was the assumption of the part of Charles the Wrestler by Mr. Laurence Foley, the well-known athlete, whose superb physique and cultured prowess enabled him to pourtray it almost faultlessly. Mr. Foley spoke his few lines very well, and the wrest ling match was something like a wrestling match, though a section of the pit audience nightly expressed surprise and disgust that the Australian champion should be conquered by an actor, a man who could scarcely have been expected to wrestle scientifically. The impersonation was perfect, except that Charles stiffened too rapidly and rigidly before being carried out ; but then it has been suggested — and the surges- \ tion is a sound one — that ?were it not for this rigidity B the supers appointed to carry Charles off might°have fl given him a worse fall than Orlando did, B and bo even this defect fades out or 9 tight. The music incidental to the comedy S ?was nicely sung, Miss Lilian Forde giving 'Blow, S Blow, thou Winter Wind ' in good st}'le, and Miss B Pomeroy singing the cuckoo song excellently. I m must refer with regret to the conduct of a section or I. the large audience which assembled at the Queen's fl Theatre on Saturday night to witness the opening fl performance of the season. Vulgar remarks, out- fl spoken questions to actors and actresses on fl the stage, who were addressed by their fl Christian names, the mimicry of different songs and fl speeches, -whistling and shouting, were all amonir fl the rudenesses committed by this section of rowdiesj fl ?who deserved nothing less than a sound drubbing. jfl Miss Pomeroy and several others of the company jfl were annoyed in this way, and the American lady m was so much discomposed that it may be that her B failure as yet to fulfil our expectations is to be attri- B buted in a measure to this cause. B The mirror of the Zulu War will be shown at the B School of Arts for the last time this (Saturday) even- B ir-£r, and tJbis afternoon the last matinee of the season B will be given. ? On Monday night an amateur dramatic entertain- fl ment in aid of the Infants' School of the House of the fl Good Samaritan was given in St. Francis's Hall, Hay- fl; market. There was a large attendance, and applause fl was lavishly bestowed on the principal actors, or rather amateurs. The 'Charcoal Burner,' a recitation, some scenes from ' Richard III.,' and the farce ' Nan the Good-for-Nothing ' made up the bill ; and the only point in the performance that need be noticed is that Miss Maggie Oliver acted and sang with an amount of daph and ability which did much to ensure the success of the entertainment. The charity for whose benefit the performance was given must ha\ e realized a good sum by it. SCRUTATOR. 