LITERARY COURTESIES. THE following paragraph appeared in the pages of our moribund contemporary, the Gawler Bunyip, in its issue of Friday, November 15 :— COURTESY.—In accordance with the prevailing practice Mr. Cranz sent to the editors of the local papers tickets for the Pinafore concert. Our contemporary waxed wroth because "The sisters, cousins, and aunts" of the editor were not provided with cheap entertainment, and sent the following letter to Mr. Cranz:—"Gawler Standard office, memo from Angel & Richards—To Mr. A. G. Cranz, Gawler—Dear Sir—I beg to return you the enclosed ticket, and I am further instructed to state that as you refuse to recognise the rules usually observed on such occasions, we decline to be under any compliment. — I am, yours obediently. EDITOR OF STANDARD. " Comment would be superfluous. So far as Mr. Cranz himself is concerned, no one knows better than he does that the statements made ia the above extract bristle with falsehoods. And Mr. W. Barnet, the very worthy proprietor of the Bunyip, also knows that the paragraph is untrue in every particular. Mr. Cranz did not send tickets " in accordance with the prevailing practice." The invariable rule is, that in all cases a ticket to admit reporter aud lady be furnished to the representative of each paper. In place of doing this Mr. Cranz sent us one ticket, and that only for the first evening. When we reminded hiin of what was the usual custom, and pointed out that he had evidently made a mistake, Mr. Cranz promptly refused to extend the usual courtesies. We have since learned from respectable authority that he now admits he made a mistake in taking the action he did, and that he is heartily sorry for it. At the time no other course was open to us than to return the single ticket that was supplied, and in order not to disappoint our large circle of readers we purchased the required number of tickets, so as to be in a legitimate position to furnish a report of the performance, We must add that we are somewhat surprised that Mr. Cranz, or any respectable person, should have become a participator iti this discreditable affair. But we are not in any way surprised at the part played by the Bunyip. This last unclean action is iti keeping with its present character, and the traditions of its past In season and out of season the ill-advised conductors of that peculiar paper have been ever ready to treat the Gawler Standard iu characteristic fashion. Alarmed and envious because of the unprecedented success aud popularity of the Standard, they have not been careful to base their aspersions on facts, but on the other hand have made the Bunyip a literary sewer for the reception of all kinds of ungrammaticai, illogical, and mendacious paragraphs, destitute of wit, and plethoric with trnculeiicy and folly. The general public have not been slow to see through ail this, and the time has l<mg since past when any respectable citizen would patronise such a burlesque of journalism. We would advise that in future the motto of the Bunyip— " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, &c.;"—should be exchanged for one which would be much more suitable, namely—" All kinds of rubbish may be shot here." Go ribald, get you hence To your cabin with celerity ; This is the consequence Of illadvised asperity. Behold the consequence Of ill-advised asperity. For we'll teach yon all, ere long To refrain from language strong. For we haven't any sympathy with ill-bred taunts, ' No more have our sisters, nor our cousins, nor oar aunts. ADELAIDE PRODUCE SALES. [By Telegraph.] November 17. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. offered about 2,200 bales of wool to- day, and sold over 1,600 at satisfactory prices, including 450 bales branded Paratoo at 8A.iL; 98 Middlebeck, 9d.; 61 James Brown, Mintaro, at 9|d.; 22 T. Lloyd, Clare, Il^d.; 22 George Knight, Perkindoo, 10fd.: and numerous farmers' - lots at from 7d. to 1 Id., according to quality. Greasy lambs sold from 6d. to pieces, 3d. to 6Jd.; and crossbred, 7d. to 9d. English, Continental, and American buyers were represented, and there was spirited competition throughout the sale. COUNCIL ELECTIONS.—Monday next is the day of nomination. During the last few days muuicipal elections have advanced s stage. Several requisitions have been prepared and presented, asking certain persons to allow themselves to be nominated for the vacancies. Up to the time of going to press only three have consented, viz.—Mr. H. Dean for mayor, and Messrs. J. C. Wilkinson and W. Fogg councillors for North and: East Wards respectively. THE WEATHER.—During the week the weather has been veiy changeable and disagreeable. In the early part the days were close and sultry, and during Wednesday night a heavy thunderstorm passed over the town, when the lightning was particularly vivid. Since then the days have been cooled, but dusty and unpleasant. GAWLER BUNJ>RNG SOCIETV.—The fifteenth half-yearly meeting of - the Gawler Permament Building and Investment Society was held in the Imperial Chambers, Murraystreet, at the office of the secretary {Mr. W. R. Lewis) on Monday evening, November 15\. Mr. D. McMillan was in the chair. The attendance of members was moderate. The following report was read:—"Your directors have again to congratulate you on the success attained by the society during the past half-year, being the fifteenth half-year since its foundation. The profits still keep up to the 6s. per share of six months old, and other shares in proportion, which rate has now been maintained during the past three years. The nominal amount of money out on mortgage at the beginning of the halfyear was £7,750; lent during the half-year. £425; less received and paid off, £875; nominal amount now lent, £7,300. The number of shares at last audit was 215f; shares taken up since, 27£; total, 243 ; less withdrawn, retired, and redeemed, 27; number of shares now held, 206. Two of yoor directors {Messrs. Annells aud Burton) retire from office, but are eligible for reelection, and offer themselves accordingly." The balance-sheet showed that the expenses for the half-year amounted to £62 19s. 7d.; aud that the sum of £382 2s. 6d. had been apportioned among the members. The amount of £333 12s. 6d. was carried forward to the credit of the society. Messrs. E. Potter and L. S. Burton were elected directors ; and Messrs. C. H. Annells and A. G. Cranz auditors for the ensuing year. Votes of 'thanks having been passed, the meeting was brought to a close. REWARD TOR COURAGE.—TWO handsome writing desks iiave been presented to the boys Shepherd tuid Gardiner for their gallant attempt to rescue from drowning their school-fellow, Willie Short, a few weeks ago. A silver plate ton each of the desks, records briefly the; circumstances of the presentation. INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATCH. —The South Australian riflemen who are to represent this bdlohy iB the intercolenial rifl«ni6tc1i*leftPort"" Adelaide on Monday. The event is to come off ou the 24th inst. Captaia Feigiiion has charge of the team. Lieutenant Taylor, of- Gawler, is one of the competitors. GAWLER VOLUNTEER RIFLE CLUB.—At a general meeting of the above club held at, the.Old Spot Hotel on Wednesday, November 17, a revised Code of rules was adopted, and the following officers ^elected fortha ; ensuing year:—Patron, Major F. Makin ; president, Captain L A. Plummer ; vicepresidents, Lieutenant J. Taylor and Surgeon F. W. H. Popiiam; committee, Sergeant J. Mansom, Lance-Corporal K. Freak, Privates ' T. Baldock, L. C. Dawe, and J. Gullan; treasurer, Color-s^rgeaut J. Crump; secre- -, tary. Sergeant S. Harbour. It was also decided to invite several gentlemen in the-.' town to become patrons to the club. A vot« of thanks Was given to the past officere, and. the meeting closed. CLASS FIRING.—The Gawler company of volunteers has begun its cl£ss firing, with the following results, in the first period,, on' Saturday, November 13, and WedmSsdsy^-" November 17. 'The 200 yards distance wias " fired standing, and the 300 yards kneeling. Ten shots were fired at each range. The following aire the scrres :— Yards—200. 300. Total.' Corporal H. Crump .'; 27 31 58 Private T. Baldock ' ... 29 26 55 Private L. C. Daire ... 25^ 29 54 Surgeon Popham " 24-' 27 ' 51' Captain Plummer..." ... 23 28 51 - Private J. Sweeney ... 24 26 50 Private J. Baldock ... 22 25 47 - - Private J. Freak ' 22 23 " 45 I • Private H. Adcopk ... 19 25 44 Lance-corporal E. Freak... 20 24 44 Private Aii'Baldock .J 26 ' Private J. Jones 24 18 42 Private J. Whinnon : ... 24 17 41 Sergeant Sweeney... ... 18 21 39 Private Lan^e ... ... 19 20 '39 Private Jas. Murray ... 20 15 35 Private W. H. Woods :.. 21 13 34 Private J-Gullan... ... 11 18 29 Private Wm. West ... 14 13 27 Color-sergeant Crump ... 20 '4" 24 Private W. Gome 11 33 24 Private John Smith ... 14 3 17 Sergeant Harbour... . ...' 11 " 2 * 13 Private M. Carty.:. ... 5 '6 11 Private W. O'Shea „. 5 2 7 Private M. O'Donnell ... O 0 0 COUNCIL MEETING.—A special meeting of the Gawler Corporation -was held on Tuesday, November 16. All the . members were present, with the exception pf ¥ Councillor Cox, who was unable to attend on account of continued illness. The town clerk (Mr. J. Rudall) reported that the assessment for the current year was £17,382. Councillor Dean proposed, and Councillor Potter seconded, that the rates for the ensuing year should be—General rate : Is. in the pound, ' and police rate 3d.. in the pound. An amendment was moved by Councillor Deland, seeonded by Councillor Allen, and. &dupted;, that the general rate .should be ls. ,in, the pound, as proposed by; Councillor p4an, aucL 2d. in pound for police -purposes. The fates on the Institute premises and on the' upper - - portion of the Oddfellows' Hall' , were ' remitted, in accordance with' the usu^I. the Gawler Cricket Club, wrote' for "permission. to use the corporation Toller. watercart .to prepare' the ground for the forthcoming cricket match. ' The application was granted. The resignations ^of Councillors Cox " and Dean were accepted. Arrangements were made for the apprbaching -elections, and Monday next, 'November 22, was . fixed as the nomination day. BENEFIT SOCIETY.-—The first .half-yearly meeting in connection^ with- -the recently - established benefitsociety organised amongst the employes of Messrs, W. Dnffield & Co., was held at the Institute on Wednesday evening, ^Npvemter "17; Mt : X 1£ "Coles, one of the vice-presidents, was iii the chair. Hie attendance was- moderate.The secretary (Mr. W. Paine) read the repOrt and " financial statement, from which it appeared that there are 60 associated members, and after the payment of incidental expenses, t e sum of £47 remains in band- as a credit balance. . NEW SOUTH WALES ELECTIONS.—General elections are now taking' place throughout the colony of New South Wales. So far the free tr-ide'candidates Me the favorites. : THE CHOPS. —Reaping has commenced about .Port Pirie, - Telowie, and; Baroota. The accounts from these districts are very gloomy, and-in jnaoyj^aces t^e.crops are*, total failure throngh tbe rtist. * Farther north still, beyond Quorn, it is said that the . locusts have inflicted incalculable damage to : the crops, which in some instances will not be worth reaping. RACING CROWDS.—The Qedong Time*, commenting on the pride taken by -many Victorians on the numbers present ,on the Cup day, writes :—" We may give a word of advice in a Trollopian sense "to those sporting scribes who are for ever boasting of the numbers that .gather on the Flemingtou course. The very idea that a 100,000 people caube got together toseea horse race - appears to Bend ihem into.the tvjsiy apvetith heaven of delight, just as if there was any novelty in such a large mob of people being in one field. It may check the exuberance these people : feel -when we inform th em.; that in ancient Rome there were , seats in the Circus Maximus for 350,000 spectators, or a quarter of--a million -mor& than aUtht^people on the stand, hill, paddoek, and.flat tOgefcber • —all seated, let it be borne in mind. This must have been' a majestic • sight indeed, almost, but-of coarse"Tiot quite; equal to the grandstand at Fiemingtoa.' . THE WINNING HORSE.—The Melbourne Herald writes:—The origin of the exact meaning tof the word VFlaneurV which is part of the name of the horse which- won the A.J.C. Derby, the Victorian Derby, and the Melbourne Cup this year, still forms the subject of much discussion among the people who take an interest in philological and racing subjects. The latest explanation we have heard is givan by an eminent barrister, whose acquirements as a linguist are as great* as his love for a good horse. He says that the word Flaneur means *Saunterer,' and^ that Mr. Long's borse has probably -been called after an Australian horse of-the name of Saunterer, which was well-known some year* ago. J. E. Wess» e'y, in his useful and reliable little French-Euglish and English- French dictionary, gives the meaning as "' a lounging man; a lounger.' A correspondent, who seems to favor very liteial—not to siy free—translations, interprets,, 'Grand Flaneur' as 'Big Loafer.' Perhaps some intelligent Young Men's Debating'Society would take the matter up, aud set it at reBt for ever." LEASING LANBATBAROSSA.—A deputation, consisting of Messrs. F. Basedow, M. P., J. W. Downer, M.P., R. D. TW, M.P., J- Warren (chairman of the Mount Crawford District Council), T. Porter, and W. Stanley (councillors), J. Hammett, R. Rose, J.l\, sad Gilmore, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Monday morning, November 15, with respect to the leasing of land in the Hundred of Barons a. Mr. Warren pointed out that owing to an intimation being received from the Commissioner that there was 110 objection to the land in question being leased by the council for pasturing purposes until it was selected, the council bad taken the matter in hand and issued commonage licences. It was confidently anticipated that because the country was of such a character as to preclude any one carrying ont the cultivation claused of the Act, only & very small quantity would be selected, but the council had no idea th%t the Government would lease the land. On bearing of their intention to do so the council bad represented the injustice that would be done to the people who had taken out licences until the 1st .July, and the Commissioner had replied that half the commonage fees would be returned. This would not meet the case at all. The deputation wished the Government leases to be dated from July 1 next year, and in this respect they were backed up by a public meeting held on Saturday, at which a memorial was adopted to that effect. The. opset jjtice asked for the leases was, be considered, - monstrous, and should be at once , reduced. Mr. R. D. Ross commended the action of the Government in cutting up the scrub land .into proper blocks for pastoral purposes, as it would benefit a large number of settlers. Mr. Downer aud Mr. Basedow also characterised the request as a reasonable one, and said if granted it would work no harm to any one. The Commissioner pointed out that .when lands were being surveyed it was a notice to the district council that any control they had over such lands ceased. In the action he had taken he had not wished to do the council any injury, because besides receiving the commonage fees they would ! receive an. advantage by means of rates in the alteration of the system from commonage to leasing. He had given instructions that all vacant pieces of land throughout the colony should be leased, and one of his strongest reasons for doing this was that once the land was leased the lessees wouM have to clear it of rabbits instead of the Government, And an enormous expense would. lie saved. Another reason was that a great! quantity- of this commonage land was not utilised to the ^extent it could be if it were ; properly fenced in. On receiving the complaint of the Mount Crawford District Cooncil he had offered to repay half. the commonage fees to the lessees, but owing to the manner in which the subject had been placed before him that-morning he wouldconfer with the Surveyor-General, and he belived he "would be able to meet the wishes of the deputation. With regard to the upset price being so very high, he knew there wasexcellent grazing country going right to the top of the Barossa Range, .and he' pointed out instances where 2s. 6d. and 3s. an-acre was -paid for the lease of fairly grossed bund. However, -if the price in this instance 'was too high people would not take it,' and the -land could- be offered again at a lowerfigure.—Advertwer. "H.M.S. PTNAFORK."—This well-known couiic opera was produced in the Institute Hafi on Friday.,evening, November 12, the performers 1>elrig Gawler children. Mr. A. G. Cranz fA* a iong time past has had the juveniles nnder musical.'tuition, and a large amount - of interest' ' was felt by the general jmtilic as the time drew near for the abovementioned piece t<» be put on the borxds. The dram*i£s pertoiuB were as follows :— The Bi^ht Hon. Sir Joseph Porter, K.C.B. (First- Lord of. the Admiralty), Master Douglas . Fotheringham ; Captain Corcoran (Commander of H.M.S. Pinafore), Master Fred. Shepherd ; Ralph Rackstraw, Master F. W. Fowler; Dick Deadeye, Master Albert Cranz;T©m Tucker (Midehiptnite), Master Tom Fotheringham -; Boatswain, Master John Davis; Josephine (the Captain's Daughter), Miss Florence Veale ; Hebe (Sir ' Joseph's first cousin), Miss Constance Bridgwood; Little Buttercup (a Portsmouth framboat woman), Miss Florence Fowler; together with ' a considerable number. of sailors, marines, and first Lord's sisters, cousins, aunts, &c.; . The whole of the performers were dressed suitably to the occasion, and looked first-rate. Hie stage was admirably arranged as the quarterdecks of H.M.S. Pinafore, with a view of Portsmouth in the distance. In the arrangement were gangways, stays, hatchways, mainmast, blocks, tackle, &c.; There are two acts in the piece, the first representing noon, the second night. 3>uring the latter the lighthouse and the bouses of the harbor" appeared as if lit np from within, and by a skilful adjustment of apparatus, ships and steamers were made to pass and repass across this waves alongside the Pinafore. This illusion-was complete, and called forth unqualified admiration. The ac£i: g of the young folks cannot be too highly spoken of, and great praise is dne to Mr. Crauz, the conductor, for the evident pAins he has bestowed on the children to bring them up to snch a degree of histrionic excellence.- Where all did well it is difficult to specify individual cases, but particular mention must be made of the really firstclass performances of Master Douglas Fotheringham, Fred. Shepherd, and Albert Cranz.. Dick -Deadeye in the latter found a capital delineator. Miss Florence Veale also appeared to singular advantage, as also did the Misses "Constance Bridgewood and Florence -Fowler.- Several encores were insisted xtpon; and -were responded to. Miss Warren rendered efficient service as pianist, aftd Mr. Barton as violinist. -The audience frequently testified appreciation of'the performance by hearty applause.. The programme, with the same cast of characters, was repeated on the following Saturday and 'Monday, evenings,.and the attendance was good throughout. Last night. the piece -was Again presented, and is to be repeated this ...evening. Part of the proceeds will be devoted in aid of the funds for the purchase of a new graud piauo for the Institute. PEOFESSOR PKPPER. —This well-known lecturer will visit Gawler at end of this month, giving a series of his experimental lectures and illusions. Amongst others, the illusions known as "Pepper's Ghost," and the "Shadow Pantomimes" will be produced. A staff of trained assistants will accompany the professor, who will bring with them a large quantity of apparatus, and make use of. the oxy-hydrogen and electric lights. There is no doubt that large audiences will be attracted, PED KSTMAKISM.— It is not improbable that Mr. W. Edwards, the famous longdistanced pedestrian, will pay Gawler a visit shortly for the purpose of giving an exhibition of his athletic abUities. PHOTOGRAPHS.—During the week some well- executed photographs of "H.M.S. Pinafore," with a few of the crew, have been taken by Mr. J. Taylor, artist photographer, Murray-street. * * PRIZES FOR SPORTS.—Active preparations are being made by the committee to bring the Friendly Societies' demonstration, which is to he held at Para Para, on December 28, to a success. Some of the prizes have been procured, and arc on view in the town. They are in themselves very valuable works of art, aud whoever may prove to be the prize takers will have the pleasure of having won really first-class awards. EDUCATIONAL.—We understand that Miss Nash, who has conducted a ladies' educisional establishment in the town for sever;-" years, will leave Gawler at the close of the present year. THE PuBLieScHOOL. —Tenders wereopened at the Architect-in-Chief s office on Monday for fencing the schoolground at Gawler. Five tenders were sent in. That of T. Ayling was the lowest. THE SOB. ATA.—This magnificent steamship was successfully floated on Saturday, and has been brought to the Semaphore. The fractures in her hull have been thoroughly examined. It is probable she will be taken on to Melbourne or Sydney for a complete overhaul, after which she will resume her place amongst the Orient liners. Captain Fowler is to be highly commended for the plucky way in which he has stuck to and worked at the ship, and everybody will be glad that his persistent efforts have met with success. MR. DAVID GAUNSON.—"Great indignation is expressed in Ararat," says the Ararat Advertiser, " at the action of Mr. David Gaunsou in reference to the condemned man, Edward Kelly. Mr. Gaunson seems to have made a shipwreck of his own self- respect, and when a man makes so fatal a mistake his downward course is very rapid. He has now deliberately outraged public decency, thereby disgracing this constituency as well as the House of Assembly of which he is, unfortunately for our credit as a colony, so prominent a member." CONSUMPTION OF SMOKE.—At the Adelaide City Council on Monday Councillor Clax&on; moved—" That in consequence of the nuisance arising from smoke from the different chimneys at the railway works and other manufactories within the city it is desirable that the poweia of the corporation relating thereto should be put in force, with a. view of remedying such nuisance." He stated that the smoke from several manufactories in the city was becoming a gr-»at nuisance, and as means could be taken to consume it at very little expense, he considered the time had arrived when the council should exercise the powers they possessed to remedy the nuisance. Councillor Sanders seconded. Some of the councillors said the motion would have no effect. The motion was carried. THE CASEY STUCT.—A correspondent of the Geelong Tunes says:—" They may talk as they like about pomposity and officiousness, but it is reaMy an impressive and instructive sight to see the Hon. J. J. Casey going hi? rounds in the big building. Casting aside an impulse to imitate Theodore Hook, and confront the great commission v with the question " Cej,* pardon, sir, but a o you anybody in particular?" I have watched the royal progress, on many occasions, with infinite satisfaction. As a lesson in deportment it is invaluable. The Grecian Fall, the Roman Bend, and the Eussian Wriggle have had their little day. The Casey Strut is now rapidly coming to the fore." 