SCHOOLS. This section is much better filled on this occasion than at the last exhibition, and it contains an unusual number of needlework exhibits. Among these first place for brilliancy most be given to the St. Mary's Non-Tested Sohool, Ips* wioh, where ths pupils are evidently well in structed in fancy work. A gentleman's exceed* ingly handsome chair in Berlin wool hss de servedly got first prise. It would be worth a small fortune as the subject of a raffle at a church bsaaar. Then is also a very pretty fender stool in wool floss. In another description of fancy work Miss Sarah French, of East Mary* borough State school, aged 11, deserves special notice. She haa sent a baby's robs most beaut i fully worked. We should mention also some good plain sewing, whioh appears by the ticketing to be the work of the pupils st St Mary's school A patchwork quilt, made at Cleveland West school by children under 11, is very neatly sewn, although too pale in color, and is officially commended. Leaving the needlework, we notioe a very excellent set of maps prepared by pupil teachers and scholars at the State school, Forti tude Valley—a sohool where geography is evi dently well and thoroughly taught. In the art department are a number of drawings by pupils at the Brisbane Normal School Miss Maud Challinor ia deservedly highly oommended for a pen drawing from a Rembrandt etching ; Miss E. Cornell is also highly commended for a Corin thian capital from the round. Thia is in its way perhaps the best drawing exhibited; the shading ia most delicate and true. Miss Florence Blundell sends s pen drawing, "Worrited," a copy from an etching, which is, in our opinion, extremely good, though it hss not been noticed by the judges. And we must confess that we are quite at a loss to understand why Miss E. Lampard'a " Child's Head," also a pen drawing from an etching, should have been overlooked. The work is excellent, and the expression of the original has been most admirably caught Miss J. O'Connor's vase from the round, which ia commended, deserves special notice also; it is very good, careful, and honeat work. Three boys from the State school, Pimpama, send well drawn maps. On the same screen as the draw ings by State school pupils, Mr. J. A. Clarke's original drawingsfor the late Queenslander Christ mss stories are hung. Visitors will be able to judge from these how little the artist is responsible for the rather wooden appearance of tbe fairies in the illustration* of Mr. Stephens' last Christmas tale as they appeared in the paper. In the original the delicate ghost-like forms and texture of the roley.poley spirits is admirably given, and the scenery is full of tbe glamor proper to the narrative. A prosaic and materialistic engraver must have acted ss interpreter between the artist and the public. 