LOCAL AND GENEBRAL NEWS. We, would remind our reaers that the tea.mee ing in celebrstioe of the openisg of thie Coeeregationsal Ohumreh safter enlsreemenet thes place this evenine. Tbhe weather, certaiuly, has 'been most unlavoerable, and it is a pity the ten wos not ponatponeds but so variable has shf weather been, and so for were the preparations a~dvrnts.ede, thnt it waes not deemed ul nismble to alter ile trrenee nel, , snd it hse ben deeided to helid the neetmte on sthe evesine originally cbhoesn. Many cbthe friendts in Il,.' e,,trlry will nte be able to .teeld, cc they entdt,,,tedcv would hbd the weather been fine,. notl e hop,.e thite in town e11l reader all the aid in shlir )poar Itwetsde making Ihe gathering an ossereesel on tno'ibe indenr thie eircnam estanoes, and give what eeouureagremnt they Oan to the ladies who are pr~oiling Ihe It, and to the adhertits of theOhurrh Cenernlly. The pohllr meetine will be heldin the neurch at a quarteor to 8 o'clonk, whe adl dresses will be delivered iy several of the loeral clergy men, and solos, antlhems, and choruses will be ren' dered by the heboir. l?meadistely before the sersice commented in St. Paul's Church on Sunday evening last, some little gommotion was ereoted by an esplosion of gos noder the organ. It appears that there was an eenape (aom one of the pipes, and, in attempting to areer lin where the lealkage war, the escaped gas ignited. The supply had to be temporarily cut roiff, leaerit tlhe ahureh in total darknesas for a hoirt time. Forets nstely nothing serious resulteG from the nrspecelrd "fiats up.: A meeting of the memhers of the Ipswich Fnrmmhll Olub is called for this evening, at 8 o'cloeck, at Mr. T. O'Sullivau's office, for the purpose of appointitg two entlemen to represent Ipwichl at the meeting of delegates of football clubs to be held in Brisbane on Friday evening next. Speoiat serviees in conneetion with tlhes reopeninr of the CongregaEtional Chlurecht in this town after its enlargement were heldl on .qunday lost As we in formed ourredenrs on a rrteious occasion. the addi tion to the ediee will afiord about 150 extra ettings. fl far from dtraeting from the neat onl coneparct appesranoe of tie church, na was aat flrst feared, tie enlargement hba considerably improved it both uster' nally and internally, and it is certainly now one of etle moestomfortnhlt and iteitino places of public worehip in theeolony. Tlehoclhreh will now acncmmodateaono e gregation of about 500 persons, and it is anlisfatlory to learn tbatthenew aittingsare beig reaiid yplrotprielr.l, thus showing that the erira accnm ndnatioe-ore st least a great pert of it-wae mucl n rquired. The westher on Sunday proved, unfortunately, very no' favourable, hut, notwithatanding this, the attendance at the three serrioes held during the day wea etlresnely good. At the morning iservices there was a good con' gregation present, the building being well filled. The pstor ofthe church, the Rr. F. H. Browne, conducted thae rrice, and preached an able and most appropriate dis?coure from the 8tih verse of the 26th Psalm **Lord, I have loved the habitation of Thy honse, and the place where Thine honour dwellseth." In the afternoon, at 8 o'elook, a children's serrioe was held, and was conducted by the Rey. J. Robson, Wesleyan minister. The attendanoe wans large, coo' sidering the heavy rain which fell just prrevious to tbhe hour of meeting. There mast have been about 200 obildren present, as wett about fifty adults. Mr. Robson did not select any text as the basie of his remarks, but founded a highly entertaining and in' strctive address on two aubjets--the first his en psriensea in Fiji, and the second anday.aschoola A number of hymns selected specially for the occasion were very nicely rendered by the children, and added unch to the pleaureof the meeting. In the evening, the Bew. M. H. Parkilnson, senior miniefeer of the Wealsyan Church in this town, ofiniated, preaehing s?n excellent sermon from the 9th versea of the 6th ahapter of Galatianse:--" Let us not be weary in well' doiog,for in due season we shall reap if we feaint not.', Tbhe congregation was not quite so numerous as in the morning, but the ren. gentleman's remarks were listened to with evident attention. Tbhe collections dlring tshe day, in aid of the building fund, amounted to £19 10s. We learn thalst at a meeting of the Goolman Divi sional Board, on Saturday last, the tender of Messrs. W. 0. Kiner and W. G. Beverley for valuing the rateable property of the division was aeepted for the cam of £78. There were thirteen tenders sent in. Judging from an espression of opinion on the part of the members of the aotingoommittsee of the Ipawioh Hospital at their last meeting, they seem to question the statement of the late treasuret of the institution with regard to the oane of his resignation. In proof, however, that Mr. Darvall has all along opposed the devoting of the balance in thebs bank to the ereac tion of a wing to the Hospital,we have been requested to refer the committee-or at least those of them who question the late treasurer's statemot-.to a report of one of its meetings which appeared in the Quecnoland Timeo of November 8, 1879. From tlat report we make the following etractne:--" Mr. Chubb proposed that they call for tenders for the proposed building, in accordance with the plans and specifcation saup' plied by Mr. Shenton. Various opinions were en pressed by the members, some consedering that the building would ooet far more than the sum named. Tbhe action of the committee in keepitg a neat-egg in the bank was also deemed by some unneoessary, as most other similar institutions trusted wholly to Govern ment if they ran ahort ot funds. The trenaurer, who intimated that ha intended shortly to resign his duties owing to want of time to attend to them, atated that he thought it would not be well to spend their deposit." There are at present in the depbt at North Ipswioh ten single men and one girl, the latter having arrived from Brisbane yesterday. The ineather has somewhat interfered with their obtaining emptlpameot The ebremony of eoonseating St. Paul's OChu-'?h in this towta,in atoedanns with the eolesiaatiosal eanons, took place on Sunday morning last, the servioe and neremony presetribed for snobh an ucouaion being per formed by the Lord Bishop of the dionese, assisted by the reotor of St. Paul's, the Rev. Herbert Hepth. Notwithetandilg the very inclement weather, tbhe chrcb was well filled. Printed forms of prayer seed in eonsearation services in the diooes of Brisbane were distributed through the building. The onsea ary preperations having been made the Bishop, the REa. Dr. Hale, was met at 11 a.m., at whet was taken to represent the western door of the edifee, by the reator, ohurchwardens, asynodsmen, and several of the most prominent mea.ers of the oburch, who pre sented his Lordship with a numerously-signed peti tion requesting him to set aside the building for re. liqious purposes in due form. Mr. Kendall presented the petition to the Bishop in the following words: "I present, my Lord, on behalf of the clergyman, churohwardens, synodsmsn, and residents, this peti. tion praying your Lordshabip to onsearate this churbch to the servise of Almighty God." The petition was as follows :-To the reverend father in God, Matthew Blsgden Hale, by divine permission, Lord Bishop of Brisbane. We the undersigned, olergyman, residents, and eberebhwardens of St. Paul's Church, Ipswich, do hereby humbly request that your Lordship, by virtue of your ordinary and episcopal authority, will eeparate from all cominon ness, and set apart for the perform* ansoe of the solemn oBloes of teligion and the celebra tion of Divine worship acecording to the rites of the Church of England, the ehuruh erected on a certain portion of land described in the schedule attached hereto. In witness whereof we bare hereunto set our hands this twenty.fourth day of April, 1880. HEBiBn HNATR, olergymas; B. ,. E?L)T, J. H. ATNItBsw, and 3. A. HOLDeWOaTr, hbrehwardens; G. H. Wuxtow, & 3\. SuT. r, and WnaIhx Townsar, residentsu Wixr it K. Hvarp n and CRaMiaB .. OCHrB, synodsmen." The Bishop, having signi. fled his assent, a protession wes formed, Measrs. C. P. Chubb and W. H. Havard, a synodsmeon, lmad itg. The Bishop and the reator name next, followed by Messrs. B. 3. Smith and G. H. Wilson (two of the oldest residents), and Mesers J. K. Atkinson and B. J. Kendall, ehurehwardens, and a numerous body of old and influential residenots and members. The pro. cession moved slowly two by two up the nave towards the communion table, the Bishop reciting the 24th Psalmandtheresponsesbeinggivesnbytheotherpresent. On arriving at the table the Bishop entered within the rails, the procession aseparacing and going to the right and left in front. When the last sentence of the Psalm was completed the " Gloria" was hbsanted by the choir, and those forming the procession returned to their seats. Other portions of the form of prayer ap pointed for the occasion were rendered, and the B;ahep isen read the "Sentence of Consecration," which was as follows:--" I hereby make known and declare that this Church,.designated and known as St. Paul's Churob, Ipawiob, is now consecrated-that is, it is set apart and separated from all profane and oommon uses, and is dedicated to the worship and service of Almighty God, the ever- blesed Trinity, sFather, Son, and Holy Ghost. Amen. Witness my' hand this feast of St. Mark the Evangelist, April 25, 1880\. MATdnW B. H?Als, D.D., Bishop of Brisbane." The usual services of the Churbeh followed, interspersed with suitable prayers and lessons for the consearation .rrri'e. IlMi Lorship, referring to the ceremony, said ii must be obious to all that the proper time for such a seremony was immediately after the ereotion of the building. Certain impediments, however, had nrisen in their ease which had prevented its taking il.er na' the completion of the edifie. But was it to rrtnin ueoannrorsted P No! It was repugnant to s air (relhngs that the house in which they worsbipped .lhoul i nevrr be conseorated, and they felt that it shnould be put into God's hands sad dedicated to Him. HIt hoped and preyed that, whatever it had been to sh tn h.faor,. is nihet, from that day forward, be to them 'he house of Gad and the gate of heaven to their a ili. A lshort, hut very impressive sermon was also pre.elsid by hIis Lordship, who took for his text the 17 h verre of the last chapter of the eveslation ' And the Spirit and Ithe bride say, Com~e. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is nrhirst Come. And, whosoever will, let him take the eater of life freely." In the eourse of his remarks he alludeld pbthetiaully to the re eat melancholy desth of the wifle of the late rector (the Rev.. J. H. L. Zilmann), and referred to an occasion on whlich h hhad met her st the reclory instructing a Bible-olass of girls or young wotmenlt, nsl.t tIrliueilly saying to them "Come, come." If. a Im ,.i'ht'd sIl presenr l to follow that example, to rentr upon souo good work, to endeavour to instil into the minds of young or old religious thoughts and i .nirli.,oa, alnl to be ever,. by example and ioBsfloence, nra.o . t.a rh.rnt around, "?sme, come." Achildren's servri, w.as Ihlld in Ihe afternoon, and the Bishop, who uae present in lthe schoolroom, pronounced the honrdii.i.,n. Divine service was conducted st 7 p.m., his fat alhip also takiog part in it with the rector thile R?r. Mr. Heath. Thile attendance at each service wea, considering the state of the weather, very good I nnd tlhe offerrory, which is to be devoted to the maintenance fund of the Obhurch, was a liberal one. In the case Regina v. HefBfernn, which was to lanve been hoard at the District Court sidtings to-day, na hill I.e beon 81 d againtL the prisoner. The only erimin'sl rase therefore will be that against the lad MAcalister, for an indecent aesault. The following civil serse also are set down for bearing:a-Unde endrrd : George Ware v. William Irwin, goods sold, £3L 15s. Id.; Mrs. Parr v. H. B. Diehards, goods s.l.l, £42 10s.; l. E. O'Sullivan v. Michael Portley, proltesionil serrices, £3 8s. T. W. Brady v. Wm. ejs. goods sold, £20 Se. Sd. Dafended: Simpson 5n I Omnphell v. Hirl Krool, half.eost of dividing Ifenlce, £4 Se. 61.; Charles Smith v. F. Dowe, goods Snsol., £7 9. 61. ; Helen Gunn v. John Gnnn, (etsnue, I£100. It may be seen on reference to our advertising columns that a meeting of members ofall the West Moreton Divisional Boards is called for Saturday, tbhe 8th May, ait1l o'clock in the morning, in the Sehbool of Arts, Ipswich, for the purpose of consulting together chbiefly on the subject of main roads which it weeas expeeted the Government would keep in repair, but which it seems they now refuse to do. Other matters of interest may also be di.ctssed. We hope there will be a full attendance, as the business is of onsiderable impocrtance to the Boards. The returning-oleer for the North Ward received only one nomination-paper yesterday from a candi date for the representation of that ward in the Muni cipal Oouncnil-ris., that of John Greenham, jun., who will therefore be declared duly elected at noon to day. The police ihave received information by wire from Georgetown, under date of Saturday, that Harland and Company'. store at Oilberton wase broken into on the night of the 10th iosniant, betwena 7 and 9 o'olock, and an iron safe stolen containing gold, notes, and documents to the value of o'er £700. Tracks of bare feet, believed to be those of Chinamen, were traced from thebs store to the river, hut were there lost. The stolen safe is reported as weighing nearly 8001b. Telegraph. The English lodge of Freemasons st Maeksy have just erected a new hall in which to hold their meet ings. It is a twostorey building, 50ft. long and 25ft. wide. The hball proper is upon the upper floor, and is 40ft. long and 2511. wide. Upon entering, the hall (says the Mercury) is reached through two lobby rooms, one 10ft. by lift. and the other 14(t. by 10ft. The wabole structure has been built of sound and well seasoned timber, and the tender of the contractors has been faithfully carried out. When the ground is fenued and planted with a few ornamental trees in front, the Masonio Hall will add considerably to the arubiteotoral beauty of Mackay. The building was consecrated on the 8th instant, in aseordance with ancient custom, by Bro. E. P. Ashdown, W.M., as slated by the other oficers of the lodge. A tremendonus excitement has existed for the past few days amongst thebs youth of both sexes in the Valley. It appears that a " being," described by an aweestricken beholder as "a little man, about 18in. high, with a long tail, and a knife in his hand or mouth, one foot like us, and the other cloven, and the fellows think it is "Old Nick," has been seen in a swamp in a paddook at New Farm. He is reported as not minding the vicinity of a few beings of this earth, but as disappearing very suddenly whenever anything like a crowd beings to collect. It is furthesr reported that a woman who saw "it" feinted right away. " It" then had on a pair of moleskin trousers. In consequence of these horrifying particulars having been bruited about, the Valley turned out in force yesterday, and numbers of men, women, and children wended their way to the haunted paddock, and many of the eurious nearly got bogged in their efforts to behold the mysterous one, who (P which) did not, bowever, show, and the crowd returned to their bhomes with their curiosity unsatsfied. Can the mysterious being be our old friend the monkey again P \--Lut evening'o Telegrafcp, A general meeting of A company of the Second Regiment of Queenalanders was held at the drill-room on Saturday evening last. The men mustered very fairly, and seemed to take great interest in the dis cussions carried on. Captain Skinner occupied the chair, and informed the company that he had called the meeting to disouse several matters eonerning the company's internal management, beauses, although it need not be done, still it was far better to let every man know that nothing was done in holes.and-cornesr style. Sergeant Kelly moved, and Private Taylor seconded, a motion to the effot that the company should parade only once a month-viz., on the second Saturday in each month. The motion was carried by aaolamation. It wsee arranged that Sergeant Beverley and Private (ez-Quartermaster.Sergeant) Jameson should take six men eanh to fire against each other on the third Saturday of May, the seven best abshots in that contest to represent A company at the Rifle Association matches in July. On the motion of Captain Skinner, it was unanimously decided that a committee of three ashould be appointed-nit., Lieut. Mandonald and Sergeants Oomerford and Beverley to prepare an illuminated address for presentation to Lieutenant Thorn in recognition of the plucky way in which he had worked the company single-handed for eighteen months. After s conversation with referense to classfiring, it was agreed that the battery sbould be asked to join in giving an Ipswish volunteer ball for the benefit of the band, to whichb eivilians also should be invited. The meeting elosed immediately after the ball committee was elected. The names of tbshe com mittee are Captain Skinner, Lieutenant Mandonald, Private Barrymore, and ex-Steff-Sergeont Barker. We understand that two full corporala will be elected at the first monthly parade, sad all nominated must attend half-an-hour before the parade takkes plase. The usual monthly meeting of the Brassall Divi sIonal Board was held in Alderman allon's iron store at North Ipswich on Saturday afternoon last The following members were present:--Mesrs. B. Tallon (ehairman), Wa. Bryce, B. Arehibald, James M'Andrew, L. Allen, J. Byere, and George Hutchins. Mr. Peter Thomson, chairman of the Walloon Board, wee also present as a visitor. After the usual prelimi nary basiness, the Chairman reed a letter from the Under-Colonial Secoretary intimating the appointment of Mr. Edward Stokee as an auditor in the room of the late Mr. E. D. B. Davidson. Another communi. cation was also read, informing the Board that, in accordance with their application, the Government had placed the sum of £500 to their credit in the Queens land Nationsl Bank. The coasideration of the bye laws was the next business. The committee appointed for tebs purpose brought up their report recommend ing the adoption of byes-laws similar to the code pub lished along with the "Explanation to the Divia?nal Boards Act." An amendment in one clause weas, how ever, on the suggestion of Mr. M'Andrew, consented to-via., that the meetings take place ach month on the Saturday nearest preceding the full moon, with suech provision for special meetings as may be, at any time, resolved on. After some little discussion, the report was adopted on the motion of Mr. Bryce, seonded by Mr. Arcohibald. It being necessary that a Finance Committee of two members shoould be elected, Messrs. W. Bryce and J. Byers wersappointed. As to the Improvement Committee, the Chairman thought that a member of eachb subdivision should constitute the committee. He also read from the Act the clsuses referring to the membersm of ench subdivision forming a sub-committee, and pro. posed that Messrs. J3. T. Hill, J. Hunter, and himself form the Improvement Oommitte. Mr. M'Andrew moved, as an amendment, that Messrs. Tallon, Byera, and bimself be the Improvement Committee. This was seconded by Mr. Hutohins, and, the Chairman withdrawing his motion, it was carried. The nexat business was the consideration of the appointment of a clerk, and after some diseassion it was resolved to invite tenders from persons willing to undertake the duties, such person to be capable of discharging the duties in connection with the drawing of plane and specifcations as well as the other elericasl work. The Chairman thought that letting out the works on the por.eentage plan might get over some difculty and sare a coonsiderable sum as well. He also otated that as soon asa clerk was appointed a proper office would be required, and although the Board was quite welcome toe.thse use of his store, it weas not, in its pre eant state, fit for an offoe. If they were agreeable he would have a part of it partitioned off and fitted tip. On the motion of Mr. Bryce, seconded by Mr. M'Andrew, the Chairman was authoriced to fit up an oaoe in his store for the use of the Board. The Chairman and Messrs. Byers and Bryce were appointed a committee to purchase an iron safe and the nees eary oulee furniture." The ChObairman stated that two small accounte had besen sent in to him; but these were held over till next meeting. The mode of sign. ing the Board's hobeques was decided on. Mr. Allen asked for information as to whether the Government would allow timber and other material to be taken off Crown lands for the nee of the Board. Some conver' sation ensued on this subject, when, though no definite answer could be given, an opinion was expressed that the Crown lands inle 'ed in a division would, under certain restrictions, be under the control of the Board for sench purposes. Thedateofthenext meeting waesisxed for the 22nd May. The business of the Iosrd being over, Mr.Peter Thomson requested periv-ion to make a few remarks. Regarding main roads. Ie said, the Government had informed the Wulloon Board that they had no intention of maintaining the main road in their division, and it would doubtless be the sane with the others. This was by no means acceptable to the public. They woold, however, he thought, beinclined to be guided in the matter by the views of the united Boards it they could get an expreesion of opinion from them on the maitter, and he would recommend that all the West Moreton Boards meet in the School of Arts to discess the matter and ,gie an opinion as to whether the Government should be seked to retain the main roads, or give the Boerds an increased subsidy for their maintenance. The l.lter might be preferable, as, in some dirisions, shlre were only main roads. If the meeting anproved of the uggestaion, he would call a publio meeting for Saterlay w rek neat, at t11 o'clock a.m. The Brassall Board unanimously approeyed of the idea, and the Chairman consented to make the arrangements, it being unlersto.d that only members of Boards were experted to join in the discussion. The meeting t.hen eone'udled. The Dalty Herald etuLes that no reliable informa tion has been reeived concering thie reported gold discovery in the neighbourhlood of Cattle Creek, but that, in epile of fhe uncerrtnity, about 100 men some of thee, experienced digeers-have purehased supplies and outfts in Dalby, and are bent on seeing and judging for themselves. There most surely be a good many people out of employment in and around lRoelsohampton. Tie local Municipnlcouneil advertised recently for a caretaker for thetown eommonsge, end in response tlhy received no fewer than forty-two applicentions fr the " billet." Paul Boyton ihas made his pile, Parnell is a Protestant. The Ozarina's health is not reported better. Tbhe Tiehborne case has been dramatized. The Hobart Town corresydond t of he S?dney Morning Herald of April 17 says --"There has been a little stir amongst the conerecation of St. David's Cathedral, in consequence of the ritualitin tenden cies of the Rev. Thomas Jones (formerly of All Sainte', Brisbane), whs is offleiatine during the absenoe in England of tile Bishop and Dean Bromby. Hitherto Mr.Jones has notgone to sach lengths as to call for any anotion on the part of the churchwaurdens, but it is understood that tile will exirts, if not the ability, to Rlomanise the Oathedrol. One or two of the church. wardens are, howercr, known to be determinedly averse to iligh ChOurch pracliees, and Mr. Jones will therefore he kept willthin bounds. No news has yet been received from the Bishop end his son." BCIENCe AND EVEBY-DAY LF.--It is s strong evidence of the intensely practical spirit of the age in which we live that no sooner is a discovoery made in scienne than it is otraiglltway brought to bear upon our daily life and its requiremen's. Science also interests herself in the improvenmentofthe commnodities and appliances of oar househlold, and renders to us in their moat convenient forms the rarious forces we require. In times gone by our soldiers and sailors had to be con tent with their dry biscuits on the march or voyage, seeing that " yeast " was sot procurable in these cir eumstanes for making bread, but now our army in Zululand, or Afghaniston, provided with Borwick's Baking Powder, can have its Iresh.bhaked bread,aluxury which they can best appreciate who bare lived long on dry biscuits. The boon thus conferred is" wide as the universe," and many a squatter in Australia and New Zealond, or gold and diamond seeker at the Capes, has bad reason to be grateful to the maker of this 'alnable article uhen enjoyis hiis " morning roll ;" nor have the more favoured inhabitants of our cities less to be thankful for, since in this simple and eioa cious agent they have a ready means of procuring at all times wtolnsome pastry-tlohe cakes, puddings, tarts, and pies whilch form the "airy nothinge" of the dinnerstable,--orning Pot. 