SOPHIE : AN INTERLUDE. CHAPTER L i met feopme at the h.lms, Severn s place in Kent. Sad .changes have taken place since. .1 had spent several years in India, and returned home in disgust at iove, me, au wings, ut conrse there was a woman at the bottom of it— a woman .whom. I loved passionately. I .had known her from early girlhood, watched her gradually develop into a splendid woman. She was an orphan ; her mother died at her birth ; her father, ' Absorbed-in his business, cared but little forlier$ her 'stepmother treated her with coldness, and often with worse. I, shielded her to the best of my power, | which in -those days was .but small. She grewofovpme and we were betrothed. I wflg' only i jp!» Civil Servant then. My elder 'brother was . alive. J was not much of a 'jna'tch'f - but her father a weak kindly. mn,nfpctioned our engage ment, and I was content After a year of waiting' I was promoted to a post far ' iip-countiy and I left, fall of hope and joy, to arrange a home for my wife. Alas 1 other eyes than mine beheld my pearL A roue Viscount, who, having pretty nigh exhausted all European sports and pastimes, had come to India for the greater excitement of tigereshoot— ing, saw her at a ball. Her rich lnrnri- ant beauty attracted, her cool reception of ins attentions piqued him, After a fortnight? a ardent . pursuit, he offered her his hand and coronet. With what result One day I received a packet containing' all my letters Aud presents ; a formal - business-like letter from her father, announcing- 'Miss MorewoodV engagement to Lord -Rath&lan; and a line from J aliet ; ' Walter, lam unworthy- of vou Farewell for ever.' Short, cer- taiuly, and to the point! Next day, I received notice of my brother's death. 1 waSjIhnSj not rich, ah least indepen dent; and, asking for ' year's leave of a sence, I started for England as soon as possible. Tenj-ears had, changed the old home. Father, mother, and elder brother „ ali gone ; only my sister Id" and widowed tinting, -- -y, married mained. She ." absence, re- with her I t' <sd in London ; and hope of fl- . 'Jk nP my abode, in the paui' : -"ding ont some of my old com- -ns. Alas ! they too were changed OT Onlj ne was unaltered to me, and that wag &ny; Severn. Yet, even h of!36 ye418 bad brought r - ..-"u l ten in t»b, he had just married a graceful, pretty, childish little girt, the moat « winsome wee thing ' I x gone j and another was fing ber : place in Severn's life, if not'-in his heart. . -£" my steer, that the sewd -Mrs. Severn was a most superior person a woman of large fortnnrand high conuectiop, and in every way a bet- vIuSf!ir than poor little had been. Well. weU;i«veiy one to his taste. wW a 0nlj r statt time in London, When Severn me -out, I never can forget his fidmdgitidg,' or the sincere affection wHcb-manifested for me. ' You must cpmp tofiaBiouce,' he cried, shaking my hnjmfa.-aeN.il he never meant to let them go«;j$MikB; tny house your head-qaarters-'- Wi f baye lots of room, there being no encumbrances, I am sony to say, :in -AheubiBpf young ones sb -yet. Bntl - amt-ffwito know and like. Maiy. J told her about yorn Alaaiipbed6meo(ierj Alf ? — And tten77ttfatoa.iiee8 |of Mary's; and Sophie; a little 'ward, of ; mine, all staying with us. We are a jolly party, ! -can tell-you;' Solitude, even when enlivened by a sister, is not the best medicine in the world for a wounded spirit I went to the ElmB in a few days. A grave, old gray-headed servant re ceived me at the dour ; and telling me that Mr. and Mrs. Severn were from home, but would soon Teturn, ushered me into a delightful library, filled with deep tones of colour, sweet odours, slid softened golden light ' Through half- closed' curtains of some delicate texture, the garden could be seen, glowing with' colour Mid redolent with perfume; in the afternoon -sunshine ; and a sound of fall ing -watergave A dreamy Ireshneas jtp. the whole. I stood enraptured for a moment ;; then I etrode to the window, flung back the dainty curtain, and started in amaze ment There, curled up in a great vb!- : vet arm-chair, lay the prettiest child I b.f! -ever seen, 'fast asleep. -Her fair faint- floshed cheeks rested upon the crimson Cushion ; her dark curling rings of hair, ran riot over it One dimpled hand Injr open on her lap ; the other touched the carpet; over the arm .of the low chair. A hook, which had evidently fallen from her loosened clasp, lay beside the little, rosy hand. :I stood and gazed upon her —for lam fond of children— in surprise and admiration. TUk then, -was Severn's 'little ward.' I bent Clcwer to examine the TIbeaatifal sleeper. She started awake;- Her eyes met mine. Such eyes.: Not : -black or brown;- as : her dark hiir -Would lead you to Anppbiw ; .but gray, liquid, limpid, brimful of fire and sweet nets and expression ! Strange eyes for a child, but beautiful beyond compare. I For a second or to she looked at me without moving ; then she started to her fret with a little bird-like cijjrr 'How did you cornel I did not hear,' she stammered, in sweet silvery tones, t ' You have been very sound asleep, my little lady,' I replied. j Sbe put back her dostering curls, and looked atme .' with a queer expression. ' Have yon been here long V she asked, her eyes dancing with tnischievons ligtty. . '. Not very.— only about five minutes or so'. Quite long enough to win a pair of gloves,' I said, merrily. j She flashed, jerirason, then threw her little person to its. fall fceight .of four fret ten or thereabout,' and laughing again, said : ' Won't you 'be seated J' with an assumption of maidenly dignity very charming to behold, and motioned me to a seat opposite her couch. I felt rather taken . aback by the change in manner and gesture, and retreated at once to the chair she pointed ont, half- sighing that there were no children nowadays ; and sat down, half vexBd,'half pleased. A few moment's silence; in which only the tinkling waterfall ontride end a -bird singing . somewhere amongst the trees, ensued. ' You are above talking to children,' said a plaintive little voice. I looked up; sbe had moved to the window, and stood there framed by the trailing clematis which wreathed it. I confess she made alovdy picture. f No," I said, "won by her grace and beauty ; ,'I am very fond of talking to children when they are good.' ; "'Talk to me. Am I not good 1 sbo said softly. . ' Yes ; very good indeed. I like good children — grow quite1 fond of them,' in fact. X will promise to grow very fond of you, if you only givexne the chance.' For a moment her free crimsoned ; and ere she recovered her natural -tint; a sound of wheels on the gtavd announced the anival of some visitor?: or, qmhaps: the return of Severn and Iris wife. r-Vfith a little gestuto -of sUeiitoto iiie.-'sbe glided out of the " window,: .vanishing among the -roses ; fit home, ! thought, for such a iaiiy-like being. - As she dis appeared I took-npA bMtsheliadbeen reading. To myBurpiueAi? was-. . a volume of German veree. .Fancy that chitof a girl reading German !', ; . A moment Jiftorwards, Severn, his kind handsome wife, his brother. Alfred, and a tall distinguished-looking girl, entered the room and gave me a hearty welcome. Severn's wife was charming ; but her niece, Miss Rufibrd, WM not quite so attractive, bang tomewhhtgraye r. . HH.P1 ' Afbul AVAm his brother, though perhaps he was more silent than Hany. I saw his eyes go rbmid.Jtiiejroom, as -if he sought for something. . ' Where's Sophie V he said Bt last; ' Where, indeed V echoed MnxSevern ; and Severn himself walted tp- the wirj- dow, caffing ;-:Som>-.®frP: : 3ut she did; hot appear? aaidctiolhing; her gesture of 8Uence-sealed ihy.l8.:v_; After a pleasant ioOT Spenf in dawd ling through the garden we separated, to prepare for dhmec.. When ready, I wended my way to the library, hoping to: find my little fury there ; but rthe room was empty. I flung myself into the couch the fairy had occupied, and began to think of the woman I had loved ;7, fat away India, and who was, I nought, lost for ever. (She sits by my side to-day ; she came to me after all, and proved her faith and truth More the world; but I do not_thmk ttoe; was a more miserable zdab w and breadth o£ England .Aan I upon that beautifnl sanimBr ereiUDg;) was the first bo enter the nwiDj ; and I was about to question -Mm as to Severn's ward, when M|«s 'RuBord, sdj«d in plpaminp white silk, glided into the room, clorely followed by Mrs. tsevcro. As the gong boomed out through thehaB,; Severn himself sppeared, and without a moment's pause be offered bis arm to Miss RuffordL I did the Bame to the lady of the house ; and we entered the dining-room. ' 7 ' As we seated ourselves .at. teihl' Severn looked around, and cold, some; what impatiently : Where iaiSophieF ? ' i Mia. Severn replied smilingly : 'Hophie will come in presently j: Was it imagination, or dM a qlagto of intelligence paE8 ewifelyr&?m eye to eye around the fablef I liegau tolhink here muet b'e BOtn'ethibg queer about the child. - 7:.: With, the rest of the sweets she came ; and I thought her prettier than ever. She was dressed in white, with pale pink sash round her fairy waist, and pink bows stuck over the fluffs and puffs of her stylish frock. ' Severn glanced at her enquiringly. She tossed up her little head, as &he; enconntered his eyes; and a sancy smile eent as it Beemed a hundred dimples playing .hide-and-seek aroond fhei; jbadmbttth; -. Alfred: made toom fr>r her at fus jaide ; :in faet a vacsnt place was thereAilthrongh'diBner. " She glided to her ceat.MtiithC "self- possession and giacefql-oase -!>of 7nwhuer wonderful to Bee fa Ane young. \- ' Yqu . have ndt ' met my Mend, Mr. Dennis, Sophie;? . eaid Severn. - - She gave one horned glance at me through- -her long ' feyelagUea. ' ' Don't betray me,' it said. I took .up the cue she drppped,.,.and uid I glad to make Mba Sopbitfs acquaintance. There was a mischievous gbtter in her great eyes as she bbwed -to ; tne, and a . lovely ponting smile, aet-.the . dimples dancing again, r had no doubt there was some joke amongjit them, for they all; laughed so heartUy at such trifling things, and:;even the grey-balred bcitler trembled dnrthe vcrga of u emile ; but I could not find out whatltwas. When dinner was over and the ladies had withdrawn, Severn and 1 strolled Ont iuto the pleasure-ground . Alfred did not accompany us. We had much -jbp tell each other, Harry -had volumes to "say about This happiness and good fortune, aud alittle'Of "the sorrow which had preoeded.it; - And I — I was glad of a friendly ear wherein to pour the story of my cruel wrong, I -did; not pany Severn tothe drawing-toom p int leaving hiinto malre tiiy excuses for me as he best could, betook myself; to the'.soli- tude"of my owh rootn arid ihe eoriety of aibook; ' I had eatfor eame'tirnsTealUiig qr ijiying tb'id-TwheU'Faddehly outside my vifadow /arose A?,i»nconi;tof swept sounds -which thrillbd me t0gh Aqd through, ind brqhght.)me jtb'fliB rindqw, at rmpe. Fouri figB 'etood/'upon the terrace, eiuging "Their voiceB ioee and fall on vtho otill night-air, and trembled awaytinto silence fa perfect cadence. -I bad-.eeldom-heard-aBything- ao-sweeto- 'F 'Enbore, nncore V I cried epringirg out amongst them. They greeted me with a merry burst of laughter. - - . tfSo,' cried Severn ; «£ knew how to unearth you. I remembered -:ho w fond yon used to be of music long ago. Sit there with. Mire Rufford, and. be audi ence.' - . : -> " Could it be possible that Sophie — that child— was one of. the vocalists Yes; there she stood beside Mrs. Severn, far thest from the lamp they bad set upon a table, covered with loose sheets of music ; her floating ribbons; white, dress, and sylph-like form harmonising exquisitely: with the background of trellised roses. ; '-"Softly, very softly the music began again. A voice clear, sweet, tunable as the song of thrushes in a spring twi light, arose from the group. The melody was simple and siveet - to a degree, aud the voice I held my breath lest I ahould lose one note. I frit a choking BTOBktibn'iii mytbrpat ; and yet.I': waB sorry when "tilts other voice struck in, beantifully iiannqnised and tuneful as the quartet was.— I -listened breathlessly to ite, close ; end falt when it ceased, that Bomething beautiful had come and gone for ever. They sang no more fa the twilight. We went to the drawing room, where Miss Rufford played far us- Sbe played uncommonly welL ' Severn and Alfred saqg. : Only the faiiy child was absent' X asked Mrp. : Severn Where, she was ; and "that lady replied, lahghiog ; 'Gone to. bed. It is too late far children to -stay-up.' A... few bright, never-to- be-forgotten dayu; sncceeded. - It was lopg since I had been so happy. -Only the child was a standing pnzrie to me. She kept out of 'my way; and laughed at me, and worried -me wUh. a haunting suspicion, that she' m mak frnAf ime. One; day. I Jcaught her tripping up the garden, and coaxed hwfa'stey and talk tome. But' ehe bniy laughed, and - fled away, sayiugher nurse was waiting for her. I ownl.-was pnzried. . ; At last I -discovered the joke they had been keeping up - amongst them. It was on this wise I fotmd it out I-:had started by myself -for a drive one after noon, and: had gone about half a mile from the gate; when.I espied a flattering gown and a dainty hat, .which I recog nised. Rut what could have brought the little fairy so far from home ! She was standing by the roadside talking to a child of . her own years — a pale, thin ,ghost of a thing, whose uncared-for AwimIT tiwvVftn ""Wt, w.w,w..| . down shore formed a striking contrast to her own trim gracefulness. I saw the children's hands meeh-The littfe beggar- girl courtseyed low. . The tiny benefactress turned and faced me. ' You here !' .-she cried, crim soning to her brow.- : I sprang ont af the low pony- carriage, and hhhost lifted her in. ' Yoq naughty child,'. I . said, ' why are you wandering so far by yourself V . j : 'Because I had -prxtienfar business,' ebe said. ' And,-Mr. Dennis, please let me go.' ' Tril mfc where your particular busi ness lies; and I will drive you there,' I answered ; giving the rein to the spirited pouies, and carrying off my dear little prize. No,' (no! Please stop — please, let me go,' she pleaded. ' I want to visit an old: friend of mine who lives near this. Do stop at this stile.' She half rose from her seat ; but I flnng an arm around hey" dainty little waist, and -held her fast. ' No, no, my lady, ciiedj laugbing. 'We won't part so easily.' She did: not straggle for liberty ; but turned shd looked steadily in my face, t.- — Int Haying eiowjy r 'J or. x/eoaifl, wiu jyu kindly release me ?' How womanly the riiild conld torn all at once I" HCT'faceTflashed; not _6ne ofShBlijvto) ; Swiff? a hot angry- red upon each cheek; and an faninons light came into her .great eyes, ifhich seemed to daiken aS ahe looked into mine.;SreUy ehdiww jfoiy jimrimng ; her assoiapticm of maidenly xreerve and dignity was charming to see. 'What a little Tartar yon growf I eaid through . my laughter, itill holding her fast v ' You are rnde,' ehe said — and there! #a a littlequiwrfa the tone; ' And you are naughty,' I replied, ' and must be pupished.' She did not Bpeak again for a while. We drove on. At last I said : ' I won't release yon until. you look at me aod say : " I'll be good." ' She turned her face. The dimples were playing round her rosebud mouth. She put her little hands together, lifted the lovely, wistful, dazzling eyes to mine, and lisped : ' Please, I'll' be good — very good.' I knew there is no excuse for me ; I know it was: dreadfully wrong; bat I could not help it. I drew - the slender child-form to me, and kissed her once, twice. With an angry cry, she tore herself from me. Springing to her fast, she would have leaped from the carriage, had I not caught her arm. ' How dare— how dare you !' ahe cried in a voice choking with indigna tion. 'I thought: I could trust you — thought yon were a gentieman- — ' Sophie — dear child I stam mered. - I am not a child. I am twenty -oue. I — I — I played a joke nponyon— I— -r- Oh, oh 1' She cried, now sobbing angrily, in the. corner of the carriage. - I sat thunderstricken. One-and- tweuty I This tiny cceature, so exquis itely childish fa form and manner-rpne- and- twenty ! I turned the' pomes' heads forborne. I could not speak.' I khew not what to say. All words -wherein to form ,my apology seemed- to fly from -me. I only felt : Let me get-to the Elms at once, and- be off before Severn or his wife can hear of my misdoings. I con fess I nevei felt so angry with tnj/aelf before. In .the meantime Sophie began to re? cover hererifr Her eoba ceased- GIancing round timidly, I saw that she had drawn her tat over her eyes p aid that \t|ie beautifuLred lipe were quivering, jaat Us a child's month twitches when its parox ysm of weeping ?1b; done. I frit that I most: eay . something ; yet. .what was there for me-'to say I - 1 begin to -experi ence a not veiy pleasant sensation, of utter foolishness, and: to realise, the disadvaihtageAt whiib T must appear to her. She did not speak for a while, but sat like a little 8tatoi poking straight before her. I .urged the ponies on, and tried to whistK'Mid: so we drove albng the quiet shady road ' At last I humbly asked het if ahe could forgive me, 'I am as. much in fault,' she replied without turhing her head. ' Please say no more.' I obeyed her ; and we drove home, a silent, Bombre pair. I don't think I ever bad a-more uncomfortable drive. I -felt qnito glad when we" Came to the gate': of the "Elms and sped np the avenue. As We came to the door, I said : ' I am most sincerely sorry for what has happened. I can only say. that I humbly crave your forgiveness, and hope—you won't think very badly of me.' She only answered by puttiog her hand on mine as she sprang from the carriage, darted into the house, : aud vanished. CHAPMSE II, I gave np all idea of running away ; but I -did not confide my little adventure to either Severn or his wife, feeling that #t was orach bettor not to say anything abont it Bnt I did hear of it before ' many hours had gone over my head ; nay, before we met at dinner. ' After tea, Mis Severn called me to look at a new species of lilinm which had just pnt forth its blossom in the green house; I trembled like the guilty mortal I frit myself to be, for I knew what was coming. Sbe said laughingly : ' So you have dis covered the trick which we have been playing on yon.' I frit extremely sheepish, aud looked it, I am sure ; for she laughed good- humouredly, and went ou : You are not the only one Sophie has taken in. Her :impersonations are wonderful. She acted my grandmother to the life not long ago. We had a friend of Alfred's staying here, who is fully persuaded that my grand-: mother is the most wonderful old womao; in the world. I most say, however, her: little joke with you was purely unpre meditated. The accident of your finding her asleep gave rise to it all.' .1 managed to get ont some incoherent words of regret for what had happened ; but MreSevernamiled.. ' Sophie is quite aware that, havicg put herself fa a false position, hhe must take the consequences,' ahe eaid j and we returned to the house. : .At dinner we met She swept into the room, a : grown-np young lady, trailing two yards of fcream-colonred satin after her, cbid . fa (he height of the fashion, ap parently taller, and enchantingly pretty. Severn took her hand. 'Walter,' he said, 'here is a.young lady yon used to knew as a child. — Miss -de Burgh, allow me to present my friend Mr. Walter Dennis.' r She made me a sweeping courtesy ; and X bowed low. feeline verv foolish, and very much ashamed of myself. I scarcely dared to look into her face; but at last I ventured. There as just the least little, twinkle in her wonderful eyes; as she glanced at me through her long lashes ;' And I "knew I wasforgiven. That night, -in the ' tomoking room, Severn eaid : 'So Sophie played: her joke onb Silly child! Shehas learned aleesoD.' 'And so have J,' I answered. 'But she completely deceived ma I had no idea she. was anything more than a child of Wrive or .thirteen.' Luxmore thought her eighty or ninety. She is a wonderful actress. But surely you saw the likeness . ' Severn's voice broke — I knew at once to whom he al- Inded. He went on : She is wonderfully like poor Valerie. She was with us all through — nursed her. Yon never saw anything like it, sir ; never seemed to require sleep or rest or anything. I don't know what I should have done but for her. We hope . The door opened before I heard what it was that Severn hoped — though I half suspected ; and Alfred who had been dimug out, entered the room ; and Harry, with bursts of -of laughter, told how at last I was undeceived, aud how entirely taken in T bad been. I must sav Alfred was ' never veiy cordial with me. I was ten years his senior, and perhaps I lorded it over the. yonng fallow. Once : I fancied he was jealous of Sophie's manner to me. For 7a day or two X treated her with the " most ceremonious politeness : but afterwards we glided into an 'easy familj- arity very sweet to remember. Ehe laid aside her childish frocks,; jbutidid not lay. aside her charming childito nijrnner. . Of course I called her Miss de "Btttgfa ; but sometimes 'Sophie' came.ao natbrally to my lips, I conld not refrain from .caUfag her. to. Ferhaps— but I hope hotoear really did care, for 'me, .Be that .as it may, we were great friends. She dis covered that I loved Sbakspeare' and Spenser and all the quaint old-world poets. So, many a happy hour passed by on golden wings while we sat ' arid read together. About this time — I bad been nearly - two months at the Elms — Alfred left us for awhile. I fear we did not miss him overmuch, although I observed,, a cloud upon Sophie's uBuallyBun ny fare more than once ; bnt when I rallied her abont ' grief for Alfs departure,' she blushed furiously, arid ran off. Harry Severn grew kinder,' ifpo88ible,tome; and Mrs. Severn treated me as if I were one. of the family. Poor Alfred ! Long- before he left, 1 saw how muchhe lowed Sophie. No won der.. She was one any man muef love. But I am not sure she ever manifested anything more than sistedy .kindliness to him. One thing I do remember — she never played any. of her pranks on him," but rather, I think, avoided him. But I mnst hasten to the winding np of my sweet Interlude. Summer was gliding into automu. - I had entered upon the third month -of my stay at the Elms, prolonging my yieit to a moat unreason able length. -X therefore determined to leave fa a few days, go abroad for two months, return to London at Christinas, spend tile remainder of my leave between' Lucy's honse arid 'Severn's, and return to India in the spring. XmttBt acknowledge that I felt not a little melancholy at tha1 prospect of bidding tny joked friend and , his household .farewell:; but it must be: done. I had , a long, ' dreary, - desolate future to face, -and- the sooner: I quitted the obb'is I had found, the better fitted I should be for my solitfuy lot,; 'Amc| yet — and yet : ' v Might I not lore this beautifnl ".bird) this child-woman, to fly with me; : and- make bright and beautiful that future, so dreary in, prospect now! May I plead, guilty to having asked myself that ques tion once ?— once only. It fell upon thia"7 wise. -One driicione balmy September; afternoon, we were walking throngh the pleasure-ground together, Sophie and L She was graver than her wont when we set out on Ohr etfoll. " Alfred was to re turn that evening. I had dropped a word abont a speedy departure, at luncheon ; a word which Mrs. Severn loudly de claimed. I -wbb thinking of a thousand things, and silent. She walked by my side silently and thoughtful too. At last, a bird carolled merrily overhead and broke the spelL She laughed her old merry child like laugh, and we began to chat away , much as usual. Quite suddenly she turned, laid both her little hands upon my arm, lifted up those eloquent wonderful eyee of hers to my face, as if to read my inmost soul, aud said.; 'Mr Dennis, what is the trouble you have deep down 1 You laugh and are . merry upon the surface ; but within, you have always a settled grief. What is it ?' How could I answer her 1 I tried' to pass the question by ; but she would not suffer it. ' No' nof she persisted. ' You won't baffle mel Will you tell me ?' She coloured slightly,, and .hung -her head. ' Trii me, is it anything about— money ?' 'Remotely, money is the -cause,' I answered. . ' Oh can money mend — can money put it away V- Sbe betrayed . great agitation, and- was flashed and pale by. tnrns: : . .. Leonid not imagine what hadagitated her so "strahgriy. I took the , little hands fa mioe — she was still a child to me'?— and said : 'Why do you ask me that, my dear ? Because — because— I have too much, far too much money for a little girl. Oh I you don't know how much I have ; arid couldn't yon take some of it, and get rid of y our trouble ?' I looked down into the sweet anxious face uplifted to mine ; and a fancy. that -she might fill the aching, emply heart- to which she Btood so dose, -with light, arid sweetness, 'and the desolate life with bloom .and sunshine, shot through- my btaiu 1 but I putlt'Irom met-at; least I .resolved to consider the question 'before I said or did anything definite. 'Dear -child,' l eaid, -' if money at flrat caused my trouble, it is, alas ' beyond the power of money to cure it-now.' \- Do . yon; think; it can 'he . cured f She had hung ''her liead; ' a'trtf' 'd.isl7 her beautiful eyee to the'ground. 'Time only can cure me,- ,My dear, when 1 come back again, and find you in your own home — when you have dis covered that your fortune is not poo much to give' to the man you lovej "theri" I will tell you al1 my sorrow, and yon will see how hard it was to tore.' She lifted np her eyes and looked at me steadily. She bad removed her hands from my arm and stood up alone, her eyes looking straight "into mine with the strangest expression in them I had ever seen. . Was it reproach ? Was it surprise S Was it pain unspeakable ? Whatever it was it made mv heart heat quick. Before I had time to apeak, I heard a footstep on the gravel behind. She looked past me arid cried i ' Oh, you good Alfred, do come and fetch me into the- house, I am so tired !' . . . - - Then! saw Alfred Severn, who had just returned, take her on his arm, and go towards the honse ; she waflting'erect, her head thrown back, her: hand clinging to his arm,' he bending above her tenderly. She was laughing gaily, and even a snatch of a song came wafted on the still Sep tember air. I must say I felt ill at ease with myself and my surroundings all that . day. We met at dinner. She was gay as a lark, her little face red as a rose, her eyes shining like stars. Besides, she was much more easy and intimate, in her manner to Alfred than I had ever seen her'before ; she joked and jested, mimicked one or two of our acquaintances, was the life atid80ul«fusall. . After-dinner, she sang for us, her bird-like voice trilling and warbling deliriously. Next morning, shall I ever, forget the quick rush of blood to brain and brow- tire sudden throb of agonised surprise when I saw that letter which changed, my fate lying upon my plate at breakfast- time ! I remember rintehlris it on and flying to my room, not to -read, -only to wonder over it, How well X Tknew jthe bold firm characters ! How every dot and. line made my heart thrill 1 The vague indefinable perfume which hung aronrid the letter. The monogram, J. E. M-,' which .! kpgw eo welL ' A letter: from Jtiutofiwhiintioo' I I sat- speeriilese in myrOOmclreadingrtoopen itaudlesm; the frijth." ".'At jI- frfondtonra;and; toraitopeu. It-waaAated from a-West- Bud Ifhtel»vwid was otdy/aiine? ' Walter, l am iu Lqridq'n./ Cotne to mh.'—JranT,' I. forget how I said good-bye at the: Elms. I think I told Severn some in do- 1 herent nonsense. I found myself at the station by some means or other .; in an. hourl had my beloved clasped to my heart She. had a long story to. teU. I will relate it briefly. I would not toll fa- only that I feel it juBtifles my aubsequeut conduct. Shewasfree. Sheiiad.been most crnelly.rioerced by her relatives from, first to last. :Tfae rmserable hklftwjitted ' "Viscount, nponwhom they werethrustuig her, persecuting '.Jh'fer' /wlth .un welcome attention ; hhr father's affaire in ri totter ing condition-; hristmother railing1 at her - from.' monriDg rintillTiight ; ' 7Hhe wavered, for veiy ! peac&sake;, and con sented to 1 becoinethepeeFs wifefosave her father. Just a week before fae-day .fixed for the . wedding, a' well4cnown bank failed, dra rioimmariy;' tommfatial ' Houses fa its ftihAfa.:MotoworilVarii.On|;i the number, ThetWpbn LorABatiialah'a yacht 'got np 8fa aa¥ariiMre4ffa,the night The ri»rtdayiMr.M(»wirood die', «jfapoplexy, they fNud j hot I kaew -from -Jiriiet/s-facethe" reMtrup5y"fos"bwn haul." JuBet'hjffHaf portion ol goods remained for Jberr -very, ncanty one?- and -came to -me, penniless, well-nigh , hearbbrokenbutfsllmy own true lore!, my Queen of Women.: . 1 Bsfore lieft her, she had promised to be mine qnce. 'rThs faj fad. getttier. 'man wifawhoinshehad traVriled -ho me,-' .Bnang'.to stay "in Limdbri until! all could-be settied ; arid half lirioto with; happiness, l almost forgot my friends AF tbe Elmi. : i';. 11 ": 'T"- 7: I wrote a 'long tetter to Severn,- hbWr7 eyeq tehmg'famithe bappyfaqdel offayl' iavMtpry. ' Btradge /to -aay, ! Tecavfa' too answer. ; So; just befoSre I was mai-'i ried, I resolved to iriri down arid bid thein: good-bye at the Eliris j arid X corifeas II Wished my iotecrifiw. with Sophie well-: over. ' Yet why l X ' had done nothing for which 1 oeht to ' blrieh, I reaspqed; With iriysrih ,7 - - ' To -my ; amazerhent, tiiB; gajs .'jsgire locked, tire honse" shut up. <3alyau elderly woman, grim, and sour toootr upon, appeared at a . Bide-doqr in.afaswer to my ringing of the bell; . She told me : 'The family 'as gone abroad,?— tb' Paria or France,- or might be "Germany. She wasn't used with foreign parts. The master's address was at 'the .office. If I1 wanted it I tould get it there;! I explained to her how I had forgotten some books and papers in my -harried departure some time since ; and with 'evi dent reluctance, she admitted me. Even the few days' neglect and desertion had sadly altered the beautiful lawn and ter races. It was now ' mid-aatnmn. Ah early frost had scorched and blackened; the blooming parterres. Fallen leaves bestrewed the nnmown turf. The bright geraniums had been removed ; from the porch ; and a long trailer, covered with rosebuds, frost-nipped before their tiirie. swayed loosely in -the freshening wind across the library window. A chill of eadness and dosolation struck upon my heart. My grim companion unlocked the door. I entered— under protest as it seemed. A small douceur, however, im proved the temper of my ciceroue, and I cross-questioned her to some effect. The Severns' departure had beeo strangely sudden. Only a day's prepara tion had preceded .it. They were, how ever, to Bpend the whole winter abroad. They would be a great loss to 'the poor ; they were all so good, 'specially Miss Sophie. .With an inexplicable foeling of regret — nay, self- reproach— I entered my room; It was jnst as I "had left it ; my books and papers lwd neatly together. One book only was out of its place— a volume of Browning's poems. It lay opea on my drCTaiflg-tabl withered roae upon tha page. I bent and read one stanza .which was underlined : Kb ver any. more, Whit i live. Need I hope to see his lace Am before. I put b«ek the dead flower, and closed the book./ I have never opened it since. Poor little Sophie 1 Tri s few days I was married. In a fortnight I was in Switzerland with my wife' I wrote to Severn from Basle ; bot'I suppose the letter never ;reached Jam,: as Triad no- reply? , Xri the spring we 'went back to India, -the happiest pair on earth. I have been truly blest in my noble wife; but — shall I confess?— I often remember Sophie, aud wish I conld hear of her, and wonder if we ever are to ; meet again. « i I wrote the above more than a year ago, when my life's cup seemed full to over flowing and not a cloud dimmed the sky. I write the sequel to-day, a lonely, worn- oat man, with no tie left upon earth eave my motherless babe. A month ago I re tained from India, a 'broken-hearted widower. Lucy has tried to console me. Childless herself, mv dear sister has taken the poor orphan to her heart, and watches over him "with a mother's care. 'Bat, dear me, Walter,' she said yesterday, 'you will be sure to marry again. There is your friend Harry Severn; how inconsol able he was. after the death of -his first. See "bow happy ha is. now ..with, his second.' Severn 1 His named recalled much to my memory. That very hour I visited him at his office. He received me at first, as I thought, coldly; but when I told him of my great sorrow, the man's kindly nature asserted itself ; he became friendly and affectionate as ever. There was a subject I longed to ask him about, a name I longed to pronounce, yet dared not . As I rose to leave, he eaid : ' I won't ask yon to the Elms; Walter. Mary could not bear it. She has never been qnitefht r relf since ' 'Since what ?' I -asked eagerly, my heart sinking strangely. . Severn looked at me in dumb surprise for -a moment or: two ; then he said : ' Can It be possible yon have not heard 7 'What?' I gasped clutching rit .tito back of my chair. '-j He looked fixedly at me, and aud slowly : 'Abont Sophie V ' I have heard nothing. For :G vdV sake, what-ofcirerillcoaid not proniju ace her name. ' Dead ! ' ' ' " Tho/toom'spun round./- 1 "sunk into- chair overwhelmed. - - : ; ' Severn stood befpre me looking/soles lu- "ly in my face.: ' ' She faded from, ns,' Jfa eaid, in 'a voice husky with emotion, - 1 ito j flower. ; ,jO.Hf/ahW.i?rapldxill7>--ttei :next decline. It lasted;for './Wei Aid all we could— -took lher every whuil £qt no nae;: She ;;flro6p®d . dfritjn autumn— :a 7f isfteryhte left uia?I Bo paiied'tmel wipedTti? ejef My pwn overflowed; I could not ephak."1 Ire went -on: ' Our. happy homeiSodtogetKer: broken np. Alfred conld -not bear ' to stay in England after— hejdst Iter. Yon know how muchjhfoql rie-Ariow, we7qioj«d they wfould come tojgstherj arid ho w.rtliatwas alf put an-, end to. He 'has' gone to Rio. J have qperied a hutineas there, of which he has taken bage;; Emily Rrifford briongs .to a Sistethood. She works very hard Only Mary and I are left ; I bavebeeu to her grave in the' beauti- fal-ommby churchyard- jKftme iriindly. hand has made it brightStitii ;npwetB.< A wreath and cross of suow-white blpS- soms are , laid above, the warm, loving heart; now BtiU aqdnold for ever ; and % memory, of what Sag, and what might; have befa; keeps green within iny heart athousarid'tender recoUections. 