>';:K - ' THROWING; Dp"ST.V . ; DrI ; VaughAn tried,' ahcl;' IrL /"the f estima- , tion'of such' ci-eiitiires as Priest iynch! ahd '-tHemore sycbphantic'.Frem to throw-dust into the 'eyes of 'the public by his Sacred Heart speech aboub, his former .speech at;Fbresfc Lodge; ' What the Arch bishop had said at Forest Lodge was reported in utbe -Herald, and, as substan tially correct, was1 nbt ; at ( the time chal lenged arid corrected; Butnow it appears that' the Archbishop': "denies and . corrects what:. He said. SirvHenry ' Parses had referred; in his; address in the House, to the reported speech.- He alluded to it as an instance of what priests will ' do when they have the chance, in dictating to their people what !scho6l ; they must sehd their children, to. Sir' Heriry claims ' that the people: shall' hot be 'coerced ; shall hot be intimidated;1 to: forego 'their 'civil rights; and,; as ; the report had ; said that. Dr. Yaughanhad threatened not to ' confirm children if they were sent to the Public School, Sir Henry Parkes referred to this as an instance of intimidation which it might be necessary to prevent by law; and it might be necessary further, he said, to appoint inspectors to know whether or not sedition was being aught in Papal schools — influencing the children against the State. Such is the substance of the Forest Lodge speech and of Sir Henry Parkes' allusion to. it. But the speech of Dr. Vaughan, at the Sacred Heart, was a reply which we call "casting dust." Dr. Vaughan denies what Sir Henry Parkes alleged; and then explained what he did say. Is the explanation a denial ? Is the denial not an admission of what Sir Henry Parkes alleged ? Is not the denial, with the explanation, a shuffle, which, under the pretence of correcting the former of expressions, really admits what is pre- tendedly denied 1 Let us see. Sir Henry Parkes said : "It was a scan dalous thing for Dr. Vaughan to deny the Bacrament to some pogr children at the Glebe because they attfihded the Public School." Dr. Vaughan denies this " charge," and says that this what he said; "I administered the sacrament to all the children presented, without excep tion. Nor did I refuse to confirm those going to the Public School. I did very differently from this. I said that if there were children going to the Public Schools, and that if I found, from their parents that there was sufficient reason for their doing so, I would confirm them any day." Now, such are the "charge" and the " reply and Freeman, Lynch, and others are full of ecstacies because the reply so utterly annihilates the charge and convicts the accuser. We affirm that the affair is a shuffle, and an impudent attempt to throw Papal dust to blind the unthinking public. What' is the exact meaning of what Dr. Vaughan admits he said? Sir Henry Parkes had said—" Dr. Vaughan refused to confirm the children ;" Dr. Vaughan replies, "I confirmed them all." Sir Henry Parkes says — " Dr. Vaughan re fused to confirm the children who were attending tho Public School ;" Dr. Vaughan replies — " I confirmed the chil dren attending the Public School." All this seems very direct as a refutation of what Sir Henry Parkes said ; but it does not touch the matter. It has a show of refutation ; but the things refuted are of no consequence. . , Now, why did Dr. Vaugdan confirm the: children whom Sir Henry ParkeB stated he refused to confirm ? The blab bing Archbishop let the secret out, but' Freeman, in giving an account pf the jaffaiiy saw the folly of His Grace and sup pressed the point. It was this—" The priest in charge 'assured me that the chil-. dren had been already withdrawn from the Public; School !" Here, then, is a fine instance of giving and taking, or of what logicians call a " shuffle." - 1 ",Nor did I refuse to confirm those children going to the Public School," says Dr. Vaughan ; and now it turns out that there were no children attending the Public School ; for he was " assured " that the children had been already icilMrawn from the Public School ! Is not this something " scanda lous ?" The Herald and Mr. Parkes therefore spoke the truth, only they slightly bungled in ' the way of putting it';' but Dr. Vaughan spoke a deliberate false hood ; for he intended to be very . liberal to the children attending the Public School ; but it was a lie for beffire he confirmed them he. was assured that they had. been already withdrawn from the Public School ! ! "I confirmed," says he,' j" all the children presented. I confirmed those ' attending the Public School ;" but this was'bothtfue and false;— true, that all were confirmed ; false, that he confirmed those attending the Public School ; . for before he confirmed them he was assured that all had been withdrawn ! We call this the most disgraceful ," shuffle " of which a.man pretending to be a man of honour could be guilty. , Free man must have seen the shuffle, but he ' saw that the Archbishop needed to be covered; and so he. suppressed the little explanation ! . But let this go ; for. the poor, devil needs it. Let us ' look' at the vest of his pretended explanation. " I said," says Dr. Vaughan, " that if there .were any children going to the Public Schools and I found from the parents that there was sufficient reason for their doing so, I would confirm them any day." Is not this substantially what Sir Henry Parkes alleged ? Dr. Vaughan, if he found " sufficient reason," said he would " confirm ; but what if he found there was not sufficient reason ? The judging of the reason was with Dr. Yauglum and not with the parents or with anybody else. Dr. Vaughan was to be judge and jury. Here is a woman with two children living at the Glebe. She sends her children to the Public School. The Archbishop is asked to con firm her children. He refuses until he sees whether the " reasons are sufficient." He summons the widow woman before him. " Why do you send your children to the Public School," he demands. " Be cause, your Grace, I like the Public Schools," says the widow woman. " My children learn more at the Public School than at any other ; and the cost is less." " Why don't you send them to the Catholic school?" asks the Archbishop. "Oh," says the woman, "I find that the children do better since I sent them to the Public School than they used to do attending the Catholic school." It is not likely that the Archbishop will consider. such a reason as sufficient ; and accord ingly he will tell the widow, " I will not confirm your children any day." But is not this exactly what Dr. Vaughan de nies ? Is it not exactly what Sir Henry Parkes has most justly affirmed? And is not Buch intimidation, which threatens hell and damnation to children who attend the Public School, a matter which calls for legislation to put the iniquity and the tyranny down ? Now, suppose that the Archbishop says to such a poor woman, " Your reasons for sending your children to the Public School are insufficient ; you have no right to send your children to the Public School ; I order you to send them to the adjoining Catholic school ; and unless you obey, I shall refuse to confirm your chil dren," is not this exactly what Sir Henry Parkes has affirmed, and what Dr. Vaughan pretends, with sham virtuous indignation, to deny ? If the reasons for ;the parents sending their children to the Public School are sufficient in his estima tion he will confirm them ; but in the event of their not being sufficient, he will refuse to confirm them ; — which means, of course, that he will, under the terrors of damnation coerce the parents. What else has Sir Henry Parkes alleged ?. And yet Dr. Vaughan has the effrontery to deny it, and to say, " Sir Henry Parkes is slander ing me i" , Wb have now convicted Dr. , Vaughan out of his own mouth, of falsehood when he said that , he confirmed at Forest Lodge the children attending, the Public School ; for he confirmed all "on the assurance that there .were no such .children ;" and now we have convicted him, also out of of his own mouth, of a scandalous shuffle, in his denying , that he refuses confirma tion, to children attending Public Schools, and yet affirming that before he will con firm such children he must be satisfied by .the parents, that they have sufficient reason for not. withdrawing their children. Jrom Public Schools. ; Brave Dr. Vaughan ! Skilful dust thrower!, Jesuitical impostor ! But it. is. very easy, by. means of , a little , patience \ and common, sense to see through his sham virtue and to detect at the bottom ;of it " scandalous " hypocrisy ! But how, the thing remains which Dr. ! Vaughan denied. He claims a right to .dictate to the parents to what school they shall send their children. He claim.b the right to threaten them with terrible con-: sequences if they dare to send their . chil-, dr'en to Public Schools unless with his permission. The question, therefore, with. Sir Henry Parkes, and with every honeBt citizen is, what is to be done, in these circumstances? Will the law counten- , ance such coercion and intimidation ? Cannot the law interfere to prevent such priestly dictation ? Sir Henry Parkes says " yes ; the legislature may be justified in passing an Act to prevent such priestly interference with the . rights of parents." Dr. Vaughan shouts out " This would be persecution ; this would , be the State forcing the Church to give its sacraments to those who disobey .her." But we answer, "By no means. We don't care si brass farthing about your confirmation; we have no idea of foi'cing you to confirm any children whatever ; we. don't want to interfere with your spiritual functions or sacraments in any way ; but we tell you that if, under color of your spiritual functions, you interfere with parents and force them by intimidation to do what otherwise they would not do, we will not allow such intimidation, and will protect parents in their civil rights and liberties." "Oh," shouts out Dr. Vaughan, "Free masons and Oddfellows are allowed to exclude from the privileges of their socie ties those who will not conform to their rules, and why will you dare refuse the same rights to the Catholic Church? Parents who will not submit to the rules of the Church are quite free to leave ; but if they want the privileges of the Church they must conform to the rules ; and, as one of the rules of the Church is, that the children Bhall not attend Public Schools, I have a right to deny their children con firmation if they will persist ; in sending their children to schools condemned by the Church." We reply, " your Church is as free as. the Freemasons and Oddfellows to deal with your members and sacraments as you please; but if you or the Free masons or Oddfellows set up rules which interfere with the rights and liberties ' of citizens, the legislature will teach you to leave those rights and liberties alone." Freemasons and Oddfellows, however, never do interfere with those rights and liberties. Their members are free to join and free to leave, just as they please ; but it is totally false that the claims of the Church leave her people thus free to join or renounce her as they please. The Church demands that all peoples, kings, and legis lators shall be subject to her ; the Church forbids anyone to leave her grip ; she curses and consigns to perdition any who dare to leave her grip ; the disabilities which she heaps on them are not only future but present — not only spiritual but temporal — to a large extent; and, wherever she has power, she uses scavengers' daughters, racks, fires and prisons to squeeze out all desire from the people to leave her grip ; in fact, she will rather reduce them to ashes than allow them the liberty to leave her grip and think for themselves ! Thus it is that the Papal Church is ever in conflict with a free State. As her claims are thus dominant and tyrannous, a free State needs to tell her perpetually — " You may do with your spiritualities as you please ; but I will not allow you to de prive any citizens of the rights and liber ties which I have conferred upon' them. Convince your people by argument; if you can, that -the rights and liberties which I give the, citizens are wrong; . and let the citizens judge freely; .but if; you will tamper with them, and; bring in your ghosts and bogies, your; purgatories' and your damnations, to frighten the citizens out of the exercise of their free" choice, then, as you are catching , the throat of the State, and warring against its very life, I will teach you that the law iB strong enough to expel you put of' our midst." . ' Sir Henry Parkes and others, who have too long looked, upon, the Papal Church as one of tho,( ' denominations," are; now j learning Ihat Papal .claims are'not transcen- : ! dental, but sublunary. ; not. theoretcal, but 'practical; not religious, , ; but , political. They cannot co-exist with freedom.1 They cannot be. made to square with .British 1 liberty. . They <are . seditious . on principle. ; You may coax -thiem- if .you will ;. you: may flatter, thein. if ( you, rvill; -. but' they are essentially and, ahd -; naturally, ,- and , neces sarily, disloyal to British liberty. If Sir Henry . Parkes would ;only consider that , there . is , need . already, for inspectors to j visikPapai.schoblsj: and Papal .convents, and Papal nunneries, where sedition and > disloyalty and un- British tyranny :'are the very -life-blood of their existence/ Ke would, perhaps, not speak of . what he wnry .do in the, future, -but of .what there .is: need -for his doing now. Courtesy to others, in other words, forgetful- , ; ness of self, real or affected, 'is the' basis of all ' ; true good breeding. \- ; Practice without knowledge is blind,, and , i knowledge without practice is lame. 