ROCKHAMPTON. MONDAY, JULY 26, 1880. THE public meeting held in Brisbane last week does not appear to have been a very impressive or potential demonstra- tion after all. Given a crowd of a thousand people in the body of the hall, and the prominent politicians of the Opposition party marshalled on the platform, and the natural product is a seriesof resolutions expressing dissatisfac- tion with the Ministry. The manner of getting up the meeting was of the back- door entry fashion. No one signed a requisition to the Mayor, and no one put his name to the advertisement. The call to arms was given anonymously to "consider the present political situation," and naturally enough many persons attended the meeting out of pure curiosity, or for the love of fun. The appearance on the platform, how- ever, must have at once conveyed to the spectator that the demonstration was the effect of organised though furtive efforts of political partizans, graced as it was by-the " Great Liberal Chiefs," and their most active metropolitan friends. Mr. Hubbard, a late Mayor, whom the citizens rejected in February last, was moved into the chair, and then Mr. Unmade,, a Brisbane trader of little standing, made the speech of the evening lipon a resolution con- demnatory of the proposed mail service, which,' it declared, " was .calcu- lated to injure the commerce of the colony for many years to come." A serious charge against the Ministry, truly ! But where shall we find the . proof? Certainly not in Mr. Unmack's speech, n9r in the enthusiastic plaudits of a large meeting of political partizans, We have the reports of the ihre« Brisbane papers before us, and fail ta discover any sound arguments against the service in Mr. Unmack's address, Firstly, hp, said, nothing but "abjeci fear " would have induced any' Ministry to make the ratification of the contract i Government measure. Well, this is ac assertion with respect to which there wil be a difference of opinion. Those whc vote with Ministers will probably con sider their decisiveness a proof that having full faith in the beneficial natur« of the contract, and being prepared tc take the entire responsibility of its rati fication, Ministers have shown themselvei fit to. govern their country as. well ai introduce measures to be worried on tht floor of Parliament The Premier, bj express authority of his colleagues, hac made what he believed to be an advan tageous contract in England after lon¡ negotiations, and:he would, have lookec small indeed had he simply laid i before the Assembly with the invita lion-" There is the contract, gentlemen If it does not suit you, throw it out, anc we will try to do better next time.' The London capitalists who had beer induced by the Premier of Queenslanc to enter into the contract, would havi beçn surprised indeed at such an out come of the transaction. They wouk have: rightly concluded that ; responsible government in Queensland had degene rated to. a remarkable extent, if ¡ Government! after entering into such at engagement, had consented to retail office after the repudiation by Parlia ment of its policy on a question of sc great public importance. The making the contract a non-patty measure wouk be ridiculous indeed, for if the Com mittee chosen by Parliament to ad minister the public affairs-that is th< Ministry-were incapable of proped; conducting such a negotiation, they ari fit for. naught but summary expulsioi from office. Mr. Unmack's first point therefore, is one which every persot better acquainted than he is with th« principles of representative governmen will claim the nght to hold an opiniot decidedly adverse to his. Mr. Unmack's next point was that because steamers of 2000 tons woult not ble? able to get up the river for, year to conic, and because the contract boat are. to be allowed to go soutl for "necessary repairs," therefore thi I fixing ¡ of the terminus at Moretoi Bay was mere " claptrap and bum kum." Those ' terms were fitly intro duced by the speaker at a meetini assembled to applaud everything uttered po matter how untrue or inane, in con detonation of the Government and it policy. But any person reading thi contract will see that any attempt ot the part of the company to carry mails passengers, or cargo to Sydney woul( be a . breach of its conditions. Mi Unmack avers that with such a provisii in the contract the steamers would bi everlastingly wanting repairs. But the; are. to be all new boats of the mos improved modem construction, am should not want much in the way o repairs for years to come. It is quiti true, we believe, that the Peninsular ant Oriental Company's boats go into docl every lime they enter Sydney harboui if only for the cleaning of their hulls But they are employed in a servici demanding speed equal to their ful capacity. They were, in fact, not buil to run at such averages as eleven ant ten and a-half knots an hour. Tha docking in Sydney is not requisite is shown by the circumstance tha the Orient vessels, some of whicl run at even greater speed than thi mail boats, are never docked at thi Australian end, unless in very rare casa in consequence of accident. On thii point, also, we assert the right to diffe materially from the opinion of Mr Unmack. The next allegation was that the nev service would cost ,£88,000 a-year, o: ^75,000 more than we could get ou English letters conveyed by way of Melbourne. Well, we frankly admit that if this is really the case, the new contract would not only be a foolish one, it would also be an infamous piece of extravagance ta tb* present fiscal state of the colony. But Mr. Unmack's figures are no more trustworthy than his arguments. He puts the subsidy _ at ¿£55,000, and the loss by exemption from port dues at £3000. This last is fully ¿1000 too muco, but let that pass. His next conclusion is that the Govern- ment will be required to spend £30,000 a-year in attendance upon the mail boats at the several ports. This is a pure fiction. The Government will be required to spend nothing under this head, the contractors having to_ make their own arrangements for delivering and receiving passengers and freight. Moreover, he says, we could get all our mails conveyed by way of Melbourne for ,£17,000 a-year. Possibly, we could, but that is conditional upon two eventualities, representing an unknown quantity. It is not yet known what the cost would be of conveying our mails to and from Queensland and Melbourne. Our opinion is that £20,000 is too low an estimate of the annual cost of an English mail if despatched viâ Mel- bourne during the next seven years; whereas, with the mail service of our own, the payment will not increase, whatever the addition to the weight of our mails. It is true that to the merchants of Brisbane the Melbourne route will be three days quicker than the Torres Strait route under the contract ; but the contractors are building eleven-knot boats, and will endeavour to deUver the mails at Brishane in less time than they are delivered viâ Melbourne. It is true that this is only a promised " endeavour," but recollecting the interest the con- tractors undoubtedly have in making their service a first- class one, and that their vessels will be well able to gain the time indicated, we think the promise is likely to be fully redeemed-Mr. Un- mack to the contrary notwithstanding. The next allegation is that £16 per head for immigrants is exorbitant. Perhaps so ; but it is a trifle less, the Premier states, than the average rate at which immigrants are now conveyed to Queensland by sailing vessels. Besides the contractors will distribute the immi- grants as they pass the ports. "The steamers will call at ports infested with small-pox, and other contageous diseases." So do the P. andO. and E. and A. boats ; yet the quarantine detentions of the latter have not been frequent, even when packed with Chinese like herrings in a barrel. " The service was for the benefit of the squatters, while it was mooted that the poor man's bread was to be taxed." A clincher certainly, if true ; but we are confident that both assumptions are utterly groundless. . Another argument used is that the subsidy gives the contractors a monopoly of the Queensland trade for eight years. But what will the Orient Company, the P. and O. Company, and the owners and agents of sailing vessels be doing in the meantime ? If the British-India vessels win a monopoly, they can only do so by making fares and freights much lower than they are at present, so that the consumers of imported goods, and the' producers of exported articles, will reap the chief profit by the transaction. . Finally, Mr. Unmack told his audience -amidst prolonged applause-that " the merchants as a body were 'thoroughly opposed to the contract." We have by this mail the emphatic assurance of an unquestionable authority that at least three of the leading merchants of Bris- bane-though not of the Unmack status -are warmly in favour of the contract, as the only effective means of arresting the loss of their direct shipping trade. The other speakers at the meeting are scarcely worth notice. Mr. George Grimes is so well known and appreciated that when speaking on the side taken by (he meeting, he could scarcely obtain a hearing ; while it is surely unnecessary to say a word of the weight of such speakers as Messrs. Edwards, Buckland, Prietzcker, and Ebenezer Thorne. In- deed, we feel persuaded thatthe intelligent people of Brisbane-or at least such of them as are not blinded by partisanship or prejudice-only smile at the imposing political demonstration . whose true character it has been our object in this article to expose. WE regret to announce that Mr. W. ll. Buzacott, the editor and proprietor of thia journal, has been seriously ill for some days past from congeatiou of the lungs, and at present lies at his residence in a dangorons Btate. THE traffic earnings on the Central Railway for the week ended July 10, amounted to £800 Gs. 4d., showing, as compared with the corresponding period of last year, a decrease of £235 10a. ii. There was an increase of £7 Cs. Cd. in faros, and a decrease of £218 17s. 8d. in the receipts for goods and stock, and £24 5s. 2d. in the parcels receipts. The traffic earnings on the Southern and Western Railway for the above period amounted to £2G74 12s., Bliowing, as compared with the corresponding week of last year, a decrease of £198 5s. The total receipts for the year up to date were Central linc £34,387 9s. ld., increase £7849 11s. ld. Southern and Western line £93,022 17s. I0d., increase £1008 13s. ld. "BLOW for Blow" was repeated at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to a very fair house, and waa again thoroughly appreciated by the audience. Mr. W. Sea grave's John Drummond ia nndoubtedly one of bis best conceptions, and though he made the character excessively hateful, he was often warmly applauded for his genuine acting. Miss Edith Fender in the dual part of the twin daughters of Jonah Craddock, was very happy, and carried the audience with her from the outset. Mr. South as thc volatile Cliarlcy Sprangs, kept tho house in roars of laughter, in which he was ably backed by his sweetheart Kitty Wobbler. Mus Tulloch, Mr. Tyrrell, and Mr. Andrews were also very good in their respective parts. To-night thc world-renowned operatic satire "Pinafore " will bc produced with a powerful caste. The company have been rehearsing tho piece fuf some weeks, and it has been got up at much expense and care for thc purpose of making it the " bill of the season." We hope to ase the management rewarded with a crowded house. TOE July number of thV Anglo-IeraeÚU is to, hand, and in its leading chapters is an article explaining the prophetic tree which we noticed about a fortnight ago. There are also other interesting Angto-Israet articles fn the issue, ánd without committing ourselves in any way to the theory which the magazine expounds, wa may safely say that it is very interesting. THE Police Magistrate desires us to state that in consequence of the engagement of Mr. Roberts in the Bay the arrangements which had been made for presenting him with the medal awarded by the Victorian Humane Society had to be set aside. But Mr. Pugh has fixed to-morrow (Tuesday) afternoon at four o'clock for the ceremony, bis instructions (rom the Colonial Secretary being that the presentation should bs made as public as pos- sible. The hour named will afford an excellent opportunity of scouring that end, and no doubt there will be a large attendance of the public. THE Cooktown correspondent of tho Courier telegraphed from that place on the 20th July as follows :-At a public meeting held here this evening in favour of the proposed new mail contract, resolutions were carried expressive of indignation at the opposition offered by members for southern electorates to the ratification of the contract with the BritiBh-India Steam* Navigation Company. It was also resolved that in the opinion of the meeting the terms of the proposed contract are most desirable and favourable to the colony, and particularly to the northern districts, and that the members for the Cook district be requested to give their support te the Ministry in securing its adoption. AU the resolutions were carried by large majorities. ACCORDING to special messages in the Observer, dated London, July 17, the policy pursued by the new Liberal Government io England is giving great dissatisfaction. It states :-"Thc Government convened a meet- ing of their supporters, and intimated the desire to consider carefully the claims made as to the Irish franchise. The Home rulers were fully represented at the meeting held, and tho various speakers, during the discussion, strongly denounced the Gladstone Govern- ment for having withdrawn their motion for the proposed extension of the borough fran- chise to Ireland. Strong remarks were also passed as to the neglect Ireland had sustained at the hands of the Ministry.". A message two days later announced that the Mahom. medanB at Adana, Asia Minor, had made a raid on the Christians and massacred a number of them. Prince Leopold whilst on a fishing excursion in Canada is said to have sprained his ankle. THE Obtenir of the 21st contains the following telegraphic particulars oftthe new rush at Temora. It will be noticed that our telegrams to-day state that the number of miners on the ground is daily increasing and water is so scarce that it is sold at 2d. per bucket :-"Sydney, July 20.-It ia estimated here that there are about five or six (hundred diggers at Temora. There are also about twenty-five shafts down on gold, but the greatest difficulty at present exists in the absence of water. There are many thousand loads of dirt at grass, which]miners are unable to wash, owing to scarcity of water. Large I accessions to the already numerous population are constantly arriving by train, and every available means of transit. It il known that numbera are on their way from the other colonies. The miners appear to be of a good class, and are possessed of means. There are only two or three email dams on the field ; but tho miners are busily engaged construct- ing others. The nearest permanent -supply of water at present is on the station of Messrs. Mack and Greams, several rnileB distant. This .was offered to diggers at auction, but the offer, not proving sufficient, was withdrawn. The Golden gate lead has been traced about three miles, and other leads hare been found, but not definitely traoed. Miners without capital should be cautious about coming. The sinking varies from 50 to 130 feet ; the deepest ground is the richest. Tho most con- venient route to reach the field is via Coota- mundra, but the road is very bad." THE senior member for South Brisbane, Mr. R. A. Kingsford, has been lately the victim of much public animadversion. But we are quite sure that he has lost none of the esteem and respect of those whose goodwill is worth having. A maa who always glides with the tide lives an easy life, but he cannot enjoy much self-respect. Political froth is not public opinion, but it pretends to be and is often mistaken for the genuine article. This, Mr. Kingsford, we have no doubt, has long since discovered; he oan therefore appreciate at its true value the undeserved abuse now so bountifully heaped upon him, particularly by one of the metro- politan journals, whose proprietary are well - known to be identified with .the politics of the "Bulimba ring," the members of whioh gnash their teeth in disappointed anguish because Ministers have put their foot unalterably down upon the robbery intended to be perpetrated under oovor of " compensation " for land resumed for the Sandgate railway. The Government have declared that the branch lines shall not be made through private lands obtained on aitch terms, and they have placed at the top of their list of measures their bill to provide for the construction of railways along the ordinary roads and streets. The truth is that the clamour for branch railways has been chiefly caused by the greed of the landowners who expect the Treasurer to sward them lavish compensation for making railways through and giving a greatly enhanced value to their proper- ties. It is quite a mistake, however, to suppose that public opinion does not approve the policy of Ministers in this respect. Mr. Kingsford, aa an old colonist, and a man of spotless integrity, has apparently come to the conclusion that ho is bound to support Ministers in their honest attempt to protect the publict interesta, and to afford rail- way facilities to the metropolitan districts as well as to the far interior. Both Mr. Kingsford and the Ministry will live to sur- vive the hurricane of reproach which to the uninitiated spectator now threatens momen- tarily to overwhelm them. TriE Customs collections at this port from thc loth to 24th instant inclusive amounted to £1251 19s. 8d. AT tho Police Court on Saturday, before the Police Magistrate, one drunken and dis- orderly person was fined ten shillings with the usual alternative. A daughter of Bishop Colenso hos written a history of the Zula war, A REMARKABLE PLOUGH. - A Chicago agricultural journal gives an account of the largest plough ever known to be made, which has t»Bn recently turned out by an. Illinois firm of agricultural machinery makers foreuse on the St. Louis, Iron Mountain, and. Southern Railway. It is attached to a platform car of a construction train in such a way as to cut its ditch a- sufficient distance from the railway line. It will make one mile of a ditch, 2 feet deep and 3 feet wide, every four hours, thua doing the work of-about 1,000 men. The beam is made of swamp oak, and ie 8 inches by 14 inches, the land side being made of bar iron fi inches wide and 1} inch thick, which had to be forged expressly for the purpose, Its total weight is 1,700 lbs. A, GREAT DISOOVEBY.-A Mr. Lamb, of New York, has discovered a new water repellent which answers all the purposes of India rubber, without tho offensivo smell of the latter. Thc decreasing supply of rubber, and the adulteration to which it was subjected, turned Mr. Lamb's attention to thc discovery j of a substitute as long ago as 1865. Re became convinced that in the common milk- weed was to be found the future supply of the artiote, and at once began experimenting in tts culture and the extraction of the gum. His experiment has proved successful. He has succeeded in converting it into a substance similar to rubber in appearance, of superior lightness, and possessing the same qualities, even to the property of vulcanising.-Ex- change. THE TELEPHONE AND DEAFNESS.-Some writers on science do not seem to know it has long been well understood that certain forms of deafness are partially remedied by receiving the sounds through the mouth. The ticking of a watch, which cannot be heard when the watch is planed against the ear, is audible when the watch is put into the mouth, and so on. The Milwaukee Sentinel, when describing the Elgin acoustic telephone, says t-" It is ex- tremely simple and economical in construc- tion." The article states :-"But the mpst wonderful test is the one which has been tried of getting at such a distance from toe instru- ment that by ho possibility can sounds' be beard, and then taking the wire between the teeth. A person quite deaf can understand words spoken in a moderate tone, the effect being the same as follows from the UBO of ah audiphotfe. "-Eleclritian.' , THE PRESS' GOES ~FB.EE I-One of the beauties and charms of an editor's life is in his dead-heading it on all occasions. No one who has never tasted of the sweets of that bliss can begin to take in ¡te glory and its happiness, lie does £20 worth of advertis- ing for a railroad, gets "a pass " for a year, rides £5 worth ; and then he is looked upon as. a dead-head or a half-blown dead beat. He "puffsI' a concert troupe £2 worth and gets five shillings ' in " compliraen taries " and is thus passed "free." lt the hall is crowded be is begrudged tho room, for if his pompli mentaries were paying tickets the troupe would lie BO much more in pocket. He blows and puffs a church festival free to any desired extent, and does the poster printing at half rates, and rarely gets a 11 thank you" for it. He does more work gratuitously for the town and community than all. the rest of the population put together, and gets cursed for it all, while in many instances,, where a man who donates a few dollars for thc. 4th July base-ball club, or , a church, is gratefully' remembered. Oh 1 it is a sweet to be an editor. Ho passes "free," you know. American Paper. DEATH or THE REV. T. CAMTDELL -It is also our (Port Denison Times) sad duty to have to announce the very sudden death, early on Friday morning, 16th instant, of the Rev. Thomas Campbell, sometime Presbyterian minister in this town. Deceased, who in answer to a call made to him by the Presbyterian body of Bowen, arrived here in the month of December last, had for many Sears past been a victim to that slow and fatal isease known as .consumption, but it was thought by his medipal adviser and friends in Brisbane that the, healthy .atmosphère of Bowen try gb t, have a beneficial effect upon him, and indeed for à short, time after his arrival here such a happy result was found to be the case, as the rev. gentleman's state of health was for some time after his arrival found to be much improved ; but the fatal disease from which he had so long and so patiently suffered had made too great inroads into a constitution nover one of the strongest, and shortly after midnight on Friday the spirit of a true Christian man passed quietly away, to stand before that Judge who snail reward every ono of ÜB according to our deedB done here on earth. Deceased was at tho time of his death aged 27 years, and it is needless for us to state that deep sympathy it is felt for his sorrowing widow in this her ¡present deep affliction, AN ANTIQUARIAN DISCOVERY IN JUTLAND. -The Pall Mall Gazelle correspondent at Copenhagen writes:-"An interesting and probably unique discovery has been made close to the town of Randers, in Jutland, of a grave, dating probably from the sixth or seventh century, containing the remains of a woman who had been buried in her richest attire, it being still possible to trace the dress, which had been interwoven with gold thread. Across the chest were laid two bands with a kind of gold lace, on the top of which again were laid some ornaments composed of coloured gloss beads, some having an outer shell of gold leaf, and several cut like diamonds, as well as a small perforated silver coin. To the left of the body was found a knife, a pair of scissors, a small whetstone (for needles), and a small glass cup, which was broken in pieces. In thc tomb was also found the remains of a wooden pail with iron bands, which had con- tained the food supposed necessary to support the deceased on her journey to Hades. This discovery affords another proof of the excep- tionally high position occupied by the women in Scandinavia during heathen times, in com- parison with nearly all other countries. The body had evidently originally been enclosed in a boffin of rough oaken planks. Great interest is taken in the scientific examination of the silver coin, by which the actual period may be at least'approximately ascertained." AN UNFORTUNATE WHITE WHALE.-The Duke of Sutherland has presented to the Museum of the Royal College of Surgeons the skull of a white whale IDclphinaptcrulrucas), taken alive near Dunrobin, which presents a most remarkable evidence of an old extensive injury and subsequent recovery. This ceta- cean hos been but very rarely observed in the British seas, and there would seem to be but one other recorded instance of one having been caught alive. The specimen in question was, writes thc Rev. Dr. Joass, of Golspie, found close to the salmon nets near the Little Ferry, about three miles to tho eastward of Dunrobin, on the 9th of June, 1879. It was caught by the tail between two short posts to which a stay rope of a net was fastened, and a salmon of 18 lb. weight, which was supposed to havo boen the object of ita pursuit, was found in front of it. It measured 12J feet in length. In its efforts to escape it had broken its back-between the third andlfourth lumbar vertebras, and it had a recent wound on the front of its head, nearly five inches long and three broad. It was seen two days before its capture, and the fisherman seeing it approaching against the ebb took it for a ghost. Professor Flower, in exhibiting the prepared skull to the Zoological Society of London, stated that the skeleton showed that the whale had been a perfectly adult animal, that the atlas had been dislocated off the occipital condyles, and this completely so, and thc bones had afterwards become firmly fixed by deposits of new bony matter in such a way as to enormonsly narrow the aperture for tue passage of the spinal cord. There was no appearance whatever of any discaso of the bmes, and there could bc ito reasonable doubt but this dislocation was the result of accident. It is certainly difficult to imagine how euch an acci'lent could have happened ; such a dislocation is often brought about by a fall on one's head, but aquatic animals arc not liable to such a catastrophe-even, thinks Professor Flower, a violent collision of the head against a r.> k or ship could scarcely have brought it about. It seems marvellous that after such an accident tho unfortunate whale could have contrived to pursue and capture living prey. For a time it would almost scorn certain its general powers must bave been interfered with. After recovery its head was fixed: quite awry of ita body, and this may . account in'some measure for its wandering so far from its ' natural home and for the facility of "its . capture. 