CURIE! & CLARICE ; OR, TZMcli Heart was Trues i... A STORY OF THE AEFECT10XS. ?Cs'hc luot LaSy Larche as she was going to !ior room. ? You do nit look tmicli bettor for yonr bolidaj' Miss-Erccl!,' eiid her lsdjcliip, her ejes lingir jnj^.'on the wliit.1 cold'face. ; r*2fo; 1 hsTG booc-disappointed,' answered the gisti-rad Lady Tjireh::, lealing-, from the i'oriorn piftuner cud £nu'tont3, uii&t-someLiiing;' wm wrong, ? said munae. Sho rras one of the few -who under stand thiitthotriieit sympathy is silent. ? Carmen west cuts her own room. . It was well for. her that io antics invited hur. ; It was the same TOOm flic had left that morning so light of jjdaifcj eo nnnttcra L-iy happy; nothing was changed— Tint ecv v.-is not Lord Kyeburn's^wife. iShetoDk off'tiio ? ^Ktty bonnet that had been a source e£ delight to her, and gat down to think jabbuthtr lor, -to ponder over the saddest fate that ?iad evtr rallca to the lot of a yonng girl. ; *1 a iriie, yot no wife,' she Eiid — 'I am , niamea» axHl-yec I am ciugle. : Fate has treated jae cruelly V '?'Ser anger end ' indignation ? wors greatest bcaiast theinti who had caused all this mieerv. ?l-efith.*vould hardly ba too great a punishment i'oriim. Bhe wondered if he had deceived anv cn» eteoMn the oimo fashion, if ho had carodied oaeof the niost holy and solemn services of the Church, to the rn:n and destruction of 'others. Th^ iSpani3h blood taa't ran in her veins eeesned to bs ' on fire. Shu was filled with anger. How dnre j any man pi^ywithan oSce so holy andeacred? i She hadi'.'en that Lord Eyeburn wan quite an ranch disuvyed as herself. If he had treated thti jaaUer lightly, if ho had jested or smiled, she ? rould have gone bict at once to Liabon ; but h;a i-iiniiy -»v;-ls us frreic as her own, his sorrow and is anger to-j. Tho wrong should soon be righted, i-.ohai st.id — and ehe knew that he would do his ; est; but, all the came-, a cold terribleforeboding ?-mco.trt-.T, :i dread of evil to come, a vague ? .v!V Uist lli'.'y w-jre parted — never to bo hus . .?:'.-U c^.: Triie. ?-'!. - was tjjgle-minded and generous. She had \- :'V;y ^iveii a ;hought to the worldly advantages N.n msi-tia^e would brmg her. The Earl of Eye . *? ? i;1!: zhu.il, eho thought, be a wealthy man. V;!.-:;:i.-? the title, moncv, nor position troubled ?.?.:?_--. i Genghis. It was her love for him. Si-j '.riad to corcuVrt herself by thinking that, ' fc?r all, the tcarriL'^e would soon takn place, ? \t\\-iT on the tuorroTr or the day after, &b; soon as ?':-???* :uld aiTcujc it. in the meantime what was 'or a !ous time the sense of burning indigna :^n, of angry wi'uih, of injured pride, drove ? p --,y the patcos r.nd ecrrow; but, as thehoura p&.;sed* bitter a~q;uisli seemed to master her. It lwe:;^ no ini'Laer thun these words — 'There was no ittiarrijge — I am ::ot hi3 wife.* ! .&!:??? went to her room that evening before 9 oclo^'i. A i; J- on the niorning following she sat jin the sies chair. Those long hours of thenight .?had gc s.a wr-iio che had been trying to realise ^hat i .id iiani;onod to her. ; It tr^i wei'l fu.it she had wort, and must bestir {her5^1f. iSix' liesrd a movement in the nursery, and she t^ir il.fc rhe must rouse herself and go shithcr. Sns bathe?, her T?hit-- face in fresh cold- water; liatihe lov-::y ijkom had gone from it. ?l-.looij.liie a tiower that has been out in the IS'ist-aiiiAhi.-ccll all sifjlit,' sbe said to herself. ; Slany weeddring frlances lingered on her. llridy la-ciiefijit Euro that some great calamity liiad overtaben^bcr, tbat she had met with some .jn'cat sorrow ; liutno word was spoken; and no one in the vast mansion auspc-eted that the beauti ?tui young (?-cjTeni--so had juBt diBCovered that she ;\7a3»;oi..r.he^-.Tife of the uan she. loved. : CHAPTER XXVIIL ' Tho Ei=!b of June. In. the drawing-room of Norwood IkuEe tho conntcss and her daughter ?eat resting af acr.&io-f; atigae of a breakfast given to n iovr frtands. A letter had been receivedfrom the earl, saying that tie return had been un avoidably postponed for £ivo or three days, but ithat lie was certein to be home by the tenth. He hrishrf his wife-to-tail 3jor3 Eyeburn that, and to 'add that ssventeoa dnjs *ould be tjnite sufficient timofor their !)csinc?E. 1 Tho counat-ss had just. bethought herself of the imcKEaqe, which hail cot yet been delivered. : '1-wish,' Flie said in :i piaintire voice to Lady Clarice, ? Uiat j-our paji.i, would not burden me .witi; racssu^js ; hebno7.-3.tu.-tl have more than (enough to think about.' Lady Gorc'jn Kay laughed a little, as ehe'didat moat if her mother's repiaings. There was a «ariousjy sirrmg rJ'^ction i.ftwcen the two, yetin 'cverythinjf Lady Cordon iluy was greatly her liiother's-HupGrlor. Abe Iif. d a fashion of treating rhe counters -sory much like a refractory child; she laoghed at he:- persistent indolence, she ?humoured all- tier ^etty whims and caprices. She was.moja like iho mother than the child, while .Lady Xorwood had the most exalted idea,j of her daughter's gilts and bright intelligence. ? I EnppoEe, Ciiiriue.that message most goto iin-p-? It is rst.hji- inconsiderate of vnnr Mn« - ?but husbands never are considerate. if I had ;allowed little-things to- trouble me, I-shonld have iloEfall my cerre. Clarice, ia your— is Lord Eye hnrn coming to-day V ' -Tho lovely face flashed hotly; the girl bent her lead over her booi. . ' I do uot know, mamma/.- sho replied. ?Let me think,-* said the countess; 'he was here last Thursday. I have ootBeen-him'since; lave you, Clarice i' ' Ho, lasmraa, I have not.' ' There is sach a difference in lovers.* e&id; Lnrlv Uorwood, in the same plaintive tones. * - Some are quite troublesome.-. J«o one caa-sayifhat-of lord Kyebnrr..J A smi'.o T.hat hed some BitterneBS-in 'it played ronnd the sweat month. * We cznaot sayy mimma. that he'bo? tried us,' ^he said. *Xooking back, I 'do not find that be . ias ever paid us a voluntary vieit-; ho comee olways when yonnsk him — seldom or never with out/ ? I attribute it to the stranga position in which ' you stand toward each other. There is one thing f-'cestiun — we have never heard one word of his Admiration for anyone ehe, have tret' V '4To; -we have not,' replied iady Gordon I }?;-,! 'I will tell you. what I thini, Clarice,' said tho ''; 'iCOnntesE, with a little noro-energy than usual. « I 'jing anlionourablo-man, he will not mention it — - , jlie will never eay-ono word about it until 'he has 'ee»n your father -and the business part- is -ieetQea.' V- 'Serhaps not,* o!low(-a-^Lady Gordon. r3!ay, jeighing as she fpoke. She would have pre-: ;, iftrrefl hie thinking 'lees of 'business' anoVanorerof; fwherseU. ? : A-- ;«3!li4*est. thing, rCIari6e,.-will: be for.ytfnvto, ifcite* iiots find tell'lordEyeb-urn.-frlvaffy/jDr: ?o very tired. Doit at once, my dear; he will have the note this evening, and will probably call.' There was something almost pathetic about tho manner in which Lady Clarice hastened to obey her mother. She had never written to the young nobleman before, and she loved him so well. It was quite a labour of love. She went to the little escritoire made of inlaid wood and silver, aud satdowato write to him. She looked at the sheet of paper. ?If I could write there what I should iike to say,' Ehe thought, 'it would be, 'Oh, dearest, wliy will you not Jove me ? V.Thy are you so cold and so siltnt? Why do you s'hrink from me rather than seek me ? Why do you avoid me ? I auifair ia the eyes of other men? Why am I not in yours ? I love you, cold and silent as you are; why can you not love mo? I listen and -wait; but from your lips never falls one kind, one tender word for ine.' If I wrote that, what would he say or do P Would ho like it? Would the cold calmness of his face break up and gleams of tenderness brighten his eyes ? How I long to do it !' She held the pen lightly poised above the paper; the temptation was great ; but les conven- ances were too much for her. Her first letter must be a model of propriety ; itmust begin, ? TJy dear Lord Eyeburn,* and end, ? Yours very sincerely, Clarice Gordon Hay.' There must be no foolishness in it, not one word too nincu cr too little. It was pretty to see how she chose the sheet of paper with her prettiest monogram— 'C. G. H.'— the envelope with the clearest crest ; it was pretty, yet piteous, because it showed how ahe loved him. ' Clarice, te!l Lord Eyeburn to call this even ing,' said the countess. ' We shall be at home. I do not. intend going out.' ' I think, mamma, it would bo better to leave it to him,' ehe returned gently. ' Ho may be busy.' She longed to write it, but her pride would not let her. IE he caroa to come, he would come; if not. he should not have to decline her invitation. The letter was written and despatched ; but, contrary to their e^pL-ctatiou lie came. The lamps the magnificent room. The countess was the first to speak to him. ' Lord Eyeburn,' she said, ' you look iike your own ghost. Have you bten ill ?' ? No ; but London does not Buit ine,' he replied. Then Lady Gordon came forward to speak to him. She wore a dress of plain white silk, cut square, with long hanging sleeves that left her arms bare to the shoulder — a dress' copied from some old picture which pleased her artistic taste. Hor fair imperial loveliness dazzled him. She holdout her hand to him, and he bent low over it. ' Yon received my letter ?' she said. — ' Tee,' he answered. ' l)o yon remein7,'er anything in connection with itr* Lord Eyeburn looked puzzled. Her bright clear tyes were fixed on his face, as though she could read his soul and ovcry thought in it. l aonot quite understand, tie said. Sue shook her head with a charming gesture of -3isra tisfaction. 1 You do not remember that it is tho first I have Trril'L-n to yon r* sbo said. ' Is it f No, I did not think of it, Lady Clarice,' ho replied simply. 6h» Ianghed, but there was a little ring of pain inhorkughter. 'Evidently you will not keep it as a souvenir,' Ehe said. ' -^y^e:a Clarice,' put in the countess, ? people doa't do such things nowadays. '.I should say that the only cases in which letters are preserved are where there seems to be a likelihood of an action for breach of promise.' Lord Eyeburn could not help laughing at the matter-of-fact tone and wordB. Lady Gordon Hay 6hrugged her shoulders. 'You have no poetry in your composition, mamma,' Ehe said. Then, glancing at Lord Eye burn's face in the full light, she remarked 'entlv ' You are looking very ill. Have you been ill ??'' Something inter manner seemed to evoke the truth. No one could look at that most loveiy face and utter one false word. ? I have been ill in mind,' he Eaid. ' I understand. It is Lancedene,' she whispered ? and he thought the light of sympathy that was on her fair face the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. ' His heart wanted to her; he lonc-edtoconfiMn in her, to toll her the wholoo£hia sad story. Why was she not his sifter p How he could have loved her had heaven made her anything on earth but what she was ! ' I do not lite to see that expression of quiet EuCeririgoa your face. Lord Eyeburn,* she. said. ' I wieh yon v. ould make up vour mind to trust nse.' ? I wish to heaven I couia !' ho returned drearily ' But all the perplexities of my life will Boon cease, Lady Ciariec.' ? I hope they will,* she said to herEe'f. She laciedthat they tiere all due to Lancedene. Ho was in soro Etraita she knew. Ah, if he would but accept her and her money She could go to him, her bands laden withgold; and gold would soon put an end to all his anxiety?' She longed to.tell him so; but she could not. She could not he the first to break the barrier of ico erected between them. The coldness andre serve were none of her creating. She lovedhim and, if he had hut loved her, she would have con soled him. As it was, she did her best. She would not think of him as the lover who was always studiously cold to her, bntas the man she lored in trouble. She found him a seat near her. She was so bright, so gracious, so sweet, she might have wiled the heart from any man ; but, while she talked to him, tried to cheer him, bent her sweet flower-like face over him, smiled her aweeteet smiles, chose chose her pieasantest words, he was thinking of Carmen. He was contrasting the charming Southern face with tho imperially lovely -one at his Bide. me contrast was nntair. Me loved Carmen with the one love of his heart. Clarice was nothing more than a kindiy beautiful woman. Nothing could tale his heart or his love from Carmen. He re peated that over and over again to himself while he was listening to Lady Gordon Hay, Suddenly he fonnd thatshe had stopped talkinc, and he iiad-not noticed when she gtouped. SlTe laughed. ' I found it was useless to say any more. ? You did not hear me,' she said. He begged her pardon, and, collecting his scattered thoughts, he talked to her pleasantly All the time he was thinking to himEelf that he must hnrry his arrangements so as to marry Carmen on the morrow. He had tree days' respite and it would be well to have the marriage over before the earl returned. At the Central Police Court, yesterday mominir Ann Maloney was fined £5 or three months' imprison' ment for nsinc obscene laneiinffe. Henry Harris convicted, on his own confession, of having stolen a pair of trousers, valued at 10s, the property of Joseph Silcoi, was sentenced to pay a penalty of 20s or three days' imprisonment. Bobert Croal, for indecency was seDt to gaol for seven days. Patrick Brown, an idle and disorderly person without any lawful means of support, was sentenced to throe months' hard abonr. Two yonths, Henry Calbort and Samuel Bsssell, fonnd gnilty of playing pitch and toss on the AEn&ndale; Estate, were fined 10a cr four days' gaol. The n6nat-monthlr«eSBion of tho Excelsior Degree TemDlc. workinc ucder tbe iurisdiction of tha Ric-lif Worthy Grand Lodge, was held in the Temperance Hall on Friday evening, Brother Harry D&nziger;, Degree Templar, presiding. Several members of the order produced certificates entitling them to receive he degree of Charity, whioh they received, thn 'De- cree rTemnkr beiscr ablv nBRlsted bv Brother Pacr. P.D.T.. Brother Wilcox, D.V.T., and Bister Engle staff, D. Chip. After recess, the temple proceeded with the election ef financial secretary, two candi dates being nominated for that office. Brother Smith and Brother Lesley both polling tho same camber of votes, Brother Dacziger gave his casting vote in favour of Brother Lesley, wlio was afterwards installed by the G.S. Brother Jamos, assisted by the G.M. Brother Crowley. Brother Moorcroft, of St. John's Lod^e. preEentedthe traplewith a very hand some seal, for which he received a special vote of thanks. Several items -of bnnineiu were held over tfJlnextfieBiionVowingtoflieZatflneesofthenour. The tempUj was then oloied irith the usual ceremonies. A great. maay visitors wen' present, and expressed themselves highly .pleiaed at the manner is whioaihe 