THE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. (FROM A MELBOURNE CRICKET CORRESPONDENT.) MELBOURNE, SATURDAY. Having witnessed most of the matches between this colony and New South Wales since their institution, and having taken part in some of them myself "in the brave days of old," when Tommy Wills, Bryant, Elliott, Marshall, and others were giants in the land, it has struck me that the cogitations of "an old hand" on the late match may be interesting to the numerous readers of the Herald, and as it is a labour of love to me to write on my favourite sport you are welcome to my lucubrations if you think them worthy of printer's ink. Tak of "the glorious uncertainty of the turf," we will drop that sporting proverb now as applied to four-footed animals, and confine it to the bipeds who wear flannels and wield the willow and chase the flying ball. Glorious uncer- tainty! Mr. Editor, on Friday morning amongst the knowing ones, it was generally allowed that Victoria was lucky in winning the toss, but yes, "but" (there is always that "but") that to have a chance of beating New South Wales, Victoria must put up 300 runs at least on such a wicket. The ground was fast, hard, and rather bare of grass. The least snick got 4 ; the day was close and warm, with a north wind - the kind of one, that means a souwester and heavy rain in twenty-four hours - lucky then was Victoria in getting first innings. If any one had asked Joe Thompson or Gough, or Sir Thomas (who were in the stand reserve), what odds they would lay against Sydney being beaten in one innings, I believe 20 to 1, perhaps 50 to 1 could have been "pencilled." A long and a close match was what every one expected, and lo! by 5 p.m. on Saturday, Sydney was beaten in one innings, and by 96 runs to spare. That this result was to some extent due to the four or five hours rain early on Saturday morning there can be no question - but the real truth is, that the bowling of Sydney was very so-so, the captaincy not A1, the fielding not bril- liant, and their batting far from what it was expected or should have been. The bowling analysis speakes for itself, and one thing I think it speaks, and that is, that on a sound true wicket no good batsman need fear Spofforth. The other New South Wales was very mediocre, and Coates as a captain and bowler was not the Coates of old. The fielding was very streaky - here and there brilliant at times, but on the whole certainly not A1. A good slow bowler, of the old school, not the half-and-half bastard style called slow now, would have been invaluable to Sydney, but they had not one. No wonder that hitters like Alexander and Tommy Horan got runs, and the very fact of Kendall, who is only a slogger at best, getting second score speaks volumes. I think Blackham played the best "cricket" for Victoria, then Horan, then Alexander. By "cricket" I mean the game as good judges like to see it played. Allan amuses the crowd, with whom he is a great favourite, but he is a very useful man, and no mistake, with all his hanky- pankyism - very different to the Kendall stamp, as he can play the game and hit too when he gets an opening. With a good - really good - slow bowler, like our Dan Wilkie when in his prime, Sydney would have saved 150 to 200 runs at least. On very fast grounds (when with fast bowling runs will make themselves, and very quickly to) there is nothing to keep the score down like a good slow bowler for a change, and Sydney had none. Three hundred and thirty-eight is a long score for the pluckiest and best men to face and requires some getting, but the believers in New South Wales felt sure it would be accomplished. The reason why Sydney did not get anything like a decent score was that the Victorian bowling was very good and judiciously handled, although Boyle did go on first him- self. The fielding was better, the men kept their places well, and the generalship, altogether better than Sydney's. A good wicket- keeper like Blackham, too, is a host in himself. I remember once hearing an old player who was fond of "going into her" remark, when looking on to some easy-looking bowling like Cooper's, "Go right in, man, and hit her smack from the pitch, don't funk." There was a wicket-keeper then called Lockyer behind the sticks, and when Cooper was bowling there was one "behind" every bit as good, called Blackham, and it is that little fact a batsman cannot forget, and which causes him to hesitate and only half go in, and then he knows with what result. How's that umpire? It seems so absurd, and there is such a roar all round the ground and in the grand stand, and the batsman looks so sheepish as he walks back to the pavilion. C. Bannerman is only the ghost of himself now. I hope he will soon re- cover his health and his form. Nat Thompson, the veteran of 21 matches, was lame, Garrett very unwell - the more credit to him for his good play in the second innings - and then Tindall had to leave the ground owing to illness in his family, and could not go in a second time. A. Banner- man to my mind is the most reliable batsman of the team. Murdoch was unlucky in his second innings, the ball bumping and hitting him on the back of the hand and so on to the wicket. Massie is the coming man. I had not seen him before. He has a lot to learn, but he has what no practice can give a man, and that is a beautiful style, and his play reminded me of some one or two brilliant players of the olden time. I need not name, as no one now would be a bit the wiser, but he has a lot to learn yet, or rather unlearn if he can, ere he is perfect. Tindall had a considerable share of luck in getting his 52 ; he made some good hits ere the Blackhan-cum-Cooper arrangement came off. "What stuff that bowling of Cooper's is" I heard some one say, and it does look like stuff. Very nasty stuff, too, when Blackham is handy to assist "the work," as Tindall found to his cost. And old Nat. caught in the same way - you should have known better after all the years you have played. In the second innings A. Bannerman's, "run out" was a sad blunder, just as he was getting well set and good for a hundred. I fancied it was Garrett's fault, though of course it was for Garrett to have judged the run, and, being ill, he was right not to have risked a short run, still I think he could have made it at a pinch had he backed up well, and thus have saved so good a man. I was very sorry to see it, and many others were also, for I wanted to see the two play on a bit together. When A. Bannerman went in it was seen to be all up with New South Wales, for no one believed that Powell, Coates, and Davis could pull up enough to save the one innings, and Allan soon put the finishing stroke to the game. It will be seen that, altogether, he bowled in the match only 38 balls for 16 runs and 5 wickets, so that he still may claim the title, I think, I gave him years ago, as "the bowler of a century." He was loudly cheered by the spectators when he bowled Coates and finished the match. The fielding of the Victorians was excellent. Slight's miss in the long field was owing to the sun being right in his eyes. Palmer nailed Powell very cleverly in the long field. It is the most decisive victory ever scored in an intercolonial match, and will make the next one that is played more than ever in- teresting and attractive. There was a very general feeling of disappointment, how- ever, at the match being so one-sided, and a feeling also that it was hardly what on the turf is termed "true running." A close and exciting finish on Monday was hoped for by those who don't care which side wins so long as they see good cricket. But man proposes and God dis- poses, so it is no use grumbling, as cricket matches are not "arranged" as horse races sometimes are. As a first-class display of cricket all round, however, the match was very disappointing. That Victoria had great luck in winning the toss is certain, and that from various causes before stated luck was still further against New South Wales cannot be denied, but I don't think the rain sufficient excuse for the small scores obtained, although I heard Garrett say that Victoria, on the Saturday, could not have made more than a hundred against the New South Wales bowling, which, in the absence of Evans, was not so strong as it might have been. New South Wales had some luck in getting rid of Horan. The umpire must have been very deaf. It was one of those blunders that at Sydney in a close game would have prob- ably caused a row, but at Melbourne the crowd is very im- partial, and all the New South Wales players will bear witness, I am sure, to the impartial manner in which "any- thing" good is cheered by spectators on the M. C. C. ground. It is the "cricket" they cheer here, not the man who shows it, and this is as it should be always. The M. C. C. ground looked very well, on the two days, and was well set off by the crowd round the turf. The stand, which gives a splendid view (indeed, I expect it is the best stand in the world), was well filled, but the club sadly wants a new pavillon. At luncheon it was crowded, and I heard that several of the N. S. W. team could not get a seat on the first day. The club enclosure was well-filled, and amongst the crowd I recognized many lights of other days - past Intercolonial heroes, many now, alas, almost forgotten by the rising generation. But I was pleased to welcome Harry Hilliard once more, and to shake hands with the veteran Tunks, whom I had not seen for nearly twenty years. Near them, chatting on the past, was the veteran Tommy Wills, looking hearty and well. I cannot refrain from adding that I have seen better bowling, and also fielding, in former Intercolonial matches. We will say nothing of the batting, but as we old hands must not give way to that horrid colonial habit of blowing, I will not institute further comparisons, but conclude with the hope that when the rival colonies next meet on the green sward I may once more be there to see. We take the following account of the second day's play from the Argus of Monday : - Play was resumed at 12 o'clock on Saturday, in the presence of a concourse of about 9000 spectators. Rain had fallen during the night, to the no small annoyance of the New South Welshmen. The ground, however, had not been seriously affected, and the clouds, which were a threatening aspect in the morning, gradually cleared away. The total of the Victorian innings was 338, and before the stumps were drawn on Friday evening the New South Wales team had commenced their innings, and had obtained 12 runs without losing a wicket, the batsmen being Murdoch and Davis. The game was resumed on Saturday by Boyle bowling a maiden from the east end to Davis. Blackham was at his usual post behind the wickets. In the third over, and after only two more runs had been scored. Davis was cleaned bowled by Boyle. A. Bannerman was sent in next, and he and Murdoch kept hitting out at the bowling of Palmer and Boyle until 40 was telegraphed. Kendall then relieved Palmer, and Boyle relinquished the ball at his end to Alexander. This change proved judicious, for immediately afterwards Murdoch was had in the slips by Kendall off Alexander, and C. Bannerman, who joined his brother, was caught of the same bowler by Allan between slip and point, or in third man's position. Three excellent bats had thus been disposed of for 45 runs, C. Bannerman not having made one run. Tindall then joined A. Bannerman, and being favoured with a good deal of luck he ran up to 52, the largest score of the innings. In running out to play one of Cooper's twisters he was stumped by Blackham. After missing the ball he made no effort to regain his ground, knowing, doubtless, that the attempt would have been useless when Blackham was behind the wicket. A. Bannerman played for a while in his usual masterly style, and scored 18. He then endeavoured to send one of Boyle's balls to leg, and accidentally snicked it in the air to short-leg. Blackham went for it at once, and secured the catch. Massie was the only other man who made any stand. He displayed finished cricket for 19 runs, and was then caught by Cooper in the slips. The innings closed for a total of 139. The Victorians were thus 199 to the good, and the New South Wales men had, therefore, to follow their innings. Unfortunately Tindall had received a telegram calling him home in consequence of a relative being seriously ill, and as he had to leave for Sydney by the afternoon train he could not play in the second innings. Murdoch and C. Bannerman were sent first to the wickets this time, and when only 4 runs had been obtained Murdoch was bowled by Alexander. C. Banner- man was again caught before he had been long in, and his brother Alec was run out through his own fault soon afterwards. Garrett, who was run out for nothing in the first innings, was the only one who made a decent score in the second. By excel- lent cricket he ran up 47, and the remaining wickets fell for very small figures. The total was only 103, and the result was therefore a signal victory for Victoria by an innings and 96 runs. The fielding of the Victorians was faultless, and the subject of general admiration. Horan's activity and quick returns were specially commented upon. The only miss made during the day was a catch which Slight failed to hold at long-on, and it was due to the sun being in his eyes. The bowling of Allan, Alexander, and Cooper was worthy of high commendation, and Boyle, Palmer, and Kendall also bowled well. To Boyle's selection and management of his team the result of the match is also in no small degree to be attributed. A valuable silver horn, presented by Mr. C. Pleasance, for the highest scorer in the team, and a prize offered by another member of the club for the player who should show the best all-round cricket, have been both awarded by the judges especially appointed to Alexander ; and a five-guinea prize, presented by Mr. Trump, for the best bowler, was won by Allan. The following are the scores and bowling analyses : - VICTORIAN ELEVEN. FIRST INNINGS. Alexander, 3, 2, 1, 3, 2, 1, 1, 4, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 1, 4, 2, 1, 3, 3, 4, 4, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 1, c. A. Bannerman, b. Coates 75 McDonnell, 4, 4, 4, b. Spofforth 12 Horan, 4, 4, 1, 3, 4, 1, 1, 4, 3, 2, 1, 4, 4, 4, l.b.w., b. Coates 43 Slight, 4, 2, 1, 2, 1, run out 10 Campbell, 1, 1, 4, 1, 1, b. Spofforth 8 Boyle, 1, 1, 1, 4, 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 3, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 2, 2, 3, c. A. Bannerman, b. Coates 36 Allan, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4, 4, 1, 1, 1, 4, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 2, c. Massie, b. Garrett 34 Blackham, 4, 2, 2, 3, 1, 2, 2, 4, 1, 3, 3, 1, 1, 3, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4, not out 41 Palmer, 1, 2, 1, c. Spofforth, b. Coates 4 Cooper, 1, 1, 1, 2, 4, 4, l.b.w., b. Spofforth 13 Kendall, 2, 2, 1, 3, 2, 4, 4, 1, 3, 2, 1, 3, 4, 3, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, b. A. Bannerman 43 Byes, 4, 1, 4, 1 ; leg-byes, 1, 3, 4,1 - 19 Total 338 BOWLING ANALYSIS. - Spofforth, 180 ballß, 121 runs, 9 maidens, 3 wickets ; Thomson, 16 balls, 11 runs ; Coates, 160 balls, 85 runs, 10 maidens, 4 wickets ; A. Bannerman, 41 balls, 18 runs, 5 maidens, 1 wicket ; Tindall, 80 balls, 58 runs, 5 maidens ; Garrett 72 balls, 26 runs, 6 maidens, 1 wicket. NEW SOUTH WALES ELEVEN. FIRST INNINGS. Murdoch, 1, 4, 2, 2, 3, 4, 1, 4, 2, 2, 2, c. Kendall, b. Alexander 27 Davis, 4, 1, b. Boyle 5 A. Bannerman, 4, 3, 2, 2, 1, 2, 4, c. Blackham, b. Boyle 18 C. Bannerman, c. Allan, b. Alexander 0 Tindall, 1, 1, 2, 4, 4, 1, 2, 4, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 1, 4, 2, 1, 4, 1, 4, 2, 2, 2, st. Blackham, b. Cooper 52 Thomson, 1, 1, 1, 2, st. Blackham, b. Cooper 5 Massie, 1, 3, 4, 1, 1, 1, 4, 3, 1, c. Cooper, b. Alexander 19 Garrett, run out 0 Powell, 1, 4, 2, b. Allan 7 Spofforth, 1, c. Kendall, b. Allan 1 Coates, 1, not out 1 Leg-byes, 2, 1, 1, 4 Total 139 BOWLING ANALYSIS. - Palmer, 56 balls, 27 runs, 6 maidens ; Boyle, 56 balls, 41 runs, 5 maidens, 2 wickets ; Kendall, 24 balls, 10 runs, 1 maiden ; Alexander, 76 balls, 34 runs, 8 maidens, 3 wickets ; Cooper, 28 balls, 18 runs, 2 wickets ; Allan, 15 balls, 5 runs, 2 maidens, 2 wickets. SECOND INNINGS. Murdoch, 1, 1, b. Alexander 2 C. Bannerman, 2, 4, c. Slight, b. Kendall 6 A. Bannerman, 1, 4, 2, 1, 3, 3, 2, run out 16 Garrett, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 1, 3, 1, 1, 2, 2, 4, 2, 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 1, 4, 1, 1, 4, 1, c. Kendall, b. Alexander 47 Massie, 2, 2, 4, st. Blackham, b. Cooper 8 Thomson, b. Cooper 1 Davis, c. Alexander, b. Allen 4 Powell, c. Palmer, b. Allan 9 Spofforth, not out 4 Coates, b. Allan 0 Tindall (absent) 0 Leg-byes, 1, 1, 2 Byes, 4 - 4 Total 103 BOWLING ANALYSIS. - Alexander, 116 balls, 30 runs, 15 maidens, 2 wickets ; Kendall, 52 balls, 21 runs, 7 maidens, 1 wicket ; Cooper, 40 balls, 35 runs, 1 maiden, 2 wickets ; Allen, 23 balls, 11 runs, 8 maidens, 3 wickets. Victoria - First Innings 338 N.S.W. - First Innings 139 Second Innings 103 242 Victoria won by one innings, with 96 runs. 