PROFESSOR PEPPER. Tbe renowned Professor Pepper will begiu his series of lectures and experiments in the Academy of Music on Monday next, and it has also been arranged that he shall give a special set of entertainments for children attending the various schools. The Australasia/L of July 17 last contained the following remarks in reference to the lecturer:— " Professor Pepper is a pleasant man. He is the sort of man you would like to know. He is a ' jolly fellowhe has a genial face, a bright eye, a cheery manner, a winning way. He belies his name. There is nothing peppery about bim. Be looks like a man fond of good company. His scientific studies and habits have communicated nothing of the ascetic to hire, either in look or manner. He has made science a pastime, a pleasant exercise, a solace, a means of forgetfulnees of life's miseries, and he has persuaded other people so to regard it. Nowadays we do not think that a little learning is a dangerous thing. Everybody cannot be a Faraday, a Tyndall, a Huxley, a Richardson, a Pepper, but everybody may go a little way in the direction they have gone, and Professor Pepper's lectures help people to feel that their way is a pleasant way. For in the investigation of the great truths it is Professor Pepper's business to expound we get into another world, an illimitable world, which comprehends all other material worlds. If the young people who find time hang heavily on their hands can but be persuaded to interest themselves in the subjects of which Professor Pepper treats, they will confess life to be far too short for the realization of all the pleasure he can procure them. No doubt, to a large number of persons the Pepper entertainment will be only like any other entertainment—a means of amusement, and they will not go more deeply iuto the science he puts before them than in far as it appeals to their sense of vision, and offers them form aud colour of a varied and beautiful kind. But it is not unlikely that some of these may be induced to care for science after being first fascinated with its phe> nomcna, and herein we discover what a value there is in that sort of teaching which begins with pleasing. Of old we used to be told that there was no royal road to learning, and no golden method of acquiring iastruction. But there are certainly very different methods of teaching, and that is confessedly the best method which is the most agreeable method. If all school masters were like Professor Pepper there woulo be no truants, aud if all professors were like this professor class-rooms would require to be enlarged.' The following remarks were made by the Hobart Town Mercury in reference to the Professors experiments when he appeared iu the island colony :—" He introduced bis subject by a recital of Milton's immortal panegyric ou light, then glanced at the gigantic labours in the cause of science by Sir Isaac Newton, after which the audience were favoured with a most giaphic description of the component parts aud state of fusion of the sun. Most ingenious appliances were then employed for illustrating the manner in which waves of light, heat, and sound were transmitted, particular attention being paid to demonstrating the transmission of light and heat from the sun. By means of these displays the audience were, as stated by the Professor, provided with a most complete chain of practical reasoning. Tisley's compound pendulum was also brought into use, and its performances were of a most interesting kind, revealing the form of music notes in the shape of harmony, discord, and an octave. The introduction to a lecture on the 'Persistence of Vision' was also given. Next came a series of illustrations of • Torpedo Warfare,' and these were followed by a «ghost farce' entitled «The Artist's Dream,' the effects being produced by Metempsychosis illusory apparatus." 