PARLIAMENT meets to-day, and judging from a variety of circumstances, and mote particularly having regard to recent political ntterancea, It scarcely requires the gift of divination to predict a troubled session. If there ever was a time when the country looked to the Liberals for harmonious, united, and vigorous action, it is at the present juncture. Not a siiigle vote can be spared. Mr BEB&Y; has a substantial working majority, and if those who compose it act loyally. and up to the principles upon the strength of which they were retained, all will be well. The work which the Ministry hare set themselves to do, although Herculean in itself, will be satisfactorily accomplished, and thB conn try for a period thus enabled to rest and be thankful. The situation is undeniably fraught with exceptional difficulties. The finannna are in a somewhat mixed condition. The deficit is serious enough to make the most sanguine Treasurer look grave. The remodelling of the Civil Ssrvice, with a view to retrenchment, cannot be mnch longer delayed. The Conetitutiooal .Reform Bill most be introduced. 'Plural voting most be abolished. The iLand iTax Act requires modification in order that the amount originally anticipated from tins sonrce may be seemed. Something will have-to be done to prevent the Biverina trade being wholly diverted from 'Mid. bourne to Sydney, and the onem pioyed difficulty must be (net by railway construction 'ami the prosecution of public worifaa of a remunerativeinstead of. an eleemosynary .character. This programme is certainly focmidiible, and contains materials for the woife of severs! sessions. The Parliament which commenced tinder such favorable auspices for the Liberal party tn 1877 did suucb, bnt the present Parliament will certainly be expected to do more. With the advantage of experience gleaned in the past, there is no reason why Mr BEBBT should not be able to fulfil the anticipations of the country. Obduracy may be looked lor at the hands of the Council, and it is very probable that the major portion of the measures proposed to be submitted will be found by those grave So far As constitutional reform feconcerned, the necessity ior it is admitted^ and the shape it shall take is no longer open to serious controversy. Mr BERBY'8 proposals in this direction have the merit, not alone of. simplicity, but of safety. No violence will be done to the old landmarks; and the perilous experiment of adopting a patchwork constitution will be avoided, should his proposals meet wKh acceptance.' lie btl for the refonn. of flip; constitution will, we understand, be only formally In-j trodncedj in «rder to enable its provisions to be thoroughly canvassed, while the discusaion upon it will be reserved, fill next yeav The 'firtt and slicimpartant ~snbject reqnkiog die attention of thei Prenuer will be the finances aid Uieways and mesas to pro»^ior4hedeMC-Cow»rrently wifh the debris qpm thB bm^st should nin that .of dw (tficfyiisj!^ of the dyil inrvanti. under; stand th*t sriih infth and ao many important qnes(b«s reqmio^ attantinn, the' time of the Boise nufii:aot tw|bmKed •way Jb paetflesnd pnrposoloss discaswoas. Moderation at the pqaaent tine shoffld be J Pip wa^diwon] tif tito GoreniimKiti ; -trt w tiwgr^Bartaet aBo* a ssaae offwoteMvito' |fit<M>9 •opposed diat the Minirtry were not Con- •cioaa of the support of the coar.cry and their party in the Houae, the ptiitical to i and waiten on Providence ~ edUteij npon the alert, and /the codfish & of air 81 lt»» phaiaBX to cany oat the wistiM ot the ccraotty, we shall ahortly. tave the eyes . tosevja. .n» in, cpoMcdpa latevi&tioDal; ExhibStioil, we woald iwfeed wit * aorry -Sgwre -of- it foond that,-0esf»t« the sewny; indicadona pf material progress wri -wealth to covered in Victoria, its people were divided by iBtBroal diccord. "There |bevery moure for snaolml^ -on the part of the mpporjew of tha Government. Tattfoton, no lew tban party interests, demands it, and none shouid be foond wongst the Liberals ao ifar forgetfal oi their oWigafion" « to throw impedimeste in the way of the •pf^nt Gorennnient ;; 1: " THE varioas sections of the Social Scieoce Conerma, which is to be hdd in connection with gthejn ternancmal Ethibiaon, «® bosy prepanag their programmes, and « creditable show of diligence is being made by all parties concerned- As it is of the utmost consequence to the public reputation of the colony, in respect of the quality of its intellectual force generally, that the Congress shall be a decided success, and ss, moreover, the public at large am more directly interested in the proceedings of this body than is commonly understood, it may beofaune service to a good cause to explain the manner in which effectual aid r «in be rendered in this matter by persons who are not members of the Congress themselves. The notion must be entirely dismissed that the proceedings will be opea to members alone; the intention bong to allow the general public to fee ^resent at the proceedings, and le throw «pen the discussions to jaay competent persona who may wish to join ia them. We may explain, then, that the Congress is divided into six sections, each of them taking some one department of the national, life as its -field of work. Everything that idates to the duly business of society, save only party poClios, is that broi^it l A undo- review. The laws and constitutions p of States; the advantages, or the reverse, of the political system established amongst ourselves; the mutual relations of these colonies towards one aaother ; the benefits, or the reverse, of particular focal systems; the best methods of economising aad con solidating the Civil Service arrangements improved, plans of public finance; the best means' of promoting' public health, and preventing the spread oE contagious disesses; sanitary regulations of every kind; t d all that relates to the materials and processes of education, and the best methods, of st simplifying aad improving these ; manufac- , tures, mining, aad the industrial ana generally; the means of turning to the best account the natural resourcesof the conntry; literature, music, the fioe «rts; and practical science, through all iu various branches. Here is an area for mental exertion so extensive that it affords scope enough for all the active intellect of the . very foremost nation in the march ' of modem civilisation. No topic that really concerns the well-being of a commonwealth is excluded, save^as was said) party politics, and to this must be added religious opinions, and speculations of a purely abstract kind on any theme. Any person who knows himself to be capable -of writing a soundly practical essay on any of die foregoing' topics may set about doing so at once,' and, when it is finished, send it -to the secretary of the Social Science Congress, or to the chair- man of the section within whose department his subject falls. It is quite certain, for instance, that here, in Ballarat, there we many persons who have good squid opinions on the various practical matters enumerated above, and are fully able to embody these in (dear and compact essays. The subject of improvements in mining processes, for example, is by no means exhausted 4 and just now, when a fresh development of the mining industry, that promises to be veiy profitable both to the district and thecolony generally, is giving a new face to &e; enterprise of gold-seekiDg, any suggestion that tends either to lessen the cost of production or to increase the average yield is worth much to the public interests. The same general statement may be extended to local manufactures of every description. Even agriculture comes within the comprehensive range; and in .this'connection it may he pointed out that the Americans, with their spirited principle of continuous advancement in every line of national progress, have'carried the art of cultivation to the veiy utmost degree of perfection. Farming, in fact, is no longer an art, but a science, on the great western continent. Machinery has superseded manual labor in every operation of the ferm; ao that food for man and . animal is now . grown at the veiy • lowest cost to the farmer. Unless there be a margin of profit left him as a return tor his outlay, and for interest on ius invested capital, the fanner cannot live; but this margin of profit can only be obtained by cheapening the coat of production to the very last limit. The lesson of doing tins has still to be learned by our Victorian farmers; and all sound suggestions as to how it is to be done are thoroughly welcome. In truth, the Americans set ns an example in almost every department of human indostiy. They are incesaantiy engaged- in devising new expedients for improving their appliances and processes ; and so far - from being alarmed by the phrase " new-fangled," they rush e igerly after any man who has got a new-fangled notion to make known. The famous EDISON is not the brilliant exertion —be is only the foremost type amongst his countrymen. Who knows bnt that some of our young Victorians may not torn out to be a second EDISON in ins way? . The fieiUr of discovery Is not yet ptiiauBted; there are still fresh worlds for intelligence, for ingenuity, "for patient application, to conquer. Such an invention as, it was lately ssid, EDISON lad tut upon, of a method OT extractmg the ve^ last particle of gold from the rock or soil, wauld -work a great revolution :ia the fortunes of this community. So, also, die plan of supersed ing gas by the electric light, on frhieh tba great American inventor is engaged, would be a boon to the population of.every town, city, and Tillage in the civilised world. Batnrninfr to fir more imm^iatetheme^vtheixmtritHitiwaof papers to the Social Science Congress—enough has, .we ^ ^ h ^ j^id to show how the pulfolnferiagumay teaenred hy tall.«Hnpet^nt persons as mitybe aQ abposc&i; by the drawing; Op and forwarding ,of auch oh tnetigal subjecta aa;«re Uv^deacnbed. It iajenpt that this colony should niskea good show intids particular department, «s ^FLIB ! 1B ;€fiijJiJttlirljgf^ &10* tnli&\-- ww Eriatitioa. _,JtM nytrtatiw sanongst " eomeaipdtieejdqieada oo' ifeiit- in literature, science, ait, or praci Industry, is solicited. We hardly think ; suffic^t.public^ toafc^ f»»on» Ejects and proj Congress, " avS^t . , at > Mmrtttl _ ItfaS^LegislafiVS?— „ bea 1)% one^'- After the Nekction. of scDmmittee and the transaction of other xon.ine bndnefs, notice will be given (saysthe Age) ofUtewrofal bilU whio ths OavernmenLaTie desirous of pissiog witb alljpos- whMuthe Honse will be asked to give its sanction are*be bids providing for the issne of i'xcheqner bOla for a brief period, and for tba oonktrnt^ion«f ihe TJctfieBSlffiriltway. Ths litter meaBUrtlWlhebBb- Boiy to have puaed throagh all i'e steges without delly, in orderthat legitimate work can be afforded ta -ibBUDeB^OFysd.. - " . y- f" lt-wonld appear that one of the dUBonlUes whioV lave for • long time past beset the Olty-OoancU ts t a fair way of being ended, the clerk of the work*(H Wood) huring. it Is npnted. diecovtSred a way of oattisg down the rashesat Lake Wendonrea. "He reported to the council yeBterdsy that he had had thre men at %odc forsever*! days cutting the rashes- wi a large knife he bal invented,•and.aiet the men in a abort time cut down the rashesover a large area H conld not state positively, however, th«t*he knife ha cnt veiy olean as ho had not been a^le to put men to haul the cut rashes- jsndwesds ashore, bnt bo believed that it iroaldbe found, t iat the iniplement waa an effective one. The caunoiilors gereially er- {iressed eatistaction at the probability tl the rnehqaitim being settled, and Conncl lcr Bickmw deEired that the cost of clearing the lake by % Wood« pian might4ietaksnaccoant of, a -d-iiut the ooet of clearing itby free and by prison labor might be compared. Oonpcillor Olaxtcm cotmsellrf despatch tn getting rat the reeds and rushes cat, le.t they should dnk and. IjiDgon* the bottom, gradnJly silt* op the lata On his recommendation it wa8 resolve that the lake and garrens ecminltr.ee should inspeot the workiti^ ot Kr Wood's invention, and. if satisfied with it, power was given to the committee to inorna the number of men employed at the work of mshoatting that it might be qutckly done. W« are Informed that it Is probable that the saw ratepayers' roll, made ap on lith Angast for I860, will be nnd for tbe cicii^g election for the Lsgislative OonnidL . A msgtaterUfcqnlry was h»ld yesterday at Boss 1 Onsk byUr J. Krith, JP., ot Smythssdtle, on the body o! the nnforlnnate «om»D, Isabella Byan, who wat.fonnd drowiiej on Satniday evening last Or Jordan made a port mortem examination, and certified that death was caused by drowning, and a verdlot o aocldentaUy drowned was returned. A lunatic named Ewen Pnoe was brought Info Bmytbesdsls on Monday from 6nake Valley, and feronght before Messrs Keith and Unghee, J.P., w Commit ed him to ths Ararat asylum. The evidenoe showed that the unfortunate man was in the habit o wandering away from home, and on Sa'nrday sight a number of people from £nak» Valley went out eearchiag ior him. However, he fonnd his way born on Monday morning, and was arrested, as ft was feared he would do some harm, either to himself or tosu of his relative®. On being brought to the lockup he became very violent aud it required the unite efforts oi four strong man to put him into a straigh jacket At the Town Police Court yesterday, Catherine Jones pleaded guilty to tbe charge of stealing a number of shirts, the p -operty of Mr G. H. Bond, a was sent to gaol Ior three months. John tmitfa was sent to gaol tor a week on a cnarge of attempted laroeny. At the City ifolios Oonrt Mr Ginnny, / P presided, end fined James CahDl 10s, in default thre days 1 imprisonment, ior using obscene language. In considering tbe annnai report of the Isto <ity mayor, at the meeting ot the (Jity Oooncil yesterday tha lollowing danfe oame xtnder discussion:—" I wish to remark,"Bays the mayor, "that iiia of smal use to mtke bylaws and regulations unless they are properly enforced. All that relate to the proper care of the streets are wi bin the duty of the police I acknowledge the prompt attention at all times paid t the re quests of tin council by the officer in «harge tbe district; but that does not avail macli when the practical care of the streets is in the hands of constables on 'beat*doty, who, either from dnlnessor apathy, take very small notioe of what oeoors. It ma bis flatteringto the orderly character of this city tha the police authorities deem ao limited a number of men and these by no means tbe smartest ~ample fo Baltarat. for the prevention of crime, I am pleased to think the present foroe snffio&s; bntin apopolcna city many oiher duties are demanded of the police, an 1 coolers that 1 should like to see them better attend to." OoacoOlor Wilson, in noticing thisciause.SLi l that the bjl.ws cf the council were very £tinlly attended to, tbe polioe at one eitne very strictly enforcing them asd at others not attending to them at all closely, de had himself observed, on many occasions, very rapid driving over the Lydiard etrert crossings; and amongst other matters that required altering, that the footpaths were enonmbered in many parts of the city by packages of goods, oases, bales, while the measuring and cutting of oilcloths and matting on th' public pavement occasionally Impeded pedestrians. Hs thought that if the council Lad a few.piiiaemen i its own employ, it would have its bylaws better observed ttuathey were at present. Councillor Olaxton di3 not think It so mnoh the men who were to blame, ss those now stationed in tfce -city were a smarter lot than had been here before far many years but tse beats were too extensive, and more men we required to properly patrol the streets. He snggetted that the council Bhouid take steps to get more police in the city, and he also suggested that the words, 1 and these by no the smartest," should be strnok out of the report. Bis former suggestion was accepted, but the latter was sot, the ctnuual adoptin the entire olanse in the foil report. A communicatio was received by the council from Mr Bnb-inspector Babington, saying that the police discharged their duties very effectively, and that doting the last two ysKrs the foroe inn had been greatly Improved, a better diss of man being on dnty. Sergeant Garden also wrote, saying that on seeicg the olanse in the report, he had inspected the men on duty at the different stations in tbe city, bnt had failed to seethe "dnlness or apathy" Mayor Morrison spoke ot; and he also said the effectiveness oi the pofioo here had Increased from 40 to 60 per oenl during die last tw years- At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee list night, the house, oommittee recommended as follows:—' That a sub-committee be appointed to obtain tbe necessary ap^lianoes to deal with epidemic cases, and that (he said sub- committee hcjeiapowered to deal with and Landle such cases of epfdemios immediately they break oat, at the cost at the institn- tfon." The report was adopted. Councillor Olaxton, at the meeting of the Oity Oooncil yesterday, said (hat he had seen a de.-irn fo Improving the Burke and Wills mOLUment in a styl that Would make It whit was sot now—a credit toth oily. Be s»il tbe oost of effecting these improvements would not be great, and that, doubtless, the north and south wards-would j in the csntral in sad a desirable work as tbst of altering lor the better th monument The councillors murmured approval of Councillor Ciaxton's remuks and the design spoken of byiiim was then dfcplsyed. VoanotUar Claxton suggests that tbe part at the present monument abov the atone, ia which Is set the inscription tablets, abonU bo removed and replaced -by a cast Iron orna mental pillar and fountain, and surmounted at the top by an argand lamp of double the lighting power of that at the intersection of Armstrong and Start -streets. These improvements as drawn m certainly very admirable, and would, were they effected, feu a handsome erection,-while tbelight forni-hed bythe powerful lamp it Is proposed to get and plao, at the top of U would give a brilliant light where it is ve mm* seeded, the o.uncil earned to generally approve of the plan for altering what is sometimes Irrerar nrty called the "cindleetick," and the matte was referred to a cammlttss for report " By tbe exertions of Mr O. Stewart, the local in. spector oi mines, the Billarat district and its mining Yesontcas will make a vary worthy show at the comia Melbourne International ml Exhibition. v Yesterday . ..Mr D . Stewart forwarded the last consignment of twelve cases of exhibits, which included models and specimens of various descriptions. Amongst the others were a case.of aUnvial wafehdittfram the Hfstorimine and a very beautiful seoiiocal viewof the QueenOunplay's mine, lilack Hitt ehowiug the Indioator s'ates gold, and mundic just as they are found located In the mine. The hgerton snd Washington oompaaies' exhiHIs ware also forwarded yesterday, fatthe tody of the respective maosget& In Ids firstreport tothe council the c'tr m»or yesterday drew attention to ihe fact that tha " nnrestn<isd aooaee" of pensons to the Oity Ha!I tower h resulted iu the approaches to the tower gettuglnto a very nndean state, and hs said that tltewidirirete everywhere deisoed by scribbling, and the woodwork notched by mLchlevooshasds. I he mayor. consideiiDf that the present ctndiilon of the towsriud ^roaches would n* oreite a favorable impression on the ml&dfl; o! s rangers, teoommended that the tower te cleaned as far as possible, and that henoeba B A 'Hosred without some authority His recommendation was adopted. At the meeting of the Bdlanshire CouncU yeeterday. OoundU ;r M'QiUvray was Bnauiaon,ly i^Sd presadent for the ensui g year. The annul report of tbe oily mayor (Br A. T. Mocrtaon). a precis of which appeari in our column al wteight ago to yesterday,at the meeUag of the q^Couudl. adopted Ocncciilor I^goTielenlBg to tto' dansewmsrning the •Oorpowtfon Baths, aeked s S S - ^ a s doee of m Drphia. In view <•' the faot Uiat ft i. probable that msnv C^^msrijbgfif Bt. JohnlB Mutual Improre- T'i^ teoiaty was held on Thursday, «^>ontheinibjaot Onn - • I the meeting cloeed with prayw. . 1(. ~~ mittee meeting of the Ballarat to hoia. 18th November. Mr Ma bis resignation as ee«4^y,4P<» S ^ ^ K considering that by bis frtiBtloss for^Whloh are ic- the club was. under bis able one to the club d. and the only hope Is • s competent successor, ap| Vited In another column. h The Oity Council, at Us meeting yesterday, on the tn^e on nmau. tee. in its report. infarmed «fe ssrrotsrrw"^" Sja. better -of the common wis fapreparation, and -won SM Btib mitted before,theroiS⪯^ty^-' , ___ s' ' Tto arr»Wsnis.by the retarotng officer J« eondooting the Bouth- Western ProVicoe election will be r found in our adverUsIng columns rWuie on (be e^ject of e given testsight in fit Acdrewls Chutph fcythe Key. th 0. etxon(r.<rfMolboin^--th»chair bringTTOOpied by the JSevTw. Henderson . a be lectors, which mian e exceedingly able one, was at the same time so well p d that the Interest of the eudlenoe, which, In on pusitag. we may say was, • 8 , tU®"' -was Unstained to the veiy oloea; the lodnre itsdf well fllustratiiLgwtrt • the ieoturer contended oar church Services onghtalwsya topossess —variety Mrs. little presided at the crgan with berTiVual abflity, and. iu addi ion ta the acoompinimente to the Averal pieoet,- g»ve avolustary oulhe crgan,-which was rendered in eznsUsut alyia, £lto- getbei-tbe evening-was a- most enpyable on^ and ought to give am impetus to ihfi imp-ovement in cnnrc mn«lc,e«:eoially among our Presbyterian oocgiegstions in Bal arat In addition to the chairm<n, ws ' d observed the Bevs. B. T. Walker, J. W. Inglis, and E B- Qnliiver prsaant After a vote of thanks to th botnier aad choir, witinh was heartily given, the iiev te roun'^gtheb^^d'ctinn. Mx Hutderson brocghl tbe m eting to s close by pro At the last meeting of the board of directors of th Ballarat Woollen Oompany. it was deoidsd lo pay eff £1000 of the ovndnfi at the bank, thus reducing it ' from £6000 to £5000. The Hon. PhiUp fiusseUs eided. and eosgiatciated the borfd on being enabled thttf lo reduce the liability of the company.. At the meeting of tbe CUy Council yesterday, the application of Mr J. Huntingdon for oomp-Bfiation lor alleged injury through an accident at Leith street was reported on by the works oommittee as follows:— f " Tbe injury received by applicant was but trifling, and the matter was easily ao Jied; but, ss the accide was .caused by the negligence'cl one oi the oo\mcil' employes, we directed that one-half of tbe compensa ho tion should tie dednoted from his pay as s caution that workmen oanaot with impunity involve the t council in UaWUtjibytheir negteot of duty" The action taken by the oommittee was confirmed by the e . AttbaAnsraHanSheep-bresdelS'Kxhlbltion, which opened yeste.-day itGoldsbrough'o stores, Melbourne StrMauel Wilson was awarded firstprix- for the b«stpea of msiiaoes ssdsr two-ind-a-balf years; d fifth for a ram over two-and-a-half years; and also t took seoond, third, and fifth positions in the ewe eeetion Mr Thomas Bath's Linoolnstak thefiret, second,and third prizes in different classes. A well-attended meeting oi Mr J H Oonnot's nd «ommittee for Ballarat Last was held last evenfog st the Dutch Harry hotel; Mr W. Eoott fe the chair. Promises oi support were given to the ., gutlemes wbobtvs canvassed the townis the oaue -didate'e favor, and it -was stated that no- stone wolf be left untnrned to make Mr J. H. Connor's return s imatterof oertainty , At tbe list meeting ot the AgricuUural department Of the Social Scrience Congress in oonneotiou with l tbe Melbourne international Exhibition, Mr William Luplau, of Ballarat, was unanimously elected a member of the Congress ss a compliment to his efforts is disseminating agricultural education o amongst the farmers of Victoria. of An advertisement in another column announces the time appointed at whioh Mr Philip Bosaell will visit Kgerton, (lordon, Ballan, Bungaree Junction, and th Bungaiee plonghitig matoh, on Wednesday and y Thursday next It is proposed that he etnll meet th t elect rs at Ooie'e botel. Bnrrumbeet road, at noon o Friday next, and those of Bnhinyong on the same evening. r Messrs Kelly and Preston have prepared a splendi d specimen farm waggon for the Melbourne International I'xhibitlon. The waggon has been manu- ed factured from fivedifferent kinds of Vioto ian, Tasmanian, and American timber—having blackwocd bay , frame, box naves, ash and cedar body, blue gom felloes, Ironbark spokes, and ash shafts, with palest rollers at the end of the waggon for tightening the , ropes aeonring the load. We have received £2 Cs fid, oolleoted by Mrs Birker, £Use, for tbe Benevolent Asylum. A Renter's telegramfrom {Singapore says that ' e prisoners charged with piracy on board tha steamer Bowenkive been discharged, there being insuSdsnt n evidence tosecure a conviction. 1 ' A concert was held at Oarngbam en the 20th instan in aid of the local brass band, aad notwithstanding the inclemency ot the weather. <he hall was filledwit a ; Urge and appreciative audience A varied and re interesting programme was gone through, consisting of songs by Miss Bennett, Miss Koberts, and Mr Heath {of Union), Mrs Wendt, and Miss kiddle; recitations by Miss Walton and Mr Leckle, songs b Mr Webster; a duet, "Ihe happy policeman,' by Miss Roberts and Mr Heath; and an instrumental quintette. "Selections from 'Norma,™ by Messrs g We^dt and Fox (oornets), Harden and Marks n (violint), and Katie {bombardon). Selections were given at intervals during the evening by the band, and were very well received. A cleverly-executed clog hornpipe by Mr J. M'lndos, and tbe playing ot " Gsi save the Queen" by the band, brought a very e jayahleovenlag'eenteriMnmOTttoaclose.AU acquitted themselves well, and Miss Llddle and Miss Walton, who made their first appearance bef-.re an andienoe, were very suoossefol The former, who is the possessor of a churning voioe, gave the piece, " Within a mile of Edinbro' toon," in a style which lairly o brought down the house, and is answer to an "encor she was equally successful in " Coming thro 1 the rye" and "Kathleen mavourneea.'' Mis< Walton gave as redtationn "The raven,"" Lady Teazle,"and ia response toan encore, " i he battle cf the I«agne The other performers having already gained their laurels, it If only necessary t3 say that they were as successful as usual After the oonoart, the hall wss cleared for discing, which was kept up with spirit till two o'clo-k am. The proceeds of the concert will result in the addition of about £11 or £12 fo th r funds cd the band. e We have reoeired from Mr 8 L. Blrtohnell " Tbe e Quartsrly Magazine of Health," pubHehed by Messrs F. Oontts and -on, sotting forth the curative properties of the acetic acid treatment. h e The following from the Sandhurst oorrespondant o the Age refers to a gentleman well knows in Ballarat:—"A narrow escape frem sudden death occurred on Saturday to a shareoroker named William Piper. e He was about to cross over the intersection cf Pall Mall and Mitchell street when a woodeait, having a - horse attached to the back by a rope, prevented him doing so. Following the woodowt was a fourwheeled lorry, on whioh was a heavy botcher's bloc of redgum wood. The unfortunate man sought to pass betwesn the horse attached tothe woodcart an ke tbe lorry, but Ids sudden appearance frightened the horse, whioh kicked out viciously, and struck Piper severe blow on the forehead. Piper was knocked ry buk with great fame, and fell in a state of insensibility to the ground Just then the lorry passed by, tbe wheel of the lumbering .vehiole giasmg Us righ r armandhlBfaead The esoape was so narrow that a thrill of horror tan through tbe spectators. The unfortunate man was picked up and carried to Dr J. Boyd's surgery, blood fljwingfreely from the wound ir inflated on Ms he>d. His right ear, it was found, ha beat nearly torn off. His wounds wen dressed end he wss then removed tohis residenoe. The doctor i unable to state whether the patient bad sustained oonmimion of tbe-brain, bnt the case, at any rate, is dangerous one-". . Tbe London correspondent of the Aryiu telegra . that an official contradiction has been given to the statement that tbe Berapia and Baoohanto ate being got ready for tae Pdnee of Wales 1 visit to Australia. A de'dbsrately-laid attempt to oommit the crime of murder an two persons, with a sequel of siddde. occurred at Eohuca East an 8undsy last (says the laeX ad The afiair arose out of jealousy, the principal icitara being Oeorge Oooey Poo, cook on tbe Lady of the Lake; William Ah aoon, a cook on the Cadet; and Sarah Hewell, a depraved woman living at the Echuc tail Chinese camp Oooey Poo was enraged at the woman keeping company with Alt Soon, sod findtw shots at her—one as she layia bed, and a second on ae she ran away. Bothmlssed. Ah Soon then came op, and two shots were findat him. In llie last the ball entered the cherk, striking the bone, and glancing out through die neck He is expected to recover Oooey Poo then swallowed opium, but an emetic niutdJ.Im.to vomit the poisis. Senior-constable Neiwell was immediately on the scene, and wiLh promptitude had tbe man ia custody on a capita! charge of attempted murder. Suicide was evidently s prameditated, and was admitted by accused, who pur chased Ihe revolver specially, aid left a letter for another Celestial, saying iu would be.deid when that ms read. Oooey f'oo is well-known as a dangerous ruffian, end has been in gaol previously. An Important alteration will bs effected to-dayin the overland route henoe to Sydney, when a further length of the threat Southern Railway, from Wagga Waga to Girogery, being a distance of fifty-nic miles, will (the Tekgrapk says) be opened for the veyance of passengers, goods, and livestock. The man train leaving Sydney at half-past seven p m wil run through Gerogery, uriving (here at eleven a m,, and wfil enable passengers from bydney to oaiohthe .afternoon train to Melbourne. The Victorian Kail- Way Department has mide arrangements far the trai which at present loaves Wodonga at three minutes past five to leave st four pm, end arrive in Melbourne at haS-paat elavan p.u., thus •coomriishlmr iha Journey in twenty- eight hours. The S.t train wiU ten Sydney for Oerogery at half-past seven J>.m. on Tuesday, the S 1st instant. BepHestave been reoeived from the goventoM al WsmanJa and Western Australia, aooepting tKe iul *baH<m«fthe pnsitenl tobe preewrtattta opening of the Mrthonrne Intwmatlonsl F-rtifbiiiop on j^TiS a—.U-— SnoeswhtohOMnpsl himtTr^1- AdcertiKT undsrsiands that, k appointed to enquire intot)* ^ Constable Moni to Z pl,' 1^ the effeot that tdessrs Cn^ signed a doosmeat p-omising toSJ" ~ « education, and thrt^hs f «iment with theliev. FathV^) appointed to enquire into tte ri» made by Bain and Son for orrtiin work d™„7 u &» Banway department havo (lays it.. the ,._»T Jje) ™lottl al^i meetings, at which evldetce on the points tias been taW J-^) I»r,ih6 tesUmony ®ore toprove that the charges tuset reasonable. Tbe boar<4 -wiU pw>bab!y draw , seed In thsir report tothe Oanmiisfater of v2 atU j»-T«sdsiyjtr.«ednesdiLy. . l '*Ii The Argvt slates tluA ' the Attoraey-G^T,.»i • well.advancedlw&h; AhTdi«fiiB«of .Le Ett™^ -is underatood.bowewsr.thattbemeabttre, f snbmittedto (he Af«mbly pro/onm thi» ° ttdldU to held over -far discussion n.-» Tew.?™ A eise of garroHng ooranred iu -Tsigm Maryborough, on Saturday evenine AdcertUtr) Mr H j»h Budderti^wM r- down that0torou2hfar«,-and wien cpporfteMrflK? holms hoase, two men came suddenly frog, tjTV ut Undone of whom clu'tied at his throat bm"™ other tripped Mm up. Mr Bttdderham f^? ^ ground The man who bad firstcaught him throat retained his ht ld with soch tentcav,?,? was prevented from calling out. and could ooltTfe a gurgling uclse Hit other assailant in the tiroceeded proceeded "to_rifle his pockets, nocksts. M- c "! 61 ? 11 ® haaringa liaaringa ccnSe i taking place opposite ltia asoteeat U ot a min choking.citne cuUae. ^ two men holding s third one on the granuj?!^ What was tbe matter. To which quere ast d* Bsdderham's aesailants answered. " For i>cd'i • w h get a glass of water; cur mate is in a fit! 1 hamliBl received such severe'treatsient that tea' nnabls tospeak, and consequently coolj cot help Mr Uhisholm went back to the nan* uri^ e Ing obtained a glass of water, returnedwitt K where . the man who was suffering with tte ftn, reclining, - when he found that the two nsnrm, ? e had asked for the liquid had ^ diaippaued ^ Mm Hon was at ooos given to the pulioe, wlwfr» the description of the men, they were rec two n- strangers who bad been staying a . (i^w hotel for the past few days. The offetSairS found by Oonstabie OConnell ia one of tin doietaf the hotel yard. Their names are George tmrf,. .2 Siohird Stanley, of Melbourne. , Informstion has been received within the list fa. days (says the Age) that a singular robbery ocntm daring the last voyage of the steamer i^aat fat Melbourne.to .London. Mr Garner, w11 hmi nt theatriul circles in this city, haddespddaiacM s containing geld and silver watches, said touah. -about seventy-six. and to amount lit vilue to JCIOOO. toMr K, Btreeter, jeweller, of Bond sta London. The parcel was forwarded under tba m •of S ctton and Oo, carriers, and Mr Frank rate Eon Intended the shipment. When the psrcsl irrtTwlK Its deslIna<lon the ca»e was found to be empty last advices no trace of the missing pr ijje.-tj^or rfl , perpetrators of the robbery tad befcc fonsi, A ghost story oomes from Kagimlie mj u by the looal paper ss follows:—" Persons tkiiicgtte railway station,aid those who bare had occuj^to visit that locality at sight, have been gtaft frightened by seeing a' ghost.' A fe? ere&iuga; an it appeared sear tbe end of the railway pltifornLati was that of a figure 7 or 8 feet in height, atr.Ted h pure white. The form was that of a !on>ah skkii Isr as oould be dUceroed, s deathliti f-ee :1m; soieelesa in its movements, but glided villi vocUl rapidity. One of the porters, who has a coaJitiH. ld amount of courage, proceeded in the diruaiuicftts apparition and when within easy range firedat it,but to Ida attonlthment. alter tits emcke lad away he found tbe apparition nu dose to Um. Et was perfectly terrified,and, dropping his pit, mi off to hie friends at lightning tpsed. ONE nightUk week, as the hall-past nine cab, filledwith iadieaacl gentlemen, was travelling along the railway m* towards the town, a short distance bom the stitioc, the spectra again appeared on the hSlsi is aboil ie yards fromthe cab, and as the ojsveyance {togmU ao did the figure. This frightened the pasaogtn, e sod especially the driver, so that he drove Li, hxm at a furious paoe, soon losing sight o! tha apparitim e It ia currently reported that the etationcasisr hi n applied to be removed." The meeting of communicants of II Eaiclt d Ohnreh, Drummond street, will bs held to-morot instead of this evening. We have been requested to call attention lo e ! advertisement is astitber o.ton, dwiricg ail psrcou wbc are opposed tovaccination to oommunicate thsr •ddreeses toD. Maoallister, in Uelbottnie. A meeting of Jiaddoa sportsmen is convetri to Thursday next, at Fox's hotel, toform a chit). A meeting of hurlers will takeplace thu eveniigi Brophy'6 hotel, at eight o'clock, to form a c!ub An advertisamsnt in another column ancotim particulars of the pigeon-shoc-ting mttch to te baU M'Phaiis hotel, Uowilng Forest, on 6;h feptlste (the day previ ns tothe falUrat ebeepthosj.anii! the_ match his been improvised for the betidl d l visiting sportsmen at our annutl entry Is astte^ated. Tbe rales of thi fini sh dot h Olub will be the basis of shooting 