GENERAL NEWS. The steamer'Aconcagua sailed for Mel bourne at 8 o'clock this morning. The man Burke, who was admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on £-.fiirday morning suffering from injuries to his head, caused by a : quantity of earth falling upon him, has since died. An inquest will be held to-morrow. Mr. W. L\ Dickson, the hon treasurer to the fund being raised for the benefit of the widow, and family of the late Oaptain J. Lewis, received a chequefor £1010s. from Messrs. G. and B. Wills & Go. on Monday morning on behalf ef the fund. On Monday morning, October 4,' at five o'clock, the Superintendent of Fire Brigades called out the Adelaide Fire Brigade for praotice. j Assistant-Superintendent Leighton and fourteen firemen with four reels were present when the roll was called; four firemen and No. 3 reel j were absent.- The morning was showery,but the I firemen went through their drill oheerfully. Great credit is due to the firemen for the atten tion they give to their'duties, and the prompt manner in which they turn out, night or day, wet or dry, proviBg the anxiety of all to maintain Idle efficiency of the Adelaide Fire Brigade and the confidence of the public. All the implements were examined and found to be in good working order, and were well teited by the work of the morning drill, viz., opening the fireplugs, screwing down the hydrants, attach- , ing the hose and branch pipes, turning on and shutting off the water, coiling the hose, and ladder and bucket "praotice. The whole of the drill was performed well and expeditiously, and the men dispersed at a quarter to seven o'clock. A deputation of fancy goods warehouse men, consisting of Messrs, O. Macklin, G. W. Bose, B. Thomas, and W. H. Holmes, waited upon tbe Marine Board on Monday morning, Ootober 4, with reference to the new Explosives Regulations. There were present Oaptain B. H. Ferguson, S.M.* (president), Captain J. W. Smith, J.P., Oaptain D. Tapley, and . Mr. S. D. Glyde, J.P. (wardens), and Mr. Tl M. Stephens (secretary.) Mr. G. W. Rose, in introdnoing the deputation, explained that nntil the • last week.: or two they were - unaware of the existence of the by- law. The president said it was made in January last, and given publioity to in the Government Gazette. Advertisements in the daily papers were also inserted calling attention to it. Mr. Macblin said he might say for himself and the rest of the deputation'that they were perfectly unaware of the by-law until a recent artiole on the subject appeared in one of the dailies. They had been selling customers fireworks all the time without knowing that they weredoing anything illegal. What they wanted to ash toe board was to allow the action of the by-law to be suspended for three months, as most of the retail storekeepers bad already purchased their season's supply of fireworks, and it would be a great hardship for them: to have .to destroy them or put up a . building to contain them, which, of course, it would not pay them to do. After _the present season the by-law would: rbe.j generally known, and dealers could then take proper steps to meet it. He called attention to the elause in the by-law by which fireworks were not to be sold to children under 13 years of age. |He might say that a great proportion of the toy fireworks sold were bought by such children, and in all his experience he had never khown of an accident oconrring. Mr. W. H. Holmes, said that if the dealers in fireworks had erred it had been un knowingly, as before the artiole alluded to appeared he had never seen the by-law or heard it spoken of. He hardly thought that toy fire works. such as penny oracKers, should come within the by-law, as they were quite harmless. He trusted the Board would accede to their request to suspend the by law for the space of . three months, as otherwise the injury to small dealers would be very great.' Before the next fireworks season came on he had no doubt that the wholesale dealers would have proper receptacles con structed for their .fireworks, in accordance with the by-law. He endorsed the remarks of the previous speaker as to the limited number of accidents occurring through the use of fireworks. The President, in .reply, said that with regard to selling fire works to children under., thirteen years of age, he had heard of accidents in snch cases, though nothing very serious. The by-law was very similar to the Imperial Aot, the definition of the word "explosive" being exactly the same. He thought, however, that a certain amount of injury wonld be done to small dealers by the by-law, and under the circumstances he would consult with his colleagues and see what could be done in the matter. He would fnrnish tuem with an answer as early aB possible. The following is Monday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph Line:—Port Darwin,calm, cleudy, fine, close; Sonthport, calm, olondy,fine; Yam Creek, S.E., light, cloudy, fine; Pine Creek,variable, cloudy, fine; River Catherine, calm,cloudy, dull; Daly Waters, N.W, fresh, clear,fine; Powell Creek,calm, clear,fine,cool; Tennant Creek, S.E., strong, clear,fine; Barrow Creek, S.E., strong,clear, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., light, dear, fine; Charlotte Waters, oalm, clear,fine; Peake,S.E.,light, clear,fine; Strang waya Springs, calm, clear, fine; Farina, N.W., light, clear, fine; Beltana, S.E., light, clear, fine. . The following is a record of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday, October 3 Wilmington ... 0*120 Melrose ... 2*100 Laura 2*080 Port Pirie ... 0*070 Caltowie ... 0*100 JameBtown ... 0*230 Gladstone ... 0*300 Narridy ... 0*130 Georgetown ... 0*130 Bedbill ... 0*250 Port Victoria... 0*328 Maitland ... 0*300 Minlaton ... 0*450 Yorketown ... 0 350 Stansbury ... 0*23^ Kdithburgh ... 0*210 Warooha ... O'lSI Blanohetown... C Oj.0 Kiverton . |... 0*400 Kapunda ... 0*330 Truro .... ... 0*330 Echunga ... 0*543 Strathalbyn ... 0*270 VVfiluDga ... 0*370 Normanville ... 0*170 Fowler's Bay... 0*050 Streaky Bay ... 0 270 Port Lincoln ... 0*500 Cape Borda ... 0*340 Kingscote ... 0*290 Cape Jervis ... 0*340 Port Elliot ... 0*280 Kooringa ... 0*350 Farrell's Flat... 0*220 Clare ... . ... 0*400 Auburn ... 0*450 Hoyleton ... 0*546 Balaklava ... 0 360 Port Wakefield 0190 Wallaroo ... 0 250 Kadina ... 0*220 Moonta ... 0190 Tanunda ... 0*480 Gawler ... 0*240 Mannum ... 0*050 Mount Pleasant 0*459 Gumeraoha ... 0*600 Mount Torrens 0*650 Salisbury ... 0*330 Adelaide (Ob.) 0*3 0 Clarendon ... 0*380 Noarlunga ... 0*355 Mount Barker 0.425 Goolwa ... 0170 Meningie ... 0*310 Kingston ... 0*14') Bote... ... 0*600 Border Town... 0 320 Narraooorte ... 0*630 Lncindale ... 0*655 Penola ... 105) Millicent ... 0936 MonntGambier 0*450 South Glenelg.. 0 360 Amongst the passengers for Adelaide by theB.M.S. Hydaspes, which arrived on Satur day, were Dr. Astles and Mrs. Astles, and the Rev. R. Reid and Mrs. Reid. " une narrow escape of a vessel off our coast during the prevalence of the storm on Tuesday, September 21, has not," says the Border Watch, "hitherto been recorded. The schooner Oygnet, Captain Davis, was on her voyage from Fort Adelaide to Port MacDonnell, and on the 21st was off Bivoli Bay. At 11 o'clock a.m. that day the captain reckoned he was 25 miles, from land, and, although the. gale from the westward was terrific, concluded all was safe. A little before 1 o'clock on Wednesday morning, however, all hands were startled at finding the vessel in the midBfc of the breakers off" Carpenter's Bocks, she having drifted many miles out of her course since the preceding morning. The situation w..s a trying one, and although in momentary ex pectation of the vessel going to pieces on the rooks, Captain DaviB manfully resolved to do his beat. As the seas went clean over the schooner the hatches were battened down, and the captain himself-went to the wheel, to which he was lashed to avoid being carried overboard. Some of the crew seconded his efforts well, but the'hearts of others failed them, and they spoke of taking to the boatB. Shortly afterwards, however, the wind went down some what, and after several hours battling with the waves the little vessel waB got safely beyond their grasp. On getting out of the breakers the real magnitude of the danger that had threatened his good ship became apparent to Captain Evans, and he can scarcely imagine ho .v she got out of it. Had she not been remark ably strong she would have been wreoked by the violence of the sea alone. The Oygnet ran on to Portland for shelter, and returned to Port MacDonnell on September 27." We have been shown some new gas burners called " Selby's Patent," which the patentee claims will shortly " quite supersede i he ordinary burners on account of their saving qualities and greater illuminating power." The contrivance consists of a round reservoir about an inch in diameter and a third of an inch u depth, into which the gas first enters. For the "duplex" burner two ordinary burners are insetted in the top of the reservoir, and so inclined towards each other that the current of gas fromeaoh meets at a short distance from the orifice. The reservoir becomes heated and consequently in creases the temperature of the gas inside, so adding to its expanBive force that it is driven tbrougnthe burners with additional velocity, drawing with it into the flame a greater quantity of air than by the ordinary burners under the normal pressure, and thus increasing the supply of oxyjgeh. The result is a large and brilliant flame with a minimum of the dark centre. The inlet from the pipe to the reservoir is only abont a sixth the size of that in the common burners, thui preventing blowing, The " triplex" burners ai a simply three burners combined instead of two. The patentee promises an improved light and a saving of from 40 to 60 per cent, by the use of bis invention. We have seen the "duplex" burning alongside the common kind, and must pronounce the light of the new burner deoidedly superior. The question of economy can only be tested by a longer trial, We are informed that the new burner is in use iu the street lamps at Sydney. Professor Pepper has returned to Ade laide after a very successful trip amongst the up-country towns, where his entertainments attracted large and delighted audiences. The Professor has decided to produce at Garner's Theatre his wonderful illusion, " The Ghost," which has been witnessed by thousands at the Polytechnic in London, and will no doubt attract large audiences here. He intends opening at Garner's on Saturday evening next. At the Theatre Royal on Saturday night " The Oolleen Bawn " was produced with Mr. B. J. Roberts in the character of Myles-na-Ooppa leen and Miss Clara Lemore as the Colleen. Both were successful in eliciting the well deserved plauditB of the auditory, and were ably supported by the other members of the company, the parts being oast as follows:—Mrs. Oregan, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner; Anne Chute, Miss Maggie Knight; Sheelah, Miss Essie Jenyns; KyrleDaly, Mr. Hollo way; Hardress Cregan, Mr. Fleming; Corrigan, Mr. Thome Father Tom, Mr. Douglas; Damiy Maun, Mr. Elliott; Bertie O'Moore,Mr. Phillips; Hyland Creagh, Mr; Carle; Patsey, Mr. O'Brien. This evening Mr. HoUoway takes his benefit, when a piece called " Ship Ahoy!" will be prodaced." On Wednesday Miss Maggie Knight will tyke a benefit, and will appear as Polly Ecoles in " Caste " and as " Nan the Good for Nothing." Oa Friday a complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr. Gordon, ihe treasurer of the Theatre, when a very attractive bill will be presented. 