THE PHYLLOXERA IN VICTORIA. For a long time past owners of vine yards in Geelong have been troubled by the knowledge that that dreaded pest — the phylloxera — has made its appearance among their vines. The manner in wlucu the authorities have dealt with the subject shows that they have had no ade quate sense of the magnituda of the eviL Yiticulturists, not only in Victoria, but in the other colonies, naturally thought that they would take prompt and effective measures for eradicating the pest, which, though only announced publicly in 1878, must have existed for some time before, and yet had only affected a few acres of vines in the Geelong district. Even last year it wan announced by the Government In spectors that not more than fifty acre* of vines were infested with phylloxera, whilst the whole area in the district, which may almost te termed an isolated one, would Bcarcely make one large vineyard. But what have the public seen 1 A comparative indifference to the danger, and a weak endeavour to temporise with the enemy. Instead of boldly attacking the infected vineyards, and destroying the whole of the vines, a few only were dug oot where the presence oi the disease wa3 clear from the appearance of the vines, others in the neighbourhood being left untouched, ?although it cannot be doubted that they *Jso ware affected. Tho Go vernment, it is true, obtained power from Parliament to eradi cate any vines which it might bd deemed necessary to destroy fox tha Bafety of the others, but for some inscru table reason this measure has remained practically inoperative. A few days ago M. Schcesaler, one, of the Exhibition Commis sioners for France, inspected the1 Geelong vineyards, and wrote to the Minister of Lands that from the aggravated form in which the phylloxera existed there he feared that the vine would be totally destroyed in Victoria. Mr. L. L. Smith, too, in tha Legislative Assembly of Victoria, oa October 22, called attention to the fact that he had received letters stating that it was feared that the phylloxera in Gee long could not be eradicated. He men tloned various methods of combating the peat, aua suuea mac u tne uovernmen? let the opportunity slip the colony would lose the chance of supplying the European markets with wines, and unless the pest were at once attacked the vine would never flourish in the colony. Mr. Berry's reply was very unsatisfactory. It was very easy, he said, to say destroy tha vines, but where were they to stop? ' The matter would have to assume larger proportions in the public mind before the Government could ask the House to incur the expense indicated. ' A Bill, he added, had been passed by a previous Government, against the opinion of vignerons in other parts of the colony, including a provision that no compensation should be given to persons whose vineyards were destroyed, unless there were growing crops, and lie further stated that this Act had not been put into force, but had aince been re enacted. For what does the Government exist if it is not to carry out the laws and to protect the interests of the people ? Here is destruction threatening one of the most important and advancing in dustries of the province ; the Government are made fully acquainted with the immi nence of the danger, and are empowered especially to deal with it, but neglect to exercise that power, and when asked why they Btand still and do nothing, or whether they will do anything to protect the vignerons in other parts of the colony, the only reply they give is that the public are not yet sufficiently alarmed to justify them in doing anything ! As well might a fire brigade refuse t3 play the water upon a blazing house becausd the occupants are asleep and because tha whole place is not enveloped in flames; or as appropriately might the shepherd neglect to shout because the wolf has only attacked a single lamb whilst the main flock is undisturbed. With respect to the Act which had been passed it is confessedly a difficult question whether or not compensation should be granted to an owner whose vineyard is clean but must be destroyed because it adjoins one which has been assailed by the pest, whilst it'is nearly as hard to say that no chance shall be afforded to one whose vineyard iB partly affected to savo the remainder by treating it with some reputed remedies or preventives. It seems to us that the former, at all events, has some claim to consideration, whether the allowance made him should be met out of the general revenue or out of a fund provided by the vignerons themselves. For the latter there is less to be said. It is well known that none of the so-called specifics against phylloxera have the desired effect, and the man whose vineyard has been absolutely attacked lias as little right to expect com pensation from the Government as the sheepowner whose flock has become so badly infected with scab that the only safe course to adopt is to destroy the whole of it. No doubt tha refusal to grant compensation will act as an encouragement to the suppression of information respecting the presence of the disease, for owners who know that the phylloxera has appeared in their vine yards will be strongly tempted to keep the knowledge to themselves until they have gathered all the crops that the infected vines will bear. The only way to meet this risk is to attach heavy penalties to concealment, and make efficient pro vision for the periodical inspection of vineyards by competent persons. In the present instance, however, no question of this aort is involved. The Government of Victoria possess full authority to destroy the whole of the vines ifi Geeloog, and, if we understand Mr. Berry's reply aright, they are fully acquainted with the fact that there ia no hope of saving a single vine in tha Geelong district They know that the viticultural interest in the other parts of the colony is a most important one, and for the sake of that interest they should at once take tho matter in hand, never heeding the point of whether the public are sufficiently alarmed or not The duty of an Executive, as far as possible, is to anticipate alarms and disasters, and not to wait for them to arise before grappling with them. No good Government will wait till the people are starving before they lay. in stocks of bread or see that they are laid in ; they will not wait until an enemy has landed on their shores before they arm the people ; they will not wait to be driven to their duty by popular clamour, nor will they be prevented from doing what is right by the voice of a clique. In the case of tha Geelong vineyards the Victorian Ministry have acknowledged the evil that exists, the danger that threatens. They have asked for and obtained the power to deal with it, but they neglect to act or to use trio nower rn'ven them, because, forsooth. the public mind is not adequately alarmed and because the people do not demand of them that they shall do their duty ! gg The report prepared by M. Schcess ler on the vineyards in the Geelong district leaves no room for doubt, if any were entertained, that the true Phylloxera vastatrix exists there. Indeed, in many cases the animalcuho have attained larger dimensions than any ever seen by M, Schcessler in France. What may be the cause of this unusual development he does not attempt to ex plain, but what he advocates is that tho vignerons should root up and burn all their diseased vines. He doos not recommend that all the vines in a vineyard in which the phylloxera is found should be destroyed in this manner, partly on the ground of the expense that would be entailed by lach ft comae. At the same time we are bound to say tbat it mil be an extremely ?difficult matter for vignerona to judge ?Which, of their vines have been attacked Tby the disease, and which are free from it. It would undoubtedly be far pre ferable that the owner ef any vineyard in ?which the phylloxera has made ita ap pearance Bhould at once destroy all h'a Tines than that he should allow some to remain in the hope that they may ?prove to be uninjured, thus running the risk of xmdo'og p'l the good he may have done by destroying only those which were known to be infected. It is to be hoped that the Victorian Government will be moved to immediate and vigorous action by the report of M. Schcessler, confirming a s it does previous evidence of the alann;ng nature of the evil that has befallen the Geelong vineyards. The call for Jra mediate action is rendered all the more pressing when it ia recollected that according to Mr. 'Wallia, the Inspec tor of Vineyards in Victoria, the exedus of the winged form of the insect takes place at the latter end of December, when the pest will be spreading over the who1' country in the direction of the prevailing winds. It is well known, too, that the mere uprooting of the vines is only an aggravation of the evil at this particr^ar period of the year, because as soon as the roots begin to fail in supplying a plentiful amount of pap, upon which the insects live, they immediately begin, to develop the perfect or winged form. There !ore the employment of destructive chemical or other agencies is necessary, ia addition to uprooting and burning of the vines. In view of the urgency of. the care the de cision just arrived at by the Victorian Parliament to refer the matter to a Select Committee is little short of farcical The Measles in Adelaide. — The re port presented by the City Officer of Health to the Central Board at their meeting on Wednesday shows that measles has made its appearance iu Adelaide and the eastern suburbs. Al though the disease has as yet exhibited itself in a comparatively mild form, and only a few persons have been at tacked by it, there is nevertheless ground for concern in the intelligence now placed before the public. It is difficult to divest oneself of the idea that the health authorities have been rather remiss in this matter. Knowing, as they of course did, that the disease has, for months past, been committing ead ravages in the neighbouring colony of Victoria, and that it had spread to New South Wales, where also numbera of persons, especially of young children, had fallen victims to it, it behoved them not only to use every reasonable precau tion to keep bo dangerous a visitant out of the colony, but also to put people on their guard respecting it, and provide them with directions how to meet the enemy should it unfortunately get a footing in their homes. It is clearly on» of thfl moat lmnnrtant fnnrtirmn ni tha Health Board to keep watch over epi demics likely to invade the province, and, in the event of ita being found impossible to shut them out, to disseminate u widely as the means of publicity at their disposal will permit ample information as to the nature of the malady, the conditions most favourable for its development, the simplest way of treating persona attacked by it, and the steps proper to be taken to avert after consequences which are infinitely more to be dreaded than the malady itself. We believe we are doing the Board no in justice in saying that they have not taken due care to forewarn and forearm thoae who regard them as the sentinels of health, whose duty it is to give timely notice of the approach of danger. Nor does it appear that the actual appearance of the disease has done much in the way of stimulating them to action. The President of the Board, at the meeting, directed the attention of parents and plivate teachers to the fact that children attacked by measles should be kept at home until they had completely recovered. It was not thought necessary to address a similar admonition to the teachers of public schools, because it appears that they are already in possession of regulations for their guidance. Why copies of the regulations have not also been sent to private teachers and been spread broad cast through the country is not ex plained. Certain it is that no time should be lost in supplying any omission there may have been in this respect While there is ia the appear ance of measles here little reason for surprise, and still less for serious alarm, if only judicious action is taken, the experience of the neigh bouring colonies proves that it will not do to underrate the significance of the visitation. The health authorities in Victoria and New South Wales have been unremitting in their endeavours to spread among the people information tending to minimize the evil that haa come upon them, and it is to be regretted that their example .has not been more vigorously followed here. The Board can best atone for past apathy by taking immediate steps for laying before the public ample directions as to the ordinary symptoms of the disease ; the best manner of dealing with it, subject to medical advice in special cases ; and the moat approved way of averting the maladies which, unless great care is taken, are apt to follow in the wake of measles Meanwhile the publicity now given to the outbreak of the disease vfi'l put parents somewhat on their guard, and it ia to be hoped that the epidemic will prove less ?virulent in its effects here than has been the case in the adjacent colonies. Thh Incouisa Mail Steamer.— Tie B.M.S. Khedive sailed from Albany at 2 30oa Thursday sotting. She may therefore be expected to snive at Glenelg on Sunday evening. Tbb Octek Hj reocb Qcesiiok. — Respecting the Marine Board visit of November 5 last to tbe outer bar to consider Captain Smith's scheme for affording wharfage for ocean steamers inside the Port Lighthouse, Captain Tapley (a Warden) desires it to be stated that he wm adverse to the project, that the matter was cot beforo the Board pro fimiA, and that no decision was arrived at on any part of the subject. Xbaksfbb of Kaii-wat Plajtt.— The Holdfast Bay Railway Company have purchased the four patcecger carriages which belonged to the late Glenelg and Brighton Tramway Company. We belie7e it is intended to take up the Brighton line. Thb ArsTEALiAS Cricketers.— The Secretary of the Association haa received a telegram from Mr. George Alexander, Miaager of the Aus tralian Eleven, from Albany, intimating the team's willingness to prolong their stay in Ade laide till our players retain from Melbourne. Mr. Alexander adds that they are all well. An influential Reception Committee has been formed tn rrtv-t th» Rl«rpn on their arrival. but as tne steamer wui most prooaoiy na a\ Glenelg on Snnday their landing will necessarily be a quiet one. Hia Worship the Mayor o! Adelaide will give them a public welcome in tht Town Hail on Monday, and a grand banquet will be held in their honour on a date o be fired Wbbcx oh thh Kaw South Wales Coist,— The following telegram, received from Sydney baa been forwarded to cs by the Superintended of Telegraphs : — *? Tho Manuka arrived at Tatars this morning, and reports having passed a sanies three-masted steamer south by west south of Montague Island, with eusign reversed. C&ptait; Walker states the is tank in about fifteen fathoms water.' Kbw TnaGHAPH Ojtich.— A Telegraph Offi^ wm ctwoed on Thursday at Bnabsloog, 2ie* Booth Wiles. Scpbskb Com at Baboo.— Their Honors tbe Chief Justice, Mr. Justice Gwynne, and Mr. jHitice Boacant sat in Banco on Thursday, November 11. In Formby and Another v. Cherry and Others the motion forjrtde for new trial, and the appeal from part of the judgment, were postponed. The motion to reduce the verdict in re Fletcher v. Port Adelaide, Qaeens towB, Alberton, and Portland Kstate Tramway OompsLy, Limited, was also postponed. In the matrimonial caosn jurisdiction the divorce suit of Niche!! 9 v. Nicholls (husband against wife) was ordered to be tried before a Judge on »S davit, and twelve dava' extension of time for filing rmdavits «r s grafted. The suit of H&l-; dane v. Hsldane (wife against hatband), for judicial sepataiion, was ordered to be tried before a Judge orally. In the divorce suit of Lee v. Lee (husband against wife) an application was made to disperse with the name of the corespordect, on the ground that it was unknown to the petitioner ; bat tbe question of jurisdiction wai ia'red, the parties having been married in England, and the respondent never having left England, and the Court were not satisfied as to the enquiries which had been made in England. Tne question of jurisdiction was not decided, it being of great importance and requiring cci-iideratkm; bat in regard to the enquiries, it was deemed advisable to post pone the matter till particulars should be sup plied. The power of Oouits in dissolving marriage contracts is one of the moat intricate and important points of international law, aa it gives rise to questions affecting the several ?inristflictMnji of Courts ovpr mntm^a ma^o bejond the province. The difficulty is still further increased when one or other of the parties is residingin different jurisdictions: and when it is remembered that the act of dissolu tion of marrisge especially affects the social status of the wife, it is easily seen how conflict ing the decisions of various Courts have been. This is particularly the case with regard to America, where the States Supieme Courts have discussed the question repeatedly. A large portion of Storey's ce'ebrated work on jnter national law is devoted to a consideration of this subject. Thb LrrBscoLosiAi. Bete Match.— It bas been snggeated that, as by a sinsular coinci dence the test-firing for the South Australian match team bas resulted in nine representatives from tbe L M.F. and nine from the S.A.N.R.A coming to the front, it would not be a bad ides to have a match between the two nines previous to their going to Melbourne. This idea has been adopted, and the match will be fired at Dry Creek on Satarday next. Conside rable interest will be felt in the contest, and it will help to give the men practice. We have received a communication from Captain Ferguaaon, D.A.A.G., containing the informa tion in a telegram from Captain Blannin, of Victoria, that the Intercolonial Bifle Match will be fired on November 24, and that the ranges are open for practice. In refe rence to the match Volunteers v. Kifle Association by members of the team, the competitors are to have ammunition free of charge for that match. We understand that two of the best shots in the team axe going to withdraw, as they cannot afford the expense of the, trip to Melbourne. This is a very great pity, and should incite tbe public to send in subscriptions to back up the team. Eighty pounds have been collected, and it is estimated that £180 wonld caver all. PORT GERMEIN JETTY.— The attention of the public having been drawn to the harbour at Port Germein by the Chief Secretary's late visit to the North, it may be of interest to supple ment the account given in a recent issue by the following additional information concerning the jetty now being constructed there. The farmers in the hundreds adjoining Port Germein petitioned Parliament last year for the con struction of this jetty, and the late Engineer of Harbours received instructions to report upon the cost of the same. Mr. Hickson reported that a timber jetty running out to sixteen feet at low water would cost £57,000, or by stopping it short at six feet at low water it could be constructed for £30,000. The Government, in the face of these estimates, declined to make any provision for such a large expenditure. The matter came forward again, however, in July of this year, when Mr. R. C. Patterson, the Chief Assistant Engineer, received instruc- tions to visit Port Germein and make a survey, with the view of estimating the cost of con structing a jetty running out to a depth of ten feet at low water. Mr. Patterson estimated the cost of work at £13,500, or, including locomotive and trucks, at £15,000. Resolutions were then tabled in both Houses of Parliament for the construction of the jetty, and the only opposition met with was in the Upper House, where several members protested that the estimate was in adequate. The Chief Secretary, however, carried the resolution without a division, and on September 15 tenders were called for. Eight were received on October 4, and the lowest, that of Mr. J. Wishart, being £2,000 under Mr. Patterson's estimate, was accepted. This saving of £2,000 will probably be expended in taking the jetty out into still deeper water, as it will enable a depth of twelve feet to be attained. Should it be found advisable the jetty can be hereafter extended to a depth of twenty feet at low-water spring tides without any difficulty, and the largest ships trading to South Australia could be berthed alongside the jetty in the harbour, which the Marine Board pronounce to be tbe Liverpool of South Australia. There is something like four or five feet of mud at the bottom, so that ships drawing more water than indicated by the tide-gauge could be berthed with safety. It is stated that when this jetty is finished next February wheat can be shipped from Port Germein at three pence per bushel less than at Port Pirie. The jetty is 4,980 feet long, and is carried on piles of boxwood and jarrah, 12 in. x 12 in., driven from fifteen to eighteen feet in the ground, spaced fifteen feet apart in the narrow portion and twelve feet apart in the head, braced with diagonal bracing 10 in. x 5 in., surmounted by corbels and stringers of ironbark twelve inches square, and covered with three-inch bluegum planking. There is a five- feet pathway at one side, protected by hand-railing. On the planking will be laid a line of railway to the 3 ft. 6 in. gauge, with 4o-lb. wrought-iron rails, and there will be two lines of railway at the head where ships are berthed. A crane will also be fixed for lifting heavy weights. The works are being vigorously pushed forward, and there is every reason to believe that the jetty will be com pleted within the contract time, viz., the end of February, 1881. THE SUICIDE AT HINDMARSH. — Dr. Poel Neabitt has informed the City Coroner since the inquest on the body of Christina Leslie, who committed suicide at Hindmorsh on Wednes day, that her mother brought her to him a few days prior to her death at his consulting room;, when he gave a certificate of lunacy, under the impression that tbe mother, who had said she would take her daughter to the Asylum as a private F^tient, was then on her way there. Mrs. Leslie mentioned to the doctor that deceased had said to her if ever she was missing they were to look for her in the dam. Thb Obiejjt Steambm.— The fallowing hai been extracted from the Sydney Morni-ng Herald of November 4 : — ' The steamer Orient was only nine days in Sydney. Whilst ahe lay moored to the Company's buoy her decks were the scene of the greatest activity. From one side cargo was being transhipped to lighters and launches ; on tbe other side her Iresh loadirg was being taken in. She sJw took in 2,400 tons coaL All the work of load ing and unloading was done while she lay in the stream. In fact, all the vessels of the Orient Company unship and ship their cargoes in Port Jackson without coming to a wharf at all. A refrigerating chamber obviates the necessity of carrying live stock for passengers. A large expenditure in this line hitherto shared by Melbourne and Adelaide has been secured by Sydney tradesmen.' Thb Mabisb Board. — This tody held its weekly meeting on Thursday morning, November 11\. In the absence of the President, who had gone to Port Pirie in connection with the deepening operations there. Captain Smith pre sided. The Inspector of oyster fisheries reported as to the best means for improving them. He had found several new grounds in Port Lincoln proper snd coatigaou3 bays' containing market able oysters su&eient; to meet the demands ef petent officer be appointed to constantly supervise oyBter beds, to mark o2 ground containing marketable oysters from those only having brood and small oces, and to prevent boats from working on the latter. It was desirable that Cofin Bay beds should be closed a year longer, when there would be a supply of bivalves for several years to come. The recommendations were adopted. The question was raised whether there was any necessity for continuing the supervision of the Murray- month by means of the signalman, and referred for consideration at another time. Monthly reports concerning the progress of woris being curried out by the department ware read, and after dispoiing of ether business the Board adjourned. Thjatei B«tai. — There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening, when 'H.MJ3. Pinafore' was performed before a very appreciative audience. To-night Miss Eisa May will take the part of Josephine. Post Darvtcs. — Tbe steamer Thales sailed from Port Darwin, at 4 p.m. on November 11, for Ccoktown, with twelve European! and eight Ohicese passengers. The Thales aim took 219 ounces of gold. SfofiTS Adblatdh Baptist Ohtbcs. — Tie bazaar ia connection with this Church takes place next Thursday and Friday, and not this ?ee£, as nr£»»fl*l? amkouoccd. Fibs at Post Admludb.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.) held an enquiry at the Sussex Hotel, Port Adelaide, an Thursday afternoon, November 11, as to a fire that oc curred on the premises tenanted by Mr. Burns, greengrocer, and situated in the Pert Market buildings, on the previous Sunday night. Mr. G. E. Selth represented the Australia Felix Assurance Company. Mr. J. Hains was the foreman. John Burns, greengrocer, said he rented four shops in the market buildings, one of which — that in which the fire took place — was used as a sforercDm. The last time he went into the room was late on Saturday night to see to some fowls he kept there. Did not lock the door on leaving it. Another flbop was opened for some boors on Sun day. Thoognt the boy went into the store- : room that day. On leaving the market saw the shutters safe, but did not enter the room. At the time of the fire, besides a few bags of potatoes, the storeroom contained over 100 bags : flour, ten fowls, some empties, sacks, and rub bish. The stock and fixtures were uninsured, though he had told his wife to take a policy for £100. About half of the flour was paid for. Had no idea how the fire »tarted. By Foreman — Left the open shop on Sunday night at half-past 0 o'clock. Went away on horseback, and next returned on tbe following morning. Aboat six wteks ago had some poultry stolen from the storeroom. Believed other keys belonging to the building would unlock his store. Mary Femm, married woman, said she passed the storeroom at half-past S o'clock. The door was open, and there waa a man inside, but who he was she did not know. There was no light in the room. Noticed that he was a tall man, wearing dark clothes. He was like Mr. Burns. She thought that the man could I' a co one else, though she could not swear to it. The front shop was open at the time, and there were some children present with Mrs. Burns there. Carl Frederick Gunther, chemist, of the market buildings, said he met Mr. Burns in the Sussex Hotel at about a quarter to 10 o'clock on Sunday night. Mr. Burns shortly afterwards went out, and was, a little while after, going on horseback in tbe direction of his shop. Went into his house, and was jast retiring to rest, when he heard an alarm of the fire. Assisted the police to put out the fire. Leon Baya, ice-cream maker, deposed that he saw Mr. Burns in the fruit shop on Sunday night. Saw him later at the Sussex Hotel at .-bout half-pest 8 o'clock, but he only remained there a short time. Domingo Nevis, plasterer, who was passing the storeroom aboat 9 o'clock, when the fire was seen, stated that a door waa opened and the fire witnessed blsxins inside. On going in saw a cask burning, in which seemed to be lighted shavings and straw. Emptied the cask, and threw out some burning bags. There were sparks issuing from some poultry cages. Did not see Mr. Burns about, but saw his fruit shop open at the time, which might have been later than 9 o'clock. By the Inspector — Did not know that it was unlawful for unauthorized persons to force tbe doors of burning premises, except te save life. Gould not be certain as to the time of the event. By Butm — Saw do one leave the fruit shop. Called no person's attention to the fact of its being open. John Smith, labourer, who accompanied the previous witness at the time in question, gave corroborative evidence. Thomas Sanders, Deputy Superintendent of the Fire Brigade, said he was called to Burns's fire at five minutes to 10 o'clock on Sunday night. Arrived at the premises at three minutes past the hour, and found the fire put out, and the Sub-Inspector of Police in charge. Had care fully examined the store, and turned over the debris, but there was nothing in the same ac counting for the origin of the fire. There were no traces in them of arson having been com mitted. Thought the fire began about three feet from the front door. Mr. Burns was re called, and stoutly denied that he went into the storeroom on Sunday night. Did not know who the man was that Mrs. Femm saw in the shop. Could not tell whether anything had been stolen from it, as he did not know precisely what the contents were. Left tbe fruit shop to go home about 930 p.m. on Sunday. Thought he must have epemies. The Coroner referred to the suspicious circumstances in the case, but the Jury decided that there waa no evidence to show the origin of the fire. Postal asd Thlbgbaph Kefobm. — Apropos of a paragraph in a recent issue referring to private letter boxes, we have been informed by Mr. J. T. Turnbull that at the beginning of the present year be forwarded the following letter to the Minister of Education, to which, however, he has not yet received a reply :— 'Sir— I have the honour to suggest that tbe following matters in connection with tha Post and Telegraph Depart ments be taken inro consideration, feeling certain that the time haa arrived when moat, if not all, of tbese suggestions ought to be adopted : — 1. The desirability of allowing the public to write their telegrams with pencil instead of in ink; same can be doine quicker, cleaner, and be much more legible. 2. The necessity of abolishing the rule of1 signing for telegrams as delivered ; much time would be saved, which, in telegraphing, is admitted to be all-important. 3\. The advantage to lessees of private boxes of having keya to same, sp that they could remove their letters as desired. 4. The absurdity of h&viDg; so many different windows for posting at the General Post -Office, instead of simply having two, one for letters, and one for newspapers, parcels, &c.; I may mention that all these sugges tions have been adopted in the chief cities of America with marked success; Nos. 1, 2, and 4 have been adopted pretty generally throughout Great Britain; No. 3 must follow there, sooner or later; Sydney is now experi menting in this matter of kej s.' Socth ArsTEiuAK SusDAY-scHoot Umax.— The first meeting of the new committee was held in Stow Church Vestry on Monday evening, November 8, the Hon. Henry Scott, M L.C., Jin the chair. The officers elected were as folio wi :— Vice-Presidents, Dr. Magarey and Mr. W. J. Bussell ; Minute Secretary, Mr. W. B. Stephens ; General Secretary, Mr. W.Shakespeare; Finance Secretary, Mr. J. P. Roberts. The various sub committees for the year were also appointed. The General Secretary reported the meetings of the Sunday-school week a financiil failure, although in other respecti gratifying. A report of liabilities and assets of the Union was re quested to be brought up for next meeting. The Baptist School, Georgetown, was elected an auxiliary school. Arrangements were made for a forthcoming lecture on America by the Hon. R. A. TaritoB, as also for the Christmas morning service, particulars of which will be duly announced. At the close of the routine busi ness the Chairman announced that he was proud of the position to which be had been elected as President of the Union, where he hoped tD be of some service to the cause of Sunday-schools. He was afraid that the religious education of the young was being much neglected, owing to the education system of tbe land, but he hoped the time would not be far distant when the religious part of the life of the young would be better seen to, and he was willing to do all he could to accomplish so desirable an end. Bbohptos Weslbiah Bazaab. — The interest taken in the above bazaar was fully maintained on Thursday during the afternoon, but during the evening tha room was crowded. The committee imported a large stock of glass ware, which met with high commendation. Amongjt the aovelties on view was a very chaste water-colour painting, glazed and framed, of sea shells, executed and presented by Miss Alice Kins, ot North Adelaide, and magenta dyed wool mats, prepared and presented by Mr. W. S. Gucn, of Hindmarsh. Vocal and instrumental music was well carried through during the even ing, not the least interesting being that of Mr. Gow Jukufifar, who sang several solos, and with one popular tune heajcompanied himself on the harmonium. The bazaar will be continued to day from 3 to 10 p m. Populae EaTEBTAmMKKTs.— We understand that a number of the residents of North Ade laide have formed themselves into a committee for the purpose o! giving a series of popular entertainments. Christ Church schoolroom has been kindly lent for the purpose, bat the move ment is of an entirely unsectarian character. The price of admission is fixed at one penny, so tbat no ona need be debarred from attending. Should the entertainments prove successful, and attract the class for whom they are specially provided, it is likely that they will be followed by the establishment of a gymnasium and evening classes, in which cue the erection of an independent building will become a necessity. Picsics o» thb Nnrrs. — Amongst the nume rous picnic parties which went out of Adelaide on the Prince of Wales's Birthday were two rom the Hindmarsh Baptist 8unday-school and the Sunday-school in connection with Chalmers Church, North-terrace. The former party num bered about 150 and the latter about 180. They were conveyed by the Holdfast Bay Railway Company, tbe former party camping at Sir John Morphett's grounds, and the latter at McDonald^ section, close by. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register 1 OfEce during the week ending Saturday, j November (J, were :- Bit ths — S2 males, 16 i females ; deaths — 24 males, 27 females. Total j - 158 births, 51 deaths. Excess of births, 107. ! Tbe District of Adelaide —Births— 27 males, 31 females. Deaths— 13 miles, 12 females. | Total— 5S births, 25 deaths. Excess of birtha, 33. j Thb Htgeia.— Sir Wm. Milne's yacht, ;the i Hygeis, was hauled alongside the Company's wh&xf; on Thursday, in order to bs fitted oat for her voyage to Melbourne. There are several other vessels getting ready for the fame cruise, and it is expected that the show which will be made by Sooth Australia amongst her eister yachts will be creditable alike to the colony and ? to ti# pujpla who tkte the vovela round. Thb Bishops aid tbb Svkuls Box.— In oar «ue of tbe 9th instant appeared an extract, :ent by a correspondent, of a sermon by the 3ishop of Manchester, warmly supporting the Suruis Bill as a slight concession for the sake -f 'peace and charity.' Another correspondent :ow asks us to insert the subjoined remarks i nade by tbe Bishop of Lincoln upon tha - notion of the Lord Chancellor that a message i -e sent informing the Commons that the . jords agreed to tbeir amendments of the Bill, i 3it hop Wordsworth, in the course of the spec :h ! ?eferred to, said :— ' I fear that this Bill will -e the cause of bitter strife and endless animo (ities, and that instead of being a message of . -eace it may prove — unless great caution and ; brbearance are used— the signal for the oat- i jresk of a religious war. My Lords, these are iot times, as it seems to me, for disoountenan- i ring and discouraging loyalty, and for inflicting : »ius. and penalties on thote who are well j iffected to our national institutions, and rho earnestly desire to maintain them. 3ut this Bill, I fear, will be found o have inflicted heavy pains and -enalties on one of the moat loyal classes of Her Majesty's subjects— tbe clergy of the Church of Sngland. ... My Lords, I feel bound to leclare my concurrence in the opinion of the Jergy that this Bill was unnecessary, that it is inreasonable and unrighteous, and that it may ead to such sacrilegious desecrations of holy ihings and of holy places as may be expected to se visited by divine judgments. But, my Lords, ;n saying this I am bound now to recognise the 'ace tbat this Bill haa virtually received the sanction of the Legislature; and in recognising that fact I am bound also to acknowledge that it will be my duty to endeavour, within my limited means and powers, to mitigate md neutralize the evils which I apprehend from it. ... I cannot, indeed, advise any joe to do anything contrary to his con science. I cannot recommend any clergy man to violate or contravene any of the lolemn vows to which he was pledged at bis ordination . . . but I am sure that none of your Lordships would desire that my of tbe clergy sheuld be driven to such an ilternative, or that anything should be done which might lead to a secession from the Church, or to a disruption of it ; and while I trust that in their present very painful posi tion the clergy may be guided and animated by a spirit of wisdom, patience, and charity, it is to be hoped that others also who differ from them may be influenced by a similar tamper. 4nd, my Lords, suffer me to add one word more. Whatever trials may now await the Church of England— and many things seem to indicate that a time of severe suffering is before her— I trust that she will never forget that she has a divine commission and a divine constitution, independent of and superior to ail temporal accidents and secular powers, and that if she is true to her divine constitution she is sure of divine support, and may even be strengthened by suffering and grow by persecution. And also I earnestly hope thar, whatever treatment Bhe may receive from the secular power, she will never be provoked to retaliate or be betrayed into angry feelings and acts of impatience and resentment, but will render good for evil, and endeavour to promote the cause of peace and order, loyalty and law, and to maintain the welfare and prosperity of oar national institutions and of all classes of the community.' Christ Chttech Schooleoom, O'Hallorah Hiix.— For many years travellers along the main South-road may have noticed four bare walla built on the top of fc'Halloran Hill. Members of the Anglican Church further knew that those walls were the unpleasant witness to an attempt to' erect i schoolroom in connection with Christ Church, but which attempt had failed for many reasons. Within the past two months, however, the walls mentioned have been neatly roofed in, and the building otherwise finished. On the Prince of Walea's Birthday the schoolhouse was formally opened. At about 2 o'clock the children and their friends assembled, and the door of the room was unlocked by Miss Porter, of Glenthorne, who declared the building named ' Chris t Church Schoolroom,' and fit for use. A short dedicatory service was then said by tbe Dean of Adelaide, assisted by the Rev. F. T. Whitington, the local clergyman. The Old Hundredth was heartily sung, and the Dean having given the benediction, the intro ductory proceedings closed with the singing of the Doxology. The children, after three ring ing cheers, then marched to Mr. Porter's Glen thorne Paddocks, where cricket, football, foot racing, swings, and the other usual amusements at school festivals were entered into with great spirit Subsequently all partook of a capital tea, generously provided by Mr j. Porter. Games were then resumed until evening came oo, when the young folks dispersed, after hearty cheers for the Dean, and Mr., Mrs., and Miss Porter. In the evening an entertainment was given, pre sided over by Mr. W. Reynell. The room was crowded, many persons being anable to gain admittance. A programme of vocal and instru mental music waa contributed by Mesdames Reynell, Horton, and Taylor, the Misses Porter, Miley, Tapley, McLeod, Cowley, and Trevorah, Dr. Horton, and the Messrs. H. and E. Porter. An amusing and highly moral scene, ' Use and Ornament,' was performed by a number of local amateurs, and the Rev. F. T. Whitington gave a comic reading. In every respect the inaugural proceedings were a gra tifying success. The schoolroom, which is neat-looking and commodious, urill be a boon to the neighbourhood generally, as well as a great benefit to the Church with which it is specially connected. Aboat £80 debt has been incurred in completing it. Mr. Porter has guaranteed the payment of the amount, but it is expected that it will be raised without much difficulty. Nearly £10 was added to the ftmd as tbe result of the opening soiree. East Noewood MrsicrPAL Election. — Messrs. A. Benson, G. Birrell, and S. Taylor, candidates for the ordinary vacancy of Coun cillor for East Norwood, addressed a meeting on Thursday evening at the Gold Diggers' Arms Hote-l^the show of hands being in favour of Mr. BensbS. Mr. K. St. Barbe-Miller was unable to be present, owing to a death in bis family circle, but he was unanimously nominated for the extraordinary vacancy caused by the retirement of Councillor Caterer, who intends standing for the Mayoralty. A vote of thanks to Councillor Caterer, who was in the chair, was passed for what he had done for the ward as Councillor. Garner' b The ktsb.— Professor Pepper tho roughly entertained a large audience at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening with his wonderful ghost illusions and serio-comio explanations. The marvellous effects of the microscope were shown in a way that astonished and delighted the spectators, who were traated to views of the finest cambric magnified to the size of wire netting compared with wings and eyes o? insects magnified thirty thousand times, and still showing the most delicate tracery and beautiful regularity. No end of amusement was caused by a semi-satirical exhibition of a drop of water, which, under the microscope, was proved to contain creatures formidable enough to stock a menagerie ohamberof horrors, and sufficient almost to make the stanchest teetotaller for ever forswear water unless fil- tered. The wonders of Nature were presented in various forms from tbe mathematically pre cise section of a rush to the gieiard of a cricket and the eye of a bluebottle. The remainder of the exhibition was equally enjoyable and in structive. A set of photographs of the famous ghost, cleverly taken by Mr. J. R. Dobson by the instantaneous process, was distributed to the audience, and the same thing will be done to-night. To- night the Professor will take his farewell benefit, on which occasion,1 in addition to the popular spectral illusions and panoramic views, he will exhibit the beautiful experiment of the combustion of the diamond, and also give some interesting experiments with fire. A very full billjis promised. Fisb at Hrsn-LBT-8TBBBT. — On Wednesday morning the City Coroner instituted enquiries into the origin of a fire which originated in a wooden room adjoining the residence of one Felix Denmandhim, a French platelayer, of Hindley-atreet west. It seems that he and his wife went out on November 9 to enjoy their holi day, and on returning home a little altercation took place, and the Frenchman, being somewhat excited, retired to rest oa a heap of chips in this room with a lighted pipe, and started the fire. Had it obtained a little stronger hold, the Frenchman would in all probability have been suffocated, as he was asleep when the accident waa discovered. At present an inquest is not considered necessary. Civil Service Riflh Cojtpast. — A general meeting of the Civil Service Rifle Company was held on November 10 at the Prince Alfred Hotel; Captain Wickateed in the chair. Mr. Boyce, tbe late Auditor, having resigned, Mr. Frederick Strother waa appointed in his place. A vote of thanks to Mr. Boyce for post services was passed with acclamation. The Chairman announced that Mr. Harvey Bellingham having been ordered up North on service was obl'ged to retire from the position of Secretary and Treasurer, which he regretted very much. Mr. Hantkin was elected unanimously in his place. A vote of thanks to Mr. Bellingham was unani monsly carried. Mr. Hart was elected a member of the Executive Committee, after which the meeting adjourned. New Rotal Csowh Mnrao Cojcast.Hsath cotb.— The Manager reports that the contractors have enzJi four feet in four days, making a total depth of shaft from the lurftee of 309 feet The machinery and pumps are working welL Grbt Waed.— A meeting of the electors of Grey Ward waa announced to be held at the Old Queen's Anas, Brown-street, last evening, but from nme reason or other the electors did not attend, and consequently no meeting was held. Octobhb Larb Sales.— During October the nun of £42,560 13a. Id. wu received at the Treasury on account of the sale of Orowo land*. This is £7,000 more than the corresponding month of last year, and is made up by the larger amount paid by selectors for the comple tion of the purchase! of their holdings. We are afraid, however, tbat tbe contribution from this source is not anything like what it ought to be, judging from the vast sum which falls due this year. The cash tales represent 1,8103 acres as having been sold, of which tbe bulk, or 1,3062 acres, is snbnrban lands. The payments to be made under this head are £6,633 ISs. 9d., most of which comes into the November accounts. On credit 34,43S acres have been selected, at a total cost to the selectors of £35,22-4 16s. 6d., or as average of £1 Ob. 6-L per acre— a low average compared with previous averages. The month's payments are detailed as follows : — Deposits and xdances. from previous sales, £2,783 IS*. 7d.; ten-year leases, &&, £406 ; 10 per cent, deposit on credit purchases, £3,529 16s. ; completion of purchase of 20.35SJ acres under Act 14 of 1668-9, £28,558 12s. lOd. ; payment of one quarter purchase-money, £253 15a.; payment of half purchase-money under clause 22 of Act 13 of 16/2, £3,625 7s. ; payment of portion of pur chase-money, £334 lls. 3d. ; second instalment of interest, £1,446 7s. 6d. ; extensions of credit and interest en overdue amounts, £1,606 4a. lid. ; making a total of £42,560 13s. Id. The amount received during the month for improve ments was £421 9s. Thh SmroHirr.— We hear that Captain Krsnse, the owner of the brigantine Lady Robinson, hsa bought the ketch Spindrift, seventy register tons, and six yens old, for £800, from the Hon. W. H. Bundey. The new pro prietor intends adding her to the Waterloo and Venus Bay* trade. TSAFFIC OS THB PBIMCB OT WaLBS'3 BlBTH dat.— On the late holiday the Holdfast Bay Railway Company carried 5,000 persons on their line exclusive of season ticket holders. This of course means that 2,500 persons travelled each way. Trains were arranged for by the Manager balf-bouxly during tbe afternoon and up till 8 o'clock, so that there was no crushing. Patubkt of Creditors. — We hear that Mr. Moss Judah Solomon, auctioneer, of Hindley street, who made aa assignment about eight years ago in consequence of unfortunate specu lations in wheat, has now paid his creditors in fulL This action, so raze in its occurrence, requires no comment. LjUTD Salh.— A sale took place at the Land Office on Thursday morning, at which several country and suburban sections were offered. There was a fair attendance, and the bidding was brisk. The highest price obtained was £175 for a nnirter of acre in the township of OotrelL, at Frani- iiu Harbour. Thb Rsv. Father Corkack. — We regret to announce that the Rev. William Cormack, Roman Catholic clergyman, died at ATchdeaooa Russell's residence, North Adelaide, on Thurs day morning, November 11. The deceased gentle man was twenty-six years of age, and. was born at Aberdeen, in Scotland. He was educated at Blair's College, and was afterwards sent to Valladolid, Spain, where he finished his educa tion. It wes intended that he should officiate in the western district of Scotland, but finding that bis health was failing from consumption, he came out to South Australia to try whether a drier climate would prolong hia life. He arrived here in August, 1877, and since then, and with a short interval till the time of his death, has assisted Archdeacon Rusiell at St. Laurence's Church, North Adelaide. Father Cormack wsi a very popular clergyman among all classes, and be will be very greatly missed by hij congrega tion as well as by bis fellow-clergymen. Tho cause of death was consumption. WAiurata to Dhotbbs. — At the Mount Remarkable Police Court on Wednesday, November 10, a drover named Iawsen, in tbe employ of Mr. J. H. Angas, of Willowie Station, was ordered to pay £50 compensation, £5 5s. counsel's fee, snd costs of Court and witnesses' expenses in addition (in default three months' hard labour), for wilful neglect of duty, by which hia employer lost forty-six valuable stud 'rams. It appeared from the evidence that the defendant took delivery from the steamer at Port Augusta on October 4 of 136 stud rams, to be taken to a northern station, that he was drank for ten days, and during the time lost and sold while drunk the forty-six charged in tbe information. Dr. Kauffmann appeared for the defence, and Mr. T. R. Bright for the prosecution. Proposed Hospital fob Etb Diseases. — There is now to be seen in Mr. G. Kobertaon'a window a sketch of the projected hospital for diseases of the eye which Dr. Joyce is so anxious to establish. It is a spacious and picturesque building in the[Gothic style, capable of accommodating sixty patients, and is pro posed to be erected on a two-acre block of land which has been secured at Goodwood imme diately facing the South Fark Lauds. It is esti mated that the building alone will cost £5,000, and with fittings, &c;, and the land, from £8,000 to £10,000; but Dr. Joyce states that if the public will subscribe £3,000 he will undertake to raise the remainder of the money himself. The architects, Messrs. English & Soward, have generously offered to give a donation equal to one-half of their commission. Stexkb oh thb Naibsb Eah.wai Woaxs. — On Thursday morning the men on strike on the Nsirne Railway works held a meeting at the main camp, Belair. About 150 were present, the navvies having been joined by the drivers to the number of from sixty to eighty, who expressed tbeir determination to unite with them in their efforts to obtain the establishment of the eight-hours system. It was decided that the Managing Committee should circulate printed appeals to the public tor subscriptions, of which over £6 has already been received, to enable the men to bold out against the con tractors. It appears that the labourers were paid by the hour and not by the day, and that no one haa been authorized to enter into negotiations for the settlement of the dispate by arbitration. As yet only one request has been made to the committee for assistance, and this they have acceded to. It is not their intention to give any individual money, bat to pay his store bill. The men still continue to maintain a firm attitude in their action against the contractors. GovERKMHsr Tbhdhub. — The following tenders were opened on Monday, November 8, viz.:— AS the Engineer-in-Chiet's Office— For the construction of a carriage running-shed at Port Augusta, three tenders, J. Bedunary lowest. At the A rchitect-in-OhieFs Office — For the erection of a Post and Telegraph Office at Eu dunda : the lowest was not declared, COHTRACTORS' AHD BUILDER3' ASSOCIATION.— The adjourned annual meeting of tbe members of this Association will be held at tbe Exchange this afternoon. Holdfast Bat Railwat Cokpaht.— We are informed tbat tbe whole of the new issue of shares in this Company baa been applied for and allotted. The Wh arts CosnnEsiOH.— The Wharfs Com mission notify in our business columns that they are willing to take the evidence of any persons who maj desire to give information in reference to the acquirement of wharfs and wharf fron tages at Port Adelaide and other seaports in the colony ; and in order to save inconvenience to witnesses they will take evidence at Port Wake field, Port Pirie, and Port Angusta when visiting those ports. Haihdressees' Picsic— Last eveniHg a meet ing of hairdressers wa? held, at which it was decided to hold a picnic in connection with the trade about Christmas time. Poet Pisib Jhttt. — On Thursday morning Messrs. M. Salom k Oo. offered at auction the property at Port Pirie known as Coombe's jetty and stores, but co bid was obtained for it. The Sibus at Halutt. — Nothing fresh hai occurred with reference to the strike of navvies at Hallett, ard as the Government have thown no signs of yielding, the men are entering into engagements with neighbouring farmers at 30s. a week and their keep. Salt Creek Petroletth On. Coicpxyrt. — The men, machinery, |and (tores left per Penola on Wednesday for the soece of the proposed opera tioES of this Company in the South-E&st; District. AcciDfcrrAi. Dbath. — Michael Goodwin died at the Hospital on Thursday morning from in juries received by a fall from a horse at Stans bury, on November 1. An inquest will be held as soon as tbe witnesses can be got together. 