general news. Lady Jervois returned from her visit to Melbourne by tbe steamer Cotopaxi, which arrived early on Friday morning. Her ladyship landed at the Semaphore Jetty shortly after 9 o'clock, and at once proceeded to town. 'The sale of pastoral leases was concluded at tbe Land Office on Friday morning, Novem ber 19. All tbe leases offered were sold exoe,.. section 110, Hundred of Moorowie, County ' Fergusson, for which there was no bid. Ti e total amount realized was about £1,830. Mr. George Diinn, ot''S[cHarg's Creek, has brought to this office ^-gma'l bundle of prarie grsss, some of which, is over nine feet lohg. This grass was growii1 iu Mr. Dunn's garden in a rich spot, but he says tbe plant grows luxuriantly all over his land. As prairie grass is an excel lent forage plant, farmers might take a hint from this. A banquet will be given by His Worsh:p the Mayor of Unley this evening, in the local Town Hall, to celebrate the completion of the building The military band, under the direc tion of Mr. G. Ougbton, will play in iront of tbe building from 6 till 7 o'clock, and sposial arrangements have been made for conveying city visitors to town at the conclusion of the festivities. The following is the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Thursday and the Bame hour oa Friday:— Biver Catherine 0 200 Daly Waters ... C 070 Powell Creek... 0180 Moonta ... 0 030 Yorketown ... 0 050 Stansbury ... 0'Q50 Kapunda ... 0050 Tanunda .. 0060 Echunga ... 0085 Stratbalbyn ... 0035 Streaky Bay ... 0 010 Port Lincoln... 0 020 Kingston ... 0010 Border Town... 0010 Narracoorte ... 0050 Barrow Creek 0 S50 Adics Springs 0*200 Charlotte Waters 0*210 Maitland ... 0*050 Gawler ... 0070 Gumeracba ... 0050 Adelaide ... 0 010 Mount Barker 0 C!) Cape Bordai C 070 Kingscote ... 0*010 Gcolwa ... 0*070 Meningie ... 0 070 Luciuda-e ... 0TCJ Penola 0 090 Milliesnt ... 0*020 The following is Friday morning's i weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line: —Port Darwin, calm, cloudy, fine; Southport, calm, cloudy, fine, warm; Yam Creek, calm, cloudy, fine, thunder storm yesterday; Pine Creek, calm, cloadv, fine, thunderstorm yesterday; Ki-'er Catherine, calm, cloudy, dull; Daly Waters, S.W., fresh ; Powell Creek, S.E, light, cloudy, thunder iorm in night; Tennant Creek, SE., light, threaten ing; Barrow Creek, calm, cloudy, dall; Alice Springs, S., moderate, cloudy, heavy hu- rlcaue yesterday; Charlotte Waters, S.E., strong, cloudy, dull, Peake, S.E, stcoug, cloudy, dull; Strangways Springs, S.W., strong, cloudy, fine; Farina, S.W., strong, cloudy, fine; Bolfcam, S.E., light, cloudy, fine. As will he seen by a telegram from our Port Yictor correspondent His Excellency tbe Governor arrived at Port Yictor from Krigsbon by the steamer Governor Mangrove on Thursday morning. After breakfasting with Mr. H. Hodgson, J.P., manager of theBaDk of South Australia at that place, he proceeded by special tram to Stratbalbyn, whence, after luncheon, be was driven to Adelaide, arriving in the oily at about 6 p.m. His Exeeiieuoy has been grevtl.v pleased with his visit to the Soufch-Eaiu, au i with the loyalty and enthusiasm invariably shown by the inhabitants of tbe varioj* uk ships through which he pa«:c I during his si* .; in the district. On Thursday, November 18, the Austr.: - lian cricketers, accompanied by a numb3t o? other gentlemen, including several member of Parliament and the Mayor ol Adelaide, werj driven in two large five horee coaches from the Imperial Hotel to Mount Lofty, where it b: : fc:on intended that they should be entertained at a picnic by Mr. G. S. Fowler, M P. Every provision had been made for the comfort anil amusement-of the pionicers, but owing to the net weather which prevailed and the deuse fog. which lifted ones only as if to allow the visitors to see the magnificent panorama of the Adelaid e plains, the arrangements were altered and tbe w8ggon and staff of waiters went back to the Orafers Hotel. Thither the company followed and enjoyed an excellent luncheon, after which, amoDg others, the toasts of "The Hc3u,"icTne Australian Eleven," and "His Worship the Mayor" were given and responded to. The parry returned to Adelaide at about 6.30, and iu th ) evening the cricketers went to tbe Theatre Royal to see the performance of " Maritena." as the benefit of Mr. Armes Beaumont. This morning they will go to Gawler, where they will play a match, commencing at 11 o'clock, with a twenty-two from the northern districts. After the match the playerB in both teams will b • entertained at dinner, at tbe Old Spot Hotel, by the Gawler Orioket Olub; after which tbe Eleven will attend at the performance of " Pinafore" at the institute. The game will bs continued on Saturday. We believe that the Gawler people have used their bsst efforts to make tbe pitch as good as possible, but it is hardly likely that it will be of a very high dr< order. The names of the twenty-two have been already published, but we hear that McDonald will be sent from Glare instead of G. Hardc. Oaptain Adam Ferguson, D.A.A.G., has con sented to act as umpire for the twenty-two, tbe captain of which team will be elected on the ground. Excursion trains will ran bet we 3a Gawler and Adelaide to day and to morrow, and the banks and shop3 in Gawler will bs cloBed this afternoon j in fact every effort pri sible seams to have been made to render the match a success. The formers of South Australia have many disadvantages to contend against iatbe shape of drought, rust, grasshoppers, and other drawbacks, but judging frozn a telegram from our Port Pirie correspondent another ev-' has been added to their already long list of ills, in the shape of a parasite whose place in natural history it will require some ingenuity on the part of nata rali6ts to determine. The inseot, the presence of which in wheat has been noticed by several farmers, is shaped something like a Havana cigar, with a black head and scarlet body, tl>e extremities tapering. Oar correspondent en quires whether rust may not be attributed to h-.s parasite. It is generally understood, «e believe, that rash is due to the development by abnormal atmospheric conditions of a pecq'ia funsus in the wheat plant,.but it ia not impro bable that such conditions would a'so tend to the development' of a previously unknown parasite, On and after; the 22ad instant a post office will b9 opened at West Thebii ton. The Postmaster-General alae notiisa tbat in fuaai j tbe post-office " Yareowie" vrill be known us " Whyte- Yarcowie." . Tbe. Superintendent of Telegraphs re quests that in futnre all telegrams intended for Natal, South Africa.. should: specify the office of destination, 83 they may ^otherwise be iuis sent to Natal in Braail. . We understand that Mr. G. W. DempEter, who was recently almltteV to the bar. has joined Meaya. Dempster. & Webb, of Port Adelaide, and that the hew aim will b. Dempster, Webb, & Dempster." Mr. J. A. Hartley, the president of the Publio Schools Floral Society, intends to give a series of lessons on the cultivation of dowers to the pupilsof tbe publio schools iu the city and suburbs. The first lesson will be given iu the Grote- etreet Model School on Saturday after noon. We have received from Mr. W. . A. Raymond, of Hamley Bridge, several samples of wheat taken from farms iu the Hundred of Dalbey sown, during May and June, all badly \- affected by rnst. Mr. Raymond, who is con stantly travelling through the district, says tbat these are fair samples of the crops, and that rust is very bad in the hundred. A general meeting of the Gawler Volun teer Rifle 31ub was held at the Oi l Spot Hotel, Gawler, on Wednesday evening, November 17. A revised code of rules was adopted, and the officers were appointed for tbe ensuing twelve months:—Patron, Major F. Makia, J.P.; presi dent, Captain J. A. Plummer; vice- presidents, Lientenant J. Taylor and Surgeon F. W. H. Popbatn. The following committee was elected-: —Sergeant J. Maneom, lance-corporal B. Freak, Privates T. Baldock, L.G. Da we,and J. Gullan; treasurer, Oolor-Eergaaiit. J. Crump; secretary. Sergeant J. Harbour. The leading residents of the town are to be invited to become patrons of tbe club, and otherwise to assist it. Yotes of thanks were passed to the officers for the past year. • "The Rev. J. Thome, of Gladstone,' writes the Areas Express, ,:has received a letter by the English mail makiDg enquirie" as to the prospects of a rather curious class of emigrants. It appears that the old town of Whitstable, in Kent, has enjoyed certain curious privileges col a ec ted with oyster fishery, dating from tbe days of Wiliism the Conqueror. These privi leges desoend to the freemen of Wei stable hy bticditfisy light, but the natives of c'uo to vn have increased so uicch that the tip94 a'ati7C,' are unable any longer to supply their wants. The Whitstable Cyster Fishery Company, which fenjoys this ancient and once valuable monopoly, now numbers over four hundred mem bers, many of them with large families; aod it is under, these circumstances that Mr. Thome's correspondent write j to enquire as to the pos sibility of obtaining a grant of foreshore some where on the Australian ccast for the purpose of establishing an oyster fishery Special services in aid of the trust funds of the Parkside Primitive Methodist Church were held on Sunday and Monday, November 14 and 15. On the 8nnday sermons were preached by the Revs. J. G. Wright, S. Fairey (Baptist) and J. Goodwin, pastor of the churoh, to good con gregations. The tea on the Monday was largely attended. Mr. J. Peters ocupied the chair ct the public meeting, and gave an excellent practical address. The report was presented by the Rev. J. Goodwin,' and showed that notwith standing tfae losses sustained by the church con sequent on the opening of two other churches (Bible. Christian and Eaptist) in the neighbor hood idnring the past few months, the congrega tion and membership were in an enoouragiog state, as was also toe Sunday-school, which numbered 100 scholars and 10 teachers. Toe Revs. J. S; Wayland and S. Fairey delivered suitable addresses on Christian life and work. The choir, assisted by Messrs. B. and W. Ro.">, sang several pieces of good musio, Mr. J. Clarke presiding at the organ. Toe collections and subscriptions amounted to abont £28. We have received the report of the directors of the Adelaide, Unley, and Mitcham Tramway Company for the half-year ending October 31. It states that, notwithstanding the steady increase that is taking place in the traffic on the line, and the fact that the receipts have been considerably greater daring the past six months than for the corresponding period last year, owing to the expense that has been incurred during the winter months, and the cost of rais ing the line in meny part® where it was too low, the receipts have been absorbed to suoh an extent that the directors have felt themselves com pelled to stay the payment of dividends nntil the profit and Iocs account is in a moie satis factory state. There is a balance to credit of £420 6s. 6d., hat it is proposed to leave this until next year, when its disposal, together with the question of depreciation, may be con sidered. The value of the line, plant, buildings, land, &c.;, belonging to the com pany has been carefully estimated, avd it is considered that they are fnlly worth the amount put down; and the directors also rapo-t that everything i3 in a most efficient oondit'on, so that they think it wilL be soon enongh to pro vide for depreciation at tbe time when the accounts are rendered. Mr. W. Towasend, M.P., the chairmen of tbe company, has resigned his position during the past half-year, and Mr. John Prince has been elected in his place. The directors, after due consideration, have ap pointed Mr Macgeorge, secretary, to the vacant seat on the board; and have chosen Mr. S. Scatt as secretary to tbe company, commencing from the 20th inBi. The directors further report that they have been able to arrange a loan to the company on very satisfactory terms; that two new cars have arrived, and are now at work on the line; and that additional sidings have been put down. A meeting of shareholders in the company will be held at the Exchange, Pirie-street, on the 26th iust., when the above report will be presented, and the election of direotoia in tbe place of two who retire in their turn, and of two auditors, will take placo. Tbe remuneration of tbe directors will also have to be fixed at that meeting. At the meeting of the Port Corporalio 1 02 Thursday, November 18, tbe mayor (Mr. T. Hack, J.P.) preserved his annual report for the j ear 1880. After cougratu'ating the ratepayer o:i tbe steady advance of the town the repot b stated that the surface drainage scheme pro jecUd by the town surveyor last year was being successfully carried cut through tbe town. During the year 29,616 loads o" silt had been distributed over the streets, the leve's o? some of which had been raised. Tbe construction of tbe new wba*f wf ? alluded to, ard i'ue mayor expressed an opinion that at the end of the twenty-one year J lease of tbe property graated to M-. Bower it would bring into tbe cO'pora troo a revenue of £3.003 por annum. A new snivey of tbe town had been eormaeoczd, and wou'd shortly be completed; the work of metalling the si :c sis commenced last year, ard bad been continued to the fullest ex teat that the fund at dispo: \\\ would allow. The revenue from rates was rapid'y ircrecv.Dg. Tbe increase in the assess ment of property wae £8,105 1CU. over that of lastyear. iterates co'hetvdamounted to £3,193 18a. 6d, end tvr Government subsidy £1,451 lis. 2d. Tbe expendito-e won £6,668 12s. 23., including £3,031 8j. 10J. for public works. £1,719 18s. lid. for cartage and £1.405 6s. for labor. The council had a balance to its credit in tbe bank of £3,748 14s. 51., of which sum £8,483 would have to be paid for finishing the new wharf and deepening in front of-it. The mayor expressed his thanks t:> tbe town clerk,, surveyor, and other officers of the corporation for the" "ability, energy, and courtesy displayed in tbe disrhs^a of their duties," which had not ou'y given bim the greatest satisfaction but- had also m6t with the approval of the jouucil and ratapayers generally. In conclusion he stated that he felt that it wa3 due t"> the business like way in which the counoil Lad assisted Lim in his duties that be was enabled to give such a satisfacto.y repoot. A beauty vote of thm'.s was accorded the mayor for his report and for the ab'e way in whicb he had carried out the duties of his office. In our advertising colunnrawjU be foun t the preliminary programme for the forthcoming annual regatta to be held at Port Adelvde. A strong committee hao been appointed, and a good secretary has been found in Mr. B. H. Laker, the town clerk, eo that there is no doubt there will be a capital day's sport. Professor Pepper gave an entertainment at the Port Adelaide Tots a Hall on Thu-sKy evening.. November 18, to a fair hoo"e. Many of his mc3t popular ghost illusions were intro duced into the programme, and were mach appreciated. Profe::or P6pper will appear at toe Port ti -rght and to-morrow evening, and amusement-loving inhabitants of the district should he careful not to lose the opportunity of paying him-a visit. This evening a benefit will be tendered to Mr. Herbert'Flemining, who is well knooo as a capable s-etor, at the Altai o Hall,Pirie street-. Robor iron's charming-comedy," Caste," wi!i fcr pre rented, with M*1. Flemmiogos Goo. D'Alroy, and the rest of the oha-a'-.;: j will be assume 1 by amitaors as follows: —Polly Eccles, Miss Armbrsater; the Marquise, a lady amateu*; Esther, Miss M;ana Fischer j Eccles, Captain Haggard; Captain Hantreo, Lieufc.-Col. Fitzroy; Sam Gerridge, Mr. B. G? Moore. An amateur orchestra under the leadership of Mr. "Walter Reed will play selections-of music, and with such an attractive programme there should be a bumper htmse. Mr. W. Edwards, the long-distunes pedestrian, is to commence- the feat o2 walking 120< miles in t we Ay-six bou s iu the Exhibition building this- evening. Mr, Edwards will commence the- jqurney at 8 o'clock to-night, and will finish at 10 o'olcci to-moirow evening; The walking trachi, which is inside the building, is 98 yards 8 inches in circumference, and the pedestri? • has to travel eighteen laps for each mile. Seats have been, provided inside the- track, and oat side is what is called the promenade. The Concordia Band will bo in attendance, and refreshments of all descriptions will be pro curable. . A committee of influential gentleman has been appointed to see that the champi ni fairly carries out his undertaking. Tha?e. was a crowded: house at the Theatre Royal on Thursday night on the occa sion of Mr. Ames Beaumont's benefit, and the popular tenor was awarded quite an ovat'on as he appeared in-his old character of Don Caesar deBazan in a. Haritana." He was well supported by Miss Elsa. May as Maritana, Mr. Verdi as Don Jose, Miss Lambert- as Lazarillo, and generally by- the other members of the oompaay. To Mr. Beaumont's personal exertions much, of the success of the opera season is mainly due, and his numerous friends in Adelaide hope to ; be present at many of: his benefits in the future. After the opera a ballad concert was held in. which Mr. Terapleton sang " The Village Blacksmith Madame Rose Hersee gave " Within a Mile o' Edinbio' Town" in a. style that elicited an un deniable encore; Mr. Vernon sarig " I thought of thee;" Mrs. Fox rendered in a very pleasing manner " Tell me my heartand Mr. Beaumont sang Sims Reeves's favorite," Tell ma Mary how to woo thee." This evening, the last night of the opera season, <■' Pinafore" will be presented, and will be followed by vocal and instrumental solos by members of the company. Tho Aus tralian Eleven were present both on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, and thoroughly en-, joyed the performance on esoh occasion. 