Is Like Worth Living r the above question forms the title of Mr. Mallock's last book; wnutensmce his conversion to the Roman Catholic faith, hi certainly not diffident language he tiius gnes his reasons for engaging upon the old inquiry which has troubled thinking minds since the ?world began : — a!)out to att,w'Vl inquirini:. not sentimentally. but with all calmness and sobnety, into the true value of this human life of ours, as tried by those tests ot reality- which the modem world is accepting, and to ask dispassionately if it be really worth the bring. The inquiry lias certaiVdv often been made before ; but it has never been made pro perly : it has never been made in the true scientific spirit It has always been vitiated either by diffidence or bv per sonal feeling ; and the Positive school, though thev rejoice to question eveiything else, have practically, at least in this country, left the worth of life alone. They may now aud then perhaps have affected to examine it, but their exami nation has been merely formal, like that of a custom-house officer, who passes a portmanteau which he has only opened. They have been as tender with it as Don Quixote 'was with hiB mended helmet, when he would not put Ids card-paper ▼izor to the test of the steel sword. I propose to supply this efficiency in their investigations. I propose to apply exact tfaonght to the only great subject to which it has not been spphed already.' Whether the thought thus applied is really suffi ciently exact to clear the subject of its difficulties, and to supply all previous deficiencies, is a question for whicli^ themselves. It is not a work newspaper columT® lpa°l in .a that th^ OatlinTinA^ec^iaPter8 devoted to proving nuzzled ^ ^ refuge for SSned world^n V? ibe^ 8he all that tLe en Siff moral IS? * W'*. and, in fact, the grow under a Kiinpr^ *!1311! orSanised and developed Protestants However much tin«- int,n a ,fret 18 to be ' fast evapora these nmnncV*6 natural theism' may disagree with kSlPJ j'8' j e?e 18 no doubt that they are com;i-?prc hff j that here at least the author considers he stands on solid ground. th#- hnnb 'hole of the movements of the t-»o there movements consisting chiefly and fi °l e Positivist's ghosts and devils, the? from their goblin strongholds, ?a-! ». , e succeeds or not in destroying them, Hooves that life is more worth living than ^ before, is a point on which different Jwi-f * disagree. If we accept the belief v 6 1Sj k living because the Catholic ur renders it so, all may be satisfactory ; but if not, a most miserable impression is left upon the soul. au these ghosts and goblins, scarcely heard of before, Aaunt the empty chambers of the' brain, troubled doubts arise and are not satisfied, and God and eternity seem argued into dreams. After days of study, ptruggling against the logic of scientific negation, one is inclined to envy the condition of the practical matron, who, when asked if she had read the book, which had been given to her, replied, ' Well, really, my boys give me so much to do that I have no time to consider whether life is worth living or not ; but I suppose it is, or we should not be put here to live it. 