GYMPIE. (KKOM A Of IKUKSI’ONDENT.) Perhaps it may not be out: of place hero to give an extract i'rom that admirable work “ The Irish in America,” oh that admirable man “ .John Francis Maguire, M.P.” the cir cumstances oh Catholics in America in those days heingsosimilar to our own in Australiain these. It might be hoping against hope to expect that sinners against the Holy Ghost of the Dermot. .Mac.Morragh-cum-Paudeen-na Soggarth type could pnjht by warning of this sort. .Judas Iscariot did not profit by the admonition of Our Plessed .Lord in the Gar den. Put it may he of some service to the few dupes into whose (.yes this devil’s shadow is throwing dust. Without .further note or comment, l hereby supply the extract which will, 1 trow, speak for itself trumpet tonguod :—‘"Then.' Were in those early days of the Church in America, dangers from with in, as well as dangers from without, and it may be said that the former were more perilous to the Church, and a more formidable obstacle to her influence and progress than those which were purely external. These in terior causes of difficulty arose mainly from the system of lay trusteeship, which in too many dioceses.were the occasion of long- standing feuds, and of grave public scandal. Certain members of the laity generally men of little faith, much vanity, and strong self-eoncei t—-braved and defied the author ity of their Bishops, treated with contempt the discipline of the Church, and even ventured to appoint and dismiss pastors at their pleasure. The great body of the faithful had no sympathy whatever with the acts of those who, not only by their intrigues and turbulence, but by making their contentions the subject of news paper tirades and constant proceedings in courts of law, brought much discredit on Catholicity. It required on the part of the Bishop who found himself so painfully circumstanced, not merely the greatest prudence and wisdom, but firmness and determination. Occasionally, either through gentleness of nature or utter weari ness of soul, or from a spirit of conciliation— in the hope of healing an ugly wound, and preventing further evil—a Bishop consented to surrender some portion of his legitimate authority ; but there were others, and those, thank God, the larger number, who, being of stronger and sterner nature, resolutely set their faces against all and every encroachment on the episcopal functions, and, by sheer force of character, vanquished the intriguers, and crushed schism wherever it showed its head. It would be a prolitless task to refer further to events which may be left to merited oblivion, but which planted thorns in the mitre of many an American prelate.”— “ Maguire’s Irish in America,” pages 405-6, chapter 22. 1 saw by a letter in the last Australian, from that good and patriotic priest, Father Breen, the learned professor of mathematics and English literature in Saint Kilian’s College, that the devil’s shadow, “ Umbra,” has not entirely obscured the spirit of Irish nationality in the Catholics of Brisbane. Immediately after the publication of an “ Old Irish Priest’s” letter in the Australian, we instituted a collection here as therein directed, and, circumstances considered, with satisfactory results. We forwarded about £24 to Mr. Parnell in January last as a first in stalment but the collection for the Irish Famine Belief Fund coming upon us at the same time, we were reluctantly compelled to Jet the Parnell Fund stand over for the time being. Though Gympie is a small place, and our people are in comparatively humble cireum j stances, still and this is matter of fact, well j known, wo arc seldom backward in contribu j ting towards anything Catholic, National, or charitable. And further, though we recog uise the. fact that faith is all- important in its viva order, .still as people of sense, we are far from acting on tin/ principle that it is a substi tute tor works. We believe that faith and woi'ds without works and deeds are of no avail, in i'acL that they are what the canny Footed poet said of the world and its vanities —“All hoilow! hollow! hollow!” 