PEPPER'S GHOST AT GARNER'S THEATRE. There was a very large house at Garner-s Theatre on Saturday night to witness the pro duction for the first time in Adelaide of Pro fessor Pepper's world- renowned ghost illusion, which he exhibited successfully for many years in London, and since his tour round the world has shown in numerous cities to- many audiences. Illusions of a similar kind have been before seen in Adelaide, but they were managed on a different principle to that exhibited by Professor Pepper, of which he and Messrs. Dircks and - Tobin were the original inventors, their illusion being by . far the most perfect and striking. That such is the case must have been apparent to ever} one who witnessed the performance on Saturday night, despite all the drawbacks whioh attended it. In the first place the professor was working under a disadvantage in his appa ratus having been damaged by a serious explo sion on the previous day,, and also in the fact that the members of the company were, with oneexception, novices in the ghost business, which demands much more histrionic, skill than the general public imagine, and had been able to have but one reheat sal'. It was therefore scarcely to be wondered at that actors and ghosts alike did not perform together so well as could have been wished, and that the light wsb now and again uncertain. These diffi culties and others will no doubt be over come to-night, and enough was shown on Saturday to prove that the illusion when effectively worked is a very beautiful one. The entertainment opened with the story of Pyg malion and Galatea,, the artist king being dis closed, when the curtain rose, standing in mute admiration of the lovely statue whioh he had formed. The effeot of tne statue waking to life was cleverly given, and thelady who played the character sang very prettily- the well-known air, " Scenes that are brightest." The audience were then informed by Professor Pepper, who. acted throughout as the lecturer, of the continua tion of the story, and of how, grieved at the distress of Pygmalion's wife, who has been dis carded for her, Galatea prays the goddess that she may be returned to her former lifeless state. The goddess, however, prefers translating the fair one to the celestial abodes, and the manner in which the form moving on the stage, appa rently substantial, was made instantaneously to, vanish from the grasp oi Pygmalion vrsp very well executed. This, which wi as by far the most successful ghost ill fu sion of the evening, was followed by ian exhibition by means of a large magic lan'tern of a series of photographs, illustrative of anoient and modern statues, which were .mag nified to life size on the soreen, and sto ,od out with a wonderfullly stereoscopio effeot. frmlwig the most beautiful were the " B aVvedere Apollo;" a grand statue of "Mars," "Venus and Cupid," the "Laocoon," the " Ariadne," " Venus de Medici," " Ajax def /ying the lightning," and a beautiful group i by Thorwaldsen, erected over the tomb of one o£ the cardinals in Ror oe, These pictures, which excited general adr miration,were succeeded by two other ghost illusions—the " Worried Barber" and •' Fisher's , Mystery," the latter founded on the well-know ,n story of jthe Fisher apparition at Penrith. Jn New South Wales—neither of which were H0 successful as could have been desired, and an effort at por trait sketching by an invisibl d hand, which ,was a complete failure from so me cause or other. The magic lantern exhibit-' i0na 0£ the "crawl ing demons" and the " co jor changes," known' to all frequenters of Profe ssor Pepper's lectures, came next, and the enter! jainment, whioh will be repeated this evening, concluded with another spectre story, Room' 27, or the Haunted Inn," in whioh the midmgh' j adventures of a traveller' with ghosts were_ depicted, and one of '• the spectres, the " Ma' ,h of the Mist," sang Very nicely " Rocked in thg cradle of the deep." • 