THE PARLIAMENT. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY, Thursday. Jt_tly 15. In the continued absence cf the Spsakcr, Mr. IuWSsesd took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PETITIONS. The Hon. J. COLTON presented a petition from t£e ?iemperauce ujmmiuee 01 me south Au-- lra:ian Uesleyan Methodist Church, praying the bcuse tot to pasB the clauses in the Lceusid Victuallers Bill providing for the opening of pubii ?- htuses en Sunday. llecei-ed and read. Tbe lion J. COLTON presented a petition from £. Alack, Secretary of L(-. Kechabitis, nsmhs irtfl.5Wl members: John Pickering, jun., D.D V. l.o. Uechabites; William B. Stephens, G.YV.C.i' ' I.O.G. Templars, numbering l.luo meinl/ers; F. -i'. CueyandB. F. Mellcr, Hon. Sees., representing a vublic meeting held at Adelaide on the 10th iner. ; and the Kev. John Mctfwin, Secretary ol the Lxsrgciical Alliance, praying the House to nuke Sunday-dosing compulsory. ?heceived and read. JETTIES ON THE WEST COAST. Tte COMMISSIOUEK of PUBLIC! WORKS iBrn. G. C. Hawker), in reply to Mr. Mobtlock, raid it had been absolutely necessary to Bend down in cttcer to the west coast to see if the soundings taken for the proposed jettieB were correct. He was expected to letura in about three weeks, and ttcn tbe tenders would either be accepted orfresh tries invited. Jn reply to Mr. Coglut, he said the ifccer would also visit Franklin Harbour. AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION Mr. BKAY said he bad just Riven notice of nation for leave to introduce a Bill to amend the t'ci stitution Act. As tit: understood tbe Govern n. tut intended taking action in thematttr he did cot wish tu intetf ere with them, and would thece Kie withdraw the notice. PUNT ON POET AUGUSTA KIVEK. Mr. COULIN asked—' la it ttse intention of the Government to place a punt on the 'Port Augusta h her to facilitate the crossing of the population from the west to the east side of Port Augusta proper ; arid if not, why not f * Ihe TREASUREK tHon. C. Mann) replied :— ' A report will be obtained, on the subject, on re ceipt of which Uovemment will decide wnether or cot to undertake the work.' liltADFKOUfiLtfaiAKTO RAILWAY LINE. Mr. COOKE asked—' Whether in? route for a re ail frtru Blicman to tbe railway line has yet tttn determined upon; and if not, what steps Lave been taken to settle the question!' The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC* WORKS (H-n. G. C. Hawker) replied: -'The route for a road from ISIintnan to the railway line ha3 not yet btcn determined on, though it is probable than the cne by the Oanajran Creek acil Steps Gorge will be adopted, as an eipentliture of iSihJ will make this passable. Ihiee other routes have been examined, bu: the necessary wotks would be exceedingly ex pensive, and liable to be swept away by the Hoods, which ri»e to a height of niieen fecL A further examination and Buryey will be made as soon as the furve}or (Mr. Irvine) can be spared from the roads he is now making in the Areas.' MEN DISCHAEGED FROM WATERWORKS. Mr. COGL1N aBked— 'Is it the intention of the Government to allow some remuneiarion to the men rectntly discharged from the Waterworks, after forty years' servitude, namely, Thomas Travera. Benjamin Casey, Benjamin Follen?' Tbe TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann) replied :— 'These men were dischar/ed because their services ?were no longer required. When the claims for compensaticn are rent in they will be deals with in the usual manner.' CHINESE IMMIGRATION TO THE NQR : THEKN TEKRirORr. Mr. PARSONS aaked-'lf the GKerament 'will permit Chinese to land in the Northern Terri tory without limit a» to number t' I Ihe MINISTER of EDUCATION (Hon. T. JviDp) replied:— 'The Government being in com munication with tbe other colonies with a view of united legislation on tbe Chinese question it is not considered advisable to take independent action ia reference to the Northern Territory.' I NORTHERN TERRITORY SUGAR BILL. : This Bill was introduced bv the Minister of Education, read a first time, ordered to be printed, &Ld; the second reading fixed for Tuesday next. - - ! ELECTORAL DISTRICTS BILL. t Consideration of amendments made by the legislative Council. I Ihe TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann) said as the amendments made by the Legislative Council were somewhat similar to those they had made last year he would ask the Deputy-Speaker whether it came within the scope of the powers of tbe other branch oi the Legislature to make these amend mThe' DEPUTY-SPEAKER said-The Speaker having last year, on October 24, given his opinion that the Legislative Council could not make similar amendments in the then Electoral Districts Bill, and that if the House wished to. pass amendments the course waa clear— the House would simply have to lay the Bill aside and bring in a fresh one. I coincide in this opinion, and the Bill must be laid aside. The TREASURER (Hon. C. Mann) said it then became his duty to move that the Bill be laid aside, and in doing so he thought it only fair to state to the House the course the Government intended to adopt with reference to this very important ques tion. He bad not only had the privilege of con ferring with the Deputy-Speaker on tbe subject of the power of the Legislative Council to make these amendments, but he had also seen the Speaker and pone carefully into the question with him. The Speaker was still as strongly of opinion as he was last year that it waa incompetent for the Legis lative Council to make these amendments, and in that opinion he most thoroughly concurred. He was not going into the merits of the ruling of the Speaker and of. the Presi dent of the Legislative Council, but he thought any one reading the clause ot the Consti tution Act could only come to one conclusion as to which waa the proper view of the case. He was quite sure the House would agree with him that under the special circumstances of the case the Speaker was right— (Hear, hear}— and they were bound to support him in his ruling. Therefore, after the ruling the Deputy-Speaker had just given he had no option as leader of the House than to move that the Bill be laid aside. He diii not wisn to say one disrespectful word of the other branch cf the Legislature. He had always supported them eo far as be possibly could in the exercise of their legitimate powers and privileges. Many of them were his own personal irieuda, and he was sure there was not any one in that Chamber but for whom he had the -very highest respect- At the same time he felt bound to say that he thought the Legislative Council last year treated the House with very scant courtesy indeed. Un that occasion be thought the House made a nibtake iu going into Committee to consider tlic amendments the Council had ma-le. They declined to azree to these resolutions for reasons which were drawn up and sent to the Council, but the Council bad not even the courtesy to consider them, but simply laid the Bill aside. Last year the House went into Committee to consider tbe amendments. It was a new point, and he had not given it the fu'l consideration which he had since done; but having done so, he thought the proper mode was to move that the BUI be laid aside, it I einz incompetent for the Legislative Council to make these amend ments in it. He did that in accordance with Parliamentary practice, and not out of any disre spect to the other branch of the Legislature. He wanted, if possible, to show that his policy was conciliation as far as conciliation could possibly be carried, sod to do so he was going to adopt what he himself considered a step m a retrograde direc tion. As the House knew, he bad on more than one occasion expressed the strong opinion that un.ess the Legislative Council amended the Consti tution Act by making itself more amenable to public opinion the House ought not to consent to any increase of its members. He felt now, although not quite so strongly as be did, that it was not a wUe course to pursue to increase the number of members of the Legislative Council unless some other amendment of the constitution of the Legis lative Council were made at the same time. His colleagues did not feel as strongly as he did on tbe sutijtct; some of them entertained a directly con trary opinion. But he could not forget that he represented a Northern constituency, and that he krew press injustice had been done to the North. (Hear, hear.) And seeing thi?, he hail to consider whether or not he would abandon all chance of seeing justice done to the Northern districts and to the Peninsula by insisting that there should be no increase in the number of members of the Legislative Council; or whether, on a point on which he knew there was very great difference of opinion in the Heuse— and he believed the pre ponderance was in favour of an increase— he should allow his individual opinion to prevent his en deavouring to pass a Bill which he knew would remedy a gross injustice. He was not going to put his opinion against that of the majority of his colleagues or against the House having an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the subject, and, therefore, he had given way on the subject of increasing the number of members of the Legislative Council, with the view of securing what was admitted to be on all hands a great boon, the proper representation of the Northern districts; and after this Bill was laid aside — as, no doubt, it roust be— the Uovemment would tie prepared on Tuesday next to ask for leave to introduce a Biii in exactly the same terms so far as regarded that House, but also increasing the cuaiber of members of the Legislative Council to twenty-four, and he would give a contingent notice to suspend the Standing Orders, in order that the Bill might pas3 through the whole of ils stages in one d3y— (Hear, bear, and Nc)— because time was of the greatest impoitance. (Mr. Parsons— ' One constituency or districts for the Council ; ') He did not propose to alter the present arrangement, not that he did not think that would be a right thins to do l*c3UBe he did, but he knew that if they sent a Bill up to the Council providing for an alteration cf the constituency it would come back with the same result as before; but as he wished to see jre justice for the Northern districts he had given way in his individual opinion in order to secure it. Mr. BKAY thought in this instance that the Government had on tbe whole taken a right step, for he did think that the colony was again made to *ufTer because of the dilferecce of opinion which existtd amongst the members themselves ; and he nid cot hesitate to say that if on questions like the inert ase of the number ci members of the Legis lative Council, or the diyidtiv;: of their constituency into several districts, it was a bad day for the country that Parliament ahoald allow these Ministers to retain office. (Ob, and laughter.) They saw what was the result of diflerences of opinion respecting the Constitution Act in another colony, and 'whilst there they found the House divided into two distinct parties, which was deplorable enough : he said they had never occu pied the degrading position occupied by the House teat day, when they allowed the Ministry them selves to be divided on a question like this. He «!id not hesitate to ?ay that the reform of tbe Legis lative Council would never be carried into effect, so keg a3 they had a Ministry who were divided ancngst themselves a3 to the'best means of pro tiding for tfce election of the two Houses of Parliament. Tbe Treasurer, tho leader of the Bouse, to!d them on this question that he actually ictended ro adopt a coarse be uM not believe in ; that all the members of tbe House hid heard him assert, as leader of the present Ministry, he would net te 3 party to- the increase o? the number of rcembers cf the Legislative Council, until some tckeme were airiveil at to make them more aaenable to public opinion, because he believevl that wi:hout i: to increase the number of rcernbers would only make ths Legis lative Council more powerful for mis-hief, tt En as at present constituted. (JIx. Haia here n.rde an ir.terject'on.) He did not know what the i; P, ctmfcer for 'Wallarco Boid, and he did not ^J***0? oh & point like Urn he was not anS&li;? £tve «- oP'n'on. If there was one ?«1f Sn whl^1 must te settled throughout Aus traa» it was this question of the relat.ve power of ineiwo Houses, and it could never be settled if tney had on the Treasury Benches msn divided amoDRst themselves as to ths be3t means of bringicg it about. They might pass the nutter o^ertnatday, but he feit thai they wouM nsglect tneir duties and disgrace their positiuns as repre sentatives of the people if they allowed a maa to iLtrcuuti.- a Bill which he said himself he aid not uelie\e in. He be'ieved that one way to make ilia Legislative Council more amenable to public ousn'.cn w^s ly increasing the number of member; but he btli»ved they naust do tint by dividing the tdony into (iietnct-s— (cneers)-and any man mast fc^ve shut his ejes to what had gone on at ?*k J1-' eIi;c*10n !'or the Legislative Council it he did not teethe necessity for doing this and it was cowardly. He did not hesitate to brand the -Ministry one an I ell as cowards— (The Attorney beceral— 'Hear, hear')-ii they shrank from doing what they believed lo be right simply because they belifcvedijtuMhe members of another place wuuid refuse tojo rlrcir duty. » Mr. COG LIN rose to order. Was it Parlia mentary language for the hoc. member tcf ea 1 the Ministry cowards; (Lau^httr.MjMiB.* k - The DfcFUlY- srEAlihi; W& 'it hadsljaen ruled over and over again that pufc-inthe Bemused by the hon. member for East Adelaide thefeont was perfectly in order. (Hear, hear, and lauginSr,* Air. BKAY would say that the House oi Assembly, as well as the Legislative Council, were playing with this yuestion of the representation o the people, aud nobody was playing more with it than the Ministry, by the way in which they had bandied it that day. This was a seriousi question, and though they might say it was too important to be made a party question, although people used that language when they meant that a thing was of no importance at all —(laughter)— in the other colonies Ministries were made and unmaile, on this ijuestion, and unless ihey tackled it boldly they would see the same done here, and the public would say they were cowards, one and all, fur shrinking from doing what waa right simply from the motives of ex pediency put forward by the Treasurer that day. He agreed that these amendments were noc such as could be made under the Constitution Act, and the notice he bad given that day was with tbe view of preventing the necessity for their reject iDg such amendments. In Victoria, although under their Constitution Act they were obliged on what he called main points to reserve Bills for tbe assent of Her Majesty, they had a special clause which did not require them to reserve such Bills as this, and if it were not bo required in our Constitution Act there was no question the Legislative Council would have power to insert such an amendment as this. He would, therefore, move to introduce in tte Bill proposed by the Government, or some cither Bill, a clause which was contained in clause b'l of the Victorian Constitution Act, something to this effect:— 'Notwithstanding anything herein contained, it shall be lawful for the said Legisla ture frcm time to time, by any Act or Acts, to alter the qualification of electors and members of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly respectively, and to establish, new electoral provinces or districts, and from time to time to vary or alter any electoral province or district, and to appoirr, alter, or increase the number of mem bets of the Legislative Houses to be chosen by any electoral province oc district, and to increase the whole number of members of the said Legislative House?,' &c; In Victoria they retained, the powf r within themselves to soy how many members should serve in either House of Parliament. It was absolutely necessary, they woalu all see - in reflection, that such a Bill should be it tained for Her Majesty's assent, aud therefore the; should ask the Imperial Parliament to grant them the same privileges as Victoria. Be admitted that it was not a burning question — they had no burning questions here no* — (Hear, hear)— but he thought they would all live to regret the day' that the Ministry plajed wiih that question m the way in nrnich. they were playing with it now. (Hear, hear.) Mr. JOHN ROUNSEVELL said the leader of the Opposition bad said that this was not a burn ing question, but at tbe same time he thought that it was getting somewhat hot. He hoped mat no attempt would be made to rush the Bill through the House in one day. It was unwise to proceed to such expedition, considering that last time it had met with such disaster. It was better for hon. members to give this matter the full consideration that it deserved, and if the Government insisted On bringing in a measure in the form in which it had last time left the House he was certain that it would not meet the necessities of the country. There was a general alteration of districts neces sary in order to get community of interests. Many were in the same position aa his own, which extended from near Adelaide to near the Murray, and consequently had electors on both sides whose interests were directly opposed. It waibsiter to divide the whole colony into districts in which there would be community of interest, and for the sake of a day or two it was a pity to send up a Bill without that being done. Mr. WHITE did not think there was much in the statement of the Treasurer as to the great necessity for a change of representation in the Korth. and if they had to wait five years longer for a change no harm would be done, as they had tbe members of the House generally in their support, (Hear, hear.) They had lost nothing, and he did not think the people cared much about the matttr; it was only members who cried out, because they found that the journeys from one pollitig-pbce to another in the northern dUtncw were arduous. He thought that no measure should be passed by the House for giving the Council additional members except with a provision at the same time for dividing the colony into districts for the purpose of the Legis lative Council, and put a stop to Adelaide dictating, as was at present the case, to the whole of the colony. Ihe whole power now was in the hands of Ihe people of Adelaide, bcth as to the borrowiug and the expenditure o! the money, an J they passed wfcat laws for the colony they thought proper; and he thought unless seme little power was given to the producers and hard-working people of the country, who were supporting the people of Ade laide, it would not be wtil for the colony. It was raid now that a man had only to appeal tu Mr. Longton or some other memoer of the Exchange and ask to be returned, at the same lime open ing bis pockets— (laughter)-and th»t one of the persons be had referred to badsaii, 'Let me get au open pocket and clothes on a lamp- pest, andi will return him.' (Laughter.) Hon. members laughed, but it wa3 because they knew that what he was Baying was true. Was it right to continue such a state of things, and allow Adelaide to return all these gentlemen? (Cries of 'No.') The t me had come for tbe colony to be divided for the purposes of the election of the Legislative Council into say five or six or seven districts. He believed that the Upper House should have more members than it now had, but if the Attorney-General or Treasurer did not introduce a proviaion for the new districts into the Bill he would not support it. Mr. SMITH thought it would be besc to adopt a conciliatory course, and send back to the Council reasons for disagreeing with their amendments. It might be said that that action had been taken on a previous occasion, but he did not thick that tbe cases were analogous. When they sent back their reasons three new members would have taken their seats, and what the views of those three new niembers would be they did not know. The DEPUTY-SPEAKER said a3 he had given his ruling it would not be competent for the House to go into Committee upon the Bill. Mr. SMITH in that case would suggest that the Bill be dropped altogether. Mr. BKAY asked the Deputy-Speaker if he bad ruled that it was incompetent for the House to disagree with the amendments of the Council. Tt.e DEPUTY-SPEAKfcH had ruled that it waa incompetent for the House to go in:o Committee on the Bill. Mr. SMITH did not think that if the Bill was dropped there would be any hardship experienced liy waiting. He as one member did his utmost for the Korth, and he thought that other members did the same. The census would be taken next jear, and a year hence a Bill could be brought in based upon that. If one were now passed it would n - u have to be altered. Tl e Hon. J. COLTON was exceedmcly sorry that the Government or the Treasurer had shown ihe white feather. The Treasurer had told them that il:ere was a division in the camp upon this particular matter, and he wondered at this, seeing what he had told them on tbe 2nd June last. When Mr. l!ees then drew the attention of the Government to the importance of having in the Bill a prouaicn for increasing the members of the Council, he said it was impossible that that could be done— (Her-r, hear)— and that in that he was at one with hia colicaaues. His colleagues now appeared to be at variance with him on this very point. What the Treasur«r then said was — ' His colleagues were with him in this respect, and he believed the House was with him, but they never could increase the r.umber of members oi the Council without making some provision for reform of the other Chamber.' Kow, simply because the Government found that they could not carry the Bill in the other form, ar.d be had told them what would be its fate, they wished to do what in June they said wis improper to do. He was surprised that the Government were treating this matter in such a light and improper manner. Ths Treasurer not only wished now to introduce what he said waa improper, but withed to rush the measure through in a day. He did not object to the other branch of the Legislature having an increase of members, but he would object to that being given them without a provisk n at the same time dividine the colony into four districts. (Hear, hear.) He would not tupport the Government in this unless that provision were made, and well knew that had he when in the Government done what the Treasurer had row done that hon. members would have sticmatized him a» unfit for hia position, Mr. CAVENAGH hardly understood the position in ?which they now were. It appeared to him that they had sent up a Bill to the Upper House which that House had altered, though the House held that they had no right to do so. and that this was the second time the same action had been taken. He did not think that because the North wanted more representation the Bouse should give war in so important a matter. It waa time that this question was settled once and for alL The TKEASURKK (Hon. C. Mann) in the first place consid*red that, though Mr. Bray had said a question of so much importance should not be made a party one, he had done hti best to make this a party question. He admitted that the extract read from his {speech bv tbe Hoc J. Coltcn was wh3t he had said— in ' fact he would say thai he had refreshed his mind on the point before he came to that House. (Mr. Bray—' You said your colleagues were with you.') He had said so, and that waa correct, but the ciiccnistances had changed. (Hear, hear.) Ha and ris colleagues both thought that the Council wou.'d not insist upon an amendment a3 far as they were themselves concerned, expecting another Bill to be brought in by the Chief Secretary. He had never objected to an increase of the members of the Council ; in fact, thelnumber was now tooJsmalL aivi that House should increase as well aa this, but ?his objection to providing for it in the Bill was that he thought while they refused to allow a change m the Constitution Act they should not te allowed an increase of members. He thought so sail : but, as he had told them, he was trivins up his individual opinion on the matter. He agreed with hon. members that a division of districts ought to be made, but he happened to know that such a proposal would have been ]ost. He had given up his individual opinion in order to get a great boon for the Northern districts, and had he introduced the other question, against which there would be a large majority in tho Council, be would have lost . the Bill. When they had twenty-four members in the Upper Hou&e; there would probably be a settlement cf tie queaticE, as with ths increased number of members the present machinery would break down o' its own weight. The Deputy Speaker was, he thought, in error as to his being able to take the Bill tbrcugh in one day. He would (rive notice on Tuesday for Thursday. He agreed wita Mr. Bray on the point which he had raised. He would ask the House to suspend the Standing Orders for tne purpose on Thursday of passing the Bill through all its stages, because if the Bill was to oe of any use at the next election it must be passed without d-.lay. He did nut know aa to what had been said of tke Ministry that prysically or morally taey »rre cowards. (Mr. Bray— ' Only politicilly.') He thought that he had shown cne of the greitest proofs of pol.tical courage in makiog the state ment lie had that day made to them. He did not know that the Hon. J. Uolion would have done so. As to the Government Laving trifled with this matter, tills on the subject had been introduced by them into both Houses, and they had dons the utmost that they could to fulfil the pledges th;y trave. But it would, he thought, be insulting to the Council to send up a Bill which they knew the Council Wi uld not pass. They should either drop the till or send up Eomethkg that would have a chance of being passtd. The motion was carried. THE FINANCE COMMISSION'S REPORT. Mr. CuOKt, moved— 'That the House resolve itself into a Com mittee of tbe whole for the consideration of the progress report of the Finance Commission trans * mil ted to this House on July ti.' He felt that he laboured under considerable d ffi culty in bringing the matter forward. Financial matters were usually looked upon as dry, and this involved so many important considerations that it was hard to grapple with. Had the reforms suggested in the report referred to the matter would have been important. If after a fair con sideration of the present treatment of the loan accounts had suggested certain methods of con trol it would be an important matter for the House to consider. If they had attain considered tbe manner in which the public a;counU bad been treated in the various ttikes, and arrived at a conclusion that they should be changed from the department of tbe Auditor-General to that of the Treasurer, that would be an important considera tion. If it were considered that the Und accounts had cot been fairly treated in the past, and that they bad been confused, that again would be a separate subject of enquiry. If the manner of audit were to be treateu— any one of these things would be considered of sufficient importance to occupy the attention of the House. But the refoims now recommended to the Hou?e by the Finance Committee took in the whole of these and several other matters, and were, in fact, of so sweeping a kind that he doubted if any member of the House had had so important a question to move at any time in one series of resolutions. It was, therefore, with some diffidence that he entered upon his task, the more so that it was not an immediate issue that he bad to consider, but a matter of future practice. It was not like making a financial speech; but simply bad to refer to matters of principle which ought to have l-een looked into long ago, but which it was not the less important to conbider now. The h'ret part that he had to refer to was that connected with the loan accounts. When loans began to be raised here they were looked upon as things to be regarded very closely. They were on a 6inall scale, only one or two matters at the inostbeing dealt wit.i in that way and before the House. They were therefore easily watched, and a check upon them waa possible. But the number of loan objects that had c.ept in of late years was suih as greatly to ati'ect tbe course of the public expenditure as well as of the public revenue. (Hear, near.) It must be remem bered that results of a highly disastrous kind were liable to be produced if loan expenditure were in cuned to a considerable extent, during one period and then suddenly contracted. In New Zealand a loan policy had been initiated some years luck. when it was proposed to spread the expenditure gradually over a number of years. But ins- ead of that a period of artificial prosperity was brought about for a time by an txtra expenditure, and then when it was no longer possible to keep that up the result had been disastrous. The same thing might happen here. (Htar, hear.) We had loans open to the extent of some millions, and if the Govern ment were to Bpenii the money at an undue rate a period of undoubted prosperity would set in for a time, but in the end what wouid be the result? Why, tbe people employed on the loan works would be destitute, and commercial disasters would spread all over the country. The Commision had devoted consideration as to the want of proper control exercised by Parliament over the loan expenditure. Was it right to lake no notice of the loan expenditure year by year I Orght not the Parliament to exercise thorough control over the salaries of officers paid out of loans ? True, Ministeis were auppossd to look after their subordinates, but the auty of Parlia ment was to look after the Ministers, and fit country bad a liiirn to require that that duty should be discharged. (Hear, hear.) Hon. members knew how carefully the salaries set down in the Estimates weie scrutinized, when smill increases of £10 were struck off frcm the salaries) of clerks, who it might be perhaps id seme casts were not overt aid before, and yet they h:;'i the fact before them that 4.40,000 was speui out ot the Loan Fund with regard i' which expenditure Parliament had had no voice. Returns were from time t6 time called for, but it had not been the practice to state m those returns tbe salaries paid out of loans, in almost every respect the loan accounts {laid before Parliament were deficient. Even the Budget speeches shared the same defect in that iesp«ct. He did not refer to any particular Treasurer! in this matter, but the deficiency on this point applaud to all. Doubtless the Treasurers themselves had not had the materials to go upon. The Budget Bpeeches only dealt with the question of expenditure: under Ioan3 in the most cursory manner. It was quite impossible to trace frcm tbe accounts placed ,before the House what the portion of the Loan 'Fund was. Doubtless improvements had been ejected ia the quarterly statements during the Ixtst two years, but they were still far from what they oudht to be. The balance sheet submitted to the Hou»e was absolutely the worst of ail. Any man of business looking at it would undoubtedly, alter a baref ul perusal, come to a conclusion exactly the reverse of the fact. (Hear, hear.) If the balance-sheet had been deliberately framed to deceive he could only say it bad been successful. Let them taKe the last balance-sheet. What was the apparent amount of the Loan Fund in hand: £745,b75 19*. lOd What was the actual amount.' Why, about a third of that. It was fecatctly credible, but nevertheless a fact, that the Auditor-General's statement actually did not show the receipts ior the bonds sold. The amount per cent, was stated, but no revelation was afforded of the actual amount realizij. The only way of ascertaining that waa by tracing through the accounts of previous year? to see what bad been received. On the other hand, ou some points the most punctilious niiuut';e were observed by the department. For iasianc.!. the Commisaioners had seen in the EnKinei:r-in-Cbief s Office an account for li's. from a blacksmith at Morgan. Suppose the name was Jbnes & Brown. Well. Brown signed the receipt on behalf of tbe firm. Tht.n the account went hack to Morgan with au enquiry from the Audit Office as to what authority Brown had to sigu. Again, an advice was sent requesting that moie care should be exercised in future in similar cases. That was doubtless reason able enough, and a'l very proper; but another note was sent, asking that the account should be pro perly vouched. When he last saw it the document was still in the Engineer's Office, and for all he knew it was BtiU being bandied about between the depart ments concerned. (Laughter.) All this went on about aa item like that, while a million and a half was passed over as not worthy of consideration. (Hear, hear.) If any one attempted to trace ths meaniDg of the balanee-EheetB, they found them to be so mixed up with book entries as to be quite incomprehensible. Suppose a smart constituent were to ask a membtr— ' What is the amount of the loans j ou have in hand at the present time ?' The answer would be— 'I don't know.' Then— '' What did you spend last year ?' 'I cannot tell ; the accounts are not made up.' 'What bonds are sold -' ' I do not know !' ' How much are you going U- spend this year ?' 'Oh, we never know; it is not referred to in the Parliamentary documents.' Then let any able accountant be called in to answer any of those questions, and be must arrive at a totally wrong result on the information before him. There were further doubts in the minds of tbe Commissioners as to the way in which the loans had been applied, and it was difficult to trace whu:her the original in;ett;on in regard to the loans had been carried out. But the matter was one which was exceedingly difficult satisfactorily to trace. The question arose as to what was done when the actual expenditure on a particular work did not tally with the amount voted for it, as must in the natuie of things generally be the case, li a balance was left over, what became of it, or how was any deficiency on a particular work made up.' There had been no resolutions on that particular branch of tbe Commission's enquiry: but the sum mary attached to the report contained information on all those points. He called attention to that because, unless specially referred to, the results of that portion of the enquiry of the Commission would be omitted from discussion. The summary dealt with and contained valuable details as to the extent and prtsent condition of the Loan \- und, the amoun's realized, expended, and in baud, ihe position of the fund as described in the balance-sheet: the extent to which loan funds had been mixed with the revenue: how far the original purposes of the funds had been adhered to; the application of unrequited balances, and so od. Another branch of the evil connected with the accounts waa related to the Land Fund. The Eale of the land must be regarded as the sale of the property of the country, and it must be the duty of Parliament to| see that ths proceeds were cot wasted. (Hear, hear.) But for years past no attempt bad been made to keep the land accounts distinct from the general revenue. Again, the Public Wotks accounts included the cost of esta blishments, of repairs, public buildings, mainten ance of roads, &c.; : while, on the other hand, other larpe works and permanent improvements appeared under the heads of Civil Establishments, Harbours and Jetties, Education and Miscellaneous. Any ore who wanted to get at the facts must go through all the accounts and pick out the items cnebyorje, whereas Parliament oucht to be able to see at a glance the real state of the case. (Hear, hear.) The colony suffered from the present way in which the accounts were stated, beciuae it waa difficult, if not impossible, to disprove injurious statements as to the position of our finances by a ready reference to the facts. With regard to unexpended balances, for instance, the Com missioners found there was a total want of uniformity in the practice followed by various Treasurers. One Treasurer wiped off all votes on which debts had been incurred. Another took an opposite view, and retained votes which were brought forward from year to year from 33 far back as 1S74. Again, when an expenditure was in excess of the vote, it was sometimes made up by excess warrants and sometimes by transfers from one item to another. But that ought not to be done without the cognizance of Parliament. Not only the ioaa accounts, bat the whole of the accounts laid before Parliament, were in such a form that it waa difficult to get at the facts. ^ ot a statement of the cash on hand had been placed befcre Parliament since he had been connected with the House. The balances at the Banks were not shown. But if sr.ch a statement were laid before the head of any commercial house he would say, 'Take it back again and put in full details as to the cash balance.' (Bear, hear.) Having thus shown the evils that had to be dealt witb, he would go through the various steps that had led to the appointment of the Commission. Several spas incoic efforts had been uade from time to time to b-irg atout a reform of the accounts, but without success. In 1S74 tbe Hon. J. Carr moved for a Consolidated Fund, into which all receipts of every kind should be paid, incladinx receipts from loans. That wag dropped. The next year Mr. Blyth brought forward a similar motion, the only difference being that in the first case the Govern ment was requested to bring in the BUI, and in the 1 tter the Chairman of Committees. That was withdrawn on the promise of Mr. Boucaat to look into the matter during the session. A year or more passed without any distinct en'ort at rtfonn ; but when Governor Musgrave was leaving in January, IS77, he brought the matter strongly before their nonce, lie said— 'Hitherto when large sums have been raised for public works, these wurka cave been named m the schedule of the Loan Act, with a lump sum assigned to each, and theie the matter has ended. No specific appropriation in detail of the amounts annaally required for the purposes of the several works has ever been made, and successive Ministries have been left to do what seemed good in their eres. provided that the money was nominally applied to the ontnuai purixite. And I would UKe any member cf the eg slature to a«k himself. whether he had ever been Treasurer or n it, whether he really understands the details of the expenditure of any cf those large suoh which have been raised by loan in the last few years. Now that jou are undertaking yet mure exteusive public works I earnestly recommend jou to put a stop to this at once.'1 In July of the same j ear tbe Hon. L. Glyde asie 1 — 'Whether the Government intend to introduce during tbe Eession a Bill for the establishment ut a Consohda'ed Fund, so as to give Parlianiint n opportunity of considering the detail of the ex penditure of all moneys raised by loan.' Tue hon. membtr for VValiaroo (Mr. Koss) was then Treasurer, and declined to bring in a Bill of fiat kind, but promised to submit to Parliament the details of expenditure by loan. Nothing, however, was done. Towards the end o! the year Mr. Boucaut, being in office, tried to collect iuformi tion trom other colonies as to the com Be pursued by them, and the particulars so obtained were found of value by the Commissioners. Jn 187S the Hon. J. Carr brought forward three motions, but as they involved a constitutional question thty were shelved. Last year Mr. BriRiit brought forward a similar motion in favour of a Consolidated Fund, and the opinion of the Hou?e was that though a Consolidated Fund might be a desirable means of dealing with the difficulty, it was not proved to be the best, as it might lead to disputes and difficulties. In the end it was resolved to refer the matter to a Select Committee or Com mission, and that had now been doae. But the Commissioners took a wider ran^e than that. They bad other impulses, arising from the feeling that the Land Fund ought to be enquired into. Every year he had sought to ascertain the state of the Loan Fund, but matters of that sort ought not to be ltft fur private members to enquire into. (Hear, hear.) The House had seen the balance sheet he had now prepared. Well, he had sub stantially suggested the same thing years ago, only to meet with ciscouaisement from tbe then Treasurer. (Hon. L. G:yde— ' Who was he?') It was the Hon. J. Coltou. He was then told that he was interfering with the Government, and he could only get what he wanted in a fragmentary manner. Even when those poor detached memoranda which were substituted for a proper and full statement were laid upon the table of the House they were accompanied by the remark from the Treasurer, 'Much good may they do him.' (Laughttr.) It was a bad joke, but being better verhaps than the hou. gentleman was in the habit of making, the House of course laughed. (Renewed laughter.) Some improvement had, however, taken place, and the Commis sioners had Rreat hopes that tneir sugges tions for further reform would be eflected. Another impulse that was givtu to the formation of this Commission was with regard to the system of audit. Is was felt that the present system of audit was not wise. The hon. member for Wal laroo (Mr. Ross) was the leader in that impulse. He had consulted with Mr. Ross as to whether a Select Committee should be formed to carry out the ideas advocated by Mr. Bright, ami u so the reform of the accounts. Mr. Ross sut-fjjttsd that it would be better to include the question of auditing in the general subject as well, acd on speaking to the present Treasurer that hon. gentleman thought that it would be bjtter to go into the whole question by means of a Commission. Accordingly a Com mission was formed ; and he had no hesitation in saying that it was a wise suggestion on the part of the Treasurer that it should be a Comniibaiau, aud that it would have been absolutsly impossible to go into the whole question as it had been gone into by a Select Committee, or by any other means than by the appointment of a Commission. With regard to the action of the Commission, he sap posed that, in order that tbe House might ap pteciate tLe value ol the work done, it was almost necessary for him to jfive some idea of the pro cedure of the Commission. He would therefore inform hon. members that at the outset it had been thought advisable to lay down a form upon which the Commission were to act, and he had been therefore itquestedto draw upa memorandu'n of the various objects of the Commission, and of the method the Commission should adopt. At the same time the papers that had been obtained by Mr. Boucaut in 1877 were procured for the use of the Commission, and a portion of them were printed. It was thought advisable to bring the information up to a later date than these papers did, aud therefore a portion of them were printed and sent round to each of the other colonies, together with a copy of the memorandum prepared for the use of tbe Com misHon. and with the request that the Ministers of other colonies would assist the Commission on the various pcints referred to in these suggestions, and also that they would give the Commission any further information that would assist them in their enquiry. About the same time the Commission commenced the examination of the various papers that had been laid on the table of the blouse, and collected together ail those bearing upon this subject. They then examined various Government officers : and he must say that, with one exception, the information that they derived from these Government officers was most valuable, and was most readily Riven. He said with one exception, for it would not be true— it would not be fair to the other officers— if he did not refer to the obstacles that weie thrown m the way of the Commission by one of the members of the service, to whom they ousht to have looked for the greatest amount of assistance of alt (Mr. Smith—' Who was that?'') He referred to the Auditor-General. From the very first that officer seemed to lay himself out to avoid almost every question that was asked, or to put the answers in such a way as to afford as little information as possible. (Sir. Coglin — 'Hear, hear.') He would give ooe illustration of this. He had been trying for some time to get a direct answer to a certain question. If hon. members would look at the report of the first day's pro ceedinas they would see that every tune that be had feemed to be getting tbe Auditoi-Geueral into such a position tint a Cireit answer must be given, that officer in some ?way or other wriagled out of it. Mr. Hob3 passed a slip of paper to him, asking him to let him have a try. He was quite wi.liug; and the hon. meimer was determined that lit would find out whether a proper book was kept in which the votes were entered in connection with the loan expenditure and the general expenditure. Here waa some of the evidence: — 'Do you keep a vote charge-book in couneclion with loan expenditure? Ll^ookinz as innocently up as possible, the Auditor-General replied]— I do not really undereUnd you.— Do you keep a vote charge-book in connection with seneial eipecditure! Oh. jes; certainly.— Do you keep a vote charge-book in connection with loan expenditure? Merely a running account ? That is not the question. Do you keep a vote charge-book in connection with loan expenditure? In this sense, that they do not exceed tbe whole provision.— Do you keep a vote charge-book in con nection ' with the whole expenditure? Will you kindly not argue the qutstions, but Bimply answer a distinct question? I am not able to answer jour question; I do not understand it.— Do you know what a vote charge-book is? 1 do not Sbow what you call it: we call it a record-book. and in it we keep a record of expenditure. The personal account is placed in funds in the way I have just explained by a transfer fiom the loan, and of course we keep a record of the expenditure as rendered to us.— Do you mean to say that you do not keep a vote charge-booK in connection wi:h the general expenditure? I Bay we do keep such a book in connection with the general expenditure.— Then you know what a vote charge-book is ? Yes. — To you keep a vote charge-book in connection with loan expenditure? There can be no such thing.— Are ytu aware that the estimates con nected with public works are all put down under various heads! Ye?.— And are not accounts kept under tiiose different heads'' Yes.— How do you keep them unless in a vote charge-book? I dis tinctly stated that we keep one with regard to general expenditure, and vou ask me if we keep a similar record with regard to loans. I want to say 'Yes' qualifiedly; but if lousaylamnottoexpkin when I do not understand you. I will say no. The thing is cot applicable.' (5Ir. Coglin— 'That's a legal reply.') In the report the Commission had brought up, and also in the 'summary of the result of investigation, it would bs seen that there ?was cne part devoted to the statement of facts, which he did not ?o into now, as there was nothing dependent upon them, except that they afforded information to hon. members. There was also a portion devoted to the opinions and direct recom mendations of the Commission, which was the only portion lie would go into. He was aware that this enquiry wes rather dry: it was not the kind of literature which, they wVre told by one of the mornireparers, would relieve the monotony of a s:ck-bed. It was not intended for a sick-be-5, bat for a stron? man to dipest, for a strong intellect and a sound heart (Sir. Coizlin— 'Hear, hear.') It was intended for those who desired to take action and to really produce reforms, fn referring to the reul's of this enquiry, he roust express hia grati tude to the other members of the Commission for the manner in which they had assisted him thrcuahout, and his pleasure at the unanimity that had prevailed in all the results they hai arrived at It was not to be supposed that there had not been differences of opinion, but of the results they brought forward, both in the summary of results scd in the resolutions themselves, there had been no two opinions. These had been asreed to unanimously by every member of the Coin miBsicn. He was not eoiDg so far as to Bay that no alterations at all were made, but there was only cne alteration msde involvine any principle, and that was one in reference to which he had previously announced he did not hold a strong opinion. The only matter that involved acy principle which was altered was as to whether the recommendations jn connection with the Loan Estimates should be incorporated with on Appropriation Bill or not. That he would refer to presently. He thoueht it right, however, that he should mention the fact at that stage, as it might be thought strange that tbe Commission should meet on eisut different occa sions, and that there should be no alteration what ever. But in every other case no alterations ware made, although suggestions were put forward, and in every case these suggestions accorded with his views, and with the views of the Commission. There fore he thought that it misht be taken for grantel that every point that was laid before the House had been thoroughly discussed; and that fact ousht to have Fome weicht. (Hear, hear.) He came to the question of the remedy for these evils. Hon. members knew thas the expenditore out of our Loan Fund was more than a million every year, and that salaiies to the extent of over .£iQ.(K!fl were also spent every year. Tbe House had a right to know shout and to judge of the method of this expen diture. The first care that the Commission had was to ascertain what kind of estimates it would be pessibie to prepare and lay on the table of the Hcuje. Of cenrse. the first witness wa3 the Auditor-General, but the Commisaioa soon found that that officer raised such obstacles in the way that it would be better to dispense with his evidence and get evidence from others, becanse that officer said. from the first, *' Yon can't set it: but it wxmt do you any -rood.' He said tmhesitatingTr th»t the House bad a risht to go into these matters, aad he had to sav to tbe Auditor General that it was' not for that officer to tell the Commission that this could not be done. The Commission were there to do it, and it was only for the Auditor-General to give them ths information they desired. The Comnissioa hal then called in Mr. Mais and Mr. G irdiuer, and asked those officers whether they coul 1 cive infor mation as to the expenditure in their various departments. These officers said at once, *' Yes. ' They could not give all the details, such as the quantities of Blone. ol wood, of ironwork, ami tbe wages that wouid be required for every work, but they could give the probable amount that wouid be spent upon each public work. Ther sai i also thut they would be willing at the beginning of e.icii year to prepare such a statement. The ComruU Bion next asked them about ealanss, and the reply at once was, ' We know ths nuaitser of efficers employed in our departments; we kno* when we estimate any work the kind of services which are required, and comparing these wivi the number of (fibers employed, we cm say whether one is a sufficient esthnUe for the other.' These officers could lay two parallel statements befoie the House— the one Bhowing the number of officers employed. JUlfl^jL. other the work to be done— ani thus arjSBHps of the cost touid be given, although the deulpi of the work were wanting. Xi;at was lha sort' of i information the House wanted. Tbe House could not expect at ttie beginning of the year to know all the details to which he had referred -the timie.V the etone.and the ironwork, Ac. of each contniKjj but hon. members did want tu know the P4tfflfl[ amount that wouid De speat on each ccntractTJTCJB* each public work, and what wapes would bs spent in superintendence, and how this was to be em ployed. The officers of the other departments saw no d'tnculty in preparing these statements. As an immediate test, the CommisMon asked these ifficers to collect together details of thU kind, and the Commission had compiled these into one return, Bhowing. in the firat column the to**l amount to be expended on each work without salaries, then with the ealstries added, and then the tots'L. and in a similar way showing the lists of salaries paid out of loins throughout the whole of tbe Oovernmi'Dt- departments. Having got parti culars of this kind, which the Commission felt were in a form according with the intention of the House, their next care was to see what practic 1 use theBe would be afterwards. It was quite clear it would be of no use for them to consider the Esti mates in the beginning of the year unless after the end of the year they were enabled to see how the expecditure had actually been carried our, and in what lines more money had been spent than had been estimated, in what lines less had been spent than estimated, what Wds expended and what was unexpended, and to compare salaries paid with Balanes estimated. If they could do that then, they thought, t!,ey could put these particulars to some practical use. They had found not the slightest difficulty in doing something of that kind. It was easy to draw out tables showing at a glance the total actual outlay with the total estimate of outlay, the Ralaries actually paid, and the salaries estimated on cacti work at the end of the year. So that with those tables they would be in a position to draw up a statement of excesses, and a statement of the amounts that had not been spent, and the operation of the House would be simply to consider whether these excesses had been justified. Ab a matter of course these excesses would be passed, but still it would give the House an opportunity of conEiderinctbern, ani of seeing what amount of excess votes it micht be probable would occurin the next jear. Another necessity they found in connection with this was that they must have a pn per bala'-ce-shret. (Hear, hear.) He bad already printed out that tbe loan accounts were not presented in any proper shape, but a balance-Bheet - f loans had been prepared, and had been appended to the report on page 2). That also would, he thought, be found to contain exactly the information which the House would graBp at once without difficulty, and the information it, wanted. It started with tbe net amount of bonds sold at the beginning of the year on the one 6ide, and o' the expenditure from Loan Funds on the other ; then on the cne side the proceeds from bonds sold, and on the other the balance due to the Treasurer. Certaiuly hon. members would not have to hunt over from thirty to forty pages of the Auditor General's report in the hopes of finding out what amount bonds had realized, and then have to give it up cs a bad job. The subsequent proceedings of Parliament then would assume something of this shape. He had described the kind of accounts that would be presented. When these were read the Treasurer would have before him such a statement as be could speak from most readily, and in h's Budget Speech tbe Treasurer would be able in Com mittee of Supply to give without any difficulty an explanation of the balance oi the Loin Fund in hand, the estimated expenditure for the jear. arid the intention of the Govern mert with regard to the issue of bonds. Wi;h Hub balance-sheet also before him, t-e Treasurer would be able to make a full and com plete revelation of the past year. Then it was pro posed that the Committee should proceed t-j the consideration of the Loan Estimates, which woull pive them an opportunity of saying whether or not it was right to spend as much money as bad been put down on each item during the year, or whether some of the works should be pushed on even at a greater rate of expenditure. It vo-jld give the House a power which they had not before possessed in this matter of expressing an opinion upon it. It had before Ueen left simply to chance at any time of the y?ar. but there had never been a fystematic consideration at the beginning of the year. The House also, after this sys em had been in operation for one year, would be in a position to make a comparison with the past year, and to pass the excess votes. It would be seen that the Com mission did not recomrcend a Consolidated Fund. They had come to the conclusion that it would be inadvisable to adopt it, that it was far better, in stead of throwing the whole of the loans as well as the ordinary revenue into one account, to keep these accounts entirely dis tinct. He waB quite aware that in Eng land the whole was in one account, but there was no analogy between the two countries. In England the loans were not incurred for particular public works which could be set apart as assets ajrainst the loan, but generally for war purposes, which came out of the [general revenue and must neces sarily go into the revenue account Here it was equally necessary that they should do the reverse, for they ouptlit to be able to 6how the public creditor at any time that they had sufficient assets to represent the loans borrowed nrA those that it was desired to borrow. The necessity for this was still more manifest when they considered the fact that in England h ans were raised upon that country's own credit, whereas this colony was oblijred to po into the English market to raise loans. Another reason why the Commission thought that it was undesirable to establish a Consolidated Fund was that immediately any such attempt was made the Constitutional question crept in. The terms of that difficulty would be that tbey were not permitted to spend any money out of the Consolidated Loan Fund without an Appropriation Act At present thev could do so upon a Loan Bill, which was sufficient justification in itself for the expenditure, and the House had cot to co to the Legislative Council to ask the con sent of thatChamber before they could spend money out of the Loan Fucd. Other questions connected wiih tbe Constitutional difficulty would occur to hot), niembeis, but he did not think that he need refer to them. It must be evident that if they at tempted to reform the method of procedure by establishing a Consolidated Fun-l they would get into endless discussion, out of which' they would cot get for many years. Look at the measures of reform they had been thinkimr of for some years past, and upon which they could come to no conclu sion. There was no necessity to pin the proper regulation of the funds to the question of Constitu tional reform. The Loan Acts were in themselves Appropriation Acts, and why should they call upon the Legislative Council to do twice that which they had done once ? He was aware that the hon. mem ber for Victoria (Mr. (Jlyde) was at one time rather in doubt as to whether it would be advisable to have this work done by the House of Assembly alone. He thought that there would be the danger of the LegiBlative Council being annoyed with it and becoming obstructive. He would remind the hop. member that they did the same in Victoria, snd that by Act of Parliament these matters were discussed only in the House of Assembly; and would further remind the hon. member that there could lie no doubt about a Loan Act being in itself an appropriation. If the hon. member referred to page 14 of the Summary he would see the text of one of the Loan Acts, and where it was made into an Appropriation Act : — 'All sums of money raised and received by the Treasurer upon the security of the ssjdbonda shall be carried bv him to separate and distinct accounts and shall be applied to the Beveral purpose Bet forth in the schedule hereto, and to the extent therein set forth, and shall be so applied by the Treasurer in such amounts and manner as the Governor, by any warrant under his hand, countersigned by the Chief Secretary, may from time to time authorize and direct.' That was, in every sense, an appropriation, and if they passed an Appropriation Act they could not do it more effectually than by those words. In their ordinary expecditure they passed tbe details first, and after wards included them in an Appropriation Act, and that was sent up to the Legislative Council for their consideration. We had to reverse the process here. The Appropriation Act . came first, and they had to discuss the details afterwards. There was this also to he said rather in favour of their rot giving the Legislative Council a second looking into the matter, that already in the case of most Loan Acts that Chamber had bad two opportunities instead of one cf locking irto it If a Railway Bill was brought before the House tbe Legislative Council had an opportunity rf seeing it under the head of Kailway Bill, and afterwards when the charges were being incurred that Chamber had a second opportunity ofseeiDgit. Was it necessary, therefor?, to give them a third opportunity after the House had passed the individual Estimates for the year, when the Council bad already authorized them to spend the money ? Was it not for the House to settle the details for the individual year? They would have already settled the whoie of the details in the Loan Act itfe'f. He had mentioned that there had been only one alteration involving a principle made in the whole of the dincussion. That was on this point He had at first been willing to pot this in an Appropriation Act for the saie of bringinz about a rejialar method of procedure throughout, but had looked upon it that it would be simply and purely formal, as the Legislative Council, having already agreed to the whole, could not withdraw their agreement and even if tbey threw the Act out tbe House would still have the power to spend the whole of the money. I/, for example, the House said that they would spend a million of money this jear on a railway wnich had been passed and wonld cost three millions, and the Legislative Council said thev should not, tbe Hcuss could reply that that Chamber had already given them power to spend three millions and that they wouid spend what amount they chose cf it Another view taken of the matter was that if this were pat into an Appropriation Act at all it ought not to be looked upon as a formal matter, ani that there might be dangers in doing so. In representing his views to the Commission in the first instance he had told them that he looked upon it as- a formal matter, bat afterwards he said that lie would rather withdraw it than ran any risk oa the other part of the Question. Every member ot the Com misEion agreed on all the other points, aad, there fore, he thought that it would be better to with draw that one point seeing that they had actually carried out all the work tbey wished to carry out, and he believed as effectually as by an Appropria tion Act He thought that it was better on ths wtole that no possible Constitutional Question should Ve raised, but that the Commission should enter npon the matter on the principles laid down in the resolutions. Kow, with regard to the Land Fund, it was also necessary that there should be given full information to the House, and the Commission had given some amount of conrdera tion as to the way in which this should be done. At one time all these accounts used to be kept in entirely separate funds, and the Immigration account used to be carried over in a separate statement, tndkept as a Trust Fund. ThU led to a muddle and confusion through which it was difficult to trace the funds. All the balances that were supposed to be valued as assets were nothing of the kind, and it was found de sirable at last to sweep them away. They were swept away, but adopted a still worse plan. If. formerly, soo much subdivision had existed, under the present plan there was too little. He would have no objection to keep the Land Fund separate from the Consolidated Fund if it were not for com plications, but he thought that the whole thing could be managed equally well without any complications at all by having separate funds, so that it could be sesn at once what amounts had been expended every year. The I (lUettion very often had been raised, what is tne Land Fund! Some said timpiy the anouot received from the proceeds of land alienated; others said the proceeds and the interest ai WcIL It was not his intention to go into toe question thcrougbly, but he would rather give preference to the view that interest was available to a certain extent for the use of the General Keveoue. That view was this. Immediately the land was taken possession of the Government expenditure upon it beg^n btfore the new part of tbe colony became seif-fupportmit. Now who was to pay for the erection of courthouses snd poat-otfiseS; the carriage of mails, ded police ? In each particular district opened there was an accumulation of interest upon the land. Every new district opened would be a burden to the community unless there was some means of meeting these costs, and he considered that the interest received on the sale of that land before the land itself was alienated was applicable to a certain extent to meet the ex penses of the case. If the co6ta of all this special work could be separated it would be t-aty to charge a fair amount against tbe interest, but they could not get to know what tbe cost was of opening a new district, and therefore the only thing they could do was to charge to tbe Land Fond the money received fcr all land alienated and a portion receivtd for interest, so that tbe money Ehould be spent on permanent improvements, and the remaining part of the interest it was only fair f hould go to meet the special cost of opening up the new districts. Then came the further question —How the Land Fund was to be spent I He sup posed those who took tbe most stringent view of the question would admit that primary surveys should form part of the expenditure, that popula tion was to be looked upon as wealth, and that, therefore, immigration was a proper charge against the fund, that redemption and interest on bonds was a fair charge, and public works so far as they represented the extension of the colonial wealth. Then caine the difficult question— How were they to distinguish what were the public works which added to the wealth cf the colony ? It had been liioted, and even lately in the newspapers, that returns had been prepared for the express purpose of proving that tbe Land Fund had been properly appropriated. If the reference was to returns prepared by Mr. Sheppard, the Umler Treasurer, he believed those returns had been honestly prepared, with the view of showing what the real permanent improvements were. When Mr. Sheppard came before the Commission he put him through a most searching examination as to this, and made him answer item by item why he charged it to the Land Fund. He admitted that for some his reasons were not conclusive, but for others they showed that he had not charged enough, and he believed the total would not differ very gieatly from that which he had laid down. But the plan which was prepared now waa thio, Tbey would not leave it to Mr. Sheppard or any one else in future to determine what items should be charged against the Land Fund. They proposed that : when the Com mission met again to challenge every item of the year just finished, and get Mr. Sheppard to supply them with particular*, and then they would propose to lay down rules, leaving it ont of his power to dt termine what Items should or should not be charged to the Land Fund. This question ha4 been dis-.ussert many years, and if they were able at last to lay the ghost it would be something well done. Of late they bsul cot heard so much of the misappropriation of the Land Fund, He hid no doubt that it was done in times past but the result of stirring up the matter constantly had prevented it, and from the four complete annual statements which had lately been made he did not think any misappropriation had taken place at all. He hardly thought however, that they would find the matter quite so clear with regard to last year as the year before. There was one large branch of the subject which he felt altogether a disinclination to eo into at all — he referred to the unexpended balances. (Hear, hear.) It was a troublesome subject to make suffi ciently interesting to prevent member* getting listless or going to sleep, and yet thev had to deal with it AY hat was meant by unexpended balance* ? It was certainly a vacue term, and he remem bered one of the present Ministry savins; he looked upon unexpended balances as money that he had in his pocket In Canada they simply used the term '?Less than estimate.' Now, was an esti mate intended for the year only, or was it an absolute authority for the expenditure of money at any time? It was difficult to say. Some said one thing, some another; and it was strange that parlies who maintained that an estimate wa3 an absolute authority for expenditure at any time overlooked the conclusion which that must lead to — that if it were an absolute authority and the amount was not expended in the one year, then it should be found not only in the Estimates of that year but of the next year also, and eo on; and yet those parties spoke of it as an actual liability, although they themselves referred to it as an estimate to be provided out of future years, and that the funds must come from the same direction. He did not think he would go into the details of this question. (Mr. Coglin — ' Oh, yes.'') Well, as it seemed to be the wish of the House, he would go a little further. He would mention the method the Commission adopted to get at a fair conclusion. They collated the prac tices of all the Australian Colonies, CanaiC and Great Jlritain, and examined them. They found that the plan adopted was constantly shifting according to the tendency of the Ministry an-l the Parliament in each place; that at one time in one colony it was the tendency of the Ministry to keep all votes and make use of them as long as they po9 Riblv could ; that at another it was the tenrteucy of Parliament to take that power away frorn them, and so in Victoria they found a rather lax plan was adopted, then it bscame moat rigid: and if the late Ministry had con tinued in office they would .have rrttde it more lax again. In New South Wales the tendency was to become more lax, in New Zealand to become more rigid. It was just as the party prevailed that wanted to keep these votes open or the pirty that wished to have a thorough annual overhaul in every respect They were told that if thsy cut oft the unexpended balances th?re would be a rush at the end of the year to get the work done. That idea certainly deserved some countenance from the very bad practice which outlined in India, where the tendency of the Council was to get the money spent whether they required it or not beciuss there was a chance of their losing the votes. No doubt the same thing might be done here if there were no safety-valve, but by fhe rjlan proposed there would be. It was also siid that if the unex pended balances were cut oil the Government woulj not know what to turn to letween the expiration of the financial year ani the time when the new Estirrates were passed. There had been the same difficulty raised in New Zealand, and it had been dealt with there by the Government being given authority fo.- the first, three months of the next year to continue to spend the moaev as if it had been voted that year, on the distinct understanding that it shouM be voted afterwards; and the Commission thought after consideration, that that plan would get rid of the difficulty to a greater extent than any ot'ier. It Vas pointed oat to them by the Assistant Auditor- General that to carry out their idea about unexpended balances strictly, they ousht either to wipe them oil cirn pletely at tbe end of the year or else bring them before the House and have them revoted. He concurred with that idea, but another plan waa proposed which it appeared to him would answer the same purpose. They propose! to absolutely wipe off the unexpended balances at the end of the year, and yet to give the Jlinistry the opport'initv of going on as if they bad not been wiped oil', trusting to Parliament to cover them in the next Estimates: and it was evident that if they incurre.l expenditure under such circumstances Parliament would be bound to carry them through. There hs 1 been exception taken to the resolution in the report with reference to the Supply Bill. It was said that the term, 'if the Estimates be delayed,' was a vague cne, and that it was objectionable to deal with specialities in a Supply Bill. In the discus sions which took place on this matter it was pro posed to alter the New Zealand plan from three to six mouths, and he agreed to it. Aa it stood originally, being limited to three months, it was necessary to make some provision in case the Esti mates were delayed, and therefore that clause was put in— that if the Estimates should be delayed, special power should be taken, if necas sarv, in a Supply Bill. He must confess that as the term had been extended to six months, the paragraph might have been left out, hut -dill it rliJ no harm. It waa possible that the Estimates mipht 1 e delayed beyond six mo-jths, but it w« not at all likely. It hail been urge! that, although it was necessary to have an annual control over the expenditure, when the authority for a certain work had been given it was unnecessary to have to renew that authority; that when a mm was once voted for a public work, and was in fact the only Parliamentary authority for it, it was hardly fa r that ace'dent ahoulii cause it to lapse. There was a great deal of force in that, but at the tame time it wan a question whether in crivinar authority on the Estimates, it was intended to be a perm-merit authority. He did not see that passing the amount on the intimates was bo much giving the Govern ment authority for the construction of a particular work, as Bavins that they expected it would be required in that year. It might turn out that it was not wanted, and he saw no reason why the Estimates should cot in every case be made perfect in themselves aEd represent the exact amount to be scent during the year Besides, Estimates were often parsed cursorily; it was taken for granted that the Ministry were convinced of their necessity, and it was therefore certainly advisable that the items ehould be renewed every year. If the Estimates were good they woull be confirmed as a matter of course; if they were bad they ought to be rejected. He was aware that with a change of Ministry some of these items might be struck off as a Hiatter of course, but i; might be that the Ministry had changed because the former one vas too extiavagant, and then it behoved Parliament to see that the extravagance was not continued. la the case of larga buildings it was taid the theory was that ou: of the revenue for a given year they could spare £5,0C0, which should be handed to a separate fund or revoted as a matter of course ? But the theory was wrong. Certainly last year they m'cht have ailortied to vote that amount but this year there might bs no funds for it. It could not be right that the Government sbould spend the amount then, and therefore the vote only showed that the amount was that which was estimated to be required, and it should We re voUdat the end of the year. There was only one other matter connected with the unexpended t-alance3 which he would refer to, and that was put by ihe Register with a greit deal of force. They .'aid in voting the Esti mates it was arpued that the Land Fund to likely to amount to so mu-h, aad we proposed to speed so much in permanent imp-ovemsnts, and that if the votes lapsed at the end of the year they virtually included this amount which was left a second time, and so made it a charge againet the Land Fund twice over. There waa a great deal of force in that view, bat the couatry had never yet been told what was going to be spent out of the Land Fund. He hoped the time would come when they would be told. Bat he conld inform the Bou*e that the estimates of permanent works during the last five years had been in excess of the whole of the amount received both from the sale of land and interest. This left a marjrjn for tone amounts to have been voted twice over, bat he could imagine teat the ri^ht way of potties it iu something like thia. He would imagine that the Treasurer informed tbe House that the proceeds from land during tbe year were expected to be £300,000, and that the interest to come in on land sales was iSW.OuO. Of this half would be available for opening op Dew country, and the other naif for permanent improvement*. That made a total of x 400,000 to be dealt with. From that the cost of sutvey, immigration, and re demption of bonds lhad to be taken out, wnich he would put down at £l&U;,O0a Ttui left .£250.008 to be spent in permanent improvement*. There waa £125,000 of uuexpended balances fur peimanent improvements urouittit down to add to the larger amount, and so they would have a total of another 4100,003 to deal witb more than they actually expected to spend. That would leave a margin to deal with it the unexpended balances d-d cot. That would pat tbe Land Kond on a proper footing, and they would not be voting twice over the amount which was left unexpended. He con sidered it waa their duty to go thoroughly into this qutstion, and not to allow these balances to be taken liar granted, and to go on for four or five jean, and that then the Govern ment should exercise the authority * given two Parliaments ago. It was their duty to challenge all these items on the Estimates which had not been acted upon, so that they might come to a conclusion as to the whole amount required for each particular year. He now pasaed to transfer warrant*. About theae he would only say that he thought it was a pity they had not been revealed to Parliament before, and it would be necessary to come to a resolution that in future they should be laid before Parliament. There was another great reform— the question of account aod audit Wn the Auditor-GeneralalK) Accountant-General! We stood alone in the fact that we employed the Auditor-General to make up our ac ounta, and then audit them afterwards. liy thii he did not Iojk upon the accounts as being audited at alL It waa true that the Auditor-General before ah account was passed looked into it, but be did so as Accoun tant-General. If anything was wrong he was a party to it, and therefore there was really no audit of it. He could not help thinking tbat if the plan had been adopted of watting till the accounts were passed before auditing them that they would never nave heard of tbe Booth by investigation. Any one finding out that there was no chance of an account being stopped under ordinary circumstances' was led to pass an account which otherwise would be looked at two or three times over. Tbe Commis sion had evidence that the present plan led to a certain amount of negligence, because officers looked upon the enus of error as being thrown upon the Auditor-General instead of on the parties tliemselyes. This question had been gone into very seriously in LJueensland. There the Accouo tant-General was Auditor-General and theie was the system o! audit before payment, and it was found necessary to sweep it away and inaugurate another. A Commission was ap pointed in 1H73 to co into this matter. The Auditor-General was Chairman. Of course he thought it would be well for him to be conservative in his ideas, and that it would be advisable to oppose a change altogether, and that no one could keep accounts but himself. Perhaps there might be some analogy in this colony; but he was overruled, and the conclusion come to that reform shou'd be carried out The Auditor General felt very strongly on the point, and resigned his position on the Commit sion, but the other Commisaioners proceeded by themselves and drew up another report The first paragraph of the recommendation was:— 'That the Auditor-Generil be relieved of the duty and responsibility of keeping the detailed portion of the public accounts of ths colony; and that ia lieu of tbe account of the receipt and expenditure now prepared annually in the Audit Office, and sub mitted to Parliament, the annual account em bracing a full statement of receipts and public ex penditure, the latter classified under the same division and heading aa shall have b;en used in the appropriation thereof, be compiled in the Treasury as booh after the close of the financial year as practicable, and transmitted to the Auditor General, to l-e by him examined and for warded with his report to Parliament' Other re commendations followed. The objection taken to this was that it would duplicate the accounts and cause unnecessary expense. They were also told here that if they separated the oliices it would lead to additional expense. Knowing that the same course had been adopted in ^'neensland, they wrote to Queensland to atk what the ex perience theie of the working of ihe new system was, and the report containing thew re commeudations bad been forwarded. The Under secretary of Queensland in a letter had stated nhat had been the result of the recommended change in system after a trial of some years. He said :— 'This report was adopted by the Assembly, ar-d its recommendation!! acted upon, and in it will be found the general principles upon which the public business of this colony is now conducted. The report, in fact formed the oasis of the amended Audit Act passed in tbe following year, under which the system of departmental respon sibility and auiit alter paymeut were formally established. That system has now been in opera tion for some years, and has been found to work. upon the whole, remarkably wclL Under it tbe clerical work of the Government has been reduced to a minimum.' They could not hive a better precedent than that It was exactly the sama system that they wished to bring about, and it was said that the change tad reduced the clerical work of keeping the accounts to a minimum. (Hear, hear.) It would be the duty of every official who took a leading position in the matter of accounts to go round to offices and see the system of accounts and how tbey dovetailed into his own, and cut off all that were duplicated. The Auditor- General would then be able to audit the accounts in a manner in which they ought to be audited. These considerations had made them very favourable to the change. During the time of the Sydney Exhibition, he had gone on a visit to the neighbouring colonies, and had then had con versations with several person!, amongst others with Mr. Ager, the Under-Treasurcr, a gentleman who had had great experience as a tank Inspector, and was afterwards a memlier of tbe Ministry. He said the first thing to be done was to separate the office of Auditor-General from that of the Accoun tant-GeneraL He had seen him on several occa sions, and had called at his ollice twice, and his last words to him were, 'Do not forget what I say, and urge upon the Commission the necessity Ifot this change.' Simply on that dictum the Com mission would not have a. ted ; but looking at the whole Bubject they had come to the conclusion that that wa3 the proper course to take, and he h»d consequently recommended it. In the last of the resolutions would be found a number of suggestions to carry this into ell'cct, and he thought that would le found to be the ruo-t valu ibie part of the labours of the Commission. There was some work that had yet to be completed. They intended to have a comparative statement of the loan expenditure drawn out, and a'so the actual results, and com pare the two and Bee how the plan suggested would work. They intended to net a complete tabulir statement cf loans brought up, and further to obtain information as to the balances which wo'.ilil not he required, with a view of having them carried to the use of oilier works. They a'so intended to pxamine into the loan a.-enunts with a view of framirK regulations for the future. They also de termined to go more closely iHto t lie ijuestion of payment- whether by an eiUwled system of imprfEt, or any otlitr system. They would also look into the question of the nature of the audit of outside ofiices. infomi:»tii)ii bad been collected for that, and that was in preparation now. He waa sure that the Deputy-Speaker would agree aa to tbe advisability of something being done then as he had moved in a similar direction himself in connection with District Council*. They neU im posed to look into the headings of the various accounts and see whether these might not be improved. These were minor matters, but the reforms to be effected were of a moot extensive kind. 7 hey went into the Questions of payment of proportions of accounts in the offices, the manner in which the accounts were prepared for Parlia ment, and considered in tbe House with a view of brincins about a different state of things altonelher to what now obtained. He trusted that the Houss' would take the recmniuendatioiiK of the Com mission, and pivo their approval to the reformn ia such a way that they would be carried thoroughly into effect Tbey had often heard that Com missions' work rarely had any ustful result but he trusted that it would not be so iu thi« case. (Hear, hear.) He hoped that the recommendations would not simply remain on paper, but be acted upon, ai the result would be one of the peatest reforms that had ever been carried out iu that House. He would now move the motion. The Hon. L. GLYDE paid ai tho hon. member had made a lone speech on the motion for ROin? into Committee instead of in Committep, he would liketo askthe Deputy-Speaker if it would be compe tent for mem ben, supposing the House to go into Committee on the subject to refer in Committee to what the hnn. member lial said in the Houne. The DKPyiy-SPEAKBB said he had intima tion that this would he raised, and had looked np the point. The rule was tlmt in Committee rnemltrs mi^ht refer to what had been said on a resolution or a Bill, but in the House members might not refer to what had been done in Com mittee, as they could not be supposed to know what had been done in Committee until tbe Com mittee had reported. The Hon. L. GLYDE would then move tbat tbe debate I* adjourned. The motion was spreed to, and the debate adjourned till Tuesday next. DfSTIMOT COUIJT.H KILL. The report was acreed to, ami the third reading fixed for Tuesday next PUBLIC TKUSTKE BILL. Consilient: ion of icpor; of Committee of the whole Huusr. Mr. KKICHAUFF 'was srirprised that this Bill should have pot out of Committee in his absence on a previous day, and asked the Attorney-General whether on a point which he had suggested, aod which the Attorney-General had promised to enquire aiout, a claiise nucht to be introduce'!. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL (lion. W. H Bundej) would have been wanting in his duty if toe had not maJe the enquiry he had promised to make. That he had uooe, aod the draftsman did not fiick the clause necessary The rer ort wag aereud to. and the third reaJinK of tbe Bill filed for Tuesday neit. LICENSED VICTUALLERS BILL. Adjourned debate on tbe second reading. Mr. JOHN liOUNSEVELL would support tbe Government, and thought the thanks of the House due to them for having sought to consolidate this law in the way they had done, though of course it was not to bs expected tbat the most perfect Bill would please both extreme parties. He agreed with llr. Colton in much that he proposed. Arnorgst the subjects on which he agreed with him he would include his views on the inebriate clause, wineshops, bi!lii/'l-rcx.i:n', tbe openin* of new houEtR, the desirability of preventing sinjrie women frrrn keepin? piiiiNi-hmwn, the appoint ment fif more Inspectors, and lHei«»;i:nsof penjitd. He did not think, in the cat -e of the tc-rnrts biing agreed to, that the Government ehoul'l make a charge of fa., as that Kernel paltry. He agreed with the hnn. rnernlicr in ail his remarks in rtparr] to the a-'hil'.erati'in of liouort and wines in this colony, and bslieved be would have Fpnken much more pUv.nlr on the 'iUfs'ion himFeif. He apreeJ that i'lrtnails should be excluded from generally serving in bar?, as ther all kcew that these bars were not places (reutrally where women should he. He also urged that dirty f hantic* should not be licensed, and was sorry thaV that had continued-Hip to the present time. Mr. ' Colton had complaint- iti that ths licensing BeDch was packed, 'but had he Ket'I that opinion he would have made it known on the L renting Beech. The Hen. J. COLTON txjlaioed that he ha-l said that formerly tte Bench was packed, bat not. nctr. ? MrsJ.fOUNSEVELL had misunderstood the hoa. member. Be did not think that the members o£ the Liceniing Bench had exercised their full right: of seeing that improper houses were nut licensed, and the result was that a very bad clasa of houses were let The Bench on the last licensing dar did not do their duty, because thej had license J a number of houses altogether unsuitable, and hid at .the: tarne time refused to promise licences to booses which would have been built at a cost of JE&OGO.; . That showed that they did not care to have the best houses. (Mr. Colton— '.Nothing of the kind.'') He very much regretted to heir some time ago about the city a rumour that Mr. Colton was the sole cause of the Shamrock— one of the worst houses in South Australia— continuinz to hare a licence from last licensing day. (Mr. Colton—' Ho.') He mentioned the matter to give the bon. member a chance of denying the charge; be did not say that it wa3 true, bat that it was rumoured.' (Laughter.) He thought it would be we I it the teetotallers, with whom he was willing to go a great way. were cot so rabid in tber demands, and recognised the trade aa one which must exist, but should be regulated. With regard to the opposition of the publicans, he did not believe the statement that drunkenness had been increased by Nock's Ac% but thought that seemed so because the police had increased their vigilance, and run more drunkards in. He would like to see rrore run is. and thought it would do good both to them and the public. There was a great deal of talk about robbing the poor man of hia beer. He would not do that, he was sure, but, on the contrary, would like to see the poor man get as much beer as he wanted, and aa fast aa he wanted it ; and the quicker! he got it the Booner he would burst, and so benefit the community. (Laughter.) But he considered it was quite unnecessary to keep all the drinking shanties throughout the :onatry open four hours or even one hour on Sunday, Even colonial beer could now be bought at from sixpence halfpenny to eightpence per bottle, say threepence a glass. It was better than ('raft beer, quite as cheap, and could be kept in the house for use on Sunday?. But if the working classes would not do that, and the Sunday-closing clause was not passed, he would recommend that the sals of liquor on Sundays should be transacted through an - open window instead of at a bar. Let the cus tomers stand out on the footpath, hand their jugs through the window, get them filled, and take away what they wanted. A good deal was said about the bona-fide travellers in connection with Sunday closing. His experience as a traveller throughout the length and breadth of the colony was that the opening of public-houses on Sunday was an unmitigated nuisance to the bona-fide traveller. (Hear, hear.) All that travellers wanted was a comfortable lodging, a decent meal, and good stabling for their hones. All that could be afforded without opening the bar at all. He would say something about the wants of country travellers coming to town. There were certain places of convenience which were provided in the principal streets of New York, the strand in London, and on the Boulevards of Paris, which ougnt also to be established, and made available on payment of a Email charge, in Adelaide. The Bill ought to make provision for the establishment of such places. (Several bon. membeis— 'Let the Corporation do iL') He thought it would be quite prop:r to deal with the matter in the UilL Then, as to supplying children with intoxicants. The age at which young people might be supplied with liquors ought to bo extended from twelve to sixteen years. (Hear, hear.) Children now began by taking gingerbeer, then went on to peppeirnint, and finally acquired a taste for neat brandy. He had himself seen six children, whose ages varied from live to nine years, sitting under the trees on Soulii - terrace smoking, and drinking beer from a couple of bottles that they had with them. He atked them what they were doing, and they said — ' We are having our afternoon's beer. Sir.' {Laughter.) -'o doubt the publican who supplied tie peer thought it was required for the young urchins' parents, but it only showed that no children should be allowed to purchase intoxicants. As to the hours during which public-houses were open, he considered the present hours were a fruitful cause of degradation among the publicans. (Hear, hear.) . Working men and shopkeepers con sidered eight hours long enough, but publicans weie. expected to work eighteen hoars a day. It would be. better to open at 6 instead of 5 o'clock, and to close at 10 instead of 11 o'clock. (Hear, hear.) That would be sixteen, hours instead of eighteen, .and would even then bs twice as long as people generally cared to work. With regard to the vile comp unla that the Commi-aioaer of Crown Lands had refeted to, it appeared that 21,000 gallons of sp nts were annuilly ad mitted free, fir the ostensible purpose of tortifyintr colonial wine whereas it was stated that (o'onialwiie ordinal ily contained 35 per cent. -of spirit. He had himself been a large winegrower, a id owned, he believed, the largest vineyard in the colony, and be maintained that ii was not neces fary to e'esr 21,000 gallops of spirits to foitify our CoUnial wines. Aeain, the Distillation Act tended « y i's worMt g to increase the amount of poisonous liuuor cflerea icr (-ontmmption. He thought the whole question orjlistillm^ should be dealt with in the prtfent Bill, so as to bring about a complete Act to deal wi h the whole liquor trade. At present the Distillation Act was almost a dead letter. A coach ard frtur could be driven through it, and a man could distil as much spirits as he pleated. As to the licences provided for by the Bill, only five were named-two' for stores, one for public-houses, one for packets, and one for wine shanties. (Oh.) Well, he preferred to call them 'shanties,' although he was a winegrower himself. Now large quantities of wine, beer, and spirits were at present sold without ar.y licence whatever. It waa a common thins to see a number of brewers' carts calling at the back doors of houses in the some way as grocers* carts did. The people who owned these carts and sold the liquor from them paid no licence, and they sold beer by the bottle at 6}d., and by the gallon at Is. 41, or one penny less than the brewers sold to their own lessees. Again, all the wines or spirits he might want to srad to his stations he bought cut of bond, and no licence was paid for that. He -would not object to some thing being paid for that, and the revenue would be the gainer. A lot of colonial wine also was sold without a licence. The owner of a vineyard could hawk bis wine about to any extent He thought five more licences should be added to the Bill-one each for hawkers, winegrower?, importers, distiller?, and brewer*. On the latter point he would refer to a recent letter of the New Zealand correspondent of the Jlegisttr, who said:— 'Our Colonial Treasurer his promised a cut? of sixpences gallon on coloni ii beer. This will produce an immense revenue. What with our thirst for malt liquor and the vijrilince of the Customs office rs I am afraid there is no getting rid.of the tax. The brewers pay the duty, which is levied by rtamps, and charged to the publicans ; but as the consumers will insist upon getting their beer for sixpence a pint, cr a half-pint for three pence. . aa before, I Bcppcse it will come to this, that while getting onr quantity, there will be a failure in the quality.' That might be open to question, snd he would not go bo far as to say that a tax of sixpence per . gallon wonld be advisable at present t but he could cot see why the importers and brewers who got such enormous proht3 should not be licensed as well as the retailers. He believed all respectable ? wine-growers would be j-!ad of a licence that would tend to the removal ot a di?vrace from their trade. He would net cut a prohibitive tax on the five classes he had named, but he did not see why they should be altogether free here any more than in any other part of the British dominions. He thought it would be well to increase the hotel licence bcm£20to£25 in the country, and from £40 to .£45, or even £50, in the metropolis. A house that could not afford to pay that amount had better shut up. Mr. HABE here called attention to the state of the House. A quotum having been made up, Mr. COUNSLVKLL resumed :-lt was aafd that low-class houses shot'Mexi.n for the accommods ticn of low-class people. But codW it be contended that if the Sbnmrock were closed its freqaentere would go to the York or the Globe? It would be a positive benefit to the easterners themselves to shnt such places up, ami it w?w an altogether mistaken view to ar^uu that tansa hcusca should be maintained for the purpuse'of focus* ing, as it were, the vicious and criminal clas es for the can venience of the police. As a young member he should leave the whole matter ir. the h3cda of the hen. member for Noarluuaa, and he hopeJ the hon. stntlercnn wuuM note the points on which he had laid stress and endeavour to carry them. (Hon. J. Ccltoc— ' Hear, hear. But not all') On the nation of the MINISTER of EDUCA TION -Hon. T. Kirg) the debate was then ad journed till Tuesday rest. GAWLEK WATERWORKS BILL. Second readiuir. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS (Hon. G. C. Hawker), in moving the second read ing; regretted the thinness of the House he had to address. The DiPUTY-SPEAKEB-Then a umrum rrmst be made up. (Much laughter.) ThisbaviDf! been dene. The COMMISSION EK of PUBLIC WORKS (Hod. G. C. Hawker) proceeded -The question rf the supply of water to Oa*!er having been forced upon the attention of the Government during the last two years, and influential deputstionn having waited upon him with regard thereto, the Hydraulic Ens inter, accompanied by the Mayor rtM Corpora tion of Cawler, Iiad visited the district tobc supplied. On examinitinn it appeireJ that the Victoria Creek, which was tenanted as tbe only available source of supply, was ?o situated that 'the cost of the reservoir and the great tensth of piping re quired would prevent the Government entertaining that proportion. The U}draulic Engineer then susgestea that he should sink trial snafu in the neigbboarhcod of Gawler itself, believing that excellent water could be found at some depth below the surface. That anticipation proved correct on experiment, and in orrlcr to put the whole mat'er clearly befote the House he would read the Hydraulic Engineer's leport, so that at * later date Don. members could discuss the question — 'AJ1 the tns&eeted; and possible sites for storage reservoirs within a reasonable distance of Uawler hare been exaas ined: several have been surveyed acd levelled few the purpose of framing estimates. All tbe. .springs and creeks within a reasonable radius nave also been examined. The only site for »' re-ervoir worthy of consideration in 'point of s:z4ticn-the Victor: a Creek. I reported on -this (iteinlSTS. Tbe cost cf i reservoir at this joint ? -would I e *ery creat, and. owng to the distance from Gawler tsisteen ni:Vs\ acd the nature of ihe ground, the expense of laying a pipe would be very great also. I do net think that any works of consequence could be carried cut for less than j£o,0ud. Jliuy of the creeks which appear to offer a means of supply prove on examination to be useless on a-xonm of the quality cf the water. For the purpose of aactr.aining whether a snitabie S'lUemnua mpply of water couli be obtained tr.il shifts were sunk in various positions, with the result that an excellent supply of water haa been found in the shaft sank at the scu;h end of Murray-street. With regard to the advantage cf obtaining water by pnmpina as compared wnh storaze reservoirs, the following remarks are offered:— Assuming that a reservuir were built upon the Victoria Cteek, its cost, and that of the recesaary pipes tn connect it with the town, would amount, to .££0,000. Against this the cost of the pumping station and service reservoir will he, say, ±.7,0''). The expense of reticulation, ic, would be the same in. e'.ther rase. The interest ca .01,0.0 at 5 per cent, h equal to £Z.Xv per annum: the interest on £7,(-M at 5 per ctnt. is eaual to £330 per -annum: the »-iikiru espenses for pumping station is equal to Js!t5C-0 per annum, making * total of XSSJ per annum. Ike other general working expenses -wculil te tbe eidk* :n eithc &\ e. The water to ?be .supplied by thf pnn-'«r Btuon will be pure, limpid, and of a uu.iolia lempeiatare oi aboai €0' Fahrenheit. The water to be delivered from a leservoir would never be fo pure and limpid;, the temperature would vary from about 5S9-Pabr, in winter to perhaps 8-° Fabr. in summer, and in summer the quality woula be mere objectionable. Open storage reservoir?. uule«3 of great siza and considerable deptb, cannot in this climate furh'uh good water in summer. Last eummer the tempera ture of the water in the Hope Valley Reservoir rose to 74? Fahr. at 30 feet below tbe surface. It is easy, therefore, to imagine that the tempera ture will rise considerably higher in a shallower reservoir. tVben water wrtich is collected from oil' the surface of the land and U stored in open reservoirs— exposed to dav ifiht— reaches a temperature- of about 70° Fahr.. innumerable animal and vegetable or ganisms multiply with astonishing rapidity, and thus the water is speedily rendered fouL Even in Adelaide in summer numerous complaints are re ceived of the quality of the water when the reser voirs are thirty or more feet deep. What, there fore, will be the quality of a pool of water perhaoa seven or eight feet deep? Such water may .be it for stock, and it may perhaps not be abso lutely dangerous to en an, but it is not the water which should be distributed by a costly establish ment cal'ed waterworks.'' Tne hon. member for Xoarlunsa (Mr. Colton) would recollect that on the diecuBsion on high-level reservoirs, the hon. member had expressed an opinion that pumping as a rute fchouldnotbe adopted if it was possible to obtain water in reservoirs. In dealing with this case he had called the attention of the Hydruii'ic Engineer to that statement, because he always wished to be able to give hon. members every information they desired, and the Hydraulic Engineer had at once pointed out to him the greater purity of the water that had been obtained from 1C0 feet below the surface, as in the case of Gawler. lie wou'd lead the report oi the Hydraulic Engineer on the cost of supplying water:— ' Sir— 1 have the honour to submit for yoor ap proval the following outlines of a scheme for supplying the town of Gawler with water. For the purpose of ascertaining the pos sibility of obtaining an adequate perma nent supply of *ater from subterranean sources a unal aha.; was sunk upon trie Gawler Park Lands, by the .side of the South Para Kiver, and opposite the sc it hern end of Murray-street, Ihe shaft was carrie-l down to a depth of 50 feet, acd several tube w'lh were driven a further depth of 50 feet, into a deep stratum of clean sand. During the past six months a daily quantity of some 30.UOO gallons of wate has been drawn from the shaft by means of a steam-pump. The evidence thus obtained con firmed me in the opinion that a suitable well sunk in tbe locality will furnish an ample supply of water. Tbe water is of excellent quality, and pos sesses the advantage of a uniform temperature of 60° Fahrenheit. The source of supply being thus satisfactorily settled, the following are the means which I propose to adopt to render the water avail able. On the site of the well an engine and boiler house will be erected, containing a duplicate set of pumping machinery. Each engine will be capable of delivering 6,030 gallons per hour into a reservoir to be built on the high ground behind the house of Mr. James Martin. J,P. The two Bets of machinery will be capable of raisins; 120.UOO gallons in ten hours, which is equal to a supply of thirty gallons per head to 4,000 people. The reser voir will be circular in plan, and will be constructed of brick and stone, with a roof of cement concrete arches, supported upon iron columns. Theiuterior will be rendered with cement. The over will be covered over with earth and planted with erass. The temperature and purity of the water will thus be preserved. The capacity of the reservoir will be 250,000 gallons, or two days' supply. From the reservoir a (5-inch main will be laid into the town, with suitable branches in all tbe principal streets. The usual valves and fireplugs will be provided. I estimate the cost of the above works as follows :— Engines, boilers, and pumps complete, with well and engine-house. &&, £4,500; service reservoir. X2.5C0; mains and services, £10,000; office, store, workshop, &c;, £1,510; compensation, engineer ing, supervision, and maintenance for one year, £1.500; total. £20,000. For the sum of £20.000 it will be possible to provide efficient works complete in every respect, provided with the most economical clais of rumping machinery, and capable of maintaining an uninter rupted supply to the exteut of 120.000 gallons per diem.- The interest upon tbe capital ex pended will be at 5 per cent £1,000 per annum. For the full supply ahove stated, the working ex penses, including fuel, wages, maintenance, and repair?, will be, -ay £1. 100 per annum. For any esser quantity of water tbe working expenses wfil be reduced by savings in fuel and wages. The system which I beg respectfully to recommend for the purpose of obtaining a reasonable return f-'r the money expended is simi'ar to that proposed to be adrpted at the Mount Uambier, Kapuuda, and the High Level Keservoir District, namely, the level rates en assessment on the scale authorized by Act S3 of 1S74, which rates were actually levied in Adelaide for a period of eight years after the con struction of the waterworks. In consideration of the rates paid each consumer to be allowed free of furtber charpea quantity, of water equal o the amount of h's rate when calculated at the current price per 1.0CO gallons; any balance over and above this allowance to be charged for at the current rate. The current rate for the (list year to be 5*. per 1,600: for the second year to be 2b. per LOW: for eubseauent years, to be as experience may dictate. If this system be adopted, the rates to be levied in Gawler will probably produce an income of j£1,400 a year, or sufficient to cover working expenses; whilst there is every reason to believe that in the course of a few years the amount received for water consumed, in addition to the allowance will be sufficient to pay interest on ihe capital expended. — Oswau) Bbowk,. Hydraulic Engineer.' The other day he read an extract to the House from a paper read by Sir John Haw ksley before the Royal Geographical Society of England, and hon. members would re member that it was there stated that in from five to seven years the interest on the money for the cost of such works ought to be paid. Hon. members would remember that in the summer time the heat at, Gawler was exces sive, and that the higher 'levels of the town were not supplied with water. When the machinery was fully at work, the working expenses would -« £1.400 per annum, and when at half work con siderably less than that sum, while the rates which would be derived from tbe water supply would be £1,400, so that from -the first a portion of the interest on the outlay would be met. He thought that this was a case the House could fairly consider, for by passing the Bill they would confer a lasting benefit on one of the oldest and most important towns in South Australia. He moved the second reading of tbe Bill. The Hon. J. COLTOX moved the adjournment of the debate. Tbe motion was carried, and the debate ad journed till -Thursday next. SUPPLY. The TREASURES (Hon. C. Mann) moved that this Order of the Day be adjourned till Tuesday next, on which date he would afk the House to pass a Supply Bill. ADJOURNMENT. At eighteen minutes to 6 o'clock the House ad journed till 2 o'clock p.m. on Tuesday next. 