' STRANGE, IF TRUE.' Such waa the thought that passed through my mind after hearing the talea mentioned below, and the disousBion that naturally arose concerning them. I am, of course, no believer in ' ghost stories,' ? but, as many of my readers doubtless know, there are oiroumstances which seem to baffle all attempts at explanation. Such, I think, are those whioh were lately repeated to me, and which, believing they might interest our readers, I intend to write down as they are said to have occurred. Before, however, commencing to do bo, I think it best to say that all, tho stories wero related by the persons who were actually concerned in them. About three years ago, a gentleman holding a government situation at tho Cape, was residing, for a time, in the execution of his duty, in a email village some distance from Cape Town. It waB, in general, a very quiet place, with only a few regular residents ; a great many of the houses remaining closed most of the year, their owners living elEewhere on their farms. Once in twelve months, however, the little village became quite gay, assuming, for a few weekB, a totally different aspect. This was on the occasion of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast to its usually almost deserted look, the place was literally crowded with visitors of all kinds. The time of the fair was very close at hand, when the gentleman to whom I have referred, a man in tho prime 'of life, active, strong, in vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, left the houee where he was residing, with the in tention oE taking a walk. It was a clear, beautiful evening, the moonlight making all as distinct as in the day ; and he paused beside one of tho empty houses already mentioned, for the purposo of lighting his pipe. There was not a oloud to be seen ; not a Bhadow cast anywhere near where he was standing, when suddenly, from round the corner, aB if just leaving the hall-door, passed a full-sized coffin, just such a height from the ground as would have been the case had it been oarried oh men's shoulders. The gentleman watched it with a feeling of curiosity, and it seemed to disappear in the distance. He told mo that no one. could have mistaken it, tbe shape being' so perfectly defined. It stood out grey and opaque in the clear, sweet air, and passed him bo closely that he could have laid his hand upon it. Wondering at the Btrango sight, but without ony feeling of dread or fear connected with it, he wbb yet suffi ciently impressed by the circumstance to write it down, with, the date and hour, in hip note-book, and to mention it to the doctor, who was an intimate friend of hia, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my friend had seen it as plainly as he then saw himBelf. Some days passed, and in the busy, daily life, the affair was forgotten by both gentlemen. Tho fair-time arrived, and, aB uaual, the little village was crowded. Amongst the visitors was a young man Buffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named. All the skill of tho dootor proved unavailing, and, amidst the genoral gaiety, the shadow of death fell upon him ; and, three days after his arrival, hiB coffin was carried out of the house from whence the gentleman had seen the strange sight iBsue. On reminding the doctor, of what he had been told, the latter said that had he remembered tho facts, he would have sent the invalid elsewhero; though, of course, if the call, 'Oome up hither,' had gone forth from the Master's lips, no earthly power could have stayed the departing spirit. As I said before, I am no believer in ghost etorieB, but when a strange fact suoh as this is deolared to have been seen by a. practical, unimaginative man, in good health, one scarcely knows what to think of it. The scene of my next story is laid in New York, in a handsome house in one. of the best parts of the city; tho lady who related it resided there at the time ; the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, ana servants. A cousin with whom Bhe had been brought up from infanoy, -usually lived with them, but his health having latterly failed, he had gone, by advice, to Florida. One afternoon, as she was sitting playing with the little ones, the nurBe, who was also in the room, exclaimed, ' There is Mr. George 1' Look ing up, the lady, to her astonishment, caw her cousin, whom she believed to be so far away, standing in a leaning attitude against the open door, gazing at tho merry errouD ; naturally enough, her first remark was to enquire why he had returned, but he gave- no answer and moved away, as sho thought, to go upatairs. Just at that moment, her huBband entered by another door, and she at once told him that 'George waa at home, and gone to his room.' Glad to hear the welcome, though quite unexpected news, the gentleman followed him, but soon came down, saying he was not there. Greatly puzzled as to where their couBin could have disappeared, they searched every room with as little j success ; no one, save the lady and her I nurse, having seen him about the house, Almost the next mail brought them tho | -Bad intelligence that tho young man had died of rapid decline, at the very- hour of tho day on which hia couein had, as she thought, Bpokon to him in her own drawing-room. Tho lady to whom thiB happened had always been most averee to putting any faith in stories of this kind, and, but for the news of his death having occurred precisely at tho timo she saw him? would always have remained convinced that he hack returned and played some trick upon her. The most singular part of the circum stance is, I think, that whilst the lady and nurse both saw and spoke to him, tho children took no notice of one whom they bad always loved, being in tho same room. Another most ourious tale, indeed, the most puzzling of all; was related of a soldier leaving his Dost through seeing the 'Bpirit,' .as he affirmed, of one of his officers, who, unknown to him, had just shot himself j but having read it in ono of our daily papers, I do not repeat it, as my readers may, in all probability, have done the same. My last story is one that happened on board ship, and that seems to me very pathetic from the great love that must nave existed between the friends. It was on a lovely evoning that one of the passengers on board a homeward-bound Indiaman, tempted by the beauty of the scene, was lingering on duck, unwilling to exchange the pure sea breeze for the heated atmosphere below. . Looking round, with a feeling that he was no longer alone, and expecting to Bee one of hia companions, ho was surprised to see sitting beside him, the dearest friend heposaeBaed, and who, as he knew, waa stationed somewhere in the West Indies. ' B ? ' he exclaimed, utterly bewildered by seeing tho face so familiar to him gazing fondly, yet sadly at him ; 'how came you here? Have you been hidden away all these days ?' As he spoko half -jestingly, a strange sensation camo over him — was he dreaming or mnd ? How oonld B ? , who was hundreds of miles away, be now o' board with bim ? ' How. did you got here ?' ho asked, hia voice iDaensibly taking an awe- ptruck tone. 'I came to Bee you,' wa-- the anBWer, spoken in low, strangely thrilling accents ; ' I felt I must 'see you, but; I cannot stay longer.' ' Ho laid his hand on that of his friend as he spoko, pressing it witn the old gmrle touch the other remembered ao well, and was gone before any answer could be made. For a long time, the officer eat pondering on the strange visit ; then taking out his note-book in the bright; star-li^ht, be placed the facts on record, with tbe hour and date. He did not mention the cir cumstance on board, knowing well how improbable such a story would appear, but it waa with a heavy heart that he 8aw the 'white cliffs of old England' becoming visible, for a deep conviction had taken possession of his heart tha', on landing, ho would, in some way, receive sad tidings of hiB old and woll-loved friend. He knew uiul iiu iiuu ueeu uwuko ana tnat speecn had passed between his strange visitor and himself, but who that vititant was, he dreaded, brave soldier though he were, to attempt to explain. Landing in England, his fears wero soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on tho very night when be had seen and spoken io him,jhis friend had died in the West Indies. ' I -do not pretend to give any explanation of theBe ' strange stories thiwe who told them to me averred Bolemnly ttmt tbe facts were just us they had Btated theui, ana 1 have no reason to disbelieve 'heir word. Tbat suoh things may ooour, by p.-rmissioo of our all-wise Creator, is. quite possible, but, whilst granting bo muob, I tbiuk every ono should do hiB or her utmost to put down and destroy that foolish, hurtful belief in those ao-oalled ' ghost-stories,' thot ijave so often done suoh irretrievable misobief to timid natures and young ohildieu. Thinking the above aooounts ourious and aomuwh-u out ol the oommon — at least, the first and third — I have simply ' told the tale aB 'twas told to me,' leaving my readers to form th. ir own judgments about them. Still, I think Hamlet's words may, with;justice, be quoted regarding them, ' That there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy,' and that, iu very truth, suoh storiCB are ' strange, if true.1' E. A. 0. 