IN LIFE AND IN DEATH. I. A long, old-fashioned, magnificent room, growing dim and shadowy in the twilight ; a room fit to be haunted, lined with shelves full of hundreds of old books ; a room that seemed really to be haunted, as the white, busts it learned out spectrally through the growing darkness. Far-stretching, silent and solitary ; so large, that the one living figure in it was almost lost and swallowed up in space; so dreary in its vastness, that it was wonderful any living creature could endure to stay there. Four great windows, side by side, looked out on a terrace, where a fountain played, and cold white nymphs stood as if turned to stone while they danced. The terrace was solitary, like the room that opened on it ; only at one of the windows, leaning against the frame, and keeping a steady watch through the glass, was a man. The light was so dim even there that his figure was just" plainly discernible ; but it could be seen that he was not old — not, perhaps, quite young, but under middle age— slender, pale, and worn. His profile against the window looked almost too delicate for a man ; and his hand was painfully thin. That was all that could be seen — even that only now and then when he held up his watch to catch the light on its face. Suddenly a soft, almost stealthy, foot came along the gravel. A woman wrapped in a large cloak, with the hood drawn over her head, came on to the terrace ; the library window swung open, and she stepped in. ' Is it really you, Helen, at length V Am I too late ? I could not come sooner.' ' Not very late — but you come so seldom now, I suppose I am impatient.' She let him take off her cloak, and stood quite passive while he looked at ber for a moment, and then bent down and kissed her. She was in a very simple evening toilet ; not a tall woman, but finely and fully propor tioned ; old enough and beautiful enough to have suited a much richer style of dress than the plain white she wore ; and with a kind of fi '1 17 fhitm ivam cko frtfiil wuvuv CVC|l Willie Siaw her lover. ' Close the window, please,' she said, in her composed, musical voice ; I want to have a long talk with you, Philip. ' He obeyed gladly. ' I have scarcely seen you for a week,' he answered, and I have- good news to-night.' You see me three times every day- — is not that enough ?' If you call that seeing. Are there to he no more lessons, Helen ?' I am afraid not. I did not make much progress last winter. My aunt noticed it.' . ®-18 lace glowed. ' Last winter ? No. But it was not altogether my fault. How often did you miss coming ?' 'several times, certainly. And, Philip« you know my reason.' 'Lord Daintry was here, and you were of ten occupied. ' Other people as well as Lord Daintry were iere, and I did ndt wish our secret to be dis covered. You would certainly have ruined yourself if I had not been cautious for both. Perhaps you are right. But, Helen, it is aard to see so little of you as I do now.' She was silent for a moment, the had sat down in a great carved arm-chair that stood near the window, and he, standing opposite to her, leaned against the projecting side of and kept hie eyes constantly on h6< tSi ' A® said, looking up at him with Jifc colour flickering over her calm fea- f fain Don't you think that this constant Smnlaton hi Ueted long enoogh I Don't you think this secret-keeping ought to be put Q«Do consent, then,' he cried, eagerly. Hush! hush! You misunderstand— For three years, ' he went on quickly, we have been living a lie ; better the truth with Joy penalties it may bring, than to go on like th.yes, I am glad yon think so.' My darling, I began to fear I cannot tell what. Only to night, as I waited, I thought f oa had tired of me ; and now you will give vourself to me openly.' He knelt at her. feet— he took one of her hands, and covered it with kisses. 'Stay,' she answered. 'Don't deceive yourself! or let me deceive you— that, at least, I hae never done.' Something in her voice sounded as if she were trembling, and forcing herself to stand oa the defensive against an accusation. 8he laid er other hand over his two with a kind i of reluctant caress. 1 1 mean simply.' she said, 'that our en gagement ought to be broken off. The clasp of his fingers relaxed. He fell back a little, as if he had been struck, then grasped her hand more firmly than before. « You are jesting ?' he asked. He dare not assert that it was so— Helen Fortescue seldom jeBted : but he asked it in an agony. 'No,' she answered. 'You are hurting me. I am quite in earnest.' He got up, turned away from her, and went into the darkness of the room,- stagger er, and catching at the tables and chairs as hewent. -he sat still by the window, with the pale light falling upon her golden hair, while she considered what she should say next to him. He went all the length of the room, and game back to his former place opposite her, deadly pale, but ready to listen. ' 1 do not kHOW,' she began again, 'why I have not said this before. I have thought it for some time, e were very foolish three years ago, both of us ; but we are not children now— not boy and girl, that we should not be able to give up pur romance. My aunt's health is giving way, and, as you know, her income dies with her ; when she is dead my uncle will have to live less expensively — he will think, first of all, of ridding himself of useless encumbrances. In fact, my home here, such as it is, is every day in greater danger. I ought to think of the future.' 1 Have you not thought ? and I for you ? Helen, you have been faithful to me so long, d n't, den t change now. For heaven's sake, be patient a little !' ' is it a question of patience ?' 'Yes, only that. To-day, this very day, I have had an appointment offered me.' She raised her head a little with a quick inquiring movement. She had loved him once, in her fashion ; perhaps did still, he had been used to think that, with his foot on the first, step cf the ladder of success, he would certainly reach the top. If he had that first step now, she might still be true to hitn. But it struck her that there was a singular hesitation in his manner. ' It is a good thing,' he went on, 'almost an unhoped-for fortune ; and yet it has its dark side. I should have to leave you for a year.' ' vYell ?' she said, impatiently, as if that were a light thing. ' And it comes from a quarter I don't like.' ' Can you afford to have preferences ? I cannot.' ' Xo, truly. But this is from Mr. Stuart, Lord Daintry 's brother. He wants a private secretary, and will take me. It is in itself a much better thing than this, and will lead to something more.' ' And yet you do not like it ? Why not, | Philip V ' I think you know. Yon will say it is foolish ; but except for the sake of making sure of you, I would not take it. With your promise, and for your sake, I will.' ' And that very promise would deprive you of it. Xo, Philip, you must take it — the first chance of prosperity which has come to you — but you must take it without me.' ' Never. hy, but for you, should I care for it ? I have all the necessaries of life here— and you.' He came to her side and laid his hand softly in her hair, which still gleamed golden through the half darkness ; but she leaned back in her chair, moving her head from unuer his touch, '/ ave something to tell you also,' she 8aid, ' and you will not- like to hear it. This morning I had a letter which is of importance to both of us.' She paused a moment, shook off all hesita tion, and went on quickly — Lord Daintry w ishes me to marry him. He is ricn, and I am tired of poverty ; he is anxious to give me a home, and I am certain soon to want one. Ought I to refuse him ?' ioa have accepted him ? Your word to me is nothing, Helen V He spoke brokenly and harshly. Not yet ; I must answer his letter to morrow.' Suddenly he fell, half kneeling, before her, graspmg her hands again passionately. . iou cannot do it !' he cried. ' You are mine, and I will not give you up. I could not live and lose you.' Hush, pray hush, dear Philip !' she an- f ' nothing him as if he were an in- fn a . cld. ' You see that I have come w<Ln t ou have done nothing, said , yet, that you need complain of.' I-,, come to consult me?' he repeated t ..r y ' Ho you come to ask me whether an j1 £lve yu UP to this man who is rich, t make you a countess ?' Honestly, yes.' « fyTU sad yu loved me !' and JSt r do Hut you know what I am. don't tif; w pro8pecfcs> both f are. I hfttiso 1, could bear to live in a small .nfj 10 have everything abont me poor u and straitened. It has been worn «Ui re as a dependant, It grows and worse as I grow older. Iam tuZh mZ Release me, Philip. Let for ouraelvsa Vtoo, am weary of life.' got up and stood facing her ; while she alee startled by something in his tone, rose, and waited with her handpoa the arm of her chair. ' Helen 'he went on, ' there has been one inequality between as always. You have when you choose, an iron will. I am naturally weak, easily persuaded. You have made up your mind to break your word to me, and to marry this Earl. You will do it But tor once I am as resolute as you Bere m this very place, where, three years 'ago, you promised solemnly in the sight of heaven to be my wife -here, where you have over and over again repeated your promise, I tell you I never will release you from it Go marry whom you will- get all the good you can from your bargain; but, married or single, rich or poor, living or dying, yon are \- mine ! He had raised his head with a threatening gesture. His words sounded like a curse. For all her steady nerves, she shuddered ' Philip I hear me— let me speak—' "she cried. ' No more. If I baye been blind, it has been wilfully Now I see. But you are bound, now and for ever, in life and in death.' He broke from her j and rushing away, through the window, past the white nymphs' \va3 lost instantly in the darkness. ' II The morning had b6en fair and lovely- village children were out gathering flowers and wearing garlands, according to their custom, to strew the bride's path ; but at 10 o'clock all changed. A heavy, black cloud rose from the horizon, and passed before the sun ; a strong, fierce wind seemed to follow it, and, shrieking round the church, swept the flowers from the path, and tore down the arch above the gateway. It fell with a crash upon the roof of the carriage, which that moment passed, carrying Helen Fortescue to | her marriage. The startled horses plunged, I and could hardly be drawn up at the church I door ; but the bride stepped out, calm as ever, though her face was deadly pale, and its delicate lines drawn in unnatural hard ness. Her uncle, a feeble, querulous, old man, followed her trembling, and as they passed into the aisle the storm burst. Sheets of raiu fell like a deluge, vivid flashes of lightning shone, and quick, terrified peals of thunder rattled over the building. The party gather round the altar, but there was a minute's pause, while the clergyman waited for a lull in the storm, before he commenced the service. The lull came — heavy, deathlike, ominous. The darkness seemed to increase, but through the silence the clergyman's voice was heard, low and unsteady at first, but rising fuller and clearer each moment, till he came to the words, ' If any man can show just cause why they may not lawfully be joined together, let him now speak, or else hereafter for ever hold his peace.' Then, at that instant, a peal of thunder, louder tl berore, shook the building ; crash after cr«.on it came, and in the midst of it a voice called, ' There is a cause. Before God I forbid this marriage ; bat the thunder and the voice ceased, and the speaker was in visible. The frightened guests looked at each other, and then into the dim corners and re- ceases of the church, but there was no one but themselves, and the old sexton, cowering, and trembling behind a monument. The bride caught at the altar rail, . but neither cried out nor fainted ; the bridegroom glanced round haughtily, hiding, his dismay under a slio v of pride. The Vicar, stepping back, called aloud to the unknown to come forward, bat none answered. A second and third time he called, but in vain. Then they began to say that it must have been fancy — that the thunder had sounded like a voice — and that the marriage should go on. So it went on : I require and charge you both, as you will answer at the dreadful day of judgment, when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if either of you know any impediment why ye may not be lawfully joined together — ' A strong shudder seized the bride, and shook the cloudy folds of her veil ; but she repressed it, making no sign of hesitation. Then, in the pause after that solemn adjura tion, there came another mysterious response, audible through all the church — an inarticu- lated sound, that was neither sigh nor groan, but more full of despair than even was either. And still there was no- one visible. It might have been some strange effect of the wind, which still swept in stormy gusts round the bnilding, rattling the windows, and whistling through the crevices in the stone-work. But whatever it might be, it was Dot repeated. The marriage went on ; and Helen, Countess of Daintry, turned from the altar to receive the congratulations of her friends. 'Bat oh, my dear,' said one lady to her granddaughter, as they drove home to the hall, ' it is an ill-omened wedding. She tried hard for him, and she has got him ; and I be lieve in my heart that she is a woman who would get what she wanted if ,she had to step over the body of her best friend to reach it. But it is a strange wedding !' ' Grandmamma, don't say such horrid things ! She is excessively handsome, and clever and charming. - 1 don't wonder he fell in love with her.' 'Charming!' and the old lady laughed scornfully. ' Yes, they say poor Philip Con way found that out long ago — as well as others.' Philip Conway ? Her uncle's secretary ? Why, grandmamma, yon would sot let me be civil to him.' ' You ? That's a different thing. He's her cousin a few times removed, and quite as good as she is. However, it's -not my affair — nor yours. Ugh I what rain !' The bridal party reached the Hall while the storm as still at its height. T hey sat down to breakfast, and the depression and sense of awe which had been inspired by the tempest, and by the interruption of the ser vice, passed gradually away. Speeches were made and toasts drank, and the bride'Iooked calm and lovely, and— except that she ap- : peared perhaps a shade too calm — was perfect I in her part. But she stayed not one un necessary moment. Her silent will broke np the party, and she found herself for the last time in her own simple solitary chamber. Her dress was changed, and she was ready for her journey, but the very last she de sired to be left alone. Then she locked the door, and listened intently for a moment. She took a key from a biding place in the back of her wardrobe, and unlocked the o My drawer which was not empty. Even in that there was not much— a small packet of letters and notes, a small likeness done in water-colours, a book of verses. She took them up, lifting them with strange tender ness, and carried them to the hearth. That morning she had said she was chilly, and 'asked for a fire — it still burned brightly. She moved the coals, making a hollow in the hottest place, then quietly put the whole pile of things, she held down into it. Then she clasped her two hands together, almost wringing them, and with a long, sobbing sigh, watched the fire gradually devour them? But when she turned away and opened the door, and met her uncle coming up to fetch her, she went forward smiling to take his arm, without a cloud on her face. The old man was trembling and infirm, and they went slowly along the gallery tilt they drew near the staircase, when there were voices heard speaking loud and angrily below. All at once they ceased, and Philip Conway, dripping with rain, splashed with mud, torn, dishevelled, panting, rushed up the stairs in great sfcpdes. Face to face with the uncle and niece, he stood a moment, labouring to speak — then suddenly his figure swayed, and he fell heavily forward at their feet. One shriek burst from the new-made Countess. Her husband, standing below waiting for her coming, heard it, and came to her. Others, servants and guests, came too. They lifted aside the body and let her pass. ' He has fainted,' she said, in her soft steady voice ; and behind her they said, ' He is dead !' The carriage stood at the door. Why should she delay her going because Philip Conway had fainted, or died, in her sight ? The Earl and Countess were well on their way when the surgeon said those few words to Mr. Gaysborough — Quite dead. Disease of the heart.' III. Ten years since Helen Fortescue, poor and handsome, was changed into Helen, Countess of Daintry, rich and powerful. Ten years since Philip Conway was lifted, dead, out of the bride's path. Nearly ten years since Gaysborough passed into the hands of strangers, and the story of that ill-omenfcd wedding-day began to fade among the other traditions of the 'old family.' But in a distant country Lady Daintry shone as a star and reigned as a queen. No one had yet begun to say that the star was paling, the queen losing her inherent right or po er of ruling. Tiie Earl was her first subject — no more. Over, him, and over the rest of the world, she maintained her ascendancy by two forces,- distinct but allied — her beauty and her will. As for her beauty, it had not waned by so much as a shade. It had shone out, after her brilliant marriage, in the most wonderful perfection — a beauty not only above question, but above criticism — imperial, absolute. She might have been a beggar maid or a king's daughter — people soon ceased to trouble .themselves with her antecedents ; she made her beauty serve for family, fortune, and training. Thus she gained her throne ; having gained it, her will kept it. And no that she had been so long a suc cessful woman, one class of persons alone spoke evil of her. To her maids she was no divinity . There were enough of them ; for she seldom kept one about her more thau a few months, and they all went away in the same- mind, 'She has an awful temper,' they said, ' and seems as if she never could be quiet for a minute. All the money in Englahd would not pay one to face he, as she looks sometimes.' One other strange thing was known about her. She had consulted — no one knew on what subject — a certain clairvoyant, or dealer in supernatural mysteries, and had, moreover, been observed to change colour when the subject was named, and to shudder involuntarily when disbelief in it was asserted in her presence. That she herself did believe in things not dreamed of in philosophy was the consequent opinion of her friends — but it was a matter on which she refused to speak. It was the liarl's pleasure as well as hers that their house in BLankshire should be a hospitable one. They spent most of the year there, and they were never alone. No matter how unpromising the season, they had always a party, and almost always it was large and gay. There were perpetual morning and evening amusements, a con tinual ebb and flow of dinner goests, and everything to make a dinner invitation worth accepting. Perhaps this was the aspect of the case which preseuted itself most vividly to the masculine minds of the neighbourhood. A fine house, a pleasant hest, a beautiful hostess, a faultless dinner, and wines not to be equalled in the country — every man could appreciate these ; every man accordingly appreciated the Countess's invitations. One of these invitations was thes object of a little discussion one evening. It had been sent to Ralph Murchison, a young squire - of the neighbourhood, and he, going to his letter-case to find something else, had just pulled it out and tossed it to his friend and guest, Captain Conway. ' It includes you,' he said. ' All right. I was over there playing croquet yesterday, and took an opportunity of telling the Countess that I expected yon. Before I came away she begged me to bring you to morrow, which I promised. So you are booked.' 'I don't believe there's a soul T know there,' Conway ans ered, twisting the note round his fingers. More shame for you then. There's the jolliest people in England always there, and it's the jolliest house to meet them at.'. - Lady Daintry can't be very young,' Con way said, irreverently, after a little pause, and through a clond of smoke. Ralph went off into a fit of laughter. 'By Jove ! it is easy enough to fee that you don't know .her ! The bare idea of talk- ing cf a woman like that sot -being very young.' ' Well, upon my word, I don't see the joke !' Why, man, she is scarcely a woman at | all — she is a goddess. Do you suppose that because when we were small boys in Lower Fourth at Ebonshe was turning the heads ail London, therefore she can't turn a now? If you do, you are certainly mistaken. By Jove, there is not another woman in England to compare to her.' ' I'll tell you my opinion to-morrow night,' ' Oh, I know it beforehand" Youcan't | help yourself. Bat, do you know, I had a kind of half idea that she and you must be related?' 'Had you? So we' are— distantly J ' Explain it, old fellow; I only wish I could make her out a cousin of mine.' Conway knocked the ashes off his cigar, stretched himself comfortably back in bis chair, blew a whiff or two lazily, and then answered, in a provokingly deliberate manner between the puffs, — ' Her great- grandmother and my grand mother were sisters.' 'Is that humbug?' 'No ; truth.' ' You seem to be pretty well up in the re lationship, after all.' 4 Yes, I am. Don't yon know that I was brought up by a maiden aunt ? - And she made you learn your genealogy?' ' Not exactly. I remember that particular relationship for a particular reason.' ' What was that?' ' Can't you let a fellow smoke in peace?' ' Not if peace means silence ; I had enough ' of that before you came. Go on.' I remember it because I found various al lusions to it in some papers which belonged to Philip, my elder brother.' Never knew ycu had a brother.' 'Perhaps not. He died ten years ago ; about the time you were speaking of, when we were in Lower Fourth:' ' He must have been a good deal older than you.' Fourteen or fifteen years. He was my half-brother, and I scarcely ever saw him. He was my guardian, however, the little time' he lived, and a good one too. ' Did he know Lady Daintry ?' ' Helen Fortescue she was then. He could not very well help knowing her, for they lived in the same honse.' ' How was that ?' _ Philip was secretary to old Gaysborough, of Gaysborough, who was a distant relation of ours, and who had married an aunt of yonr friend's. She, I suppose, was an orphan — at any rate, she lived with her annt, and mar ried from there.' ' Well V Well, that's all. Poor Philip died there — died suddenly of heart disease ; and what few papers and so on he left went to my aunt's, where on her death I found them. There were notes of memoranda, and Miss Fortescue was sometimes mentioned.' ' I shall introduce you as a cousin.' ' As you please ; but I think it would be well not.' Their talk rambled off after that to other . subjects, and never came back to the relation ship between the beautiful countess and the young soldier' until the two friends were driving to the dinner party which they had disenssed over their cigars. ' Aell, Charlie,' Murchison then said, 'will yon go in for coosinship or not?' 'No — at any rate, not at present ; so please keep quiet on the subject.' 'As you like. Here we are.' They were all but late — so near it, indeed, that Conway had bat one' momentary glimpse of Lady Daintry as she received them before dinner was announced. He found himself, however, at no great distance from her at table, and Murchison smiled to himself as he saw his friend's eye turn instantly towards her. 'Ah,' he thought slily, 'he'll be glad enough by-and- bye to claim kindred.' But as dinner progressed, Conway still looked at the Countess. He said nothing to the lady beside him— he put away the dishes that were offered him— he did nothing but stare fixedly at his hostess. Again and again his introducer glanced across the table at him ; with surprise and displeasure he no ticed his extraordinary behaviour, and tried to attract his attention. No efforts were the least use. Conway, when spoken to, either ans ered shortly or not at all — when merely looked at, remained evidently uncon- scions of the look. One after another the people who sat near seemed to become awaiecf something singular in hisdemeanour ; the Countess alone paid no .heed to it. . Per haps she was too much accustomed to admi ration to be discomposed by the regard of a stranger — and yet the one now fixed on her might have been embarrassing from the very fact that it was not admiring. What did it express ? Fear ? surprise ? incredulity ? horror? AIL these, perhaps — nothing less strange and misplaced. ' What the deuce does that fellow mean ?' Mnrchison thought to himself, uneasily. ( Has he gone mad all at once ? or what is it ? Everybody is beginning to notice him. Won't I give him a blowing np when I get hold of him !' But as the long ceremony of dinner pro gressed Ralph grew more mid more uncom fortable. He saw that the influence of his friend's silence and strange behaviour was making itself felt — it seemed at last even to reach the Countess. t»he still talked with her nsnal grace to those Reside her ; but she grew slightly paler, and once looked for a moment steadily at Conway. Murchison, watching anxiously, was struck by the fact that, while her eyes evidently rested for that moment on the young soldier's face, his did not change or falter as if he met her glance, but rather seemed to look over or beyond her. She continued her conversation, and he his gaze. At last, when dinner seemed to have lasted twice the ordinary time, Lady D&intiy; rose. The moment the ladies had passed ont and ; the door was shut, Conway turned to the gentleman next him, and in a voice fall of honor asked, ' Did yoa see it 2' See what V the other returned, and Ralph leaned across the table to listen. ' The figure that stood behind the Countess —a tall man, who mimicked everything .she did.' The stranger drew a little farther away ; he evidently thought his qeighbeur was maij - and Ralph, coming round, took the empty place. r Did you see it?' 1 saw you behaving tw if you were out of your senses. What on earth did it all ?' i— — tin, niir. , ffllHfl , : - „ .---.ft 'Idont kno— except this. As w£ down to the table there -came a— a thing— and stood behind Lady- Daintry 's- chair. It seemed to come with her into the room. It stood there the whole time, now on one side, and now on the other. Whatever she did, it did ; aud it followed her away just now.' 8e shuddered, and Murchison shuddered too. There could be no doubt that he be lieved he had seen this — thing. ' But what was it like ?' ' Like the shadow of a man— if it was like anything. A shadow having substance, if you can understand that.' I daresay it was a shadow. " Look at the place where it stood. The light is full, bright, equally diffased. No> shadow could be there.' ' Imagination,fchen.' As you will. Only never ask me to sit in the room with it again.' Murchison paused for a moment. He tried to persuade himself that Conway was prao tising a foolish hoax — that he had had too much wine — even that this might be the first illusion pf a coming fever. Bet none of these theories would stand. Conway was of a cool insouciant temper, not the least 'given to practical jokes ; he had not swallowed a single glass of wine ; and he had not the faintest sign of physical illness about him. What j he Mid show were strong,1 unmistak- able symptoms of horror, and of perfect good Mfaith, ' Yet it might have been some fantastic effect -of light and shade ; and if so, it wonld certainly not re- appear in the drawingroom. ' Come,' he said, 'let us go.and join the ladies. If it was a shadow it will stay here.' 1 It is no use. And, to tell the truth, I shall be glad to get out of the house. Make sqmj excuse for me — there's a good fellow.' ''And let you go away with the idea that you have seen a ghost ? I thought you had more pluck.' ' Look here, Ralph, it is no use talking in that way. I say nothing about ghosts. I only say that I have seen — and I don't know why you should not have seen too— -what I described to you. If I saw it again ever so often it woull make no difference to me, except that it is uncanny — more than that, horrible — to see it standing there mocking everything she does.' He shuddered. 'And I suppose you don't entertain any idea of trying to lay the ghost, as you call it. I doubt whether the Countess would thank pu.' The C ountess ? Do you imagine lift any consciousness of it?' How can I tell ? All I know, you knew. 4 Very well, then ; come into the drawing room and try to find ont something more.' He was obstinate, being fairly divided now between belief and nnbelief, and Conway was obliged to yield. There were about a dosren ladies, young and old, in the room when he entered. Lady Daintry was sitting oa a sofa talking to a dowager in black velvet and diamonds. They were a carious contrast — one old, wrinkled, and shrivelled, gorgeous in black and scarlet and flashing fight ; the other in the very perfection of beauty, in a rich quaint dress of pure white. But behind them, standing so that the Countess's golden hair seemed to touch its breast, stood the dark shadow. Conway told Ralph by a look that it was there. They separated immediately, and Conway foqnd himself near the lady he had taken in to dinner. She was the only person with whom he had the slightest link of -acquaint ance, and she, after his neglect, was not dis posed to be very gracious. He turned his back upon the sofa, and applied himself to being civil to her. Bat it was a task beyond his powers. He felt himself drawn back irresistibly to look at the Countess. Other "men had now come in, and she had left her seat ; but wherever she went the shadow followed her, moving as she moved, and keeping always so near that it seemed as if she had bat to put out her hand and touch it. Seeing this, Coo way soon ceased to be able to see anything else. He found a quiet corner, and pretended to look at some photographs, bat his. eyes con- ' tinually fallowed the spectre. Once Murchison came to hitn. Well,' he said, ' is it there still ?' It stands in the corner, . between her and the piano. There, that girl who is going to play almost touched it.' As Ralph strained his eye3 following the direction of Conway's, he became aware that Lady Daintry was watching them both. She moved abruptly from the place, where she stood, and cast a rapid, almost imperceptible glance backward over her shoulder. Be fancied be Saw her lip quiver and her colour change. Next moment, however, she: de liberately crossed the room, and naming ' to Conway, spoke to him. : It was only some question or remark about those photographs which he had not looked at ; but while she spoke, and he answered, a carious scrutiny was going on. H»« look, instead of resting on her face, went past her to tne thing standing dose behind ; hers seemed express suspicion, distrust, uncer tainty. Her words were very sweet and gracious. . Her voice soft and unconstrained") but Murchison said to -himself, 'Does die know of this? Does she tear anvthinst .Ta it real after all ?' Then he becumewwore that the Countess had asked a question to which Conway gave no answer. She waitingj the expression of berfacedeepemngr into an indescribable mixturo-of pridean<£ terror, ashe, bepdinga hfcUe.fprward, was wholly absorbed u ; . the disqovery, - as L -seemed, of some newarevelatiou- , Sturohi&on; made ahtep forward. The countess turned 1 suddenly. 4away, mde as usheConway h5teiendfP 'Ralph,' he Eaid, 1 1- must go. Heaven knows why I shonid he the only person to , know her secret, bat I can't stay hereionser and keep it. Areyou readyr ! SS? n»tterjust nowj' ; j tme? t you there seemed dark mist about ite bead. better go.' , ; ... They moved do wly towaidjthe doOT MlW | chison stopping here and there to speak to an | acquaintance as he passed. But at the last | moment he again turned to Conway. | 'Look once more,' he said; and as hie spoke he felt himself shudder, for the horror of the vision had begun toaffeet him. '-Take one last deliberate look at her, and don't carry away any fancies.' Conway obeyed . He glanced round the I room in search of the Countess. She was ' quite at the further end, and had her hand on the handle of the door, as if going out ; but at the moment the two friends paused, ' looking at her, someone spoke to her, and she turned from the door to reply. Murchi- : son just perceived this, and then trying in ' Conway's face to discover what he saw, took 1 . alarm at the awful pallor which crept over it, ! i and drew him quickly out into, thejiall. For heaven's sake what is it ?' For a moment Conway seemed unable to tma w r. His lips were white and stiff, his Phaads trembled, and he grasped his friend's -arm to support himself. Sfee mist was almost gone from about it,' ) he-said at last. 'It is a corpse, long dead, < decaying, livid, phosphorescent — I don't ifkaMMv what to say— it glimmers — it has shreds . c&sssshroad; hanging about it. Oh, it is hor- ;ribte\\! horrible !' He trembled convulsively. Murcbison's . jowd oerres thrilled. 'Coine iuto the dining-room a minute,' he yasd are or fcree men ere yet, Thev went ' was early, and the ho"«aytpatL.XWaiti,lg Jhe en(d?a P0- argument. 1" i f a were absorbed in " ''fr nroup at one end of t Tbe re3t of the room was empty. The young men, after changing a worn «r "TP WIth. tbe Earl, sat down apart, and asked = ' You saw it more clearly, x . .. Yes quite clearly. Don't . ft . now. 1 11 answer all your questic T ' Better do it now. It is either . £Ver else the most awful visitation thai< mortal was subject to.' Fancy 1 1 tell you it is no fancy. You s ! her take her hand off the handle cf the do. when that girl spoke to her ? Well, the — the ' thing put its horrible hand on the handle as if to open the door, and its other arm was round her — not close, not absolutely holding her, but making as if it would open the door and draw her into the next room. But the horror was, that it loosed the handle and raised its arm as I looked, aud looked at me and beckoned 1' Their talk was suddenly interrupted. A shriek, ringing through the house, broke it off. Doors opened and shut in all directions ; and the whole party, rushing into the hall, found servants hurrying wildly about, and the Countess's French maid screaming and exclaiming : ' My lady ! my lady! She is dying — she is dead— she is poisoned ! Malheureuse que je «ais V Struggling on with the crowd the two friends reached the door of a small drawing- room opening from the larger one In a low ehair, near the fire, sat the Countess, her eyes closed, her face white and rigid. A coffee- cup had fallen from her hand, and lay broken on the floor — a stream of the dark liquid marked her rich white dress. Beside her, on a table, was a small case, and the jroom was full of a subtle, deadly odour. As. the bolder or more intimate visitors gathered round, following the Earl, Conway daid his hand on Murcbison's shoulder. There it is I', he said, close beside her, lending down. It puts its arm round her,' The rigid figure, so still in the midst of the Ler rifled excitement, suddenly moved. The ; Countess opened her eyes.. She turned her head slowly, as if looking for someone close at her side. Ah last. Dhilin !' she said distinct! v. and died. — Blackwood. A landed proprietor, a kind and sympa- thgtic man, but at the same time curiously . absent-minded, called on a tenant to tell him , that he forgave him ninety-nine and a »half \- per cent of his rent, or something of the ; sort, and was then asked to condole on the » death of a valuable cow — a very valuable cow. The cause of the misfortune had been , enveloped in mystery. The farmer began a i long-winded history of the untoward event, 1 his landlord soon going off into the clouds. '.The last words of the narrative were — " And — can you believe it, my lord ?— when we mpened her, we found she had been choked By a large turnip "that was sticking in her gullet!" At that point the sympathetic but a bsent-minded landlord woke up, and said, ia rather a congratulatory tone of voice too, " AlV yes, and so you got your turnip ?' Somle time ago, says a contemporary, there lived a- gentleman of indolent habits in Sussex, who made it a business in winter season to visit his friends extensively. After wearing cut his welcome in his immediate vicinity, he thought he would visit an old <Qnaker friend, some twenty miles away, who !had been an old schoolfellow of his. On his arrival he was cordially received by the Quaker, he thinking his visitor had taken much pains to come so far to see him. He itreatse&is; friend with great attention and -politeness for several days, and as be did not see any signs of his leaving, he became un easy, but he bore it with patience till the morning of the next day, when he said to ; " My friend, I'm afraid thee will never visit me again." " Oh, yes, I shall," said the visitor, " I have enjoyed my visit very much. I shall certainly come again." " Nay," said the Quaker, " I think thee will jiever visit me again." " What makes you think I will never come again ?" asked the visitor. "If thee does not ever leave," said the Quaker, " how canst Jhee come again ?" The visitor left. 