MJ8CiLLAN£OU8s Aittrlnemenls to tesure insertion in The ffaald on the day on which they are sent liquid be to hand not later <Asn! OH 3 duo ck. IVehavp received from Mr Goorge Robert son the New Zealand Tourist, by Thomas fi'Mken; nud from the National Mutual Life Atsool ti, n their Guide to Melbuurne. A show uf goats was opened recently at the Alexandra Palace under favorable conditions, ft? less tbnn 110 animals had been collected Initio CubfiCrt hell, Prizes were offered to 'he aggregate value of L77 10s, distributed ever twelve classes. The Barooosa Burdett Ooutta exhibited a fine specimen of a Hun- Htian malo goat, probably the largest ever thown In tha country, The fishsrieu exhibition which ia to bo held at Norwich nnder the auspicaa of tho Norfolk and Suffolk Flab Acclimatisation Society has been postponed uutil Easter, 1881\. Tho Prince of Wales, tho Duke of Edinburgh, and the Dukes of Norfolk, Richmond, Grafton, St. Albnns, Roxburgh, Kotthumbeihmd, and Sutherland had given UElr patronage to the exhibition. Exactly.— .Why is the meat iii your sand- lch like the large middle olasa of society ?— Don't you nee tbat ? Well, beoauae it lies letween the upper cruet and the under- bred. Not quito what he meant.— Landlord : 'Look here, Jim Banks, that's the last drink I'll obnlk up for you." Jim Banks : . "All tight, master, if yon think you can trust to loot inam'ry ; I onn't." Josh Billings says: "A man that starts to the day of his marriage as first lieutenant io his family need re/er expect to ho pro- Btted." The mont artistic and foremost member "o tailor's establishment Is, of necessity, the .very toe who tiicks the leaBt olosely to his work, Why at? Because he ie always cutting out. Bscevil nr.—"! guvehnn a good start," tithe ghost said when he. had frightened a . little Guy. AQuslifird Judgo.— Squire. Horsnail, M. ;P-i (who hud been insp-otirg tho Board School) Well, good-by, ahildor. Yer read) OfU. bii' yer spells woll ; but yer ain't sot 1= mix v» " Scoi.c— Sh pes of a Highland hill. Coakr ey (Ms firs,' trip to the Highlands, but, of aourse, Jod hcat.d a great deal about those foarfut j'ogulotB, .tho Highlanders, at his olub, you tnow) : Well, Toogal, this was a fino'morn. 'eg the nlghO previous, whatever, no more, and 'hell hope slut he's well hereafter.?'1 Toogal ''(nverely) ; " Ab, ma young naon, Toogal i5»ybo'HsU»n, but she'll no be so lleelah as'n that," 