Was it a Nightmare ? A TOTING English lady who is said to possess remarl able intelligence and hereditary acumen, relates i NOTES AND QUEMES the following strange persons experience in an old Yorkshire mansion : " What I am going to relate," she says, " happone to myself while staying with some North-oountr, oeusins, last July, at their house in Yorkshire. I ha< spent a few days there in the summer of tho previou year, but without thon hearing or seeing anythin; out of the common. On my second visit, arrivin early in tho afternoon, I wont out boating with som of tho family, spent a very jolly ovoning, and finall; went to bod-a little tired, perhaps, with the day' work, but not tho least nervous. I slept soundly un til between 3 and 4, just when tho day wa beginning to break. I had boen awake for a shor timo, when suddenly tho door of my bedroom openei and shut again rather quickly. I fonoied it might b ono of the servants, and called out, ' Come in. Aftor a short time tho door opened again, but no om carno in;-at least, no ono that I could seo. Almos at tho same time that the door opened for tho socon< time, I was a littlo startled by tho rustling of som< curtains belonging to a hanging wardrobe, whicl stood by tho side of the bed ; the rustling continued and I was seized with a most uncomfortable feeling, not exaotly of fright, but a Btrangi unearthly sensation that I was not alone, I had had that feeling for some minutos, whet 1 saw at the foot of tho bed a child, about savor or nine years old. Tho child soemod as if it wore or the bed, and came gliding toward me aa I lay. H was the figure of a little girl in her night dresB-s littlo girl with dark hair and a very white face. ] tried to speak to her, but oould not. Sho oamc slowly on up to tho top of tho bed, and I then saw her face clearly. Sho seemed in great trouble ; hej hands wero clasped, andhor eyes wore turned up witt a look of entreaty-an almost agonized look. Thor slowly unclasping her hands, aho touohod me on thc shoulder. Tho hand felt icy cold, and while I strove to speak she waa gono. I felt moro frightened aftoi tho child was gone than boforo, and began to bo vorj anxioua for tho timo when tho aorvant would make her appearance. Whethor I slopt again or not ] hardly know. But by tho time tho Borvant did come I had almost persuaded mysolf that tho whole affaii waB nothing but a very vivid nightmare. Howover, when I came down to breakfast, there were manj remarks mado about mo not looking well; it wai observed that I. waa palo. In anawor I told mj cousins that I had had a moat vivid nightmare, and I romarked, if I was a believer in ghosts, I should imagine I had seen ono. Nothing moro was said ai the time upon thia subject, except that my host, whe waa a doctor, obaorved that I had better not sloop in the room again, at any rato not alone. "So tho following night one of my cousins slept in the samo room with me. Neither of us Baw or heard anything out of the way during that night oi tho early morning. That being tho caso, I persuaded myself that what I had soon had boen onlv imagina tion, and, muoh against evorybody'a expressed wish, I insiatod the next night on Blooping in the roora again, and alono. Accordingly', having retired again to tho samo room, I was Kneeling down at tho bedside to say my prayers, when oxactly tho samo dread aa before came over mo. Tho ourtains of the wardrobe swayed about, and I had tho same sonaation as pre viously, that I was not alone, I felt too frightened to stir, when, luckily for me, one of my oousins came in for something which she had left. On looking at mo sho exclaimed, ' Havo you soon anything?' I said ' No,' but told hor how I folt; and, without much per suasion being necessary, I loft the room with her, and novor returned to it. When my hostess learned what bad happened (aa sho did immediately) she told me I muBt not sleep in that room again, as tho nightmare had mado snoh animnroasion on mo. I «hould imagine, BIIO said, all sorts of things, and make mysolf quito ill. I wont to another room, and during the rost of my visit (a wook) I was net troubled by any re appearance of the littlo girl, " On loaving, my cousin, tho eldest daughter of tho doctor, went on a vlait with mo to tho house of an undo of mino in tho samo county. AV o etaid there for about a fortnight, and during that time tho ' little girl' was alluded to only as my ' nightmare. ' " In thia I afterwards found there was a little reti cence, for, just before leaving my uncle's, my cousin said to mo : 'I must tell you something I have boon longing to tell you ever sinoe I left home. But my lather desired mo not to tell you, as, not being very strong, yon might bs too frightened. Tonr nightmare was not a nightmaro at all, bnt the apparition of a little girl.' She then went on to toll me that this ' little girl' had been seen three times before, by three different members of tho family, bnt as thia was some nino or ten years since, they had almost ceaaed to think anything about it until I related my oxporienoos on the morning after tho first night of my second visit. " My cousin further went on to tell mo that her younger sister whilst in bsd had ono morning, about daybreak, to hor great surprise, aeon a little girl with dark hair, standing with hor back to her, look ing out of the window. She took this figure for her littlo sister, and apoko to it. Tho ohild not reply ing or moving from hor position, sho called out to it, ' It's no uso standing like that ; I know you ; you can't play tricks with me.' On looking round, how ever, she saw that her littlo siator, tho one Bhe thought ehe was addressing, and who waa sleeping with her, had not moved from tho bod. Almoat at tho same time tho child passed from tho window into the room of her (my cousin's) sister A-, and the latter, aa she afterward declared, distinctly saw the figure of a ohild with dark hair standing by the side of a table.in her room. Sho spoke to it, and it in stantly disappeared. Tho ' littlo girl' waa subse quently again seen, for the last time boforo I saw it, by my cousin's father, Dr. H-. It waa in tho early daylight of a aummer'a morning, and ho waa going upstairs to his room, having just roturnod from aprofoasional visit. On this occasion he saw the same ohild (ho noticod its dark hair) running np tho atairs immediately boforo him, until it reached I1Í8 room and entered it. When ho got into tho room it was gone. " Thus tho apparition had been seon three times hythe family, and onco by me. I am tho only one, however, that has soon ito face. It baa also nevor been seen twioo in tho same room by any ono elie." 