BACK FROM TEE G It AVE. (By S. J. A.) Tho evil that men do lives after them." —Shakkspkarf.. It is now some two years and nine months sinco I from the " terrestial world" have onco more.to earth become visitant. Tho ghost of Hamlet's father has already in formed you that I am debarred tho privilege Of divulging the secrets of my prison-house, or I could a tale unfold which would en lighten tho world as to how heavenly bodios govern themselves, but sinco I must to earthly subjects alone contino myself, IIow do 1 tind dear Victoria, Australia's fairest daughter? Alas! "What a falling oil* is there !" Chaos reigns supreme— " That Paradise for working men, a myth! Yet, for place and pay, to keep the game alive, A band of political demagogues alone do strive." On the 11th of May, 1877, I saw from afar one Berry handle tho reins of Government, Oh! if I could see now as then. Surely Nemesis will overtake the tyrants on tho 28th instant. " What did 1 see," asks my earthly interrogator I I can but answer in a mournful strain— " Giro mo but fifty followers at my back, And I reform will carry in a crack. With sixty followers, if not more, I find Victoria as far oil" as before." 'Tis hard, very hard, to see a country in danger of being ruined and yet be unable to take part in earthly strife. Visions of mis government Haunt before my gaze, while in red letters stand— Read, mark, and inwardly digest, While I this Ministry's actions put to the test; Although no poet do I profess to be, In doggerel their actions you can plainly see. First, then, the Goulburu Valley Kail way they passed in a jiffy,' Not till they found their mistake out in com mittee; Captain Mandeville'o appointment next wo scan, With Lieutenant Tandy as his right hand man; At tho Volum rebate, even Longmore smiled, While the Gcelong elector Berry beguiled; Of election committees, Britannia held the scales— Levieu, Mackay, and Gillies can tell their own tales; Honest returning officers—Dr. lvuaggs, to wit— Stuffed rolls to these did not matter one bit; Fisher, tho barrister, was barely paid enough, Which made M'Intyro cry " Hold on, Macduff!" To subsidize the papers was all the go, Tho Telegraph, advertisements will plainly show; A continuous brake, fostered by the State, For raking and breaking 'tis good at any rate; Sixty-thousand Woods lias spent, if not more, III inventing big holes, as an eyesore; In matters of liuanee, we aro an fait, Our four and a-half percent, loan points to what I say; Black Wednesday, so called, is a bright day to Berry While a champion is found in the candidate Sterry; Tho working man's friend reduced the wages I say, And advised them to acccpt four bob a day; No terror exists in the Civil Service just now, A family party is there, for retrenchment we vow; A million more expended stares us in tho face, With a'tax handicap to keep us out of the race; With starvation around, the embassy money was spent, While tho patriot Berry home to Chelsea was bent; One, Cuthbert, retired—so ashamed of his crew, Honest' Ministers grabbed to get at his screw; Longmore, the farmers' friend, without doubt, Sent them, like others, all up the spout. A Saturday's election, just to please the Jews, For our Government would give all religions its dues; Of flaming houses, we've been threatened in galore, By patriots (!) whose like no country e'er saw before; Martyrs for self, Sir Bryan's a true sample, Surely, in a young country, he's a glorious ex ample; A thousand grosser iecds, we've yet to learn, When succeeding Ministry the public exchequer discern. Thus you will see why I have revisited earth; but I must now away, for the wind howls, and the cockcrows—'tis meet I should away. The avenger is at hand, and the days of the Berry misrule ara numbered. 