ISqdd notes. ST. J. BOHEMIAN. • i; ,;a,.Thb Premier has returned safe again to Bris i,,,iane,and a great weight has been taken off mind of-Palmer and Buzacott. The fact is . .that this wedding of his tour was getting j*"1'tp hi bo protracted that his colleagues here s V / began to get fidgetly. Not that' thoro is the slightest dangor of the Opposition ousting them from office; but such unconscionable delay of ' n lbB public business for privato business and ? jibes' occasion to tho enemy to blas 1 ' ptieme—and that is not pleasant. Not, mind t you, that I wish to insinuato for one moment • ; -that Mr. M'llwrnith has been frittering the whole of his holiday-time nway in personal " ; pleasure and private business. Oh, dear no! "He is too much of a politician for that. It ' roll be seen when tho House meets, by those >< 1 .who do not see it now; that all tho time of his 'absence he has been directly and indiroctly " : studying the interests of his prirty»and class, ,it i*ni contriving means to bind them together \- to him in bands of triple steel. That is | f'h. why there is no ghost of a ■ obnnco ol the • " 'Liberals ousting the Ministry this session. f? The squatters must stict to' him like grim ' . ^death to a dead nigger. All their interests and I : > privileges, present and prospeotivo, dopend upon '"his retaining office and carrying into eficot the schemes he has initiated while away. Thoro ; isth# extension of tho three trunk lines of rail ■ .way for the sole benefit of the western squatters : , .at the expense of tho non-pastoral publio,.with out jeopardising in the slightest degreo the • tenure ot those western runs or increasing the V,'-rents. There is the £55,000 per annum Bub for seren years to a line of steamers chiefly J .-h to.cahjr their frozen meat to England; beoause \- ^'b.eYerybody is aware that as a mail service it is ' .''/-"utterly" worthless to nino-tonths of tho popula Hon of the colony, and will not bo used by one fourth of them,'for tho Bimplo reason that tboy I' ls-'lIlhe aWe to send and roceiTo letters in much i low time and with more cortainty byotherrout.es; and for encouraging a direot import trade they "ill be worthless, bocausa our importers oan . . get their goods much chcnper, and with more • : .certainty, by the Orient steamers to Sydney or \- -Meltiouniei and by coasting steamers for tho ,<;,Kteit of tho distance. But, to develop the v"., 'I'°z'n meat trade, which oannot benefit any- : . i. . Vut the big squatters, this lino of steamers . will bs admirable! And then, there is that j ^•Vnifioenfc enterprise of a transcontinental! Milway ta tho Bull of Carpentaria, on tho land 1 grant system, which will practically hand over in fee-simple for over tho* whole of a broad .holt. Of country on each side of the railway through the ccntro of tho colony, at a price so- low that it can be retained as.pastoral oountry for generations to come, and settle ment be staved off in the most effectual mannor. This, if it can only be carried into effect, will bo the crowning glory of M'llwraith, as it will seourc tho permanent ascendency of . the eqnatter in this colony on tho firmest possible basis. Of course, it must bo carried into effect now that tbo squatting party in the House ore strong enough to do it, and these are tha reasons why the Premier's party are so well satisfied with his trip to Eng. land and America; Eti", it is just as well that hb has returned to stop the mouths of altra. bilious " Libs.," who can buzz and sting if they cannot do anything worse. So sure aB I mention a parson in these " Notes" I am bonnd to get into trouble—and yot I am constantly doing it. If I start a mdttor of a dozen or even twenty-four' miles away from all prisBtsof every denomination,one or more of them sro certain to come'waltzing down my pen and into my mannsoript long before I' am through with it. I cannot Btop them; They are as obstinate and erratic with me as King Charles'head was with poor Mr. Dick and his petition. It is my fate, I suppose, and, therefore I must endure it, but it is jolly hard, mind you. There was that twioe-bBp tised Chinaman for instance. If bap tism be tho absolutely^ essential' rite which the Church of England and the Chufoh of Home affirm in the most solemn manner; and if one of those churches ia in deadly error on the' subject, as eaoh church - affirms —also in the most solemn manner; and that poor .Chinafhan got his baptism mixed —as is proved to he the case—was not some body to blame for it f I said tha Roman Catholic prisst "sneaked in and baptised the man before the Church'of Fngiand clergyman was aware of it. ' This was a mistake of mine, for .whioh I sincerely 'apologise to Father Fouhy.' Bat the Rev. Mr. Black says that Father Fouhy and his'Bishop sneaked in and baptised him ia few hoars after he had per formed the rite—and sqnndly rates me for irreverence, eeoffing at religion, and everything which is bad. Where am I to blame, except in making' tha mistake about tbe order in which the thing was done,' and in charging Father Fouhy with sneaking in to Mr. Black's convert, when it appears that the poor heathen had been so. ill- prepared that he did not know whioh'was the true Christianity and which was the false one, so he very naturally con cluded to bo baptised by'both, so as to make sure—if possible—and begged of Bishop O'Quinn to perform, tho ceremony in his way after it had been performed by Mr. Black. This is not scoffing. If Mr. Black's form of baptism bo the essential rite he affirms, I say that Chinaman was placed in deadly peril, by tbo neglect-of either Mr. Black himself or his Chinese catechist, in not warning the condemned man of the frightful danger of Popery. It looks like an attempt on the psrt of Mr. Black to divert attention from his own sins and shortcomings by rating me for " mak ing a jest of most sacred things," when, infacti I simply put the mattor into plain and nnmis takablo English. I contend that according to Mr. Black'B own showing, " The miaohii-f of it is that it is still doubtful whether the poor,- Chinaman was not launohed into etor nity half Papist, half Protestant, with a taint of--heathenism still about him." That was tho climax ot my argument to which exception is taken, and that] argnment is not impaired in tho slightest degree by the fact that the ceremony was performed first by a clergyman of the Churoh of England, and sub sequently by a Roman Catholic bishop, instead of tho othor way about. Father Fouhy's lettor emphatically confirms my conclusion. No, I shall not apologiso to Mr. Black. If he really believes-what ho teaohes, either he or his lay. Chinese catechist are in tho wrong, and will havoto suffer for it, and I object to bear aDy part'of tho.blame. I have not a very-high opinion of Chinamen myself, either Christian, half- Christian, or wholly heathen.. My own private opinion is that they are much of a muchness anyway, in this world, at all evonts. I fancy thoir bump of veneration, pbrenologically speaking, is very Bmall, and lam absolutely 'certain that they are not overburdened with conscientiousness. I do not wish to insinuate that they aro singular in this respeot. I know Europeans who would feol themselves grossly insulted if told thoy wero not Christians, yet who have no reverence for anvthing or anybody, oxcopt they CHumake something by it, and whose ewoin testimony I should -be loath to accept on any subject ia whioh their pononal interests wore deeply in- ! volvcd. Bnt, two blaoks do not mako a white, and tho " You'ro another " argument, is not ooncluiive- as to tho innocence of tho person aoouied. In other words, tho faot that some Europeans have I'ttle regard for the eacrednese of an oaih is no justification for tho Chinaman to forswear himself whenever ho thinks it is convenient to do bo. . Bnt thero ia evory reason to bolieYO that " Jolrnny"- is troubled with very few qualms ofconacloncs whom he "fibs" in a court of justice to get the best of a " looloopoan," or a countryman for that matter. The calm and serene manner in which Chinamon are ready to take any prescribed oath whioh may be required of thorn, raises a bus picion of their sincerity under any circum stances, more especially with those who know well, from past experiences, what magnificent and stupendous parrerters of tho truth they are in their daily walk and conduct. I find this view confirmed by what occurred in a court of jnstice in a neighbouring colony: A Chinese witness, on being asked how he swore, replied, " Mb blow im lite, smell im Bible, cut im cocky s'elp im God, brake im plate—all same swear •m." Exactly so. " All samo swear im " to "Johnny," and all of equal worthlessncss: in securing the truth from him, if he did hot fee' disposed to tel'.it. \- But with all their sins and shortcomings nobody can say that Chinaman are proud and stuck-up, or fastidious and hard to please. Thoy are not so bad as somo Polynesians in this respeot. To tell the simple honest, trnth a majority of the Polynesians employed in and around Brisbane are fast developing into blooming swells of tho first magnitude; as proud as psacoeks and as supercilious as a pinch-beck aristocrat. Queensland slavery seems to agree with them wonderfully well. One of this oppressed and down-trodden race, walked up to the bar of one of tho principal hotels in Brisbane the other night and called for a drink. The landlord and landlady, choice specimens of the. Hibernian race, both happened to be behind the bar at the time, and the landlord, seeing this "buck nigger" got hp so extensively, thought he would " take a rise, out of him" for the amusement of the company present. Pull of this mischievons fun,he asked the Polynesian where he came from, who he had been working for, how muoh money he had saved, and other particulars of a like character, all of which were answered with an artless simplicity land candour which made the replies exquisitely mirth-provokingi Then the landlord, who kept a "serious faoe all. the time, went on to ask "Tommy" why he did not marry a wife and Battle down In the eolony for good and all? Then Tommy smiled a child like smile and said; 1' He no mally here, me no get enr woman good 'nnf—only- iliih woman havee me, me no mally ilish woman—no fear." The landlord did not laugh at Unit reply either, although the rest of the company seemed very much tiokled by it. And Tommy—well he just slid out from that bar in a hurry without stopping to take his liqnor. Prom a few per sonal remarks addressed to him by that landlord he concluded that his custom was not required at.tbat hotel. And it waB well for him that ha did so. . As the landlord vary truly observed afterwards, these Polynesians are being petted "and pampered to that degree that there will be no keeping them within proper bounds by-and by. That is so! The idea of this half civilised blackfellow, whose father and mother were cannibals, without doubt, and who might himself in boyhood's happy hoars have in dulged a little in that way—the idea of this upstart calmly assorting that he did not con sider an Irishwoman good enongh to he hie wife! And telling an Irishman this, who could buy a hundred such and scarcely miss the money 1 Oh, mother of Moses! After this comes the deluge, or chaos. 