'/'AMU8EMENT8.. .-., Mr. Wyliert Eceve is an admirable actor, pofsessed of gentlemanly tastes and instincts^ and with legitimate' claims to be regarded asl scholarly. Something superior to mere stage! device, and those hackneyed sensationalisms: that. have converted tlie stage into a carpen-, tcr'u raree (show, was therefore expected at his handu when the announcement was made that; a new piece entitled For Life, written by. him,.1 was to bo produced at the Theatre Royal oil-' Saturday, night last.: We confess to Borne dis-. appointment at the 'result. The piece Wa3not| worthy of Mr. Keevenor of the Royal, even though it was splendidly mounted and the parts well filled and capably acted. It failed . to strike one as having -been written for any; I other, purpose limn to introduce a bush' fire, ja! j flood, a kangaroo and other colonial eliarfic teristics, without much regard to plot, literary: style, sentiment or portraiture of character. It was mainly noticeable' as' a production 6f 1 1 tlie, mosaic order, that is a piece of patcb-j work, the materials of which were drawn! fj-om Bourc'cs exceedingly obviuus. It was: I devoid of a singlo humorous situation, a\\-\' though the play was written for an Iriahman'j j whose speciality, is in comic .lines! Tho dea-.l; ? level of couveruational platitudes was not!; even relieved, as well ns we can remember, by( '?? a single dash of real sentiment ; and the scene! upon the Sandridgc wharf of a pair of : 1 lackadaiscal lovera swearing eternal fidelity I before Iho crowds of officials, cabmen, new'! cbuma, man-catchere, applo vendon- and;' loafers generally, was a spectacle for men and j gods. We do not comment upon the produc-ij tion in acaptious spirit.; It would he a pleas- '! ing task to be able to compliment Mr.. Reeve,-' for. as a rule ho deserves nothing else. But toil speak of For Life as other thanji a very ' ephemeral composition would! ! bo to stultify ourselves. Tliere are a|! prplogiio and four acts accessary to tell tlio;: story , of the 'play, ' and at the close of'i' each the, curtain falls oh some highly sen-1! satibhal incident, which of course tells power- jl fully upon tho-emotions of .tho audience, Tn|l tha'fiwt act or ia-ologue the audience is Jn-il ti-bdtjccd to: the Jpassongei-8 who have ar-'J :riveil.--;'-by';.-ai-;;cnii{{rant-.-,' vessel. The time -I ?iasuiiposod .to bV during the early history of | the; colony; ? but., Sandridgc Pier, .the port of: iiriiyjl, .is, ijliowji in ; a ?very jnodern aspect, rendered afterwards moi'b bo* by a view of the at^iner.Gein'crossiiig over.to^ WiUiainstowii. ;Ainbngst rtlio passcu'ge'rs -'cite ' Miriam' West ;(AUBH- Tlora''Aii8tcad);*Mik'e O'Connor ^Mr.: Kiggs), and George p'Kennedy (Mr. Apple- : .'.ton),' ifoster Brotlier^Morris C'ronston (Sir. -W; C Carey)',* 'Jcrbmidli 'Smdll'^ones'' (Mr. breviUeJj'aad^Mrs. SmallBonea (Mrs,- Brycr). * Miriam ^Vest.iB.'i.ri 16Ve with O.ebrge O'Ken j inedy; but 'Cranston, the 'villain of the piece, ; - with the ; object of : gaining ; the . girl- ln'mseU,r ; clinrgoa IConnedy with having stolen a number ; of sovereigns, from tho.ship. Almost in tho ' same brdftth/ however, the-tables arc turned Tivpon.hirn by Mike O'Connor, who was a wit ness of the theft, and who denounces Cranston himself as the thief. In the next act, which is. s.ux-pq3pd to occur some' few years later, the curtain rises upon the camp of the emigrant1), who arejourneyingto Black Swan Creek, a place whore Mike is said to have found. gold. .Cranston, who baa sorved. his time in gaol, makes his appearance in the camp accompanied by two' leaser villains of the comic order, and .suceeetlain (stealing the ohild of Miriam, who, by tliis time'; has become Miriam O'Kennedy. Tlie rccdyeryiof the child, which is accomplished in , the follow jng act, is mode the opportunity for ,a somcwhat:i novel mechanical effect. CranaWn !iind his mates are encamped near a ,Jagoon,-t:!-v|iore, from somo unaccountable reason,' their hut becomes inundated, and in a rSmarfrdbly short space- of ' time the whole plice assumes .a billowy occan-liko.ap]'earanee : more adapted to the,, foundering ,p£..a_yeisael' tiidn'the flooding of a hut.' To erowii all, the triisty'iSiiice.'- is' seen ' floating ' with the child on the waves . towards the ? Murray River, as, the audience aro afterwards, in-, ?formed. ??,? As ' a ' 'ineahonicol effect the scene was excellent^ though decidedly Unnatural. More excitement, howevor, still remains in Btorp.- :-i After the iirandation- adventure the audience arc treated to a Bcenc in the ranges, witli'a cKS in the foreground and wooded hills in? the background,- stretching;fdr -away- into J,be. distance. ? 'Here, a fight occura. between (Sranston and O'Kennedy, , and the latter is uponthe.point of '?being hurled into a chaani below; when Mike opportunely arrives on the height of the cliff, and, coining tb the assistance !of: his .-'foster-brother,: topples the yillain headlong ..iowr the ' rooks. _: This victory hag' scarcely , been obtained when the bush 'takes 'fire, and everyone lias to fly.for;his or her life, /leaving the -.vanquiBhed Cranston; to,pei;ish in the flames. The last ?act represents Black Swan Creek Diggings, 'wherelO-'Kerinedy and Tiis wife, together with Mike., -are ? prosperously ? engaged, and where MiuainVi-ecei ves the pleasing nitelligcnco.tbat she lias come into a handsome fortune. - Mr. Riggs' make? a very acceptable Irishman on all occasions, rind as 'Mike he threw all 'his; ability into the: part to give it spirit,- and if possible go. Tliere v/an nothing, howevor,- in tlic part that could enable hini to raise it above the veriest 'mediocrity. Mr. Appleton had a congenial »'b?e os-tbe foster-' bwther;: and !Miss Ansfpad did .all : that could be expected to render1 Miriam ... : of- gushing ? interest. Sir.' ,Deeriug was' yeiy. : successful, as : the Jew.,- Mr. ?, Greville : generally - has' only to '; speak' to. create . meniment in the liouse. r.Still. as Smallbones . (why select ?-? so r.opulsjvo anuj unineaniiigv [a name, Charles DIckenB notwithstanding?) he seemed con strained; 'if -hot-ill at 'oaso.- He was 'riot felicitous andhc' feltit. ; A comedian, however clever, must /have something, to., go upon. Tlierb are limits to gag, by moans of which a good actor can, -without much detriment to the text, give a helping hand over the stile to an author weak on the stumps. Mr. Carey as usual made a magnificent villain, and tho utter dis regard which ho displayed for all the bones in Ilia biidy in Ringing himself off the edge of a precipice, .and subsequently his tumbling into thomidBt of a bush fire, aud disappearing in sparka as though he had been filled with gun powder, like an antique Cluy li'awkes, was some thing: for. the gallery boys to behold and treinble'.--' Tho Juvenile Pinafore at the Academy of Music lias proved a remarkable success. It lias i drawn onormouB homes and pronjises to bave a: long and prosperous run. , At the Opera House on Saturday and Mon day the Grand Duchess was repeated. On Tuesday Flotow's charming work Martha was performed, Madame Rose Horace assuming the part of Lady Harriet, of which she gave a graceful and highly Batisfactory representation. The well-known air, The Last Eose of Summer, which has now come to be regarded as Umoist part of the opeta, was sung with fine expression, and an enthusiastic encore -was insisted upon. Miss Lambert appeared at her eaxe with the music scored for Nancy, and also acted witb good judgment. Mr, A. Beau mont, ai Lionel, was in fair voice, and sang throughout with his accustomed success. Mr. Templeton, as Plnnkctt, exerted him self creditably. In Mi-. Arthur Howell's hands tho comic traits in the part of Sir Tristan were not neglected ; and . Mr. ii. Xevison in the small character of the major was appreciably effective. Dcr BVcisclmtz was produced for tlie first time during the present season on Wednesday, Misa Els.i May appearing aa Agatha. She ctm hardly be said to'have.giv'cii the part due prominence, though hor voice was heard to good advantage. Tlie seena; Softly Sighs, was her best vocal effort. M.adnme Hcraue undertook the part of Anne, and her rendering was much admired. Mr. Beaumont waa also in good voice, and con tributed greatly to the general success. Mr. Templeton, was excellent as C.ispar, while tlio other characters were most credit ably' sustained, and the choruses yiven with spirit. Tho orchestra deserves special mention for the admirable manner in which they gave Weber's weird music. The tenth of the scries oi Patti concerts on Saturday evening, in the Town Hall, was well attended. Madame Carlotta Patti, who was not ill very good voice, sang the aria l_'an- no me from Verdi's Rigolotto, a tarantella 'expressly, composed for her by Bevignani, Where the Bee Sticks, and Coinin' Thro' tlie .Bye, the last two numbers being en cores. She also sang, with Si^uor Ciampi Ce!laj, L'lc-intom'B duet, La Riconcilia y.ione. Mr. Dc Munck's violoncello solos were n fantaisio by Servais, and a roiimnesea, one of tho -|uaint nml stately 10th century dances. He was also associated with Madame Ttuca, piano, in a duet, liriiincrung, by R.'ifF, and played in each selection with sucl\ masterly effect aud evinced such admirable artistic perception that he was accorded the heartiest applause nml .several t!mc» ro-cal!ed. Minlamo Tata's pianoforte perforniances were highly Batisfactoi-y. Signor Ciiimpi Cell.ij, by rcfjueit, again sang Sun o ver, ? for which he obtained enthusiastic 'applause. Mr. Crain, the new tenor, sang M/ap pari from Martha, nnd the well-known ballad the Bay of Biscay. On Tuesday evening the bentfit tendered to Madame Patti took place. There was an unu.iiially ehoico anil varied bo lection embodied in Iho progrimuno, and in addition to the . rfstea with- whom the attendnnte at the concerts liave become fa mib'ar, Sigiiora Afargherita Venosta, Si(jijorl ? Ortori and ' Paladini, and the membera of t)ia; Melbourne Liedortafel strengthened the cow-' biidtibn considerably. .Madame Patti's first' contribution was Handel's aria, Let thj , Bright Seraphim, tlio effective rendering of whicii was heightened by the comet' obligate' played in a mostablemanner by Mr. T. Wilson. The Lost Kose of Summer was; given in re sponse to an encore. A serenado by Gounoi!, Viens mon C'ceur, to which a violoncello obligate was played by Mr. E. Do Mnnclr, was also very pleasingly sung by Madame Patti and encgreil, the acknowledgment being the rendering of Comin' thro' tho Rye.'- Mr, DoMunok's violoncello contributions were-, remarkable for the fine tone produced from the instrument. They were an Adagio He verie, by Vieuxtcmps, adapted by Mr. ? D6 Munck, and Abend Lied, by Schumann. Signer Cellaj has never been listened to with wich'' real pleasure as when he sang the recitative and aria, Lascia Ch'io Pianga, from Rinalilo,. by Handel. Sudi a performance has rarely been .heard in the city, and Signpr CeHa£ jyas niost heartily applauded at the conclusion.1 In 'response j to a recall', he gave]:a Spahisli' song. The conti-ibutioW by Sisnidra Venost/i, Madame Tasca, Mdlle. Charbonnet, Signer Paladini, Signor Ortori and the. Melbourne Liedcrtafel were highly, appreciated by the audience. _''..'.' ' ' . '?' ' , The concert given in the Town, Hall on Tliursday evening, for the beneBfc of Mr. IJrneBfe De Munck deserved a better attendance than waa bestowed. Piatti's fantasia on airs from' Sonunmbula, whicii was played by Mr. Bo Munck as bis introductory piece, -ivau :m undonbtel treat ; and later in. the -.iev€nin-r Clibnhi'e Nocturne, Popper's Papillon, {.ii.l Alary's Lac de Como wero each rendered witb.sucli sympathy as to arouse the admira tionof the entire audience. Mada'mo Patti was riot in such good voice as when she sang before, and although her contributions — Eandeggei-'s La Stella and Mattel's La Cain-icciiisa— were each rendered with very eorr^-st execution, they were not so enjoyable ti*j might have been the case had Madnmo Patti been heard-' under more favorable cirenmstauces. Mdlle. Charbonnet played tbreo selections 'on the pianoforte, Thalberg'u adaptation of the prayer from Mo3e in Egitto. GSollinick's Streamlets Whisper, arid a Bborfe study by Bach, very brilliantly, for whicii she was heartily applauded. Sign'ora Ciam;-j Cellaj gave the scena and cavatina . O do' verd' ; anni miei, ;from ,Ernani, with, tliat artisjie' correctness, for- , which, . 3i,e, . bait previously ? beeii commended, and ilisfilay'oil the excellence of his voice xnbs£ thoroughly in Noel, a canti(jue, by Adam. . In response to an encore lie rendered the first portion of tho barearolft Gianni di Calais, by Donizetti,' %'ory pleelngly.v ..-??-?,;.,.._.?.,..;;....,...,?...._.?.... !? The qntcrtainment. given. at the Pebjue's Theatj-b by the . Mammoth Minstrels in cbn junetion with the Victoria Loftus Comedy Troupe has .been rewarded during .the season, by very large audiences, and on Saturday niglit^ whcn.the.la8t week of the engagement was entered upon, tho theatre was most liberally patronised. The programme was made up oE a varied selection oi sketches, ',;? daneea and. songs, and the. efforts of the performers wero much enjoyed. ' ' ' ? The usual Thursday afternoon organ recital was given in theTbwn Hall on 5th Miiy ; Mr. David Lee presiding at the organ. , There was a largo attendance, and a capital programme was presented. The overture to Ln Damu Blanche was well rendered; and elicited tlio warmest expressions of appreciation. Ave Afaria, by Schubert, was ' given with' a deh'cacy of expression and beauty oi tone that leivt a charm to the soothing . ransic A selection from Lohengrin was tho gem of the programme, and Mr. Lee showed liimBclf a perfect master of some of the . beautiful ; but' intricate passages with which Wagner ha* embellished that opera. This was .followed, by Mendelssohn's march, The Hero's, and the performance was brought to a close with se lections from Mozart's Twelfth Mnsa. . ',. The Drunkard's Death, a spectacular ..enter tainment, was produced at tho Tempcraoco Hall, on Saturday night, in place of tho usnal People's Concert. This story, which is adapted from Dickon's Sketches byBoz,haa been put into its present form by Mr. W. Metcalfe, who also impersonated tho part of tha Doctor svnJ Young- Warden ; the other characters wero creditably sustained, and tho choruses eltec tively rendered by a choir, under tho direction otMr.T. J. Lam hie. . ...-?'. T ? Professor Pepper's lectures at St. George's Hall continue to prove moat attractive. Th.0 ghost scenes are well arranged and worked out. An entertainment was ^'iven in tho Tcinjjer ance Hall on Monday by the ltoyal Anedtiin viau Oiilcr of Buffaloes. ? The progranun'* »;ib niitted was of a thoroughly enjoyable character, and was received with marked favor ty a numerous audience. The comedy the Bachelor of Arts waa spiritedly played, with the follow ing cast : — Harry Jasper, B.A., Mr. H. Burke ; Andrew Wylie, Mr. J?. Mnns-*'*gh ?' Thornton, Mr. T. Johnston ; Adolphus, Mr. T. Holland; Addirlcy, Mr. P. Shappere ; Mathew, Mr. ii. Cox ; Thomas, Mr. li. Gosivinkio ; Kniina, Misa Kate Vcrnon ; Mrs. Thornton, Mi«s Nellie Leeson. At tho conclusion of tho dramatic performance a conceit W'ius givvii, ia which Misi Bygate, Messrs. M. Josephson, Siemens and Jones specially appeared to ad vantage. At a meeting of the directors of the Prin cess's Theatre Company (limited), held on Thursday, it was resolved to declare another dividend of £28 per original share. The Pacific Steam Company's steamship Aconcagua, under the auspices of the Orient line, arrived again on fith May from London, via the Cape of Good Hope, having been away from here only Binco the 21th of December last, and out of this time she was a month .'?); home. This voyage she has brought out i&7 passengers, amongst whom were 24 sister* «f mercy landed fit Adelaide, aud 40 are still on board, their destination being. Brisbane. The surgeon of the ship speaks highly of the health of all on board. The s!«ip ia in her usual state of order and cleanliness, a'1' ?rased the (scrutiny of tho health and Un- I migration officers with- credit. The ''.'irgo j for this port consists of lGGi packages of sje- I ncral merchandise and the mail of 21 b.vr». 1 On leaving the Capo 8 bags of maih ? for the various Australian colonies wero I placed on lioanl. irer dates from London are I to the 20th of March, but those- have been I anticipated by those via Brindisi brought by E t'ie uKiil titt-amcr. I 