THE GREAT LAWSUIT. "We here an advocate with tho Father, Jesus j Christ the righteous."—I. John 111. STANDING in a court-room, jou say to yourself: "At this bar crime has often been arraigned; at this witness-stand the oath baa often been taken; at this jurors* bench the verdict has been rendered; at this judge's desk sentence has been pronounced.'* But I have to tell you to-day of a trial higher than any Oyer, and Terminer, or Circuit, or Supreme, or Chancery. It is the trial of everv Christian man for the life of his soul. This tiial !s dif ferent from any other in the fact that it is both civil aod criminal. The issues at 6take are tremendous, and I shall this morning, in my •ennon, show you, first, what are the grounds of complaint; then, who ire the witnesses in \--thecause, and lastly, who are the advocates. When a trial is called on, the first thing is to have the indictment read. Stand up then, 0 Christian man, and hear the indictment of the court of high heaven against thy soul. It is an indictment of ten counts, for thou has di >* rectly or indirectly broken all the ten com V * mandments. You know how it thundered on 8inai, and when God came down how the mountain rocked, and tho smoke ascended as from a smouldering furnace, and the darkness gathered thick, and the loud, deep trumpet uttered the words: ".The soul that einneth, it •hall die!" Are you guilty or not guilty ? Do not put in a negative plea too quickly, for I have to announce that " all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God. There is none that doeth good; no, not one. Whosoever • ■ shall keep the whole law, yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all." Do not, therefore, be too hasty iu pronouncing yourself not .. , This lawsuit before as also charges you with the breaking of a solemn cantt rrcl. Many & time r - did-we promise to be the Lord's. \Ve got , down on our knees, and eaid i " O Lord, I am thine, now and for ever. Jnd you keep the pro msiuf Have you stood up to the contract? I 'go back to your first communion. .You re member it ae well as if it were yesterday. You know how the vision of the cross rose before you. You remember how, from the head, and the hands, and the side, and the feet, there came bleeding forth these two wordB: u Bemember Me." You re-call how the cup of communion trembled iu your hand when you . first took it; and as in a sea-shell .you may hear,' or think you hear, the roaring of the surf even after the shell has been taken from the beach, so you lifted tbocup of communion, and yoU'heard in it the surging of the great ocean -of a Saviour's^agony; and you came forth from that cummunion-s«rvice with face shining, as though you had been on the mount of Trans figuration; and th* very air seemed tremulous with the love of Jesus, and the woods, and the leaves, and the grass, and the birds, were brighter and sweeter-voiced than ever before, .... and you said down in the very depths of your *'«oul: "Lord, Thou knowest alltnings; Thou knowest that I love Thee.'* Have you kept the bargan, 0 Christian man ? Have you not •ometimea faltered when you ought to have been true? Have you not been proud when vou ought to have been humble ? Have you not played the coward when you ought to have been the hero f I charge it upon you, and I charge it upon myself—we have broken the contract Still further r this lawsuit vtai&s; damages at y°?c hand. The greatest slander on the Christ ' S?0 ** an inconsistent professor.' The Bible says religion In one thing; we, by oiir in consistency, cay religion is some other thing; and what is more deplorable about it is that people can seo faults iu others while they cannot see 'a themselves. If you shall at any time find some miserable old gftesip, with imperfec ta. e from the crown of her head to the sole of v bxrr foot, a perfect'blotch of sin herself, ehe will go'tattling, tattling, tattling, all the years of i.ifihw^life, alx)ut ;lhe irconsistencies; of- others, baring no idea that the in inccn.-istent. herself. God save the. world from, gossip, female and \- male. I thibk the males are the worst! Now, the chariot of Christ's salvation goes on through the world; but ,it is .our. inconsistencies, my brethren, that block up tho wheels, while all along the line there ought' to have been" cast nothing but' palm' branches,, and-the shout should have been lifted:.11 Hoeanha to tho son • of David." Now you have, heard the indictment read. A« you ready to* plead guilty, or not guilty f Perhaps yon are not ready yet to plead. Then the trial will go on. The witnesses will be called, and we shall have the matter'decided. In the name of God I now make proclamation, -r* Of yes! 0,yes! Whosoever hath any. , thing to. offer In this trial in which God .is the _v plaintiff and the Christian son! tho defendant, y bt h\m\ iiow step forth and give teftimony in this solemn trial. The. first witness that I call upon the stand . ' in^behalf of the prosecution is the World—all ^'..criticaland observant of Christian character. • You know that there are people around you *. I'who perpetually banquet on the frailties of .children. You may know, if you have lived in the country, that a crow cares fcr .nothing so much as carrion. There are those ' who imagine that ont of the faults of Christians they can make a bridge of boats across the *"! • stream of death, and they are going to try it* '/ bat alas! for the mistake. When they get _ amid stream, away will go the bridge, and *• .'down will go their soul, to perdition. 0 World of the greedy eye and the hard heart, come on the stand now and testify in behalf of prosecution against this Christian soul on trial. AVhat do you know about this Christian man ? " 0says the World, " I know a. great deal about hitii. fie talks about putting his trfeasllreB In heaven) but he is tho sharpest th&n; in a trade that I ever knew. He stems to want us to believe that ho is a child of God, but he is just full of imperfections. I do not know but I am great deal better than bo is now. Oftentimes ho is very earthly, and talks so little about Christ and eo.ihhch About him self. I am very giad id testify that this is a bad mail." Stop I 0 World with the greedy eye and hard heart. I fear you aro too much interested in this trial to giro impartial evi dence. Let all those who hear the testimony of this witness know that there is an old family quarrel between these two partioa. There al ways has been a variance between the World and the Church, and while the World oh the witness-stand to-day has told a great deal of truth about this Chriatiah than, you must take it all ttith some allowance, remembering that they still keep the old grudge .good. 0 World of the greedy eye and the hard heart} that will do. You may sit dbwh.. The second-withfess I call in this case is Conscience. Who art thou. 0 Confidence ? What is your buisness ? Whero were (you born ? What are you doing here ? " 0," aays Conscience, " I was born in heaven, I came down to befriend this man; I haVo lived with him. I haVe instructed him. I have warned him. I showfed him the right and tho wrong, advising him to take tho oue and eschew the other. I hare kindled a great light in his soul. With a whip of scorpions I have scourged his wickedness, and I have tried to cheer him when doing right; and yotI am compelled to testify on the stand to-day that he has sometimes re i'ected my mission. O, how many cUps of life iavc I pressed to his lips th&t; he dashed down, and hew often has he stood With his hard heel on the bleeding heart of tho Son of God. It pains me very much that I have to testify against tMs Christian man, and yet I .meat, in behalf of Him who will in ho wiao clear the guilty % say Hub Christian man has done wrong. He lias been worldly. He hfts been neglectful. He has done a thousand things he ought not to have done, and loft undone a thousand things that he ought to have done." That will do, Conscience. You can ait down. The third-witness I call in this fcdse is an Angel ot God. Bright hhd Bhining one, what eldest AePe? What hast thou to say •against this man on trial ?"0," says the Angel, " I have been a messenger to him. I have guarded him. I have watobed him With this wing I defended him, and oftentimes, when he knew it not, I led him into the green pastures ind besido the still waters. 1 snatched frcra him tho poisoned chalices. When bad spirits came Upon him tb destroy him, X fought them back with iufinite fierceness; and yet I have to testify to-day that he has rejected my mission. He has not done as he ongbt to have done. Though I cAiUo JVorH the sky, he drove me back. ^ThoVtgh with this wing I defended him-, ahd tnough with this voiee I wooed him, I have to announce his multiplied imperfections. I dare not keep back the testimony, for then I should not dare to appear sgain amongst the sinless ones before tho great whito throne." There Is only one more witness to bo called on behalf of tho prosecution* and that Is the great, the holy, the UUgusi, the omnipotent Spirit of God. We bow down befdre Him; Holy Spirit, knowest thoii this man f " 0 yes," says the Holy One, I know him. I have striven With him ten thousand times and though sometimes he did seem to repent, he fell back again as often from his first estate. Tan thousand times ten thousand has he grieved lie, although the Bible warned him, aaying: * Grieve not the Holy Ghost. Quench I not tho Spirit.' Yes, he has driven Me back. I Thongb I am the Third Person of the 'J rinity, | he has tra- pled on My, mission, and tho blood | of the Atonement that I brought, with whi»h : to cleanse his soul, he sometimes despised. I j came'from'the throne of God to convert, and com'ort, and sanfctify, and yet look at that man and Fee what he is compared with what, unresisted, I would havo made him." The evidence on the part of tho prosecution has closed. Now. let the defence bring on the rebuttal testimony. What have you, U Chris tian sou1, to bring in reply to this evidence of the world, of the conscience, of the angel, and of tho Holy Ghost? No evidence? Are all these things true ? 4< Yes. Gnclean, unclean," says every Christian soul. What? Do you not begin to tremble at the thought of condem nation f We have come now to the most interesting part of the great trial. The evidence all in, the advocates speak. The profession of an advocate is full of responsibility. In England and the United States there have arisen men . who, in this calling, havo been honoured by their race, and thrown contempt upon those who in the profession have boen guilty of a great many meannes'es. That profession will be honourable as long as it has attuched to it such names as Mansfield, and Marshall, and Story, and Kent, and Southard, and William Wirt. The court-room has sometimes been the scene of very marvellous and thrilling things. Some of yon remember the famous Girard will case, where one of our advocates pleaded tho cause of tho Bible and Christianity in masterly Anglo-Saxon, every paragraph a [thunderbolt. Some of you have read the famous trial, in Westminster Hall, of Warren Hastings, tho despoiler of India. That great man had con quered India by splendid talents, by courage, by bribes, by gigantic dishonesty. The whole world had rung with applause or condemnation. Gathered in Westminster Hall, a place in which thirty kings had been inaugurated, was one of the most famous audiences ever gathered. Foreign ministers and princes sat there. Peers marched in, clad in ermine and gold. Mighty men and women from all lauds looked down upon the scene. Amid all that poinp and splendour, and amid an excitement such ob has seldom been eeen in any court-xootn, Edmund Burke advanced in a speech which will last as long as the English language, con cluding with this burning charge which made Warren Hastings cringe and cower: "I im peach him in the name of the Commons House of Parliament, whose trust he has betrayed. I impeach him ill tho nama of tho English nation, whose ancient honour he has sallied.- I lm- | peach him in the name of the people of India, whoso rights he has tmmpkdon.ftnd whoso I country he has turned into a desort And lastly in" tho name of human nature, in tn6 name of both sexesj in tho namo of every ago and rank, I impedoh him as the common en'eihj- and oppressor of nil." But I turn from the recital of those memorablo occasions to a grander trial, and I have to tell you that in this trial of tho Christian for the life of his soul the advocates are mightier, wiser, and more eloquent. The evidonco all being in, Justice rises on bo half of the proseoution to make his plea. -With the Bible open in his hand, he teade the law, stern and indexible, and tho penalty: " The Bonl that einneth, it shall die." Theil ho says: " 0, Thou Judge dnd Lawgiver, this is Thine own statute, and all thB evidence in earth aiid heavfen agree! in stating that this man has sihhei against all these enactments. Sow let the sword leap from its scahbard. Shall a m?»n go through the very flames of Sinni unsigned ? Let tho law be executed. Let judgment be pronounced. Lot him die. I demand that he die." 0 Christian, does it not look very dark for thee ? Who will plead on thy 6ide in so forlorn a cause ? Sometimes a man will bo brought into & court of law, and ho will have no friends and no money, and the judge will look over the bar and say: 14 Is thero'anyono who will volunteer to take this man's case and defend him f " and some young man rises up and says 1t( I wiU be his toitmel," perhaps starting on from that very" point to a great and brilliant career. Now, in this matter of the sbiilj aB yon havo.nothing to pay for counsel, do yon think that any one will volunteer? i'es; yes, I see One rising, he is a young man, only thirty-three years of age. I see his countenance Eiiffused with tears and covered ft'th blood, and all tho galleries of heaven are thrilled with the spectacle. Thanks he unto God: " we have an advocate with the Father, Jesus Christ the Righteous." 0 Christian soul, your case begins to look better. I thiuk, perhaps, after all, you may not have to die. The best adtdedje in all the universe has taken y8ur Bide. No oife was ever so qualified to defend a man as this advocate'is qualified to defend yon. He knows all the law, all its demands, all its penalties. He is always ready. No new turn of the case can surprise Him, and He will plead for yon for nothing as earnestly as though you brought a world of treasure to His feet. Besides that He has undertaken the case of thousands who Were as forlorn as you, and He has never lost a case. Courage, 0 Christian soul. \ I think that after all there may be some chance for you, for the great Ad rotate rises to make His plea.. He sk^s t "I admit ail that has begn proved against my client, admit all these sins, aye, more; but look at that wounded hand of Mine, and lookat that other wounded hand, and at My right foot, and at My left foot. ' By all these wounds I plead for his clearance. Count all the drops of My tears; Count all the drops of My blood. By the humiliation of Bethlehem, by the swfeet of Gethsemane, .by the sufferings of the cross, I demand that he go free. On this arm he hath leaned; to this* heart he hath flown ; in IXf tears he bath washed; on My rightfebtianessheiiathdepended. Let hiin go free; 1 am the ransom. . Let him escape the lash; I-took tho scourgings. , Let the cup pass from him; I drank it to dregs. Put on him the crown of life, for I have -worn the crown of thorns. Over against My cross of shame set his throne of triumph." Well, the counsel on both sides have spoken, and there is only one more thing now remain ing, and that is the awarding of the j udgment. If you haVe Over been in a court-room you know of the silence and the solemnity when the verdict is about to bo rendered, or the judgment about to*bo given. About this soul on trial, shall it bo saved or shall it bo lost? Attention! above, around, benoath. 'All the universe cries "Hear! hear!" The judge rises and gives this decision, never to be ; changed, never to bo revoked There is \ therefore Hctd no condonation to them who a^e in Christ Jesus." "The soul tbat on Jesus hath leaned for reposo, . I will not, I will not, desert to His Joea : Tbat sonl, though all hell should endeavour" to slake, Til never, no never, no never forsake." • : . But, my friends, thero is coming a day of trial in which not only the oaint but the sinner must appear. That day of trial will come very suddenly. The farmer will be at the plough, the merchant will be in the counting-room, the woodman will be ringing his axe on the hickories, the weaver will have his foot on the treadle, the manufacturer will bo walking amid the buzz of looms and the clack of flying machinery, the counsel may he standing at the bar pleading the law, the minister may be in the pulpit pleading the Gospel, the drunkard may i be reeling amid his cups, and tho blasphemer i with the oath caught between his teeth. Lo! tho sun hides. Night comes down atmid noon. A wave of darkness rolls over all tho earth. The stars appear at noon day. The earth shudders and throbs. Thero an earth quake opens, and a city sinks as a crocodile would cranch a child. Mountains roll in their sockets and eeud down their granite cliffs in an avalanche oi rock. Rivers panse in their chase for the sea, and ocean uprcaring cries to flying Alps and Himalaya. Beasts bellow, and moan, aud snuff up the darkness. Clouds fly like flocks of swift eagles. Great thunders beat, and boom, aud burst. Stars shoot and fall. Tho Almighty, rising on His throne, declares that time shall be no longer, and the archangel's trump repea's it till all the living hear and the ,• • . , . •, living hear and the continents of dead spring to their feet, crying: Time shall be no longer!" 0! on that day. will you be ready ? I hare shown you how well tho Christian will get off in bis trial. Will' you get off us well in your trial f Will Christ plead on your side, or will ho plead against you? O! what will you do in the last great nssizo, if your con science is against you, and tho world is against you, and the angels of heaven arc against you, ??' a "olJ " ugaiiut you, and tho Lord Lod Almighty is against you ? BetUr this day secure an Advocate. w ' 