BARBARA SOME, Br STEl'BEXS 1IAYWAKD. ' Distrust you !' she cried, ? how could you think' suah a thine? Do you not know how crack faith' I hare in youjyet - I would go with youanywhore, Ralph, without fear. When, do you wish me to start?' . The captain smiled strain, thinkiBg- to himself ho* easy it, was to fool a woman. ? Let me see !' he said, thoughtfully : ? my rum Andrews caiue down wiili nie. i -nill seadhim to tb.fi station to-morrow. You will follow ? ? ? Oh !' cried Barbara, ' iijd not Miss Morton tell you? She is goinj to cend m? £w:iy before the tun rises to-morrow niormn i;. 'Thedevilsheis!' ? She sent me to bed before you caine home, so that I might not tell you where 1 was (Toing.' ' Well, vrhero are yon going :-' 'I don't know. £he ? aid if sho told me, I would find some way of letthg you know before I got away.' ' She is a sensible old lady, I muat say. She sever breathed a word of this to me ; she merely intimated that I could Eotunjuse myself any fur ther with you, for she hid told you I was to be married in the spring. The plot thickens. If she is going to whisk you eff in this elmpe, I must tak* care to secure you to-night.' The captain pondered ; aad Batljiiri, content to be taken when, v, litre, and l:ow he chose, so that he was with her, amused he-i'self by watching his face, and arranging tbs t'.ps of his abundant nioust&che; in a zxe\v, and, iis sho thought, more becoming way. His brow eluared at iast ; he took her hand away, and held it fast in bis. ' Come, if you are to be a. soldier's wife, you ought to haveplenty of courage. Go to yourroo*n as quietly as a mouse would go ;. open your window ? * ? It is open already.' ' So ranch the betttr. Wrap your shawl around you, so that you may not, take cold ; put on your bonnet, soli he ready for ihe si£Diii. Andrews will come for you. I'll go and call him up now.' ' Shall you go with him ?' ?No, love. 1 must stay hero til! to-morrow ; then I shall follow yon, cmi to-aicrrow will be our weddinpr-day. Andrews will tab; the best care ot you. Why do vou tromllr: s-i, Barbara f' ? Oh, I thought I sn.w Eou;ethin;r ut thi- end of the ffallery.' 'Is onsen sc-!' ' I did, indeed. Looi, E:.lpii ! you can eoe it yourself. It's a ghost — a woman divsned in white. 1 told you it looked in ut uiy wiadow when 1 ent alone.' She clung to uim, half fiiintintr. 'he captain hiinself quahed e. little in his shoes, for tue np parition was p.u undeniKlio one- — :i Tall li^ure, dressed in o loo?e white r.-be, and bearing straight down upon them. ITc was meditating an actual fiight, when the figure spoke, and Barbara uttered a faint shriek. 20 ghosts could have been better faced by that unlucky pair tiuia that one woman of fiesh and blood — Mise Morton herself. She waB pale with an^ti- ^nd dismay, acd shook from head to foot, ? So,' she ssid, in a low voioo ; ' you tire here with him, you phamelera siiri, at this time of sight! Lesre him this iusts-iLt, and c-ome wifh me. If any one hud told this tv me, I would not have believed it!' ? I wish you would hoar mo say five words, aunt,' said the captain, trying to put the best face he could on. the matter. I Jut i-ho turned on him eo sternly, thai he Eiu'auk Lacs in spita of uimself. ' Sot one, sir, now ! To-morrow 1 will talk with you. For the present ihero are your rooms; do me the favour to go to them. J v.'iil take caruof this girl.' She took Uarliarn. by the aim as Fhe spoke, led her down tbegnllc- ry, end pushed herinto her own room. The captain heard ihu key turned in the lock; and taken iiwviv; tk«:ii his nunt returned to her own apartniait, and nil was quiet. In spite of his tasfQ he could nut help lcu^hinir. ' Put undcr urre^t, nnd in double irons— poor little devil! I niutt im^.l tlist ' hi- muttered; and he stole awiiy to liio ro :m where Andrews, hi.' confident!1*! servant, i«i siwiiiuj;. When the he:-i.]u-- of ^ istory id locked up, every one knows that the Gret busiae?s of the liero is Vj release her, at any risk, from durance vile. Cap tain Morton maij.3 gwi bis claims to the iitk-of hero by the prompt and Eensible means be uifld« use of to effect his iady-love's deliverance. U e went j as if he had been shod with the slippers of silence, to his vftlet's bedside, r^iti iiaviau roused that worthy from hia liret slumber, proceeded to take conned with him, p.s iliss jlorton had already done with Jan^, Elwot Harbani. The result of their unitrjd deliberations was this. Ab Miss Barbara sat Eiffhinpr iu her room, wrapped in her cloak, and looking ivis'i'uuy towards the open window, a head appeared there ; and, with some pains, Andrews hoisted himself upon the Bill, and entered the room. He trod as lightly as a cat, yet Barbara feared iliss Morton might awake, and held np her hand to caution him. * Don't be afraid, luieg,* he paid, in a low whisper. ' The captain's waiting for you, and all ?will go as right as a whistle.' Barbara Bhook her head dnbiouEly. ' I don't know about that. She has locked mo in.' ' And taken the tey with her ':' ?Yes.' 'The captain said he thought so.' 1 How did you get up hmaV1 'With the help of the gardener's bidder, misE. And ifs -waitiDg'EOw, if you can make np your mind to po down it, with the captain ntths bottom, ready to help you to the dry land.' * Certainlv, I can go down a ladder.' And ehe rose and felt on the toilette- table for the small bundle of wearing apparel and trinkets which she ' Zis-d made up. ' Am I to go first, or you ?' 'As you pleaso. Miss.' 'Come after me, thnn, and take care of that.' She gave him the bundle, and stepping out on the ladder, went down rapidly. Witbontoneloot at the pleasant homo she waa leaving— without one w»rd of fcind farewell for the forindwho, however groat bpr own fa.ulls niigbt be, had alwayf been gentle and tender with the orphan irirl — without one doubt as to the future, or one regret for thepast, Barbara, crossed what w&9 too Burelytho Rubicon of her life, nnd Dun^ Herself iuto her lover's arms. Andrews, left behind, looked first at the bundle and titen around the little room, whose furniture he could see dimly by the light of the coming day. ' Humph !' ho muttered, ss he descended, and followed the retreating pair. ' A duohess couldn't have ordered me to carry her piincracVs with a grander nir. And she has (jouu uit sis quietly with him jib if ehe had rue away every two weekB in. her life. A queerpine-e is Mips Barbara, or I'm much mistaken ; aad I'd rather be bi my own shoes than the captain's fix months from now.' 'Andrews!' said a Bupprecsed voioo beside Mm. He started, turned, ttnd recognised the captain. ' Miliere have you loft the choicer' ' At the old park gates, sir.' ' You have pood horses f ' ' Y. us. sir. I had to pay a good price for them, too. They are not regular posters ; they are a gentleman's horses, sir, and only lent by the land lord for this ocea&ion; ; and they are to be back before daylight, because he'll get into a ecrape if everthe gentleman finds it out.' 'I should think so. lie is a precious scamp; but I' m glad to get the horses, for all that. You \rill go, then, nnd pay him at onoe ; then come back here and pack up your thingE, and leayo the house, nnd before myauotis up. Gouptol/ondon by the first train, oud wait for me at the old place.' Andrews looked considerably astonished. ' I thought I wr.e to no with the young lady, sirr1 ?I know that was our plan, but Bliedoos not like ' Tud-?e3, sir.1' ?Xo; she says flatly she will not go if I stay hero. Between you and me, Andrews, she has a temper of her own, and 1 must humour her till 1 have her fast.' ' Yes, cir ; and a. pretty dance ? he'll lead you, if you let her begin like this!' grumbled the valet, who hada very high opinion of the, dignity of his own Bex, and never lost an opportunity of 'cspres- siscr it. i'oople said ihut Andrews had once been mar ried, and that the grey mare had been by far the uettor uoree in the domestic srable; but this, no doubt, was pure calumny, invented by his encnies. At all events, no one talked more of the inferiority of the weaker sex, or seemed better in clined to turn precept into practice, should oc casion favour, than he. His advice onthepresent occasion was, however, not welcome, as ho was speedily made to feel. Captain Morton, liko most men who are easily IcmI by women, was Eecretly ashamed of yielding; and as he oould not von his irritation upon Barbara herself (in isct, h darednot), he favoured his cnluciy valet with share. ' Confonnd it, man !' he exclaimed, ' who told you to preach ? Becinee you are a brute, is that any reason why I should be ? Go and do as I have told you, and allow me to direct my own affairs as I please. You v.-ill be in Laadcu by to-morrow afternoon.' ?Without another word the captain hurried back to Barbara, and led her down towards the gates, where a postchase was waiting. Andrews watched thuiu silently— waited till he heard the rolling wheels that announced their de parture. Then ha started on his mission, mutter ing to himself as he wont, ? We'll see, my lady ! We'll see how long you will turn things topsy tuiTy, and make him treat me like a dog, as he hns done to-night. 1 wish you joy of your wedding trip. 'Tis a pity I haven't an old 'shoe to throw af tor you, for luafs eako.' Undisturbed by Andrew's good or bad wishes, the postchaise rolled merrily away. Barbara leaned against her lover. His arm was around her waist, bis face bent down to hers as he talked, and she was happy. Whatever of good there was in her nature this man elicited. In him she had the most unbounded faith; for him she was capable of making sacrifices which she would have made for no other being under the sun. True, she valued his social position, and wqs grlad that she herself was to be raised to it. If he liad been in the place of John Home, she might have sacrificed him and her affections for the sake of rank and wealth. But even with this drawback, her love for the handsome, selfish creature wasthe noblest thing about her — so m'jch better and nobler than his, thut it shone cuile brightly by comparison. CHAPTER IV. 1H1J ELOl'EMtNT. I have fsaid that she was happy. Ko regret troubled that happiness as she sped along. She thought of Bliss Jlorton, it is true, but it was only to laugh till the luars came into her beautiful eyes, when the captain wondered what the old lady would eay when the unlocked the door the next morning, and found the room empty, and the ladder at the window. 2'hey halted at last for breakfast, and Barbara's cup of coffee was not Embittered by the thought of her benefactress searching every where for her, and weeping tuars of real anguish over her fate. Kven the captain, hardened aa hd was, could not help at last remarking upon her in sensibility. ?By George, Darbara !' be exclaimed, as they weru seated in the coupe of a railway carriage and whirling a-vay to Loudon, 'you have more pluck than half the men 1 know. 1 expected you would faint or cry, or something of that sort.' ? 'What should I faint or cry for, I should like to know r' was the cool reply. ' I am-very well satis fied with my position. -Ire not you ?' * Oh, yes, of course. But, then, women always do cry at such times.' Barbara looked rather black. ' You epeak as if you had had experience. Pray how many ladies have you doped with in the course of your life f ' By Jove, now, Barbara, that is too had !' And the captain, though half pleased with the accusa tion of gallantrr, bit his moustache, and feigned to have a fit of the sulks. Barbara made no at tempt to coax him out of theijj, though in her in nocence she believed them real. She leaned back more comfortably in her own corner, folded her Bbawl around her, and both were silent for a loug time. You would have taken them, had you by chance glanced in1o the carnage, for a young married couple rather than an elopiug pair of lovers, bo thoroughly at ease, aud so utterly unconscious of each other's presence, did they appear to be. The captain, pulling bis moustache, and humming a fragment of au opera, air in a subdued tone, was revolving certain plan:;, wliich I need not specify just at this moment, out which included a trip to thu Continent, and, ns be would have phrased it, ? uo end of enjoyment.' Barbara, also, was medi tating on pleasures to comu. She was thinking of that wondurful London, whose very existence was to her like a dream — a drtaui she was now about to realise. Sho was thinking of its streets, ita river, its theatres, its balls anddrswing- rooms. Her beauty would do njaehforher — berhusbund's birth and connections, more; and between the two, she eatr herself the idol and queen of f&shivn-; able society — dukes and earls were to bow before her footstool, as & mere matter of course; andfroin dukes and earls, her mind reverted to scandalous chronicles of olden times, ami she euiiled proudly to herself. Was Kin™ Cophetuathe only monarch who had wooed a beggar-maid? If so, then had history strangely belied some of the ancestors of that very sovereign whom she herself was bound to honour. Why should not the traditions of 1700 be revived in. her day? And what, in due tune, was to hinder a prince of the blood royal from nicking up the glove, or clasping the brace let, -ol the lieautiful Barbara Home Morton ? To do her all justice, her thoughts were only ambitious ones. These hononrs were to be won honourably. Though even a king laid his -jrown at her feet, and sued for her love, she would re pulse him with disdain. Though a thousand nobler, richer, and handsomer— if such a thing wtpe pos sible — than Kalph strove to win her heart, it should be only and for ever his ! No look, or word, or tone, ot cmile of hers, should ever cause him one moment's uneasiness, or give the world reason to tarnish her fair fame ! In one word, Barbara was going forth conquering and to con quer. She was going to offer up a hecatomb of victims at the first onslaught, yet keep her mantle free from Bpot or stain of blood. Hercules aud Samson had an easier [time with their respective 'taskB'than Barbara would have had with hers, if she could have foundao opportunity of attempt ing it. She was roused from her reverie by a remark from Captain Morton, who, like all uathcnghful men, grow weary of silenco before it had lasted very Ion. ?Isay, Barbara,' he ejaculated, putting play fully at her golden hnir, - X think you exe getting into- the dumps at last. You look as solemn as au owL' ' Do 1?' and she. smiled bright] v. 'I am not in the dumps j I was only thinking.' I ' A. penny for your thoughts, pretty one ! — or ! Etayj a kiss ! You shall have a kiss for them.' 'Thank you,' said Barbara- ' I don't cams for ouo just at this moment ; but I will loll you what 1 was dreaming about— London, and its people.' ?Indeed!' said the captain, looking slightly puzelo J. ? How on earth can you dreanj'of them I You neverwere in town in your life.' Barbara laughed, and pulled his whisker. ? You dear, Btupid thing ! I was not dreaming of people I had seen — who does that f ? unless,' she added, correcting hersulf ,— ? unless they are in love. I was dreaming of the people I am going to see.' ?Oh!' ' It will be very delightful, won't it, Kalph H' And she came closer to liim, and looked up in hiB face 'with an animated eniile. * The parties that we shall feive, the balls that you will take me to ; and then the dear opera and the morning con certs. Oh, yon «ee, I know aU abnut the amuse ments in London. I used to read the papers every day to your aunt« and wonder if you were at those places, and wiBh I oould be there, too. And sow -we ahall go together. Where shall you tateme The captain, vrho had been gazing at her with intense astonishment, now opened his lips, and gave utterance to a long, low whistle. 'Well, you are proposing to go ahead, and no mistake ! Morning-concerts — operas — bails — and parties '.' ' Yes,' said Barbara, laughing at his look of dismay; ? and you must give me a velvet dress the very first thing, so that I con make a proper appeaianoe before all your fina friends. Black velvet — no, blue would be younger and prat tier, and suit my complexion bettor. Witlipearls in my hair, and on my nock and arms, Z don't think you would be asheuied of me, even if aduke or an earl came to visit me, would you ?' 'Why, good heavens, Barbara 1' burst out the ciptain, ' do yon know what abominable nonsense you are talking ? Vest s and I l\ie velvet gowns, and dukes and earls ! If I can give you blue silk you may think yourself weil off. I am as poor as a church mouse, Barbara, and you know it.* ? ? Yes,' said thejgirl, a little abashed. ' But I have heard that in London people can live well and have beautiful things, even if they are poor.' 'You are not far wrong,' and the captain laughed, as he thought of the host of unpaid bills that were lying at that very moment in the bottom of his writing- desk. ? But the London tradesmen are so confoundedly unreasonable that after yon have adopted that plan for a time, they actually clap you into prison if they can get hold of you. And that is what they would do with me in Bix weeks, if I should take you to town and set up such an establishment as you are thinking- of. No. my pretty one ; we must go abroad, where we can buy our luxuries more cheaply. You do not object to the Continent, I suppose ?' 'No,' said Barbara, looking a little wistful, how ever, as her (light castles in the air came tumb ling abouther ears. ' I Buopose you have friendE abroad, Kalph?' ' Plenty of them.' ' Ob, then it will be quite right, and I shall be as happy there as I could be in London.' He looked at her rather thoughtfully. There was-eomething in her perfect confidence and faith that struck home to the more Runerous part of his nature, and made him feel thoroughly ashamed of himBelf. For one moment he was tempted to throw himself upon his knees before her, confess everything, and vow amendment and atonement in the future. But unlucky for hiB good resolu tions, the engino&t; that moment gave an unearthly shriek, and the train darting through a short tunnel, stopped bo-fore a dingy-looking station whose platform was crowded with people. They were in London. Barbara, somewhat frightened, even while she waa amused, at the bustle, clung to bis arm, and looked about her shyly. No one noticed them, and yet he hurried her into a cab, and drove away, just as if they had been pursued by the most impla cable of guardians, and scarcely seemed to breathe freely till they stopped beforr Iho door of a modest some distance from the city. A tidy little servant girl, with arch eyes, answered the cabman's knock, aud ushered liaibira iuto a. parlour on the ground-floor, while 2ie remained to settle with the driver. The parlour wslb furnished simply, but very neatly. There was a light paper on the walls, cor responding in colour with the folding doors and other woodwork about the room. The carpet was green — so were the moreen curtflinB at the window and the morocco sofa and arm-chair, that had each their respective corners. The table was covered with a snowy cloth, on which materials for a sub stantial breakfast were already laid, and a bright fire blazed in the grate. There was a snug, uosy atmosphere about the place that pleased Barbara, anil when the captain entered followed by a mat ronly-looking woman iu black silk, the grueted him with a charming smile. ? Not home-sick yet?' he asked, coming up and putting hia arm round her -waist. ? Not crying-, eh?* 'No,' said Barbara, cheerfully, 'but dreadfully hungry.' ?\ou unromautie little thing! Come, let me introduce you to one of my good friends. This is Mrs. Dame, Barbara, whose house has often been my home wbeu I was tired of my regular lodgings in town.' He smiled at Mrs. Dame as he spoke, in rather a peculiar fashion, but Brabara did not notice it. She was looking attentively at her hostess. To begin with, Mrs. Dame was not whaC would be called in this land of nicedistinetions, ' alady.' She was a daughter, ' not of the regiment,' but of the people. She showed her plebeian origin in the deep ruddiness of her complexion, the stout ness of her figure, the somewhat elevated tones of her voice, and a certain awkwardness of motion, which was most plainly risible in her walk. For all that she was a very good-looking person. Her hair was still abundant, and of a warm, rich, chestnut hue; her eyes were large, well-formed, blue as the summer skies, and full of h-ht and rouErishness ; her mouth u-&fj; small, full, and smiling ; and there waB a look of motherly kind ness in her faci', that went Etraight to the heart of Barbara, who, lor the first time, began to feel the loneliness of her situation. This introduction over, Mrs. Dame let the room, and the welcome breaViast was laid under contri bution. When the meal was over, Barbara eat for sometime beBidu the fire without speaking. A sense of doubt began to Bteal gradually over her mind. Now that she was under the same roof with lialph, she grew anxious for the fulfilment of his promise of marriage, and wondered how she should feel if by i.iiy chauee he refused to keep it. Her beautiful face wore an unmistakable Jook of depression, and she was buried BO deep in a brown study that she did not hcarhim speak,anditarted violently when be called her by her name. 1 What the deuce is the matter with you f ' he said, rather sharply. ' Ycu open your great eyes at me as if I were a ghost.' ? When are we to be married, Ealph ?' she asked, without heeding bis displeasure. ' Oil .'* He put his hands in his pockets, and looked at hex with a strange smile. ' Well, don't look so ill-tempered ; I have ordered the fly to the door that is to taka you to church.' It was a strange conversation for two so situated, but she did not think so at the time. 'Now ?' she said, as she leaped from her chair, and looked at him as if to ask his pardon for the distrust she had shown. ' How V he repeated. ' But you quite understand that our wedding must be strictly private. The clergyman, an old friend of mine, to whom I have already Bent a message, will be in waiting for us at the church. There is no time to lose. We must go as we are; and while we are away Mrs. Dame will be packine our trunks for our expe dition to the Continent. Come, lore, put onyonr bonnet.' 'This dress?' said Barbara, hesitating and looking at tbe plain robe she wore. ' Never mind the dress ! If you are going to waittill Mrs. Same goes on her chopping expedi tion and buys yon another, we mayaa veil give op the idea of marrying. Dop't be foolish, there's i dear Barbara. Go and 'let her smooth jour hair, md then come with ma/ Barbara, stood looking into the fire. One of those sudden impulses which, often i?oine to as we Btand upon the brink of a desperate enterprise, ?came to her. For oue moment she v.-ondernd within hargelf whetdcr it would not In better to go back, even then, to her quiet liouii-, thnn marry this man. Wero thuee impulse nlwayB 1 obeyed, I fear many a bride would turn und leave the altar Wforo the ring ehoneupen her finger. But they are not obeyed. It takes much more courage, to go back than to go forward, and so Barbara found. She 1-ft the room, put herself under the hands of Mrs. Daico, and then rejoined the c&ptftiu;, who was svalkiug impatiently up and down the room, lie handed her to the fly. lira. Da me watched theui a. moment as they drove n way , aud then, \/i\,h c vyry sad expression on her haud Bome face, hustened ofl' to make such purchases as were necessary for their journey at a ready-made clothing shop near at band. The church to which thty drove was a great, square, gloomy-looking edifies in the heart of the city. A dense yellow fog filled the streets— cold and chilly, yet penetrating to tho heart. The pavements were damp and dirty — (he houses loomed eometiiaes like great spectres through the mist, then disappeared entirely ; and cabs, car riages, and omnibuses rolled by, beard plainly, and yet scarcely see'. It waa a'dreuvy day, and, as they entered the old church.Barbara's heart sank within her. The clergyman, a morose, down look ing man, shook hands with the captain, and then went away to put on his eurplico. A withered o!d clerk came to fake tbtm to tho altar, and then gave away the bride, and the ceremony was hurried through in a tlovenly, careless wny thr.t Sieguated her. They went back into tho vestry, — the clergyman wished them joy — so did the old olerk; and the very wish made tbe whole thing eeem drearier in her eyes. They entered the carriage and drove back to tbo - Vila. Bftrbatasat pale and silent, playing w i h lit r ring, nnd wond'. r ing if all marriages were like ihit. The captaiu also was silent for a long tini--. At last he vnuscd himself from his reverie, and kissed her cheek. ? Well, ikar Barbara, it is done at fast. But what a woeful day for n. weilinp. Thank htuviiii, we eha.ll soon see the si n in r'lau.v!' She crept closer to him, and laid her h:\ud in his by way of answer. She knew fibe wan his wifo. And yet, how heavy tho heart within her breast was lying all the while. 