w "LE JEU NE VATTT PAS LA CHANDELLE." A notice appeared under the foregoing motto in our issue of the 29th May, whioh, like Banquo's ghost, was unfortunately out of both time and place. Set in type, and overlooked some months ago, it unguardedly crept into our issue by one of those oversights to whioh the best regulated journals are sometimes liable. As regards its reference to the Queensland Insurance Com pany, Mr. Punch cannot do better than quote the following extract from the Half Yearly Eeport of the Company, submitted to and passed by the shareholders — there being but three adverse votes — at the last Half Yearly General meeting held in Brisbane : — " The action of some of the shareholders in endeavouring, by public circular, to effect a winding-up of the Company, is viewed by your Directors with much regret, as any such course, at the present period of the history of the Company, is absolutely prohibited by the deed of settle- ment, except under the condition ' that £10,000 of the paid-up capital of ' the Company shall have been lost by misfortune or otherwise.' So far, however, is this from being the case, only £9,454 of the nominal capital of the Company has been called up ; while upon this amount the Company has been successfully worked for 18 years, has met all its losses, paid handsome dividends, capitalized one pound per share of the Reserve Fund, and has still to credit of reserve a sum of £8,750. Your Directors believe this to be a history of success almost without precedent ; a success which they do not think will be materially interrupted by the present competition for business, and consequent reduction of ruling rates." Mr. Punch scarcely need refer to his unvarying sympathy with colonial enterprise, having as creditable a tenure as that upon which the Queensland Insurance Company is based. If he has depreciated low rates and, perhaps, want of caution in our own local companies, it has been with the good intent of adding to the warnings which they have received in a still more practical shape, and he is glad to observe that such warnings have had their effect. M — — 