ROMAN PICTURES. THE MARTYRS OF THE COLOSSEUM. [BR THE REV. W. R. FLETCHER, MA] In my last paper I gave some account of the building of the Colosseum, and the purposes for which it was originally designed. In this paper I wish to sketch its history in connection with the Christian religion, to which it owes at once its destruction, and the preservation of the ruins as a sacred relic among the fragments of heathen architecture that are around it As we think of those horrid Roman customs of which I gave an account in my last paper, we can well imagine that Christianity and they would never assort together. In two ways is the Colosseum connected with the history of Christian suffering and triumph. Tho Christians refused as far as practicable to go to those games, and their absence irritated and annoyed their unconverted fellow-citizens, and as those games were all connected 6ome way or other with the idol festivals of Rome, this conduct of the Christians had over it a color of atheism and irreligion. 2. Here was a convenient method at hand for punishing contumacious Christians. If they were so wicked as to disobey the laws, if they had to be put to death for their " obstinate atheism," why should not their death be made to minister to the public amusement! It was a new sensation to have Christians murdered by lions, and it became immensely popular. The appearance of this new sect afforded a grand opportunity for furnishing victims for the amphitheatre. On the most absurd of pretexts they were hurried away to make sport for the people. Tertullian in the 3rd century writes "If the Tiber overflowed; if there were famine or plague; if the season were dry, or cold, or scorchiug; whatever public calamity happened, the universal cry of the populace was,' The Christians to the lions!'" It was during the reign of Trajan that the protomartyr of the Colosseum won his crown the first of a noble army in whose ranks are numbered veterans and little children, women and men, boys and girls, and whose graves are to be found in the Catacombs. This proto martyr was Ignatius, Bishop of Antioch. He was an old man, and was, moreover, the friend and the disciple of St. John the Apostle, and a man in all respects of an apostolic character, He was brought before Trajan when on one of his expeditions towards the East, and Trajan himself condemned him to be taken in chains to Rome and there to be devoured by the lions in the Colosseum for tho gratification of tho people. It was a terrible sentence, but it came to the aged Christian as a message of glad tidings, for ho cried out with joy, " I thank Thee, O Lord, that Thou hast vouchsafed to honor me with perfect love toward Thee, and hast made me to be bound with iron chains like Thy Apostle Paul I" His journoy to Rome was, like Paul's, long and dangerous, but wherever he went he met with many Christian Mends, and was enabled to write various letters at the different places whore he rested. These letters remain to this day. and testify throughout to the viotory of his patience, for they breathe a spirit of triumphant joy. The vessel entered the harbor just as the sports of tho arena were drawing to a close, and the soldiers were in haste to get him to the city, whereat his friends were grieved, but he himself yielded to their emergency. There was no active persecution Rome at that time, and the Christians crowded around the martyr, wishing to interpose in his behalf, but he would not hear of it, and suffered himself to be led to the Colosseum. It was the last day of the sports, the theatre was full to overflowing, the good man was brought in and placed alone in the centre of the vast arena. He knelt in prayer while the preparations wore in process. He looked around him and exclaimed, " Romans who are present know that I have not been brought into this place for any crime, but in order that by these means I may merit the enjoyment of the glory of God, for love of whom I have been made prisoner." The doors of the dens were thrown open. Tho lions were let loose. They came bounding forward, seized the venerable old man, tore him limb from limb, and, being goaded by hunger, not only killed him but devoured him before the eyes of an applauding and jeering assembly, only leaving the larger bones for his friends to gather together during the following night as a melancholy but precious memorial of this cruel martyrdom. Legend upon legend tell of this one or that one who in after years followed Ignatius to his glorious reward. Not many years after we are told that the Christians who had been condemned were set up as targets and shot down with arrows. " Under Hadrian, A.D. 218, a patrician named Placcdus, his wife Theophista, and his two sons were first exposed to the wild beasts, but when they refused to touch them they were shut up in a brazen bull and roasted by a fire beneath." In A.D. 253 Albion and Sennen, two rich citizens of tho east, were exposed here to two lions and four bears, but on theirrefusing to attack them were dispatched by the swords of the gladiators; and in one of the catacombs there is a qaaint picture of Jesus crowning these martyred strangers with the martyr's wreath. In A.D. 259 a new amusement is devised, for before a statue of the Sun near the entrance of the Colosseum a pyre is erected, and Sempronius, Olympus, Theodoras, and Exuperia were publicly burnt on their refusing to offer sacrifices to the idol In A.D. 272 St Prisca was vainly exposed here to a lion, then starved for three days, then stretched on a rack, and after various torments was finallybeheaded. The same fate befel Sta. Martina, another Roman lady, in 277. Alexander, Potitus, Eleuthcrus Maximus, Vitus, Creseutia, and Modesta were among tho number of slain. Only a few of the names of these martyrs have come down to us, but as we read the pages of the writers of that age, especially Tertullian and Eusebius as we tread the silent galleries of the Catacombs, where lay their bones ; as we note the letters " MR " on many and many a grave, or see the tiny lamp affixed to the cement which closed the mangled remains in the tomb, we get a confused conception of awful successions of scenes of blood, in which heroism was mated with weakness, and gentleness gained the victory in the mdment of its defeat. There is a tendency in human nature, espe cially in times of excitement, to what may be called "deathbed theatricals," and this was frequently manifested in the latest age of per secution, but these instances were but few at the time of which I am especially speaking, " The noble courage of the true confessors of tho faith stands forth in all its graudeur against the dark background of pagan cruelty on the one hand and cowardly apostasy on the other. They were heroes alike in word and in deed.' " The mighty voice of the holy spirit," says Cyprian "sounded through the lips of the martyrs." The sublimity of meekness ceased to be extraordinary in tho church. We feel as we read the replies of tho humblest Christians, so grand in their very simplicity, that human nature is raised above itself; that it is divinely exalted by the power of faith in the presence of distant peril. Wonderful, moreover, was the power of martyrdom to win converts for faith. The saying of Tertullian is as true as it is beautiful that " The blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church. The more they were slain the quicker grew the church, and the more ardent grew their faith." " It is certain," say6 Justin himself afterwards a martyr," that nothing can make us deny our faith—neither tho sword of tho slayer, nor the cross of agony, nor the teeth of wild boasts, nor bonds, nor, fire,nor tortures of any kind. The more men multiply our sufferings the more does tho number of the faithful grow; the more are the disciples found on the side of Christ." I remember as I stood in the silent arena of tho Colosseum one cloudy moonlight evening and looked round on the grand panorama of desolation, how tho fancy oame over mo that tho place was still peopled by tho ghosts of the departed. All around at first was utter stillness, and I saw a twinkling light passing to and fro along the upper gallery, now shining, now hidden, which, as tho party whom guided was invisible in the gloom, seemed most unearthly. I stood on the steps of tho cross which then marked tho centre of tho arena. The oentre of that ruin 1b the cross, as the cross is the central fact in the story of Rome's decline. The scene of Dore's famous picture was before me. My readers will remember it, I dare say. It is nighttime, the stars are shining peacefully, tho great theatre empty, the bodies of the slain Christians lie huddled in heaps; the lions and tigers have been let loose in the arena to eat their fill of human flesh. It is an awful sight, but floating through the ambient air are diverse angel forms, strong godlike, serene, who have taken the souls of the slain to their rest, and are come back to this scene of triumph. I had in my pocket Hawthorne's strange tale called " Transformation," and there came to my mind a passage in which he imagiucs not a visitation of angels, but a gathering of tho ghostly forms of the assemblages which have in olden times made cruel holiday on those stone benches. " Fancy," 6aid Kenyon, " a mighty assemblage of 80,000 melancholy and remorseful ghosts, looking down from those tiers of broken arches, striving to repent of there savage pleasures which they once enjoyed, but still longing for them over again. You bring a Gothic horror into this peaceful moonlight scene in Benvenuto Cellini's autobiography in which a necromancer of his acquaintance draws magic circle—just where the black cross now stands I suppose—and raises myriads of demons ? Benvenuto saw them with his own eyes giants, pigmies, and other creatures of frightful aspect—capering and dancing on yonder walls. Those spectres must have been Romans in their lifetime and frequenters of this bloody amphitheatre." Before passing from these scenes of holy tragedy, let me tell you one more story, which if colored by tho narrator with a robe of fiction is nevertheless absolutely true to the general spirit of the times. It is the story of Pancratius, the youthful martyr of the last persecution under Diocletian and Maximian. The name of this hero is very familiar to every citizen of London, for one of the most fashionable churches of the metropolis is dedicated to his honor under the name of St. Pancras. Few, however, know any more of him than the mere name. He was a Roman lad, the son of a Christian martyr of a good family. That ho was martyred like his father there is no doubt, but traditions vary as to whether he was beheaded or torn by wild beasts. I will tell you the. story according to the latter version, shielding myself behind the name of Dr. Wiseman, whose narrative I quote with some curtailments:—" Pancratius 6tood in the midst of the arena, the last of the faithful band. He had been reserved in hopes that the sight of others suffering might shake bis constancy, but the effect had been the reverse. He took his stand where he was placed, and his yet delicate frame contrasted with the swarthy and brawny limbs of the executioners who surrounded him. They now left him alone, and we cannot better describe him than Eusebius, an eye- witness, does, a youth a few years older. " You might hawfe seen a tender youth, who had not yet entered his twentieth year, standing with fetters on his hands stretched forth in the form of a cross, praying to God most attentively with a fixed and untrcinbling heart, not retiring from the place where lie first stood, nor swerving the least, while bears and leopards, breathing fury and death in their very snort, were just rushing on to tear his limbs in pieces. And yet, I know not how, their jaws seemed seized and closed by some Divine and mysterious power, aud they drew back altogether." Such was the attitude, and 6uch the privileges of this heroic youth. The mob were fiuutic as they saw one wild beast after another careering jnadly round liim, roaring and lashing its sides with its tail, while ho seemed placed iu a charmed circle which they could not approach. A furious bull lot loose upon him dashed madly forward with his neck bent down, then stopped suddenly, pawed the ground, aud scattered the dust over him, bellowing fiercely. " Provoke him, thou coward T' roared out still louder tho curaged Emperor. Pancratius awoko as from a trance, aud waving his arms ran towards his enemy, but tho savage brute, as if a lion had been rushing on him, turned away and rau towards tho entrance, where, meeting his keeper, it tossed him high iu the air. All were disconcerted except tho brave youth, who had resumed his attitudo of prayer, when one of tho crowd called out, " Ho lias a charm about his neck, ho is a sorcerer !" Tho whole multitude re-echoed tho cry, till tho Emperor, having commanded silence, called out to him, " Take that amulet from thy ncck and cast it from thee, or it shall be done more roughly for thee." " Sire," replied the youth with a musical voice which rang sweetly through tho hushed amphitheatre, "Sire, it is no charm that I wear, but a memorial of my Father, who in this very place made gloriously the same concession that I now humbly make. I am a Christian, and for the love of Jesus Christ, God, and man, I gladly give my life. Do not take from me this only legacy. Tiy once mow. It was a panther who gave himhia crown, perhaps it will do the same for me. For an instant there was a dead silence— the multitude seemed softened and won. « The panther!" shouted out a voice. "The panther!" responded twenty. "The panther 1" thundered forth a hundred thousand in choruB, like the roaring of an avalanche. A cage started up as if by magic in the midst of the sand, and as it rose its sides fell down and ftoed the captive of the desert. With one gtaceM hound the elegant savage gained its liberty, and though enraged by darkness, con finement, and hunger, it seemed almost play ful, and it leapt and turned about, and frisked and gambolled noiselessly on the sand. At last it caught sight of its prey. All its feline cunning and cruelty seemed to return end conspire together in animating the cautious and treacherous movements of its velvetclothed frame. The whole amphitheatre was as silent as if it had been a hermit's dell, while every eye was intent on watching the stealthy approaches of the sleek brute to its victim. Pancratium was still standing in the Bame place facing the Emperor, and apparently so absorbed in higher thoughts as not to heed the movements of his enemy. The panther had stolen round him as if disdaining to attack him except in front. Crouching upon its breast, slowly advancing one paw before another, it had gained its measured distance, and there it lay for some moments of breathless suspense. A deep snarling growl, an elastic spring through the air, and it was seen gathered up like a leech, with its hind feet on the chest, and its fangs and tore claws on the throat of the martyr. He stood erect for moment, and, looking at Sebastian with a smile, waved him a farewell salutation, and fell. The arteries of his neck had been severed, and the slumber of martyrdom settled on his eyelids. (Fabiola, ch. 23). The history of the Colosseum as the slaughter- house of the Christians comes to the end with the accession of Constantino the Great with one notable exception, but it continued to be used more or less as a place for gladiatorial shows for nearly 100 years longer. The Romans were too strongly imbued with a taste of blood to give up their favorite sport at once. The Christian Emperors did their best to stay the custom, but so radical a reform in public usage could not come to pass in a single generation The last exhibition of this kind took place in the year 403. The scene was the same as before, but there was one notable difference, for all traces of public idolatry are wanting. The spectators now are nominally Christians, for the Emperor is a Christian and Christianity is now the established religion of the Empire. An oriental monk by name Telemachus, is in Home. Some stories tell us he is come to Home impelled by a determined impulse to stop the games. Be that as it may, he came suddenly into the arena, rushed between the gladiators and in the name of his Master bid them cease their combat. The Romans were provoked at this unexpected interruption of their pleasures, tore up the seats, laid their hands on whatever they could get, crowded down into the arena, and overwhelmed Telemachus with a shower of stones. He was the last and by no means the least worthy of the noble army. By his death he preached an eloquent sermon against the art and amusement of shedding human blood. The madness of the people subsided. They respected the mem- ory of the murdered monk, and they submitted without a murmur to the laws of Honorious, who abolished for ever the human sacrifice of the ampitheatre. Telemachus is not counted among the saints; no church has ever been raised to his honor; his self-sacrifice is rarely referred to in ecclesiastical traditions, yet I doubt if any man in the whole history of the conflict of Christianity did a nobler, or more useful, or a more heroic deed than did that obscure Oriental monk. The subsequent history of the Colosseum is curious and chequered. It was occasionally used for the combats of wild beasts, and in the middle ages was the scene of a bloody tournament, but it stood forth as a melancholy memento of the past that could never be reproduced. It was too strong and too massive to pass away in the various sackings of the city, and even in the eighth centuiy stood entire. It was seized upon as a fortress, for which it was admirably adapted, as its walls would defy all assaults, and its passages and rooms would hold a legion for a garrison. It passed from one family to another in the clashing o of medffival quarrels. Twice it served as a refuge for the one Pope against another, when tin world beheld the edifying spectacle of two successors of St. Peter deputing for supremacy. In the 14th century ft was used as a hospital by the canons of the Lateran end the arms of the chaptor, consisting of our Saviours head between two candelabra may •Ull be seen sculptured on various parte of the structure. What would oldfiome have thought of such a ohange as that f After that itbsoame T s a stone quarry, and four of the great j of modem Home (Barberini, Farnese, St. Marco and Cancellaria) were built from materials plundered from its walls. It is said that the first of these plunderersgot permission to remove only as much stone as could be taken away in twelve hours. But Cardinal Farnese was equal to the occasion, and let loose upon it an army of 4000 workmen who did no small mischief in that one day. Pope Sixtus V. endeavoured to utilise the ruin by turning the arcades into shops, but the scheme did not answer. Clement XI. (1700) set up a manufactory of saltpetre here, but the advantage did not succeed. At last the s uuo Pope being reminded by a Carmelite monk how iniquitous it was to allow a spot consecrated by such holy memories to be desecrated, took the old rain under his protection erected in the arena a great cross and built there a little chapel. Thus protected the old theatre ceascd to be an object of envy, and was allowed to rest and become beautiful in its decay. Mosses grew in its chinks, owls and bate took possession of its deserted passages, its chambers and dens were filled up till all memory of them vanished pilgrims passed round the arena on their knees, and sermons were preached every Friday from the cross in the centre. This is the Colosseum of modern pcetry, the Colosseum of Rogers and Byron, the Colosseum of romance and art But another change has come over the spirit of the vision. The Italian Government has got possession of the ruin, and is treating it as a memento of the past, which is not only to be preserved, but to be explored. The trees have been all cut down, because their roots were tearing the walls. The cross, I am told, has disappeared since I was there, and instead divers cranes and winches have been put up, Sappers and engineers have been digging into the arena; vast remains, walls, dens and passages are being discovered underneath the level of the floor of boards and sand on which the games were enacted, and many curious relics of the past are being unearthed. The genius of modern criticism and enquiry has ousted the conservative ecclesiastical guardianship of the church, and compelled the old ruin to tell its architectural story. When I saw it this change was in process. I remember well the last time I was there, and with an account of this final visit I will close my paper. It was on the occasion of some public festival—the first anniversary of some event connected with the proclamation of Italian liberty in 1870. Returning from some wanderings behind the Ccelian Hill, I noticed as I passed the Colosseum some unusual preparations for some festivity, as I thought, for the morrow; but learning at the hotel that the Colosseum was to be illuminated that night, as soon as dinner was over I set out with those same artist friends who went with me to the catacombs of St Agnes. A line of lamps and torches was placed all along the Forum and the Via Sacra. Crowds of carriages and pedestrians were hurrying to the scene, jostling each other with good-humoured merriment Often of old hud a Roman crowd gone along that same road to that same spot, in search of sport, but there were no qualms of conscience to disturb the revellers of that evening. We got inside and saw the great space, dimly revealing itself by a few torches placed among the upper arches. A military band was playing and several thousand persons were loitering about thearena. Suddenly a loud report was heard and a bomb was shot up over our heads and buret in colored fires, which floated down over the ruin and displayed the enormous mass in yet more colossal proportions. Another and another followed, and then all at once at a given signal, colored fixes, red and green, and purple and gold were kindled in the hidden recesses of the pile. The effect was wild and sublime. The place looked like a ghoulhaunted, unhuman abode. Its site seemed magnified tenfold. Its every crag, and stone, and buttress seemed on fire, and yet it did not burn. The disturbed birds flew screaming aloft in the dark upper air. The firemen on the walls looked like demons, and in the midst of all this the crowd was oking and chattering, and uttering their aplause of the spectacle. The whole scene was beyond anything I ver imagined, somewhat smelling of the, odem theatre perhaps, but very sublime. rewhile the lights faded, and all was dark gain, and the crowd began to stream outside. hen another bomb was shot up, giving the ignal for another display. The crowd colected in groups by the Meta Sudans, and n the slopes of the Palatine, and at eveiy oint of vantage. The band played some ore of the national airs. More bombs ere fired, and then the building was illuinated from the outside, and the flood of light fell not only on it, but on the surrounding ruins as well—on the arch of Constantino, and on the broken walls of the Palatine. The lights died out j another and a final display of fireworks amused the crowd, and we all set off home, musing and talking over the great ohange that has come over the spirit of the vision since Titus opened the building 1800 Z r e ago with hecatombs of human riotous. An old historian of England, the Ven^able Bede of Durham, quotes as a prophecy ot tne Saxon Pilgrims— « While stands the Colosieum, R® euuia. When falls the me Oolouenm, Rome shall fall And when Home falls, the world i" And if we take the Colosseum to stand, as the representative of the spirit of prophecy has already been fulfilled. The Colosseum has fallen, ancient Rome hasfellen, the old world system has fallen, but on the ruins God is building a new, a spiritual, a holy state, a regenerate and perfected world which a New Testament seer predicts as the » New Jerusalem," and says concerning it, " The glory of God doth lighten it, and tlie Lamb is the light thereof, and the nations of the earth do bring their glory and honour into it." 