TRUE DISCIPLES. February 1st.—Afternoon. Golden Text, ver. 14. Reading, Matt. v. 1—16. Christ taught not by words alone, but also by a holy and exemplary life. All wish to be blessed. Jesus would have all seek happiness in His way. But some persons try to be happy in their own way. Our lesson about True Disciples. Let us notice, 1st. What true disciples should be ; 2nd. What true disciples should do ; 3rd. What true disciples must bear ; 4th. What true disciples are like— that they may here and hereafter be truly blessed. I. What true disciples should be. (a) Poor in spirit. Many poor people — not merely poor as regards this world—are very proud, murmuring, complaining, blaming their lot. Such often miserable enough. The poor in spirit feel they have nothing to recommend them to God. Poor because always in want of help, grace. Unselfish, penitent, humble, and lowly, ne that humbleth himself shall be exalted. (Publican, Psalmist.) (b) Grieved at sin. Their own and others. Sympathise with the sorrowful. Mourn over sin as guilty cause of all sorrow. (David and Lot.) Shall be comforted with a sense of pardon, peace, hope, joy in Holy Ghost. (c) Meek. Uncomplaining and submissive under God's dealings—gentle towards others—teachable —unostentatious. However ridiculed, meekness will promote our comfort and safety, even in this world. Bear provocation—forgive injury. Meek usually triumph where passionate fail. " Overcome evil with good." The truly meek are truly brave. (d) Pure in heart. God of too pure eyes to behold iniquity. "Create in me a clean heart." The thoughts as well as actions guided by God's will. Not only externally correct, but the heart is right —sanctified through the truth. II. What True Disciples should do. (a) Hunger and thirst after righteousness. Be in earnest. Seek to be and do right because it is right; desire perfect conformity to God's will as one who desires meat and drink. Our desires for spiritual blessing must be earnest. (b) Merciful tilings. In heart. Compassionate, kind, specially to the sorrowful. Seeks to help needy. God-like (Micah vii. 18). Practical love of neighbor. More especially care for his deeper wants and woes. (c) Make peace. Love, desire, delight in peace. It should be his element. Study to be quiet, forward to heal disputes, reconcile quarrels; make peace at home, school, anywhere. Thankless office sometimes, but a good one. Try to bring strife to an end and men to peace with God. IH. What a True Disciple must bear. Persecution for Christ's sake. Holy temper enables a man to bear up [under trials for Christ's sake. Not the suffering but the cause makes a man a martyr. Those who lose for Christ do not lose by Him. IV. What True Disciples are like. (a) Salt. Preserving the world. Preventing corruption. Helping to keep those among whom lie dwells pure and good. (b) A light. Shining in darkness. Showing people how to be good—giving ,men right views of things. Let goodness of your principles be seen in your cenduct; this will lead others to honor the Author of all good. Hide not your light under a bushel. Be burning and shining lights. Remember the influence of example and holy living. H. H. 