TOWN TALK. The United States Government, we learn by cable, have invited the European powers to send delegates to a conference which it is proposed to hold in January to consider the sanitary condition of all the great seaports and the best manner of improving it. Our cablegrams have also intelligence respecting the wool sales, the Australian cricketers, and other topics of interest. In another column will be found particulars with respect to what ap pears to bo a determined attempt at suicide on the part of a man named Thomas Haydon, a stranger in Geelong. Ho was found lying under the cliff at the Western j Beach last night, with a pistol shot wound in the top of his head. The President of the Victorian Cricket Association has received the following tele gram, dated London, 19th inst." Repre sentative England team play Australia Kensington Oral, September 2nd, 3rd, and 4th; or September 6th, 7th, and Sth.-Mur doch." The Spring Exhibition of the Echuca Agricultural and Pastoral Association will be held on tho 22nd and 23rd September. Friday, the 15th October, is the day fixed for the Annual Show of the Hampden and Heytesbury Agricultural Society. In consequence of tho increase in their already large business as wool- brokers, &c.;, Messrs Dennys, Lascelles and Co. have commenced the erection of buildin«'s join* ing to their present wrrrehouses. During last season the pressure of business was so great as to cause inconvenience both to the firm and to its patrons. When the buildings now in course of erection are completed which will bo very shortly, as the contractors are proceeding with their work very expedi tiously-Messrs Dennys, Lascelles and Co. will be able to display 6000 bales of wool at once. The increased business of the firm well warrants them in expending the money necessary for enlarging their premises, and affords a good proof of the advantages of the Geelong market to wool-growers. Prom time to time one hears of now way3 of paying old debts, and the one adopted by Mr L. Ehrenfried, of tho Phrenix Brew ery» Shortland, IT.Z., is not often heard of. About thirteen years since the firm of Ehrenfried Bros., of .New Zealand called a meeting of their creditors and paid six shil lings in the £. Amongst the creditors was Mr H. Feldheim, tobacconist, of Moorabool Btreet, who received the composition pay mentfor a small debt. Yesterday afternoon Mr Feldheim was not a little surprised at receiving a cheque for £37 17s 3d, per Messrs Steinfeld, Levinsonand Co., on behalf of Mr L. Ehrenfried, in full payment of the debt due to Mr Feldheim, making tho payment a clear 20a in the £. It appears that Mr Ehrenfried has prospered considerably in business Bince hie creditors were called to gether. At tho Colac Police Court, yesterday, (be fore Mr Heron, P.M.. and Messrs J. V. Bartlett and E. Conulstonc, Js. P., Dr. Dobie was charged with taking and using tho title of "M.D.," without being registered in Vic toria as required by the Medical Practi tioners Statute, Part I. The evidence showed that the defendant was not regis tered in conformity with the Act. But Mr T. N. Whyte, who appeared for defendant, showed that his client held several English diplomas, and urged in mitigation of fine that tho only oDfence Br. Dobie was guilty of was hi3 not having registered himself under tho provisions of the "Medical Practitioners Act." Mr Whyto also submitted in defence that the summons disclosed no offence as it alleged that Dr. Dobie was not registered under Part I of the Medical Practitioners Act," whereas it should have set out that he was not registered under that act, and also under the 8 several acts of Parliament that the principal act had re pealed. The point was reserved by the magistrates in case of an appeal. The de fondant was ultimately fined 50s. A woman named Catherine Jennings was arrested yesterday afternoon by Sergeant O'Heare on a charge of stealing a watch, a £l-note, and 14s in silver from a lodger named Fanny Cinqmars. During the after noon she was bailed out, to appear at tho Police Court this morning. Following the dusty weather of Thursday the steady heavy rain of yesterday was de cidedly pleasant to everyone except pedes trians. The rain has been of a general character in this district, and the farming interests will be greatly benefited. The continuance of northerly and westorly winds for the past week or fortnight had the effect of drying up the land, especially tho surface of.the cultivated portions, and thus retard ing the growth of the late sown crop?. Yesterday's rain, however, will have softened the soil and given the crops a fresh start. Some night prowlers were evidently disturbed in their work on Thursday night. Yesterday morning Mr Grecian, of Little Myera-Btreet, found two bantams tied up in a bag in the hay market. Parties who have lost fowls of the kind mentioned should communicate with the police. A new piece of music, a polka mazurka, tho composition of Mr F. A. Pearson, is about to be published. The piece has been written in the koy of P, and the; music all through tho polka is in a vory lively strain. It is simple enough for piano forte players, and ought to be popular in the household. A meeting of the committee formed to ar. range for tho holding of a ball in aid of the band fund of the Geelong and Western Dis trict St. Patrick's Society was held last night, at which there was a large attendance. Pi nal arrangements in connection with the ball, which is to bo held in tho large hall of the Free Library on Tuesday evening, were made. A good band of music has been en gaged, and every care was taken that the comfort and convenience of those who are present on the occasion shall be attended to. 1\. he reports of the various sub-committees were all favorable, and, as the tickets aro being disposed of. freely, a thoroughly suc cessful gathering is looked forward to. The dramatised version of Mrs Henry Wood's favorite novel "East Lynno " was presented in a most complete manner by the Histrionic Company at the Mechanics' Institute last evening. The audi cuce was much better than on pre vious occasions, despite the bad weather. The play has been so often produced here that even those who have not read the story are fully conversant with every incident of the plot. Miss Headway's careful and intelligent reading of the character of the unfortunate Lady Isabel stamped her as a truo actress. Natural in her girlish im j petuousness, her warm love, her passionate j jealousy, and throughout all lady-lilce.in her demeanor, as became " the daughter of an liar)," Miss Mead way moved her audience as.no one but a true artiste can. Her dis tractiou when she thought her husband loved Barbara Hare, her mad flight with Sir Francis Levison, her after remorse, her penitent return disguised as Ma damo Vine, her agony at the death of her little son Willie, and her subsequent revelation of herself to her injured husband when dying-her portrayal of every emotion and feeling, all was raarkod by genius and study. Ab Archibald Carlyle, Mr Cathcarfc displayed exceptional ability, playing through out with a dignity and force that idealised the true-hearted and deeply-wronged gentleman depicted by tho authoress of "Eist Lynne.'' Wo have never seeu an actor who more thoroughly realised the part. Mrs Byan was delightful as the good-hearted but crotchetty Mis3 Cornelia Carlyle ; de picting so quaintly the elderly and | somewhat irascible spinster as to pro voke by her slightest gesture or ro mark-the heartiest laughter. Miss Nellie Greenlees was attractive and gracefnl a3 I Barbara Hare ; and Sir Francis Levison was a true villain-a gentlemanly,heartless scoun drel-in the hands of Mr Russell, who at times earned tho compliment of a growl of dislike from some of those present. Little J Bell Hnssell played tho child Willie with winsotno aptitude, and certainly added an other to her list of infantile triumphs on the stage. Mr Searle, as Earl Mount Severn, Mr Nunn, as Richard Hare, Mr Fin | namore, as Mr Dill, Mr Maltravers, as Wil. son, and Miss Arrowsmith, as Joyce, gave | good renditions of their parts, anil the inci dental music of tho drama was well per formed by the orchestra. To-niglit tlie com pany will play here for the last time, when "Flowers of tfuo Forest" will be re-pro duced, the prices being reduced to 2s, Is, and Gd. The members of of the Catholic Young 1 Men's Association held their weekly meeting last evening, there being a good attendance considering the inclement weather. The Monthly Mayazine formed the main business of the evening, tho following being the titles of the principal articles contributed :-"The . Later Writings of Alfred Tennvson," by Mr J. F. Hogan ; poem, " A Tale of tin Sea," by "Caviare"; "Our Cricketers in Eng land," by "A Colonial"; and "Australian Natives' Associations,"by Mr W. H. Bayley. ? All the articles met with the commendation of the meeting and were subsequently criti cised. It having been annouueed that read ings and recitations would form the business of next evening, the meeting adjourned. The following new insolvency schedule was filed yesterday with the Chief Clerk of Insolvency, Mr Hutchinson Lionel Orme i rod, of Malop-street, Oeelong, watchmaker. Causes of insolvency-Falling off in business and pressure of creditors. Liabilities, £140 103Gil; assets, £GS5<; deficiency, £72 14s Gd. To-day a writ will issue for the election of a member to serve in the Legislative Council for the Western Province, in the room of ! the Hon. Sir 6amuel Wilson, who retires by rotation. Private letters from Mauritius! (snvs the South Australian AdwtUer) state that there is a probability tho Mesaai;erie Maritime \ Company running their steamers on from that island to the Australian colonies. ^ Mr William IWnsend, the deputy Speaker, was charged at the Adelaide police court on Thursday morning with neglecting to pay his legal fare, assaulting a cabman and misconducting himself in a public vehicle. On payment of costs, amounting to £7 10j, by defendant, the information was I withdrawn. The Russians on the Amoor are very glad at the prospect of war with China, because they are convinced that the inevitable result will be tho annexation to Russia of the | neighboring part of Manchuria, free navi«a-:! I tion of the river Sunyari, and general com mercial improvement. The Sydney correspondent of the Age says:-" The experiments of written tele graphic messages answer admirably. The words on. the tape are as legible as could be desired. Two batteries were used, one with horizontal action, tho other perpendicular. Public experiments will shortly be made." Some excitement is being caused in Ril more at present by the appearance of a " ghost" that nightly promenades the rail way platform, and has already so seriously frighteued several persons as to render them 1 very ill. A few nights ago the apparition was fired at several times, but without pro ducing any effect. It ia believed that some of the residents are perpetrating a foolish practical joke, and the policohave taken the matter in hand. Nothing further transpired on Thursday in reference to the Great Southern Hurdsnold salting case, Ballarat although it was stated that fuller information received reduced the I complicity to two persons. Of course some | trouble may be experienced in sifting the case, but it will be no fault of the directors ] and manager, as well as tho intelligent de tective who has it in hand, if the enquiry does not lead to a prosecution of the of fenders. A curious accident occurred on Sunday last to a little boy nine years of age, named Alexander Chapman, living in Warrnain boo!. The Examiner says that "bis ' mother, who takes in washing, found it ne cessary to chop some wood, and whilst she W13 doing so tho boy, who was being chased by a gander, ran in front of her. At the same moment the uplifted axe descended and struck the boy on the head cutting through the skull and dislodging a triangular piece of it about two inches in diameter, without penetrating the brain. I Tho boy was taken to Dr. W. H. Otven" who replaced the bone and dressed the' I wound." For supremo egotism commend us to the following, which is an oxtractfrom Mr C. R. Blackett's address, returning thanks to those electors of Fitzroy who voted for him in his contest with the Attorney-General " Although defeated by a small majority, we have no reason to lose heart or hope, fur assuredly the great principles of civil and individual freedom, for which you have | fought so bravely, will sooner or later | triumph, and the administration of the government of this colony bo placed in the hands of the ablest, wisest, and best" Mr Blackett, of course, beinc one of tho "ablest, wisest, and best." Surely we have now reached tho acme of self-laudation^ There was a rumor in Melbourne on Thursday to the effect that the police, ac companied by the black trackers, had started on a secret expedition from Wangaratta for the supposed purpose of discovering the plant it is surmised tho late Kelly gang had secreted in the bush. Up to'a late hour at night Captain Standish -had received no telegram or other intimation rolative to any discovery of plant or of any intended expe dition in search of it, and he is confident ho .would h'avo received due advice of any fresh phase in tho Kelly business. A meeting of the Melbourne auti-Chinese League was held on Thursday niaht at the I Traders' Hall|; Mr John Gration in the chair 1 Tho executive of tho league, which i» formed of delegates from tho several trades societies, resolved that a deputation wait upon the Government to the necessity of taking immediate steps to cause a reci procal treaty between the several Australian colonies for the prevention of the influx of Chinese to Australia, and in the meantime to^paaa a short bill in our local Parliament OP a poll tax to he imposed on Chinese en tering this colony either, by laud or sea. The rules, as adopted, were printed and circu lated ; and several new members having been enrolled, it was decided, now that tho elec tions were over, to prosecute the objects for which the league was formed most vigo rously. ? A public meeting was held afc Melbourne ou Thursday evening, at tho Athenajam, for the purpose of taking steps to form au Anti compul3ory Vaccination Society. Mr Wolfa occupied the chair. The secretary to the movement (Mr M'AHsfcer) stated that a number of prominent residents in Melbourne had expressed themselves favorable to the abolition of compulsory vacciuation. He suggested that circulars be printed and sent to all medical men in the colony iuviting co operation, and also that members of Parlia ment be written to, and requested to assist .in having the clauses making vaccination compulsory removed from the statute book. The suggestion was adopted, and a motion was also agreed to providing for the enrolling of members of the Anti-compulsory Vaccina tion Society, TheannaalsubscriptioD was fixed at5^. Arrangements were made for holding public meetings in tho various suburbs of Melbourne, with tho view of extending the operations of the society. The Western Meat Preserving Company have fully decided to build an extensive fac tory in Camperdown (says the Chronicle) for the preservation of rabbits in tin cani sters, in a similar manner that they have been doing for some years in Colac. We understand from the manager, Mr Farring ton, that he purposes commencing building operations at once, that is, as soon as the forest roads will allow the necessary timber to be carted into Camperdown. From the large area of rabbit conutry around Camper down it is expected by Mr Farrington that the local factory will absorb probably more rabbits than the older establishment in Colac. The Western Compauy also meditate at a future date erecting an establishment, in connection with their factory here, for slaughtering sheep and cattle for export in a frozen state. A painful case was brought under the no tice of the Melbourne magistrates on Thurs day, when a powerful-looking young man, named Peter Spillard, was charged with an assault upon a younger and weaker brother. The assault, which was unprovoked, resulted in the boy's ankle being sprained. He is now confined to his bed ; and the mother of the prisoner, to her great distress, was compelled to give evidence against her own son. She proved clearly enough that he was idle, dissolute, and cruel, and declared that his brutality had rendered her life wretched. Mr Call told the prisoner that he was aorry, after what he bad seen and heard, that he could not send him to spend the remainder of his life in Pentridge. As it was, he could only sentence him to three months' imprisonment with hard labor, which he did with satisfaction. Mr J. II. Alley, corouer for tho Ararat district, held a magisterial euquiry at Wick liffe on Wednesday on the body of a man who was found lying dead in a paddock be longing to Mr Williamson, about seven miles from the township, under circumstances which seem to indicate that a horrible murder had been committed. The body had apparently been lying some weeks before it was found, and was much decomposed. It was that of a man about 5ft. 7in. high, aged about 30 3Tears, and was lying face down wards, with a wound in the skull, appa rently inflicted by a dull, heavy instrument. A large portion of the back part of the skull was fractured, a hole corresponding to the wound being found in the hat. There was nothing to lead to the identification of the man, and a verdict was returned that de ceased had met his death by a wound in the head, inflicted by some person or persous unknown. This in how history is made. Under the heading of " Australasian News," the San Fraucisco Weekly Chronicle of the 20th May last gives the following items :-" Mr Gillies has aflordcd another indication of the undoing policy which is being pursued by the New South Wales Government with re gard to the llailway Department, by order ing the suspension of the survey of the direct line from Billar.it to Melbourne, which has been in progress for some months. The reasons assigned for the action are that it is not the intention of the Ministry to include the line ill their Railway Construc tion Bill, and that surveyors are required in other portions of the country." It thus ap pears that New South Wales is governed i>y a Cabinet sitting in Melbourne, while from the following it would seem that tho capital of South Australia is one of our country towns :-" A discovery of a good copper lode has been made in the hills 13 miles from Adelaide, Victoria, on an old mine worked 30 vears ago." The Otar/o Daily Time* states :-" Ac cording to advices received by tho Govern ment the native difficulty on the West Coast has assumed a new and rather comic phase. Litterly the constabulary,' acting under orders, have somewhat altered their tactics in regard to Maori fences. Instead of al lowing fencing to he erected across the road and then pulling it down and arresting the fencers, the present plan is not to let it be erected at all, but directly the daily quar tette of natives arrives- with fencing mate rials, to take these from them and at once erect a fence along the roadside. In this po sition the fence is more serviceable as a pro tection for crops, and it does not obstruct the road. The Maoris stood this for two or three days, but then evidently became puzzled, and were seen going to. Farihaka for further instructions. The result has been an entire suspension of fencing opera tions for some days. Te Whiti appears to have been completely checkmated in this game, and great curiosity is felt as to what will be his next move." Tho Taranaki Herald's correspondent at Urenui writes, under date 11th Augnst:-"Most of our native friends started for -Farihaka yester day. I hear Te Whiti sent word for them to hurry up. The natives inform me that fencing is to be continued Hntil only three men are left at Farihaka, namely, Te Whiti, Tohu, and Hiroki." The curative properties of the water from the artesian well in Macalister- street are beginning to be quite a current topic of con versation in Sale (says the Mercury), and several gentlemen who have suffered from complaints of more or less long Btanding are loud in the praise of its virtues, and we are informed that it is becoming quite common to see people at tho pipo supplying them selves with draughts of tho water. It is cer tainly extremely pure, and is charged with a gas to which we are not sufficiently well posted up in chemistry to give a name, but which tastes and smells decidedly like sulphur, and is by no means unpleasant to tho palate. Candidly spi-aking, the smell has been quite sufficient for us hitherto, but we quite agree with a remark which we heard to the effect that if this water were discovered in some place far enough away, and with a suffi ciently outlandish name, it would be bottled by the hogshead, analysed and advertised, and thousands of pounds made out of it. Here seems to be a good opening for what the Yankees call "a live man," and perhaps now that attention has been called to this new industry some oue sufficiently enter prising may be found to take the hint. He will have the immediate advantago of not having to go far for certificates to the virtues of the medicinal spring. The following description of " how civil servants do it" in New Zealand, as detailed by Mr Andrews in a recent debate in tho Now Zealand Parliament, is applicable to other of tbo colo nies than New Zealand. Mr Andrews said:-"The number of heads of depart ments wo have is something monstrous. I cannot find a'name for them at all. It must tax the ingenuity of the Government very greatly to know how to mako the dis tinction. To make tho men simply more than clerks all kinds of names are givtn to them ; there are under-sccre taries, assistant undor-secretarics, senior clerks, &c.; All manner of names aro given to those who aro highly paid. .But who does the work ? I have had occasion to go to the offices, ' I have asked for and seen the head "of the department. Ho Bays, ' Take a chair.' I sit down. I tell him my business, and without giving mo an answer, and without any exertion on his part, but by simply touching an electric bell, in rnns a boy. He says to the boy, 'Will you tell M r '(No. 2 in the office)' to come?' He comes and hears what I have to Bay, and then attempts to allow me what I want to see, or lie-directs me to No. 3 in slich a way that I can get the information I want and then conducts ' me to No. 1, who re' spectfully says ' Good morning.' It appears to me, from what I can gather, that No 1 in the office, who receives £600 or fSOO a year, does very little else than introduce strangers to No. 2, and No. 2 passes you to I0!.,3',., Wh° 'a t0 olear out thw Augean stable t A mistake was made tho other day in ac knowledging the receipt of £7 12s Gd from the employes of MrCollms'faotory); it should hare rsad from the employes of the Bar won Factory." Mr James M&caulay; desires us to correct an error which appeared in one of the metro-. politan journals yesterday. lie took third prize for grouse oochina over 12 months' and uecoi d for the same description of birds under 12 months, at the Melbourne Poultry Show. Mr C. Fox is credited with having taken the former prize. Mr Connor will address the electors of the South-Western Province at the Prince of Wales Hotel at two o'clock this afternoon. A meeting of the Vinegrowera' Associa tion will be held this afternoon at the Free Library. The Rev. Cannon Chalmers will continue his course of Sunday evening sermons on the History of the Prophet Elijah, in St. Paul's Church, to-morrow evening at 7 o'clock. Tho Rev. J. A. Nicol, of the Aberdeen Free Gaeliu Church, New South Wales, will preach his farewell sermons in tho Freo Gaelic Churoh Gaalong, to-morrow, Tho Rev. A. Davidson, pastor of Ryrie street Presbyterian Church, will deliver an other of a aeries of lectures on the " Biblo history of Rath and its lessons," to-morrow evening. Tenders are invited for the lease of Sir Anderson's estate of4l60acres on theKororoit Creek, within about five miles of the Mel bourne yards. The tenders will be received by Messre John George Dougharty and. Co., of Melbourne. - Messrs Geo. Synnot and Co. announce their willingness to make liberal cash ad vances on any wool sent to them either for sale in the colony of for tho London market. They will hold sales by auction every Tues day, Wednesday, and Thursday. We are requested to call attention to the sale this day by Mr John Davison, at his rooms, at 12 o'clock, of the Hermesley estate, at Cnrlewis, comprising 428 acres fronting the bay, and at{1.30 p.m., on the premises, Mundy-street, 2 four-roomed wooden.cot tages in the estate of Chas. Greenwood, de ceased. 