THE GIPPSLAND BUSHRANGER. by our special reportter. The search for the perpetrator of tho out- rage at the Holey Plains Station was continued on Saturday by the Gippsland police with unabated activity. Senior-constable Keon's party, who had on Friday tracked the horse ridden by the bushranger to a place called the Hill Top, four miles from Sale, left Sale at an early hour in the morning, and re- turned to the Hill Top in the hope of again picking up the trail, but in that they were not successful. They then commenced to scour the country to the north, and were not long in ascertaining that the bushranger, George de Thouars,had on the previous day called on foot at Cotto's farm. Nothing was known at the farm then of the outrage he had perpetrated, and his request to be supplied with some food was complied with. Keon at once sent the information to his superior officers, and tele- graphed to Rosedale. It appears from the direction taken by Keon that he was under the impression that De Thouars was making for Nambrok, Heyfield or Briagolong, to the north of Rosedale, a part of the country which to a great extent had been deserted by the police, the men usually stationed there having crossed the railway line at Rosedale in order to scour the thick forests on the south. Sergeant Hopkinson with some men had left Rosedale in the morning long before this news was made known, they having been attracted to the Holey Plains station by the report that the horse which had been stolen by De Thouars had been found in that locality. It appears that on the previous day John Pope, one of the station hands, was instructed to go to the Rock-hill House, which is situated about two miles and a half from the home station. De Thouars had often been employed at work at Rock-Hill, and there being no one at the house Mrs. Chapnell feared that tho Frenchman would burn the house down. She therefore sent Pope to sleep at the house on Friday night. Pope was one of the men who were stuck up on Thursday, and he appeared to have fully participated in the extra- ordinary fear which prevailed amongst the men at the station. He states that when he reached Rock-hill he was astonished to hear the noise made by a horse feeding in the stable. On looking into tho stable he was alarmed to find that it was the horse stolen by De Thouars. The discovery caused him no satisfaction. He at once arrived at the opinion that the Frenchman was somewhere in the vicinity, perhaps he might be lying in the straw in the stable, and he fled into the house. There he confesses he spent a sleepless night. The reason he assigns for not taking the horse back at once is that he believed that if he had touched the animal he would have been at once shot. At daylight he slipped quietly away from Rock- hill, and travelled swiftly across the station land to Holey Plains. He met a number of police men on the way, and imparted to them the information that Mr. Crookes horse was at the Rock-hill house. The police found the statement to be quite correct. De Thouars had left both water and hay for the animal, and had taken off the saddle. The discovery of the horse caused tho opinion to be formed that, after leaving the Holey Plains station, De Thouars proceeded to Hill Top, and then doubled back and left the horse at Rock -hill, with the intention of endeavoring to make his escape through the thick bush on foot. The tracks of a person leaving the station were easily discernible in the sand. A small quantity of food and a box of caps had been removed from the hut. Further particulars concerning tho sticking up of the station fully bear out the report previously published in 'The Age' as to the ex- traordinary want of courage on the part of the station hands. On Friday night some police slept at the station, and the fear which Mrs Crooke's employes previously evinced lest De Thouars should return abated, but it returned on the following day when the police departed. Work for the time being appeared to be suspended, and the "thistlers" and f"encers," under cover of the hut, talked of nothing but George De Thouars, and employed themselves by casting bullets for an old Queen Bess blunderbuss, with which they expressed a determination of defending themselves against one man who, in their excited imagination, they appeared to consider was far more formidable than even Kelly and his gang. Concerning the outrage on Thursday the following is the story told by Arthur Stanner, tho overseer of the station : — " I know George De Thouars well. He was em employed here some time ago, and, after being discharged from Mrs. Crooke's employment at Toorak, he made his appearance at the station and had some food, he talked to some of the men, and asked when 'long oats' (meaning young Mr. Crooke) was expected. He was informed that he was expected to be up during the present week. Soon afterwards De Thouars left, and made his appearance on Thursday, just as we were going to dinner in the men's hut (a building at the rear of the station house). I let him have something to eat. I hsd received instructions from Mrs. Chepnell not to allow him to remain on the station, and at 2 o'clock I went up to where he was standing, just outside of the hut, and said, ' George, you have no business here. I am ordered to tell you to go.' He at once sprang round and faced me, drawing a revolver from his breast. His face had an awful expression as he said, 'That is just what I expected. I knew the yarn would come' He .then ordered me to bail up and go into the hut where all the men were. He stood in the door way and bailed all of them up. Their names are — David Rintoul, William Sykes, Edward Brahney, James Alexander Moore, John Pope, and Thomas Job. The last- named is a lad about 17 years of age. He covered all in the hut with nis revolver, and then said, 'I want the best horse on the station and Crooke's saddle and bridle.' Tom Job was sent to yard the horses, but before he was allowed to go he said to Job, 'By the holy God, if you do not come back I will take Arthur Stanner's life, and if I take one life, I will not stop at one.' Job went out and caught a horse. He did not make any effort to get away, but brought the horse up to the hut and put the saddle and bridle on it. It was about the worst horse on the station, but Job knew that De Thouars was no judge of horses. De Thouars told him to give the mare a gallop. Job did so, galloping about 300 yards away and returning again. He then ordered the horse to be fastened to the verandah post. It remained there for some time, De Thouars keeping a guard over us in the hut. He then ordered Job to take the horse to the stable and feed it, as he was in no hurry. He remarked that if he left at once he might get sunburnt. There was a double-barrelled gun hanging up inside of the hut. He looked at it and said, 'It is no use to try and use that. Before I did anything I took the caps off and damped the powder.' Toward evening Mrs. Chapnell heard of the horse being in the stable with the saddle on, and she came to the hut to order that the horse should be turned out. I was in the verandah, and George De Thouars was standing near me. She asked me why the horse had been saddled and put in the stable. I told her that George De Thouars had ordered the horse to be saddied, and had bailed us all up. She asked us what we all meant by allowing him to do so. She had a little stick in her hand and walked towards De Thouars, and called him a scoundrel and a wretch. I was frightened he would shoot her. He put his hand on his revolver, and told her something to the effect that he would not allow such language to him, and ordered her to go away. Mrs. Chapnell then returned to the house . Shortly afterwards De Thouars said, 'I want the boss's fancy rifle, and Job was sent to ask Mrs. Chapnell for it. He came back saying he could not make anyone in the house hear. De Thouars told him to go back and make them, and added that be would have no nonsense, or he would put a fire stick to the place. Job again returned unsuccesful and all the men were ordered round to the house. We were made walk in front of De Thouars, who carried an axe in one hand and a revolver in the other. They were halted on the verandah. Tho front of the house there is nearly all glass. De Thouars ordered David Rintoul to ask for the rifle and to say that if it were not given up within five minutes he would put a fire stick to the house. Mrs Chapnel hesitated for some time. She had locked herself inside with the servant, Miss Crooke (a little girl), and Rintoul, the father of David Rintoul. After a lapse of about five minutes Mrs. Chapnell said that there was no rifle there, and that the door of the drawing- room was open and we could search. We were all marched into the drawingroom, and three of us were placed in one corner and four of us in the opposite corner. He then searched the room, turning everything over, but he could not find the rifle. He, however appro- prlatod an opossum rug, a pair of spurs, an overcoat and some shot. He found the case of the rifle, and said in consequence it must be there. He brought us all out again, and told David Rintoul to tell Mrs. Chapnell that she must give up the rifle or he would set fire to the home. She replied, 'If I give you th rifle will you pro- inise me that you will not harm anyone, and go away ?' He said, Yes, give me the rifle ; I do not want to make any further disturbance.' I got the rifle, with four cartridges, and handed them to him. He then sent me back to get more cartridges and the implements for loading them. Job was sent with me, and I heard De Thouars say, 'If he comes out without them this time, by the living God its all up with them.' He told both of us to make a noise when we were inside, so that he should know where we were, and what we were doing. We did so, but before I could find what was wanted De Thouars marched the other men into the room so that he could see what we were doing. I then found the box containing the implements and over 100 empty cartridges. He then marched us back to the hut. "Whilst at the house he spoke of Mrs. Chapnell being a determined woman, and he made young Job stand in front of him, evidently fearing that Mrs. Chapnell would shoot at him through one of the windows. When we got back to the hut he said he wanted all the cartridges loaded. We then had something to eat, he sitting at a separata table with the revolver by his side. After we had done tea we set to work to load the cartridges, De Thouars sitting at the door looking .at us. He ordered me to show him how to load the rifle, and I did so. He was standing in front of me, and when I got the cartridges in I had a chance of shooting him, and was raising the point of the rifle to do so. I had raised it to a level with his stomach; whilst I fingered the trigger, but just then De Thouars caught hold of the barrel and forced it down to tho ground. We loaded 46 cartridges, but we put the wrong bullets in, those put in being too small for the rifle. De Thouars then packed the cartridges in a little bag and secured all the loose amm- unition. It was then about eleven o'clock, and he allowed John Pope and David Rintoul to go to bed. Shortly afterwards we were all allowed to go to bed, and De Thouars reclined near the doorway. I had a short and disturbed sleep. When I awoke I could see De Thouars was packing up his things. He appropriated some saddle straps, which he used when packing up. During the whole night he had made all the men answer to their names at short intervals. He had also gone to the house to make the inmates there answer. Having packed up, he again made them answer to their names, and soon afterwards he slipped out, leaving the door and window ajar. I thought he had gone, but in a few minutes he came back with tho horse, which was frightened by the light in the hut, and nearly broke away from him. He called on Job to hold his horse, but the lad was asleep, and James Moore held it. He had lost his revolver case, and he searched for and found it. He then came to my bed and handed me a prayer-book. He said, 'Say your prayers.' I then thought it was all up with me, but I did not answer, and he said that he wanted me to take an oath. I repeatcd after him, 'I swear not to betray George De Thouars until 9 o'clock, up to which time I will leave him with his God. If I do betray him may I drop a corpse within one hour, and my soul eternally rot in the flames of hell.' The same oath was administered to all in the hut, and David Rintoull had in addition to take the oath for his father, who was locked up in the other house. He then went away, and we all began to chat about what had occurred. Two of the men got up, and suddenly De Thouars came back and asked us what we were doing. Ho said, 'What are you doing?' and someone replied-'Nothing.' He said, 'I thought I heard someone calling Tim Job.' He was told that he had made .a mistake, and then went away. At daylight, Rintoul, senior, went for the police. Some people may think that we acted in a cowardly manner, but I only wish that those who hold that opinion were either placed in a similar position or that they had been here to see how closely we were watched. He always had his eye upon us, and would not allow any of us out of his sight. He appeared to have a great down upon me, but I think that he came to the station with the intention of shooting Mr. Crooke. I believe now that he is in the woods close to the station, and that he will return at night and set fire to it, in the hopes that Mr. Crooke is here." The story told by young Job is similar in nearly every particular to that given by Stanner. He states in addition, however, that when sent for the horse he intended to get on the animal's hack and gallop away for assistance, but he was deterred by the appearance of two armed men in the plain. They were mounted, he said, on bay horses, and were some distance away. If that were the case it seems strange that he was able to discern that they carried firearms. However, no one else on the station observed the horsemen, and all there doubt the story, more particularly Mrs. Chapnell, whose courageous conduct is the only redeeming feature of the whole affair. With regard to Job's statement concerning the horsemen, she states that he is in the habit of seeing ghosts, and that being so it is not at all surprising that he should see men who never existed. Mrs. Chapnoll was perfectly ignorant of what was going on at the hut until five o'clock in the afternoon, when Miss Crooke told her that the horse was in the stable with her brother's saddle on it. She then visited the hut, and there ascertained that De Thouars had stuck the men up. She was indignant at the men for their cowardice, and she vented her contempt for De Thouars by calling him a low fellow. "When ordered to go back to the house she said she felt no fear ; and when young Job asked her for the rifle she determined to use it. Neither she nor Rintoul senior knew how it was used, and were under the impression that the caps should be fitted on the needles of the cartridges. She then took the rifle, and locked herself with the two girls, neither of whom exhibited any alarm, in the dining-room. From the windows they could see De Thouars and the men. He was driving them about like a drove of geese, and to Mrs. Chapnell the whole scene appeared absurd and disgusting. The servant-girl expressed her willingness to go for assistance, but as she did not know the surrounding country Mrs. Chapnell would not let her go ; and although Rintoul would have made the effort she thought it better to keep him there as a protection if the half-caste attempted to force any of the doors or windows. When appealed to by the men she was determined not to give up the rifle, but the threat of burning the house down caused her to change her mind. De Thouars had such command over the men, who obeyed his every demand, that Mrs. Chapnell saw that, in the event of his putting his threat into execution, she had nothing in the way of assistance to expect from them. On the contrary, it appeared to her probable De Thouars gave the order the men in their fear for him would have obeyed his order to set fire to the house. It will therefore be seen that the position in which Mrs. Chapnell found herself placed was an unpleasant one in the extreme, but throughout she acted with courage which might, but did not, provoke one man on the station to show resistance. The fact that for twelve hours seven men allowed themselves to he bailed up by one man badly armed and unskilled in the use of the weapons he had, without availing themselves of tho opportunities that were presented of capturing or killing him, will long be remembered to their discredit ; whilst their conduct, coupled with the success of the Kellys, is almost an inducement for others, criminally disposed, to commence bushranging. 