[?] Little Phil. 'Make me a head-board, mister, smooth and painted ; you see Our ma, she died last winter, and sister, and Jack, and me Last Sunday could hardly find her, so many new graves about ; And Bud cried out, ' We've lost her,' when Jack gave a little shout. 'We have worked and saved all winter— been hungry sometimes, I own — But we hid this much from father under the old door-stone. He never goes there to see her ; he hated her ; scolded Jack When he heard us talking about her and wishing that she'd come back. But in the garret we whisper, and have a good time to cry. Our beautiful mother who kissed us and wasn't afraid to die. Put on it ? that she -was forty, in November she went away. That she was the best of mothers, and we haven't forgot to pray ; And we mean to do as she taught us— be loving, and true, and square, To work, and read, to love her, till we go to her up there.' Let the board be white like mother ' (the small chin quivered here), And the lad coughed something under, and conquered a rebel tear. ' Here is all we could keep from father, a dollar and thirty cents, The rest he has got for coal .and flour, and partly to pay the rents.' Blushing the white lie over, and dropping the honest eyes, ?' What is the price of head-hoards, with writing, and handsome size ? ' ' Three dollars ! ' A young roe wounded, just falls with a moan, and he, With a face like the ghost of his mother, sank down on his tattered knee. ' Three dollars ? and we shall lose her, next winter the graves and snow ! ' But the boss had his arms about him, and cuddled the head of tow Close up to the great heart's shelter, and womanly tears fell fast— ?? Dear boy, you shall never lose her ; O cling to your sacred past ! Come to-morrow, and bring your sister and Jack, and the board shall be The best that this shop can furnish ; then come here and lire with me.' ****** When the orphans loaded their treasure on the rugged old cart next day, The surprise of a fooWjoard varnish, with all that their love could say: And 'Edith St. John, Our Mother! 'baby Jack gave his little shout, And Bud, like a mountain daisy, went dancing her doll about. But Phil grew white and trembled, and close to the boss he crept, Kissing him like a woman, shivered, and laughed, and wept : ' Do you think, my benefactor, in heaven that she'll be glad ? ' ' Not as glad as you are, Philip, but finish this job, my lad.' —Boston Transcript. 