ItMiiwiMiiiimiiiiiiiHinniiniiiiniiini \\\/OriMnai TafcelSk -ciC-H MftlliilMliltlHIIWiilWWliBiBMllWiMWIIIIHIHlHIIIHWIWHBBlWIlM MY SCOTCH FRIEND j Ob, the CONFESSIONS OF A YOUNG LADY. By Incognita. CHAPTER V. — ( Continued .) I found licr conversation equally charming ; she was so different to anyone I had known before, so different to the girls at school, and then she was so clever, she seemed to know everything, and we soon became friends. in fact I was quite fascinated, and after some time said, 4 1 thought she was like an angel.' ' No !' she replied, 4 angels are bright and fair.' 4 Well, you are very beautiful, few could be com pared with you ; don't you like dark people?' 4 Like them ! the person I love more than anyone in the world is dark ; but I hate my own darkness, and would give my fortune to be as you are, and so fresh and unaffected ; you are something quite new to me, why do you know I was engaged when your age !' ' Engaged j' I cried, in unbounded astonishment. 4 \ cs, at sixteen,' she said, laughing at my surprise, 4 this is the ring, and here is my ' ideal cavalier,' she continued, opening a jewelled locket, suspended from her neck by a slender chain, but all I could discern was a decidedly handsome young face, with a dark mous tache. ' Are you going to marry this person ?' I asked hand ing it back. 4 Of course, we have been engaged four years.' 4 Four years, what a long time, when are you going to be married ?' 4 On my return to France, it will be 4 then or never,5 as Lucicn Bonaparte said, when he aided his brother in overthrowing the directory. I am better now than I have been for a long time, so there will be no excuse, do you speak French ?' 4 No ! I am only learning, but get on very slowly.' 4 Nonsense child ! Rome was not built in a day, it takes a long time to learn a language, besides, you can never speak it correctly, unless you go to France, or converse with French people continually.' 4 Oh then I shall never learn, for I don't know a French person, and suppose I shall never travel, though I should like it.' ' 4 Oh dear ! fancy wanting to travel, why I long to settle down and never stir again.' 4 Why do you go about, if you don't like it V. Because tno doctors order it, I have been almost over the whole of Europe.' 4 And what do the doctors say is the matter with you ?' 4 They don't say anything, but I believe it's con sumption ; I left school when eighteen, on that account, and have been continually on the move ever since, like a regiment in the famous old Guard.' 4 W hat funny things you say ! do you speak French ?' 1 4 Rather ! I am French, or at least call myself so, \ although my mother was Italian, I spoke nothing else until removed to a school, near a university, where there were some English cadets, with whom we became acquainted, of course we soon began to learn English. I liked it much, my favoured student was English, although he spoke my native tongue perfectly.' W as your favourite student afterwards your lover ?' 4 He was ; we knew each other two years, and then lie left to go to the Military Academy at Woolwich. I missed him much, soon after we went abroad.' I cannot possibly imagine how you could become acquainted with the boys at the University ; our mis tress would not let us have an opportunity of speaking to a stranger, she is awfully strict.' 4 Bo were the teachers with us, but what could they do ? they dare not beat us, and we did not care two straws for the lectures or punishment lessons, besides how could we help meeting them when we had so many opportunities, we walked in the same gardens and parks, an.lj1.weu.t the same fetes, and had what we called 4 a millionaire in our school, who was very lavish with her money, and often gave us grand treats, and the Protes tant youths went to the same church I did ; my friend used to come into the garden, where we sat under , 'ecs, and had a most charming and romantic time.' And did the teachers never see you ?' 4 Not often, the garden was large, and full of shrubs and trees ; but sometimes the juniors would inform madame, and she would come down, but my lover was clever, and some coup de >etet always managed to carry us through ; don t look so scandalised child I don't believe there is a thing we would not have done had we been dared.' 4 1 should think it must be nice to have a lover ' 4 There's plenty of time for you to have one ; I never was like you at fifteen, but knew as much as now I was brought up at school from my earliest childhood and being an only child and orphan, my nearest relation Mrs.. Berry, is now my chaperon, and always travels' with me, she is the only friend I have, except the student I mentioned, he was always kind to me and looked over my fits of ill-humour. I was often proud and selfish, and would not speak a word to him if I thought he had in the slightest neglected me ; but he generally coaxed or laughed me into a good temper again.' 4 1 don't wonder you loved him.' 4 And if you saw him you would wonder still less, I seem to see him now, as in the still balmy evenings, after school hours, when he lay stretched along our old wall, speaking French to me in his soft fascinating voice, or sitting on the limb of an old fruit tree, tossing the delicious fruit into my lap, with his pretty hands. I often teased him about his hands, because he thought so much of them, they were so white and shapely ; oh ! those were happy days.' 4 And then he was obliged to leave you ?' 4 Yes,' she answered, in an abstracted tone, 4 1 shall never forget the day he came to bid me good-bye, it was one of those lovely days in the beginning of summer, and I was sitting on the grass under our favourite old pear tree, when he sprang over the wall, his face flushed and excited, and told me his father had decided to send him to England, and he was delighted to go, his only grief being to part from me, and I being young and foolish, covered my face with my hands, and exclaimed passionately, 4 1 know you will forget me, you will see the fair English girls that you are always talking about, and I shall never behold you again.' Then he softly drew my hands from my face, and told me to look at him. 4 1 will never foi-get you, Rosabelle,' he said, 4 there is no one in the world I love half so well, besides, we are engaged, only we want a ring — there, this will do,' and he drew one from his own finger and pressed it gently on mine, exclaiming, 4 some day I will come back and we will be married, and live happily together for ever and ever, like the Prince and Princess in the fairy stories.' 4 And you will never forget me ?' I asked. 4 You should not ask me, Rosabelle, I tell you I will not, could not ; but am so hurried now ; — think of me sometimes darling ; farewell ! Should you die before me, I will still remember you, though the grass may grow green upon your grave.' 4 What a funny thing to say,' I interrupted. 4 Yes, but that was his way of talking ; he then pressed his lips to my hands and forehead, sprang over the wall and disappeared, and I threw myself in despair- on the ground, and cried until I thought my heart would break.. .Next, day my head was so bad, they actually sent for a.doctor, who thought I had a feverish cold, how mistaken he was,' and she laughed at the recollection of it. .. 4 And -have you never seen him since?' 4 Never, from that day to this, but occasionally I have heard ot mm ; we could not meet, he has been working hard in England, whereas I have been touring, and trying to make the most of my miserable life.' 4 It seems like a part taken out of a romantic story ; I never thought such things were true.' 4 It is singular that I have told it to you, a perfect stranger, never having breathed a word of it to a living soul before, not 'even Mrs. Berry, who often scolds me for continually refusing excellent offers qf marriage. J I do not wonder at that, you are so beautiful,' I interrupted. 4 Having once opened my font of sentimentality, I could go on telling you little recollections of my happy school days for evermore, you are a good listener, and don't interrupt me with experiences of your own, besides you are not inquisitive, I would like to have you for a companion and friend always.' We were here interrupted by the dinner bell. _ 4 That is only the first bell, I must dress,' she said, rising and pushing her rumpled hair from her noble looking brow, 4 Lady Dudley follows the homely custom of dining at one to suit those children, I would not do it.' At dinner I was of course presented to 4 those children,' who were quiet and ladylike ; Mrs. Berry I did not like much, as she evidently considered herself the most important person present. She spoke in a very grand style about her travels and knowledge of everyone worth knowing. Rosabelle seemed quite another person in her presence ; she donned an un approachable and haughty expression, and rarely spoke, when she did Mrs. Berry always found some thing in it to mildly contradict, which Rosabelle would answer in the most scornful and icy tone, so it was plainly evident to me they neither understood each other, and I did not wonder Rosabelle had never opened her heart to Mrs. Berry, for she was far too mercenary and worldly to take any notice of school love, or true love at all. Doubtless she thought it great nonsense, and tried to laugh Rosabelle out of it, not but what she would have to cope with as an uncontrollable a will and iron resolution as her own. Lady Dudley tried in the most charming manner to ease over their sarcastic and cold remarks, and I seemed to like her better every minute. After dinner she told me there was a nice library which perhaps would amuse me until the children's school hours were over, and they wou, 1 intro duce me to the nursery and its wonders, whh she believed I was still child enough to enjoy. But Rosabelle turned to me in more of a commanding than an entreating voice, exclaimed, 4 come with me into mv boudoir first 1' which I of course did. She sank languidly into an easy chair, and pointed for me to do the same. 4 1 know you were uninterested in our, or at least Mrs. Berry's conversation at dinner, but she has not the slightest idea of making anything interesting ; she always speaks of the highest people we have met, and the riohest, and what they said and did, throwing out gentle hints about those who have wanted to marry me, it is altogether horrid. I will tell you about other matters which will be better than reading and forth with she began in the most lively and brilliant manner to relate different incidents and anecdotes which had occurred during their tour, and went from the beauties of France to the wonders of Rome, and the different funny characters they had met at the German baths, the grand scenery of the Rhine, and in a very vivid manner, which delighted and amazed me. She was just describing a pleasure party in gondolas at Venice, when she suddenly stopped, and said abruptly, 4 you will never mention anything about what I said this morning, will you ? because if anything happened that I did not marry him, I should not like anyone to know.' I fervently assured her not a word of it should ever pass my lips, when she jumped up, exclaiming, 4 by-the- bye, I want to write a letter for the outgoing mail, can't you find something to amuse yourself with ? Ah ! there is my album, look through that.' She was changeable and impulsive in every action and speech, and rather puzzled me, for after saying she could talk for ever about her school days, since dinner she had never mentioned them, in fact she avoided the subject altogether ; perhaps she was sorry she had brought it up at all. I felt rather relieved by the entrance of Edith, the eldest of the children, who had come to take me to see the nursery. After visiting this, preparations for my departure were made. Rosabelle was asleep when I left ; so I did not see her again. Immediately on my return to school the girls were ready with endless questions, and it would have been easier to extricate one's self from a swarm of bees than get rid of them without satisfying their curiosity ; how ever, school duties to be prepUredfor Monday proved a plausable excuse for me to leave them, without drop ping a word about Rosabelle Dumas, although it was hard to keep such a pretty romance a secret, knowing it was just the thing that would delight them. During the following week I received a note from Rosabelle, inviting me to spend the Christmas holidays with her, as she would be almost alone, as Lady Dudley was going to take the little girls to another colony for their, holidays. It is needless to state, in reply I gladly accepted her welcome invitation. 4 Well, Rose,' she exclaimed, on seeing me, 4 1 call you Rose, because you put me so much in mind of one ; you see me a la invalid, but it is merely a cold I caught when seeing them off yesterday by train. The change crave it me. T hone it won't Rt.1V 1f)T10\ it is BO nrmmlrimv V I 45 O ' just when I was getting better.' After dinner she became very restless, and I proposed reading, which pleased her very much. 4 There is almost every well-known book in the library, what shall it be ? Some of Soott's 4 Marmion,' 4 that is awfully interesting,' I said, wanting to read it again myself. 4 Too interesting, too much like history, I should get excited and never go to sleep ; some other poetrv.' 4 Well, 4 Tlialaba the Destroyer,' 1 have not finished it myself.' 4 What is it about ?' 4 Oh, it's a sort of imaginary thing, all about spirits, and sorcerers, and a cave, called the Domdaniel cave.' 4 What a name; it sounds heathenish, yes, that will do, I like imaginary things.' I fetched the book and began, but poor Rosabelle soon fell asleep ; when she awoke again, she coughed badly, and complained of a pain in her chest ; 4 Ring the bell, please,' she said. When the servant came, she desired one of the best doctors to be sent for ; before his arrival she was very impatient, and her face looked flushed. The doctor said he thought it only an ordinary cold, and would send medicine in the morning. The 4 ordinary cold,' however, proved to be more serious than he thought, for Rosabelle was confined to her bed for a fortnight, and ordered not to be in the night air for at least a month afterwards. During her illness she called me her only comfort, although I did little but read to and give her physic, which she would not take from anyone else. Mr. Hay came to see us occa sionally, and once insisted on my having a little airing so we walked in the garden, and he asked if I was getting tired of school ? to which I answered that I did not care to leave it, unless to go abroad, as Rosabelle had inspired me with the glories of Europe. I after wards gathered from Mr. Hay that he did not consider Rosabelle a very desirable companion for me, which rather piqued me, and I told him we had vowed ever lasting friendship, and to help each other in any way we could, at which he smiled and did not answer ; I dare say he thought he had made a mistake. When I had been there about a month, Mr. Hay came one afternoon to take us to Blondel's circus and menagerie, but Rosabelle did not want to go. I was of course, in raptures, having never seen anything of the sort before, and felt disappointed when Mr. Hay hesitated about going, after Rosabelle refused.' 4 Do let's go,' 1 exclaimed,' I will not be troublesome, and the sight of those wonderful animals will be nearly as good as travelling, so Mr. Hay, do let's go !' After more coaxing, he finally consented, and we passed a pleasant afternoon, and I returned full of news for Rosabelle, but her head was too bad to listen that night. Lady Dudley returned a week before I left, and was very pleased to hear of my having been useful to Rosa belle, and that we were such good friends. Soon after her return Mr. Hay took us all to the theatre, which I at least enjoyed ; having not the slightest idea till then what a theatre was like. The afternoon of my departure finally arrived, and when the carriage came to take me away, Rosabelle suddenly decided she would like to accompany me. The first part of our drive we were unusually silent, neither being in the best spirits; at length Rosabelle seemed to rouse herself from reverie, saying, '. I wouder when, or whether we shall ever meet again.' ' Are you going away ?' 'Yes ! did I not tell you, I was particularly ordered not to stay here after the warm weather, but spend winter in France. or. Italy, and shall leave directly after Easter. I do not consider it proper, when there is no necessity, to travel about and enjoy one's-self during Lententide, do you ?' ' I have never thought about it,' I answered in a little surprise. ' But we are straying from the question of meeting again, the world is very large, perhaps we never shall meet.' ' If we never do on earth, at least let us hope we shall in that land where partings are unknown.' ' Do you know, sometimes I long for that Heavenly Rest, having had so little here, and sometimes I think it will not be long before I die.' ' You should not think so, you are better now Rosa- beHe.' ' D Uu A lllklj' bUUil Ul» 11L u>llw CvlLl j UUllg vU ulC f I don't want to die yet,' she answered, shuddering, and covering her face with her hands. ' I want to live longer, and enjoy God's beautiful earth, which he has made for us to be happy in.' ' Dear Rosabelle ! do not grieve,' I said, moving her hands away, ' you look so well to-day.' ' Well, perhaps I do make a mountain out of a mole hill, but somehow I feel very desponding just now.' Our dialogue was only stopped by reaching the journey's end. 'Good-bye, dear Rosabelle!' I said kissing her, ' don't let us forget our promise of friendship.' ' I shall not, farewell, sweet English rose.' Alter I had alighted, she leant from the carriage window and kissed her hand to me ; a bright colour, had niantled into her pale cheeks, and as I gazed after her, thinking never more to see one so beautiful ; I half envied, half pitied her. Afder my long Christmas holidays at Lady Dudley's, nothing eventful occurred during a monotonous year : I performed my routine duties, ' week in, week out, from morn till night,' in as satisfactory a manner as the blacksmith in the poetry ; and old Father Christ mas again rolled round with pleasures and gifts, giving plum pudding and turkey to the rich, and green boughs, decorated with lollies and candles, to the poor, and fragments for the beggars. During the year I visited Lady Dudley several times, and she occasionally came to see me ; Rosabelle left after Easter on her travels. r\\., r»V IT nftrtV P.lnMofmoC lVTvC SljOIYnOPfl Willi liVCiUUj OUUJ Ulj ttiai VIIIIOUUIHC, w Mi.vppmvt told me to go into the drawing-room as Mr. Hay wanted to see me. Entering the apartment I observed the gas lighted, which was only done for particular visitors. ' Oh ! Mr. Hay, I'm so delighted to see you !' I cried, bounding in in my familiar manner ; he was standing near the table, and looked rather grave, and not as he generally did with me. ' But I did not come on purpose to see you to-night, but on business.' ' Business !' ' Yes ! How would you like to leave school ?' ' And go where ?' ' Abroad.' ' Surely you do not mean it, how could I go abroad?' ' Lady Dudley is returning -to England, and if you would really like to go you can accompany her, partly as a companion, and partly to teach the children on the voyage ; would you like that ?' ' Oh, Mr. Hay !' I cried, with cheeks glowing with delight, and eyes sparkling with excitement, ' how can you doubt that I should like to go ? Lady Dudley is indeed kind to think of me ; the prospect is beautiful, it's like a dream !' and I clasped my hands in an ecstasy of pleasure, but he did not join in my mirth, watching me with a smile half sad, half amused. ' Are you sorry for me to go?' I said in a breathless whisper, seizing his hand. ' God forbid child ! that I should be sorry for you to have such pleasure, I should not have come here to night, but knew you longed to see the world, just as the impatient eaglets long to leave the old nest, and soar towards heaven ;' but, he added, laughing a little, t J Pope you do not think to be nearer heaven in your ideal city, for you will be sadly mistaken.' ' But, are you not going too ?' ' bio ; why? did you imagine so? ' Oh yes ; why don't you go ?' ' I have too much to attend to at present ; besides, I told you once before, travelling is not much pleasure to me.' ' And shall I never see you again, or am I to come back to school ?' ' You will not return to school again, so don't let that thought mar any of your pleasure ; and as to seeing me again, why very likely 1 shall visit Europe in the course of a year or two.' ' That will be best of all, a year is long enough, do say a year ; 1 could not wait two, with so much to tell you : I shall quite long to see. you ; I can hardly think it is all true ; but you would not jest ; when are we to start ?' ' The vessel sails a week from to day, but Lady Dudley wants you to leave here to-morrow for her house, because there are many things to arrange. I must speak to your mistress ; please tell her to come in, and I will settle with her about your leaving sud denly.' . ' Yes, you will do, it' so much the best,' I answered, leaving the roomr During , Mrs.' Sheppard's discourse with Mr. Hay I was in a state of the wildest excitement, and could not refrain from telling each of the girls my good luck, and the glorious sights and things in store for me, and even went in confidence so far as to tell them of the dis tinguished lady I was going to travel with. When Mrs. Sheppard returned I eagarly enquired about Mr. Hay, but she said he had already left. It was disappointing for him to have gone off so quickly, but I soon forgot it when Mrs. Sheppard said there was no need to continue my lessons, as they would not have to be said, and that I had better begin to pack up my things, as a cab was to come for me at ten tlie next morning. Having gathered all my books and materials together, assisted by some of the girls and poor Bridget, by the time the cab came everything was in readiness. All seemed so sudden, I could scarcely credit I was going over the ocean, going to Europe. At the very last, I seemed to feel I loved everyone in tlie world, and kissed all in the school, Bridget included, TffnA nf r\oi»fir r» hnoAtnan o cm oil lwAAAh nr»An Laa« uv u omaii uivvuii itjji/ii ucg- ging I would sometimes wear it for her 6ake, which I faithfully promised to do. I was certainly sad at leaving the old schoolroom, and glanced round its map covered walls, with its book-lined shelves and inky desks, for the last time, then through the sweet-scented garden, and lastly the familiar little gate, which I had passed in and out of for eighteen months, industrious, uninterrupted months, if not happy ones (they could scarcely be that compared With what was coming), for the very last time, and thus- ended my school life. The week at Lady Dudley's appeared to pass very quickly ; it was mostly spent in getting and making clothes for our long sea voyage, for we were going in a sailing vessel. I must have worried Lady Dudley sadly, by continually asking questions, such as how long it would take to reach England ? Whcthsr she would go to France ? How near London her house was ? Whether the things in Paris were very lovely ? and so on all day long. The leave-taking with my brothers and sisters was of short duration, Ellen was the only one who seemed really pleased to see me, I was secretly afraid she might be envious of my good .luck, whilst she had to stop toiling on at school, but was mistaken ; she in formed me with great glee, that she had been promoted as teacher- of a higher class, which fully occupied her mind. Little Archie had only just began to attend school, so was very shy, and having nearly forgotten me, great persuasion was necessary to induce him to kiss me ; he had been shorn of his pretty curls, and wore a knickerbocker suit. Tliev all looked well and happy, and Ellen said, after all aunts were not so bad, on the strength of which, I mustered up courage enough to send them my love. The evening before starting, Mr. Hay came to ar range about our luggage, and to say he would meet us at the railway station, which he did ; the day was nice and cool, though a drizzling rain did not tend to im prove the aspect of the Port, but I did not mind it, my happy, joyous spirits rivalled the day and the rain. Lady Dudley, accompanied by the children, went to bid farewell to a friend, and Mr. Hay said he would take me down to the wharf and show me over the ship, so he and I were destined again to walk through the Port together. I was highly delighted with the novel ties on board, and Mr. Hay explained everything nicely ; it was great fun to me to see the jolly-looking sailors running to and fro, and hear the officers giving orders in loud stern voices, and then the Chinese cooks, so comical, with their long plaits, bustling and trotting about, grinning the whole time. Mr. Hay soon after left me on the upper deck, and went for Lady Dudley. I wanted, of course, to accompany him, but he said it was too muddy, and that my: feet had touched Australian ground for the last time. So I amused myself watch ing some birds, shut up in big cages, goingto England, which they did not seem to relish, for they flew back wards and forwards in an aimless way. They looked so familiar that I wondered whether any of them had come from our old home. Poor things ! they would never enjoy the beautiful brooks and flowers again, or pour forth their happy joyous carols in the tall tree tops. I was still watching their hopping and fluttering, when Mr. Hay returned, and then the dinner-bell rang, which every one seemed glad of ; but I was too excited to have an appetite, so watched the strangers, wtnen anoraeu me mucn nmusemeiiL. .t-i-s me (-nip was not to start until daylight the next morning, the pas sengers' friends had liberty to stay on board as long as they liked. After dinner Mr. Hav went- on deck, and entered into conversation with several gentlemen, and Lady Dudley was engaged in her cabin, arranging her things, so I was left alone in the saloon, where one of the - pas sengers sat down to the piano, and dashed into the brilliant ' Love Waltzes.' Everything at that moment combined to make me feel in a kind of mazy dream ; the gay, giddy music fascinated me, and I drew a.s near the instrument as possible, and fell into an enchanting. reverie, of fairies and princes, myself figuring amongst them ; but the spell of my fantastic imagination was broken by a singularly earthly, but also kind voice, say- ing, ' You are not melancholy already, are you ?' ' No. only I have had a day dream,' I cried, clasping my hands with delight, ' all of which may come to pass in my brilliant future, with the lovely things in store for me. Did any one ever feel as I do, when they be gan their travels, do you think, Mr. Hay ?' ' Yery likely some have, especially when they have been very young, and seen nothing whatever of life, but they were invariably disappointed. Don't , set your mind too much, dear child, on gaining happiness, just because you are about to see a little of the world. Do not expect too much from gay pleasure loving Paris, or your deathless roses— and your castles in the air will grow fainter and fainter until 'they vanish altogether. The time may yet come when you will look back and think that your childhood's home amongst the birds and flowers, and your smoothly-gliding schooldays, were the happiest time of your life.' ' Mr. Hay ! you are not a philosopher, or you would not always look at the dismal side of things ; I used to do so one time, but now I only see the beautiful bright side.' ' You are a philosopher, then !' he exclaimed, smil ing into my eyes, with a half-amused expression. ' At this moment,' I said, laughing, ' but cannot say how long my philosophical mood will last — most likely only while there is a plainly visible ' bright side' to look at.' At that moment the clock indicated half-past eight. ' There ! — do you see the time ? I promised to go up by the nine train,' Mr. Hay said, rising. After making his adieux to Lady Dudley, and the little girls, he turned to me. The thought of parting, perhaps for ever, from him, until then had never come into my mind ; but his words brought me back from the fair land of dreams and imaginations to the fact that he was just going ; that in a few days the waters of the mighty Pacific would roll between us, a lump seemed to rise in my throat ; and when he turned to me, saying, in quite a cheerful voice, ' Well, little one ; at last.' ' You must not go now. Why cannot you wait till the last train? You must wait a little longer,' I quickly interrupted. ' I cannot possibly, child. I promised to meet some one in town just after nine.' ' Bother the people, they never seem to give you a moment's peace ; they might have the sense to know you want to enjoy yourself occasionally. I dare say they have plenty of pleasure.' ' Perhaps so ; but it was not exactly their fault.' ' Let me come on deck with you.' ' You had better not ; it is dark and cold there.' ' I don't care for that, as I should like to see the very last of you,' said I, jumping up, with tears filling my eyes. ' Come along, then ; I could not refuse your last request. Good-bye Lady Dudley, take great care of this precious wilful Princess.' We made our way on deck ; it was nearly deserted, fVimiorVi n. fnw nprmla waya ati oa cafl in n c-nivif.a/1 nrmvavc- « »' " £ J.-''-' 1 ation at the further end. We walked in silence to the vessel's side, where Mr. Hay took my hands in his, and said, in a grave tone, ' You are going, child, into a strange land — amongst strangers — and will, I dare say, go out a great deal, and become acquainted with many. You will be flattered, admired, and, I hope, loved ; and all you have to do is not to be spoilt. Of course you will change — that you will not be able to help. I have done the best in my power for you — now my only wish is, that you may not be disappointed, or' have occasion to say you wished you had not gone ; but never forget it was entirely your own desire !' Mr. Hay !' I cried, passionately, with hot tears drop ping on to his bands, ' If you do not want me to go, I will not ; you do not know how long I have wished to show my gratitude and love to you, but will do so now — it is not too late. If you are afraid I shall be spoilt, or drowned, or killed, I will stay for ever at the school, and not think of my own pleasure again.' 'No, no ! dear child ; it is my pleasure for you to enjoy yourself as much as you can ; the time for doing so is sometimes very short.' ' Then you must make a faithful promise to come and see me in exactly a year ?' I asked pleadingly, ' Yes, I promise !' — and I knew he would keep his word. I leant over the side, and gazed into the deep dark ocean. ' Mr. ITay ! tell me, do you think I am doing wrong in going.' 'Wrong! oh no, nothing wrong. If ever you are tempted, think how deeply it would grieve me. if no one else. Remember me, when far away in England.' ' Every day, every hour I will do so ; I shall never, never forget you, as long as I live,' I cried, bursting into fresh tears, and throwing myself into his arms, feeling as if my heart would break. ' Do not'ery, child ; I cannot hear to sec you grieve,' he answered, in a strangely entreating voice, unlocking my arms, and placing- me on the nearest seat; ' ymu dear little heart is too kind to quite forget me,' he added, stroking my hair softly, 'and I do not want our parting to be a sad one, because we may not meet again ; there are so many things which might happen, but if you will always remember my last words, you will find them use ful. Let Faith be your motto, and God be your- guide.' ' Oh, I always will !' I exclaimed. At that moment nine o'clock struck, and hurriedly stooping and kissing my tearful face, lie said, ' Good-bye, my dearest child my darling farewell.' An instant more and lie was gone, and little did I then guess, under what very different circumstances we should again meet. CHAPTER VI. my second voyage. The next day it was late when I arose. We had been sailing with a fair wind- for hours. There was not a trace of land visible, and we were fairly launched on the 4 deep, deep sea.' Breakfast over, I went on deck, and sat musing. My spirits were anything but joyous, and sensations of the woeful malady, sea-sickness, were coming on, for it was very windy and rough. I watched the big waves tumbling in an unceasing monotonous manner, some rising higher and stronger than others, and breaking with an angry crash against the vessels side, as if to say, 4 1 am mightier than thou.' I watched them with a kind of awe, feeling I half loved, half hated the grand, yet cruel, life-taking ocean. Many brave lives had been doomed to its fathomless depths. I thought of brave Kempenfeldt, with his 4 twice five hundred men," and the brilliant young Prince, with his gay com panions, in the White Ship, lost in a moment. Poor little Casabianca must have gazed upon its dark, surging waters with feelings of dread, as the roaring flames encompassed him. And when the mighty waves of the Bed Sea had parted, and the Israelites had passed safely through, it closed again, covering the impatient Egyptians, the revengeful and cruel taskmasters, who, in their boastful ignorance, thought to overtake those who, thus aided, had 4 God for their Guide.' 4 It is I, be not afraid.' Suddenly those most beau tiful words of- our Divine Master came to me, as I tried to imagine a picture I had seen of the Apostles, those favored of men, terrified at the storm while Jesus, walk ing on the waves, uttered comforting words, from which we, too, might also receive some of the comfort. Shortly after I was interrupted by Lady Dudley call ing me. My thoughts, like my words and actions, were always according to my frame of mind, and when sad or un happy I invariably thought of all the most melancholy reminiscences it could conjure up ; when cheerful and happy, my fantastic reveries were gay, and castles in the air rose to a preposterous height, and were generally razed to the ground as suddenly as built. At other times I conceived the most weird and ghostly things ; at school I often used to make the girls afraid to go to bed, and Bridget firmly believed me inspired by good or evil genii, as the case might be. On joining Lady Dudley, she placed ten pounds in my hands, and upon my enquiring if I had earned them, she replied 4 Yes.' I was, of course, vastly delighted, and placed the coins carefully at the bottom of my trunk, and amused myself in imagination in spending them in the best and largest shops in Paris. After a brief acquaintance, our passengers proved for the most part pleasant, sociable people. Lady Dudley was naturally reserved, and did not mix with the pas sengers more than was absolutely necessary. Most of my time was passed with her daughters. I read to them from books Lady Dudley had brought on purpose, and told them interesting stories, and although we often sat down to study in earnest, it ended quickly in play. I soon became firm friends with the Captain's son, Den bigh Lauton, a pale delicate youth, about my own age. He informed me his father had taken him to Australia, to recruit his health ; that on his return to England, he was going to College, and when his education was finished, he was to become a clergyman of the Church of Eng land. He was so fond of telling me his future prospects, and talking of himself, that I used to get tired of him, and tell him more candidly than courteously to go away, whereat he generally withdrew to a distance and made a sketch of me. Drawing was certainly his forte, and on that account I liked him. Denbigh used occasionally to read the prayers, which he did in the most common matter-of-fact tone, like an uninteresting story. Once, when I had quarrelled with him — a thing which often happened — I told him I could read better myself, and gave it as my opinion he was not fit to be a clergyman. 4 What would you advise me to be?' he asked eagerly. 4 Oh, well ! — if, having made up your mind on one thing so long, you could alter so suddenly, you are fit for nothing.' 4 Why don't you think I would make a clergyman ?' 4 Because you are not the least religious.' 4 1 don't see how I can be different, and I don't wan't to be always talking about 4 receiving grace,' as though I was an agent of Brigliam Young's, and wanted to decoy yon away to Salt Lake.' Don't use such language ; you know I did not mean anything so absurd ! If you can't talk more sensibly, please give someone else the benefit of your conversation.' 4 But there's no one else I like talking to half so much.' 4 Well, I can't return the compliment, Denbigh, so go away, and let me finish reading to the children' — 4 Those delightful legends of the Rhine I never cared for till you read them, so let me sit near, and listen. 4 \ ou will, whether I like it or not ! Why, you haunt me like a ghost !' My liking for Denbigh was on the wane, and soon turned to positive dislike, for he actually told me he loved me ; not the common love, but something out oi the way. At first I laughed, and made all sorts of fun of it ; but finding liim in earnest, grew angry, and asked him if he thought I was going to marry a ridiculous boy, who seemed devoid of common sense, to which he said he never expected me to marry him until he was an ordained clergyman ; he only wanted me to promise — rand, as everyone said, when I did anything out of the way, that I ought still to be in the nursery, I thought it a very clever repartee on my part to tell him the same. By manoeuvering he contrived for us to be alone during this interview, which lasted a long time, but the most ludicrous matter were the, innumerable interruptions. First, Denbigh's father, who asked whatever we could find to talk about, which made Denbigh's face scarlet — and, what surprised me most, was the wonderful manner he took up the narrative after each interruption. He persisted in going through.it, so I told him he must have read a love-scene in a book, which he was imitating ; and when he had done,. I made my winding-up speech and left' him. After this he sulked fully a week, and then rallied, and was by turns sour and sad. Some times he would forget, and heartily join in a bit of fun with me, but suddenly would grow melodramatic, sigh, and say touching sentimental things. At length we arrived at the renowned island of Saint Helena, and spent a few pleasant days in delightful walks and drives there. I thought how often Napo leon must have gazed upon the picturesque scenery, and with what different feelings to mine ; how long and weary the years of exile must have seemed, how monotonous each succeeding day, especially after his active and brilliant career ; I imagined him pacing the quiet valleys, planning some intricate manner of escape or campaign, which was again to prostrate Europe at his all-conquering feet. All the histories and essays I had read seemed hard and harsh criticims on him, and I always maintained that nineteen out of every twenty men suddenly rising to such a position by superior talents, and becoming so caressed and flattered, would have been fifty times worse. The day we left the island Lady Dudley called me into her cabin to enquire if I would like to enclose a letter in hers to Mr. Hay, which I eagerly consented to do ; so wrote the following : — 4 Dear Mr. Hay — We have been staying a few days at Saint Helena, and having a most enjoyable time in the island. I wish you had been here, as you would have liked it much. I went to see the tomb of my hero, the Great Napoleon, which reminded me of my themes on him at school, with which Mr6. Sheppard used to be vexed, and asked if I did not think if there were not other modern geniuses who could be praised. I cannot write much because Lady Dudley is in:a hurry to have it posted, and we sail soon. There are some pressed leaves in here from Napoleon's grave. I have had an offer of marriage from the captain's son, quite a boy. I should like to tell you all about it, as it was so absurd. I am sure you will laugh, though I felt annoyed with him. We are pretty good friends again though he has tried to be melodramatic ever since. With love, believe me ever to be your affectionate little friend, 4 Mary Clare.' 4 P.S. — I have not forgotten your parting advice.' Some time after a storm — the first I had seen at sea — came on. It began early in the evening, and as hour after hour passed it grew worse. The ladies and chil dren were terrified, and-Benbigli Lauton turned pale at the first crash of thunder. Most of the people went below, leaving me on deck. 1 could hear the captain and sailors shouting to each other, but could not see a thing, except when vivid lightning illumined the scene. I clung to the vessel's side, and gazed on the roaring waters as though rooted to the spot. To me it was a grand and glorious sight, because not the least afraid. In childhood I often cried to be allowed to sit at the window and see the 44 pretty lightning." Some foolish people think it is a sign of the world coming to an end, but I knew that thunder was only the bursting of com bustible clouds, and lightning was but a stream of electric fire. After a short time the captain passed by. 4 Dear me, are you here all alone, child ; ain't you frightened ?" 4 No. not in the least ; I would not miss seeing it for all the world. Pray let me remain, captain !' 4 Certainly, as long as you like ; you are a very courageous girl. I must point you out as an example to some of our gentlemen passengers, who seem rather fearful of meeting a watery grave to-night." And the jolly old captain went off laughing at what he evidently considered a witty sally. Soon after Denbigh joined me. I wished him away, as I was thinking of the thunder storms we used to have at home. As he approached a vivid flash of lightning revealed his face, which was actually pale. 4 1 wish I had never. come to sea. Isn't this dreadful V 4 No, not dreadful at all. What a coward you must be. Why, I call it a magnificent sight.' 4 You are brave. Have you been praying?' he asked, lowering his voice to a whisper. 4 Praying ! I should think not, though I might do that if the lightning struck the ship, or a thunderbolt dropped on deck." 4 Yes, but surely we might pray for the storm to abate.' 4 You are a most unreasonable boy, Denbigh ; you know God does not perform miracles now-a- days. If we had a storm ten times worse than this we are not blessed as the Apostles of old, who had only to call upon their Sacred Master, and he arose and rebuked the angry waves, and they were at rest.' I wondered afterwards how I could say so much, being always reserved on religious subjects. 4 You seem to know how to say the right thing.' he answered, 4 and I feel braver since coming here. Shall I fetch a seat ?' 4 Yes, you may.' As I finished speaking a terrible crash of thunder burst immediately over our heads, followed by a long streak of lightning, which fully revealed the dark lowering clouds, which seemed to join the roaring angry waves. The lightning lasted so long that I had time to gaze on it with a fascinated awe but Denbigh turned away with a frightened shudder. The next morning was beautifully clear. The rain had poured down during the night, but everyone had recovered themselves, and congratulated me on my dauntless nature. I said it was as good as a magic lantern, and tried to describe the grand effect of the ocean illuminated by lightning which was not easy to do. Nothing else worth relating occurred during the rest of our voyage, and we ultimately sailed into the Thames in grand style. Before landing I asked Lady Dudley if I might invite Denbigh Lauton to her house occasionally, because he had many times regretted having no home, and actually had tears in his eyes when he said 44 he supposed wo should never meet again but she said she was not fond of hobbledehoys,, and politely declined befriending Denbigh. Of course I did not tell him so ; and at parting he swore directly lie was ordained he would find mo out if I lived at the uttermost end of the world, if only to have the pleasure of letting me know ; and I being very amiable just then, graciously consented to his doing so. Lady Dudley's house was in Kent ; and after going a short distance by train we alighted, and were met at the station by the coachman, who had a carriage wait ing. I fully realised that I was on old English ground a spot some people would give almost all they pos sessed to be able once again to see, sod that every inch was world-renowned. I was in a state of the wildest excitement, and once or twice my exuberant demonstrations became so loud that Lady Dudley was obliged to check them. It was one of those lovely days in that most beautiful of all English months, May ; and as we drove through the green lanes, bordered with their neat, well-kept hedges, I thought of the odes and rhymes dedicated to this the fairest time of all the year. They were not exaggerated ; there were the smooth, luxuriant meadows, studded over with sweet flowers, and a lark carolling as it mounted towards the sky. I wanted Lady Dudley to let me alight and see if I could find its nest, but she said it would be useless. We passed innumerable pretty things ; the rosiest little cottage children, with their flaxen hair and wondering blue eyes, leaving off gathering nuts and flowers to watch us go by, and the whitest lambs, feeding near the rippling brooks, all in exquisite accordance with the rustic rhymes referred to. Then came some gipsies, bivouacked on the velvet green sward in a lane, with their great rumbling old van drawn up in picturesque style close by. The gipsies were all I was disappointed in ; they looked dirty and horrid, not the least as I had expected to see them, Once, after reading the opera of the ,4 Bohemian Girl," I wished I were a gipsy ; but after seeing these such desires vanished. Lady Dudley laughed at my disappointment, and asked if I would like to have my fortune told ; but I heartily declined, feeling half afraid to pass the savage- looking creatures, much more to get out ; but for all that could not refrain from tossing sixpence to a hungry- looking, briglit-eyed child, who was gazing at me, and was just in time to see half-a-dozen hands make a grasp at it. I could hardly imagine it ivas gipsies like these that Josephine gave her hand to, when they fore told she would one day be Empress of France, Lady Dudley's house was near a little village, and situated in a somewhat lonely place, surrounded by nice grounds and a lovely garden. We were greeted on our arrival by Mrs. Lang, the housekeeper, who had servants, and everything in readiness for us. I found afterwards she was highly valued by Lady Dudley, and I always had a partiality towards servants, especially elderly ones ; pro bably because they reminded me of poor old nurse. There was a delicious tea prepared, for which, on chang ing our travelling dresses we were quite ready. After wards Edith and Beatrice took me to see their gardens, and we stayed out playing until it was quite dark, and I heard the sweet melody of a nightingale for the first time. I had a fine large room all to myself ; no tire some girls as at school boring one with their nonsen sical talk, and making impertinent remarks. Glass doors led from my room to a wide balcony, and before locking them I stepped out, and gazed at the beautiful scenery. Beyond the shrubbery there was a smooth meadow, with a creek running through it, and in the moonlight it sparkled in bright little sheets, "while the merry croaking of the bullfrogs almost rivalled the dis tant nightingale. I could have stayed much longer admiring the pretty scene and listening to the various sweet sounds, but after an exciting day, felt tired ; so, bidding farewell to my 4 guiding star,' retired, and soon fell asleep. During the following week Lady Dudley did little else but receive visitors and return calls. In the latter I generally accompanied her, because she said I must wear off my school-girl manners before going to London, I rather liked it, because it afforded me an opportunity of studying different characters, and I often amused Lady Dudley by giving an opinion of the people we had been to see, with their peculiarities. When the time arrived for us to visit London I began to feel like a fashionable young lady, and always had a maid to help me dress. She appeared to be astonished at my odd notions and fancies, for I made her sit down while I did everything, merely asking her how my dress looked ; but finding her ideas superior to mine, finally placed myself entirely under her hands, for Ncta was French, and had exquisite taste. I felt a little disappointed in London, it was so differ- ent to what I imagined it would be. There were crowds and crowds of people, and I gazed on the moving mass in bewilderment ; for somehow they appeared wrapped up in themselves, full of important business, such as rushing off to catch a train, or return ing from a funeral. Truly I comprehended that grand, ancient old London, was a terrible place, and contained people of every description and nationality. We stayed with relations of Lady Dudley, who lived in grand style. They were very kind, and had great pleasure in taking me out. Of course we visited all the principal sights of the metropolis. I wanted to hear service in Westminster Abbey. It was too crowded -4-1-1 rlfttr nrs\ iwav>1- nn/i +L T nn/i « er\l n«ni/1 Iim o AT iltUU Vlt J YTC HUilV y MUU UliUUgU X X1UU U OJ-UlViXU 11XX1U \JX it, was almost sorry when we returned to Lady Dudley's residence, in the country. It was delightful to wander over the beautiful sunny meadows, with Edith and Beatrice, to gather wild fruit and nuts from the hedges, .and decorate each other with wreaths' made from the sweetest flowers we could cull. Ah ! those were dreamy, calm days, after busy London, and reminded me some what of my childhood's home. However, I soon tired of playing with the two little girls in the meadows, and having once seen something of the great world, longed for it again, and was nearly frantic with joy when at breakfast one morning Lady Dudlev sni/1 1 eided that. A"j ,lDlb -1- aris CHAPTER VII. LOUIS ST. ARELEY. It did not take long preparation, as all we wanted could be purchased in Paris. It was perfectly cliaiming <ming there ; the weather was everything desirable, and -the people on the steamboat and railway officials were very kind and: polite ; possibly because we were English, or in consequence of my imperfect French, or manners, which seemed different to theirs. It was evening when Pnvia nnrl. walkinsr ud one of the prin- cipal streets, the splendour quite dazzled _ me, and I fully believed in the saying, 4 See Paris and live.' Everyone seemed gay, and laughed and talked so fast that it was quite impossible to understand a word. We were met at the station by Mr. Hay's nephew, Louis St. Areley, and he accompanied us in our walks. We entered one of the beautiful fancy shops, in which the lovely things and gracefully dressed girls were very attractive. Lady Dudley bought me gloves and a pretty cloak, and then went into another depaitment to select a headdress for herself. Louis St. Areley saying we should be back in a few minutes, drew my hand under his arm and conducted me up the street. There was a band playing in the distance, and I began to think I had reached fairyland at last. Having arrived at a place where they sold plants and flowers, he told me to choose a bouquet ; which I did. When we re joined Lady Dudley, I asked her to buy a head-dress for me, but she laughed, and said it was enough for girls who were still in short dresses to take their hats off. We went to the opera, were rather late, and on o-oing in the .first piece had begun. It seemed like a dazzling vision, and I could not take my eyes off tlie scene, although not understanding a word, for it was Italian ; but Louis interpreted the most particular passages, though he scarcely looked at the performers . himself, but seemed gazing at me the whole time. Whenever I looked up he was watching me with so earnest an expression that I thought it was not proper to appear too wrapt up in the opera, so leant back m the box for the first time, and also for the first time really looked at him, and came to the conclusion he was the handsomest person I had ever seen. He was not tall, but very lithe and graceful. 4 You are Mr. Hay's nephew, are you not ? 1 asked after a moment's pause, not knowing what else to say. 4 Yes ! What sort of an old fellow is he ? Worthy of having me for a relation, do you think ; < yes quite ; but he is not particularly old.' 'Isn't he? Well, I always imagined him quite an old fogey ; is he good looking ? < Vnc . T rrmsider him very nice, was my reply, thinking' of Mr. Hay's pleasant,' kindly smile, and grave, gentle voice. ' Have you never seen him ? ' 4 No ! When he was in Europe a short time ago, I was at Woolwich, and he only stayed in France a few days ; he is no lover of France, and would rather hide himself in some unheard-of Scottish place.' 4 Are you French ? ' . 4 My father is English, but we have always lived here. What made you ask ? ' 4 Because you look more like a foreigner than an Englishman.' , n , He liked being taken for French, and appeared pleased. I found myself admiring the small, white hand, which his head was resting on, when his face was turned towards me. 4 That's through living here so long, and getting the manners and customs of a Parisian ; but I'm an officer in H.M.'s army.' 4 That is just what I should like to be if I was a "Should you ? and then we could be always quarrel- lin which was the handsomest. 4 No we should not ; I should allow you to bear the Lady Dudley, I have just received the most flatter ing compliment ; did you hear it 1 he asked, laughing 4 No, dear boy ; I have not been listening to your conversation, I am far too interested ; then turning to me, asked if the opera was not lovely. 4 Have you not been to anything of the sort before ? ' Louis asked me. 4 Once, Mr. Hay took me to the theatre, but it was nothing like this.' 4 Is that all ; but of course you have only just left school, so everything will be fresh to you ; dear me, child, you don't know how much you have to see ! ' 4 What makes you say, child ? ' I asked a little peevishly ; for although that appellation was more familiar than any other, I did not like him to say it, when he could only be a few years older than myself ; besides, I began to feel grown up. 4 1 hardly know why. Are you not a child, then?' f OP nnnvtsn r»r>f T'm eormifoon /lAn'f T mnlr Vi LJLllOC iiUU y JL ill jVCVOU OWIUUIWOU UVU U X iUVH. that ? ' 4 Not quite that ; but I will not make such a mistake again. What do you think of London ? Lady Dudley's house is not far from Woolwich ; several times I was going to call on her, but hearing she was coming to Paris, determined to wait, but had I known you were such a charming young lady, should have gone often enough.' 4 Oh ! you did not know I was there at all, did you?' 4 Yes ; Lady Dudley wrote to Mrfr.&k;, Ajsn?. iiay ; xafeSfl&V; everything. How long are you going to honour Paris with your presence ? ' 4 1 don't know ; but wish it was for ever.' 4 1 hope you will like our place ; it is only a few miles from here, you are going there to-night.' 4 If your place is like you I may like it a little. 4 May you! Look! why don't you throw your flowers !' Our attention was attracted by a lot of lovely bouquets being thrown on the stage from the surround ing boxes. 4 It's not quite necessary to, is it ? ' 4 No ; but why don't you like? This is a very favourite part, and it is very nearly all over.' 4 Well, you see, I want to keep these flowers, and they will be crushed throwing them down there ; besides, they don't care a bit about them. 4 Nonsense ! they are beginning to fade already, and you can always get fresh ones — I could buy you similar every day,' and lie looked amused. I began to wonder whether it was silly of me, but- still determined to keep my first bunch of real 4 Paris flowers.' When we came out the carriage was waiting. I felt tired after the exciting day, so was not sorry to leave. On the way home Louis informed me he had never spent a more pleasant evening, and I was able to more than return the compliment. He also said he should take me out the next day, because he saw I thoroughly appreciated his society. The two little girls were so t1 , 1 xl . T Lorl l-iof+Ql- sieepy anu tireu iiian uauy x/uuiej »<nu not see our new friends that night, which I willingly consented to. W e ascended some wide steps, and Louis rang the bell, which was answered by a footman, and we entered the hall. I had a room to myself, as the little girls always slept in their mother s room ; before leaving the girl enquired if she could do anything for me, but I thanked her, saying I preferred being alone. My portmanteau stood there ; I had not seen it since we were at Calais, and had wondered whether it was lost, but supposed Neta had seen to it. My room was a picture of elegance, and far surpassed the one I been in such raptures with at Lady Dudley's. How ever, I did not stay long looking at the pretty orna ments and trinkets that night, but knelt down at the window to say my prayers, which I fear were a sad failure, being mixed up with Paris, Louis St. Aielcy, the opera, and a lot of other things in a dreadful manner. Then I looked at the dear old familiar moon, how vnuch the same it appeared ; we had crossed thousands of miles of land and sea, yet there it "was, exactly the same. Drawing the blind, I jumped into bed, wondering whether I should awaken and find it all a delightful dream, or was really at last in beautiful paris — the ideal city of my childhood. CHAPTER VIII. HAl'DY DAYS. On awaking the next morning, it took some time to collect my thoughts. All seemed a brilliant dream ; but at last I was aware we really had seen something of Paris ; that Louis St. Areley was a true character, and not a fairy prince ; that we had been to the opera, and driven home iu the St. Areley 's carriage, and could only think how very kind everyone was to me. Then I wondered whether Mr. and Mrs. St. Areley were ordi nary people, or grand and awful, or kind and delightful like their son ; and thinking it time to get up, went to my portmanteau to select a dress. My white was short, for I had grown tall ; but remembering liow Mr. Hay always admired me in white, I put it on, with a pink necktie, and my watch and chain. I forgot to look at the time, but going down stairs met a servant, and requested her to show me to the breakfast-room. 4 Breakfast is not re. ly yet, mademoiselle ; it will be more than an hour, as t. sy breakfast at nine, and it is not much past seven. Mademoiselle could go on the grassplot, and Monsieur Philip is on the verandah. I thanked the talkative demoiselle, as she showed me in to a long spacious room, and pointing to the glass doors, which stood open, told me that they led outside. " I walked slowly out, having not the slightest idea who 4 Monsieur Philip ' was, or why he should be up so early. The verandah was very wide, with a pretty gate aiid iron railings enclosing it, facing a grass-plot, planted with ornamental shrubs. On a lounge at the end of the verandah reclined a delicate-looking youth, who, notwithstanding the difference in appearance, I knew must be Louis' brother ; on a chair by his side were a pile of books, one of which he was so intently reading that he did not hear me, and I was in the act of admiring his pretty curly hair, and graceful figure, when he looked up. I advanced, and he immediately sprang up, and bowing, said, 4 Miss Clare, I presume !' I bowed, and he continued, 4 1 am Philip, the youngest of our family,' whereupon we both laughed, shook hands, and became friends. Then he handed me a chair, and we sat down. 4 You are up early. Do you like the morning? I do, and always rise with the sun. Was it late when vnn aiMMtrnrl liava louf. 9' JVM. M-XAX » VVI AVAV 4 Yes ; your brother took us to the opera, and bought me beautiful flowers ; I have them in my room now. Was he not kind?' 4 1 suppose it was Louis ? ' he asked, looking amused and animated. 4 1 don't mind telling you I think him very handsome ; there is nothing to laugh about ! ' 4 Only your outspokenness ? tbe yung of our jfcuyilr-iuve "with him, and he cares no more, or not so much, as he does for an ice-cream. I must tell him what you say.' 4 Oh, don't ! ' 1 implored, blushing ; 4 it would only make him cross.' 4 That wouldn't make him cross, Miss Clare.' 4 Pray don't call me that, it's just odious ; call me Mary, everybody does.' 4 Then you must say Philip.' 4 1 should think so ; why you are only a boy, quite as young as I am, ain't you ? ' 4 Past eighteen ! not such a youngster as you thought. Why, there is only Charles between Louis and I.' 4 Have you another brother ? Is he at home ? ' 4 No, at Boulogne ; he is studying for the bar. We used once to live in that locality, and generally spend the summer months there. How long are you going to stay with us ? I wish you could go to Boulogne ; we are going in about a month, and always have the j oiliest time.' 4 But, you see, I came with Lady Dudley, and it will be just as she decides ; I should very much like to stay.' 4 1 quite forgot to ask after Lady Dudley ; has she brought those two horrid little girls again ? ' 4 Do you call them horrid ? I think them nice children.' 4 Well, it is a long time since they were here, so they may have improved, but on the last occasion they were a perfect nuisance to me, for they were always destroy- incr mv hnnlcs Tinnifi aIwrvr had to keen his studv y / — xr J locked'.' 4 They would not act thus, now. Why, Edith is a tall girl, nearly thirteen ; but I am keeping you from your studies, and I hate being disturbed at mine. Do you go to school ? ' 4 Yes, to the University ; generally on horseback, as it is a few miles off.' 4 You seem to have hard books here,' I answered, turning them over ; 4 but I must go and get a little fresh air on this pretty grass-plot, it puts me in mind of the soft grass on the country roadsides in Australia.' 4 Ah ! that reminds me ; really I have a wretched memory. You know Uncle Hay, what is he like ? I have often wished to see him — to see if he is like dear mother ; but don't think he likes us, for last time he was here, it was during my lioldays, and I had gone to England with Louis, so wrote and asked him to stay until my return, but he went off after three days.' Philip spoke so softly and so kindly that I liked him better every minute. He opened the gate for me, and then returned to his books. I sat in a little bit of sunshine, which managed to get down between the tall houses on either side of ours. In about ten minutes a lady came from the house, and after saying a few words to Philip, came towards me. I re cognised her immediately from her great likeness to Mr. T.rA .. A»rl nixuinndtinit Hf» »» +/MTnivlc« n nv ovnl 0 1 )"»! m (¥ Xldj j allU up xau uuuaiuo AIW j uAvmuiuiigj 4 You must be Mrs. St. Areley.' 4 Yes, my darling," she answered, kissing me most affectionately ; 4 why you are a bonnie lassie, and I was so anxious to see you that I went with Lady Dudley into your room last night, but you were asleep. Are you Scotch ? ' 4 No ! Why ? ' 4 You remind me a little of the young girls we used to have in Aberdeen. Perhaps it is your fresh, inno cent face, and simple dress, which are not very usual in Paris.' We sat down, and Mrs. St. Areley held my hands in hers, and watched me with the kindest smile, which a little reminded of my poor, lost mother. 4 How was it you knew me, dear ? ' she asked pre sently. Because you are so like Mr. Hay, and when you smile look exactly like him. I should have known you anywhere.' 4 Arid do you like Mr. Hay ? ' 4 Oh, more than any of my friends ; but then I have so few.' 4 Poor child ! I wish you had come to us before ; how would you have liked living here for the last year ? ' 4 Very much indeed, but could not have done that, because I have had to earn my own living for nearly two years.' 4 Have you really ? ' she asked, smiling. 4 Yes ; now I teach Lady Dudley's little girls ; before that I taught at a school, but had very little to do, and learnt a great deal ; it was an excellent place. Did you know Mr. Hay procured it for me ? ' ' Yes, he wrote me a long time ago all about it.' ' And did he tell you about me ? I hope he did not call me a very great trouble — but he is too kind to do that. Ah ! Mrs. St. Areley, I cannot imagine what would have become of me had I never known him who I call my guardian angel.' 1 Do you,' she answered, stroking the hair back from my excited face. How did you leave him ; did he see you off ? ' Yes, and sent his love to you ; he did not look well that day, he looked anxious, and said it was over my welfare in the future, and at the last it was hard to part, and I cried bitterly ; but you see he was the only person then who thought of or cared what became of me, and England seemed a long way off. He has promised to come over in a year, and I shall be glad when he writes.' 1 So shall I ; but we had better retire inside, it is rather warm out here with nothing on our heads ; come this way, and you shall see the portraits of my sons.' ' Have you any girls, Mrs. St. Areley ? ' ' No, darling ; but you must 6tay with me for a long time. I must speak to Lady Dudley about it — that is, of course, if you would like.' ' Oh ! I should be delighted, but — but do you think it would be fair to ask Lady Dudley ; she might not like to say ' No,' and the children will forget all they have learnt.' ' I will settle all about it ; you must not go for a long time, or Mr. Hay would think me unkind to his little friend.' What I might have said was cut short by our entering a large and elegant room ; I could scarcely repress a cry of delight when the first object my eyes fell upon was an almost life-sized coloured picture of Louis ; he wore his uniform, and had a smile on his face, which was so natural, I was in raptures, and could scarcely take my eyes oft' it, when Mrs. St. Areley called my attention to another picture. It was about the same size, but there were two figures — one I recognised as Philip, and the other, Mrs. St. Areley said, was Charles, her son at Boulogne. Philip was resting his hand on his brother's shoulder, and looked exceedingly nice ; Charles was sitting, and his face could not be seen so well, because he was reading, and I could not decide which of the others he was like, he looked stronger and older than Philip, and sterner and more reserved than Louis. It is impossible to say how long I might have stood making comparisons between them but for the ringing of the breakfast bell. We were rather late, and all were as sembled, Lady Dudley and the two little girls on one side, Louis and Philip the other, and at one end Mr. St. Areley, who I was introduced to as ' our little friend, Mary Clare.' He rose and shook hands with me so heartily that it almost hurt me. " How do you do, my dear ? Why our friend did not tell us you were pretty — more than pretty ; why you are positively handsome. That's right, sit next .to me.' I felt my face grow scarlet, and immediately glanced at Louis, who was trying to hide a smile behind his coffee cup, whether at his father's outspokenness or my blushes I did not know. ' Mary 1 that is my youngest son Philip,' began Mrs. St. Areley. Philip bowed across the table, and then we both laughed, I having recovered my confusion. ' Now, then,' cried Louis, ' confess you two have met before ; Philip rises at an uncommonly early hour, and do you do the same, Miss Clare ? ' ' Not generally, but I did this morning.' ' Just what I thought ; Phil, I hope you attended to your Greek and Latin well, my boy.' ' Have you ever had your portrait taken, child,' asked Mr. St. Areley, turning abruptly to me. 'No,' I answered, rather confusedly. ' Then you Shall, a nice large one, and have it painted, you will make a splendid picture, just the thing I want for my collection. Lady Dudley, you must look well after this young lady while in Paris, or you will have someone running off with her.' I felt dreadfully uncomfortable at the idea of being run off with, at which Louis and Philip laughed. 'I am thinking of keeping Miss Clare here for a time,' said Mys. St. Areley, smiling and nodding to me, as though to say, 'nevermind, dear.' ' Are you ? Oh ! that is right ? I shall be very pleased for her to stay with us as long as she likes, if she don't find it dull without other girls here ; but there will be Philip for a companion, and Louis will take her out when he is at home. In about a month Mrs. St. Areley will be going to Boulogne for the summer, there, miss, you will enjoy yourself I think. I have another son living there, but perhaps you may not care for him, as he is very different to these.' ' Is that complimentary to Charles ?' Louis asked, ' to us, or to Miss Clare ?' But Mr. St. Areley buried himself in his newspaper, only interrupting himself now and then to talk about what seemed most awfully uninteresting stuff, of Koyalists and Republicans, mixed up with hard French names ; I wondered how Louis could so willingly pro long the discourses, and was also surprised to see how much he seemed to know about Comte this, and Due that, and what they ought to do and ought not to do. I was glad their conversation was in English, as I should not have relished speaking French before them. I learnt afterwards that Mrs. St. Areley did not understand French. ' Father, have you any use for the carriage to-day,' asked Louis, as we rose from the table. ' No, not particularly ; I can ride to-day. Are you going to take the visitors out?' answered Mr. St. Areley, still engrossed in his paper. ' Yes ; I promised Miss Clare last night. Will you come, Lady Dudley, or you mother, dear ? ' ' Not this morning,' they answered, and Lady Dudley continued, ' Your mother and I have so many things to talk about.' ' Yery well, we must try to enjoy ourselves in a more fashionable way ; we will start as soon as possible, as it soon gets hot in the park.' And he whistled an operatic air as he threw himself on the lounge in the front verandah and lighted a cigar ; the two little girls wanted to ac company us, and Lady Dudley told them to ask Louis, and of course they went, although he laughingly told them ' he did not care for children's company.' I enjoyed everything exceedingly ; Louis drove, and in spite of his small, slender hands seemed to have the spirited horses well under control, and to hold the reins in a grip of iron. We went through some beautiful public gardens, and a park. I had never ridden in a lovely open carriage before, and was perfectly charmed, as Louis took great pleasure in pointing out different things and telling me about them. We arrived home in time for lunch, and shortly after Lady Dudley in formed me there was to be company for dinner, and she required a few things, and I wanted a dress, so we should have to go out again. I was eager for Louis to accompany us, but he said he was unable to do so, being obliged to meet a friend, a fellow-officer in the same regiment, so we had to content ourselves with the coachman ; but I soon recovered any little disappoint ment Imight have felt in helping Lady Dudley to select things in the gay shops. After making Several purchases, to my unspeakable delight she chose a pink dress for me, beautifully trimmed with white lace; a pretty pearl neck lace as a present from Mrs. St. Areley, who had given her the money to buy it, was also given me. I was en raptured with it, and longed to get home to thank her for the necklace. We did not hurry ourselves over the shopping expedition ; # there was far too much to be seen — all new and fascinating to my young eyes. When we returned there was just time to dress for dinner, and I was in a flutter of excitement to see how my things would do. Lady Dudley sent Neta to assist me, and when my dress was on, and hair arranged in a tasteful coil, with the pearls clasped round my neck, I consulted :the glass to see the effect ; I was amazed, and really cauld not believe I was the slip of a girl who wore the short white dress in the morning- — the long train made me look taller and older. True, my neck and arms looked a little thin, but that would hardly be noticed., I shall never forget that first Parisian dress, or my first train. As I descended to the drawing-room I wondered if Louis would think of calling me a child now, and whether he would look pleased or surprised, or whether any of the others would. There were not many there, and after making a few of my most graceful bows, I went towards Philip and sat next him on the couch. He did not seem to appreciate my pretty things, but began to talk of some wonderful enterprise the ' fellows at the Univer sity.' were planning, which did not interest me, for I was taken upv in watching the styles and manners of the various ladies and gentlemen. A horrid Frenchman took me into dinner ; he was old and decidedly ugly, with a fearful moustache. He would insist on speaking French to me, probably on purpose to see how many mistakes I would make. I had to sit next him at the table, and wished Philip had taken me in ; if Louis had been present I felt sure he Would. Some time after we had returned to the draw ing-room (my Frenchman still remained true to me, and talked the most absurd nonsense), Louis entered, ac companied by a tall, good- looking young man, who appeared to know all the guests, and went from one to the other in the most nonchalent manner. Seeing me he was a little surprised, and I overheard him say, ' I don't know that young lady, pray introduce me, Louis.' He had a rather loud, cheerful voice, and pleasant face. Louis kept him waiting some time, as if on pur pose that he should not have things his own way. ' Miss Clare ! Mr. Light ! ' I bowed, and we shook hands. ' What a long time you stayed,' I remarked to Louis ; ' probably you have been having a most delightful time, like we did this morning ; I wish I had been with you instead of here.' He looked pleased as he replied, ' I have been to a lot of places since leaving here, but don't know about enjoying myself so much. You look very charming ; pink is my favourite colour,' he continued, taking the seat beside me which the Frenchman had only a few minutes vacated. ' How have you been enjoying your self ? ' ' Not much ; Monsieur Lanne is such a bore, he has scarcely left me.' 'Well, perhaps you might call us bores if we stay here,' Louis said, laughing, and drawing back a little, which made my face colour, because I was rather afraid of saying out of the way or absurd things. ' Pray don't think so, you are so different ; but he has been talking dreadful nonsense — you or Mr. Light would not do so ! ' ' Certainly not ; Louis can certify to my sensibility,' he answered, laughing. ' You are a stranger to Paris, are you not, Miss Clare ? ' I bowed assent. ' I thought so ; never mind, it will not take you long to get a Parisian air.' ' Thank you for your compliment, Mr. Light,' I said, with a little dignity. ' Shall I be much improved when that is achieved ? Some people would rather have me as I am, they said so.' Mr. Light seemed a little surprised, and Louis de lighted. ' I like you best as you are,' the former continued, ' but you will not be able to help it ; really, I did not mean to say anything to displease you.' At last I was alone in my room, the pink dress tossed on a chair, and with hair falling over my shoulders, I sat on the pretty carpet thinking over the events of the day. I had been what school-girls would have called ' brought out,' having attended a stylish dinner party, really dressed, long train, hair fastened up, and been introduced to fashionable people ; how envious my child hood companions would have been (poor creatures they were) toiling at school, whilst I drove in a Parisian park, went to the opera, and with a gentleman — young and handsome — and an officer into the bargain. Had these girls only known the last fact I don't believe they could have slept that night. Suddenly there was a rap at the door, and Lady Dudley entered. ' Why, dear, I thought you would be in bed ; have you enjoyed the evening ? Everyone admired you, your things looked exceedingly nice.' 'I am so glad, and enjoyed myself so much ; of course I could not help it, when everybody is so very kind to me.' ' As you like being here so much, and I am going back to England to-morrow, I have decided to let you stay ; Mrs. St. Areley is very anxious you should.' ' Oh ! dear Lady Dudley, you are so good,' I cried, jumping up and throwing my arms round her neck ; 'you cannot imagine what a beautiful time I have had; I never enjoyed myself so much in all my life. Our voyage and the fortnight in England was splendid, but then I did not have so many dear friends, did I ?' Lady Dudley smiled as she kissed me. " I am going to send Edith and Beatrice to school on my return, they are getting too old for you to teach now — besides, you are just of an age when a little amusement is necessary.' ' But, Lady Dudley, what shall I do when leaving here, I cannot always stay, and don't want to go back to school ? ' ' You will not do so ; remember you always have a home with me, and it will be time enough to see what we shall do with you a few months lience. The St. Areley's want you to go to Boulogne with them, and they stay there three or four months, so dismiss disagree able thoughts from your mind, and thoroughly enjoy the present ; there are plenty to see to your future.' I could not sleep for a long time, and when I did mv dreams were full of the happiness in store for me and my last waking thoughts were to write directly to' Mr Hay and tell him what I thought of his sister and all of them, and my good luck. Immediately on dressing in the morning I ran to Lady Dudley's room, and told her my intention of writing to Mr. Hay, and how long it would be before we heard from him. She said we might expect letters every day, as we had come in a sailing vessel. Lady Dudley was putting her things together preparatory to leaving, and I sat on the window seat watching her. ' Are you going to start directly after breakfast ? ' ' Yes, dear, and in leaving you here, mind I do it solely for your own pleasure ; time will go by very quickly, try and make the very best use of it keep always as you are now— truthful, trusting, and ou£ spoken, then trouble will never arise. Do everything you can to please Mrs. St. Areley; try to be kind honest, and straightforward, so that next time we meet I may not be sorry I left you in France, and, above all when Mr. Hay comes he may not be disappointed after all he has done for your welfare.' These things made me somewhat grave for a time but when I went downstairs my spirits soon returned' for who could be grave in the presence of Louis, Philip' and Mr. Light— for there he was, and after the morn ing salutations, I said, ' Did you stay here all night ? ' ' Yes, ain't you delighted ? I am going to stay two or three days.' ' No, not at all delighted, because you are a tease and I am not used to being teased, and don't like it.' ' ' Come, now, that is too bad ; why you would be good company for my sister ; she is an old 'flame' of Philin's Miss Clare.' F ' An old what ? I don't quite under ' ' I do wish, Vincent, you would not talk such foolery and pray don't ask her here, we shall have quite enough of her at Boulogne,' answered Philip, more candidly than politely, while his pale face flushed. ' Now, Phil, don't try to get up a becoming blush- leave that to Louis, one in the family is enough in that way ; you should have seen him before he went to Africa and burnt his face the colour of roasted coffee kernels Ah! you can't deny it, Louis, with all your princely ways.' J ' 1 do wish you would leave off talking ; how do you expect a fellow to study properly with youi- parrot- like speeches,' speaking as crossly as his gentle voice allowed When Lady Dudley was leaving we all accompanied her to the carriage, and there made our adieux ; she pro mised to write often, and with some excellent parting advice to me, she left, and I wars alone with tny new friends. A week soon went by, like a vivid dream. In that short time we did a deal of sight-seing, and went twice to the opera. Mrs. St. Areley gave me an elegant silk dress to go in, to the admiration of Mr. Light, although he found something in its appearance to joke about. We also went to two balls, one a fancy dress at some Due's. I wore the costume of a flower girl, and it suited me so admirably that everyone knew me except my old enemy, M. Lanne. I thought the fancy dress ball best of all. Louis wore a military uniform of the last century ; we danced together, and were very much admired ; I only hoped I looked half as well as he; my eyes followed him so much that I almost forgot to offer my flowers for sale. Vincent Light was dressed as a Turk, but the costume did not suit him, as he looked too fair and English, in spite of his many disguisements. Philip was not present, as he was suffering with a severe' headache ; I offered to stay and bathe it with Eau de Cologne, but no one would hear of it, and I am afraid I soon forgot him. On Sunday we saw mass celebrated in Notre Dame Louis, young Light, and I. Mrs. St Areley declined to go as she had been at the ceremony before. The inside of the church was magnificent, and I found it impossible to keep my eyes shut while kneeling— there was far too much to see, and I confess to feeling more awed than holy. That was the last day we spent together ; the next day Louis and his friend left for England, not knowing when they should see us again. After that a very quiet three weeks was spent before leaving Paris, of course it was not quiet compared with my life in Australia. Mrs. St. Areley did not care for company, and Mr. St. Areley was away from home a great deal, but did not forget to have my portrait taken as he promised. He thought a great deal of it, and showed it to his friends as a specimen of ' English maidenhood.' The portrait was very pretty, and showed me in my short white frock, with a pink rose and fern leaves in my hair, and a bunch of the same in my hands. It looked so well when coloured that I asked Mr. St. Areley to have another taken for me to send Mr. Hay," because I wanted to make him a present with some of the ten pounds I had earned, and felt sure lie would like that better than anything else. Mr. St. Areley complied with my wishes, and Louis (who seemed to know everybody) wrote that he knew a person about to visit Australia who would take charge of it. After it was sent I could not help wondering what Mr. Hay would say when he received it. About this time Lady Dudley had a letter from him, stating he was very glad to hear I was so happy and enjoying myself, and that he was very pleased with my note from St. Helena. I felt slightly hurt he had not written a little, ever such a little letter to me, but com forted myself by supposing he had had no time. After Louis' departure our only visitor was Clara Light, a bright, talkative lady, two and twenty years old. She only stayed three days, saying we were a great deal too quiet for her — had she known we were going to Boulogne so soon she would not have come at all. She was very like her brother in manners, but did not tease me, and made up for it by teasing Philip unmercifully. . He was very glad when she left. Before leaving she informed roe ©he wetfld -often ©oroe it® «ee tm« Hit Botftogne, an her friends lived there ;; to wibiioh Philip afterwards ©aid, rthat if .she honoured them with Iber presence oftener when I was (there than before, :rihe had better never leave." I .tried (sometimes In tlffie evening to help Philip with Mb studies, which amuHed -us both, for I -did about as imooh as his ©hRd-wife -did for .David Uopperfield. Mrs. ;St. .Areley -often likened <us to them. At intervals during; the day I amused myself in .Louis' -study. To une it .seeiued .a wonderful mom, being filled with (eveiything Imaginable, from old toys, to -school-books, -maps, (globes, and (drawing materials, and from these to firearms, pictnres, (ornaments, and sa piano ;; the Harit mentioned was a 'great source <d& pleasure to ana, and I (often played -on it while 'Philip was engaged with maps and (drawing, which he .always (did there, hecanse there was (every 'convenience. At ilati; the three-wests came toan end, and I helped Philip to pact up his (school things, and when (all 'Other neces saries were fin'ifihed we hade .adieu to beautiful Paris and set -off. I felt a -little (dispirited ;at leaving f he place where we had ;speni such .an enchanting time, butaoon recovered when Phiffip taaad they had :a yarilit (at Boulogne, which we could go out -in as -often as we IlkecL, and I -deafly loved the sea. SGrar party .comprised — Mrs. St. Areley, Philip, myself, and 'one (servant. We had a iheautiful jjoumey:; -as soon as we heard the surgiiig .of the ocean wawes I knew we had reached Boulogne. 'CHAPTER IX. 4 'CHAIlLEri IS THE MOST SEKSinLE.' Mrs. .St. Areley was a little surprised not to find Charles at the railway station to meet -us, hut (supposed he was engaged in some way. Philip muttered something about it 'toeing more likely 4 Clara Light had detained him.' Philip was not .strong, and did not like the trouble -of look ing after the luggage, hut there was a man there with a cart, for it, who said he had his orders from Mr. Charles. On the whole we managed very well, and soon found our selves at home ; the old woman who looked after the place whilst the -St Areiey's were in Paris delivered a note, saying it was '' from. Mr. Charles, who had left about an hour ago.' Directly Mrs. St. Areley had read it Philip enquired its contents. 1 Why there is a private party at the Light's this evening, cormnenciBg -with theatricals and ending with a . dance. Charles promised to help to arrange the room for the former, so .could not possibly meet us ; 'hut if Miss Clare and Philip are not too tired they are to be erai'e .and go over. Miss Light particularly told him to say so.' I donlt feel a hit tired,' I .cried, eagerly;, glancipg at Philip, who had thrown himself somewhat wearily on to the sofa, -certainly not as if he -intended .echoing my words, nut was too polite to say so. 4 Ton would like Mary, dear, so you and Philip go ; you nan walk, as their house is almost next door, which oould not, tire anyone. "We must: hurry and have tea in timef or you to drens, J am sure you will enjoy yourselves very much.' Poor Philip looked like a doomed martyr ox old, and I could not help laughing at his woeful expression as he said—' J must fortify myself thoroughly before going to stand against Clara's raillery, she is sure to he prepared to meet me.' It was a. lovely moonlight night;, and we were soon there, and greeted warmly in the hall by Mrs. Light, who was what; Philip called ' plain and pleasant.' SShe told us the performance had begun, .and after introducing us to a few of the audience, showed us seats. The acting was very good ; I soon recognised Charles, who was foremost; in everything ; the pieces, however, were not long, and directly they were over we repaired to another room to dance." After one or two dances (mostly with Philip, for I obstinately refused to dance with anyone J -did not; like) my hair, which at the best of times was rough and unruly, came down and fell over my- shoulders; ; and in these days, it being quite out of all reason to wear your hair down after once 4 coming out,' 1 immediately withdrew to a con servatory leading from the piazza to fix it up. After a few moments Clara Light with a young man, rather fair, moderate height, and -with a well formed figure, entered. Clara was talking and laughing in her usual manner ; they could not. see me, as: 1 w as partly concealed by a rustic pillar, covered with fern. She was: saying — 4 Never mind if that is spoilt, I will give you a better one,' and she gathered a pretty pink Sower, and mixing some sprigs of green with it, fixed it in her charmer's spotless black coat. At that moment her name was called, and she ran ofi saying, 4 someone is always wanting me.' He glanced at her retreating figure with what I took to be a look of admiration, and then sauntered further into the room ; on seeing me he looked not a little surprised. 4 I am an intruder,1 be said, bowing a retreat. 4 Oh, pray do not leave on my account ; I came here to try and fix my hair securely,' then laughing and turning round, I continued, 4 Is it straight ; does it look proper ?' 4 Yes, very proper, he answered, smiling. 4 What did you think of our theatricals ? ' 4 Terr nice, indeed - did ycrn help ? I know none here except Miss Light.' \- Ah 3 then y ou ar-e quite a stranger to Boulogne ?' ' Quite no ; I only arrived from Paris to-day, with the St. Areley's ; do you knew them 4 Quite well. I suppose you are the renowned Miss Clare ; we heard you were expected to-day.' 4 Am I renowned? I never heard of it "What is it for ? ' 4 A great many things I think ; however, we beard so much about the senaatioD you were creating in Paris, that we were quite longing to have you here. Don't look so wonderingly at me with those bewitching English eyes, or they will haunt me. How do you like the young St. Areley's ? ' 4 1 have only seen two, and consider the eldest very handsome in fact,1 I continued a little hesitatingly, 4 he is beautiful, or nearly so.' Here I was interrupted by the stranger bursting into a laugh, which ruffled my temper. 4 It's very rude of you to laugh ; you asked my opinion— and everyone thinks him handsome, so you need not be so surprised. Philip is a dear, sweet boy, which is more than anyone could say for you.' 4 1 daresay, for I should not like to b® called a boy. Would you like to return, they are dancing again?' he said, leaning against a pillar, and watching me with an amused expression. 4 1 don't care to dance again yef ; hut before you go tail soe something of Charles St. Areley, as you know "him " well. I have been fold mot If® ©xpeot aorradh caE him, m foe- is not like Ins brothers4' " Then yon were -told tight, and Bm sureihe -thanks those who did -so very much, because, beingprepared,;youare not (BO likely to feel aribocik, -.or :an inclination to faint, when you behold bin unredeemed ugliness." "I-s be :tio very plain ? What .a pity but is be ©lever <or good?" r< No, -decidedly not;; if they forgot to warn .you .'about bis <other qualities I bad better,— he is painfully .stupid, disagreeable, ;and morose." 4 1 don't want to :see him then, but you need not tell (anyone that. Does be live -at home ? " " He .goes home -every night;; you know be is studying for the bar, being fit for nothing ©Ise." Well, he nannot be :so utterly 'devoid -of (sense, for I always thought lawyers were considered rather (Clever ;; -of course I don 't know, but have beard people say so, ;and that they tell stories, .or do all sorts of deceitful things z I really pity 'Charles.' 14 So -do I ;; but listen, that is .a waltz, <&o; favour me, I (Should so like to have a dance with you '?' I 'Consented, iheing hardly able to refuse that nice voice (and entreating eyes — besides he was interesting. As we entered the room they were playing that -en chanting waltz, Wbber's laBt, and I and nay unknown friend soon joined in the mazy ring. There was no -opportunity of speaking to -Olara until Philip and I were preparing to leave ;; we went a little earlier than the rest, < on 'account -of Philip having ;a had headache, but when (standing in the hail (arranging ©ur wraps she rushed in, saying, in her usual (gushing style, 4 are you leaving? Weill, I suppose at is about time we broke up. You dear little charmer, "dbe interrupted, ;< how have yon enjoyed yourself ? I -suppose you found it tame after making such .a startling Mmt in Paris. Good night 3 Do ;j|ust look ;at Philip 3 how like on illused 'angel he -trie® to look, pressing his band to his brow in that pathetic manner.' And having made this (speech, she re tired, and we started home. Mrs. St. Areley was writing in her boudoir ;; she en quired how we had enjoyed ourselves, and I said very much, but Philip's head was bad ; he had already com posed himself on the sofa, so I insisted 'on fetching some Eau de Cologne -and bathing St, and wasinthe act of doing so, and also relating my adventure with the pleasant stronger, when a familiar voice said, 4 May I come in ? ' and upon Mrs. 'Si;. Areley answering in the affirmative, the identical stronger entered. I was surprised to see the familiarity with which be .did so, but was perfectly dumbfound ered when he embraced and kissed Mrs. St. Areley, and then turned to Philip, saying, 4 Halloa 3 ©Id boy, don't yon feel well, to-night ? I thought at Light's you looked pale." Then Mrs. (St. Areley began an introduction — 4 (Charles St. Areley ' — but stopped & little confused on seeing my look of total bewilderment. As the truth slowly 'dawned upon me my face grew scarlet, and I scarcely knew whether to be angry at his «o audaciously1- misleading me, or treat it as a joke as be -did, for be laughed heartily at my surprise, and Philip looked from one to the other in as great a slate of 'consternation as I did. 4 He is the stranger I was speaking of to you ; be did not tell me his name, but, the most dreadful 'stories — it was too bad of you,' 1 added, turning reproachfully to him. 4 The best of it was, mother, she never asked rny name, but asked about 4 Charles,' so I gave her my opinion of that formidable personage to the best of my abilities, ' he answered, after controlling his merriment sufficiently. 4 1 don't see anything funny about it, Charles.; you seem to enjoy ft amazingly, ' said Philip, and Mrs. 'St;. Areley stroked my burning cheeks soothingly, saying, 4 Never mind, love, you did nothing out of the way.' I began to think Charles must have learnt the art; of tearing from Clara Light, but nothing -else was said on the subject that night, and .'after talking a short time he left. Next morning, after breakfast, I was rifting in the morning room reading, when Clara Light was announced, and ushered in for me to entertain. 4 "Well, yon industrious little soul, so you are up?' she began in her volatile way, as we shook hands. 4 What run we did have about you last night (after yon were' gone,' and (she burst into a loud laugh at the recollection. What, did I do that was so very ©omical '?' 4 Oh, you -are the sweetest little simpleton 2 Fancy you not knowing 'Charles ; why he knew in a moment who you were.' 4 1 am not ;a simpleton 3 How do you suppose I was to know 'Chart-as ?' 4 Pray don't get excited, it's not fashionable in the least. Why, you're reading French, I declare 3 Louis cannot exult, over you in that point at least' 4 He does not try to exult over me in anything — if not too kind, be is far too polite,' I returned warmly. 4 Ah 3 I see you are another worshipper at his shrine ; Pra the only girl who fails to see that 4 beauty and grace' in Louis others rave about ; but tell me what; you think of Charles ?' I thought she expected me to say something in his praise, but as she had .slighted Louis did not answer in my usual straightforward manner. 4 He seems rather nice as far as I have seen.' 4 Bather nice, indeed ; well you are not quite so voluble ' as you were last night in Louis' cause.' 4Charles seams to have repeated everything with great exactitude ; it is to be hoped it did not tire him ; but if you must know, I don't think him to be compared with Louis.' 4 That is just what I think ; Louis may be graceful, gifted, and gay, and all the other adjectives beginning with g, -and Philip may be the best, of the family, but 4 Charles is the most sensible.' I defy any one to say he is not Of course Philip is only a silly, delicate boy, and Louis thinks mere of hisriender hands and aristocratic ways than anything else, but you will see .that -Charles is the one to get on ; be may never do anything very startling to surprise the world, but 4 alow and steady wins the race.' 4 Perhaps so ; but do-n't let us (quarrel, for it cannot matter to us," I answered soothingly, for 'Clara was work ing herself into quite a passion. 4 Oh, dear no, of course it don't ; but, to tell the truth, I came over purposely to ask you to spend the afternoon with me ;.. we have two or three friends coming, and want you.' I'm not sure I can ; Fhiiip yesterday -laid -something about our plans for to- day, but I have not seen him this morning.' " Never anxncl Shim, boys rsoon .get -over :& 'Sisuppbiritmeiit, try -and (come, won't you ?" :and viisJhlng ane fgood 'morning -she left -as (suddenly .as (she (came, which was in ikeepipg with iher usual dbuaradfcer. A few (flays .after Miss Light -called upon me, -and I invited her tie ;go for a morning walk, hut :she declined <&n; the pica of not liking walks;; ribe preferred fiding, iso I determined to go (Olone, -and was not (sorry (after, for I had the most novel and -romantic -time, wandering (aibou't -in. -oulHof- the-way places, until I was .'hungry -and thirsty, ;so went to ;a pretty jffljfle (cottage and (asked a quaint Uitfle (bid woman for a drink: ((my French was handy then) she was perfectly (charming, and Invited -me in In the most polite way, and brought me milk, fruit, and home-made (bread, and I amused her prattling away. I never enjoyed .fipeaking French -so much before. The <old (dame was loathe to let me go, and I pi-omised to see her again. TThen I returned home It was (sundown, and 'Charles was In the act <of (starting to Qodk forme, declaring he was ;sure I had been Utblen, hut I -laughed and confessed to having passed a lovely, though -solitary -time. -Shaking" his head he -said he felt (convinced I .should go roaming about by myself too (often. During dinner,, 'Charles Informed me he had received » letter from Loans, In which he said he wished he was with us, and hoped I had not forgotten him, or -captivated all. the married and ringle men In -and about .Boulogne, In fact. Charles continued, 4 the letter is nearly all full of yon, you must have turned his head." One day I had a fancy to take another -Of my favourite reconnoitres -of our (surroundings. Phillip -and I were already well known In the most fashionable places and walks, but I wanted to .see the 14 -unfashionable ' places. I had had a very gay and lively time, invitations had actually -poured in and -some were refused. I generaily went with Mrs. Light or Clara, for Oharlesdid not care for balls and parties, and Philip was too young and delicate for much (society. The former and I had become very good friends, for (Charles was always kind to me, although when not (animated <or -excited he was very stern, with a resolute unbending vrill, which was sometimes obstinate, and a temper -often -morose, but for all that I 'believe he was his mother's favourite. ;9oon after arrival at Boulogne, Mrs. :St. Areley and I had letters from her sister;, Janet Hay, the lady Mr. Hay had told me the little anecdote of on board the 4 "White (Cloud.1 -She wrote asking Mrs. St. Areley to lot me stay "with .them, .and her letter to ne was a pleating one, full -of love and kindness, with a most pressing invi tation. So It was decided I should go to Scotland when the St. Areley's returned to Paris, as Mrs. St. Areley p»ro- tested she could not spare me a day sooner. I believe sbe loved me, and was -quite lavish in the beautiful things she gave me. To return to the afternoon -of my expedi tion ; at other times I used to .stroll about looking at dif ferent things and people, which vastly amused me ;; Mrs. St. Areley had told me when -out alone, to walk briskly, as if bent on an errand. But now I felt listless and un decided In my movements and wandered in a rather- aim less manner. Mrs. St. Areley bad just received a letter from her absent son, -in which he had sent some very pretty messages to roe, and I was thinking of these and wondering when he would -be home 'again, and thanking it hard he (should have to keep away so long, when my thoughts were -suddenly interrupted by a voice, -saying in a smothered whisper, almost close my ear, 4 Pray my dear young lady.' I started and looked round, to find myself opposite a public house, in a dirty street, full of men, women, and children, of all sizes and ages, who matched the locality well. The person who thus addressed me, was a most deplorable -object ; ragged, dirty, and old, his body bent almost -double, and on one side of bis head a dilapidated high hat was placed, one of his hands, which was crippled, was placed pathetically over his heart, and looking rather scornfully upon him, I asked what he wanted. 4 If you please there is a poor young gentleman down one of those little streets who has been taken bad, .and I thought maybe you would like to know,' he answered, hie bowed legs trembling. 4 Who is he ?' 4 A sweet pale youth ; I have often noticed you and he walking together, but if you don't-care to see "him Miss I had better return, for be is in my house at present.' 4 Stay, stay, I will go, you lead the war,' I answered, following hurriedly, for the old man almost trotted, •with out slaying to think what could have brought Philip -(for I did not, doubt it was he) into this unfrequented part of the town. I only remembered that be was supposed to be ill, perhaps dying. It was certainly kind of the poor old man to find me. I hardly noticed which way or how TCT VF'A Tm+rl 'Wfi Ttt, £ Ah A .-1 -£ >1 4.V _ - ,T _ _ _«i ayfflwiDu n xwrow iane.? ai5Q my guide halted in front of one of a dilapidated row of cottages. He gave a low whistle at the key-hole, and the door was -opened by another old man, who must have been his brother, -they bore such a striking likeness. We entered a low half dark room, almost devoid of furniture, and up in a corner sat a hideous old woman, and standing on the step of the back door was 'a ragged barefooted child, holding a jug, full of beer. I saw all this at a glance, and turning with donbt as to the truth, asked where the gentleman was. The two old men drew near, and the first said, 4 now Miss, we have you secure, it is best to keep quiet, for we are what you call thieves ot beggars ; all we ask is your jewellery ; if you deliver that we will conduct you back to the main street safe and sound.' As he spoke my temper rose, and I exclaimed : 4 You are & lot of wicked people, and have deceived and told me dreadful stories. You have made a great mistake for I hav no jewellery except my watch and chain.' ' 4 Give ns that and we will be satisfied,' and one old wretch made a movement towards me, as if to take it, his eyes gleaming avariciously. 4 My watch was a present, and I will never nart with it; if yo-u had asked properly, instead of deceiving me, I might have _ given you money, now you shall have nothing,' I cried, stamping my foot angrily and turning towards the door, but the old woman, with a yell, .as though she thought I had escaped, rushed forwards and tunned the lock in the rusty key-hole. 4 Unlock the door you wicked eld thief, how dare you keep me here?" and I stamped my foot more furiously than before, but they did not heed me, and one old man signed to the other t/o hold my hands while -he grasped the prize, the hid woman looking on with s chuckle -of delight ; but before they had time to lay a Sager on m» the door was crushed in, and with a cry of delight I ; turned to find myself face to face with Louis St. Areley, j his face burning with indignation, and his dark eyes ; flashing angrily. j ' I am so thankful you have come,' I exclaimed, but he pushed me towards the door, and advancing towards my captors said, ' what have you been doing ?. have you dared to touch this lady ? have you taken a single thing from her ?' his voice grew louder and more furious. | 'No, no, Louis,' I whispered, ' they have taken nothing. J I have only been here two or three minutes, do not be so angry.' | ' It is well they have not,' and he involuntarily clenched \ his fist. I could not help contrasting his bold figure with the miserable cowards who seemed shrinking into obscurity. ' Vile craven rogue,' he added, turning his glance full upon the wretched old woman, ' is it not bad enough for you to bribe and force men and boys into your filthy haunts without alluring young girls hither? the police shall hear of your retreat before . long,' and drawing my hand through his arm we retraced our way hastily from this : camp of misery and sin. Truly I had seen enough. I Hurrying along, with whole groups of wretched looking people gazing after us, as if they had never seen anything different to themselves, we arrived in a better street, and slackened our pace a little, when Louis abruptly asked, ' how did you get there ?' ' Through no wish of my own,' I answered. ' I did not suppose so, and am sorry I spoke crossly to you, but allow me to say that the Lord only knows how you would have got out of that den Of thieves had I not come.' ' I'm very grateful to you, and wonder how you came there. Entirely my own fault, because through a ridiculous curiosity I wanted to see these unknown regions, but should not have gone so far had I not been wrapped up in silly thoughts, and unconsciously wandered on, when suddenly I was accosted by one of those old mon sters, who gave me to understand Philip was dying at his house, and believing that what could I do ?' ' The deceitful humbug, doubtless concocted that story ; through seeing you and Phil together, as a means of alluring you into a snare. Now that you have seen what you wished, I hope in future you will not have silly thoughts and run into thieves' dens unconsciously. Had Charles not told me of your 'love of forbidden joys,' I should not have seen you speaking to that old rogue, and hastened after you.' ' But I can't imagine what brought you home bo soon, why Mrs. St. Areley only received a letter from you this morning.' ' I know she did,' he answered, laughing and colouring a little, .' but just after posting that I found I had a few days holiday so set off at once. You are not sorry ?' ' Oh no, not sorry ; has Vincent Light come with you ?' 'No, why ; would you have liked him to ?' ' Well, I'm perfectly indifferent, but find on further acquaintance Clara is muoh nicer than I at first thought her, being used to her teasing, one don't mind it.' ' What do you think of Charles ?' ' Of course I like him very much indeed ; but still don't think so much of him as Clara does, she is everlastingly singing his praises ; but be sure you don't tell her I said so.' 'Certainly not ; and who do you sing the praises of ?' ' I ! no one ; or at least the first person that comes into my mind.' ' Of course the first person that comes into your mind, and who does come into your mind first, its only fair that I should know.' ' Well, you sometimes ; I know that is what you wanted me to say.' The confession must have surprised him, as he did not speak for at least five minutes afterwards. When we reached home dinner was over, so we were obliged to dine together, which vastly amused me, as it was such fun officiating. There had been several visitors to dinner who were to stay the evening. A short time after I passed a very exciting day ; there was a boat race, and Philin was to bo one of the. com- petitors ; lie bad done little but tell me of it the previous week, and get me prepared for what I was to see. He had never been a performer in anything of the sort before, and was delighted at the colours and suit he was to wear. Being delicate and so much at home, Philip retained boy ishness, which at eighteen is quite a novelty in these days. As I was reading in the verandah, Louis joined me, look ing very delighted, 4 we have planned the most charming picnic. We are to go in carriages exploring a long way into the woods, and there select some lovely spot, where there is a bower of trees and flowers and a cascade, &c.;, &c.; Luncheon, rest, and then return. Charles and I planned it, and a lot of friends are to join us ; it is some thing quite fresh, besides you have not seen the fine country jscenery of France yet.' ' Oh Louis ! why did'nt you mention it before, I cannot possibly go now, having long since promised Philip to see the boat-race.' 4 Surely you don't want to go there ; regattas, boat- races, and such are awfully uninteresting, especially when the weather is excessively hot ; it's nothing but a vulgar j crowd and crush. Philip won't care, or at least it cannot make any difference to him, whether you are there or not.' | ' It is very unkind of you to say this, because Philip has ; asked me very often, and I promised.. 4 Bah ! promises now-a-days are broken as quickly as they are made, but of course I know you will do just as you like, so which shall it be ? because I am in a hurry.' 4 Well, it must be the boat-race this time,' I answered, in a rather disappointed tone, twisting my watch chain, without looking up. 4 All riglit,' lie said, turning and hastily leaving. I always knew Louis was quick tempered, but did not think lie would be put out over such a trifle. In the hall lie met Philip equipped for the occasion, 4 well Louis, liow do you think these tilings suit?' 4 L don't know, and don t care, so that's plain speaking 5 and just allow me to tell you that you had better not upset my plans again, I don't know what you will put yourself up to do next ; yes you need not blush, because 1 sliant' take any notice of it, I've given in to you long enough ;' and Louis abruptly left the room, I think in dulging in that vulgar habit, slamming the door. Poor Philip stood a few minutes as if transfixed, his face turning from white to red, I really thought it very unfeeling and unjust of Louis to treat him so. 4 Never mind, Philip,' I said, advancing, ' he is vexed because I insisted on going to the' regatta instead of to the woods for a picnic.' 4 1 don't mind him in the least,' he answered, tossing his head back proudly, while tears glistened in his eyes, and lie left me feeling rather perplexed, having done what I thought right, but would far more have preferred going out into the cool green forests and not angered Louis; however, there was no time to lose, so I pro ceeded slowly iip stairs to dress. Just as Mrs. St. Areley and' I were starting, for Philip had had to go before, Louis suddenly appeared, and opened the gate for us. 4 Are you not going to the picnic ?' I asked. 4 No,' he answered, trying to look and speak sourly. 4 You don't truly mean it ?' 4 Of course I do.' 4 Well, I don't see there is any ' of course ' about it ; why don't you go ?' 4 Well, if you muBt know,' he replied, trying to repress a smile, 4 1 did not want to go without jrou, my object being to show you the country. Clara and Charles backed out, so it all dropped through.' to be continued. 