? LAST PAMELA FITZGERALD. lb. Leonard's letter, to which the following article from the Dublin Freeman refers, very lately appeared in this paper:—" Only break it to her tenderly." This was the sole request which Lord Edward Fitzgerald made to the surgeon when, wounded and bleeding, he lay a captive in the hands of the Castle authorities. These words are a short symbol of that deep and sincere devotion which existed between the Geraldineand his fair foreign bride. They had met when hope was luminous as the summer sunshine, and imagination foretold the advent of a millennium of happiness to all mankind. At their marriage at Tourney, Louis Philippe was present; for was not Pamela, in whose veins flowed Bourbon blood, the half-acknowledged sister of the future King of the French ? She accompanied her husband to his native land, and was his faithful companion in more than one voyage which he afterwards made to the Continent for the purpose of advancing the negotiations of United Irish Chiefs with the French Government. Whenthecrashcame she was still his confidante. She was residing with him, in Leinster House, in that month of March, 1798, when the raid was made upon Bond's, in Bridge street, and the ducal mansion ii Kildare-street itself was searched. During the two months which followed, when he was forced ' to lie concealed in various parts of the city, and to shift his quarters frequently so as to elude pursuit, his thoughts were divided between his country and his family. One of the most touching incidents in history, and which ought to command the painter's art, is that which we know from the simple narrative of Lady Edward's servant. His family were temporarily residing in Denzille- street, whilst he was concealed near Portobello Harbour. Major Sirr's swarm of spies and platoon of informers were everywhere through the city ; nevertheless, the servant states that, " on going into the lady's room late in the evening, she saw his lordship and Lady Edward sitting together by the fire. The youngest child had been brought down out of its bed for him to see, and both he and Lady Edward were, as she thought, in tears." It was, perhaps, the last time which he beheld them on earth; but they were his first thought when wounded, and his last when dying. Why do we refer to this moat patriotic subject at the present time ? The letter which we publish elsewhere from the pen of Mr. J. P. Leonard, of Paris, will more than answer that question. The tomb of Hamela, Lady Edward Fitzgerald, has long stood surrounded by cypress trees in the Cemetery of Montmartre, unknown until his anxious research discovered its place. Not too soon was it found. As he states, it was allowed to remain, by the charity of chance, until an Irish hand should uncover the inscription ; then the cypress trees were stricken down, and the railing which guarded it was removed. In a little time, but for the patriotic vigilance of an Irish heart, the remains of this noble lady, who was the sister and the daughter of the proudest Kings of Europe, would have been cast into the common pit, where lies the bones of the nameless and uncaredfor dead. From this sad fate the action of our countryman has saved the remains of Lady Edward Fitzgerald, giving them the hospitality of the tomb where repose his own beloved dead. They will rest in safety until such time as Irishmen, in union with the descendants of their exiled kindred, shall give them a secure refuge and a suitable monument. Shall that time be long P We cannot believe it. The following letter also appears in the Freeman. 50A LEINSTER-ROAD, 5th November. (To the Editor of the Freeman.) Sir—All honour to Mr. Leonard. He has proved, not for the first nor the hundredth time—for I well remember his noble labours in Paris for suffering Ireland in 1847 and on many other occasions —that although his lot is cast in a foreign (if an Irish Catholic can deem France foreign) land, he feels deeply for the country that has the honour to own him as her son. His feeling appeal (and he has lately had poignant domestic grief of his own) is Bure to meet with a cordial response from every Irish heart, to be followed by prompt pecuniary action. It is not a matter of political opinion. Great men like O'Connell, and unimportant men like most of ua, may differ from the wisdom of Lord Edward's policy, but we must all honour the spotless purity of his motives. It was but the other day that a member of her Majesty's Government sent money to help to pay off the debt due upon the statue of King Robert race, whose sword, wielded at Bannock- burn, gave Scotland many centuries of national independence by his overthrow of the "felon" (the word is Scott's) King of England. In the same spirit we may all honour those who, from pure motives, straggled for our rights. But what of the Geraldine ? In a short time we shall be celebrating the centenary of glorious '82, and paying homage to the memory of the Duke of Leinster of that day :— 1 1 The gallant man who led the van Of the Irish Volunteers." Shall we be obliged (such of us as may live to 1882), to hang our heads for shame at the thought that the present Duke of Leinster, owner of a princely rent-roll, allowed the remains of the widow of the man, whose memory is the noblest escutcheon of the "Hibernicis Hiberniores" Geraldines, to receive fitting sepulture by public charity ? The jroper final earthly resting-place of Lady Pamela Fitzgerald is in the vaults of St. Werburg's Church, Dublin, beside her patriot husband, who gave up rank, liberty, worldly hopes, and even life, for the lancf he loved so well. But if this duty be not paid by Carton, it will, with melancholy pleasure, be paid by Ireland. Lord Edward died free from any legal guilt, and, therefore, in the eye of the law, a legal citizen. Curran, in his splendid argument against the attainder Bill before the Irish House of Commons in August, 1798, proved that point. He was asked for his evidence. " I have none to offer (said the greatest advocate that ever lived, though not the greatest orator) I have often gone to the dungeon of the captive of my instructions, but never to the grave of the dead." Curran failed and the bill passed. Lady Pamela's friends presented a memorial to King George III., signed by the Duke of Richmond (a relative), Charles James Fox, the Duchess of Leinster, Lord Holland, and many others, but without success, and the attainder which (as Curran said) " sought to dishonour the dead, and to take away the bread of the widow and the orphans," was not reversed till 1819. Let us hope that the historic Geraldines will step in without delay, by a small outlay, and prevent a great national scandal. I have the honour to be, Tour obedient servant, ? THE FIRST VICTIM OF THE IRISH FAMINE. An inquiry just held at Innishowen by the coroner has disclosed the sad fact that absolute starvation exists, and has had its first victim. The deceased was the wife of a cottier tenant holding, in some way, a small patch of land. The hard times came on the family without anything to fall back upon. As a consequence, they soon found themselves in the face of sheer want. The mother sank under it, and the coroner's jury, after hearing the testimony of the doctor and other witnessed, have come to the conclusion that death resulted from congestion of the lungs, brought on by cold and want of nourishment. The family, whose remaining members are cast on the charity of the people abont the place, reside in the parish of Desertegney, barony of Innishowen, county Donegal. A visit to their wretched habitation disclosed the presence of want in its worst forms—no food and no fuel. Nourishment of any sort there was none, save a cupful of Indian meal. Fire was represented by a little heather, the use of which proved the utter lack of ordinary firing. That destitution exists in many instances is beyond doubt, and it is by no means certain that death from it will be isolated to one or two cases. It appears that abatements of rent have been granted in the district, in some instances the reduction being 25 per cent.; but this case sadly demonstrated how little use is an abatement of rent when there is not money for. the necessaries of life. THE DISTRESS IN IRELAND. The distress is beginning'to make itself felt. In Donegal the condition of the people is little short of downright famine. In one portion of the country the people are heavily burdened with debt, and without credit whereby to obtain food for their households. During the last three days, eighty-one persons, representing fcnir hundred and nine individuals, called at the houses of the well-to-do, detailing alarming accounts of approaching want. From eighty to ninety per dent, of their potatoes failed, their other farm'produce so scanty that' their entire food sujpply will be exhausted; in periods of from one to severiweeks, 'raid i their poverty so extremethat not'only is ( there no seed available for •flie ! 'nest! spring, but positive' want lbiig bfefofre! i^ait tSmfeamyer^efesirdief & pt6Vid6& j A'memorial 1 to this' Irish <Joye rtimietft 1 is, being prepared ' soliciting eirf^toyrtfgnt, and the landlords of the district'are' quested to promote the providing of work; but "even were _ employment available, there are families, without any capability of'labouring—aged, sick, and widowed persons, -whose helpless house- holds are now face .to faoe with dire starvation. This remote region has ne lay gentleman reading in it, and it* iahabitanta are a very quiet and inoffensive people; the poor rate was already 2s. 6d. in the pound before the pressure had cemmenced, and the local sources of relief are quite unable to meet any pressure.—Belfast Examiner. AW ENGLISH ACCOUNT OF THE ARRESTED WEN. A correspondent of the London Standard, writing from Sligo, gives the following sketch of Mr. Davitt and Mr. Killen:—"Mr. Michael Davitt, a Catholic and son of a tenant-farmer, was born at Straid, near Castlebar, in the County Mayo, in the year 1846. His father was evicted in 1851, and the family went to reside in England; they settled in Lancashire, where they remained for twenty-five years. Michael Davitt went to work in a cotton mill atHaslingden at the age of nine, and he was a year at the labour when his right arm was crushed by the mill machinery, necessitating its amputation at the shoulder. For five years after he attended the Wesleyan school in Haslingden, and at fifteen he obtained employment as an assistant letter-carrier and bookkeeper in the printing-office attached to the post- office there. Leaving that in 1868, he became a commercial traveller, dealing extensively in fire-arms, an avocation which brought him into difficulty, as a large quantity of his goods found their way to Ireland. On the 14th of May, 1870, he was arrested in London, with a gunsmith named John Wilson, from Birmingham. He was tried at Newgate on a charge of Fenianism, and on the 17th of July, 1870, was sentenced, by Chief-Justice Cockburn, to fifteen years' penal servitude; Wilsonbeinr awardedseven. Corydon was theinformer on the occasion, and Davitt declared solemnly that he had never seen Corydon before in his life till he confronted him on the dock. Davitt underwent his imprisonment in Clerkenwell, Newgate, Millbank, Dartmoor, and Portsmouth for a short time, and then was sent to Dartmoor again, till, on the 19th of December, 1877, after being seven years and seven months in prison, he was handed a ticket-of-leave and discharged. He then went on a lecturing tour through England and Scotland, speaking in London and Manchester, Liverpool and Glasgow, and on the 21st June, 1878, was examined before the Royal Commission, of which the Earl of Kimberley was the President, appointed to inquire into the working of the penal servitude acts, and the management of convict establishments throughout the kingdom. The evidence given by him on that occasion fills fifteen pages of the Blue Book, and contains several suggestions as to the classification of prisoners, etc. On the 23rd July, last year, his health being in a precarious condition, he went to America, and delivered a course of lectures through the States. He intended bringing back his mother and sisters, who had gone to America previous to his imprisonment. However, he decided to leave them a year or two longer, until times would mend in Ireland, and he again landed in this country on the 21st of December last. It was his intention to engage in the wholesale tea trade in Dublin, but he abandoned that idea for a more favourable opportunity, andjtook to literary work and lecturing in England. He is the correspondent of the Pilot, and of an Irish-American paper in New York, and also occasionally contributes to Irish provincial papers. The part he has taken in the Irish land agitation, and which has led to his arrest, is well known. Mr. James Boyce Killen, barrister, is a Presbyterian, and lives at No. 5 St. George's Place, North Circular Road. He has a wife and four children. He is the son of Samuel Killen, farmer, and was born at Kells, in the county of Antrim, in 1844. He received his early education at the Belfast Academy institution ; subsequently entered - the Queen's College, and became a gold medalist, M.A., and L.L.B: of the Queen's University. In 1869 he-waft called to the Irish Bar, and in that some year delivered a lecture on the " Spirit of Irish History," before the Queen's College Literary Society, the sentiments of which brought him into collision with the College authorities: Articles were published'in the DuWin ConserVai ti«J journals, severely criticising the lefcture, and 1 the 1 matter was' brought under the notice' of jPftriiaiflent ! by ithfe member for Ahnagh- feity. 'Some'tintf! M ter -Mr. Killen Wtofc to* America. Wheft •he fie sprSotisedmtich at'his V&fesfijfe;^ havmfe principally devoted *himbtff?to litem* pursuits, arid he was^ to - some <ktent connected Tfrith one of the Nation^ weefelyjournab During^heyeto 1876, 1877,, and 1878 he was "Bfflrrinetife Lecturer on Political Ecoitfo&y; fiithfe . Statistical Society r-of - Ireland. <Mr» Killen's grandfather was one of the men who participated in the rebellion of 1798.; COMPARATIVE IRISH STATISTICS OF ' CRIME. Mr. E. S. Robertson gives some statististics from " Thorn's Almanac" concern-; ing drunkenness, pauperism, and crime in Ireland, in an article contributed by him to the Contemporary Review, which are worth remembering. With regard to pauperism, these statistics referring as they do to the year 1876, cannot, of course, be accepted as a criterion of the state of things now, when the bad weather, deficient crops, and general depression of trade have united to produce a condition exceptionally bad. In. 1876, however, whilst one person in every tbirty-tbree in England and Wales was a pauper, and in Scotland one in every fifty-three, the proportion in Ireland was only one in sixty-eight. The proportion is not 60 flattering when we come to the matter of drunkenness. Thus, in 1876, while the arrests- for drunkenness in England and Wales were only one in every 118 of the population, and in Scotland one in every 134, in Ireland they reached the humiliating proportion of one to every forty-seven. Of course, as Mr. Robertson remarks, these figures include very many cases of repeated conviction so that it would be entirely incorrect to infer from them either that one person in every 118 in England, or one person in every fortyseven in Ireland is actually a drunkard. And it is paradoxical to find Scotland showing a smaller proportion of drunkards than either of the other kingdoms. Mr. Robertson accounts for the number of Irish arrests for this cause by the very plausible theory that while there is a much larger police force maintained in '.Ireland than in either of the other countries, the very absence of serious crime leaves them so unemployed that they "expend a quantity of surplus energy in arresting drunkards whom the busier constables in England and Scotland would allow to stagger quietly home." One thing, at least, is plain from the statistics of crime, aud that is, io use once more Mr. Robertson's own words, that either "Irishmen are not such very drunken animals after all, or else that they are somehow or other an exception to the rule which connects drink and crime." To illustrate : In 1876 only four persons were sentenced to death in Ireland, while in England the number was thirty-two. Yet the population of England is to that of Ireland as four and two-fifths to one, and the death sentences in the more populous country were eight times as many as in the other. Again, nearly all the Irish murders were agrarian, and with these drink is only casually if at all connected. In England, on the other hand, nearly all were committed under the influence of intoxication. In the matter of convictions to penal servitude there is also a striking contrast. There were twelve sentences for life in England against none in Ireland, and 280 to terms of years in England against fifty in Ireland. So with the minor offences Against property. In Ireland there were (only 798 against 10,674in'England ; and Of these only 104 suffered imprisonment •for terms of years, against 1063 in England. It seems to us that figures like these go to show two things: First, that the IriBh are " somehow or other an exception -to the rule which connects drink and'crime"—the "somehow" to be accounted for by the faith which keeps oonsoience from absolute death even nnder the stupefaction induced by drink; and second, that when they can be persuaded to let their faith rule supreme over their actions and therefore to be Entirely temperate, as becomes men who are the temples of the Holy Ghost, they •will rank all the English speaking peoples in both oivic and social virtues, as they already rank them in the supernatural Virtue of divine faith.—Catholic Review. AN IMPORTANT ISSUE RAISED. \- A writ has been Berred on the Very Rev. D. Parrelly, the'respected bursar of Maynooth College, by one of the Duke pf Leinster'a bajliffs. The writ is addressed to the Rev. Thomas Farrelly and the trustees of Maynooth Cpllege, as tenants of the farm of Laraghbryan. It summons in the usual form the defenr dants to cause an appearance to be entered : on thpir behalf, within eight days, in the Queen's Bench Division of the High Court of Justice in Ireland, to deliver up possession of the lands in question, and to pay the cpste lOUhe proceeding, which. ajreset down ,at:£2 ;5s,, The proceedings jp. the .Court of Queen's Bench will be looked forward to> with* more than ordinary interest.: Th» defendants, as is . -w^l known, are the Cjatbolic ibiehopa of Ireland.. The lands frpm which they are about, to be evktpd are held by. them : in trust for the institution, the name of -fc held-in affectionate reverence Wherever anlrishCatholio has found a ippija, - And- (.be: eviction, which the ,flpnrt i»ill ina few, daysbe called opon to execute, is the result of (he inflexible determination with which the bishops, true to the best traditions of the ancient heirarchy of which they are to-day the represensatives,' have adhered to their resolution not to sacrifice, even on behalf of such a trust, the interest of the tenant farmers of Ireland; by affixing the corporal seal of their national college to that unhappy specimen of misplaced legal ingenuity—the " Leinster Lease." THE ARMS SCARE -EXPLAINED. John Bull was recently, apparently, considerably scared by the news that arms were being imported into and sold at a lower price in Ireland. A Ballinasloe correspondent in the Dublin Freeman, of 10th November, explains the matter as follows :—" Some time ago I saw an advertisement in the Farmer's Gazette that Enfield rifles to the number of 5000, guaranteed 1000 yards with ball, and 400 yards with shot, were for sale, and to be sent to any address from the Government Stores, Sheffield, on receipt of 6s. 6d. As I wanted something to frighten the crows, I sent off a P.O. for the amount to' Fred A. Hill, and received the rifle per rail, for which I had to pay 3s. 6d. carriage. The piece is well able to frighten the crows, but whether it is able to kill them or not I cannot say. The Government, having cast off these arms and ' war materials,' are anxiouB to sell them, having no more use for them, and as they are really very cheap, and as anyone can have them and retain them who holds a lieense to have and carry arniB, of course a few of them find their way to Ireland. Mr. Harper, Chairman of Town Court, Ballinasloe, has a number of these rifles for sale, and I presume no one will accuse him of being a Fenian. As for the arms themselves, I can safely say if they were not rifles, but mere fowling-pieces, and sold as cheap as they are, ten times the number would be sold. I am sure there is not one of these rifles in the possession of any man unknown to the authorities." The Government may have permitted the sale of some of the guns BO that they could at any time swoop down on the purchasers and give them two years' imprisonment for " having arms in a proclaimed district." 