ORDINATION SERMON. Preached in the Pro- Cathedral, Ballaamt, on Trinity Smiday, 1880, foj the Rev. H. E. Cooper, M.A., of Chines. 'Also I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, Whom shall I send, and who ?will go for us? Then said I, Here am I ; send me,'— ISA. vi. 8. \- The Church invites us to-day to meditate upon that mystery of mysteries, the Trinity ; and also to join in the solemn services whereby men are commissioned and exhorted to go forth as the Mixiw«oa«uuio \jm. viizs gicau jlxh~h.i\j viuv.ii jl-lic. uui uiuu uj. kjvjxx^julijl^ from which our text is taken, and which forms the first lesson for this [morning's service, brings before us both these subjects. May we not say that in Isaiah we have one who 'aspired to be the preacher of God to his countrymen?'* Then here we have his pre paration for and ordination to that office. Consider, then, with me — I. The Vision op Jehovah ; II. The Effect upon the Pkophet. I. Isaiah is in the temple. A few years before, the king, Uzziah* in the haughtiness of his heart, had entered that temple, arrayed as a ? priest, intent upon offering incense. Withstood by the true priests, and smitten with leprosy by God, he is hurried from the sanctuary which his presence defiles. His pride and rebellion find an echo in the hearts of the people. God, therefore, sends His sore judgments upon the land. Earthquake, drought, and locusts, in turn, devastate it ; and now war is threatened. Meanwhile, or, at least, during a considerable portion of the time, there is a great parade of the ' pride, pomp, and circumstance' of outward religion. The ; '.-.??' * Senha/ln : Readings i7% Hehmo History, ; temple services are crowded, sacrifices are abundant, holy days solemnly observed. How hollow was this show of worship we learn from Isaiah i., where God in burning words expresses His hatred of such ' vain oblations.' Day by day these worshippers saw the ' out ward and visible signs;' but their hearts grasped not by faith the ' inward and spiritual grace.' To how few did the lavers speak of defilement in the purest which needed to be washed away 1 How few saw in the whole burnt-offerings the need of the consecration of the whole man to God 1 Of few did the incense express the ' sweet savour' of their prayers ; few really felt and confessed the sin which needed the sprinkled blood on the mercy seat beyond the veil. But here is one whose eyes the Lord has opened ; and ' to him that hath shall be given.' Lingering after service, thinking, perchance, of his country's desolation, deploring the absence of vital religion, bemoaning the fate of Uzziah — now dying of his loathsome disease, or already dead — Isaiah looks towards the mercy seat and prays. The opine oi tne iiora comes upon mm, ana ne is raps in vision, me veil is lifted, and his entranced eyes behold the Lord, high, and lifted up, sitting upon a throne ; the fringes of His priestly-royal robe fill the temple, decked with light as with a garment, ' the earth is full of His glory.' The prophet looks upon the Thrice-Holy One, while burning seraphim, veiling their own imperfections, glow with the glory of the Lord whom they adore. But who is this King of Glory ? — this Lord of Hosts ? St. John (xii. 41) tells us it was the Lord Jesus Christ, who declared to Philip, ' He that has seen Me hath seen the Father' (John xiv. 9). And in Acts xxviii. 25, 26 the words of ver. 10 of our chapter are attributed to the Holy Ghost. Thrice-holy then, indeed I Holy Father I Holy Saviour ! Holy Spirit 1 Three per sons in one God 1 And here we confront an inscrutable mystery, and we would do well to imitate the seraphim, and veil our eyes, as not daring to scrutinise too closely the being of our God. To what purpose were an investigation ? The field is too vast for our vision. It is out side the range of our reasoning powers, though by no means con trary thereto. ' It is a truth,' says Hilary of Poitiers, 'which lies beyond the domain of language, beyond the scope of sense, beyond ILLC UUliipi CUCU01UU Ul JLCilOUlJ, 1UC ill ULUlliy GIB njlUVV 1b U\JV, LUC angels understand it not, the ages do not comprehend it, no prophet has discovered it, no apostle explored it, the Son Himself has not made it fully known.'* Nevertheless, it is a doctrine which runs through the whole Bible ; and faith gladly receives it on the ipse dixit of God ; yet not by the prostration of reason, for ' He who made us with such large discourse, looking before and after, gave us not that capability and godlike reason to fust in us unused.' But what is its province here ? Surely all that it can do is to confess that it suffers no violence in the acceptance of this truth. Doubtless, illustrations — some may think them analogies — are to be found in nature. The trichotomist may see one in the tripartite nature of man — a trinity in unity ; but also diversity in unity, for ' body, soul, and spirit' are not of one substance. The optician will tell you that ' the prismatic spectrum consists really of three Bpectra of nearly equal length, but of various colours ; and these three — red, yellow, blue — are not only the sum of all colours, but it is their combination that produces the colourless unity of light. 'f Yet the qualities of these several rays cannot be compared with the peculiar offices of the several persons in the Trinity. These are, perhaps, the best examples ; and if such illustrations help the faith of any one, by all means let him use them ; but he must remember they are not arguments, nor, as Bishop Kaye, commenting upon the fanciful illustrations used by Tertullian, remarks, must we ' draw con clusions from them, or think that whatever may be truly predicated of the illustration may be predicated with equal truth of that which it was designed to illustrate.' Nay; this is a spiritual thing-, to be spiritually discerned ; and ' he who would enter into this as into any other truth must have his standing in it before he can imder $tand.'% ' For man,' says St. Augustine, ' being renewed in his mind, and beholding and understanding Thy truth, needs not man as his director ; by Thy direction Thou teachest him, now made capable, to discern the Trinity of the Unity and the Unity of the Trinity.' ' If any man is willing to do God's will, he shall know of the doctrine' — know it, not with the cold, hard logic of the mind, but with the loving apprehension of the heart. He will know expe rimentally ' the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and the love of God, and the communion . of the Holy Ghost' (2 Cor. xiii. 14) ; he will realise that, through the Lord Jesus, we ' have access by one Spirit unto the Father' (Eph. ii. 18) ; that ' God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into our hearts, crying Abba, Father' (Gal. iv. 6) ; that ' the blood of Christ, who through the Eternal Spirit offered Him self without spot to God, shall purge our c'onscience from dead works to serve the living God' (Heb. ix. 14) ; he shall drink of ' a pure river of water of life, clear- as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the Lamb' (JRev. xxii. 1). The doctrine of the Trinity thus viewed is something for faith day by day to rest upon, to live by, and not an intricate theological puzzle upon which to exercise the ingenuity of the intellect once a year. The difference of the two methods is thus well expressed : — Reason unstrings the harp, to see Wherein the music dwells ; Faith pours a hallelujah song, And heavenly rapture swells. AVlrile Reason strives to count the drops That lave our narrow strand, Faith launches o'er the mighty deep, To seek a better land. By Reason's alchymy in vain Is golden treasure planned ; , Faith meekly takes a priceless crown, Won by no mortal hand. ' ' While Reason ia the labouring oar That smites the wrathful seas, Faith is the snowy sail spread out To catch the freshening breeze.§ * Quoted in Cliristlieb. t Brewster. t Christliei. § Hawrgai. ? With Isaiah, this morning we behold the glory of the Lord, a blessed Trinity of wisdom, love, might — glorious ia holiness, mighty to save. . In order, therefore, to a comparison with ourselves, let us ask — II. What was the effect of this vision on the prophet ? ' Then said I, Woe is me ! for I am cut off ; 'because 1 am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips : for mine eyes liave seen the King, the Lord of Hosts.' How lightly we think of, speak of, do acts of sin I How it is palliated, excused, glossed over 1 But get a glimpse of the holiness of God, bring the sin into the bright light which issues from His throne, and what hideous, gigantic proportions does it assume ! If we would know the magnitude of our sins, let us endeavour to know more of Him who is ' of purer eyes than to behold iniquity.' 'Those who have lived nearest to God, and have known most about Him, and have been mo3t visibly irradiated by the light of His countenance, have been foremost to acknowledge that the 1 burden' of remaining imperfection in themselves was truly 'intolerable.' Their eager protestations have often seemed to the world to be either the exaggerations of fanaticism, or else the proof of a more than ordinary wickedness. For blemishes which might have passed unobserved in a spiritual twilight are lighted up with torturing clearness by those searching, scorching rays of moral truth that stream from the bright sanctity of God upon the soul that beholds it. In that presence the holiest of creatures must own with the Psalmist, ' Thou hast set our misdeeds before Thee, and our secret sins in the light of Thy countenance.' '* Thus it was with Isaiah. But what has been the effect in us of the contemplation of the Thrice-Holy One ? Those who, with the prophet, have often ap proached their God will again humble themselves in the dust. But what of those whose hearts have never surged with real repentance 1 May there not be with us lips polluted by the ribald jest, stained by the coward lie, defiled by the God-dishonouring oath ; or eyes full of lust, inflamed with passion, red with wine ; or hands the executives of crooked transactions ; or hearts cherishing corrupt, unholy thoughts? Brethren, ' all things are made manifest by the light.' He whose eyes are as a flame of fire stands in the midst to-day ; to Him all hearts are open, all desires known ; from Him no secrets are hid. Shall holy seraphim cover their feet, and bow their heads in lowly reverence, and man, sinful man, stand unabashed ? Nay ! from many hearts shall go forth the cry, ' Unclean ! unclean !' and new ioy shall thrill the song of the seraphim to the holy, holv. holv Lord! This humble penitent condition at once attracts the ' High and Lofty One,' for He condescends to 'dwell with him who is of a contrite and lowly spirit.' The prophet's lips are touched with a iive coal from off the altar by one of the seraphim, who says — ' Lo, this hath touched thy lips, and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged.' Thus sanctification is effected 'through a com munication of divine love'f — the fire of love burning up all dross, and inflaming the heart with holiness. And this love is connected with sacrifice ; for ' thy sin is purged' — i.e., covered, atoned for. From the altar where ' Love Himself was crucified' comes the effectual cleans ing; for 'if the Hood of bulls and of goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the purifying of the flesh : Mow much more shall the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered Himself without spot to God, purge your consciences from dead works to serve the living God' (Heb. ix. 13, 14). Yes, brethren, the purity and holiness (symbolised by the jasper and sardine) of Him who sits upon the throne are ever surrounded . by the emerald rainbow of covenant mercy. When, therefore, the light of God's glory draws from the stricken soul the confession — ' I have sinned,' angel voices whisper, 'Thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin is purged.' But may we not also see a connection between this ' live coal' and the ' tongues like as of fire' which were distributed upon the apostles at Pentecost, bestovying the gift of utterance, and giving them holy boldness to bear witness for their Lord ? And is not the word of the Lord in the mouth of the prophets likened to a fire (Jer. sxiii. 29)— a fire which tests, and tries, and purifies, and separates 1 Thus baptised 'with the Holy Ghost and with fire,' can we wonder that, when Isaiah hears ' the voice of the Lord saying, Wliom shall I send, and who will go for us?' he gladly answers, 'Hei'e am I; SEND me ?' In tracing the chain of effects which results from a due contem plation of the perfections of Jehovah, we have noticed the conviction, confession, and pardon of sin. Those in whom these operations have taken place, ' being made free from sin,' are ready to 'become the servants of God' (Rom. vi. 22). They place themselves entirely at the disposal of Him who has done such great things for them. ' Speak, Lord, for Thy servant heareth,' and ' Lord, what wilt T7i,ou have me to do ?' will faithfully represent their attitude and aspiration. And if this be so, may we not fairly assume, from the absence of 'fruits unto holiness,' that very many have not yet ob tained freedom from sin 1 God grant that some to-day may be quali fied, and hence impelled to say, ' Here am I; send me.' Send me, Lord, -where Thou wilt send me, Only do Thou guide my way ; May Thy grace through life attend me, Gladly then shall I obey. Thine I am, 0 Lord, for ever, To Thy service set apart ; Suffer me to leave Thee never, Seal Thine image on my heart. And while we pray and hope that a more entire consecration to God's service may take place in the hearts and lives of many in this congregation, our thoughts naturally turn to those of whom ' we have good hope that they have well weighed and pondered these things with themselves long before this time ; and that they have clearly determined to give themselves wholly to the office whereunto it hath, pleased God to call them.'J We believe that each one, being * Liddon : Bampton Lectures. t W. Kay, D.D. % The Ordering of Prmts. keenly alive to his own. unworthiness, yet no less conscious of the work of grace in his heart, fired with the divine love for souls, feel ing that ' necessity, is laid upon him, yea, woe is unto him if he preach not the Gospel,' stands here this morning in obedience to the Master's call, with deep humility, yet with a faith which, forgetful altogether of self, reposes in the grace and sufficiency of Him who calls, will say, with cheerful alacrity, ' Here am I ; send me.' Yes, Lord, send me ; for I would tell in all its sublime simplicity, in all its powerful attraction, in all its self-sacrificing love, the wondrous story of the cross. Send vie ; for the world lieth in the wicked one. Men are tied and bound with the chains of their sins, and I would direct them to Him who, by His cross and passion, His precious death and burial, His glorious resurrection and ascension, has obtained deliverance for the captives. Send me ; for there are weary ones, toiling heavily along the path way of life, burdened with sin, and care, and anxiety, and I fain would tell of One who said, ' Come unto Me all ye that labour and , are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' Send me ; for heads are bowed, and hearts are breaking, loved ones are stricken down by fell disease, families are desolated by remorseless death. ' Rachel, for her children weeping, ovill not be comforted' and I long to testify that He who is the ' Man of Sorrows, and acquainted with grief,' who wept at Lazarus' grave, and dried the widow's teara at Nain, is now within the veil in heaven's most holy place, our Great High Priest, ' touched with the feeling of our in firmities.' Send me; that I may speak that I know, and testify that I have seen of the mercy, and goodness, and love of the blessed Trinity. Yes, Lord, send me ; for I am burning to speed the tidings forth. Thy holy fire has inflamed my heart, and glows in glorious thoughts which quiver in joyful words upon my lips. Oh, brethren, I almost envy you the lofty thoughts, the high-souled aspirations, the warm love, the fervid zeal with which you present yourselves here to-day to be solemnly set apart for your life's work. Are you not prepared to follow the blessed Master whithersoever He goeth — to speak, to do, to dare, to suffer, to die if needs be, for His sake? It is a whole burnt-offering you make unto Him to-day — yourselves, your souls and bodies, a reasonable, holy, and lively sacrifice ; and He accepts you. But now, suffer a word of exhortation. Will this fire burn on ae clearly, as strongly as now? Not without replenishing from Him who is not only the flame of fire, but the oil to feed it. Be not so deluded as to suppose that the being occupied with holy things will keep you holy. If you will indeed follow the Master, follow Him into the desert places, on to the mountain tops, as well as into the busy city and the crowded temple. Be much in prayer ; seek continually through all the means of grace the unction of the Holy Spirit ; honour Him always, in everything — pray, preach, visit under His guidance, in His power, for His glory. Eemember, ' we have this treasure in earthen vessels that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of vs.' ' Be strong in the Lord, and in the power of His might.' Be brave with the courage inspired by faith in Him, and in the mission entrusted to you. Shrink not from duty, even though it be at times unpalatable. The prophet Isaiah, after the vision of God we have considered, was charged with a duty trying and painful. In snch cases, let the imperfect, unworthy human agent be lost in the importance of the message which can be prefaced by the words, ' Thus saith the Lord.' Yet the hearers will ever connect the message and the messenger. Take heed, therefore, to yourselves, as well as to your doctrine. High is the dignity of your calling ; well may you magnify your office ; but surely you will not be satisfied with any ex-officio estimate of your character. No dignity of office can secure men's respect unless it be borne by one whose life is trans parent, whose character is worthy. ' Walk worthy, then, of the voca tion wherewith ye are called.' May to-day's solemn business haunt your memories through life. Impelled by the resistless might of God's Spirit, you prayed Him to send you forth. Ee-examine your commission, and review your work. Mistakes, errors of judgment, flagging zeal, many shortcomings, you will discover ; but, by God's help, resolve that never will you be disloyal or unfaithful to your Master ; never will you deny Him ; never will you be ashamed of Him ; never will you cease to hold Him forth as the Lamb of God that taketh away the sins of the world. Need I remind you of the joy and the blessedness which are yours as ' labourers together with God ?' It is yours to carry relief to the penitent, comfort to the mourner, hope to the dying ; to be the herald of mercy, the harbinger of peace ; and then, having finished your work here, to be welcomed by the Master you have served — 'Well done, good and faithful servant, enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.' .:??.! 