A STRANGE FELLOW-VOYAGER I've had many a queer voyage in my time said Captain M ), but the queerest I ever bad wae one that I made (aomewbat unexpectedly, aa you will see) upon the Great Fieh River in 8oath Ainoa, on my way back tram a booting excursion. AS I Beared the bank, I saw that the nver was in full flood, more than twine its usual hraaitb, — H , mming like a mill-race. I knew at unce that I should have a very tongh job t-. get aorosa — for a flooded Afrtoao river is ho j-ike, loan tell yon. Bnt X knew also ths uiy w.te wunid be terribly auxieoe rf X dido' come bark on tti. day 1 had fixed— South Afrioa being . plane where a „Ojd maiiy thing ui.y n.ppeu to a ui si — ud .X d.g ermioed.,-- chance it, Just at fee mbtfp rip I fmtf » rid Bushman that I knew well, who had a boat of bis own, so I hailed him at once — " Well, Kaloomi, what will yon take to pat me across the river!" "No go fifty dollar time, baas" (master), said the old fellow, in his half- Dutch, half- English jargon. 44 Boat no get 'croea to-day ; water groed!" (great) And never a bit conld I peranade him, altbou-h I offered him money enough to make ny ordinary buahman jnmp head firat down a precipice. Money was good, be said, but it would be no nee to him when he was drowned, aod in short he wouldn't bodge. Well, if yon won't pot me across," said I at last, 44 lend me your boat, and I'll jest do the job for myself; I can't very well take my hone with me, .eo I'll jnet leave blm here ic pledge that l'll.pay for the boat when I come back." 4 'Keep horse for yoo, master, quite willing ; out 'epose j pu tiy to cross to-day yon never come back to ask for him." Ho spoke ao positively that, although I m not easily frightened, I certainly did feel rather uncomfortable. However, wheo yon've got to do a thing of that eort, the less yon think of it the better, eo I jumped into the boat and shoved off. I bad barely got clear of the shore when J found that the old fellow was right, for the boat ebot down the stream like an arrow. 1 I saw in a moment that there was no hope of paddling her across, and that all I could do wae jnst to keep her head straight. But I hadn't the chanoe of doing even that very long, for jnst then a big tree came driving atong, and bitting my boat fall on the quarter, smashed her like ao egg-shell. I hsd jost time to clutch the projecting roots and whisk myself np on to them, and then tree and I went away down-stream together, at I don't koow how many miles am honr. At first I was so rejoiced at escaping jost when all seemed over with me, that 1 didn't think mnch of wbst was to corns next ; bat before long I got something to think about with a vengeance. The tree, as I've said, w&b; a large one, ond the branch end (the opposite one to where I eat) was all one mass of green leaves. All at once, jost as X was shifting myself to a ester piece among the roots, the leaves snddenly shook end parted, and out popped ' the great yellow head and fierce eyes of an enormouB lion 1 I don't think X ever got euoh a fright in my iife. My goo had gone to the bottom along with the -boat, and the only weapon I had left wae a abort hnoting-knife, which against such a beast as that would be ' no more use than a bodkin. I fairly gave myself np for foet, making sore that in another moment he'd spring forward and tear me to bits. Bat whether it was that he had already gorged himself with prey, or whether (as 1 suspect) he was really frightened at finding himself in enoh a scrape, he showed no disposition to attack me, bo long at least as I remained still. The instant I made any movement, however, he would begin roaring and lsshius his tail, aa if he were coins to fall on me at once. So, to avoid provoking him, I was forced to remain stock still, although sitting so long in one position cramped me dreadfully. There we sat Mr lion amd L etnring.at each other with all our m-ght — a very picturesque group, no donbt, if there faaa Oeen anybody there to see it. Down, down the stream we went, the banks aeemng to race peat ae as if we were going by train, while all around, broken timber, waggon- wheels, trees, bushes, aod the carcases of drowned hoists and cattle went whirling past as upon the thick, brown water. All at ouoe 1 noticed that the lion seemed to be getting strangely restless, and turn rnn his great head from side to side in a nervous kiod of way, as if he saw or heard something that he didn't like. At first I couldn't imagine what on earth was the matter with him, bnt presently 1 caught a aimed when -scared me much worse than it had done tfa- lion. Far in the distance, I oould hear a doll booming roar, which I hsd heard too often not to reobgoiie at buoe : we were nesting a waterfall ! I had teen Ihe great fells of the Fish River more than once, sad the bare thought of being carried over those tremendous precipieee made my very blood run cold. Yet being devoured by a lion would hardly be mnch of an improvement, and as I hadn't the ghost of a chinos of being able to swim ashore, there really seemed to be no other alternative. Faster and faster we went— fender end loader grew the roar of the cataract ; the lion seemed to have qnite given himself up ./or lost, and crouched down among the Jesves, only uttering a low moaniog whine every now. aod then: I was fairly at m> Wit'e-end whit to do, wbec all of a sadden I caught eight of something that gave me a .-gleam of hope. ' A little way ahead of us, theriyernsrrowed suddenly, aod a rocky headland thrust its-df out a good, way into the stream. On one of the loweetjmioteof it grew a thick clump of trees, whose boughs overhang the water ; and it struck me that, if we only passed near cnbrigi, I might manage to' catch hold of one of the brunches aud swing myself np on to the rock. No sooner said than done. I started np, hardly cariDg whether the lion attacked me or not,' and planted myself firmly upon one of the biggest rootej where L could takeagool spring when the time oame ; I knew that this woold be my lest chance, for by this time we were eo near the precipice that I could see qnite plaioly, a little way ahead, the great clond of spray aod vapour that hovered over the great waterfall. Even at the best it was a desperate venture, and I can toll yon that I felt my heart beginning to thump fjke a sledge-hammer as sre came closer add closer to the point, and I thought of what woold happen if I missed my leap. Jnst as ws mated it, it happened by the special mercy of God that oar tree strnek against something aod turned fairly croea- wiee to the current, the end with the lion oo it swinging out into mid-stTeam, while my eid was driven close to the rock on which the clump of trees grew. Now or never 1 I made one spring (I don't think I ever made enoh another before or since) aod jnst clotched the lowest hough ; and as 1 dragged myself on to it, I heard the last roar of the downed lion mingling with the thunder of the waterfall, as he Vanished into the clond of mist that overhung the precipice. As for me, it wae late enough that night before Igot home and Ifoond my poor wife in a fine fright about me ; so l thought it jnst ae well, on the whole, to keep my adventure to myself, and it wasn't till nearly a year later that she heard a word about mv strange fellow-voyager. K. 