THE MYSTERY OF SASASSA YALLEY. A 80UTH AFBICAN STOBY. Do I know why Toni Donahue is called "Lucky Torn?" Tee, I do; and that is more than ona in ten of those who call him sotcan say., I havejknocked about a deal in my time, and seen some stiange Bight?, but none stranger than the way in which Tom gained that sobriquet and bis fortune with ic; for i was with hini at the time. Tell it ? Oh, certainly; but it is a longiah story, and a very etrango one; BO fill up your glass again, and lighc another cigar, while I try to reel it <ff. Yea ; a* very strange one-beats Botue fairy stories I have heard ; but it's true, sir, every word of. it. There a?e men alive at Capo Colony now who'Jl remember it and confirm what 1 Bay. Many a time has the tale been told round the lire in Boers' cabins from Orange State to Gri^uaiand; yea, and out in the bush and at the diamond fields, too. ' I'm rougbiah-uow, sir; bat I, was entered at the Middle Temple once, and studied lor the bar. Tom-worse luck!-was one of my feilow-studenta; and a wildish time we bad Qi. it, until at last our finances ran short, aud we were 'compelled to give! up oar co-called studies, and look about for come pact of the world were two young fellows with strong arms and Bound compilations- might make their mark, la those days the tide of emi gration had scarcely bogun to set . in toward Atrioii, and so ,»e thought .our best chance would be down at (jape Coioay. '.Well, to make a long story abort-we set Bail, and were deposited in Oupe Town with lesa than' five pounds, in our pocketB; aud there we parted. We eaoh tried our. hands at many things, and had upa and downs; but when,, at the end o! three yeara chauoe led each ol us up-country at*i we met' eguio,. we were, I regret to aay, inalmoat as bad a plight as when we started. - ( Well, this was not mach of a commence ment; and very diahear tuned we were-so disheartened that Turn Bpoke of going ;oack to England and getting a clerkship. For you see we didn't know that we,had played oat all our. small ourda, and that the trampn were going to tnrn up. No; wo thought our "hands' were bad;all thiough. It was a veryk lonely part ol the country that we Wert in, inhabited by a few scattered farmers, whose houses were stockaded and fenced in to defend them against the OaffteB. Tom Donahue and 1 had a little hut right out in the bush; but we wero kuowu to possess nothing, and to be handy with our revolvers, so we had little to fear. There w'e waited, doing odd jobs, and hoping that something would turn up. Well, after we had been there about a month, something dfyl turn up upon a certain night-something, which was the making of both of us; and'it's about that night, sir/that I'm going to tell you. I remember it well. The wind was how ling past our oafcin, and the rain threatened to burst in our rude window. We had a great wood fire cracbling and sputtering ou the hearth, by which I was titling mending a whip, while Tom was lying in bis bunl^ groaning disconsolately at the chance which had led him to such a plaoe. " Cheer np, Tom, cheer up," said L " No man tvei knows what may be awaiting him." " Ill luck, ill luck, Jack," he answered, "lalwaya was an unlucky dog. Here have I been three years in this abominable coun try ; and I see' lads freBh_. from England jingling the money in their pockets, while I am as poor as when I landed,*Ah, Jack ii yon want to keep^yonr head above water, old Iriend, you mualtry your fortune away from me." i i "Nonsense, Tom; you're down on your luck to night. But, bark! Here's some one coming outside. Dick Wharton, by the tread ; he'd! rouse you if any man can/' Even as I spoke, the door was flung open, and honest Dick Wharton, with the water pouring from him, stepped in, bia hearty red face looming through the haze like i harvest-moon. He shook himself, and after greeting us, sat down' by the fire to warm himself. " Whereaway, Hick, on such a night aa this ?" eaid I. " You ll find the rheumatism a worse foe than the Ca fires, unless you keep more regular hours." Dick was looking unusually sferious, almost frightened; one would say, if one did not know the man. " Had to go," he replied-"bad to go. One of Madison's cattle was Been straying down Sasassa Valley, and of course none of our blacks would go down that valley at night; and if we had waited till morning, the brute would have been in Caffraria." " Why wouldn't they go down Sasas8£ | Valley at night i" asked Tom. 5 I " Caffres, I suppose," Baid I. f " Gfaoats," eaid Dick. We both laughed. "I suppose tbey didn't give Each a matter-of-fact fellow as you a sight of their charms?" said Tom, from the bunk. "Yea," said Dick, seriously-"yes; I saw what the niggers talk about; and I promise you, lade, I don't want-ever to see it again.'' Tom sat up in his bed. " NoEsense, Dick; you're joking, man. Come, tell us all about it. The legend first, and your own experience afterwards. Pass him over the bottle, Jack." " Weil, as to the legend," began Dick, "it seems thai; the niggers hare had it banded down to them that the Saea?sa Valley is haunted by- a frightful fiend. Hunters and wanderers passing down the defile have seen its elowing eyes under the Bhadowa of the cliff; and the story goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that baleful glare has had his after life 1 blighted by the maiignant power of this creature. Whether that be true or not," continued Dick, ruefully, "I may have an opportunity of judging for myself." "Go on, Dick; go on," cried Tom, " Let's hear about what you saw." "Well. I was groping down the valley, lookiDg for that cow of Madison's, and I had. I suppose, got half way down, where a blafk, craggy cliff juts into the ravine on the right, when I halted to have a puil at my fiaek. I had ray eye fixed at the time upon the projecting cliff I have mentioned, aud noticed nothing unusual about it. I tbenjjTjtup my flask and took a step or two forward, when ^n a moment there burst: apparently from the baseof t he rock, about Cfght feet from the ground and a hundred yards from me, a strange lurid glare, " flickering and oscillating, gradually dying /iway, and then re- appearing again. No, ve seen many a glow-worm and fire /.fl|--nothing^ of that sort. There it- w«s 'miming away, and I suppose I gazed at it, tTembiing in- every limb, for fully t^n minutes. Then I took a step forward when instantly it vanished-vanished like a candle blown, out. ' X stepped back again ; but it was sane time before I could find the exact spot and position from which it wag visible.. At last, there it was, the weird reddish light, flickering away as before. Then I screwed up my courage, and madei'ir the rock; but the ground W&b; eo uneven tl at it was impossible to steer straight; snd though I walked along the whole base of the cl'^ff, I could see nothing. Then I mude tracks for home; and I can tell you, boys, that until.you nmarked it, I never knew it was raining, the -whole way along.-But hallo 1 what's the matter witu Tom?' What indeed ? Tom was now flittiDg with his IfgB over the side of the back, and his whole fnce betraying excitement so iatenee as to be almost, painful. " The fiend would have two eyes. How many lights did you sea, Dick? Speak out!" " Only one." . j " Hurrah1" cried Tom, 'J that's better." Whereupon he kicked the blankets into the middle of the room, and began pacjpg op and down with long feverish strides. Sud denly he stopped opposite Dick, and laid his hand upon his shoulder. > " I say, Dick, could we get to Saeansa Valley before sunrise?" ".Scarcely," said Dick. . ' . " Wei', look heie; we are old friendp, Dick Whartoo, you and I. Now don't! you tell any. other man what you have t>.ld us for a week. You'll promise that, won't you f" I could see by the look on Dick's face a<i he acquiesced that he considered poor Tom to bc.mad; and indeed I waa uiyself completely mystified by bis conduct. I bad, however eeeu 8<J mmy prooid ol my friend's good sense and quick ne?8 o( apprehension that I thought it quite poBaihle that Whurton's story had had a meaning in his eye» which 1 was too obtuse to take in. _ AIL night Tom Donahue was greatly ex cited, and when Wharton left, he begged bim to remember his promise, and also elicited from him a deecription of the exact spot at which he had seen the upparitioo, as well'as the hour at whioh it appeared. After his departure, whioh must have been about four in the morning, I turned into my bunk, and watched Tom sitting by the fire Bplicing two etioks together, until I fell asieep, Isnppofe I.mu«t have slept about two hours; but when 1 awoke, Tom waB still eitting working away in almost the same position. He had i fixed the one Btick serosa the top of the other so as to form a rqngh "["« and was now busy in fitting a smaller Btiok'into the angle between tbem, by manipulating whioh the erosa one could be either cocked up or de pressed to any extent. He bad out notohes, too, in the perpendicular stick, so that, by the aid of the email prop, the cross one could be kept in any position for an indefiuite timo. " Look here, Jack," he cried, whenever he saw that I was awake. "Come and give me your opinion. Suppose I put this cross-stick pointing straight at a thing, and arranged this email ,one eo as to keep it eo, and left if, I could find that thing again if I wanted it; don't you think 1 could, Jack-don't. you think so ?" he continued, nervously, clutching me by the arm. .. '.Well," I answered, " it would depend on bow far off the thing was, and how accurately.it was pointed. If.it were any distance, I'd-.cut sights on your cross-stick; ' then a Btring tied to the end: of it, and { held in a plumb-line forward, would .lead you pretty near what you wanted. -But surely, Tom, you don't intend to, localise the shest in that way " You'll see to-night, old friend-you'll see tVnight. I'll carry this to the Sasassa Valley. You get the loan of Muiiaon'a crow-bar, and come with me; but mind you tell no man where you are going, or what you want it for." Ail day Tom WEB walking up and down the room, or working hard/at the apparatus. His eyes were glistening, his cheek hectic, and he bad all the symptoms; of high fever. Heaven grant that Dick's diagnosis be not correct I" I thought, as I returned with ihe crow-bar; and yet, as evening drew near, 1 found myself imperceptibly sharing the excitement. About six o'clock Tom sprang to Mb feet and seized his sticks. . " I can stand it no longer, Jack," he cricd; " ap with your crow-bar, and hey for SaaaBsa Valley! To jght's work, my l»d, will either make us or mar UP. Take your gix-shooter, in case we meet the Caffreg. I daren't take mine, Jack," he|:ominued, putting bis hands on nby shoulders-I daren't take mice; for if my ill-lack Bticks to me to-night, I don't know ; what I might not do with it" j Well, having filled our pockets with pro visions, we set out, and as we took our wearisome way towards the Sasassa Valley, frequently attempted to elicit from my companion acme clue as to his intention*. Bat his only answer was: *' Let us hurry on, Jack. Who knows how' many have beard of Wharton's adventure by this time I Let us hurry on, or we may not be first in the field." Well, sir, we struggled^ on through the hills for a matter of ten miles, till at last, after descending a crag, we saw opening out in front of us a ravine eo eombre and dark that it might have been the gate of Hades iteelf; cliffa many hundred feet high .shut in on'every Bide the gloomy, boulder studded pasEage which led through the haunted defile into Caffraria. The moon rising above the crags threw into strong relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of rock by which they were topped, while all below was dark as Erebus. "The Sasassa Valley?" eaid I. " Yes," said Tom. I looked at him. He was calm now; the flash and ieverishness had passed away; his actions were deliberate and elow. Yet there was a certain rigidity in his face and glitter ia his eye which showed that a crisis had come. We entered the pass, stumbling along amid the great bo.ulders. Suddenly I heard a short quick exclamation from Tom. " That's the crag 1" he cried, pointing to a great mass looming before us in the dark ness. ".Now, Jack, for any favour use your eyes I We're, about a hundred yards irom that cliff, I take it; so you move Blowly toward* one Bide, and I'll do the same to wards the other. When you see anything stop, and call out. Don't take more than twelve incheB in a step, and keep your eye fixed on the cliff about eisht feet from the ground, Ave you ready ?" " Yea." I wa3 even more excited than Tom by this time. What hi3 intention or object was I could not conjecture, beyond that he wanted to examine by daylight the part of the cliff from which the light came. Yet the influence of the romantic situation and of my companion's suppressed excite ment was so great that I could feel the blood coursing through my veins, and count the pulees throbbing at my temples. " Start!" cried Tom; and we moved of!, he to the right, I to the left, each with our eyes fixed intently on the base of the era;:. I hud moved perhaps twenty feet, when in a moment it burst npon me. Throngh the growing darkness t'uere shone a small ruddy glowing point, the light from wfaiob waned and increased, fliokered and csoillated, each change producing a more weird tueot than the last, The old Coffre tBuperBtition came into my mind, and I felt a cold shnuder pass over me. In my exoi'ement I Bopped a pace backward, when instantly the light went out, leaving utter darkness in its place; but when I advanced again, there was the ruddy glare glowing from the base ol the cliff. " Tom 1 Tom I" I oried. " Ay! ay!"' I heard him exolaim, as he hurried over towards me. . " There it is-there, up against the olm ! Tom was at my elbow. " I see nothing,' said he. . . " Why, there, there, man, m front ol you 1 I stepped to the right as I epoke, wheu the light instantly vanished from my eyes. ^ But from Tom'B ejaculations ol delight it was clear that from my former position it was visible to him also. " Jack," he oried, as he turned and wrung my baud-" Ji.ck, you and I can never complain of oar lnok again. Now heap np a few atoneB where we are standing, Trial's right. Now we mu<*t fix my Bign-poBt firmly in at the t<-p. There I It would take a strong wind to blow that down, and we only need it to hold^ out till morning. Oh, Jack, my boy, to think that only yesterday wo weto talkiDg of becoming clerks, and you saying tbht no man knew what was awaitiuR him, too! By Jove, 'Jaok, it would m^ke a good fetory !" . By this time we bad firmly fixed the per pendicular stick in between two large Btones; and Tom bent down and peered along the hor.zontal one. F'->r fully a quarter of an hour he was alternately raising and depress ing it, uniil at last, with a sigh of satisfac tion, be fixed the prop into"tho an^le, and stood np. "L'jok along, Jaok," he said. " You have as straight an eye to take a sight as any man 1 know of." I looked along. There, beyond the further eight, was the ruddy Bointillating Bpeok, apparently at tho end of the siiok itself, so acuur&tely; had it been adjusted. " And now, my hoy," said Tom, " let's have noma sapper, and a Bleep, There s nothing more to be done to-night; but we'll need all «ur wits and strength to- morrow. Get some sticks, and kindle a fire bore, aud then wt'/l be able to keep an eye on our signal post, and see that nothing happens to it tlqring the night." ' Well, sir, we kindled a fire, and had supper, with the Sieassa demon's eye roll ing and glowing in front of us the whole night through. Not always in the same plact>, though; for alter supper, when I glanced along the sight8 to have another look at it, it was nowhere to be seen. The information, did not, however, eeem to dis turb Tjm in any way. He merely re marked: "It'flthe moon, not the thing, that has shiftedand, coiling himself up, went to sleep. By early dawn we were bolh up, and gazing along our pointer at the cliti; but we could make out; nothing Bave tbe one dead, monotonous, elaty eurface, rougher perhaps at the part we were examining than elsewhere, but otherwise presenting nothing remarkable. "Now for your idea, Jack," Eaid Tom Donahue, unwinding a long, thin cord from round his waist. " You: fasten it, and guide me while I take tbe other end." So eaying, he walked off to tbe base of the cliff, holding one end of the cord, while I drew the other taut, and wound it round the middle of the horizontal stick, passing it through the sight at the end. By this means I could direct Tom to the right or left, until we had our string Btretch ing from the point of attachment, through the eight, and on to the rock, wbioh it struck about dight feet from tho ground. Tom drew a chalk circle of about three feet diameter round the spot, and then called to me to come and j >in him. " We've managed this business together, Jack," he said, " and we'll find what we are to find, together." The circle he had drawn em braced a part of the rock smootner- than the rest, save that about the centre there were a few rough protuberances or knobs. One of theBe Tom pointed to with a cry of delight. It was a rooghish, brownif.h mags about (he size of a man's closed fiat, and looking like a bit of dirty glass let into the wall of the cliff. " That's it," he oried-" that's it ?" " That's what ?" " Why, man, a diamond, and saeh a one a& there isn't a monarch in Europe but would envy Tom Donahue the possession of. Up with your crow-bar, and we'll soon exeroise the demon of Sasasaa Valley !" I was so astounded that for a moment I Blood speechless with surprise, gazing at the treasure which had 80 unexpectedly fallen into our hands. "Here, hand me the crow-bar," said Tom, " Now, by using thiB little round knob which projects from the el ff here, as a fulcrum, we may be able to lever it off. Yes; there it goe?. I never thought it could have come BO easily. Now, Jack, the sooner we get back, to our hut, and then down to Cape Town, the better." We wrapped up our treasure, and made our way across the hilis toward home. On the way Tom told me how, while a law etudent in tbe Middle Temple, he had come upbn a dusty pamphlet in the library, by one Jans van Honnym, which told of on experience very similar to oars, which had befallen that worthy Dutchman in the latter part of the seventeenth century, and which resulted in the discovery, of a luminous diamond. This tale it was which had come into Tom's head, aa he listened to honest Dick Wharton's ghost story; 1 while the means which he had adopted to verify his supposition sprang from his own fertile Irish brain. " We'll take it down to Cape Town," continued Tom, "and if we can't dispose of it with advantage there, it will be worth our while to ahip for London with' it. Let us go along to Madison's first, though, he knows something of these things, and can perhaps give us some idea of what we may consider a fair price for our treasure." We turned off from the track accordingly! before reaching our hut, and kept along the narrow path leading to Madison's farm. Ho was at lunch when we entered; and in a minuto wo were seated at e&oh; tide of him, enjoying South African hos pitality. ''Well," he said, after the servants were gone, "what's in the wind nowf I see you have something to eay to me. What ia it?" Tom produced his packet, and solemnly untied the handkerchiefs which enveloped it. " There!" hQ said, putting hie crystal on the table; " what would you eay was a fair prite for that ?" UadiEon took it up and examined it criti cally. " Well." he said, laying it down again, "in its crude state, (about twelve shillings per ton." .'Twehe shillings1" cried Tom, starting to his foet. " Don't you Bee what it is?" " Rock-Bait." "Bock fi:Hl?!-a tlismond." " Toate it," said Madison. Tom put it to his lips, dashed it down with a dreadful oxolamntion, and ruBhed oat of tho room. I felt sad and disappointed enough myself: but presently romombering what Tom had said about the pistol, I too left the house, and made for tho hut, leaving Madison open mouthed with astonishment. When I got in I found Tom lying in hiB bank with his face to tbe wall, too disspirited apparently to answer lay consolations. Anathematising Dick and Madison, the Sasassa demon, and everything else, I si rolled, out of the but, and refreahed.my* self with a pipe after our wearisome ad venture, I was about" fifty yardu away from the hut, when I heard issuing from it the sound which of all others I least ex pected to hear. Had it been a groan or an oath, I should have taken it as a matter of coarse; but the sound whioh caused me to stop and take ihe pipe out of my month was a hearty roar of laughter I Next moment Tom emerged from tbe door, his whole faco radiant with delight. " Game for another ten-mile walk, old fellow P" " What I for another lump of rock-salt| at twelve shillings a ton?" "' No more of that, Hal, an' you love me/" grinned Tom. "Now, look 'here, Jack. What blessed fools we are, to be so floored by a triCo! Just sit on this Btamp for five minutes, and I'll make it as clear as daylight. You've seen many a lump 6f ' rock-sait stuck in a crag, and so have I, though wo did mska such a mull of this one. Now, Jack, did any of the pieces you have ever seen shine in tho darkness brighter than any fire-fly ?" " Well, I can't s&y; they over did." " I'd venture to prophesy that if wo waited until night, whioh wo woa's do, we would see that light still glimmering among tho rockis. Therofore, Jack, when we took away this" worthless salt, we took ihe wrong ory&al.; it is no vorj &trango; thing in tboae bills lhat a piece of rook-ealt should be lying within a foot ol a diamond. It caught our eyes, and we were excited, and so *wc made fools of ourselves, and left the real stone behind. Depend npon it, Jaok, the Sasasna gem is lying within that magio oirole of chalk upon the face of yonder cliff. Cocao, old follow, light your pipe and etow your rovolver, and we'll be off beforo that fellow Madison b&i; time to put two and two together," I don't know that I was very sacguino this time. I had begun, in fact, to look upon tbe diamond as a moat unmitigated nuissnoe. However, rather than throw a damper on Turn's expectations, I announced myself euger to start. Wtiat a wa It it was 1 Tom was always a good tnouutaineer, bat his exoitement seemed to lend him wiDgs that d«y, while I soramblod along after him as beat I could. Wiicn wo got within half a mile he broke into the " double," and never pulled np until he reached tho round white cirole upon ihe cliff. Poor old Tom! when I came up his mood had changed, and he was standing with his hands in his pockets, gazing vaoantly before him with a rueful ouuntenance " Look 1" he said-"look!" and he pointed at the cliff. Not a sign of anything ia the least reeemMing s diamond there. The circle included nothing but Sat, slate-coloured stone, with one large nolo, where we had ex tracted the rook- salt, and one or two smaller depressions. No sign of tho gem. "I've been over every inoh of it," said poor Tom. " It's not there. Some one has been here and noticed the chalk, and taken it. Come home, Jack ; I feel siok and tired* Oh 1 had any man over luck like min&I;" I tprijoil to go, but took one last look at the cliff first. Tom was already tenpacesoff. " Hallo 1" I oricd, " don't yoa see any change in that circle since yesterday?" " What d'ye mBan ?" said Tom. "Don't yoa' miss & thing that was there before ?" " The rook-salt ?" said Tom. " No; but tho little round knob that we used for a fulcrnm. I suppose we must have wrenched it off in UBing tho lever. Let's have a look at what it's made of." Accordingly, at the foot of the oliff we searched about among the loose stones. "Here you are, Jack! We've done* it at last! We're made men 1" I turned round, and there was Tom radiant with delight, and with a little corner of blaok rook in his hand. At firat sight «t seemed to be merely a obip from tho cliff; but near the base there wae projecting from it an objeot which Tom was now exultingly pointing oat. It looked at first something like a glass eye; but there was a depth and brilliancy about it suoh as glass never exhibited. There was no mistake this time; we bad certainly got possession of a jewel of great value; and with light hearts we turned from the valley, bearing away with ua the .. fiend" which had so long reigned there. There, sir, I've spun my story out too long, and tired you, porhapa. You see, when I get talking of those rough old days, I kind of see the little cabin again, and the brook beside it, and the bush around, and seem to hear Tom's honest voice onoe more. There's little for me to say now. We prospered on tbe gem. Tom Donahue, as you know, has set np here, and is well known about town. I have done well, farming and ostrioh raising in Africa. We set old Dick Wharton up in business, and he is one of our nearest neighbours. If you should ever be coming up oar way, sir, you'll not forget to ask for Jack Tarnbull- Jack Turnbull of SasasBa Farm. Pop-Urs.-Two e^ge, well oeaten; two teacapfulu of milk, and flour enough to make a thin batter; first mix together the float, and milk smoothly; jubI when they are ready to go into tho &ven; add tho eggs, beaten very light; fill earthen teacups half .full of the batter, with a small lump of bntW on the top; place the cups on a dripping-pan and b*ke in a hot oven. They are to be eaten with batter and ',»ugftr, 91 a fcffeetaanm. ~ 