MR. DAMPIER AS HAMLET. Ry David Buchanan.) On Friday night this grand play was performed at the Queen's Theatre, Mr. Dampier appearing as the Prince of Denmark. No rending or re-reading, or any number of repetitions of this noble work ot Human genius, can ever detract from its ever lasting glories and beauties. The splendours of this great poem fall upon us with a continually in creasing freshness on every repetition, and Hie profound depth and hidden meaning of the work is never absolutely sounded or thoroughly under stood, even by the keenest nnd most penetrating of intellects, and hence tlie most powerful minds in all ages, since Shakspeare wrote, have selected this piny as a favourite theme for the expression of their wonder and admiration. When we think of tlie wretched stuff we are so frequently treated to on the boards of our theatres, anil which sends us home so melancholy nnd disheartened, it is some consolation that we have tlie occasional felicity of listening to the English language handled by a great master, and tlie workings of the tinman heart depicted by a vision so clear and an insight so profound nnd unerring. What lessons of wisdom are scattered through this glorious play. What magnificent flights of the highest poetic excel lence. Wlint far-reaching thoughts stretching away towards heaven and hell, and even beyond them ; wlint 1111 unfathomable sea are we occasionally launched 011. ami what flashes of light and beauty are continually mizzling and delighting us from the prolific and gorgeous imagination of the great poet. To eome away from at! litis, at its close, is to eome away fn.m joys and delights that last for days after, and ii maybe witli impressions that wo wilt carry with us to our graves. Glory, therefore, to the theatre that otters the people intellectual food so wholesome and invigorating as the great works of our own Shakspeare, wltoso very name surrounds England with a more imperishable glory and a brighter lustre than tlie combined deeds of all her statesmen and warriors put together. Mr. Dampier's performance on Friday night was, as everyone knew it would bo, a most excellent effort, full of intelligence, deep thought, refined and polished, and in every way worthy of i he groat name and reputation he has achieved in this etiaraeior. Judging of it us a whole there wa- irmeli to commend, and it might with justice tie culled a very perfect anil finished picture of the most inieresring anil unforiunaic prince. Mr. Dampier makes Ifamlet appear, in his intercourse with the people around him, occasion ally more social and familiar than we usually see it done. This is correct, for in the midst of all his dejection there was a good deal of fun nliout Hamlet, and no one understood a joke better or relished it more; and, indeed, lie confesses that lie was sometimes liable to bear himself in an odd and strange manner, and even "to put an antic disposition on " — that is, to unbend himself in occasional jocularity nnd fun, and make innocent sport of tlio.se about him. We know how far tie carried this with 1'olonius, and also how bitter is his irony and humour with Rosencrantz and Guildcnsterii — also the grim joke when the king asked him — "Where is 1'olonius?" Hamlet answers—" In heaven ; send thilherand seek him ; if your messenger find him not there, seek him in the other place yourself." Taking everything into consideration Hie fun of this is inimitable. Some people think Hamlet was mad, others that lie pre tended to be mad. With great deference, the intelligent reader will think both those ideas absurd. That he was not mad is seen in tlie fact that lie was continually exercising a very powerful reason — notably where he stumbles on tlie king while lie is engaged in prayer. Hamlet thinks this, at first, a good opportunity to murder tho king, and says, "Now might I do it pat.;" but his reason comes to his aid, and lie argues, iE I kill him now, while so engagoil, lie might probably go to Heaven ; 110, I will take him while drunk at gaming, swearing, " Or about souii! ant Ttiat has no r«l'sh or salvation in't ; Then trip him that lii.i heets may kiuk at henvr-u. Ami that his aotil may be as damu'il anil black As hell wti reto It qoes." This is certainly not the reasoning of a mad man ; and as to his feigning madness, I can not for my life imagine how or for what purpose sueli a necessity was imposed upon him. Hamlet was peculiarly situated ; lie was living in Hie same palace with a murderer, tlie murderer of his father, and an unexampled ruffian. He did not know what violence might be attempted at any moment against himself ; lie therefore suspected everybody and was rendered morose and irritable, and answered people in riddles sometimes having a sting in them that pierced to Hie heart. All this might lead people to think hi in mail, but Hamlet had 110 intention Hint it should do so. In fact lie had heard of tho report of his madness, nud amused himself witli tho joke : " I am hut mad north-north-west ; when tho wind is southerly 1 know a tiawk from a heron." Mr. Dampier gave its this idea of Ilamlet — a refined and iiob'.c-mindcd prince and gentleman, witli the sensibility of Hie most pure-minded of women — a soft ilelecaey of thought and feeling alternating, occasionally, with fierce outbursts of tempestuous passion — a hesitating indecision of eh:. racier with a prompt and faultless eavriage — a highly cultured mind ranging into all Hie l-eee-ses of the most, absu use philosophy, and an outward appearance " so express and admirable" Miat he attracted all eyes " as tlie observed of all obser vers." There was much in Mr. Dampier's most interesting performance new and original, and whatever was of that character was natural and judicious. His interviews with Rosencrantz and Guildcnslcrn were free, easy and natural, and the full meaning of the dialogue admirably brought out, which contributed much to the - clear understanding of the play. Hamlet's treatment of Ophelia may lie accounted for by Hie dreadful po.-ition his mother stood in a-, a consenting parly 10 his father's murder, and her marriage, with tlie murderer, 't'lii- might lmve explained the aver sion of Ilamlet 10 women generally, nnd hence his rudeness, if not enmity, to Ophelia. Mr. Dampier, with fine discrimination, continually allowed his love to overflow in Hie midst of all his harshness, and, witli ihe sympathy of every human heart and tlie assent 01 every intelligent mind, pressed Ophelia warmly to his heart, drawing forth an approving response from tlie whole audience. " I loved Ophelia. Forty thousand brothers with ull their quantity of love could not make up inysum," says ilamlet. Was it not, ttierefore, in every sense, natural that this prodigious love should, in some way, assert itself in tlie interview referred to? I11 Mr. Dampier's intelligent view it did so, and nothing could have been finer than tlie extreme delicacy with which Hninlet gave Ophelia to under stand his real feeling towards tier in spite of his apparent harshness. It is rarely we see this scene performed with so line an intelligence as that which characterised Mr. Dampier's acting. Tho scone at tho ptay wns a piece of very powerful acting 011 Mr. Dampier's part, although I urn quite satisfied that tlie climax is reached when the lines beginning " Why let the stricken deer go weep," kc.. are reueiitcd. The words " He noisons ltiin i' the garden for his estate. IJ is name's Gonzago ; the story is extant, and writ in choice Italian : You will see anon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago's wife," arc merely explanatory, and should be repeated while Hamlet is still lying nt Ophelia's feet ; nnd when finished Hamlet should turn his face to the stage to watch the further pro gress of tlie play, and " to see anon how tlie mur derer gets the love of Gonzago's wife." In the mean time tho effect of Hie piny upon the king is brought about sooner than ilamlet expected. Ophelia ejaculates " The Kiug rises." Hamlet then sees at once that his medicine has operated, lie starts to liia feet, shouting, " What ! frighted witli false fire ?" and when ttio Kiug and the whole party rush from the scene in terror nqd confusion, f lam- let, in the ecstncy of conquest and Hie pridu of conviction, thunders forth from the centre of his impassioned soul its very essence, in the words — Why, let the stricken iloor go weep, Tlie hart uuga toil play ; For some must watch', whilo some must sleep,— So ruus the world away, Mi) Datajiier did pot jiorfortq if this iva)', 1# followed a modern innovation which brings about a double climax — tbe one destroying the other. The scene with his mother was full of fire and eloquence, ami was performed in n masterly style. Mr. Dampier wis perfectly at home in all tlie soliloquies. " To 1)0 or not to be " was a piece of noble elocution, nnd his abstrac tion while repeating it was complete. That splendid piece of eloquence beginning — " O, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," wns declaimed with a force and fiery energy thnt carried tho house by storm, Mr. Dampier's splendid voice giving full effect to every line, and tlie play was carried along with tlie same power nnd eifect to its close. I have left myself no room to speak of the excellent acting of the ladies and gentlemen who supported Mr. Dampier, and who form the very powerfui company engaged at the Queen's Theatre. I would only make this one remark, in conclusion, that the idea of accompanying the. words of Shakspeare with an idiotic drivelling of music from the orchestra, as wns done in Hie Ghost scene, was simply barbarous, nnd intolerably annoying to those who enme to listen to the words of Shakspenrc, surpassingly beautiful in this very scene, mnrred ns it was by the defect alluded to. 