ROMISH INDULGENCES. " The Pope appears to- make a bargain with sinners, and on certain conditions, such as the joining in a crusade,' the helping to extirpate so- called heresy, the performance of- certain' pilgri-: mage3, the repetition of prescribed formulas, or /the payment of money, thereupon 'he agrees to ' give them vdrdons for siri. Firidiritr this traffic singularly lucrative, for what will not , men do 'to indulge in Bin with' impunity, it became deve loped into a system of fabulous wickedness. . In- dulgences for the dead,' as well as for the living, ; were freely sold, and thus; the affections as well 'as the selfishness of men," were turned to' account for the' 'replenishment of,' the 'Papal 'treasury. Some of these indulgences ' especially, .mentioned the very' sin's which the word of inspiration de clares, exclude from the kingdom of heaven/, and bade those who. practised tlierri not ' doubt (of eternal salvation,', if they! bought a Papal indul gence.'' /;; (;(,;/, (-'V/./!/./;/ . Tlie number of : years by which ' tbq ! torments of ' purgatory were ; to -be ' abridged' ' by' some/of these indulgences was .extravagant / io/ tho( last "degree.; J ohn XII. .granted " ninety thousand 'years of, pardon for deadly'siris," forthe'deyout repetition of three prayers, written iu the Chapel of ' the . Holy Cross at Rome. Irideo'd, (such /has been ' the ' profligate . extravagance, with" which these pardons have been dispensed,' aid the ex cessive facility with' whioh- they ihay he pro- curedj that if tliey hadb'een-made: available ac cording to the intention, of the Romish Church, then must- -purgatory,'- again- and -again; have been swept out. Nay more, it' must for over be kept empty, and- the'sins of all the sinners that ever -lived must have been forgiven over and \- over again. -- " The sale of these indulgences for ! money was the proximate cause of the. Refofmation. The intense disgust'and the utter abhorrence with whioh they came to bo. rejgarded, in consequence of " the " unblushing effrontery and 'shameless trickery cbnneoted .with ! their sale, roused' all Germany 'to : resist their introduction. Then Martin Luther was stirred up to 'examine "into the rotten foundation ' on whioh they ' rested for support; ' The story can never' be too often mentioned, how -Tetzel, , the indulgence-monger, bearing the bull of Leo X. on a velvet cushion, travelled in" state' from town to town in a gay equipage, took his station in the thronged cnurcly and proclaimed to the credulous multi tudes, " Indulgences are the most precious and sublime of .God's gifts ! This red cross has as much efficacy as the cross of Jesus Christ. Draw hear, aud i will give you letters duly sealed, by which even the sins you shall hereafter desire to commit, shall be all forgiven yon. There is ho sin so great that indulgence cannot rdmit. Pay, only pay largely, and you shall be forgiven. But . more than all this, indulgences save not the divipg alone, they uIbo save the dead. Ye prieBts, ye nobles, ye tradesmen, ye wives, ye maidens, ye young men, hearken to your departed parents and fricndB, who call to you from the bottomless abyss, 'We are enduriug horrible . torment ; a small alms would deliver. us ; you eat i give itj will you not ?' Tlie moment tho money clinks !at'the'bottbm of/the chest, the soul escapes from purgatory, and flies to heaven. .. With ten groschen you can deliver your' father from pur gatory. \ Cur Lord God no longer deals with us as God-— He has given all power to the Pope." . . The indulgences were stereotyped and sold in the following form : — "Our Lord Jesus Christ have mercy on thei?, Joseph Rogers, and absolve thee by the merit) of His most/holy sufferings. ;I,(in virtue, of ..tho apostolic power committed' to mej, absolve theo from/all' . excesses, sins,' and crimes, that thou ihaybst' have committed, however great and Enormous they, may be, and of ' what ever kind. .I' I remit the paiii s thou wouldest-'havo had 'to' endure" in /piirgatory. -.- r ' ; : I' restore' thee to the' ' ihnqcence. aiid purity of thy baptism, bo 'that'at' the 'momeut of deaththo. gates of tlie place of tormeiit'sball be shut, against ;-thee, and' > -the, gates of Paraclisq open to;thee. Aud if: thou 'shouldest -live: long, this grace continueth unchangeable till the time of thy, end. In the name of the Father and:of tho Son and of tho Holy, Ghost. , Amen.- -/The brother -John Tetzel, commissary; hath signed this .with his own-hand." j :!!:; iiv.v , Therowas a. published - scale of (the prices for which/the different sins could be pardoned,' and is still to-be purchased. It -is. 'evident that- the .gain of money.was the only:object in, the' past as wellas.the present time.; , -Hence -an-! enormous , price, was - charged' for. indulgences in/ certain crimes likely :to be::committedi by:.the.:rieh— - 'crHiies,, let itibe remembered, only designated by the. laws of ,the Church— while -the . grossest -violations of: the law, of God were excused for a ,mere<bagatelle. . The royalandmerelyiconven- , tional crime of marriago with a first cousin- cost JB1000 (Alphouso XIL, of Spain, in 1879, 'married Mercecles; his:eou8in), -while the:terrib!e -sin'of wife.inurder costjonly. £4 1:,".':"". i, .: :;i ; ,, Spanheim says— V, The institution' of - indul gence, was the mint:which coined money- for; the Roman Church;: , . , Jt was :the gold mint fof the profligate; nophews/andiiiatural children, of the Pones. , The nerves of the Ptinal wars : the moans ; of liquidating debt ; and the inexhaustible foun tain of luxury to the pontiffs.":' o: The curse fell oh'Simon. Magus for /thinking that .the gift-.qf God' -might-. be purchased with money. /Whatithen-.shall be- saidof ihim: who t pretends, that'.he has divine authority to sell tho grace.of Gocl for: money ? > Of diimd who "leads millious of immortal, souls to Incur the guilt and curse of .Simou Magus, under the cruel delusion -that .they ; are securing salvation ? And - who. leads them, to do this for - his own wicked -and iSelfishiends ? Is' it possible to; find guilt-- of - a .deeper dye; perfidy of a- more atrociously, hear t- . less and ,, Satanic.;. character. > i Even -the: Jows: ,could say,. "f:None .can -forgive sins i save':;God; :only, 1" .iWhat-.shall-.be - said-sof -him. who'/pro- fesses to /blot out guilt and; --remo ve', its penalty, ; jfrom- countless thousands who'repos'e < unlimited .confidence, in: him,; in order to secure .his own evil, ends?.: v Scriptural : teaching affirms -that " whoso oon- ifesseth and forsak'eth his sin'.i shall find mercy ?" ,Whatithen-shall'be-Baid iof; him,«iwlio 'bffereth-. .boundless.; mercy,:, to ' those, who so love '-and; cleave to their sins as to bo - willing to pay enor- -mous prices foripermission to ' commit/sin ? Of :him who makes - plenary pardon' dependent on -mere outward." acts,-- ;pravers, -.pilgrimages;-.! pay- ment's, /or, oven, on the-commission of other gross .sins, massacreB, extirpation of ' heretios,- &'e. ? -Tho. man after God's? own heart prayed, " Keep back,; thy servant from presumptious .-sins, - 0 Lord..": : What then shall be said of iliim - who- encourages to: presumptious siu by the prospect, of plenary. pardon at .the moment of death, on .condition ot holding, a candle or .kissing a bead ? That this practise is a mighty and effective inducement , to . sin,- , ; no one uequainted , with (human naiure, /.and "'-'tho" .operation ( .of" moral causes', ' 'can. for ; a moment' call in' question. / But 'what is still worse',' it;misrepfese'nts /the atone- ment.of Christ, asserting its insufficieney to put away sin;-' ' '/It '/denies the . houhdlessness.J and ; freedom of /the love of God, '/and of thq' gospel'('of- grace; 'which offers pardon witlioul ftoney arid ' without pfjice! ! It gives false' impressions of /the ; triio nature of sin. tKe guilt qf whieh is so great that blopd-shedding 'alone can" remove it. ( It separates ! ,what' ; God . has indissolubly joined, justification and sahctification, providingpardon apart'from' a change of ' heart; ( It conceals; from view'the tribunal .of/the righteous Judge," and; draws men to' a fellow-man, , sinners to k fellow sinner, for pardoh,. 'It - is", bpp'osed/itq ' the' ; dob- (trines of /f repentance, toward Ghd;aud' faith in; the- Lord- - J esus ' Christ, "''as well as; to ' all prac tical godliness I'ahd is most assuredly' a charac- teristib /ahd'/'lihdisputablq ' creation of ,,lthat wicked one, whose comiiig 'or adyoht is after. the working of Satan."/ / (,(;/'. //(/-'!,'.'; . . , / If ahy person (wishes .to .form.an.ddea of, the Romish Chancery: (Regulations, ..he ; need, only eompnte the past, of those relating to annats.. An . aoebunt of them may be seen. in the tract pub lished by Silber, at Campo , Flore, near Rome, 1514/ under, the title of .''Taxa ,:Cancellari® Apostolieie et Taxa Sanctis Pcenitentioe," and which was republished at Cologne by Colini, 1515, and at Paris, 1520— a copy of which trans lated into English belongs to the writer of . this paper. ( It has been frequently published with notes and comments, and oome diversity in. the text,' whence the Papists placed it in the list of books prohibited, as being perverted by Pro testants, . It contains the tariff of dues to : be paid to the Papal Chancery for all absolutions, dispensations, &c.; According to it, a Dean may be absolved from a murder for twenty crowns. A Bishop or Abbot may commit a murder when ever he pleases for 300 livres ; and any clergy man may be guilty of unchastity under the most- abominable circumstances for one-third of the above sum. An ingenious French Popish divine, Claude Espenee, has written indig nantly concerning the book in question. He says,— "There is a book extant, which, like a venial prostitute, appears openly before the public here at Paris, and is now for sale, as , it has long been, entitled 'Taxa Cameras sen Cancel- larios Apostolicje."' From this publication he maintains " that more crimes can be learned than from all the writings concerning the vices, .and in which license is promised to very many, and absolution offered to all purchasers." It clearly shows that. the foulest- sins may be com mitted under the proteotion and with the con nivance of the Romish Church, and jet be for given, if the statutory fee be paid. The mind of man is amazed -at the manifest indignity which is shown towards the civil < power. / Law, human and divine, is entirely suspended, that the treasury- of the Church, or 'rather the pockets of its administrators, may be re plenished. . , D. G. 