MRS. BROWN AUSTRALIA. IN THE ADELAIDE SHOW. BT Arthur skhtchley. I'm sure the way as I've been a goin about in Addlehead is enuf to turn any one's brain, for tho' it aint large its one of them places as is like the Towaer of London, that interestin as a day don't seem nothink to spend there, As to Brown he's gone off his ead over this ere Sorater as took and run aground of its own accord, as shows as arter all a capting, nor yet oesifer, can't doing nothink with a wessel agin er will, as Brown says is like all other field mates. Bat as to this Sorater things looks fishy. So Brown he's been down aseein arter the injins and all manner, not as ther 'ill be much more on er saved, leastways from wot I ears I dout think so tho Brown that's close and says never a word, but only shakes is ead as shows he's got something in it more than meets the heye. Its lucky as I'm a livin along with Mrs. Luggins as is a cheerful party tho' give to sheddin tears in er tea over Luggins, as she sayB as she's missed every air of his dear ead, though a judgin foam .his fotty grafh he must ave been as bald as a billiard ball, [and she aint missed much, but as a feeling art for all that poor thing. We was 'avin of our tea one Sunday when Sirs. Luggins, as is a serous widder as 'ave kep a boardin'ouse in Addlead over a quarter of a sentry thro 'er 'usbin bein' a Life Guard as took and emmygrated when there was troops a goin' to Orimeer, as asked me if I were a goin' to their reglar Show. I says if its anytMnk reglar I should like to. Not as I 'olds with all Shows, tho' I well remembers a goin' with my grandmother to see quite a gal to Richardson's Show as was Eartlemy Fair always 'eld in Smithfield, as did used to be monks, as was where cattle did used to be told, and is naw the meat market, where parties was brort to the stake in old times, as was bnrttoa cinder for their conshences' sakes, as 'ave all been put down by the axe of Parlymints, and 'igh time too. I well remembers that Show, as wasnt all open and above board, as the sayin' is, cos tho' some on 'em stood outside a showin' of themselves all dressed up, you had to pay hextra and go inside for to see all the play, as must 'ave been werry affectin', cos I see my grandmother a sheddin' tears, tho' she pretended to larf, as try in' to 'ide 'em in *her redicnle over a dog as went into the water from the winder of a 'ouse on a bridge and brought a infant cut In bis mouth. As in course upset 'er thro' maim' 'er recolleat 'er son as was my godfather, and come to a watery end off Bombay thro' Is'wessel a flounderin' at sea. I can't say as I reoollccts much about that play as we see, thro' bein' obliged to look out thro' my screams, as I've 'eard say was crfal, thro'me bein' terrified With one man akillin of another behind 'is back, and then there was a glare of red fire, and the ghost ail in white come np thro' a 'ole, as was the murdered man reduced to a skillinton, and other devils a comin' up, as took and collared the murderer into the flames. When I got out they give me gingei bread as was all gilt and lots bathings for to comfort me, tho' I can't remember arf on 'em sow. Them fairs was werry genral thrc'jLondoc, or will all put down thro' Parlymint—a interferin as can cat everyfchink down from a king to a tn-npibe 'gate, as can't neither on em be removed without one. So I says to Mrs. Luggins as I'd think over the Show, as I did next mornin, thro' bein duberons about dressin myself as is a climate as its hard for to suit yourself with clothes, as is only to be ejected thro' it not bein ever inm a w n t l t o m f w r v m t tended for them black parties as was born in the place to wear no clothes at all, so the weather didn't matter to them as wasn't nothing better than denaded savidges, poor things, as didn't make theinelves any more than the beasts of the field as don't wear no clothes. I got myself ready, and went out agreein if I went as Fd meet Mrs. Luggins at the Show. So I started, and I was a standing on the kerbstone a tryin to make out whether it were agoin to rain thro' me havin of all my best things on tho' dressed cool thro' the weather being that sultry, leastways to any one like me as feels the 'eat. Well, I were amaking up my mind as to whether I'd go to this Show, weather or no, as the sayin is, for tho' -not of a waxination disposition I must say Fm given to let thiugs osculate in my -mind for and against, partikler as the clouds were alowerin, and the dust adrivin along the road like wild charots and 'orses. So jest as I were athinking as I'd aye a cab, for fear of the rain, up drives a gentleman, and jumps cut of 'is wehicle like a grey ound, and say to me, Oh! Mrs. Brown, are yon a agoin to see our Show. Well, I says, I certiugly were athink on it. All right, says he, Fll drive you there, and give you a ticket. Jump in. And afore Fd time to draw a breath, he tells the man as was drivin'to lack agin the kerbstone as didn't give me time to think of givin' in a check, he'd took and lifted me into the carridge like a fly, as I pitched ead foremost into down on my knees, and away he drove. I'm dreadful nervous in drivin, so got up off my knees and gets on to the seat, and jest then the carridge gave a jert, and I ketched old o the bar in front, where the gentleman were a settin, to save myself. He say, hallo! old lady, none of that. I says, none of wot ? Why, he say, no pinchen me. I say, me pinchen you; never. Well, he says, you cort me a pretty decent nip under my blade bone, as is a fleshy part with men. Lor, says I, I thought it was the back of the seat as I'd ketched old on, for it felt sorft thro' bein padded. He turns is ead, gives a grin and a wink, and says, won't do, old gal, won't do, and bust out Iarfin. I drored myself up, but jest then the car give a lurch in stoppin as pitched me backards, and afore I could say Jack Robison, that purty ad got me out like a bird that sudden as took my breath away. I were quite a graspin for breath, and reglar staggered, a wonderin at that man's strength. He says, here's your ticket. I .can't stop; good-bye, and urries away afore I'd time to thank im for is perliteness, tho' I must say as I were werry much urtat is a thinkin as I'd made that free as to pinch im, and tlie way as he'd pulled me about in gettin me out of the cab was that rough as one of my shoes come off on the step. When I got inside that Show and tied my shoe, I must say I were took back at seein sich crowds as was lookin at parties on orseback as was ridin round a field, and jumpin over five-bar gates, and some come croppers in firm jest, just for aU the world like a circus broke loose. There was lovely animals showed, and sich sheeps, as gentlemen was a goin round for to judge, as all seemed wool gatherin by their looks. But in course they looked solim, thro' bein judges, as was a decidin which of them sheep should be killed first, lest ways I suppose so. Cos there was the Guv'nor, and the Lord Chief Justiss, and a many more as was all judges, as shows it were a matter of life and death. There was some other werry fine hannimals specially bulls, and other beasts of pray as I aint no judge on myself, tho' Fm sure I pray as I may'nt never ave no bull- arter me agin, as chivied me all across two fields as ard as I could pelt, when a stayin with my married dorter down in the country. I went over the ground like lightnin, the bull a thunderin arter me. As my bonnet bein blowed off saved my life, thro' the bull a takin it for me, and stoppin short to gore it, as proves as he must ave been mad, for he tore it to bits as he'd ave done me no deubt but for my bonnet as cort is eye. While I got over the stile, leastways just over, when I stuck, and there I were a balancin on the top rail, with my ead down one side and my eels np on the other fer the bull to toss, if a man ad'nt come along gest in time to turn the scale; for in a minnit arter my ead was over up come the bull, a roarin like a lion, as changed is tune when he got a tap with the flail as that man were a carry in, and give it imot over is shins, as is a tender pint with bulls the same as with us alL I see some werry nioe dogs, and lovely ponies, as parties was a lookin' at, and all as tame as donkeys. I were pleased with the dogs thro' bein' that partial to animals, leastways as long as they're kep' in their place. Wot pleased me most was the flowers, as was a sight along with the fruit, likewise as was lemons as big as 'arf-quartern loaves and sich oranges, the size of cannonballs as would carry off your 'ead in a jiffy, as the sayin' is, if sent with force; 'cos Fve 'eard as oats if fired out of a blunderbuss stings frightful, partikler with boys up a tree when robbin' a orchard, as always comes to a bad end and leads to poachers, as is as bad a smugglers thro' being' always the CUSB of a country. I don't altogether 'old with Shows, leastways not in Ingland,asis sometimes barmaids' shows, as they 'ad at Woolwich, which I considers brazenface ways. As to Baby Shows, no baby as I cared for should ever be showed like that, a bein' esposed to the weather bless their 'arts, as might settle on its dear little lungs, besides a risk of ketchin' any thing from others. (To be continued.) s t t k T b d m k 