I > AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST 8TOEY. (From thc Landon Athenäum.) I LITTLE more than two marital liars ?aiiid since my own personal exportants of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the occurrence with which tb« following narra tive dtiilf. Y»t already 1 find thst round th« original story there has gituerod s snrprisin( uouumulstion of the mythical element, and that I myself am in dauger of beosming a hero of romanos in more senses than ons. As I object to be locked npon asa kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations are vonchsafed, and, on tho other hand, do not WÍBÍI to he set down aa a crazy dreamer, whose disorganised nervous sy«iein rendtrs bim abnormally liable to fanlastio delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of soma who have begged ms to make pnblio the fol lowing paper. I sm told that there ai;« I hos« who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it bo so, it is better they »boult hear the facts from rn« than after they have passed through o her ohauuela. The narra tive was written, at the request of a friend, not many days after the event, when all the cironmstanoes were fresh in mv ri oolleotion : On tho 10th of Octobor, 1679, I drove over from Norwich to Munnington Hall, tn ¡ spend tho night at Lord Orford's. Though 1 wjs in perfect health and high spirits it .is fair to state that for soino weeks previ- ? ously I had had a groat deal to think a'.iout, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of ono kind or another. I was not, however, conscious of anything approaching weariness, irritability, or " fag." I arrived at 4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conver sation till it was time to. dross for dinner. Wo dined at seven ; our party numbered six persons. Of those, four at least bad boen ureat travellers. I mvself was rather a listener ; the talk wai general and dis cursivo, and amused and interested mo greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon tho supo i natural ; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art, and tho experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe in telligently what they had seen, and coni mont upon ib suggestively. I have very rarely been at a moro pleasant party. After dinner, wo played a rubber. Wo "left off ss wo began," and aa two of the guests-had somo distunco to drive, we broke up at half-past ten. ' . Tno main object ot my going over to Monnington was to examine and take notes, upon som* very rare book J ia Lord Orford s library/which X bad heeu anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some rears, but had never been'fortunate chough to meet with . up to thia timo. I asked leave to sit up for some hours and rauko transcripts. Hi" lordship at first, wished me to let his valet remain in atrendance to see all the lights put out, but as this wnuld have embarrassed me, und compelled Tue to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely thit I should be occupied till two ur three in tho morning, it was agreed that f should ba left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By eleven o'olook I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon buciiy at work, and absorbed in my occupation. . The room iu which I was writing is a larjje one, with a huge fire-plane and a grand old cbi-unuy ; and it is n olleta to eny that it is furnished with evoiy com fort .and luxury. . The library opens into this rcoui, nnd I had to pass out from where I was sitting into tliia library and get upon a chair to reaoh the volumes I wanted to extiaine. There were six small volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand ina little pile, and set to work -sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book, I placed it in front , of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burniog, and, as I am a chilly person, I ant myself at one corner cf the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished wi'h a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up t i warm my feet. I continued in thia way at my.tisk till nearly one o'clock. I had got ou better than I expected, and t had only one more book to ocoupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of - Seltzer water, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by two after all, I set to work at tho last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and waa ju;t beginning to think that my work was diawing to a close, when, at I was actually writing, I 6aw a large white I hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning I my head, there sst a figure of a somewhat 1 ugo mau, with his hack to thc fire, leaning lightly over tho table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been engaged upon. The man s face was turned a >vay from mc, butleaw Lisclosely out, reddish-brown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the oyebrow, the corner of tho right eye, tho side of tho forehead, and tho large, high cheek-bone. He waa drt saed in what I can only des Hribo as a kind of coclisias tical habit of thick corded silk, or some such material, closeup to tho throat, and a narrow rim or edging, about an inoh broad, of satin or velvet, serving aa a, stand-up collar, and fitting dose to the chin. Tho right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, with out nny great pressure the loft band; both banda were m perfect repose, and the large blue veins of tho right hand were con spicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like tb« hand of Velasquez's magnificent "Dead Knight" .in the National Gallery. I looked nt my viiitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that 'Ire waa not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not tbo least feeling of alarm, ot even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest wero uppermost. Tor an instant I felt cager to make a sketch of toy friend, and 1 looked at a tray on my right for a pencil-, thoa I thought, "Up stairs I havo a sketch-book-sball Í fotcb it?" Thcro ho sat, and I was fascinated afraid, not of his staying, but lest h* should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted m¡ left banu irotn the paper, streiohed it ont ti tbo pile ol books, and moved the top one. osnuot explain why I did this. My ari passed in front of the figure, and it vanlshsrl t I was simply disappointed, and nothing mon : I went on with my writing a« if nothing hp happened lox paths ps another ilia Bain Bi« and I had actually got. to the ? lut fsw wer ls . of wbst I bsd daUrminsi to ex/raa',, w:\en -V ' (hs Agars appeared »glin, enocly.iri lbj*'- ^ ? am« pla«« sud attica le ss bsfoí.4." I Btw tti^L^^^^" I,»ods eloiv to mr mb:; I tamed ni.>§";á^^É|^Ba «gain, to .xs.misj* him inoie ,ol. » >;yj I w*t {ranting a .lent-net, to »'Ureis t j .'sira; * fW^ wbsn 1 «i*oo.Ttred ttj*t I (tit mil1 dar«*' "'tó . p*»k. I wat afraid.of thr loiliid of mi/'u i u voice. Tuere be «as, . aäd.'.t!ivi.« .X. i 'Uro«« my bead »"raia, to ru » wok, , and fi'il.bed writing tho twa or tb-ua'VirJi'-L ftiii bad to write, 'file pip«r ond rnv "n Tites aro at this moraaat before me, »nd exhibit n it tn« slightest tremour or nervousness, .leonid point out the words I was writing when tho phantom oana* and whin bo disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the hojk'ahd threw it on th« t^ble ; it ra«de"a slight noise ' ? % ?. as it hil; th« fignr« veniBÜed. Throwing .myself back N in.my. ¡.ciair, !. sat for some seconds looking/at. tho fire with a.«nrious mixture of feeling, and..; J. .... remember wondering whether . my.- fii'ejrjril'' * ... would oorae agsiii, and, if ir«* did, .'S>h> ttief he wouM kid« tba fir« iprm.rne. 'Th p. * first there stole upon mo a dread mid '.-a' i-uspioion that I was beginning t r lory, my .. nerve. I remember yawning ; thmlro'e>, lit my bedroom candle, took my bjuk*' m'.o' tho ma«r lifcrary, mounted tho chair, aj 'before, and replaced five of t'uo volumes ; the «iit'a I brought back sn! Uid upon ibo .,* . ? tabla wh«ro I bud boen writing wh-ii the phantom did mo the hocour to appeir to ;.. . mts.-' By this'.time I had lest a 1 seiuo of ' '" uneasiness. I blew out thu four caudles, and marobed off.to bcd, where I slept tho .. sleep of the just or tte guilty-I know nob ' ? wbiuh-but I slept very roundly. .., ', This is a simple nnd.unvam'thad narra tivo of facts. Explanation, vhobiy, or inference I leave to .others. ' AuausTüs JESSOPP, D.D. NBW SAPPHIBE MINES -r-A valuable dieri. . covery of sapphire tuiuoi han been mad.;-in g . . Slain, and tlu>ro ia a "roch" to tb» nan' diggings. ' Many" ct ' tho aubordmaite - government offiiiiala bars rescued their, oosta in ordar to ba early on t .o ' spoty and h is expeo'ed that there will roon bo au¡ influx of South Afriean diamond tumors. Those »apphirus whioh have loicuvi Bangkok aro said to ba large and beam ifni. A Nsw PaoToon.vraic THOCKSS. - Tho Japanese aro now bt'giontug to return in kind soma of the BoienttGo instruction which they bav* so diligently borroso ! from Europe during several ye*r« pact. On1» ot tho first-fruits of their Western oiiUinit is i new «ort of photograph, pomclliit>K H.mi.Br to - th« w.ll-known 13/igli.h tyoe-in-int tug photograph. It had loug been obaerved-hy the wotktne« engaged in m iking J;\p:>u-so lacquer, that one of the eub-tihcm h.iu ifio singular property of'bocoiniug almost au hard as a stone when exposed lo too action of Bunlight j anda Japaneeu inviut-r has conceived, the idea of upp:ym.j it m tito preparation of ,iolW plió)o>¿rjpiiu. A Blab . ? covered with thit material n vxpowd for twelve houra to daylight, wh'.un is allowed , ... to paaa through the "negative" platj . placed in front of it, By thia -tuno tho ?lab haa become hardened to din" rent de- . . ¿rees according to tho iutouBlty of ihn light falling'on it, or, in other woidu, ut-eordiug *.. . -¡ to the light and abado of tho ncgittiro ia. front ; and upon carefully Bor.ipiiig'u voy ..*<. ¡* th« lotter part«, « puili rlal «ur/ict»: ia low . relief ia obtained,, etaaiUr .io-au .ongra vier's:--. . block, and suiub'o'for print mg from. 'A OXOOEAPHICAL GAUE.-Aa amis-ing , . and ina ruaiiv» t¡eogra"p!iical game has j«rO " be»n invented by M. ly-vas »eur, a wtdi-:?. ' known ITrenob gHOgr.ap.itr. lt 1» eyji-ed'. " Tour du Monde." ,aud isp'ayedon if'Ui^î).. .x . terra.trial globe, riohly lylusiUuted, und divided int« 232 spherical rectangl a, each . ( . ". of which is mai ked , ». ita a nu uiiov oocivji-.-" ' " ponding to a number on ii Int which in^ dioatai gains or lo<ec« m tho game. A braas rib or meridian rucaia< fro .n JJ dd .tp .>.-,, - pole of the globe, but raned above tho lutter. i« perforated with a row of eighteen holes; and thora ar» eighteen Muy tings provided for tba pnrposs of hoing pl.m ed ? . f in, tho hole«. Jüiuh HAI; ooii-spoudg . . to ona of thu principal »tates ..of ..>-..? the world, from Ohma tho most . populous, to Holland' tho least populous. Td play 111» game the globe is eel revoiv- ? ' lag, sud a, player, aooitneueiog at the sou'.li phi«, phinla ''a fla's into »»ob hola ont) af er . >?? .mothar, at eaoh revolution of th« glolie, if nd ' udvaueta northwards. Tho icorO of tho player, which may be either a g il ii or u, loss, i> Wetarmmad br tha nalino of tho fuels iudioated on tba' rectangular apaaa abova y* «hloll a flag may stand vrhsn the globa stops .... involving; and thia ip, of conrjo, tue inter "ating and baihoarsna part of tho phlho. Ljudon, far example, aouoln thirty, Pina I iwsuiy, and io nn, aoooiding to popalmioiu A coal mme, a Manchester cotton luoiory, a t< gi-sin mart, all ara reckoned gama ; but un ' " -. euaoantor with a Zulu'or a liou m Aitioi, a "term in th* AUaotio, a polar icnuerg, a .erocodila on the Nile, naturally go for serious ,. '?. losses. OAPTIVE LIOHT.-Wo have had-oooasion to y ' '" '" rsfsr ta various practical appiios'-ions of. , ..,> oertain »hosphore»cent imbalances to illa- ? . mutating pmposei, and csproiallv tootha " luailnoas paint" of Mr. W. fl. Balmain. This material bas of Int» been brought into - ... ^ greater prominence, and has banu put to ' sevsrsl important utos. It will bo reinem be-red that the paint ia made by miuug- a BOlf-lumlnoaa sulphide or other «ult of " Aaloium with the materials of ordinary ; oolourleia , paints. . Wtien exposed -i.ir¿ ,.. some lime to daylight, or to the. powerful rays of the olea rio nra .tx ? ' ,. burning magnesium wire, tho BijnstMve salt in the paint teems to aoquiro a molo cular violation which in durknea.» gii/oj - ?. rile to wave« of light, which uro seen us a ... ? .oft violet phosphorescence growing winter .. as it ia mora intense. A pioco of CiirJ- - .? - board two feet square, if coated with the paint, makes an excellont hand-lamp, and-' ia now, wa believe, being tried for thia pur poae in the dangeroua spirit vaults of tho West India J>oaka, and ia tho i{unpowdcr; magaaiuee of one of her Majesty .a .iron« ciada. Tho Admiralty have made .expert», manta with.the new illuminant m-a tiiit-k- , ened room at Whitehall, with a viuw to tu^b ita capability for usa a» a wall-pumt ' to lighten the d«k compartments ot irouul.ids; and the dial indioaiori for showing;, lha speed of. the engine» on board H.M.d. - ?. . JrWfomjiío» are to te faced with it. BO usto t show th» index by night without the aid of " a limp. An exceedingly interesting parlour * trick can ba played with a p uuo of card board painted with the luminous material. ' > >, in thia way :-Exppeo tho acnsitive eurtuce to daylight with a poriny or other oom lying . . ..? : on it for suoh timo UB will allow tbosuiiuoo to take in a good supply otilight; on io- , . .' - moving th« card then to a dink p.ace, aud abitraoting tho coin unobs'.rved, it» snrtaco will be luminous with the exception of tho . .' round spot whioh hud been cororod by tao Coin. Thia part will, in fact, bo a perau-tjafe shadow of the coin utter the latter has boen , taken away, aud it is ea«y to trick tue.o . not in tho secret into bolioviug thit tue coin ia still lying on tho o ird. , , A PHTBIOIAN seeing Ooolto about to drink a . > glass of brandy, oxcluimed, "Don't dilute ?? , that filthy atuff. Brandy is tho wurst enemy t. ; . . you have." ' " I know th»t," rophud. t/'oolto, . I "but you know tho Scriptum oommanda us '.<??? \ to lava onr aoamiaa-sohera goaa," " 