TALES FROM ' BLACKWOOD.' JOHN RINTOUL ; OR, THE FRAGMENT OF THE WRECK. CHAPTER XIV. Forgetting entirely the exhaustion of her own late agitation ; forgetting the usual extreme decorum and gravity of her demeanour ; forgetting herself altogether, indeed, and even forgetting her own somewhat embarrassing share in the joy which she goes to intimate, Agnes Rae- burn passes, running, along Elie shore. The gossips have almost all withdrawn from the open door to the warm fireside, as more suitable to this chill March evening, but still there are loungers enough to get up a rather lively report of the sudden illness of little Johnnie Rin- toul, confidently vouched for by two or three who have seen Nancy Raeburn fly ing at full speed 'west the toun' to bring the doctor. Nancy Raeburn, quite uncon- scious, careless and unobservant of who sees her, runs without a pause to Kirstin Beatoun's door. It is time for Kirstin Beatoun to go to her early rest : poor heart ! there are no household duties to keep her now from the kind oblivious sleep which helps her for an hour or two to forget her grief. Pausing reverently at the window, Agnes can see dimly through the curtain and the thick panes a solitary figure sitting by the little fire, the faint lamp burning high above her, an open book in her lap, and by her side, upon the little table, a cap of weak, oft-watered tea, Kirstin's sole cordial. In the old times the fire used to be the household light here, casting all official lamps into obscurity ; but now the little red glow of its much- diminished contents adds no cheerfulness to the melancholy dim apartment, while the projecting edge of the mantelpiece, by which the lamp hangs, throws a deep shadow upon the hearth. The door is shut, but Agues, breathless and excited in spite of her momentary pause, forgets the usual warning of her coming, and, burst- ing in suddenly to the quiet room, rouses Kirstin from her reading with a violent start. When she is within it, the hopeless for lorn solitude of the once cheerful kitchen strikes Agues as it never struck her before ; and, without saying a word to Kirstin, she suddenly burst into an un- controllable fit of tears. ' Somebody's vexed ye, my lamb,' said Kirstin, tenderly. Agnes Raeburn had insensibly won her way into the widow's forlorn heart. ' Naebody's vexed me ; it's just to see you here your lane,' said Agnes, through her tears. ' Is't very desolate to look at !' said Kirstin, glancing round with a faint grieved curiosity. ' I could put up the shutter, but I think naebody cares to look in and spy upon a puir lone woman now." ' It's no for that ; and I'm no vexed,' said Agnes, breathlessly, for a familiar footstep seemed to her excited fancy to be drawing near steadily, and with a purpose, to the widow's door. ' I'm no vexed ; I'm just as thankful and glad as anybody could be : there's ane come to the town this night with news to make us a' out of our wits, with joy.' ' Poor bairn !' said Kirstin. ' But I mind when I was as glad mysel at any great news from the wars— that was for the men pressed out of the Elie, to think there might be a chance of peace, and of them coming name ; but I've turned awfu' cauld-hearted this year past, Nancy. I think I canna be glad of anything now.' 'But yell be glad of this,' said Agnes. ' Oh, if I durst tell without ony mair words ! — but I'm feared for the joy.' Kirstin grasped the slender wrist of her visitor, and drew her to the centre of the room, into the full lamp-light. Agnes Raeburn's eyes looking out of tears, her face covered with wavering rosy flushes, her mouth all full of smiles, yet ready to melt into the lines of weeping, brought a strange disturbance to the dead calm of Kirstin's face. 'I can be glad of naething but the dead coming back out of their graves — out of the sea. — or of my ain call to depart,'' «he said, in » hurried tone of excitement. 'Wha'« that on my door-stane? Wha's that hovering about my house at this hour of the night I Pity me, pity me, my judgment's g≠ at the last ! Fm no asking if it's a men or a spirit — it's my eon's fit, and my son's e'en. I've had my wits lang enough, and my heart's broken. Let me gMij, It ay — for his face is out there some place — out there in the dark — and wha'a living to heed me if I Air mad the morn's moral' And, banting from Agaes's ternfiep hold, the mother flew out into the open street, where she had caught, with her roused attention, a glimpse of a passing face which m like Patie'»— wb^ch was FMae's ; neither aghcet nor a. delusion, bat a living man. Agnea, left alone thus, and very well content to have discharged her errand bo tar, sat down on the wooden stool by the empty arm-chair, and relieved herself by concluding her iuteiTupti-d fit of crying. A considerable time elapsed before she again heard these Btepe approaching, and now they were not alone. 'Gang in, my man, yell be wearied after your travel,' said Kirstin Beatoun, thrusting her son hi before her through the open door. ' Yie've been a lang time gane, Patia, and nae doubt yerts sair voen-oot, and glad to come ashore ; and I wouldna say but ye thought whiles, like me, that ye were never to see your auld mother again : but well say naeUiing about the paet ; it's an awfu' time. You're hame first, Patie : and when did he say he was to come himsel I Bairns, I dinna want io make ye proud, but well bae the haill toun out the morn, to seethe sloop come up to Elie harbour, and him come hame.** Poor desolate heart ! Joy had done what grief could not do ; and for the moment, with these wild smiles quivering on her face, and her restless hands wandering about her Bon as she seated him in a chair, Kirstin Beatoun was crazed. ' Mother, mother,' said Patie, sadly, ' he's hame in anither place ; hell never plant a foot on Elie shore again. Mother, I'm my lane ; ye'll have to be .content with me.' ' Content ?' repeated Kirstin, with a low laugh — 'content! — ay, my bonnie man, far mair than content. But I wouldna eay but Nancy Raehurn would be wanting a share of ye for a handsel ; and I'll no deny her so far as I have ony eay, for she's a fine lassie ; but you've never tellt me yet when he's coming hame himeeL' Agnes and Patie exchanged sorrowful bewildered glances ; they did not know how to deal with this. ' Mother, ilierc were nane saved but me,' said P&tie;, hurriedly. ' My farther gaed down in the sloop, yesterday was a year. It's best for ye to ken ; he never can come hame, for he's been dead and gane this twelvemonth. Do ye under stand me, mothef ? There's little to be joyful for, after a' : them that were best worth perished, and there's naebody saved but me.' Patie's eyes filled, for he too had felt very deeply his father's death. Kirstin stood by him a moment in silence ; then she Eat down in her former seat, and, folding her arms upon the table, laid down her head upon them. They could only hear — they could not see — the prolonged and unresisted weeping which came upon her ; but when she rose, her face was calm, full of gravity, yet full of sober light. ' God be thanked that has brought you hame again, Patie, my son, and that has preserved me to see this day,' said Kirstin, solemnly. ' He has sent sorrow, and He has sent joy. He has baith given and taken away ; but them that's gane is safe in His ain kingdom, Patie, and Be has made the heart of the widow this night to sing for joy. ' After this there was room for nothing but rejoicing — the danger was past ' But I've little to set before my stranger,' said Kirstin, looking with a half smile at her neglected cup of tea. ' You'll no be heeding muckle about the like of that, Patie ; and I'm. no that wee) provided for a family again. It's late at night noo *. if you'll rin east to tny guid daughter, Nancy, my woman, she'll bo my merchant for ae night ; and yell has to gang youreel, i'atie, and see John. ' ' I U rin east and see that Euphie puts Iialf-a-dozon baddies to the fire,' said Agnes ; ' and ye'll come yoursel, Patie and you. I ran a' the way from the braes the night to let you ken the guid news, and you're no to contradict me. ' ' No, I mustna do that, at no hand,' said Kirstin, with a smile ; ' but there's your Auntie Ailie has had near as eair a heart as me. We'll have to gang there first, Patie, and then, Nancy my woman, I'll bring my son to Bee Euphie and John.' Agnes had not run so much or so lightly for many a day ; and now she Bet off upon another race, full of the blithest and most unselfish exhilaration ; and it was not until sho had almost reached Eunhie'a door, that a dread remembrance of her grey beaver-hat, with its nodding feather, and the new camel's-hair shawl, and what- her mother would think of her wearing them to-night, came in to disturb her happy mind. Ah, culprit Agnes ! and all the great piece of thinking left uudone, though the decision does seem something more certain than when yon left home so gravely to seek the little cove among the braes ; but in spite of these sobering considerations, Agnes carries such a beaming facn to the fireside of her sister, that the very sight of it is preparation enough to John and Euphie for hearing all manner of joy. CBAPTEBXV. ' Ailie, I've come to tell you F ve gotten a great deliverance,' said Kirstin Beatoun, with solemn composure, as she entered her sister-in- law's little sitting-room, leav ing Patie at the door. Mrs. Plenderleath, too, was preparing for rest, and sat before the fire, the great family Bible still lying open upon the table, herself placed with some state in her arm-chair, her hands crossed in her hip, her foot upon a footstool : solitary, too, as Kirstin Beatoun had been an hour ago ; but with a look of use and wont in her solitude, and many little comforts adapted to it lying about her, which, in some degree, took away its impression of painfnlnefln ' There's word of them ?' said Ailie, rising stiffly from her seat, and glancing round with the unsteady excited eves which had never lost their look of wild eagerness since the day of the wreck. And Ailie grasped tightly with her trembling bands the edge of the table and the edge of the mantel-shelf, unwilling to reveal the strong anxiety and agitation which shook her like a sudden wind. 'There's word of ane of them,' said Kirstin. ' Ailie, I'm a widow woman a' my days, and you. have nae brother ; bat my son — my son — I've gotten back my d&rlin;' laddie — the comfort of his auld age and mine 1' And Ailie Bintoul, catching a glimpse, as Kirstin had done, of the young face looking in at the door, advanced io him with steps of slow deliberate dignity, holding out both her bands. Other signs of emotion, she would ahow none, but Patie never forgot the iron grasp in which, she caught his hands. For Ailie's soul was shaken as by a great tempest ; — bitter disappointment, satisfaction, thankfnlnpwt, joy, she j scarcely could tell which was strongest ; j and her impulse was to lift up her voice and weep, ae she welcomed the dead who wag alive again. Some strange pure of pride, or fear of «vim»»i»ring hertelf oat of her usual gravity before 'the laddie,' prevented this indulgence, and, by a great effort, very stiffly and. slowly Ailie went back to her chair. It was only when she had reached it again, that she_ could command her voice sufficiently to speak. ' It's the Iiord's ain wise way — it's Bis ain righteous pleasure. It's nse news to onybody that your man, Kirstin Beatoun, my brother that's departed, was a man of God for mony a year ; and nae doubt be was ready for his call, and it came just at the best time ; whereas it has aye lain heavy at my heart that the laddie was bat a laddie after a', and heedless, and had thought but little upon his latter end. Patie, the Lord's sent ye hame to gie ye anither season to make ready. See that ye dinna tempt Him, and gang to the sea unregenerate again.' In a very short time after, the mother and Bon left Ailie ; for .not even the ex citement of this great event could make such a break in her habits as to tempt her out with them to the family meeting in her nephew's house. When they left her, Ailie Bintoul sat for a long time silent by tbe fire, bow and then wiping away secret tears. Then, without missing one habitual action, Bhe went quietly to her rest. Heart and mind might be disturbed and shaken to their foundations, but nothing disturbed the strong iron lines of custom and outward habitude — the daily regula tions of her life. ' Ye may think what kind of a time it was to me. said Patie .Bintoul, and every eye around him was wet with tears — ** the sloop drifting away helpless into the block night, and roe clinging with baith my hands to a bit slippery rock, and the water dashing over me every wave. The next gleam of moonlight I saw her again. I saw she was settling down deeper and deeper into the sea, and the auld man at the helm looking out for me. thinking I was gone. I gied a great cry, as loud as I could yell, to let him ken I was living, and just wi' tliat the Bloop gied a prance forwardjike a horse, and theiij wavered « moment, and then gaed down, and I mind another dreadful cry — whether it was my scl that made it, or anither drowning man like me, I canna tell — and then the rock slipped out of my hands, and I kent nae thing mair till I camo to mysel aboard the Dutch brig, where there wasna a man keut mair language than just to sell an anker of brandy or a chest of tea. I caniia tell how lang I had lain there before 1 kent where I was, but when I came to my reason again my head was shaved, and the cut on my brow near healed — ye can scarce see the mark Jo't now, mother — but ano of the men tnat 'bad some skill 'in fevers let me ken after, when I had come to some understanding of their speech, t'lat it was striking against the rock, as I elipped off my grip, tliat touched my brain and gave nits my illness. I've naethiug to say against the Dutchmen. They were very kind to me in their way, ana would aye give me a word in the bygaun, or a juke to keep up my spirit. Nae doubt it was in Dutch, ami I didna ken a syllable, but there was the kindly meaning a the s ime. AVeel, 1 found out by-and-by tliat tiie brig was a smuggler running voyages out of Rotterdam, and thereaway, to mail ports that ane on the east coast. They were short of hands, and feared foi mo forby, thinking I might lay informa tion ; bo whenever we came near a har bour, whether it was Dutch or English, 1 had a man mount guard on me like a sentry, and behoved to be content to bide with them, for a' it wab sair against my wilL We had gane on this way as far ae the month of August, when ae day, down by the mouth of the Channel, a cutter got wit of us, and got up her canvass to chase. It was a brisk wind and a high sea, and our boat was nothing to brag of for a good seagoing boat, though she was clever of her heels, like most ill-doers ; but the skipper took a. panic, put on every Btitch on her that she could stand, and run right out to sea. The man had an. ill con science, and saw cutters chasing in the clouds, I think ; for he wouldna bo per suaded to hover a wee and turn again, but maintained he had a right to change the port and gang where he . likit, being part owner as well. So we scarce evei slackened sail till we came into Kingston harbour in Jamaica^ where the firm that owned the brig had an office. I took heart of grace, having learnt mair of the tongue, and took upon me to speak to baith skipper and agent to crave my discharga. I wasna asking wages nor onything, but just mony thanks to them and a passage home. The skipper was fey, poor body. It was his sin wUfu' will brought him out to Kingston, where he met with the yellow fever, and got his death in three or four days ; but it was just before be took it, and he was awfu' kind to me. I got my leave, and got a posie of silver dollars besides, not to be lookit down on, mother ; and a week after that there was a schooner (the ' Justitia' of Dundee) to sail out of Kingston hame. We came in hist night, and I came through to St. Andrews as soon as I could get cleared out of my berth this morning, and, walk ing hame from St. Andrews, I came down off the braes, to the very^shore, no want lag to see onybody till I saw my mother ; when lo ! I came upon Nancy sitting by the little cove, and then we twa came hame.' We twa ! Agnes is in her corner again, deep in the shadow of the mantel-shelf, and no one sees the blush which comes up warmly on her half-hidden cheek. No one observes her at aU, fortunately — for Euphie has been sitting with the breath half suspended on her red lip, and the tear glistening on her eyelash— John covers his face and leans upon the table — Kirstin Beatoun, with her hand perpetu ally lifted to wipe away the quiet tears from her cheek, Bees nothing but the face of her son — and even Mrs. B&ebum;, for getful of her offence at Patie for the loss of the sloop, gives him her full undivided attention, and enters with all her heart into his mother's thanksgiving. So Agnes in her corner has time to soothe the fluttering heart which will not be still and sober, and, in the pauses of her breathless listening, chides it like an unruly child. Here is but a scene of home-like joy, of tearful thanksgiving — the danger and toil and pain and separa tion lie all in the past Ghosts and spectres are dead and gone ; life, young and warm aud sweet, is in the very air : heart, that would do naught but dream to-day, when there was serious work in hand, now, content with all this unex pected gladness, learn to be sober — for one little hour ; bat Agnes only hears a mutter of defiance as she repeats again and again the unheeded command. Secretly, byEuphie's connivance, the Sabbath shawl and Sabbath bat have been conveyed home, while the house- mother was not there to see ; but they lie heavy still on the conscience of Agnes ; and heavy too lies poor Colin Hunter, whom now no elaborate piece of thought w£D avail, for, looking up, she finds Patie BintouTseve dwelling on her — dwelling on her with, a smile; sod the blush deepens into burning crimson as Agnes remembers the secret she told to Patie, and to the grave rocks and curious brambles, by the little fairy cove among the Elie braesv CBAPKEBXn. « And this is to lie the end o't a*— a' die pains I've taen wi' ye, and a' tbe caret Eh, Kancy Baeburn! weel may your faither say IVe spoilt ye baitb wi owre muckle concern for ye. To think tot; should set your face to this, and Euphie there, that might ken better, up hauding ye in a* your felly ! Wba's the Rintouls, I would like to ken, that I should ware a.' my bairns upon them !— A fisher's sons, bred up to the sea, with neither siller nor guid connections. I'm sick of hearing die very name I' ' I think ye might have keeped that till I wasna here, mother,' said Euphie, indignantly. *' I'm no denying the Bin touls were fishers, but I would like to ken wha would even a fisher to s tailor, or the like of thae landward trades ; and I ken ane of the name that's as guid a man as yell find in a' Fife ; and Patie's a fine lad, if he's no sae rich as Colin Hunter, and no so discreet as our John. For my part, I wonder ouybody has the heart to discourage the puir laddie, after a' he's come through.' ' He came through naething at our hand,' said Mrs. Kaebum ; ' and weel I wot he has little cause to look for com fort from us, and him airt and pairt in the loss o' the sloop wi' a' our gear. Just you dry your cheeks, and gang back to your wait, Nancy ; and let me see nae mair red een in my houBe ; for if you'll no take Colin Hunter, ye maun just make up your mind to be naething but your faithor's daughter a' your days, for Samuel Rao burn will never give his consent to marry ye to Patie RintouL' ' I'm no asking his consent — I'm no wanting Patie Riutoul,' cried poor Agnes, io a passion of {injured pride and maiden lineas. 'I'm wanting naebody, mother, if folk would only let me alane.' And it turned out, in the most con clusive manner possible, that Agnes cer tainly did not want Colin Hunter ; and Colin Hunter, stung by kindred pride and disappointment, took immediate steps to revenge himself, but happily forgot all evil motives very speedily, in a fortunate transfer of his affections to a wife much more suitable for him than Agnes Bae burn. Meanwhile Pntie Kintoul, a lion and great man in the Elie, came and went thrifty of his silver dollars, and whistled tul the air was weary of hearing it, and every little boy on Elie shore had caught the refrain — a tune which was very sweet music to one heart in Samuel Raebum's bouse — ' I'll tak my plaid and out I'll steal. And owre the hills to Nannie O. They could put up the shutter on the window, and hide from him her very shadow ; but thvsy could not keep his simple serenade from the charmed ear which received it with such shy joy. Patie wont away another voyage in the ' Justitia' of Dundee j Patie came home mate, with a header purse and a face more bronzed than ever ; and Airs. Bae burn had long ago forgotten her little skirmish with llupliie, and her angry in junction to Agnes, 'never to cross Euphio's door when ane of the Bintouls was there.' It was a very useless caution this, so long as the Elie itself remained so little and so quiet, and the braes was so pleasant for the summer walks from which Agnes could not be quite debarred. By-and-by, too, father and mother began to be a little piqued that no one else did honour to the good looks of Agnes ; and so, gradually, bit by bit, there came about a change. When another year was out, Samuel Baeburn solemnly assisted at the induc tion of Captain Plenderleath — now re turned a competent and comfortable man, to spend his evening time at home, a magnate in bis native town — as one of tbe redoubtable manicipality of the Elie ; and as the new Bailie's nephew disinterestedly offered to the old bailie bis escort home, Samuel Baeburn aaith with much solemn ity— ' Patie Bintoul ! I hae twa daughters, as ye ken, and a matter of eight hundred pounds to divide between them when I dee— onyway, I RU- that muckle afore your faither and you lost the sloop. Now the wife tells me— and I have an ee in my ain head worth twa of the wife's, that you're looking after our Nannie. Be it sae. I conclude that's settled, and that's the premises. Kow I maun say it was real unhandsome usage on your pairt and your faither'a to encourage John Bintoul, Euphie 's man, to stay at hame for the sake of her havers, and then to let the sloop gang down that hadna had time in our aught to do nudr than half pay her ain price ; — sae I consider — caniia ye gang straight, man ! — that I've paid ye down every penny of Nannie's tocher, and tliat ye're to look for naething mair frae me ; and that being allowed and concluded on, ye can settle a* the rest with the wife, and let the haill affair be nae mair bother to me.' Having said this loftily, Samuel Bae burn went home with placid dignity, and left his house-door open behind him for the unhesitating entrance of Patie Bin touL Euphie was angry ; Captain Plender leath indignant ; Ailie Bintoul l»fty and proud ; but the others, most deeply con cerned, received very gladly the tocherless bride, to whom her mother did not refuse a. magnificent ' providing,' richer in its enowy glistening stores, its damask table cloths and mighty sheets, than ever Euphie's had been ; for by this time Mrs. Raebura had. remembered her old friendship for Kirstin Beatoun, and for gotten that she was sick of the very name of Bintoul And s- humble monumental stone, marking a memory, but no grave, was seen soon. Einong the otter grave-stones by the eyes which, once looked Up reverently to the stately patriarch fisher, the first John BintouL Within sight of the place where he used to stand in his antique blue coat ana thick white muslin cravat, lifting his lofty head, grizzled with late snows, over the plate where the entering people laid their offerings, stands now a framework of stone, somewhat rudely cut, enclosing a bit of dark sea worn wood, carved with the name of Elder John : the sun shines on it, brightly tiac ing out the unconth characters, with a tender renovating hand; and you heart blesses the gracious sunshine as it takes this gentle office, cherishing the name of God's undistinguished servant as tenderly as if it were inscribed upon a martyr's grave. No martyr, though his Master chose for him another than tine peaceful way of going home which an aged man himself might choose. In the deep heart of his widow's unspoken love, a canonised saint — to the profound regard of his only sister, a prophet high and honoured — to the universal knowledge, a godly man ; and the earth, which has no grave for him. and the sunshine which play* upon tbe great pnm«M with which the sea encloses his remains, are tender of his name— all that is kft of him on the kindly «ou of bis own land. ? Cowans and tender grass slowly en croaching on its base, vewlant mosses sofdy stealing along its thick stone edge — Hie sea within sight, whereon he lived and died, and the humble roof where he had his home : and many a kindly and friendly eye pauses, with reverent com ment, to read the ' lost at Sea' which puts its solemn conclusion to the life of John RintouL TUB END. Iif the Circuit Court civil sittings, at Wagga, on Wednesday, before Mr. Justice Hargrave and a jury of four, a peculiar case was heard, in which Green, a publican, sued four respectable residents of Wagga Wagga for £2000 damages for assault and false imprisonment. The plaintiff, who is a publican at Hanging Rock, drew £792 from the bank, and it was alledged was going to bolt to Victoria. Defendants, who were creditors, followed, and next morning before daylight planted them selves behind trees. Green came out of bis house and was arrested by two of tbe defendants, who escorted Green as prisoner to the other defendants, some distance, one of whom (Moran) pointed a pistol, and said ' Pay what thou owest.' Green became alarmed, and paid the creditors in fulL He was then released, and then brought an action. There was hard swearing on both sides. The _ jury, however, seemed to justify the action of defendants, in belie veing that Green wanted to cross the border to avoid pay ment, as cash to the amount of £700 was found on him, and they gave a verdict for defendants. The verdict was received with satisfaction by the general public Mukdeb is Tasmania. — A murder of a Chinese hawker named Ah Hong is re corded by the Launceston Examiner : — 'Ah Hong was known to have a sum of money in his possession when be left Moorina, in the forenoon, on Saturday, 25th September, to go towards the Blue Tier, by the old road to the port. He was carrying two baskets on a pole, but the goods were not very valuable, and it is supposed that when he had got about two miles and a-lu*lf from Moorina Uie murderer sprang out of a tea-tree scrub by the roadside, and fired the fatal shot from a fowling-piece loaded with No. 2 shot. The murderer must have been very close to liis victim, as the charge, which entered at the neck and penetrated through the flesh to the face, is not scattered much, but there arc some shot in the dead man's right hand, as if lie had put it up to shield himself when the gun was fired. It is supposed the murder took place about noon, aud when shut Ah Hong fell forward over one of his baskets, and died with scarcely a struggle. The body was found about 3 p.m., by a miner named William Hooker, who was coming from Bradsluiw's claim to Moorina, and he reported the matter at the latter place about 4 p.m. , when the police went out and took cliarge of the body._ The pockets of the deceased had been rifled, but his baskets appeared to be untouched.' A Terrible CaUlMtty. — A terrible calamity, which has resulted in the loss of a number of lives, has occurred at Gweed ore, a remote mountainous district in county Donegal The village stands at the mouth of a glen. Just inside the glen is a parish chapel, a plain but substantial structure, capable of accommodating three or four hundred people. During the celebration of the communion on August 15 a flood burst down the glen, and in a few minutes flooded the chapel to the depth of about ten feet. A bridge close to the chapel was swept away and the wall surrounding the graveyard was tlirown down. The scone which ensued was of the most heartrending description. Some of those present in the chapel escaped, but it is believed the majority were drowned. The priest escaped by getting up to the sill of a window 14 feet high, by meaius of a kneeling board placed on the reredos of the altar. The flood was un abated for fully an hour. The damage to the chapel and the enclosure cannot be covered by less than £3000. Some gallant rescues were effected while the flood lasted. Further details from Gweedorc state tliat the chapel which was built over a rivulet, in a deep rocky gorge, was swamped by a waterspout which burst over it The catastrophe was heralded by a terrific thunderstorm. Four corpses have been recovered, and eleven bodies are missing. It is feared they have been swept out to sea. Aw EnuiAoBDiNAJiT Outrage. — An audacious attempt at robbery (says the Age) was made on the 9th instant at the house of John Boss,' a farmer, living at Delaney's Road, Bingwood. During the afternoon all the family were absent from the house, with the exception of a boy, about 11 years of age, who was lying ill in a bedroom near the kitchen. About half-past 3 o'clock a man entered the house by the back door. The boy heard some one call to him to get up and show him where Air. Boss kept his money. On looking round he was startled by seeing a man with a black mask over his face standing close to his bedside. The boy refused to comply with the demand, when the ruffian seized him by the wrist and dragged him from the bed to another room, saying as he did bo tliat he hated the boy's father, whose life would not be safe while he iros about. The child still refused to tell where the money was, and began to scream for help, when the man put a gag into the boy's mouth, and taking up a knife from the kitchen table drew it across bis wrist, inflicting a slight wound. A dog belonging to the house hearing the noise came bounding in, and attacked the intruder. In order to defend himself, the man loosed his hold of the boy, who ran to his father who was working about 300 yards from the house. After removing the gsg from his son's mouth, Mr. Boss immediately went to the house, but the offender had made good his escape. 