FICTION. (From English, American and other Periodicals.) THE JEWELS. CHAPTER XXX. ENTRAPPED. " Thief !" hissed the woman, under her breath. " How dare you ? Where did you come from ?" She had not seen Isabel since her encounter with Brownie, therefore did not know until the moment of her proximity. She had come out of her own room just as Miss Douglas entered Isabel's, and seeing the door open, glanced in, as Brownie had done. She recognized Miss Douglas in an instant, and comprehended at once her object there. She glided in noiselessly, hoping to come upon her unawares, and wrest the casket from her without much trouble, but the girl turned just in season to confront her. Brownie herself grew pale at this unexpected en- counter, but clutching her recovered property firmly in her hands, she held herself proudly at bay. " You are the thief, madam -- you and your daughter," she said, haughtily. " Liar ! Put that box down !" " I shall not, madam !" " Then I will ring and have you arrested. I know not how you happen to be here -- I devoutly hoped you would never cross our path again ; but fate seeing to decree that you turn up as a marplot when- ever we go. Will you put that box down, or shall I ring ?" and the angry woman grasped the bell pull vigorously. Brownie never relaxed a muscle, except that the proud lips curled into a scornful smile. "You can ring the bell if you choose, Mrs. Coolidge." " Have you no fear of the consequences ?" her enemy asked, eying her wonderingly, and her lips twitching with wrath. "None!" , " But you will have to face this whole household!" " Gather the whole household here if you will, and have the facts regarding this property brought to light ; also the way in which you became possessed of it. Methinks Sir Charles Randal would be pleased to know that his betrothed wife entered the room of another, made a Paul Pry of herself, and purloined such things as these." Mrs. Coolidge winced at her words, and she could have trampled her under foot tor her scorn and fear- lessness. " You are insolent, Miss Douglas," she breathed it suppressed wrathful tones. "Insolent or not. I only speak plain truth ; and I shall not yield up this casket unless personal violence is used to wrest it from me." Brownie an- swered, with calm dignity. "You are cool truly," sneered the woman, ex- asperated by her manner more than by her words, and as desirous of creating no disturbance as Brownie herself could be. " Yes, I am cool. This box is mine, I tell you, and this much I will say, if you persist in disputing my right to it and its contents, I have only to appeal to a certain nobleman of the realm, to substantiate my claim and protect me from your abuse," Brownie said, suddenly resolving to appeal to Lord Dunforth if Mrs. Coolidge persisted in her abuse. " A nobleman of the realm! You!" Intensest scorn was breathed in these few words. " Yes, madam, I! I have but to tell my story of these jewels to prove thait they belong to me, and reveal your wickedness to those whom you do not care to have know it." " Pray why did you not make this appeal in the first place ?'' queried Mrs. Coolidge, sceptically. " Because I did not know then if he were living. I have since discovered that he is. Now as I have no desire to prolong this interview further, I will wish you good-day." Brownie took a step toward the door, but her enemy, rendered desperate by her undaunted bear- ing, and the fearful consequences which would re- sult, if Isabel should thus suddenly be deprived of wearing the jewels, darted before her, shut the door locking it, and put the key in her pocket. "There! we will see who will win in this little game, Miss Douglas," she said between her set teeth, while there was a dangerous gleam in her eye. " You do not leave this room, she added, " until you give up that casket. How do you suppose Isabel will account for the disappearance of all her elegant jewels, which have been so much admired ?" " Madam, truth is a virtue which it is safe always to cultivate," Brownie answered, with quiet sarcasm. Mrs. Coolidge, sighed in despair. What should she do with this brave, proud girl ? She utterly baffled her ; while she was so cool, so haughty, so beautiful, standing as fearless there, with her jewels closely clasped in her arms, that she be- came enraged beyond endurance. " Will you give me that box once for all, I ask you ?" she whispered, hoarsely, with livid face, and a deadly light in her light blue eyes. " I will not !" and the beautiful brown eyes met hers fearlessly, defiantly. Mrs. Coolidge took a few steps forward as if impelled by some hidden force, hesitated, bent her head a moment in thought, while an evil smile flittered over her hard features. Then assuming a more conciliatory tone, she said : " Really Miss Douglas you are so persistent, and so positive, that you almost persuade me into the belief that the jewels are yours after all." Brownie made no reply to this concession, but stood quietly regarding her enemy. " Come into my room and let us talk the matter over quietly," the wily woman added, flashing a cunning look at the young girl from her half-closed eyes. " I think we can come to a better understand- ing, and I have a proposition to make to you." Brownie felt somewhat suspicious of this smooth talk, and felt that the sudden change in Mrs. Coolidge's manner was only assumed for some hidden purpose; yet she thought it might be better to temporize with her, and it would, perhaps, save publicity. She could not leave the room, as things were without making a disturbance, for the door was locked, the key in the woman's pocket, and she knew of no other means of egress although there were several arches in the spacious apartment, hung with draperies, which she thought must conceal entrances to some other portion of the house. " I do not know what better understanding you may wish for," she replied, coldly. "Your daughter took this box from my room, and I have told you repeatedly that it, and all its contents, belong to me, and you know as well as I, Mrs, Coolidge, that any judge would decide in my favour should the case be brought into court. But we can talk it over here as well as anywhere." " Then why did you come sneaking into this room like a thief to get them ? Why didn't you take the matter into court and let the judge decide in your favour ?" sneered the exasperated woman, almost losing her self control again under Brownie's cool- ness, and her refusal to go with her. " I did not sneak into the room like a thief, madam, I was passing along the corridor, the door was open, and glancing in, I saw my casket upon the table, I entered, and took it, intending to inform Miss Coolidge of the fact, as soon as I had it beyond her reach." " You say you can prove your claim. Who is this nobleman who knows so much about these jewels ?" asked Mrs, Coolidge, with sudden interest. Brownie thought a moment before answering. She disliked to implicate his lordship in the matter if she could possibly help it; but she saw that Mrs. Coolidge was desperate about the jewels, and, perhaps, the power of his name might frighten her into letting them go, and the matter would drop there, so she said : " It is Lord Dunforth I" " Lord Dunforth !" she exclaimed, with a violent start of surprise. Then she suddenly remembered, with a thrill that made her feel faint, Isabel's account of her strange interview with his lordship at Lady Peasewell's and she began to fear she was getting beyond her depth in this matter ; and yet this very revelation made her more determined than ever to keep the jewels, at least until after Isabel's marriage ; for their absence would occasion a great hue and cry. and necessitate such awkward explanations that Sir Charles would mistrust something wrong, and then all their plans would be ruined, for he had only that day named the wedding-day. Yet, if she resorted to force to keep them, Brownie, on the other hand, would instantly take active measures to recover them ; and if she could, as she said, prove through Lord Dunforth that they were hers, they would immediately be brought into open disgrace. Which- ever way she turned, it looked dark. There was only one way of escape from this threatening danger, and that was very hazardous; but she had resolved from the first, if worst came to worst, that she would try it, and that was why she appeared so anxious to get her into her room. She stood measuring her strength against Brownie's while these thoughts passed through her mind, and that same cunning gleam lurked in her eyes as before. " Lord Dunforth I" she repeated, " Do you know him ?" " No, madam ; at least not well enough to claim his acquaintance and protection, except in case of stern necessity ; but he knows all about these jewels, and when I told my story, he would know that I spoke the truth." " How would he know it ? When did he ever see those jewels before he saw Isabel wear them ?" the woman asked, inquisitively, and burning with a desire to know more about them herself. " Madam," Brownie answered, haughtily, " I decline answering any more questions. I insist that you let me go quietly ; you can then make whatever explanation regarding the absence of these gems as you may see fit. But if you persist in giving me further trouble, I shall immediately make the whole matter public, and doubtless you know what the consequences will be." Mrs. Coolidge's eyes flashed, and the young girl, catching their gleam that instant, involuntarily shivered, they looked so evil. " [?] Miss Douglas," she began, politely, after a moment, "can we not temporize in this matter ? You know if Isabel ceases suddenly to wear those jewels, it is going to make matters very awkward for her. Could you not be persuaded, for a hand- some consideration, to loan them to her until after her marriage, which will be in a little more than a month!" Brownie's lip curled with scorn at this proposition. The woman [?who] would make it under the existing circumstances, seemed so little and small of soul to her ! "No, madam; I think I have loaned them long enough already," was her quiet but scathing reply. The angry woman's lips twitched nervously, and her hands were clenched with passion, that this poor, friendless girl would dare to thwart her so -- that she should dare stand so proudly, defiantly before her, and fling [?] so coolly her scathing sarcasms. She grew white as the delicate lace at her throat, and her eyes burned with [? lurid] light, which boded mischief. « Hark !" she said, suddenly. "Somebody is com- ing. It may be Isabel, and she shall have a scene. Come into my room, and I will let you out through there." She walked swiftly across the room, seemingly much disturbed, although Brownie had caught no sounds of any one approaching. She pushed aside some hangings and revealed a narrow door. Brownie wondered that such a narrow, peculiar door should connect two elegant rooms, but she masoned that this must be part of the original castle, and that all these elegant hangings had been put up to conceal the awkward doors. Before opening it, Mrs Coolidge shot a heavy bolt, (another circumstance which struck Brownine as singular,) and opening the door, revealed a small, square room or passage, dimly lighted by a dormer window set high in the stone wall. The place was perfectly bare, and there was a damp, uncanny feeling in the atmosphere, which had not been opened before in a long while. Brownie involuntarily drew back as she reached the door, and again glanced suspiciously at her companion. Mrs. Coolidge, who was watching her prey with the intentness of a cat watching a mouse, noticed her hesitation, and, with a light laugh, said : " It isn't very nice way to take you, Miss Douglas, but it saves going through the corridor, and I would not have Isabel meet you now, with that casket in your hands, for the world. My room is at the end of this passage, and we use it when we want to run back and forth. I do not think it can have been used much of late years, for it is so damp and full of cobwebs; but I discovered it while gratifying my Yankee curiosity to find out what was underneath all these hangings, and we have found it very con- venient, I assure you. Come on ; I'll go forward and open the door at the other end of the passage, and then you will see better." She half crossed the dimly-lighted space, and Brownie followed considerably reassured by her fluent explanation, although even then she thought it strange that the door should have been bolted if the passage was " so convenient." Suddenly Mrs. Coolidge stopped with a startled look. "Did you not hear someone at the door?" she whispered. "No; I heard nothing," Brownie replied, yet bending her bead to listen. " There is surely some one there," persisted Mrs. Coolidge. "I forgot to unlock Isabel's door, and the key is in my pocket. Wait just a moment while I go and unfasten it." She glided swiftly by the young girl, holding her breath and watching her narrowly with her basilisk eyes, passed through the narrow door, drew it hastily after her, and shoved the bolt, leaving the astonished and dismayed girl a close prisoner in that dismal cell. All too late Brownie saw how she had been fooled and entrapped, and berated herself soundly for hav- ing trusted the faithless woman for an instant. After the first surprise was over, she looked about her to measure the dimensions of her prison. It could not have been more than eight feet by six, and was lighted only by that one small window set so high in the wall that it was impossible to look out. There was no sign of any other door or mode of egress that she could discover, only the bare damp walls of solid stone. There was not an article of furniture in the place, and Brownie groped her way to the wall, leaning against it for support, for she was excited and trem- bling at finding herself so cleverly entrapped and shut up from the light of day. " I suppose she thinks to frighten me into sub- mission by shutting me up like a naughty child," she said, with curling lips and flashing eyes. " But she will find she has 'reckoned without her host,' for only a stronger than I shall ever get these precious jewels away from me again. Oh, auntie,'' she added, a moment after, " you little knew what a troublesome legacy you were giving me ; were they not sacred to me on your account they are not worth all this trouble and contention. But they shall not have them now." She walked to the door and rapped upon it. " Mrs. Coolidge," she said in cold, stern tones, " if you think to subdue me thus, and gain your end, you are very much mistaken in my character, and I warn you that you are only heaping up wrath for yourself." There was no answer, and Brownie finally con- cluded that the only thing she could do for the pre- sent was to exercise abundant patience and wait. She had not a thought of fear, however, that the wicked woman would dare keep her there long ; her whole soul -- all the Douglas blood in her veins rose up in rebellion against this arbitrary act, and she re- solved that the future should hold for her jailer a reckoning full of retribution. When Mrs. Coolidge had accomplished her piece of diabolical treachery, and the door was bolted upon her prisoner, she sank down upon a chair nearly fainting. It was a bold thing to do, and fraught with danger, but the deed was done, and nothing remained now but for her to carry out her designs with a high hand. Her plan was to keep Brownie shut up until over- come with fatigue she should fall asleep, when she would enter the cell and steal the jewels from her again. If she could not catch her asleep, she thought that she and Isabel together might be able to accomplish their designs by force ; for have the jewels and keep them until after the wedding they must at all hazards, and if the girl would not promise to keep still about the matter until then, they could keep her shut up until Isabel was Lady Randal, for she did not believe any one would mistrust that she was concealed in that place. However, she had not much doubt but that she would yield to her terms, and she smiled derisively when Brownie came to the door nnd spoke so decidedly. She had lied to her about the passage, for it did not connect with anything that she could discover, and she could not conceive what such a dismal place had ever been built for -- her Yankee curiosity on that score was still quite lively and not likely to be gratified either. She had never thought of putting the place to any such purpose, until suddenly inspired to do so by Brownie's cool defiance, and the thought that only desperate measures would serve to regain the jewels. CHAPTER XXXI. " I WILL DARE ANYTHING." Not long after, Mrs. Coolidge heard Isabel's voice in the hall. Hastily rising, she went to the door, unlocked it, though her bands trembled so that it was with diffi- culty that she inserted the key in the lock. With her fingers upon her lips, she beckoned her daughter to come in. " Good gracious, mamma ! what is the matter ? you are as white as a ghost !" she exclaimed, as she entered. " Hush ! come in quickly, and lock the door again ; then I will tell you." Isabel obeyed, and then Mis. Coolidge related all that had transpired during the last half hour. "Confound the girl! I had a wrangle with her myself just a little while before," Isabel exclaimed, angrily. " Don't, dear, use such language; you will forget yourself to your sorrow, some day. What if Sir Charles or Lady Randal should hear you I" " I can't help it, mamma ; it does try my patience so to have her turn up just now, when everything is going so lovely." "How do you suppose she happened to be here?" asked Mrs. C«olidge, to whom the matter was still a mystery. "Oh, she is that Miss Dundas who is companion to Lady Ruxley. Since I met her, a couple of hours ago, I have been making some judicious inquiries ; and it seems that, instead of going to the Washing- ton Hotel after leaving us, as she told Wilbur she in- tended to do, she got tipped over in front of Lady Randal's town house, broke her arm, and made such an impression upon Lady Ruxley, that she insisted upon taking care of her; and finally, nothing would do but that she must have her for a companion. You know I told you that I saw some one at the villa when we first came here, who looked like Miss Douglas, and I got quite a fright over it, until Lady Randal to!d me her name was Mabel Dundas, and that deceived me." " It is very unfortunate just now, to say the least, when we are so anxious to have everything go smooth," complained her mother, wearily. " That is so," returned Isabel, with scowling brow. " You say she still has the casket in there with her ?'' "Yes." " Why, under the sun, didn't you take it away from her by main force ?" "Because she was so haughty and defiant, I did not dare touch her!" Mrs. Coolidge admitted, with rather a crest-fallen air. " I know she has a terrible high and mighty way with her, if she is little." " Yes, indeed, she has. You'd have thought her a queen, if you could have seen her look at me, and tell me to call the whole house, and make the matter public, if I chose. Besides, she told me she should appeal to Lord Dunforth, if I did not let her go qui- etly ; and I knew, after what you had told me, that that would never do." " No, indeed ; it is very evident that he knows too much about the jewels, while we know too little. But how are we going to get out of this abominable mess, anyhow?" and Isabel looked miserably anxious, " Keep her in there until she gives up the box and promises secrecy," returned he mother, with a sig- nificant nod at the veiled door. " Well, supposing she will not yield at all ?" " She must sleep at all events ; and if we cannot catch her in a natural sleep, there are things that will make her unconscious, and then we can take the jewels away from her," was the whispered reply. " But she will be missed meanwhile." " Well, we must wonder with the rest what has become her. l am confident no one saw her come in here, and so no one will suspect us in the matter. I tell you, Isabel, we have a desperate game to play now, or you will lose Sir Charles. Those jewels we must have, for their absence will occasion endless inquiry and remark. If she won't yield, we must keep her shut up until after the wedding. When that is over, and you are sure of your position, I do not care what becomes of them or her," the proud woman whispered, in concentrated tones, and with a desperate and reckless air, that almost frightened her daughter. " Mamma, would you dare keep her in there so long ?" " Yes, I will dare anything, rather than that all your bright prospects should sacrificed. Just so sure as we let her out, she will reveal everything, and we shall be ruined." " But you know we are all to go to Paris next week to be gone a fortnight, and attend to my trousseau." " I know it was so arranged, but you and Lady Randal will have to go -- I shall be ill and not able to go ; then I can easily look after our prisoner, and no one will be the wiser for it." " But is there no danger that she will be heard, if she should scream or cry, or make a fuss ?" " Not the least in the world. The place seems to be made of solid masonry ; it has no other door but this, which is very thick, and with those heavy curtains dropped over it, no one could ever hear her. Besides, I have no fear thot she make any distur- bance -- she is too proud " " What if she should die in there, mamma ?" The two plotting women looked at each other with whitening faces for a moment. Mrs. Coolidge was the first to recover herself, how- ever. " Pshaw! what a foolish notion, Isabel. She is strong and well, and there is no danger. I will take her plenty of good food every day, and we can make her up a comfortable bed from our own, and she will do well enough." " But mamma, the bare possibility of the thing gives me a dreadful feeling. I am as weak as if I had just recovered from a swoon," said Isabel, shuddering. " Don't be a fool, child, only let us tide the next four or five weeks over, and we shall be all right. However, if you say so, and are willing to run the risk, we will let her out now," returned Mrs. Cool- idge, impudently. " No, no, there is no other way as I see but to keep her shut up. Sir Charles is so particular and con- scientious, that he would never forgive the wrong we have done her, and, mamma, I am really very fond of him. I believe it would upset me entirely if anything should happen to separate us now, and I mean to try and be a better woman after I am married," Isabel returned, nervously, and with very crimson cheeks, as if ashamed of the confession. " I think you might improve a little myself," was the not very soothing reply, " and I do hope you'll let other folks' trunks and boxes alone in the future.'' " I began to wish I'd never touched those jewels -- they have give me more trouble than pleasure, Isabel said, gloomily. "I told you it would be so in the first place,'' retorted her mother, who was also feeling the stings of conscience pretty sharply, and could not restrain her irritability. " Well, well, it is too late now for recriminations, but I do wish the next six weeks were well over" muttered the girl, uneasily. An hour later Lady Ruxley's bell rang a furious peal. It had been nearly three hours since Brownie left her. Such a thing had never happened before, and she did not know what to make of It. She was getting so attached to her gentle and lovable com- panion that she missed her sadly if she were absent an hour. "Like as not Helen has set her about some task or other, but I'll not have it -- she sha'n't be imposed upon," she muttered to herself, as she clumped about the room with her cane, glancing first from one window and then another, to see if Brownie was coming. Presently Minnett came in. "Minnett, find Miss Dundas, and ask her to please come to me," she said, shortly, Minnett retired, was gone another half hour, while the old lady grew furious at the delay, then returned and said that Miss Dundas could not be found. She was forthwith angrily commanded to go and find Miss Dundas, and not return until she did. Minnett meekly withdraw again, and her ladyship sat another hour fuming and raging, first against her maid, then at Lady Randal, whom she believed to be at the bottom of it all, to serve some purpose of her own, and lostly her ire turned upon Brownie herself, for allowing herself to be detained so long. Finally her patience completely wearied out, she marched down into the drawing-room, ready to berate the first person she met. Here she found everybody in a great state of ex- citement over the non- appearance of Miss Dundas. The servants had all been closely questioned, but no one had seen her go out or come in. They had then been sent forth into different por- tions of the house and grounds to search for her. One, two, three hours more passed, and still no light was thrown upon the mystery. Lady Ruxley became nearly distracted, Lady Randal was very much disturbed, while the guests, who had remarked Brownie's beauty and refinement, began to whisper of an elopement or something equally romantic. In the midst of [?] appeared upon the scene, and [?] Miss Dundas was missing the former [?] sort of a looking person she was. Sir Charles immediately gave a very accurate de- scription of Brownie, whereupon both girls ex- claimed : " Why, that is our Miss Douglas, and we met her just as she was going out." Mrs. Coolidge and Isabel were confounded at this speech. They had not thought of such a thing as the girls meeting her, and had fondly hoped they should not be drawn into the matter any more than to wonder with the other guests, what could have become of her. Now Viola's remark would involve no end of ex- planations, which of all things Mrs. Coolidge was desirous of avoiding. Everybody gathered around the young girls at once, eager to hear more. " She was with us an hour or more," Viola further explained, " then she said she must return to the hall, and the last we saw of her she came this way." " And who is our Miss Douglas, and what connec- tion has she with Lady Ruxley's companion ?" asked Sir Charles, coming forward, and looking very grave. " She was our governess until about two months ago, when -- when --" Viola stammered and got very red in the face. Her heart prompted her to stand up loyally for the teacher whom she so dearly loved, but she stood somewhat in awe of her mother, who was regarding her with sternest displeasure, and whose eye she had just caught. Mrs. Coolidge hastened to the rescue. " What is this you are saying about Miss Douglas, Viola ?" she asked, in well- assumed surprise, at the same time giving her daughter a warning glance. Viola repeated what she had already said, adding some farther account of what had transpired in the park. When she had concluded, her mother turned to Sir Charles with a grave and sorrowful face. " I really fear, Sir Charles, that your aunt has been grossly imposed upon. This Miss Douglas of whom Viola speaks, came over with us from America as governess to the girls. I began to suspect at the very first, that she was not just the person I could desire, but I put up with her until about two months ago, when her very unbecoming conduct made it necessary that I should dismiss her immediately," " What did she do," demanded Lady Ruxley, sharply, " that was so very dreadful ?" " Really, I am very sorry to be drawn into this very disagreeable matter thus. I dislike to say any- thing derogatory to any one, but since you ask I will say that she took things which did not belong to her and made herself offensively free with my son, who is now in Germany," replied Mrs. Coolidge, with every appearance of sorrow that she was obliged to make the confession. " You'll have to be older than you are now to make me believe that," muttered the old lady, in- dignantly, in an undertone, as she eyed Isabel and her mother suspiciously, while Viola and Alma looked the daggers they dare not use to defend their beloved Miss Douglas. Everybody was intensely interested in these new developments, and the matter was talked over until every one was satisfied that the disgraced [?] was none other than Miss Dundas, the companion. The date of her accident and advent into Lady Ran- dal's house was identical with that of her leaving Mrs. Coolidge, their description of her was the same, and Isabel recalled to Sir Charles the evening of their ramble, when they had seen her at the villa, and she had questioned him regarding the companion. Every one was convinced now of Brownie's un- worthiness, and believed that she had taken herself out of the way, because she feared an exposure on the part of Mrs. Coolidge, and dare not meet it, or that she had eloped, but who with was question. All but Lady Ruxley. Her confidence was unshaken yet. " I don't believe a word of it," she said to Lady Randal, as she assisted her to her room. " But aunt, it must be so, Mrs. Coolidge's word is indisputable." " May be you think so," retorted her ladyship, irrit- ably. " The evidence is so clear, too," resumed her niece, unheeding her remark, " I have feared from the first that you were being imposed upon. That's always the way with these girls who have no recommenda- tion ; they are all adventuresses. I only hope you won't find that she has helped herself from your be- longings." " Shut up, Helen ! You are always ready to believe the worst of everybody. I tell you I believe that there has been foul play in this matter, and if the girl has gone away, she has been driven away in some underhanded manner. I can read the signs of the times if I am superannuated ; and I shall not rest until I know more of this matter,"and the crusty old lady actually shed tears over the absence of the patient, gentle girl, to whom she was becom- ing deeply attached. " The very fact of her giving a false name goes against her," persisted Lady Randal. " That was not just the thing, of course," was the rather subdued reply. Then she added, as if a new thought struck her : " I believe that I was to blame for that, after all. I had a bad cold at that time, and was as deaf as a post. I am convinced now that she gave me her name correctly, and I misunderstood her, and she, having had trouble with those folks, let it go so." " She had no business to do that," returned Lady Randall, with an expression of righteous indignation. " If she never does anything worse than give an assumed name, she'll be better than some folks whom I know. I reckon you've some sins on your con- science, Helen, blacker than any that poor girl ever thought of," said Lady Ruxley, spitefully. She felt the woman on whose arm she was leaning start violently, and could she have looked into heir face at that moment she would have been frightened, for it was perfectly livid, while her eyes had a scared, hunted look in them, and her lips twitched fright- fully. But she let the acrimonious old woman alone after that shot. Notwithstanding the general belief that Miss Douglas, as she was now called, had absconded, Sir Charles gave orders that the search should be kept up a while longer. Something might have happened to her, he rea- soned, and he would give her the benefit of the doubt. About eight o'clock Adrian Dredmond was an- nounced. He had been to Lady Ruxley's villa, but upon being told that she and her companion were at the Hall, he drove immediately thither. He was not sorry either to have it so, for he resolved to introduce Brownie at once as his betrothed, and claim Lady Ruxley's protection for her until he could make suitable arrangements for their marriage, which he determined should take place as soon as possible. Lady Randal met him in the hall on her return from Lady Ruxley's apartments. She greeted him cordially, and then taking his arm, led him into the drawing- room, where he was received with loud acclamation, for he was a favorite wherever he went. Conversation ran in a new channel for a few moments after his entrance, but the all-absorbing topic was soon resumed, and Brownie's character was most unmercifully picked to pieces again, while with a terrible sinking at his heart, Adrian soon learned something of what had transpired, and it was with great difficulty that he maintained his composure, hoping to learn more. But he could not bear the aspersions cast upon his betrothed, and after a terribly scathing remark upon Brownie's virtue, from Isabel, followed by a bitter denunciation from Mrs. Coolidge, his indignation burst forth. He arose, and with flushed face and blazing eyes, demanded of the latter : " Of whom do I understand you to be speaking ?'' " Of Miss Douglas, Mr. Dredmond -- the governess who came to England with us, and who has turned, out so sadly," she replied, serenely, and all uncon- scious of the terrible storm hovering over her head " Perhaps you know who is accountable for Miss Douglas' misfortunes since she came abroad?" he returned, meaningly, and with a look that made Isabel's heart quake, for she knew he had seen Brownie, lately, and it was possible he, too, knew all the story of their abuse. But Mrs. Coolidge was, as usual, equal to the oc- casion. " Really no. She told me she knew no one in this country," she returned, with raised eyebrows, and in surprised tones. " I know something of Miss Douglas, and that she is undeserving a word of the censure which you have heaped upon her this evening ; and I demand that you retract every word you have said -- all of you !" he said, in tones which could not be mis- taken. There was a sudden hush among the company, while all eyes were fixed upon the young man towering so proudly in his haughty strength before them. *' Whew !" whistled one or two young men under their breath. "The pretty little governess is mak- ing quite a breeze, and has won one brave champion in her defence at least." Mrs. Coolidge felt by no means as easy as she ap- peared ; but hers was a desperate case, and it would not do to relax in the least her vigilance. So she glowered disapprobation and surprise upon him while Isabel tried to curl her trembling lips in scorn. "Really, Adrian," soothingly said Lady Randal, who began to be afraid of a quarrel, " I am sorry to see you so excited over this unfortunate affair. I know you are very philanthropic, but I am afraid you are allowing yourself to become quixotic re- garding this very singular young person." His fine lips curled, and he turned and bowed slightly, as he replied : " If it is quixotic to defend a pure and lovely girl in her absence from such abuse as you have heaped upon her here to-night, then I plead guilty to the charge. I met Miss Douglas several months ago in the United States. I know that she is as well-born as most of you in this room, and few possess the cul- tivation and accomplishments of which she is mis- tress. At the time of which I speak she was believed to be the heiress of more than a million, and moved in circles equal to our own ; but sudden misfortune reduced her to the necessity of becoming a gover- ness." " Why, Adrian, I am astonished ! I did not sup- that you knew aught concerning Miss Douglas," [?], beginning to regard the com- [?] [?] was so interested in the poor, but [?] girl" added Mrs. Coolidge, with sarcastic [?] [?] [?] had never forgiven Adrian's preference for the [? beautiful] governess that night at the opera, and [?] conceal her spite. He wheeled upon her in an instant. "I am [?] interested in her, Madam, Miss Douglas is my betrothed wife; and I warn you to be very careful how you speak of her in the future. I could say much more, but" -- with a glance from Isabel to Sir Charles -- "existing circumstances com- pel me to be silent." CHAPTER XXXII. BROWNIE'S STRANGE VISITOR. Had an earthquake shaken the house at that mo- ment greater consternation could not have prevailed than at this announcement. Sir Charles regarded his friend in blank astonish- ment, while the company were, most of them, mute from surprise. Mrs. Coolidge cowed instantly beneath the indig- nant young lover's stern gaze, and then exchanged guilty glances of dismay with Isabel, as they won- dered how they would ever answer to him in the future for the doings of that day. " Adrian, surely you are crazy," almost shrieked Lady Randal, at last, " You, make such a mesalli- ance as that !" " Call it whatever you choose, madam, but please remember when you speak of Miss Douglas in the future, that you are speaking of the future Lady Dunforth," he said coldly, but proudly. Surely a nobler specimen of manhood never braved the world's scorn than Adrian Dredmond at that mo- ment; and poor Brownie, although in "durance vile" above them, might well look hopefully into the future, which should be passed by the side of such a noble defender as this. Turning to Sir Charles he made a signal for him to follow him, and then, with a haughty bow to the as- sembled company, he withdrew. " Charles," he exclaimed, seizing his friend's hand, when they were alone in the hall, " will you lend me your aid in this trouble ? Something is wrong," he went on speaking in tones of anxiety ; " she was ex- pecting me to come to her, and I know she would never have gone away of her own accord." " I am constrained to take that view of it now, after what you have told me, although I must con- fess, before you came, I was inclined to believe the very worst of her. I hope," he added with some un- easiness, " that you have not been deceived in Miss Douglas." Adrian's lips curled again. He knew what he had reference to. Sir Charles believed that something must be wrong, or Mrs. Coolidge would not have spoken as she had done. " The future will disclose whether I have or not," he replied, coldly. " You may depend upon me, Adrian, to do all in my power to unravel this mystery. Miss Douglas certainly appeared like a very lovely person, and until to-night I admired her very much, although I have rarely met her. Believe me, you have my sympathy," and he meant it in more senses than one. " Thank you, but I am wild in trying to think what has become of the poor child, I am almost tempted to believe --" He checked himself suddenly. He was upon the point of saying he feared treach- ery on the part of the Coolidges ; but remembering that it would not do to speak of them thus in Sir Charles' presence, he stopped. " What?" Sir Charles demanded, with a curious look. "l do not know what to believe," he then added, suddenly. " You may think what you choose." concerning what I have told you to-night, and the world may say what it will, but Miss Douglas is of unexceptional parentage, and I shall marry her just as soon as I am fortunate enough to find her." After a few more minutes spent in consultation as to the best means of seeking for the lost one, Adrian departed, his heart filled well-nigh to bursting with grief, insulted affection, and anxiety. He had come with a heart beating high with hope and love, with not a thought but that he should clasp his darling in his arms, and with Lady Ruxley's co- operation be able to place her in a position be- fitting her station until he could marry her. He had brought a little ring set with a single glittering stone of purest water, with which he had hoped to seal their vows, and, now, as he carried it away with him, it seemed like a silent mocker of his woe. To have found his darling and won her love, only to lose her so soon again, and under such mysterious circumstances, was a terrible blow to him, while the worst of all was the fact that be did not know which way to turn to seek her. ****** "Mamma, did you overhear any thing like it?' demanded Isabel of her mother, as soon as they could excuse themselves from the drawing-room and retire to their own rooms. "No ; things are getting terribly mixed up, it seems to me. How, when, where did he meet her again, I wonder ?" " I have it," said Isabel, " Lady Ruxley attended the dinner at Dunforth Castle ; of course her com- panion accompanied her, and they met there. It must have been quite recent, I judge." " Well, he won't find her again for one while, that is sure," returned Mrs. Coolidge with a savage glitter in her eyes, " Oh, mamma, you look almost as though you would like to kill her !" Isabel exclaimed in a frightened whisper. " I believe I wish she had died before she ever saw Adrian Dredmond," she answered vindictively. " To think that she should win him, while you will only be a baronet's wife !" Isabel flushed angrily. " That all comes of papa's picking up a nobody with a pretty face and a glib tongue," she said. " Let us go and see how it fares with her now ; me thinks the proud beauty will be somewhat humbled by this time. But humbled or not she will have to stay there until after your marriage, for if Mr. Dred- mond should find her now, there would be an end to all your fine plans," said Mrs. Coolidge, moving to- wards the draped door. She shoved the heavy bolt, and the two women en- tered Brownie's prison. They found her sitting upon the floor near the door looking pale and wan. The light which they bore blinded her eyes at first so that she could scarcely see, but she arose as they entered and stood in haughty silence before them, and holding the precious casket tightly clasped in her hands behind her. " Well, how do you like your place of retirement ? Quiet, isn't it ?" sneered Isabel, while she began to walk about the place as if to examine it. The insulted girl deigned her no reply. " Miss Douglas, I have come to make one more appeal to you. Are you willing to accede to my terms ?" " No, madam! '" " Will nothing move you ? Cannot I persuade you, under any circumstances, to let Isabel retain those jewels awhile longer, and you keep silent about them ?" " You cannot, madam ; there is a limit to human endurance, and I have reached that limit." But scarce were the words spoken when she uttered a cry of pain and dismay. Isabel had gilded stealthily around behind her, and with one powerful blow had dashed the casket from her hands, The next instant, and before Brownie could turn to prevent her, she had captured it, and with a low mocking laugh, glided from the place. She had struck the arm that had been broken, and being weaker than the other the blow had benumbed it, causing her to release her bold upon the casket and to cry out with pain. With all her spirit aroused to battle, Brownie sprang to follow the artful girl, but Mrs. Coolidge barred the way. " No, no, miss, you cannot leave this place to- night ; you are in too dangerous a mood," she said. " What do you mean by detaining me here ?" Brownie demanded, almost passionately. " I mean just what I said, that you are too dangerous to be let loose to- night, unless you will solemnly promise not to make any trouble for us." " You are very much mistaken if you think you can make any such terms with me, Mrs. Coolidge. I do not fear you in the least, and unless you restore my jewels, and let me go at once, I shall make such trouble that you will rue it until your dying day." And Mrs. Coolidge knew she would do it ; she saw that she had aroused a spirit stronger than her own ; she quailed before it, and knew that the victory for her could only be gained in one way -- to keep her under lock and key until after Isabel's marriage. Then she would not care what she did. " You do not fear me, and I have the power to keep you here indefinitely ?" she retorted, flushing angrily. " That may be, but there will come a day of reck- oning sooner or later," Brownie replied, dauntlessly. " You do not suppose," she added, scornfully, " that in this nineteenth century you can keep me concealed for any length of time. I shall be missed if I am not already, and the whole house searched for me," " You have been missed, and the whole house and grounds have been thoroughly searched for you, but no one has thought of looking here for you, Miss Douglas," Mrs. Coolidge replied, with a malicious gleam of her eyes. Brownie's heart sank, and she grew whiter about the mouth at these words, but she would give no outward sign of the growing fear in her heart. " May I ask how long you intend to keep me in solitary confinement ? You are aware, perhaps, that people cannot live very long shut up alone in a dark place like this," she said, thinking to frighten her into letting her go. The woman started. She had not thought of its being solitary confinement before, and it was a good while before the grand wedding would come off. She meditated a moment before replying, then she said: " I will endeavour to see that you do not suffer, Miss Douglas, but I must keep you here for the present, undoubtedly you know that Isabel is to marry Sir Charles Randal very shortly, and I am resolved that nothing shall interfere with that match. If I should let you go now, you would raise such a breeze for us that everything would be upset. There is only one condition upon which I would release you," she concluded, with a searching look into the girl's face, and really feeling anxious to let her go, if she would only keep silence. " What is that ?" demanded Brownie, quickly. " That you would go quietly away from Valling- ham Hall, and conceal yourself from everybody until after the wedding ; then I promise you we will re- turn the jewels to you." The delicate lips curled, and the lovely eyes flashed ominously. " Will you ?" asked her enemy. "No! I will not yield to you in a single point.'" was the haughty reply. "Very well, there is nothing more to be said, then. I will arrange a good bed for you, give you plenty of books and papers to read, and bring you food three times a day. You shall have plenty of candles, too, so that I imagine you will manage to exist quite comfortably for a few weeks," and she left the room as she spoke. A few weeks! Would she dare to keep her there so long? Brownie thought, with a sinking heart. Meanwhile, what would Adrian think -- what would they all think had become of her ? Even her strong, proud spirit trembled before such appalling prospect, yet she never thought of yielding. Mrs. Coolidge soon returned, and Isabel, with her, bringing a mattress, bed clothes, and tray containing a dainty supper, the former having taken care to pro- vide it, knowing that her prisoner had been long without food. They also brought her a chair, and left her a candle, and then retired, leaving her somewhat anxious for the future, but by no means subdued. We'll bring her to terms before many days never fear," Mrs. Coolidge said to Isabel, before going to her own room. " I don't know about it, mamma, she is the spunk- iest thing ever I saw in my life." " Pshaw ! After two or three days of that kind of life she will be glad to go away and hide herself until after the wedding," " But would you trust her now ?" "Yes; she'd never promise unless she meant it, and she'd keep her word," was the tribute which this bitter foe paid to this young girl's strong, true spirit. Left to herself, Brownie's first work was to eat her supper, for she was really very hungry, and the inner man thus strengthened, she felt somewhat more cheerful. She arranged her bed, for she was very weary with sitting for so many hours upon that stone floor, and then retired, feeling rather lonely and sad, but confident that the Lord, her shepherd, would care for her there as tenderly as in her own room ; and ere long she was sleeping soundly. She never knew how long she had been sleeping, for her rest had been unbroken and dreamless, but she was suddenly awakened by a cold clasp upon her hand! In an instant every sense was unlocked, and she was broad awake, with that instinctive consciousness of a horrible presence, which people sometimes have when danger lurks near. The candle still burned, and lighted the place with a reddish glare, for she had not extinguished it, feel- ing that the darkness would have been too horrible, and by its light she could distinguish a strange looking object kneeling by her side. With a cry of terror she started up to find herself face to face with a form so misshapen, so frightful, so weird and uncanny, that the sound suddenly died upon her lips, and left her paralyzed with fear. The creature immediately arose, and moved away from her a pace or two at seeing her so terrified, " Hare I frightened you ? I am so sorry, and yet I might have known. But do not fear, I would be the last person in the world to harm you," were the words which greeted her ears, in tones so soft and gentle, that Brownie involuntarily raised her eyes, and was at once reassured, though still so weak and trembling from her first fright that she could not speak. He -- for he was dressed in man's apparel, though so misshapen as to scarcely resemble a human being \-- had turned, so that the light struck full upon his face, and was looking down upon her with a pair of the saddest gray eyes she ever saw. His face was pale and haggard, and his lips per- fectly colorless, but there was a smile of patient sweetness upon them that went to her heart at once. His forehead was high and broad, and surmounted by hair which was perfectly white, although his gen- eral appearance did not indicate that he could be more than twenty-one or twenty-two years of age. His head was very large for the rest of his body, and rested forward upon his breast ; while his shoul- ders came up so high that he seemed to have no neck at all ; one hand hung limp, withered, and helpless by his side, while one foot and leg were twisted en- tirely out of place, the heel being where the toe should be. Ah ! he was a sad-looking object, but Brownie felt no fear of him now. He had a true, good face, full of intelligence and mental power, and while she looked into it, a great pity came into her eyes, and the tears involuntarily started. He was quick to read her sympathy, for he said, with his sad smile: " Thank you ; I see you do not fear me any longer." " Oh, no," she answered, gently ; but I did not think any one could get in here, and I was startled at first." " I ought to have been more careful, but I did not like to speak loud enough to waken you, lest I should be heard," and he glanced toward the door. Then he added : "Can you trust me sufficiently to let me take you out of this miserable place. I came to release you." "Can you? will you?" she exclaimed eagerly. " Oh, yes, I can trust you fully." He seemed gratified by her confidence, and smiled again, while his eyes rested admiringly upon her now bright face. " But how did you get in here ?" she asked, the next instant. " I have been here many times, and yet I never entered by that door," he answered, pointing to the door by which Brownie had come in, and speaking somewhat bitterly. " But how did you know I was here ?" and she looked perplexed, for she could not detect so much as a rathole anywhere. "I overheard all that passed between you and those women," he answered, with a nod in the direction of Isabel's room. She looked more astonished than ever. " Come this way and I will explain it all to you," he said. He stooped and picked up the candle, and then moved with difficulty to the opposite end of the cell. Holding the light close to the floor, he con- tinued : *' Do you see that semi-circular block of stone about a foot and a half in diameter ?" " Yes." " And what looks like a huge iron bolt set close to that small round shaft of stone which runs clear to the ceiling ?" " Yes." " If you will step upon that block, and press your foot firmly upon that bolt, you will find that this stone pillar will begin to slide slowly down. When you have descended about four feet you will see a short flight of stone steps ; step upon these and this shaft will return to its place. Follow the stone steps and they will lead you to a comfortable room ; I left the door open, and there is a light within, so that you will have no difficulty in finding the way." " But you -- you will have to remain here," Brow- nie said, hesitatingly. It all seemed so wonderful and mysterious to her, that for a moment she could scarcely compre- hend it. " As soon as the shaft returns to its place, I will join you ; only one can go at a time, because the platform is so narrow," he replied. " How strange ! it does not look as if there were any possible way of escape from the place," she said, closely examining that end of the cell. " No, the trap was very cunningly planned, proba- bly when the old castle was first built, and this shaft looks as if it was only a pillar to support the roof. You perceive there is one upon each aide of the cell, but only this one has the bolt at the base." " Why do you suppose it was made so ?" Brownie asked, curiously. " Probably as a place of concealment, or a way of escape, in case of troublous times in the country ; of late years it has been used as -- but never mind that now," he suddenly checked himself, and then added : " Have you courage to step upon that narrow plat- form and go down alone ?" Brownie lifted her clear eyes once more and searched his face before replying. It was a noble countenance, but full of marks of pain and patient suffering, and while she looked it seemed suddenly to grow strangely like some other face which she had seen, but whose she could not at that moment recall. "Yes, I will go," she said, and stepped upon that semicircular block of stone. " You will only be alone for a moment," he said " for I shall follow you immediately ; now lean close against the shaft. There ! now plant your foot upon the bolt -- so. Now you are all right," Brownie obeyed his instructions without a fear, for she saw that he was only intent upon serving her, and she felt herself gliding slowly and smoothly downward. A moment more and she found herself in another dark closet, or passage, from which a short flight of stone steps led up to another open door, through which a light shone, dimly lighting the place. She stepped from the platform upon the stairs, and the shaft instantly began to ascend again, Following the stairs she soon found herself as she had been told, in a large, airy, and comfortable room. The walls were hung with ancient and faded tapestry, but the floor was carpeted with bright warm colors, and the room was quite tastefully furnished. It was lighted by two tall wax candles in silver candlesticks, and a cheerful fire burned in the grate. There were several bookcases well filled with nicely bound volumes, and a few fine engravings with some beautiful drawings hung upon the walls. She had not time for a more minute survey of the apartment, for she was rejoined by her strange companion. He smiled at her look of wonder and curiosity, and after shutting and locking the door, and drop- ping the tapestry over it, said : " Now I will explain how I happened to know that you were in trouble and needed assistance." He moved a few steps further up the room, thrust aside another portion of the hangings, and Brownie saw the same shaft or pillar of stone that she had seen in the cell. At the right of it she also saw that a portion of the stone wall had been hammered or chiseled away, until only a very thin surface divided the two rooms, and this bad been punctured full of tiiy holes, through which could be seen the light of the candle which they had left behind ; and yet from the room they had just left nothing of this could be detected, "Ah ! I see," Brownie said, and then she remem- bered her confidence in the good Shepherd, while she reverently acknowledged His hand in leading her forth from her captivity. " Yes," the young man replied, while a look of in- finite pain swept over his features, " it is always very quiet here, and to-night while reading I was startled by the sound of voices and a low, mocking laugh coming from this direction. Much astonished, for nothing like it has ever happened before, I threw down my book, crept to this spot, and listened. Al- though I could not see very distinctly, I could hear, and soon discovered that some one had been forced into yonder cell to cover up some dark deed or other. I learned that your name is Miss Douglas, and that you possess a very brave spirit, for you re- fused to yield to your tormentors, when most young ladies would have begged and prayed to be let out upon any terms." He concluded with another glance of admiration. Her lips curled in a little mischievous smile, as she wondered how Isabel and her mother would feel the next time they unbolted that door, and found their bird flown ! " " But I don't see how you got the shaft down to those stairs," she said, in perplexity. Her spirits were rising every moment. "It works in the same way from this room that it does from the other ; only when it got down I moved around to the opposite side without stepping off, and then, not pressing upon the bolt, it [?] to its place again. I thought it best for you, however to come up by the stairs, fearing you might [?] from the platform if you moved," the young man ex- plained. " How came these holes punctured here, and this stone cut away so?" she asked, [?] deeply interested in the strange piece of machinery and that riddled wall. "There is a sad story connected to that, Miss Douglas, which I fear it would do no good to relate," was the pained reply, while the white faced flushed a sudden vivid crimson. (To be continued.) 