THE OLD SERMON. THE solemn hu BU pf midnight ie brooding over tbs earth ; . - . Alone in m j state and splendour, I wait for . the new day's birth. No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voioe in the Bilenoo oalle, So heavy the velvot hangings, so thick are' . my study walls. I would sit in tho ducky- silence, and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that doy bri ogs on again ; But a piotnre oomes in the darkness of a plaoe I knew when a boy, -. . And it ohills the heart that is throbbing with the flush of worldly joy. . . 'Tis a simple ohuroh in o. meadow-land, Where I see a white-haired pastor stand, , Who warna his Hook with uplifted band : " Except ye bo like the children, . Ye oaunot enter in." There's a glitter and glory around me that is boru of a guinea's shine ; I measure a thousand acres,-and know that \- their wealth is mine ; I hear in the shout of the gaping crowd the homage they beor my name It il written in radiant letters on tho glitter ing roll of fame; The sound of the words I utter is eohoed from land to land, And tho helm that sways a nation is trusted within my hand ; Bot my heart .grows faint like a woman's .. . . when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread tho solemn midnight when that . white-haired man appears ; For soul and spirit booome perplexed ; I dread tho words that are aoming next, ' . The awful Bound of that Bimple text: " Exoept ya bo like the children, .Ye cannot enter in." Long and fleroe was tho straggle thnt platted me upon the height ; I wrought with a will for the lustre that has made my name so bright ; I won me a crown of laurel, and wreathed it around my brow, And the wounds of tho mighty oonfliotl boar abont me now. And miue is the right of reeting, ol pausing awhile in the strife, For I fongM the fight like a viator, and con queror the tuiug called lifo. ' Bat that piotnre will come in the darkness, and stifle tho fire-lighta gleam, Till I pale and shrink like a culprit who ia " bonnd in a nightmare dream ; r Fori see the old man standing thero, \- The lifted handa and whitened hair, '. And I heat the trembling voice declara : ' " Except je be like the ohildren, " Ye cannot enter in." So I alt alone in the midnight, while the ghosts of tho past flit by, And they warn me with shadowy fingers of the end that is drawing nigh ; I think of the lifo within mo, of the florae and resistless will, And tho frail and helpless body that must lie so cold and still, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear. With dread ol the awful BUmmons that ono day t must hear ; And I turn with a shudder of loathing from tho power I stooped to win, And I long for tho heart ot childhood, un touched, unsullied by sin ; For tho voice of truth falls on my ear, And memory oallelh adowa tho years, While awed and frightened my Bool S till hoare : " Except yo bo like tho chlldron, To cannot enter ia." A YOUNO SonATCHEic.-Meeting a nows boy whoso faco was Beaned with soratchei and looked liko a map of som o great rail road centro, a Begistor reporter a9kcd the youngster what tho mattsr was, "Feller spoko disrespectful of my sister; Bald ho'd bot abo was croBs-oyed, and I sailed in." " ls your Eiater crota-oyodl" ivakod tho re porter. "Haiu't got no sister," was tho reply. "It WOB tho principio of tho thing what I got licked for.-Du ifoiiws RcgUttr. 