THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORN I NO, DEO. SI, 1880. THE minutes of the proceedings of tho Inter- colonial Conference recently held at Melbourne, at which New South Wales, South Australia, and Victoria were represented, have now been a fortnight beforo tho public, and the successful result of the proceedings of tho coining Confer- ence at Sydney, at which the other Australasian Colonies have been asked to attend, seem about as chimerical as when united action was first suggested. Almost devoid of hope as we are, wo aro glad that Tasmania is to be represented, and that two so fitting gentlemen as the PREMIER, Mr. Giblin, and the COLONIAL SECRETAUY, Mr. Mooro, are to be present on the part of Tas- mania. Even though nothing should come of the assemblage of Australasian statesmen, Tas i mania from its very smallness and insignificance I cannot afford to be unrepresented. Probably ' ere tho consummation of a federal Australasia can be realised the process of dripping water on the rock may represent the expedition attained, but if Tasmania would not bo left out in the cold, she must always keep her existence known by making her presence felt ; and if the attendance at tho Sydney Conference next month of the two gontlemen named effect no other good, it will show the Ministers presont that if Tasmania has not equal claims with their Colonies to the con- sideration of the Conference, it is not because she has not statesmen capable of watching over, (protecting, and advancing her interests. That Tasmania will be adequately represented may be I taken for granted. But what can our delegates Ido ? What can the united Colonies do while in .their fiscal policies they differ wide as the poles asunder. Victoria has built up for itself the 'idol of protection, boforo which it falls down and ¡worships. True the other Colonies, as one man, ¡regard Customs duties only as a source of revenue But their unanimity is powerless against the infatuation of Victoria, that, so far from hesitat ling, or doubting tho wisdom of its policy, re 'gards it as its mission to bring the other Colonies lover to its way of thinking. Victoria will have to pass through a tedious and painful ordeal ere it is convinced of the error of its ways, and mean- while the other Colonies must be contontto wait. iThey can do little or nothing, and if the coming Conference do not turn out a grievous failure wo shall be pleasurably surprised. Yet with this conviction staring us in the face, we do not regret the resolution to resume in Sydney in 'January the discussion left off in Melbourne in December. Tho meeting together of so many leading statesmen from the different Colonies must have a beneficial influence altogether apart from tho ostensible purpose of their meeting. Kindly relations may be established among gentlemen now total strangers to each other that may stand some of the Colonies in good ptead should thoy, by and bye, have to entor into négociations affecting their other relations, the one with the other. The coming Conferenco, if it do nothing else, will in its very inception have demon- strated how sanguine, and consequently how persistent, Australian statesmen can be, for when these Colonies met and could not arrange tho simplo question of border Customs it Booms almost ridiculous to attempt the larger question of an intercolonial tariff embracing the highway of the sea as well as the boundary line which divides two Colonies. True, South Aus- tralia and Now South Wales arrived at an agree- ment under which goods may past from the one Colony into the other without the annoying meddlesomeness of Custom House officers. But it is reasonable to believe that such an arrange- ment would have been arrived at between theso two Colonies without the formality of a Confer once. It has, if wo mistake not, beon so arranged by private négociations formerly, and if on the present ocoasion a different means of arriving at the same end has been had recourse to, it was probably because the two Governments preferred waiting the opportunity of a Conference which, however, has had no inherent healing art, as shown in the equally easy adjustment between Victoria and New South Wales having proved boyond the compass of the delegates who would probably haveeasilyadjusted their differences had they been free agents, but each was overweightod by the Customs policy of the Colony ho repre- sented. The difficulty is easily understood ; so easily that we fail to discover what hopo thore can be of Victoria assenting to any general arrangement when she could not get over the IOBS diffloulty of adjusting differences with ono Colony. The border Customs questions bulked largely in the proceedings of the late Melbourne Conference, but is of little interest outside the three Colonies, except in as far aa the prinoiple regulating the delegates of these three Colonies in the leu matter may be expected to be in- corporated in any discussion on the wider ques- tion'of* »Federal Custom» Union. That, wenn easily gather Sir. BUST, the Viotorian Premier, would>S*ct by the modest propos«! that the other Colonies should accept Victoria's doctrine of protection, and to this end he invites them to modify their tariffs to the Victorian standard. It is because this solution seems so plain to Victoria that nn adjustment becomes the more difficult on tho part of the other Colonies. With a uiiiform tariff, a Customs Union could no doubt be easily established, and equally easy would bo the after division of the Customs collected at the soapoits. But ^ hat is to be the basis of this uniform tariff 1 A policy of protection, says Victoria. To that the other Colonies cannot, will not agree ; and thus, at tho threshold, an insuporablo barrier seems to intervene The modifications of their tariffs which Victoria, through Mr. BI'.URY, asks of the other Colonies are described by tho Argus as consisting in lotting in free the goods which cannot be made in a Colony, and taxing those which can ; or, in other words, of making tariffs loss for rovenuo than for protective pur- poses. Victoria would call upon the sistei^ Colonies " to imposo duties tho object of which would be, not to yield money, but to keep out goods ; they would be asked to legislate, not to promote the general prosperity, but to favour one Binall class at the expense of the whole ; they would be required to regard the gnnerous Mother Country as their common commercial enemy, and to strike blows accordingly at her trade and shipping." Our contemporary adds :-" We do not believe that they will so much as dream of a Customs Union on any such basis ; and wo hope that they will not." We should imagine there' need be no uneasiness on this subject ; that j there is no room for doubt. Tho other Colonies' may not bo yet ripe for such a project, though the coming Conference may haply tend to preparo the public mind for running that cordon of isolation round Victoria which even she herself is busily engaged in forming and guiding, and, by united action amongthemselves, force Victoria to accept from them that dictation which she would now impose on the other Colonies. Pro- tection is now confined to Victoria, and there it must be stamped out, if not otherwise, by the unanswerable logic of the fact that theao Colonies -indeed mankind, as a rulo- are too convinced of the sound policy of free trade, to hamper themselves with the bonds of protection. INTERCOLONIAL FILES.-The s.S. Flinders, which arrived at Launceston, on Sunday, brought tho following files of intercolonial papers :-Victoria, 16th to 18th in st.; New Smith Wales, 15th and 16th inst.; South Australia, 14th and loth inst. ; and Queensland, 11th to 14th inBt. THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS' MATCH.-The cricket match between the Australians and Ta-i tnanians will be continued to-day, on the Assooia tion ground, play commencing at noon. The Australians have to play their second iuuiugs, and have 65 to get to win. With the acknowledged "glorious uncertainty" of cricket, there is no knowing what may happen, so there will no doubt be a latge attendance to see the finish of one of the most interesting matches ever played in Tasmania, especially as the price of admission is only Is. A special train will leave Hobart Town at 5-30 p.m. for Launceston, oonveying the cricketers, and any other persons who may wish to seo tho Northern match. Single fares will be charged for return tickets available to the 3rd January, when may be obtained of the ¡Association Secretary, Mr. J. 6. Davies, or at the Main Line Railway terminus. Tho tedious stay at Antill Ponds will be avoided, and the destination reached soon after midnight-a great convenience. ALDERMANIO WHITEWASHING.-Mr. Alderman Pike again appeals to the City Council to white- wash him. Instead of accomplishing his object, he seems to be rather pursuing a_ course reminding one of " the troubled sea, when it cannot rest, whose waters cast up miro and dirt." Wo intend leaving him to his congenial employment, though we may have a word to say when Mr. Pike tells the Connoil on what grounds he hurls his anathemas at us. The irate alderman shows himself as ignorant of the rules of debate as of good breeding. In what way have we cowardly attacked Mr. Pike? I We have spoken out openly and unequivoc- ally. Where is the slander? We based our every remark on the reports of the Waterworks Committee, and of the proceedings of the Council at which it Was brought up. If these reports were false then we were wrong, but the truth of these reports has never been challenged, and therefore, as we have before said, wo have nothing to retract or explain. We have Mr. Pike's authority for the statement that he is a "straightforward, indepen- dent and honourable" gentleman, and wo congi atu late the Council on the fact, though wo fail to seo what Mr. Pike's opinion of himself has to do u ith his admitted oondnot as a member of the Water- works Committee, or with our comments ou that conduct. For these comments we aro not respon- sible to the Council. If Mr. Pike has been slandered ho has his remedy. If he expects us to take any notico of his vaticinations let him, instead of crowing on his on n dunghill, and throwing mud at us under shelter of the City Council, adopt the usual course and make his complaint directly. Wo pro- mise him reasonable space and fair dealing. Mr. Alderman Pike is to " ask an expression of opinion from the members of the Council" on the quarrel he has sought to fasten on us. If he get it, what then ? Why not oak the opinion of tho oitizens ? It would bo both significant and conclusive. AUDITOR FOR THE CITV.-The time for the .nomination of an auditor, to fill the vacancy , caused by the election of Mr. Brownell as an alderman, expired at noon yesterday. Only one Igentleman was nominated, Mr. William Mcllorle, wine and spirit merchant, who waB proposed by {Mr. C. J. Barclay, manager of the Commercial ¡Bank, and seconded by Mr. Ii. T. Westbrook, of 'the Bank of Van Diemen's Land. Although only iona nomination WOB received, we believe that it is not intendod until Thursday to deolare Mr. iMcRorie elected. ! PARK-STREET. - The proposed improvement of Park-street formed the subject of discussion at the' meeting of the City Council yesterday, when the conduot of the Government as regards the matter was not shown in a favourable light. | STIPENDIARY MAGISTRATE AT LEVEN. - Mr. ¡Patrick Churober Maxwell, hss been appointed 'Resident Stipendiary Magistrate at the Leven, and a Court of Requests, with £30 jurisdiction, has been established at the Bame place, Mr. Maxwell being appointed Commissioner and Registrar, and ¡Mr. VVm. Henry Paioe the bailiff. THE BALFE MEMORIAL. - An influential and largely attended meeting was held at the All Nations Hotel, last evening, to devise measures for erecting a monument to the memory of the late member for West Hobart, Mr. J. D. Balfe. Mr. John Watchorn, on the motion of Mr. Dury, seconded by Mr. Cantrell, was voted to the chair. Mr. Watchorn explained the objects of the meeting, and paid a high tribute of respect to the great ability and transcendant talents of one who had so long taken a part in public life, and whose death was lamented by all classes and sections of the community. It was proposed by Mr. Molloy, seconded by Mr. R. Bell, and carried unanimously, that the following- named gentlemen be a com- mittee (with power to add to their number) to carry out the objects of the meeting :-Messrs. J. Watchorn, E. Currie, F. J. Pike, J. Dury, J. Bradley, M. F. Daly, R. Bell, G. Fleming, J. Gray, B. Molloy, J. Webb, P. Cronly, R. G. Fitzsimons, J. Gillon, P. O'Shea, Chick, Payne, P. Mulcahy, T. Sheehy, J. Russell, M. Tierney, Stewart, P. Vale, and G. Meredith. It was, further proposed by Mr. Webb, seconded by Mr. Stewart, and car- ried, that Mr. Watchorn be chairman and convener of the Monument Committee. Mr. H. Hunter was elected honorary treasurer, and Mr. R. G. Fitz- simons honorary secretary, A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the business of the evening. It is intended to make the movement general throughout the colony, and not merely a local one. PUBLICATION. - Tho Christmas number of the Sketcher, which we havo received from Messrs. Walch and Sons, is a splendid production. Besides the ordinary issue containing some very pretty Christmas sketches, tlier« are two supplements-one a beautifully coloured engraving, "The Wanderers Found," and the other a plate representing the embarkation of emigrants. The illustrations are admirably executed. "THE GHOST" AGAIN.-The "ghost" has not ceased to practice his despicable and dangerous work of terrifying women and children. About a week ago he soleoted the vicinity of the Slaughter Yards for his haunt, and there frightened a young girl as she was returning home at night. At about 10 o'clock last Sunday night the ghost was seen near tho corner of Elphiustono and Adtlaido streets. A girl of about l8, who is in the employ of Mrs. Finlayson, of Adelaide- street, while proceeding from Elboden-place in the direction of the house of her imstrotis, saw a white figure, whioh she at first thought was another girl, but was BOOU undeceived in this rospeot. There was also a man loaning against a fence, and the girl asked him two or three times what it was that looked so white, but be made no reply. The man had a long brown beard, and wore a white straw hat. The figure continued to approach the girl, when she soreamed, alarming the neighbours, who came out of their houses. The girl was so weak from fear, that she fell into the arms of one of the residents, Miss Sutcliff, The ghost wa» alleged by some to have gone into one'of the corner houses, while others were of opinion that he proceeded down Mtoqaaiie-street. > ' .,-'-' PHHWO.-At Bridgewater last week nine Ash weMoaQgh»,lTb^t-^iie»d^,-l»Thursday, 8; 8ato>daj,>)«sidBBJklsy, 8, lU'U. CITT POLICE COURT.-The Mayor (Alderman Harcourt) and Alderman Pike occupied the Bench yesterday. A female offender for being drunk and iucftpable waa fined 5B. Margaret Clegg, an old offender, waa fired 20s. 6d., for using obscene language in Liverpool-Btreet on Sunday afternoon. A similar penalty w»s impoaed upon Fanny Saundor Boii, another old offender, for disturbing tho per.co in "Murrny-atreot. Subsequently a male offender was brought bofore Captain Fisher, J.P., and fined 5s.,-for being drunk and disorderly at Now Town on Saturday. GENERAL SESSIONS.-An adjourned Court of General Sessions was held yesterday, at the Mayor's Court-room, to docide whether an appeal against the decision of the magistrates in refusing a license to Mr. Pearce, for the Royal Oak, Watchorn-street, which was lodged a day too late, should be enter- tained. The magistrates present were :-Major General Irvine (in the chair), Messrs. W. Fisher, Belbin, Hull, Wilson, Cowle, and Lawrence. Mr. D. H. Crisp, who appeared for the applicant, con- tended that the appeal could now be heard as thirteen days had elapsed since it was lodged, being six days more than the timo required by tho Aot. In support of this ho quoted tho 27th seotion of the Licensing Act, 21 Viet., No. 39, which says that the applioouts " may appeal to the next Court of General Sessions of the fcaco for the district, in which such licensing meeting took place, which is held by adjournment or otherwise, not less than seven clear days after such liconaing meeting." He thon entered into the melita of the case, when Captain Fisher suggested they had better decide whether the appeal was befsro the Conrt or not. The Chairman Baid ho did not think it-was, because it had been lodged too late. Mr. Crisp repeated hiB arguments based on the 27lh section. The Clerk of the Peace (Mr. R P. Adams) said if it should be decided that Mr. Crisp's contention was correct, then the Court would be octing contrary to a resolution adopted on the 1st December, 1875, to the effeot that the notice to apply for a license fourteen clear days beforo the holding of the Court was mandatory. This was a notice of appeal, and the Act said strongly that no such appeal shall be entertained I unless seven clear days' notice is given. The Court | decided that the appeal could not be entertained. THE FIRH IN MARKET-STREET.-An examination yesterday of the debris of the fire which took place in Mr. Nichols' workshops on Sunday night, showod that in addition to the benches, tools, and stock of hickory and ash, two chaise carts and two drays, a gig body, two pairs wheels', and a lathe, were utterly destroyed. Seven ploughs, recently- ex- hibited at the Bhow at New Town, together with other implements,1 woro also damaged by fire and water. The ploughs, however, will be serviceable after they, have been taken to pieces, tempered, and re-litted. No light has beon thrown upon the cause of the fire. The workshops were locked up at'l o'clock' on Saturday, when everything was safe We also learn that there was no sign or smell of fire at 8 o'olook on Sunday night. At half past 7 o'clock that night Mr. John Semple, jun., was in Mr, Stump's stable, which adjoined Niohols' plaaa, and laid the bedding for the horse ; and at 8 o'clock Mr. Stump, in company with a young man named Gillon, was in the shed looking at aome fancy fowls. No light was struck by either of the three persons. Mr. Stump waa at Mr. Gillou's houao when tho firebell rang. An inquest will be held relative to the fire. DEATH BY DROWNING;.-A telegram was received by the Inspector of Police, yesterday, announcing another death by drowning. C. D. C. Armstrong was the sender of the message, and he stated that D. C. Kavanagh had reported to him that a boat bad capsized during Sunday afternoon in Barnes' Bay, and that one of the occupants, a young man named John Graham, a resident of Peppermint Bay, had been drowned. The body bad not been re- covered. THE SEAMAN OF THE SIR WILFRID LAWSON.-On enquiry at the General Hospital last evening we learned that George Allen Wyte, the seaman who fell from the cross- tree of the mainmast of the Sir Wilfrid Lawson on Saturday, was progressing so favourably that there was little doubt that he wonld recover. When Wyte waa admitted into the hospital tho case was considered a very serious one. GONE FROM HOHE.-A young man named Marks Sievere, aged l8 years, left his home in Goulburn street on Tuesday last, and has not since been heard of. He formed ono of a family of nine, who reside with their mother. She was deserted by her husband some 2J years ago, and the main stay of tbe family ia an elder sou named August. The one who is now missing had been out of employment for some time. It waa at firat supposed that he had gone in search of work, but not having heard of him, Mrs. Sieveis has become anxious about his safety. He was 5ft. Sin. or 5ft, Gin. in height, and of dark curnplexion. Ho was dressed in a dark tweed suit, and wore a black soft bat. Marks Sievers was formerly employed by a Mr. Neilson on the Huon road. SNAKE-BITE ANTIDOTES. - A correspondent writes :-In your number of Wednesday last you mention the case of a young man named Brooks having been received into the hospital on the pre- vious night, suffering from a snakebite, and that remedies had beon applied at Jerusalem. It may be interesting to your readers to know what those remedies were. Ho was bitten by the snake about 0 a.m. in the manner you describe (that is while grubbing), at Springhill Bottom, about one and a half miles from Jerusalem. He worked for some time, when finding the pain insupportable, he walked into Jerusalem, and to the Jerusalem Inn kept by Mr. Beven, who immediately made an incision with a penknife at the wound. An old man, a servant at the inn, produced what he con- sidered an antidote, and believed to be similar to Underwood's. This was rubbed into the bite ; it certainly reduced the swelling; this was about 10'30. At 2 o'clock a bottle of Underwood's antidote was obtained from Mrs. Lamb, at the post office, and immediately applied to the wound, whioh lesaened the pain, and materially reduced the swelling, and i Mr. Beven kept him supplied with stimulants i (French brandy). At 4 o'olook he was still in great i pain, but bettor. His friends tried every means I (except actual force) to get him to go to the hospital, but he refused until he had seen his brother. It ' was a painful sight, every one around him at the railway station believing his hours were numbered, ¡and I think he thought so too, but he would not go until the express at 7 o'clock, when he was taken J to town by an uncle. Since his return, ho still suffers pain in his arm, but all dangerous Bymptoms I have disappeared. j THE WEATHER.-Real summer weather seems j now to have fairly taken the place of the unsettled weather which has prevailed for BO long a period. Sunday and yesterday gave ample proof of this, for I the heat was intense for Tasmania. Yesterday, ¡especially, was unusually warm-in fact, as hot a i day as could be wished for. It was felt moatly in the morning and until about 2 p.m., when a pleasant noa broozo Bprang up, and gradually increasing to a brisk wind, dispelled all the dis- agreeable toolings of a close, warm day. At noon yesterday, the thermometer registcted 72 in the shade. The sea breeze lasted till pretty lato in tbe evening, and after dying off, left a beautiful cool night. RIFLE MATCH.-A handioap match between ¡members of the Rillo Association took place at the Government Butts yesterday. Weather, fine ; wind, I 'S., fresh. The only .prize offered was won by J. 'J. McDonald with 86 points actual ; Messrs. J. Cuthbert S3 points, 4 allowed, and T. Roblin 76 points, 4 allowed, being the next highest. Ar- rangements tor a final handicap match, to be fired "Wednesday, December 29, are in progress, and this beingthe last of the 1880 competitions, members are requested to enter. THE MOHAWKS AT KINGSTON.-The Mohawk Minstrels gave a very successful concert at Brown's River on Friday evening last. There was alarga attendance. Mr. E. Hannaford made his firat appearance as Tambo, and with Mr. Hudspeth as Bones, contributed largely to the triumph achieved. Mr. Pitman's songs were «demanded, and in every respect the entertainment seemed to hit the public taste. Mr. A. Hudson was an efficient ao companyist. Another trip to the same locality is contemplated on an early day. ' THE TASMANIAN FORFEITS.-Mr, W. J. Clarke writes to the Australasian :-"I am informed for the first time by the letter of Mr. Charles M. Lloyd, in your issue of the 4th inst,, that Mr. Kearnoy is liable for forfeits to the amount of £40 sterling on horses that belonged to my late brother, Mr. T. B. Clarke. I have written to Tas- mania to enquire if my brother was in any way, morally or otherwise, liable, and if so, will see that the amount is paid." Distribution of prizes will take place to-day aa follows :-High School, 3 p.m.; Cascades Ragged School, 3 p.m. This evening, at the theatre, the Railway Minstrels and Glee Club, assisted by the Derwent Dramatic Club, will give an entertainment. The juvenile amateurs will repeat Pinafore at the Tasmanian Hall to-night We again draw attention to the annual Christmas concert to be given by the Orchestral Union, on Christmas night, when selections from Handel's oratorio, The Messiah, will, as usual, be given, under the direction of Herr Schott, in the Îrosence of His Exceihmoy. the Governor and iady .Lefroy. An extra rehearsal takes place this evening, at the Freemasons' Hall, to com- mence punctually at half-past 7. at which the attend- ance of all performing member» Is necessary. Ticket« for the concert may, be obtained at all the booksellers, and new members enrolling will receive three tickets for the occasion. The s.S. Josephine will make a fishing trip to the Iron Pot this1 afternoon. The steamer' Monarch will make excusions down the river on,Christmas afternoon, and to New Norfolk on Sunday next. On Boxing Day she will convey visitors to the New ^orfplk Regatta. Races are to take place at Studley Park, Sorell, on Boxing Dayl ' The race-booths for the New Year's Day meeting at Elwick are to be sold by Roberts and Co. on Friday. i VALUABLB DISCOVERY roi TBB HAIR.-If TOOT hair Is turning grey or white, or falling off, use " The Mexican.flair Henewer," for ii. vrili positively rtttore in ertfy tatt Grey or' White hair to its origin»! oolour, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " Re- storer»." It makes the nair ohamioily beautiful, as ,well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald .spots, where CheraUtfor " Tu Mama HAra Rarawn." Sold by chemists and perfumen everywhere at %. .Ad,.per bottle'Wndetalt'depM rmovéi'to M, Fairtajrfo« &>I4J: London. 