NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events.—“ The Yankee Parmer” and “The Irish Emigrant, " at the Academy of Music; Fine Arts Exhibition, at the Alfred hall; Circus, at the rear of the Alfred-hall; lecture,.*'An. evening among books,” by the Bev. J.W. Inglis, St. John's Anglican Church', : Soldier? Hill. •' - -r- ’ , J 1 , ” The complications which at one time threat ened to ■ result j from, the resistance of the Albanians to the cession of Dulcigho appear in a fair way of being removed.- Our cable grams convey the. intelligence that .a, diplo matic note -has .been, presented to the ambassadors of the Great Powers', submitting a scheme for the satisfactory settlement of the question.- The details of the .proposals have nut, however, been made public, pending the result of the negotiations. Admiral Seymour, in command of the combined fleet, has pro ceeded to- Cettinje. for .the purpose of con ferring with the'Prince of-Montenegro, In. Ireland the agitation on the land question still continues. -Mr Parnell,-. M.P.,i has been ad dressing large gatherings in Cork and-Kil kenny, inveighing in -violent terms against the Government., The good sense of'the! people has, however,'up to the present 1 prevented any serious disturbances., , . There are sbme'ugiy rumors afloat with re gard to the part, taken in the late, enquiry on the Industrial Schools ‘ by- - Mr : Morris, the principal .of the Church of England Grammar School in Melbourne. It is said that that gentle .man was in constant communication with Mr By land previous to, being appointed as a member of the board that dismissed Mr Neal, and the . conclusion is not unnaturally drawn that the decision arrived at was in a.maimer swayed by ; ex parte statements, and a feeling of friendship for Mr Byland. - We shall- be- glad- to learn that the statements, made are’capable of being explained away, and Mr Morris! impartiality during the- late investigation, placed beyond dispute. ■ ‘ The Connty Court sittings were resumed on Monday, his Honor -Judge. Smyth presiding. The . case of Gray y Batten, arid that of Andrews v Hogan, in. equity, are yet;on the list. The : insolvency business was all disposed of, and . the Court of- Mines cases were also heard, his Honor reserving his decisions. 1 - The court at its rising adjourned till Saturday, lath October, at 11 o'clock a.m., • when the. re mainder of the County Court business will be 'proceeded with, and '.when his- Honor will also give his decisions in the two Court of Hides cases.. ;T_ _ Considerable anxiety is being displayed by the sporting public and the promoters of the Miners’ Baces as to. the -condition ;of the weather. The races take place on Thursday' next, and as there are good, fields in j all the events,- and satisfactory handicaps, some capital racing may be anticipated, provided the rain holds off so "as to leave the course fit,'and remains fine on the convincing day... The com mittee of the club have made good arrange mehts’for the accommodation of the public, and should Thursday prove bright and fine, an en joyable day’s sport may be anticipated.- ■; The handicaps appeared in our Monday’s issue. The ordinary meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held on Monday night; Captain Morris in the chair- The secretary reported that he bad taken action ip Bocuro donations from, the various fire insurance companies. The Smythesdale brigade wrote inviting repre. sentatives to the annual reunion of that brigade, and it was explained that owing to the weather representatives could not attend. An invitation was also received to Captain Morris to represent the brigade at a social gathering of the members of tbe Sandhurst No. 1 brigade bn . Wednesday. The' treasurer reported the financial position of the brigade, showing a debit of £26 6s sd, The report was received. The finance committee recommended payment of accounts amounting to £l9 13s; and the report was adopted. Messrs William Traher and John Ham were elected ordinary' and Mr George Goddard an honorary, member of the brigade. Elsewhere will be found some account of the mining.operations now being carried on in the BeualU 'district, whither of late a number of \- Ballarat and Stawell miners have recently gone with the intention of giving the locality a trial.-.; There seems, every reason to believe that a payable goldfield will be opened up in that portion of the colony. Our intercolonial telegrams report the fact of large gnda of nuggets at femora. . ■ The* inclemency of the weather had thp effect of reducing the attendance at the Fine Arte Exhibition to comparatively; few persons, who after being treated to selections on tbe orchestrion bad tickets' presented to them for this evening's entertainment. Tha hall was then closed. 1 The articles found on prisoners when taken (a the lock-up are often as miscellaneous as the content? of a spboolhoy’s pocket, A petty •offender -was lodged jn the.pastern pellg on Saturday night, who was fined at the. court on Monday. On leaving he departed with about two dozen boxes of matches, tied up in a pocket, handkerchief, under bis arm; several knives, a play bill, and no hat. He started off on his way home quite cheerfully, with the rain beat ing down on his head, apparently delighted to get out of the clutches of the law in as good condition as he bad. - ‘ The following little item may prove interest ing to mothers. There ig at present in a baby. To uninterested outsiders this state; ment may not appear very striking or origipal; but this baby has points about : it that are not possessed by all infants. It was born under the ordinary circumstances attending'‘such episodes. At first it was pretty much the same as other people’s babies, but 'it koim developed into ; an “ extraordinary' infant," until at the present moment, although only ten months old, it weighs four stone, measures Menjy-tgro inches across the cheat, and has a' bead aboi}t eg Big as 'fnit'tla’Ml'rims,, 11 and the mother believes it has “ a heap -” nibre on it ('' A richly-deserved punishment was meted out at the Eastern Police Court on .Monday morning, to. a young man, Frederick Bailes, alios Williams, who was brought before the bench on no less than four charges, one of assault and three of wilful damage to property. The circumstances surrounding the case were briefly as the evening of the 29th of September Bailes, in company with four others; went 'into ■ ah hotel, where he ordered refreshments. He 'refused to "bay for thW and on Being retfopstretefi with assaulted the landlord and bfoie a large pan!) of glass. He thep left th'g hotsl, to where be also broke a pane of glass. Ha next proceeded to a private oottage, where bo pulled a paling off the fence, and thrust it in through the window looking on to the street, tear ing down the window - curtains and bteak ? seroaane oil lamp, which stood on a a jsnt e t^ e ' iad , c6m not obntrbl hia factions. Iftfeji.gevere'ieotUr-a'frotn the bench'fines, t n.ti- » d, . we F e m&'oted, of iff default seyen w Bsks' TOpt; S9OOWB f. . ! ' * y “ A defat ease presenting soma unusual features was heard at the Town o”urt on Mon- A . ha wker purchased;.a large «tv whieV ? atenal , at “ draper's shop in the &lall; 9 p 'tl l - n the h * nda of a areaamakat W make into various articles-of clothmg-for'hinli which 'wad' ttiiiy f, a’ihe' and •tation^li^w 1 W thd 'railway possible effort was made to two it could net be found. The rmlway not' ..responsible for parcels carried ongthe lines which are merely stamped and not booked and registered. Upon hearing of the loes the hawker, putting the value of his par celt t the lowest valuation, generously offered to divide the loss with tha dressmaker, who iaa poor wqman. The half for which tha woman was "“liable ho also agreed should bo paid to him in work and not money. The dressmaker, in. .course., of ..time received other material to make up for the hawker, for the' labor employed on, ; which- 'she eent in an Recount, altogether ighbring the amount for which she was liable to hithT ’He ’ 'refuBo,d‘"to' pay more than-the difference between the two . amounts, and shortly afterwards was sum moned to'court by her,- The bench oh hearing the awdenoe.gava a verdict in favor ot the de fendant without costs. : 1 - In a case brought before the Towa Court on Monday, in which. a miserable-looking old man was oharged-with having stolen an over-' -epat-from a draper’s shop,-the ooat being at the time hung ha a peg outside the atore, Bub >:''Babingtoa remarked that a very strong temptation to steal ‘ was’ offered by the display of articles of’, clothing on the exterior of drapers’ shops, and that so long as trades men'persisted. in adopting this course so long must they expect to have their wares stolen." , Father ,Henneberry|s mission would appear to be. bearing ffuita,'already, if the charge •sheeta -»t, the City and * Town Courts can bo M a test. It is customary on a Monday morning to see quite a . host of drunkards brought before .the. bench, the garneringa of the Saturday and Sunday, but on Monday, morning only one inebriate appeared.; The bench was so . astonished at this unusual scar city ittiat the chairman: took occasion to remark that.,Father’Henaeberry’s work waa having effect; Tfia Hospital secretary requests us to .acknowledge, the .receipt of £5 5s from the Ballarat Gas Company, which should have appeared in the list of -contributions published .pn the,lst'inst., making, the total- tor month £15612s 3d, instead of £l5l 7a 3d, as adver tissd.’. -. .. :L ■ riJapiie .unfortunate young .woman {mentioned by us in Monday’s issue under the heading “ A ■ vagrant,” was brought before the City Court and’ Committed. to the;Tatra Bend Asylum aa a lunatic. Any excuse rather than none” appears to be. the motth of thieves, for they certainly advance most simple and abaurd pleas in .extenuation 'of theii conduct. ’ An elderly man waa on Monday charged before the bench with having stolen a pair of trousers from a second hand clothes shop.. When asked whether he bad'anything to say in self-defence,-he at once ' admitted having been arrested with the gar ment in his' possession, but swore most poai tively that it had dropped en his arm when he was passing the shop, and that he was totally unaware of having-it in his possession until arrested. ' . ' ,■; On Saturday, next, weather permitting,’ the aquatic season will be opened at Lake- Wen 'douree- under the auspices’-of the'yacht and .rowing clubs. A" procession) of ■ boats. and several impromptu racing'events will , take place. ’ ’ ■’ - The usual fortnightly meeting of tho Neil street Mutual Improvement. Association was held on Friday evening last; the president (Mr Cargeeg) in the 'chair, A very good and ’.inatructive essay was read by Mr Waight (vice-' 'president);"subject, ‘“The; Holy Ghost,” Ex cellent readings were, also, given . by two of the members. The benediction brought the meet ing to a close. • '' - ’ ■ . The usual weekly meeting of the Barkly street Mutual Improvement Association waa held last Tuesday evening, when the election of officers for the. laat half-year took place, and resulted as follows ;—President,: Rev. W. A. .Quick (re-elected); vice-presidents, Messrs J. ,Ball. and R,’ M’Qregor (re-elected); secretary, Mr J.. Bosaence; treasurer, Mr J. L. "Nettle; librarian,Alias Russell (re-elected); committee, Messrs Woolcock, Wheeler, Martin, Qpie, and H, J. Qlenny; auditors, Messrs Vercoe and George. After a vote of thanka to the retiring officers the chairman closed the meeting, i- At theSmythesdxle Police Courton Monday, before Mr-John Keith, J;P., Ah Sing was charged with vagrancy, and. having a wonder ful begging petition iii hie possession, waa sent to gaol for three months. ' :• ■; At the Learmbnth’Police Court on Monday, before Mr M’lntoah, J.P., the case ot Maddin v Roche was postponed for a weak. The shire of Ballarat y_ Alex. Gordon, for arrear of rates, was settled out of court. » Three caaes|brought by the truant inspector were dealt with, one being withdrawn, and in the others fines of Is and 2s 6d, with.costs of court, beiog imposed. Our Learnionth correspondent -writes l bn Monday as follows;—“ To those colonists who are desirous that in return for the .vast sums of money yearly expended oh our. educational, .system it should be upheld in its entirety, and that so portion of it should remain a dead letter or be set at defiance, the following, if not interesting, will prove instructive, ' Mr Seymour, truant officer for the shire of Lextob, ifl giving. hia evidence yesterday at the Lear month Felipe Court in the case of John M’Kay, who waa summoned for the noq-attendance of his two children, stated that ‘ the {defendant had been continually before the. court for the last six years; that he bad been six times sum moned in two years; that he lived within a stone’s-tbrow of tho school; that at the place -of residence of the defendant, the Springs, there is no need of a truant inspector but for the one family f that his attendance at the above place to look after these people alone coats Government £|l eagh tiipe; that four more of the family might have been summoned, but the department took.the plea of ill-health.’' Last quarter they wore allowed immunity as a trial, when the whole six were defaulters, one of tha children attending only half a day, the ■ other a wbolb one! On the last occasion, which waa the fifth case in which the same officer complained, the nominal fine of Is in. the five cases then before the court was in flicted, which cost Government £2 to obtain. Mr James M’lntosh mulcted the defendant in the penalty of la .fine, and 2s fid costs. Whether Mr MTntosh meant it as a grim joke, or whether he cannot see that such leniency ia but an encouragement to a chronic defaulter, can only be surmised, this tnuch may be said,_ that it requires no unholy "alliances, political or other opposition, to subvert the provisions of the act, if such glaring defiance of it •is to bo repeatedly sheltered by such lenient.. verdicts as the one recorded in the above case.”- The cricket season was opened at Learmonth on Saturday by a scratch match between the members of t}ie loop) clab, tlie sides being chosen by tfie captain and The bowling on-hoth sides was very good; bn the captain's side E, Cavanagh and J. Duffy did good execution, while F. Walker did good service for their opponents. Those who suc ceeded in' making double figures on the cap-, tain’s side were—P, Williams, £18; G. Hart, 14—11, not out; E. Cavanagh, 10.- On the vice-captain’s side P. Walker made .the top score jwith. 20. The game ended in a victory for tthe captain’s aide by three runs, with five wjcketg tb epafe, • Mv... Reynolds, of Glgnrpwan, whom Ned Kelly interviewed on the Sunday previous tor the .battle, and who bad a.few minutes’ chat with the notorious outlaw, who .during the conversation sat on a sofa, assures the Ovens and Murray Advertiser that a lady of respect able appearance came all the way from’Mel bourne for the purpose of sitting on the. same sofa that Ned Kelly rested on during the interview. , $/e have to acknowledge receipt of the ninth annual report of* th*e Association in cooneption with the Alliance’ Is rae Ut o Univeraelle. : ’ ' . -We have received from the publishers, Messrs W. H. Glenn and Cos., of Melbourne, “The Exhibition Album." It contains, in addition to several popular songs, the “Fleder mans” lancers and “ Stolen Kisses” waltz, by Herr Hook, and tha “Melbourne Exhibition Quadrilles,” by Mr Earcourt The manner in which the mhtio ft pt-idtedTribea gteat'eredit to Mtsira FerguSon’and'- 1 Moore; 1 to Whom- the pottion 'of the work’ Wte en excellent picture in water-colors of the wfeok of the Sorato, near Cape Jervis. The sketch was taken at the time tha great wave swept the small boat alongside into the steam launch and both sank. excitement was occasioned qn nunl; Bourse 'street,■'by the' appsarance of k number 1 of policemen off Iba roofs’ bf the ad jacont jiouses.' This was explained (says the ■4sy by tha lact pfiqt a fevy’&iqutespyeyibusly; in .charge bif the qoqee t’qvbf'p’i fflign putting a child to bed in an upper room, was stwtled.by seeing a man on the roof gaar tfia . skylight. . .She screamed, and tha mau disap peared. A number of constables bad. congre gated at the'corner awaiting the 9 o’clock these sqoji. ascended to the yoofs; put although the'search was, diligent and ; brtmptj lbe yoald-be h ur g! a^ —for :there’ is hect wa*"’ such—could 008 b# imo, QohrideriD^ x thhiUßiQ qf-pighV : atSZfi »ik » favors the impression that he is nmt! u Xteat of a gang of expert burglars attr^ b,y ° as c ?'“ n y by the Exhibition* The iS* to th * ! of Mr Goldstein adjoins the coffin , 6erj it will be remembered that Tarn'S it was entered by burglars and „ m Dlha ago quantity of valuable property abstS^' 8 o “.® atar . da y il; was noticed (says tha a ftat the whole of the enginesin thftfaW machinery annexe were motionless enquiry wo learned that several o?’r and U tors having preferied that their eoMn,! be driven by compressed air inS'V" l4 - steam the former being quite as effect , ty exhibition purposes, besides being nref !L f the ground of cleanliness, the i? 1 * had entered into ah arrangement G. Ford, by which that' * using compressed air for his roctb is , : to supply air for the use of the tors, for which he was to receive the £lOO. It is somewhat strange, howeve?°ll of ’ Mr Ford who is supposed to be one oft? 11 engineers who never make a mistake t sa far .miscalculated his resources that he 80 more, air ' than was required for k* Bl> machine., The result is that several after going to considerable expense in i- ' on the air to their engines, have now to i e a second expense in connecting them.i r with the stsam boilers. ° Selves An accident happened on Satmdav ,fi i noon which is likely to prove fatal ? a ■ named .James North, a farmer of BirT maa was (saya the Geelong Tima) driving udM™ 1 ’! bool street in a; wagonette, when it? l*’- took fright and darted off at full speedtn the Barwon Bridge. A few yardsTn a? aide of the bridge, one of the wheels and theoccupant of the wagonette wasT ° ff ’ out on his head, near the *!! was very severely hurt in the head and l! “ He was removed to the Hospital as possible, when it was found that his were serious.. The horse dragged the Iran"* 3 declined the (hens and Murray says:-“ Mr Reid has. good cause for the appointment, as no one knows betterS he does himself that his chance for re-aWi! for the Eastern Province is nil. «i£S£i very.properly set their faces against ‘ratting ’ * A new rush has taken place to a locality situated about two miles north-cast from hi Ffyingpau Plains rush, and in the fed : of the Black Ranges. The prospectors, one ot whom is Mr Fisher who pa well known to the residents of Stawell, have obtained a nm.nl !' of from 2 dwt to 3 dwt to two nailcan, P oE dirt! On Friday last (says Monday’s Pleasant Creek News) some parties hearingof the find mted lb, place, and when down the shaft knocked out enough of the-wash to fill* bucket, in thisa -little gold was seen; subsequently two others 1 .tried a prospect, and obtained a quarter of a pennyweight of gold from a aailcan of wash* dirt. It is expected that three or four shaft will be bottomed 1 to-day or to-morrof? Tha gold that has been obtained so far is of a coarse quality, and from this fact it is thought that a little driving or farther trial in “the neighbor, hood may lead to the discovery of pajablal deposits.. The country is likely.looking and! there is plenty of room for a number off diggers. Although it would not ba wise to! rush the place, the value of the discovery being at present uncertain, yet it may be well to pay j ■it a visit; the distance from Stawell not beingf great, and there being at tha present tims not ! a. few of our miners ont of employment. I /The telegraphic intelligence from the Bermagui- rush has caused considerable in. terest to bo, attached to it (aays the Sgdneg Daily Telegraph). Several claims are reported to be on “ good gold;” indeed if, as' our tele.! gram on Friday morning stales, one claim! averaged Id dwt to the dish, it is the richest 1 1 that has been discovered since the days of the Gulgong, .. and is certainly in advance of Temora, if we except the nuggets. Four hundred men are already reported to be on the field; the excitement is described as “great” in the surrounding district, and it is evidently attracting attention from a distance. Messrs Q. and -B. Niooll, who have aeveral times lately shown considerable enterprise in opening up a trade, despatched the first steamer last night, and at 4 o’clock in the afternoon had 100 berths engaged by diggers, besides several in,the saloon, which were taken up by busi ness men prepared to invest money in stores if the rush proves genuine. They had several telegrams requesting them to take cargo, but tha present being only a piloting trip, and ml knowing of any settled accommodation, they bad to refuse it. The intention is to take tha boat into a small bay at Eermagni, where tbs passengers will be landed in boats. They in tend to send another steamer on Saturday, by which time it is almost certain a large number of men will be en route there from Temora. A correspondent of the Sydney Pally Tele graph writes;—“About seven years ago oca of the AS.N. Company’s steamers left Sydney bn a dark night, and whilst steaming down the harbor the passengers and crew were suddenly alarmed to find that a fire had broken ont on ts}o main hatchway. A dense volume of smoij enveloped the ship, and so sliding were tbs fumes that it was evident they arose from some pernicious chemical substance. Everybody rushed as far as they could possibly get from the smoke—everybody save ooa man, who, perceiving the necessity for immediate action, coolly ran to where the fire was raging, and in a minute or two returned with his bands burnt and his clothes charred, and with the in formation that all danger was oyer, That asj) was poor Edmondson, who breather! his last at .Newcastle on Tuesday. A carboy of sal phuric acid, it appeared, had exploded, and a heap; of packages containing miscellaneous goods had become ignited. Captain Edmonson; who was a passenger in the steamer, had, by dint of great exertion, thrown every one of tha burning packages overboard, and bad saved the ship. The performance may fittingly hi mentioned at the present time.” Captain Edmondson, it will be remembered, wii drowned in the Susanna Qodeffroy, lost a few days since off Newcastle.” The adjourned enquiry on the child Maf Hopwood, who met her death by Jrownjpgoji Tuesday laat‘ was held (says the Geelong Jww, on. Saturday, when Mr O’Brien, mayor of toll borough ot Geelong West, returned the loHoW' ing verdict:—“That he agreed with Dr Wyct that tha cause of death was drowning, and that Mrs Hopwood was not criminally liable for her, acta.” This decision is based on the of her unsoundneas of mind. The Australian Frozen Meat Export pany (Limited) has (says tha Aigvs) ma arrangements for shipping 250 tons ot in® meat by' the steamer Pollute, which is 6 s ' tered to leave this port for London on the S 3 inat. The meat will consist of the carcases o about 7000 sheep and of a quantity of (t . The chamber in which the meat will be s or ia to be completely lined with wool, machinery at the company’s works at oo cray is now in course of erection, and it a , pected to be at work by the end o. ~ Already it has to b e announced Telegraph) damage has been done to e? at the' Exhibition by visitors. One o water-color paintings, entitled “Nations Deposit Company’s Premises,” which is on tha stairs leading to the British art-g was damaged by some _ persons leaxi g building about twenty minutes to 6 on day. Two young men were observed roil ing in the vicinity cf the_ pictui-a time named, and it is suf miaed 'otie rfa ? . agbinst it. ! THe'hatnek df the'o|end6rß n , not yet been ascertained. ’ . , ' Advantage was taken by the of the absence from their bom 6s lh * oß t people who were attraoted abroad y side allurements of Friday to enter dances thus left without protection, a off what they could, and they have will.be learned from the following n— most successful. From the bouse o , Serbort Hewitt, of Studley slree|;, P°l Telegraph), aftic.es ot ihg’and two tnofi6y ; b6ihh ‘containing the wbsle being valued at £4 10s, 15616 1 b entrance being effected, }t’ i? WPP 0! , C ’ opening tlie front door with a skeleton J neighbor observed a light in the booss o’clock in the evening while tbef* lll , absent. From the residence oi 240 Gore street, Fitzroy, a quantity * sto j e ing, comprising coats and tr?n?crS; *• . entraiioe’being"effected by the bedroo which had been left unfastened. Edward iftcholl’s house, 24 Cbetwyn j West Melbourne, the most valuabla £fll was obtained, the property carried . aistmg'of 'ievyellerf, ificln'ding a go w'atpbj a silver bunting > 6?er ' old gnQtUer silver watch, a valuable g )a , besides some gold studs, ate. brandy and about 6s in silver were From the house of Mr G. F. Qerr > terrace, Victoria parade, a quantity was taken, entrance being 5 61 ? e !l . be6 n id py ihe kitchen wjhdow, vyhicb nij t^j unfastened. The greater part Wjs tjie property of the servant. _ ? n9 -•W** * • pound oa Saturday "TTt tba Btc' imon r' 4., w hich wore im- of* Fitzrey. Admit. « C the lock of the fis®'jugained 5 ®'jugained b y o{ Mr Gardner, boot hs .^ r Scolling W ood. w« entered a pane of glass being forced. The .hop in 3ft.**ii Jthe building wa. entered, and \- boots stolon. tfif 1 „ lecture was (says the GcehmQ i'rtfZn to John Huggett, the,artil* P r h . gppeared before the police onSaturday Wl n rhaiges of insulting behavior and I Jtiog ®° cb *{? who was attired in the mill et H “ g ® h y' s t under influences stronger an adherence to temper hsd committed ofiences against at*P nßCip Friday night, after coming from jj. 1>» oa fSrbibition. He had knocked a th*'5 m n aVthen assaulted a constable. bench Huggett solicited for the police magistrate condemned ptfM? 0 ,, “J his cowardly action in ill kP 1 *!; ! the disgrace he had & ‘ his fellow artillerymen when uniform. Mr Heron fM. ; L military authorities would take cooduotinto consideration without and fined the prisoner _£3, in 19 ® ‘“ month’s imprisonment. Huggett **° B on . “ em ber of the Ballarat Hangers. •“ oll S!reUnd that Major RashleigVof the ff! f AHillery Corps, will place Huggett immediately he is let out of gaol 113 Seer uniform has been already taken ?"o/by the sergeant-major of the corps. that is attracting some interest was S i m Show on Thursday, Mr A. Austin “- roo that the scoured fleece from one Sibils was not to be beaten by that: fj other animal in the yards.. He was *2 taken up by Mr Q. Mackay. manager; fl p Hood, of Merrang, who, wa under selected two sheep from which the “to be out. One of these is Mr A. 1 Erie’s ewe that won the first prize in and which was shorn on' the 27th' Sfju,. the other is an exhibit •£ Mr R. »«sl, and which was shorn on 10th SUtafc Mr Austin’s ram from which the tlii to he taken is the one for which he Si honorable mention in class 9, and it juihorn on 7th October. tr, would remind our readers of the lecture nine in St. John’s schoolroom. Soldiers m br the talented lecturer the Rev. J. W. St who takes as his subject “Ah evening Mjieboaks," with illustrative readings, which a, nil- known eleeutionary ability of the render epeoially attractive. The annual sale of gifts in connection with a. Lydiard street Dorcas Society is an ■JK to take place in the lecture-hall,- Dana Wednesday and Thursday. Jhe ordinary meeting of the M.U.1.0.0.P., ItjdßilUrat Lodge, will be held to-morrow, in idrerlisement appears in another column skiing to an application for probate of the r3 of the long-resident and much respected jh Edward Armstrong, just, deceased, jlilongh the will was only opened yesterday, ft ff. Little, the Ballarat agent of the fciea. Esecutora, and Agency Company (Limited) has lost no time in putting the w-iury machinery in motion to expedite the oily winding up of the estate. The company mdently means to attempt to secure public; import by a prompt and businesslike manage- Effltoiall affairs entrusted to its direction, ftrpile the stormy weather last night there ra ifairly good house at the Academy of ftiic, when “ The Flying Dutchman” and ‘HmdjAndy" were repeated, and as before rat highly appreciated. To-night there is to ie a change of programme, when “The Yankee firmer 1 and "The Irish Emigrant" will be performed. 