COUNTRY LETTERS. (From our own Correspondents.) QRROHOO, August 30. Spring and the wickets, glorious weather nn dinners. What n theme! How the sprightly gliosis of dp«d-and-gone matches rise before one's mental vision as the pleasant days come sunnily in. How one enjoys the happiness of retrospect in connection with the splendid came ; how the days come back to you when in the rMiiulierant vitality of youth you trod the springy turn, and totted up the score, or lieard behind you the ominous rattle which told yon of levelled stumps and the ignominious product of the duck. When in all the glory of the club uniform, including, of t-ourse, the flannel not-to-be-talked-aboutnhles, irreproachable belt, and orthodox spikes, you tieldi-d the well-hit boll, or caught it—on the mie". How glibly one used to talk of tin* draw for three, my boy," obtained from the " demon" of those days, or how yon Homvtl " cover-point" by a "cut"— •' straight off the bails, by jove," or of the punishment yon inflicted upon Tynsley's " plows," and' how you broke the heart of Jackson. Tlmt the two players last named were proininriit melul>••!'« of nil eleven who visited Australia some years ago. find the then two best slow and fast howlers in the world, tiiadc no difference, for the bow of the cricketer was then, as now. of the longest and Jnost elastic description, and then, as now, be drew it most unmercifully. He that as it limy, cricket is upon us •.•. iiJi .ill its enjoyable features , Hni. oh, shinies of Boreas! all its " blow." Paterfamilias may be seen sedately taking nn "over" from n tremendous bowler of ten, who gravely informs his sire that he'd iii-IU-r look out, as heV going to put some " s'-rcw" on. i'oUiigntef'K of f-'etider lueuns ami dubious attire enjoy n gome in back yards and at the ends of house*, their bat of the description known as iiome-tnnde. and the wicket a knife-board surreptitiously obtained for the occnsiou, but it's real cricket to them —it's " out" if the ball !.its it. That's all the youngsters know about cri'ket, and older children, too. for that mailer. From all which you will understand that I have seen a jjamc. * Yes, Bachelors and Benedicts was the match, Orroroo the ground, and humiliating the result, to the pluralised, for the wifeless mn-s gave them « tremendous " batin," as a foreign friend of mine called it, who comes fn.-m the island of Cyprus, and whose name is J,'ulr»h,v. I cannot send yon the particulars, i Vas not uil the time present nor afterwards, ;it the match Morchard v. Orroroo, which took placo ut the latter town on th«- 2:nh nit., and ended in an easy victoiy for the Mori-hards. Accept this, then, not as description, but as a kind of hurrah for t ri the beginning of the season. While upon athletic matters I may meulion that a gentleman of this town, wellknown in banking cir.les, and very fond of outdoor sports, took a run the other day alongside :i horse ridden by a friend, and covered w i i miles and a hall within the hour. I'retty good that, I think; and the wiry and well-knit form of the gentleman in question shows that Mich exercises are con- ducive to the highest form of physical culture. The advanced guard of the railway corp arc now encamped in the towuship, and as a great «junntity of work has to be done, including a large bridge, station. &c.;, we shall be exceptionally busy during the next six months or more, and should rainfall soon our prospects will be of the brightest. A want of rain, however, means a serious drawback to this very dry district, and funnels generally are in their devoutest mood when they pray for pluvial blessings. Doulkroo, August '11. Since iny last we have had some interest ing meeting* in this out-of-the-way place. On Friday evening, the 20th instant, a branch of the South Australian Fanners' Association was started here. Mr. lleece, J.P., presided at the meeting, and about fourteen interested persons were present, all of whom signed the covenant. There is every prospect of this becoming a strong branch. On Sunday and Monday lust the opening of the new* Wesleyan C uivh at Willowie took p'aee. The inaugural sermons were preached on Sabbath by the Rev. W. T. Carter Jo crowded congregations. At the evening service an immense crowd" were tillable to obtain admission. The tea on Monday was a great draw, and proved an excellent one. The public meeting was a treat. ]>i\ Mitchell, of Melrose, occupied the chair, and stirring addresses were delivered by the Iters. John Watts, (of Port Augusta) and W. T. Carter, and Messrs. Pointon and Chambers. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. T. Forbes, added considerably to the evening's eiijoyitiedf. The proceeds of the opening services amounted to over £. r )0. We beg to acknowledge the following Parliamentary-papers from the Clerk of the House of Assembly :—Resumption of portion of the Woolunduugu Forest tteserve ; Report oil Drained Lauds, Soutli- Eust; Sketch of Northern Territory: Petition for Telegraph to Port Germein; Petition to bring Lands I under Scrub Lands Act: Petition from' James Lewis: Attendance at Licensed Schools ; Votes and Proceedings in tbe House •of Assembly. 