THEATRE ROYAL. ME. FAIROLOUGH AS HAMLET. Tbe management of the Theatre Royal are to be congratulated on tbe change which was witnessed at that place of amusement op Satur day night, both on the stage and in what is calltd have been remarkably small, and tbe pieces put on have borne a very closeaiialogy to a boarding house meal on a washing-day. If decrease iu tbe size of audiences were ordinarily the cause of very indifferent plays being presented, instead of the effect, it might be oou sidered that some of the plays lately put on the stage were intended for thin house*. That, however, is hardly likely to have been tbe cue, the fact being that capable- artistes, for some reaaon or ottur, quite misjndged what would go down well here iu tbe erlections they made. On Saturday uight, however, we had Sb&k;«peare again on tbe board*, and if Mr. Allisou were guaranteed an audieuce every night for tbe next six mouth* of tho same nun-ber? a* then attended there is no doubt he woulti be very wdl satified. Tbe dre»s-circle was well felled, aud tbe other portiouj of the theatre were crowded. li was the first uppr&raure; of Mr. IS. Fair elough after nn isbsmce of kuuie yi'ura, slid, fol lowing the example of moot at-tom who n-v.iy to represent tbeela*»ical character* of onrdrjma, he cnose to appear as Hamlet. Tar production of Sbskxpeare's masterpiece m&kes; very ion diderable - demands upon the n-nourcea of a tt« ntre. but the tragedy w*s produced with Ttry good api-oiotnieut«. aud with the oubjr diiiutu characters fairly taken. Tnose who tad the oppjr amity of seeing Mr. Fairclough imper sonate tbe melancholy Prince vrhtu be wu last in .Adelaide will remiaubcr ttiat he gavo a somewhat high-dues rendering ot this fim ot part«, and that tbe character, with its peculiar vaouir, was so put forward as to commend tb«t actor's reading to moat mind». Some of the be»t pa*«Xgea were giv--u with coiuddtrable power, aud reading* of ceitaiu portions were natural at the sarue time that they were novel. Without charging our memories with every detail, vre fancy Mr. Fair clough has made one or two alterations which arc decided improvements id bU ropreneut* tion. It need hardly be said to those who have seen him before thut amongst the various read ings of Hamlet that which he select) is tbe interpretation which shows the Prince to havo been OLly tu»d ' nor'-nor'-east,' or to hive been simulating maduefcs in order to outwit tha King, whose fool deed he suspected aud winlifd to prove. He delivered with considerable power the first soliloquy beginning wfch— ' ' Oh that this too, too milt! tlesh would melt,' and ia his scene with the Ghost the language wh» given smoothly and with good etfect. His delivery of the lines beginuiug with ' Oh, what a tegue iwd peasant slave a:u I,' and ending with ' The pUy's the thin? ?Wherein I'll calcb the conscience ot tha Kin?,' was one of tbe best points in the performance, aud met with hearty appUuse. His addreu to the players was delivered iu a too oouimonplacu mi-nner, arid we remember actora who have appeared to both more and less advantage in tlio plaj -scene. In the well-known soliloquy — ' To be or riot to be' — Mr. Fairclough when last here, if we re uielnLei* rightly, sat ou a chair. This, though undoubtedly natural, i» not effective ia bIh;b representation, and we prefer his delivery of tbe HueB according to the most generally received uotiou. Ia the chamber sceue with tjueeu Gertrude the portraits to which Hamlet direols the attention of bis mother are ou tbe walls. From the position where we sat the picture of tbe dead King was visible considerably over life t i?.f, ntid was co greatcredit to the sc-i'Ijo painter. We prefer the arrangement followed by Walttr Montgomery, who wore the par Unit of tbe late King, tbe Qieeu having tbe other. The last is undoubtedly the moot natural way of dealing with the catnparisou. Mr. Fairclough's t-ducatiou us a 8wori)-iumi tood him iu good stead in the lnit sopu-\ but hi» acting at the close was hardly so forcible or -o awe-inspiring as it might have been. His reception throughout web, however, must flatter ing, iud be was called before the cunain at tho close of each act.^ It seems a pity thut people cannot be prevented from leaving the theatre jnst as the most interesting portion of a play is t-eing enacted. The effect of the dying scene wan very much interfered with by the clatteriu of pfople going down the gallery stairs. S\ bile we have seen Ophelia much better represented than tbe was by Miss Annie Mayor, that youug lady gave a fair eiubudimeut of tbe cbaiacttr. She presented the daughter of T'olouius as the simple-minded girl that she undoubtedly was intended to he, and acted gracefully in the leadiDg scenes, but we did not think she evinced much power in the mud scene. Thin actress has, however, had but a short ex perience on tbe stage, aud we have no doubt in time will interpret this ns Well as more difficult parts in a superior manner. tliaH Jenny Watt Tnurjer was a stately and at the same time graceful Qaeen Gertrude. She played with di« crimination in the chamber aceue, where tbe powers of the representative of tho Qneen are rr.oBt tried. We did not care much for Mr. Arthur Elliott as the King of Denmark. His performance was stiff, aud in tbe sceue jnst re ferred to he appeared to be to Home extent over- weighted. Mr. Herbert Fleming generally manages to give an intelligent account of him self in whatever rx-rt he is cast for, and' while there was nothing uncommon 'in bis Laertes, there was very little in it at which to cavil. Horatio is usually made a very subdued, good fellow indeed, and one for whose adornment all the rags of the theatrical wardrobe are apparently collected. On the present occasion he was better got np than usual, and was repre sented by Mr. Hans Phillips with more than average spirit. Mr. Edwin Palmer exhibited too much of his own personality as Polonius to make tbe pait . as acceptable as it might have been made, and the celebrated advice to hit son was bat poorly ?iven. At the same time Mr. Palmer refrained rom making tbe Minister of Denmark an elderly jester, and when one remembers bow many actors have 'brought down' a certain part of the house by exhibiting Polonius in that light we cannot refrain from speaking approv ingly «f Mr. Palmer's more sensible reading. Mr. TV. J. Holloway played tbe Ghoot fairly, but would better have carried out tbe idea of the dramatist bad he refraiued from looking up at the gallery as he did in one of hi* principal appearances. Any actor is blameworthy who plsjs to tho bouse, but when a Ghost stares over the footlights as if he were counting the audience tbe result is far from good. Mr. Frod Thome whs well received as the First Grave digger, and was fairly supported by Mr. Oarle. Mias Maggie Knight was cart; for Onric, and the parts of Bosencrantz, Guildenstorn, Mar cellus, Bernardo, tho Priest, and the Players were creditably filled by othw members of the comrmny. ' Hamlet' will be repeated to-night. 