Miscellaneous. The last valss but four—time 2'35 a.m.; Wife of fail bosom—" Don't keep looking at roar tfstch, A1gy 1 One would think you were la church." " Whai decoration is that yon are weir ing ?" said an Austrian sergeant to a new recruit The man blushed deeply, and ros ponded, "It'a a medal our oow won at the cattle show." Ak old Scotchman attributes the disappear ances of ghosts from the Scottish moor to the custom of tea-drinking at social meetings. It require* Soottiah whiskey on tbe top of old ale to enable a man to see a ghost really worth talking about. A Long Island Dutchman, in reading an account of a meeting in New York city, oame to the words "The meeting then dissolved,"/ He could not define the meaning of tho last,' so he referred to his dictionary, and felt I satisfied. In a few minntea a friend oame in, bad very hot wedder in New York. I ret an agount of a meeting vere all de peoples had melted away." Ak old man residing near Greta, who rendered valuable assistance to the Police during the hunt for the Kellys, lias had to leave bis aelection for fear of bis life, and is making application to the Government for compensation. His case is considered a very deserving one. Lord Beaconsfield, when he was tbe Disraeli of only twenty-two years, waa a remarkable looking young fellow. He had a pale, almost delicate faoe, jet black hair clustered in onrlson a marble brow, beneath which flashed strangely brilliant blaok eyes. His figure was slender and litbe, and be wore a dross coat of black velvet, white kid gloves with draperies of black (ilk fringe felling from the wrists over bis bands, and a waistcoat resplendent with gold lace. Bashed.—It is wonderful what fools boys are. A charming widow of our city owns a nice boy, and a man from St. Panl wants to be appointed deputy father to the lad. It was only last Sunday that while the St. Paul man woe strolling down Chestnut-street with the lad he asked " Bub, does your mamma bane her hair f" and that foolish boy answered, " On, no; but you ought to see her bang dad's head. Guess the minister didn't know every thing when he told pa to prepare to die. Pre pare I Why, he was aching to die." A Linus' Bathing Scahf..—An alarming accident took plaoe at the Bridgenorth Floating Bath not long ainoo. It seems that since the establishment of this bath certain days have been set apart for ladies, many of whom have appreciated the opportunity afforded, and have made considerable progress in the art of nata tion. On the day in question about thirty ladies had assembled In the bath, and the river Seven, owing to tbe reosnt tains, had in creased in volume, bnt then was nothing to excite any alarm. Owing, however, to several ladies sitting on the side, the bath gave a lurch and then began to sink. The ladies, in great alarm—some partly dressed, others in full bathing costume—hastily escaped to the bank of the river, and to their dismay the bath im mediately ssnk to the bottom of the rivor with all. their clothes. The dilemma in which so many ladies found themselvts on the bank of the river close to the town, with bardly even the simplest articles of clothing, seemed inca pable of a satisfactory solution. At last a cattle shed was espied in the distance, and a race took plaoe to vain its friendly shelter. Even here the diffionlty of finding a present able wardrobe was not ovsrcome, but, by bor rowing sundry blankets and spare apparel, all the victims of the aocident were aonveyed to homes.— Home 1vewt. Tb«k ahd Now—IUilwav Histokv.—Sep tember IS wh memorable as the fiftieth inoi versiry of tlie Mt&blulunHit; of the railway system for goods and passenger traffic is tho United Kingdom. On that day, half a cen tury ago, the line to Manchester was opened, the starting of the first train being attended with an accident, which resulted iu the death of Mr. Huskisson. We are informed that the engineer now lives near Birmingham who turned the handle of the engine which set the train in motion. Half a century ago a speed exceeding ten miles an hour was considered tantamount to flying in the face of Providence, and the Quarterly Revieto deprecated a faster rate. Now the Flying Dutchman runs daily from London to Plymouth at 57 J miles ^ an hour without exciting the least surprise. Half a million persons are employed in con nection with railways in Great Britain and Ireland. Their total paid-op capital has ex panded to 800,000,0001. sterling, the total number of passengers conveyed being repre sentedfby tlie same figure. While about 600/. was received from passengers in the first two yean of railway existence, tlie aggregate income has swollen into 22,000,000(. a year. To the extension of railways, London is in debted for an accession, in the half century, of 3,000,000 to its population. The Slaniari remarks that "1,000,000 sacks of flour and meal, 180,000 head of cattle, 1,250,000 sheep, 80,000 tons of dead meat, 62,000 tons of fish, 12,000 tonB of poultry, 13,000 tons of cheese, and 200,000 tons of vegetables are annually brought into the capital by the various rail ways which have their termini within the bills of mortality."—Britith Trade Journal. NuwerirBB Editing.—Most people think tlie selection of suitable matter for a newspaper tbe easiest part of the business. How great an error! It is by all means the most difficult. To look over and over hundreds of exchange papers ererr week, from which to select enough tor one, especially when the question is, not whst shall, but what shall not, be selected, is no easy task. If every person who reads a paper oould have edited it, we should hear less com plaints. Not unfrequently is it the case that an editor looks all over his exchange papers for something interesting, and can absolutely find nothing. Eveiy paper is drier than a contribu tion box; and yet something must be had—his paper must oome out with something in it, and he does the best he can. To an editor who has the least care about whst he selects, the writing is the easiest part of his labor. A paper when completed should be one that the editor should be willing to read aloud to his wife, his mother, his sister, or his daughter; and if he do that, if he get such a paper, he will find his labour a most difficult one. Eveiy subscriber or adver tiser thinks lhat the paper is printed for his especial benefit, and if there is nothing in it that suits him it must be stopped—it is good for nothing. Just as many subscribers as an editor may have, so many different tastes has he to consult. One wants stories and poetry; another abhors all this. Tbe politician wants nothing but politics. One must have something smart; anolner something sound. One likes aneadotes, fun, and frolics, and the next door wonders that a man of sense will put such ^tuff in a paper. We only wish that every man and woman who reads a newspaper, and complains of it, were oompelled to edit one for a single month, they would then find that it is not quito so easy a matter as they suppose.—Exchange. A Wonderful Goblet.—At a banquet ro oently given at Orosawardein, in celebration of tbe hundredth anniversary of the cathedral's completion. Bishop Lipovnicksy, in proposing the toast of "The Hungarian King and the Roman Pontiff," raised aloft a crystal goblet whioh bod undergone a strange adventure a century ago. In the summer of 1780, Franc Hacker, a master carpenter from Ofen, who had superintended tbe construction of the Groaawardein Cathedral, emptied this very glass, standing on the roof of the huge edifice, > the health of the " King" of Hungary, Maria Theresa, and hurled the goblet from him with the intention of shattering it to pieces, so that, having served to do honor to his sove reign, it might never again be utilized for any BJWner purpose. The glass, however, sustained not the least injury from its fall of nearly two hundred feet, and was picked op by a venerable ecclesiastical dignitary, Abbot Solomon, who proposed that the name of the " King1' should be engraved upon it, and that it should be then Bent to Vienna as a present to her Imperial majesty. Before, howsver, the proportion could be oarried out, Maria Theresa died and the infrangible goblet was solomnly deposited in the treasure-ohamber of the Grossirsrdein Chapter, where it has remained ever sioo, an objeot of popular admiration and reverence. Oa the occasion of the late jubilee it was pro duced for the speoial purpose above referred to, and once again, after a hundred years' honor able retirement, teemed with a loyal libation to the health and long life of a Magyar Monarch. A curious case lately came before the magistrates at Bury (Lancashire). A man was brought up for deserting his wife. The woman swore positively he was her husband, and that she had lived with him six years, but that he had deserted her now for three years back. The story was circumstantial, and apparently conclusive, but was proved to be entirely wrong, tbe man never having even seen the woman till accused by her. A parallel case (says the Courier) occurred some years ago at Roekhampton. Tins Americans are a very forgetful ra|# | In tbe summer thousands go to the conntiy for their health, and come home without it. 