CUTCHERS' MEAT. TO THE EDITOR. Sir —As a general reader and admirer of the leading articles in your valuable paper my at- <*> lention was drawn to one written apparently from information given you by a " knight of U:t- Ciiavtr. It you have <lcn?"u<J tins Iro.n i't.e ul that particular body I should im* s ':ne that he is or has been "off his chump." or else buffeting from a pleinora of caabcustomers—an cveut which foils to but few of the unfortunate '• kniglits of Uw cleaver." You state that it is a n i ill ar^enion that butchers are gainiDg from 400 to Cm) per cent, in tbe case of beef alone, and tL«t their charge to (unities leaves rather too large a margin. Perhaps, Mr. Editor, you have no family, nor are you in the btbit of running butchers* bills, and oonseqoently have not the slightest idea that as a rule these said bills are tbe but to be paid by families, because they have nothing to show for their expendi ture but the flesh on their boaes, which they will stick to like leeches. Have you considered, Mr. Editor, the rents, plant, wear-and-teer of a first-data batcher's establishment—in fact, have you any idast ot it? Again, in the summer time, tbe lasses by meat becoming w*rpt%*^r<>tsMf; and when I oall your attention to the fact that an instance of aa Ade laice butcher exposing for sale meat unfit for use is an occurrence so rare as to be almost an impossibility. I •boold vers- much like, Mr. Editor, if you bad time to spare to take a round on a butcher's collecting Tuesday (supposing that to be an off day with the AdttrUter), I am sure that you would be satisfied. Co-operation as} tar as excuses for aanpaymeat is concerned Is practised throughout Adelaide and its suburbs to a very great extent. It is • known fact that the cash purchaser can be sup plied at mnch lower rates than those who re quire credit; and lam certain that the persons who complain a>t present belong to the elaas of excuse-makers. Butchers at the Port who supply ships at ;2Jd. do so at what is called -all round prices," taking rough meat,suoh as shins and necks in conjunction with best pieces like sirloins aud ribs for the cabin. About a week ago you say that fat cattle were purchased at thejardsat fram £1 to £6. and good {judges estimate tbe east to the butcher at |d. to Id. I am a regular attendant at these sales, and have never seen anything of the bargains you mention. At a later sale bul locks from 600 lbs. to 1,800 lbs. were disposed of at £5 5*.; strange that none of the town butchers have exhibited any such beef in their shi pe of late. You admit that the profits on mutton are not so large. Would yon believe it liutt- iMe tbst a butcber would and does make iiiut ton & line for cheapness, selling at a ksaand unking what little be can from bis beef 'i A week ago I saw merino wethers sold in tbe market at 13s. od., which when killed averaged 45 lbs. These v.oold have made very good lanterns; the profits on them would be found on the wrong tide of tbe ledger. Sheep weighing 70 Jbs. as a rule arc fancy sbeep, and fetch fancy prii*s. Trusting the matter as taken np by you sin have bfth bides put fairly before the public, —I am, &c;, iivrc?EiuV Clebk axs Collector. Adelaide, M&yS7;,IMO. TO THB MDITOB. Sir—Your leader upon the meat supply of Adelaide present t. only one side of the question to your numerous readers. Batchers, aa well as other tradesmen, pay rent, taxes, wages, and bone-feed, &c.; also that the greater portion of the so-called monstrous profits are lost in the wear-and-tear o f plant and bad debts; in fact tbe latter being the only monstrous part about it. I attend the cattle sales, and have not seen any sold at 80s. to 40s. per head, or 1,200 lbs. bul locks at £6 Bs.; in fact, a 1,200 lbs. bullock is a very rare animal. Sheep weighing 70 lbs. would fetch 30 per cent, over your quotation, Yon deal with tbe bullock's carcasa as though it was all sirloin and ramp steak—no bone or waste in cutting up. You also make a great point of a city purveyor supplying ships at 2jd. per lb. If private families would take the same cuts, give as little trouble regarding delivery, and though last, but not tbe least) as good security for payment they could get supplied at the same price. You refer to the co-operative principle not succeeding at the Buna on account of the small population; it was tried to my knowledge f n the West End of London and the City of Bristol, where 3 numbers had anything to do with it Buocess should have been the result, but such I can assure you was not the case. Your point of a tradesman having broken tbe monopoly some ten or eleven years ago is not in your favor, as he did not benefit himself by his desire to serve tbe public. I should like to eee tbe subject ventilated, as I am sure the public have no idea the enormous expense incurred in carry ing on a city butchering business, and I think you would find the strong language used in your leader to be quite unwarranted.—lam, ■* A BUTCHER. TO THB EDROB. Sir—Your article on the b dear meat" ques tion whioh appeared in the Advertiser of this morning will doubtless attract an unusual amount of attention, the subject dealt with being one which heads of families are of neces sity bound to take a considerable interest in. I cannot, therefore, allow it to pass without en tering a mild protest against it being taken in its entirety "as gospel." If the subject is worthy of ventilation, let it be done in a whole manner, not worked op into a spicy dish t tickle the palates eftbote who are ever ready to condemn on the slightest provocation. The "knight of the dearer" who hu supplied you with * the curious illustration of the monstrous extortion of Adelaide batchers" has either been diawing on hi* imagination for the ♦• illustra tions" supplied, or elsehe has been talking abont something of which he is profoundly ignorant. Your etatement that " with respect to beef, the profit to the butoher to 400 or SOO per cent, ana upwards"in • perfect staggerer; as also is your information that" meat which cost the butcher id. to Id. per pound is retailed at an average of ea. per pound." As far as lam individually concerned there is not a ghost of truth in either of the above statements, and I donbt not if yon were to interview any of the leading bufthers in Adelaide they would supply yoa with facto which would conelsively endorse my opinion. The present average cost of good beef is 15s. to 18s. per hundred, or nearly 2d. per lb. If this were all romp ntntkn or best joints, no doubt your assertion of 500 per cent, profits would have • look of tangibility; bat unfortunately for your argument, and for the butchers' pockets, there are shins, legs, large bonea, and a quantity of waste to the tune of nearly 40 per cent. At the present time, and for weeks past, any quantity of good wholesome beef could be had retail at from Id. to 2d. per lb., but the " long-suffering public" do not accept the opportunity, but prefer grumb ling and paying a higher price for "prune joints." During the past three or four months tons of good wholesome meat have had to be thrown away by butchers in comequence of being unable to sell the cheaper portions of tie bul lock. The evil you are complaining about, Sir, does not owe its existence to the batcher, but to the pnblic. Let matorfamUiaj learn how to cook a pince of meat, no matter from what part of the beast it is cut, and depend upon it the market will soon right iteelf. If people will persist in indulging in rump steaks and best joints to the exclusion of the other portions they must pay for the luxury. Coming to sheep, I am glad that you bare not taken such a high standard of profits with which to startle the writer and the public generally. Had you written of 400 ana 500 per cent, in this branch of our trade it would have been utterly impossible for me to have taekted the question >t>U, as I should have felt that I was either entirely ignorant of the rudiments of my business, and had not gathered in a share of the profits that others in my line were fattening on or else that I was surrounded by a lot of em ployes who systematically emptied my tills of the fabulous profits mentioned. Again, I can only give my experience—you most take it for what it is worth. Seventy-pound sheep! Och Himmel! Where do we find them ? We mar get one or two in a flock, but flocks of them never. " And at Id*, each, or with skins off at 2d. per lb, with a certain profit of 3d. per lb!" My experience, however, doesn't quite come np to that I find that the average of the best merino mutton, which costs me los. per bead, rarely averages 64 pounds, never over 56 pounds, and that until very recently for. weeks I was paying the aame money for sheep poor in condition, and averaging 10 to 12 pounds each less than my above quotations. Again, my experience is that my sheep sales have resulted most weeks during the present swum in an absolute lost, and the proata attached tothe selling of them now are so small that I cannot estimate them. Tour illustration of the happy efieots following the breakup of the M butchers' extortion" ten or eleven yean ago is not kind either to the spirited gentleman who led the way or others who emulated his example. The cattle salesman and others who suffered can best tell you the actual effect of "that complete breaking-up." —I am, fce., M.N.KUGBLKANN. Hindley-street, May 24,1880. 