NEWS OF THE DAY. Those who feel an interest in the Australian i cricketing team that left a few weeks ago for the home country, where they are to play a series i of matches, will be pleased to learn of their safe i arrival at Plymouth, as announced in one of our cable messages this morning. Another- telegram informs us that General Stewart has arrived at Cabul, and has assumed command. Last week we were informed that the forces of General Stewart had been successful in the capture of, and entry into, li homes. In the absence of any intimation of an alteration as to General Roberts's position as Commander-in-Chief at Cabul, this statement regarding General Stewart must be accepted with some reserve. Our messages of this morning also inform us that the various European representatives at Pekin are taking precautionary measures for the safety of European subjects in China in view of the threatening aspect of affairs between China and Portugal n.M.S. Bacchante, with the two sons of the Prince of Wales on board has returned to England, after a seven months' cruise. In Italy another political crisis has occurred, and the Parliament has been dissolved in consequence of its obstruction to measures introduced by the Cairoli Government. His Honor Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice of Victoria, has appointed Leslie William Alexander Macarthur, Clerk of Petty Sessions, Hay, as Commissioner for taking affidavits in New South Wales, in all matters concerning the proceedings of the Supreme Court of Victoria. THE May sittings for the trial of causes at Nisi Prius were commenced yesterday, in the Supreme Court. Over 100 causes are set down for trial. His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett presided in the Jury Court, and proceeded with the trial of White v. Hunter, an action for damages for waste alleged to have been committed by the defendant in a shop rented from the plaintiff at Newtown. His Honor Sir William Manning presided in the Banco Court, and commenced the trial of Mooney v. Taylor, an action for damages for wrongful seizure of a chemist and druggist's stock in-trade, under a bill of sale. A CHANGE in the official arrangements of the P. and O. Company will take place here shortly, and their business be conducted in the offices lately occupied by Messrs. R. Towns and Co., corner of George-street and Charlotte-place. THE following are the details of the votes for auditor of the Australian Mutual Provident Society : Paige, 8387 personal, 4619 proxy ; total, 8006. Robey, 1420 personal, 4523 proxy ; total, 5943. Cameron, 508 personal, 1860 proxy; total, 2368. There were 24 personal and 388 proxy votes rejected as informal. TUG Finance Committee in connection with the City Council met at the Town Hall yesterday, when his Worship the Mayor occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of aldermen. Amongst other matters decided upon it was resolved to pay coupons and debentures at the Union Bank after June 30 next, and to recommend the Council to authorise an expenditure of £3892 18s. 2d. for completing the water supplying systems of Woollahra and a portion of Paddington ; after which the question of converting the Exhibition Building in Prince Alfred Park into a meat market was discussed. Particulars of the discussion will be found in another column. WATERDRIXKERS must feel curious when they look at the inside of the water- pipes which are being taken up in Pitt-street. After being in use for about a score of years, they are covered to the depth of several inches with a black slimy deposit, the odour of which is entirely dissimilar to that of attar of roses and it is not pleasant to think that the water that has been drunk has passed through such a horrible mess. In 1870 Colonel Sankey, in reporting upon a scheme of water-supply for Melbourne, drew attention to the Sydney supply remarking that it was the first time he had ever heard of a successful supply being obtained from a swamp, and these pipes form a pretty good proof of the correctness of his judgment in this matter. No one can doubt that the new scheme now being carried out is not a moment too soon for the health of the citizens. Wren the view of improving to some extent the psalmody of the Presbyterian Church, the Committee on Psalmody in connection with the General Assembly, having secured the services of a professional teacher of singing, announce a series of elementary classes to be held at stated intervals in the various Presbyterian Churches of the city and suburbs. By this means, if employed during a few months of the year, the psalmody of the Church will doubtless be considerably improved, and it is to be hoped therefore that the classes will be well attended. The first class of the series will be held in St. Stephen's Presbyterian Church, Philip-street, this evening. PERSONS Who cherish an admiration for pictures by old masters may gratify it to some extent by visiting the shop of Mr. P. E. Reynolds, 410, George-street, who has on view some works by Gaspar Poussin, Richard Wilson, R.A., Sir Godfrey Kneller, Jacques von Artois, and George Jones, R.A., which have been recently introduced here from England. The number is small, but the subjects are sufficiently varied to make the collection interesting. The picture by Poussin, a Roman artist, born in 1618, consists of " A Landscape near Rome, in which there is much elegance and grandeur. Adjoining it is " An Italian Coast Scene," by Richard Wilson, who was born in 1714, in which some noble-looking cliffs, an inlet of sea, and a group of banditti are admirably drawn, and graduated lights and shades are judiciously introduced. Near at hand is "The Garden of Love," a grouping of male and female figures in amorous discourse with each other, which is thought by some to have been painted by Rubens, and, it not by him probably by Jordnons, one of his best pupils. It introduces a portrait of Rubens and his wife, and on that account is held to have a special value. The contributions from the brush of Sir Godfrey Kneller, who was court painter to James II., and became celebrated for painting " The Beauties of Hampton Court, a series of portraits, is a likeness of Lady Godolphin and a medallion portrait of the monarch he served. " The Battle of Jappa," by George Jones, is not so old, but it presents an attractive and spirited grouping of knights and horses. " Richard," says the catalogue, " is seen on horseback, with battle- axe uplifted to deal a deadly blow, from which none could hope to rise again ; while Saladin, with uplifted similar in his right hand, governs with his left his magnificent white charger. The details of the damascened armour, the scales of steel breastplates and greaves, the attitudes of the fiery knights, and the terror of affrighted horses, are all displayed with marvellous spirit and accuracy." The " Landscape," by Artois, is a gem rich in colouring and delicate handling, and well worthy of close inspection. AT the meeting of the Marine Board, held yesterday, an inquiry was held into the circumstances attending the loss of the schooner Lady Emma, off North Head, on Friday last, when the captain, Austin Flynn, was lost. The evidence will be found in another column fully reported, and the Board reserved its decision until next meeting. A PRELIMINARY meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the Temperance Ball, of gentlemen favourable to the idea of entertaining at a picnic the founders of the National, Secular, Compulsory, and Free School League, in recognition of the valuable services they rendered to the community in preparing the way for the passing of the present Public Instruction Act. The proceedings were confined to the simple initiation of the movement, and it was resolved to hold a larger meeting at the same place on Friday evening next, at half-past 7 o'clock. YESTERDAY afternoon, a meeting of shareholders in the Sydney Meat Company (Limited) was held at the Agricultural Society's rooms, for the purpose of placing before the shareholders " Any proposals made to the directors with reference to carrying on the business of the company." Mr. J. S. Farnell, M.L.A., presided, \- and said that no proposals of the kind indicated had been placed before the directors, but they had made a call of 2s. 6d. a share, to which only ten shareholders out of more than eighty had responded, and the directors did not feel themselves justified in going to any expense until the shareholder were prepared to supply them, with the necessary funds. A considerable amount of desultory conversation ensued, and the meeting separated without anything being done, the A general feeling of those present being, apparently, in r favour of winding up the company. THE committee appointed at the recent anti-Chinese meeting met last, night, at the Hyde Park Hotel, Bathurst-street, Mr. Stephen Gee in the chair. It ! was resolved to form an association, and that it shall be called "The Anti-Chinese Association of New South j "Wales ;" Mr. Stephen Gee was elected to fill the office of president, Mr. James Dooley to ho vice-president, Mr. William Roylance to be secretary pro tem., and Mr. William B. Cole to be treasurer of the association. On the motion of Mr. Roylance, seconded, by Mr. O'Neill, the officers elected were also appointed to be an Executive Committee, for the purpose of preparing a constitution for the association, to be considered at a meeting to he held on Thursday evening next. The Executive Committee were authorised to attend as a deputation to the meeting convened to he held at the Guild Hall, in reference to the Chinese question. THERE was a somewhat limited attendance at the complimentary tea and public meeting, held yesterday evening, in honour of the Rev. Dr. Roseby, G.W.C.T., P.G.W.P., of New Zealand, who is at present on a visit to Sydney ; but, notwithstanding this drawback, a pleasant evening was spent by those who were there. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. L. E. Harcus, Rev. J. C. Kirby, A. Allen, and J. Roseby; and an i address from the various Temperance Societies was presented by Mr. P. E. Holdsworth. The chair was occupied by Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A. WE have received from Messrs. Shepherd and Co. their illustrated catalogues for the current year. They are more elaborate than usual, and contain one or two I features which seems to indicate a new departure in connection with the business of seedsmen. The novelties in flower and vegetable seeds, and fodder plants and grasses, are separated from the other items and printed on coloured paper, at the beginning of the catalogues and the same may be said in regard to the select list of new, rare, and beautiful plants in the plant catalogue. In addition to this, accompanying the catalogues, are seed order streets, by means of which seeds and plants may be ordered, as per catalogue, by merely stating the catalogue number and the number of packets, the prices being also indicated. It is a good idea, and will save much trouble both to the buyer and seller. Both catalogues are very extensive. The seed catalogue contains about 350 varieties, and there are the usual directions in regard to planting and sowing, as well as particulars relating to plants and their culture. The list of novelties and varieties of special merit, recently introduced, will be found worthy of perusal by those interested in farming and gardening pursuits. WE have received from Mr. E. Buckley, the Australian agent for it a copy of Martineau and Smith's Hardware Trade Journal. This journal, written by iron- mongers for ironmongers, appears monthly, and judging by its advertisements, circulates, we should say, extensively among those connected, in however remote a degree, with the trade. It is exclusively a trade journal, and while special subjects are dealt with exhaustively, general news relating to the hon interest is culled from every source. The printing and general arrangement are excellent. A SHOEMAKER named William Blackie, over middle age, and with greyish hair, was conveyed to the Infirmary yesterday evening, at about 7 o'clock, suffering from concussion of the brain, and probably fracture of the base of the skull, as he was bleeding from the nose and left ear. He had evidently been drinking freely, for he smelt of liquor and vomited. He was said to have been knocked down by a dray on the South Head Road, Paddington, at about a quarter to 7, while attempting to cross from one side to another. Constable Ranford took the injured man to the institution, and the drayman stated that he had staggered against the horse. Dr. Vause dressed and attended to the wounds. THE following is the report of the Sydney Infirmary for the week ended 1st May, 1860:-Admitted : 32 males, 21 females : total, 53. Discharged : 27 males, 25 females : total, 52. Died : 6 males, 1 female; total, 7. remaining: 148 males, 68 females : total, 216. DR. BROWN, among others, attended to the following casualties at the Infirmary during Saturday and Sunday Elijah Leak, 66, injuries to leg, occasioned by a fall; Isaac Burnell, scalp wound, caused by a fall; William Miller, 3, fractured thigh, through having been run over by a cab. ON Tuesday, April 27 (says the Sandhurst Independent whilst two boys were playing truant from the Long Gully State school, a piece of gold in the shape of a goose egg was found. The two young trusts, to keep out of sight, selected a cutting on the Danger Hill, California Gully, which divides the Hercules and Energetic Company's lease from the North Hercules claim. After sitting down and playing for some time, one of the lads, named Rosewall, who resides with his parents at St. Just Point, observed something bright sticking out of the earth, and on closer examination found it to be a lump of gold. The boy returned home, and, very properly received the usual thrashing from his mother for playing truant ; after which he showed her the oval nugget. The nugget is of pure gold, and was waterworn on one side. When sold the price realized will be about £100. Two busts, executed in the purest Carrara marble by the late Charles Summers and MB son, have (says the Argus of Friday last) just been presented to the trustees of the National Gallery by Mr. T. B Payne, and have been placed in the room set apart for the exhibition of original works of statuary. Both pieces of sculpture strike us as being equal to any of the productions of the elder of the two sculptors. Each is probably a study from the life of the best types of youthful Roman beauty among the peasant classes, and it is only in youth they are beautiful, especially if they reside anywhere in the neighbourhood of the Campagna. One of the busts represents a young son ladies, who is apparently from the Abruzzi, with the handsome profile for which the people of that district are celebrated, and a mass of unkempt hair, overshadowed by his felt hat. He wears the sheepskin jacket and leather belt of the peasant, and has as fine a face as his companion, a finely developed contains with her aquiline nose, short upper lip, and full mouth. Upon her head is the familiar tablet with its folds of muslin falling down her back; and a bodice of the same material is gathered in over a well proportioned neck. We should think that the figure from Mr. Charles Summers' chisel was executed by the sculptor for his own gratification, for it exhibits that sort of caressing treatment which an artist bestows upon a pet subject; and the public are to be congratulated upon the acquisition of two such works of art from the studio of one who was for so many years a resident in this city, while Mr. Payne is to be complimented upon the judiciousness of the selection and the liberality of the gift. THE trial of Robert Butler for the murder of James M. Dewar, one of the victims of the Canterbury-street murders at Dunedin, was concluded on the 17th April, shortly after 9 p.m., when a verdict of not guilty was returned. The prisoner's speech occupied about five hours in delivery, and the evidence was criticised in detail by him. His Honor commenced his summing up shortly after 4 p.m., and the jury retired at five minutes past 6 p.m. On returning, after three hours' deliberation, the verdict, as we have stated, was one of acquittal. The greatest interest (the Otago Daily Times states) was shown in the proceedings. Clergy- men and medical gentlemen and others remained in court during nearly the whole of the prolonged trial, and hundreds of persons congregated about the court unable to obtain admission. A very numerous assemblage waited outside to hear the verdict and when it became known they expressed their sentiments regarding it by groaning and hooting. The prisoner betrayed but little emotion during the trial, and none whatever when the jury returned to deliver their verdict, the only time when he betrayed any great anxiety being when the medical evidence was given. No intimation was given by the Crown that a 1 nolly prosequi would be entered in respect of the other indictment found against the prisoner for the murder of Elizabeth Dewar, and we understand that his trial upon that charge will be proceeded with. Some 50 persons had assembled at the back entrance to the court in Liverpool-street before Butler was brought out, and his appearance was the signal for loud hoots and'' groans. The assemblage quickly swelled. When Butler got into the cab it looked as if there was going to be a scene, for one or two persons got on the step, and some caught hold of the side of the vehicle. Inspector Mallaid, however, and the detectives interfered, and the cab got away. It was followed all the way to the gaol by a number of persons:. [Butler was afterwards convicted of burglary, and received a sentence of 18 years' imprisonment.] A corr.ESPONDENT of the Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the following "ghost" story :-''As I know you feel interested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Innes. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though perfectly sensible to the last was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lissaman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, are I have told you, expressed all he had to say in writing, and was compos meats to the last, wrote that, going into his study one evening, after Lisserman's death, he saw him standing at the study table, and in- voluntarily exclaimed, ' Holloa ! are you here ! ' ' Yes,' replied the apparition, and where I now am there will you soon be ! ' Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique and when he saw the appari- tion was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for." IN our report of the recent moonlight concert at Ashfield, we omitted to mention that some of the best fireworks were supplied by Mr. E. Scott, who also rendered valuable assist""" on that occasion. 