IRELAND. OUR LAND COMMISSION. , .(J* -om the Freeman Special Commissioners.) v '? ' XVI. In the South. Kilmallock. Thurdav. To hear the fugleman of the landlords crow \- over the wintry sunshine which visited us \- last week one would imagine that all that ? was necessary to ensure an abundant harvest was a few line days, and that an ? abundant harvest was all that was necessary \- to bring back the Golden Age in Ireland. JNow it cannot be too emphatically insisted .upon, that in the first place, the harvest which is now mc* fly reaped and stacked is as bad as the worst of its predeeeapors, and, in the next place, that a bad harvest is the least, beeauso the most accidental, of the accumulated disasters before which the Irish farmer at this moment stands aghast. The only crop that involves anything at all like a matter of life and death for the Irish cultivator is the potato crop, and that is hopelessly rotted and blackened as m 1840 — ? so hopelessly that in whole districts the stinking fields will be left undug. But in ? 1846 Irish corn was still a great and paying oiop. To-day Irish corn is annihilated even As an addition to the food of the country which raises it. It is the shame of .Irish agriculture, but the bitter truth, that three fourths of our people are kept alive for three fourths of the year upon food grown at the other side of the world ; that, in fact, if American, Russian, or Egyptian havests had failed us, or the corn laws had been suddenly restored, hundreds of thousands of famine graves must have opened. this year in a land which, according to Berkley's calculation, if it were mewed in from the rest of the world by walls of brass, has resource enough within its own bosom to support thrice its present population. I am not discussing here the reasons why Irish husbandly is becoming a tradition, or why it is that cattle eat the fatness of: the land ; I am only noting the fact that a good or bad harvest can no longer make or mar the Irish farmer. For example, in this great county of Limerick, with its area of (502,000 of the wealthiest acres in the kingdom, the corn crop covers little more than 30,000 acres ; a half of the whole culti vated area, such as it is, has lapsed into grass even within the past ten years. It is a serious aggravation of the Limerick farmers' troubles that their patches of cereals were couched upon the sodden ground for weeks, and when they came to be reaped were reaped with a liberal intermixture of weeds and rank green second growths ; but even if they had been as fruitful as ever land agent imagined in his greedy dreams, they could not have staved oil: even for a season the importunacy of the question— can the Irish farmers endure their great shackles and live? For that is what I take to be the question of the hour, and not merely whether a small abatement flung to them like a bone will prolong the agony a little longer. There is no use in being mealy mouthed in times like these. It is not an affair of the weather, nor of the crops, nor even of the markets alone we are dealing with ; it is that a radical revolution is going on all along the line, which in every item oi his produce has imposed a crushing weight of new burdens on the Irish farmer without lightening his old ones one jot ; and, if things are not to drift into bankruptcy or desperation, the revolution in the markets must be counteracted b}r a revolution in rents and tenure. The cost of production, so far as the farmer could control it, has been pared down to the last farthing, yet farming is a bankrupt business. He has cut down the food of bis family to coarse stirabout, he has reduced his labour bill until the labourers see themselves walking straight towards starvation, he has himself — the farmer of fifty acres as well as the farmer of live — thrown off his coat, where he has a coat still impawned, and taken up spade and reaping-hook to save Is Od a day. All will not do. Rent and hunger still ghost him like spectres. It may be doubted whether the richest farm lot at the most moderate rent m Ireland can pay that rent this year out of honest profits. It is certain that the overwhelming bulk of the small farms, which are both poor and rack-rented up to the eyes, neither can nor will. In cases of this sort abatements of 10 or 20 per cent, on a half year are simply cups of cold water to wretches dying on the rack. The remission of a half-year's rent will be a sub stantial present relief. It will give heart to face the future. But, if that future should be as the past, it seems to me to be as certain as any law of nature can be, that rents must come down with a rush to at least something like the level of Griffith's valuation ; and when this has come about the landlords will probably begin to think the time is ripe for the one great change which can ever rescue this country f om chronic famine - -ihe owner ship of the soil by the men who till it, On my way back to the West, through Clare, I have tarried a v\ hile in one of the most favoured regions in this island to discover wiiat tiie Irish Janet system has to show tor itself under conditions excelled by none in Europe— a soil of almost rank fertility and depth, a continuation of the rich Tipperary vein, enormous capital to begin with, and the keenest intelligence to turn it to account. It seemed as if nothing could be more unlike the woe-begone barrenness of the Gal tee slopes, in whose misery I was plunged last week, than the laughing green sea-like planes, the sleekly-larded cattle, the solid farmsteads, the enterprising and high-spirited people among whom my journey lay to-day. There was, I discovered, just one bond between them. The bleak shadow of the land system lay over them both, and, except that there was more to destroy and that it will take a longer time to destroy it, I have tracked its same hateful path of havoc through those smiling plains as among the defenceless cottiers of the Galtees. It devours capital, it withers up the fruits of the earth, it preys upon all that industry creates, it paralyses enterprise, it stamps the iron into men's souls, here as well as there. The difference is that there is a little more power of resistance, but a great deal more plunder for overcoming it. It is only after ravening such luscious morsels as it finds here that the vampirelike spirit of the system takes to feeding upon the garbage of the mountains. To show you that this is no idle rhetoric, let me here set forth in brief the condition of Limerick farming at this late hour of the nineteenth century : — Little more than one-twentieth of the rich surface of the county under culture of any kind ; the rest I given over to the raising of unsaleable cattle andof butter which does not pay for its mak ing; thousands of small farms extinguished to make room for same ; thousands of acres more rushing back into wilderness ; cultivation forbidden under a penalty ; £300,000 of reserved capital spilled out to cover the losses of four losing seasons and keep ab sentee landlords in their pampered mag nificence ; the margin of reverses now almost obliterated ; ruined crops, heavy debts, idle markets, and unabated rents screwed up with fines beyond the fee-simple value in the days of the land madness. I confess I am not greatly concerned that the trade of the 'big graziers' is gone or going. There is another excrescence upon the farming sys tem which I find prevailing extensively here, and with which I cannot honestly profess much sympathy. That is, as distinguished from dairy farmers, the class of landless dairymen who hire the produce of the far mer's stock b}7 the year at so much per cow (generally speaking, at from £11 to £12 10s), and at the end of the year, with the butter, and calf, make off with their winners. The plan has not only the convenience of taxing highly rented farms with the support of two sets of families, but ttie further and still more demoralising effect of idling the farmer and teaching him to depend upon ! a sort of lazy gambling speculation lor his bread. It is estimated 011 all hands that losses of £2 or £3 per cow this year will rule the Limerick dairymen for evermore out of the running. Few can de plore the result who will most heartil}7 deplore the rough and cruel means. But my concern is with the masses of the work ing, struggling, hard-pressed farmers of from one to fifty acres, who are still as 10,500 is to 16.500 of the entire number of holders in the county ; who are mostly dairy farmers because they are forbidden to be cultivators ; and as to whom I will devote this letter to showing (a) that the highest skill in butter-making, operating upon the best soil, and with the least expensive means, has not sufficed to save them from universal dead loss in this year's balance-sheet ; and (b) that in the cases of many of them cruel seasons and falling markets are not as heavy curses as that spirit of aggressive and meddlesome landlordism which drains their blood and blights their spirit. The proposition is easily proven, and would not need proving at all if it were not that land agents have clutched at the advance in the price of: butter within a few weeks of the close of tho season as a proof of the pros perity of the trade, just as they are gloating over every sheaf of grain with a yellow look about it as a proof of the abundance of the harvest. You can see at a glance from this eloquent little table how the prices of the very best salt butter have stood in the butter market of this thriving town ; and from the very best you can easily differentiate the bads and the middlings : — 1877\. 1878. 1879. per cwt per cwt per cwt. July ... 112s. 98s. 70s. August ... 110s. 103s. 74s. Now, if you will bear with me for a few dry sentences, I hope to show you by actual figures, prepared and checked by the very best authorities, that at the prices and at present rents, butter-making is a ruinously losing game. The cost of keeping and feed ing cows in a rich dairy district like this will be very moderately represented at £12 10s a year per cow, made up as follows ; — Interest on capital (supposing the cows to have been bought at £15 apiece, and the cost of churn ing machines and other plant to be covered by £2 more) say 15s per cow ; wear and tear by deaths, exchanges, &e.;, £2 per cow ; acre and a half (frequently two acres) of grazing at £2 10s per acre, £3 15s. ; a ton and a half of hay at £2 per ton, £3 ; one dairymaid per 10 cows at £12 for her wages and £8 for her support, £2 per cow ; and one man in charge at £24 a year, say £1 per cow. Against this £12 10s. (which omits the price of salt, of coal, and of firkins) has to be set simply the price of the butter and of the calf, with whatever the milk might have in the pig-feeding account (which would show equally disastrously if I were to detail it). Even suppos ing a calf per cow, its present value in numbers of instances w hich I have come across would be be but £2 10s., from which 10s, has to be deducted for meal and pollard. Iam afraid that two 3qr. firkins of butter per cow is a far too liberal allowance for this year's make ; but taking that as the yield, and averaging now the prices actually ob tained in different months by different nersons who have exhibited to me their re turns, I am afraid 50s. is an extravagant rather than anunder-estimate of the mean price of ordinary salt-butter— making a total of | £4 10s. against this gigantic outlay— in other words, even striking out altogether the items for labour (with which, in a commercial sense, the producer should bo properly debited), supposing (as has, indeed, become the case even on farms of eighty or ninety acres), that the farmers' daughters are his dairy maids and his sons his herds — there still re mains in ineffable black and white a loss of £5 per cow upon the year's transactions. And remember that in striking the average I have made due allowance for the last few weeks' recovery of prices and for tho likeli hood of their continuance, without forgetting, though, as some of the landlords' clumsy friends seem to do, that the make of butter is five-sixths over, and that contempo raneously with the late fillip in prices has come the first withering breath ox winter to burn and brown and shrivel up the grass. Those whose faces were not ground in better years may have courage and resource left to grapple even with losses like these. For those to whom good years brought only extortion, bad years can bring nothing but ruin. Unluckily, there are not many spots in Ireland where the ogreish side of Irish landlordism, or rather Irish landagency — its itching for small coin, its envious rapacity, its affectation of despotic airs — is displayed in more unlovely forms than in this very neighbourhood. In stepping forth to whip it, let me not be understood. I make no war upon the landlord as a class. I feel most sincerely that it is a time of bitter trial for them as well as for their tenants. It is not their fault if the system to which they were born is an obstruction and a curse. In Limerick as everywhere else, the majority of the landlords are iilogically good. They voluntarily lay down the arms of injustice which the law put into their hands, and in the teeth of all the laws of the land and of right reason remain obstinately just. Bat they do so by violating the system, not by practising it. Let us see how these things are managed by bolder practitioners. I have heard, for example, of a gentleman who, having amassed a fortune by money lending (banking, the gods call it), invests some 4,000 of it in purchasing the life interest of a needy old nobleman. The place being heavily encumbered, if this nobleman, being very old and very infirm, should have taken it into his head to die, the speculation did not seem to be a very promising one. But, then, there were a number of leases on the eve of expiring, and if the old gentleman should only survive until they expired, why then an astute speculator could discern some chance of turning an honest penny. Chance favoured the brave. The poor eld peer survived, the leases dropped, two of the lessees, whose family had dwelt in the neighbourhood for genera tions, were dispossessed without the smallest reason or ceremony ; their rich lands became the new life-proprietor's own ; another of the lessees, who had sunk into arrear, was con soled with a viaticum on his way to America, and the remainder were permitted to remain as tenants-at-will, upon payment of handsome fines, although the clever gentleman who extended to them this mercy could offer them no guarantee whatever that, upon the death of the old noblemen in the morning, the tenant-in-tail might not commence once more the process of blood-letting thus ingeni ously initiated upon the corpus ?vile of an Irish tenantry. The experiment was a stroke of genius. Then again, in another part of the county, a widow, with a very large family, is bereft of her husband. One would suppose that were sufficient calamity for a spell. But the lease has expired with his death, a practised agent, deeply skilled in the art of raising f-. udal ' benevo lences in all the depression of this fearful time he had the courage of his convictions ; a heavy fine is ordered to be levied for a renewal of the lease, and at this moment the fate of the widow and her sixteen children — cruelly _ afflicted enough already— hangs poised in the balance — whether she shall submit to terms that will beggar her, or be driven from under the roof her husband built, from out the fields which he toiled all his lifetime to reclaim. The system of forced loans, which the English barons re° sisted with their blood when it was tried by their Sovereign, is bad enough in j-11 n/m. science in the broad nineteenth century ; but what will be said of a custom separated by the absence of immorality alone from the most odious feudal pretension of all ? Will it be believed that upon at least one great estate, the tenant who is unlucky enough to have no son must have the agent's consent before his daughter dares to marry ? Of all the obstructions, of the course of true love which poet or romancist ever dreamed of— irascible papas, matter-of- fact ma mas, rank, interest, jealousy, or what not — nobody exoept an Irish agent has as yet thought of putting a god of lire to flight by a bailiff from theestate office. Fancy Phyllis in the aims of her Corydon, lipsing that tender, thrilling tale which was first breathed in the cedared alleys of Eden, her bosom heaving, her cheeks flushing, rosy-red, her lips murmuring softly, 'Ask— the agent!'' Fancy Corydon in his Sunday best, shuffling sheepishly into the rent-room office to pep the question, and trotting out his means, his title-deeds, and his shapes, like a suspected steed under the' critical eye of a vet. Fancy being accepted by your lady-love and re jected by the omnipotent agent! You need not exert_ your fancy, it is the bare and bitter reality of life, I was informed of one. case where an exceedingly eligible party has been for several months imploring the a«--nt, in vain to say the word. The day upon which I visited the district tho poor young folk were one 0 more (metaphorically speak ing, ii not really) on their knees before their obdurate master ; and I am afraid there is. still doubt whether their little romance will eud in the proper three-volume-novel denoue»- ment. I will not comment 011 this system.. Take still another little development of Limerick landlordism. Tliere are two extensive rural parishes not far from Kilfinane, which are almost entirely owned by two great Protestant proprietors. The priests of these two parishes are obliged to reside outside their parishes — two of them at a distance of two miles fx'oni their nearest parishioners — because they can not procure a residence anywhere or upon any terms within the boundaries of their parishes, although several desirable houses 'which were denied to them are scattered over these estates. These are all examples of frisky depotism, as it were, at play. Let lis examine a little of its more serious work. Some miles novtli^ oli this town, in a vein oi' indifferent land, lies a small estate split; into three dairy farms. Within the last couple of years the rents have been swept up at heroic strides. One tenant of 70 Irish acres, whose rent used be the respectable figure of £2 2s per acre or £24.9 (the poor law valuation being £106), was loaded with an increase of 9s per acre, that is to say, £180 instead of £149. Another, whose valuation for 42 acres is £64 15s, had his rent raised from £75 12s to £112. The third, a widow, whose 30 acres used to bear the enormous rent of £2 10s an acre, was foived to pay £SS where she had paid £76 before. Here are tenants of the very highest respectability, skill, and indus try. Their tale of utter despair was one of the most pitiful I ever heard. They exhi bited to me from their own books the utter wreck of all their little argosies. Butter short nearly a firkin ; losses of between £3 and £4 per cow ; some of their calves dead, others on their hands unsaleable ; their po tatoes so rotten as not to repay the digging ; their upland hay rubbish ; their scanty scraps of cereals worth little more than the expense of sowing and saving them, their rents unpaid and not by auy possibility to be paid, for the best of all reasons ; their servants dismissed every one ; their neat looking wives and daughters doing the whole labour of the household, of the dairy, even of binders in the fields ; themselves in their flannel jackets, reaping-hook or spade in hand ; their thoughts running from one desperate net of losses to another, like trapped prey. Note. — I am informed that since the day I visited this district — I do not mean for a moment to imply post hoc ergo propter hoc — the proprietor paid a personal visit to the estate, and allowed abatements, equivalent to a remission of the amount to which the rents had been in creased ; but from all that I have seen and heard, I have misgivings that the grace has come too late. And now let me give you one last specimen of tho fine art of agency — per- haps the most extraordinary of all. Close to this ancient town, l he scene of so much vanished splendour and so much living enter prise and vigour, the farm, upon which the stately ruins of the Dominican Abbey stands as Cromwell's wreckers left them, is tenanted by a widow of the very highest respectability. Upon a holding of 25 Irish acres, the poor law valuation of which is £60, the rent was raised from £90 to £96, being in round num bers an impost of £1 per acre all round, in cluding at least two waste acres which are covered by the ruins, the river-bed, and the ' road ! Across the road, upon the property of a middleman who is not likely to lavish his land at a sacrifice, the rent is £2 10s per acre upon land which is not one whit less deep and creamy pasture. This poor woman has struggled with more than the courage of a man against this merciless load of rent which is yearly pressing her deeper and more deeply ' down. I saw her acre and a half of oats, and in poverty, in greenness, in weedincss it would have done discredit to the Galtees. There are portions of the farm which would . yield a richer return to cultivation ; but she durst not break ground without the agent's fiat, and after that almighty nod was for a few seasons vouchsafed the permission was suddenly and finally recalled, for fear of wounding the place s reputation as a grazing ground. Here, therefore, with her sixteen cows and their depreciated. produce, pressed by debts and losses, this woman, who supports a large family upon the most meagre fare, who dresses as humbly as a peasant woman, who keeps no servant, who herself and her chil dren toil from daylight to dark in the most menial offices, has to squeeze and borrow, and pinch, and fret to raise the bloated revenue of £4 an acre for a man who does nothing for the land. Her eldest son is, it appears slipping into decline. 'It killed the father,' she said, gloomily, ' this weary struggle, and I am afraid it will kill the son.' . Is there no possibility that the system under which things are possible may first die the death ? 