THE NOVELIST. MARY MARSTON, BT DR. GEORGB MA.CDONALD. CHAPTER VII. DUENMBLLING. In the autumn, Mr. Mortimer, of Durnmelling, resolved to give a harvest home to his tenants, and under the protection of the occasion to invite also a good many of his neighbours and of the townsfolk of Testbridge, whom he could not well ask to dinner: there happened to be a political expediency for something of the sort. America is not the only country in which ambi tion opens the door to mean doings on the part of such as connt themselves gentlemen. Not a few on whom Lady Margaret had never called, and whom she would never in any way acknow ledge again, were invited; nor did the know ledge of what it meant cause many of them to decline the questionable honour—which fact carried in it the best justification of which the meanness and insult were capable. Mrs. War dour accepted for herself and Letty; but in their case lady Margaret did call, and in person give the invitation. Godfrey positively refused to accompany them. He would not be patro nized, he said; " — and by an inferior," head d to himself. Mr. Mortimer was the illiterate son of a literary father who had reaped both money and fame. The son spent the former, on the strength of the latter married an earl's daughter, and thereupon began to embody in his own behaviour his ideas of how a nobleman ought to carry him self; whence from being only a small, he be came an objectionable man, and failed of being amusing by making himself offensive. He had never manifested the least approach to neigh bourliness with Godfrey, although their houses were almost within a stone's throw of each other. Had Wardour been an ordinary farmer of whose presuming on the acquaintance there could have been no danger, Mortimer would doubtless have behaved differently; bat as Wardour had some pretensions—namely, old family, a small, though indeed very small, property of his own, a University edncation, good horses, and the habits and manners of a gentleman—the men scarcely even sainted when they met. The Mortimer ladies, indeed, had more than once remarked—bat it was in solemn silence, each to herself only—how well the man sat, and how easily he handled the hunter he alwaya rode; but not once.nntil now had so mnch as a greeting passed between them and Mrs. Wardour. It was not therefore wonderful that Godfrey should not choose to accept their invitation. Finding, however, that hiB mother was distressed at having to go to the gathering without him, and far more exercised in her mind than was needful as to what would be thought of his absence, and what excuse it would be becoming to make, he resolved to go to London a day or two before the event, and pay a long-promised visit to a clerical friend. The relative situation of the houses—I mean the etone-and-lime houees—of Durnmelling and Thornwick, was curious; and that they had at one time formed part of the same property, might have suggested itself to any beholder. Durnmelling was bnilt by an ancestor of God frey's, who, forsaking the old nest for the new, hsd allowed Thomwiok to sink into a mere farmhouse, in which condition it had afterwards become tbe sole shelter of the withered fortunes of the Wardours. In the hands of Godfrey's father, by a continuity of judicious cares, and a succession of partial resurrections, it had been restored to something like its original modest dignity. Dnrnmelling, too, had in part tunk into ruin, | and had been bnt partially recovered from it; still, it swelled important beside its antecedent Thornwick. Nothing but a deep haha separated the two bouses, of which the older and smaller j occupied the higher ground. Between it and the haha was nothing but grasB—in front of the house one enough and well enough kept to be called lawn, had not Godfrey's pride refused'the word. On the lower, the Durnmelling side of the fence, were trees, shrubbery, and outhouses —the chimney of one of which, the laundry, gave great offence to Mrs. Wardour. when, as eke said, wind and wash came together. But, although they stood so near, there was no lawful means of communication between tbe houses except the road; and the mile that implied was seldom indeed passed by any of the unneigh bourly neghbours. xne tamer ot may Margaret wouia at one time have purchased Thomwick at twice its value; but the present could not have bought it at half ite worth. He had of late been losing money heavily—whence, in part, arose that anxiety of Lady Margaret's not to keep Mr. Bedmain fretting for his lunch. The house of Durnmelling, new compared With that of Thomwick, was yet, as I have indi cated, old enough to have passe 1 also through vicissitudes, and a large portion of the original structure had for many years been nothing better tban a.ruin. Only a portion of one side of ite huge square was oocupied by the family, and the rest of that side was not habitable. Lady Margaret, of an ancient stock, had gathered irom it only pride, not reverence; therefore, while she valued the old, she neglected it; and wbat money she and her husband at one time spent upon the house, was devoted to addition and ornamentation, nowise to preservation or restoration. They had enlarged both dining room and drawing-rooms to twioe their former size, when half the expense, with a few trees from a certain outlying oak-plantation of' their own, would have given them a room fit for a regal assembly. For, constituting a portion of the same front in which they lived, lay roofless, open to every' wind that blew, its paved floor new and then in winter covered with snow—an ancient hall, - whose massy south wall was pierced by three lovely windows, narrow and lofty, with simple gracious tracery in their pointed heads. This hall connected the habi table portion of the house with another part, less ruinous than itself, bat containing only a few rooms in occasional use for household pur poses, or, upon necessity, for quite inferior lodgment. It was a glorious rain, of nearly a hundred feet in length, and abont half that in width, the walls entire, and broad enough to walk round upon in safety. Their top was accessible from a tower, whioh formed part of the less ruinous portion, and contained the Btair and some small rooms. Once, the ball was fair with portraits and armour and arms, with fire and lights, and state and merriment; now the sculptured chimney lay open to the weather, and the sweeping winds bad msde its smooth hearthstone clean as if fire had never been there. Its floor was covered with large flags, a little broken: these, in prospect of the coming entertainment, a few workmen were levelling, patching, replacing. For the tables were to be set here, and here there was to be dancing after the meal. It was Miss Yolland's idea, and to her was committed the responsibility of its preparation and adornment for the occasion, in which Hesper gave her active assistance. "With coloured blankets, with carpets, with a few pieces of old tapestry, and a quantity of old curtains, mot Uy of chintz; excellent in hnes and design, all cunningly arranged for as much of harmoDy as could be had, they contrived to clothe the walls to the height of six or eight feet, and so gave the weather-beaten skeleton an air of hospitable preparation and respectful reception. The day and the hoar arrived. . It was a hot autumnal afternoon. Borne in all sorts of vehicles, from a carriage and pair to a taxed cart, the guests kept coming. As they came, they mostly scattered about the place. Some loitered on the lawn by the flower-beds and the fountain; some visited the stables and the home farm, with its cowhouses snd dairy and piggeries; some the neglected greenhouses, and some the equally neglected old-faBhioned alleys, with their clipped yews and their moss-grown etatnes. No one belonging to the house was anywhere visible to receive them, until the great bell at length summoned them to the plentiful meal spread in the rniued hall. " The hospitality of some people has no roof to it," Godfrey said, when he heard of the preparations. "Ten people will give you a dinner, for one who will offer you a bed and a breakfast." Then at last their host made his appearance, and took the head of the table: the ladies, he said, were to have the honour of joining the company afterwards. They were at the time— but this he did not say—giving another stratum of Booiety a less ponderous,-but yet tolerably substantial refreshment in the dining-room. By the time the eating and drinking were nearly over, the shades of evening had gathered, but even then some few of the farmers, capable only of drinking, grumbled at having their potations interrupted for the dancers. These were presently joined by the company from the honse, and the great hall was crowded. Much to her chagrin, Mrs. Wardour had a severe headache, occasioned by her working half the night at her dress, and was compelled to remain at home. Bnt she allowed Letty to go without her, which she would not have done had she not been so anxious to have news of what she conld not lift her head to see: 9he sent her with an old servant—herself one of the invited guests—to gather and report. The dancing had begun before they reached the hall. Tom Helmer had arrived among the first, and had joined the tenants in their feast, faring well, and making friends, such as he knew how to make, with everybody in his vicinity. When the tables were removed, and the rest of the company began to come in, he went about searching anxiously for Letty's sweet face, but it did not appear; and when she did arrive she stole in without his seeing her, and atood mingled with the crowd about the door. It was a pleasant sight that met her eyes. The wide Bpace was gaily illuminated with coloured lamps, disposed on every shelf, and in every crevice of the walls, some of them gleam ing like glowworms out of mere holes; while candles iu sconces, and lamps on the window sills and wherever they could stand, gave a light the more pleasing that it was not brilliant. Over head, the nigbtsky was spangled with clear pulsing stars, afloat in a limpid blue, vast even to awfulneBS in the eyes of such—were any such there ?—as say to themselves that to tbose worlds bIso were they born. Outside, it was dark, save where the light streamed from the great windows far into the night. The moon was not yet up; she would rise iu good time to see the scattering guests to their homes. Tom's heart had been sinking, for he could see Letty nowhere. Now at last, he had been saying to himself all the day, had come his chance! and his chance seemed but to mock him. More than any girl he had ever seen had Letty moved him—perhaps because she was more unlike hiB mother. He knew nothing, it is true, or next to nothing, of her nature; bus that was of little consequence to one who knew nothing, and never troubled himself to know any tbiDg, of his own. Was he doomed never to come near his idol ? Ah, there she was! Yes; it uas she—all but lost in a humble group near the door! His foolish heart—not foolish in that— gave a great bound, as if it would leap to her where she stood. She was dressed in white muslin, from which her white throat rose warm and soft. Her head was bent forward, and a gentle dissolved smile was over all her faoe, as with loveliest eyeB she watched eagerly the motions of the dance, and her ears drank in the music of the yeomanry band. He seized the first opportunity of getting nearer to her. He had scarcely spoken to her before, butj that did not trouble Tom. Even in a more oeremonious assembly that would never had abashed him; and here there was little form, and much freedom. He had, besides, confidence in his own carriage and manners—which indeed were those of a gentleman—and knew himself not likely to repel by his approach. Mr. Mortimer had opened the dancing by leading out the wife of his principal tenant, a handsome matron, whose behaviour and expres sion were such as to give a safe, home-like feeling, to the - shy and doubtful . of the company.' But Tom knew better than in jure his chance by precipitation: he would wait until the dancing was more general. and the impulse to movement stronger, j and,£then offer himself. He stood, therefore, near Letty for some little time, talking to every body, and making himself agreeable, as was his wont, all round; then at last, as if he had just caught sight of her, walked up to her where she stood flashed and eager, and asked her to favour him with her band in the next dance. By this time Letty had got familiar with his Eresence, had recalled her former meeting with im, had beard his name spoken by not a few who evidently liked him, and was quite pleased when he asked her to dance with him. In the dance nothing but commonplaces passed between them; but Tom had a certain pleasant way of his own in saying the commonest, emptiest things—an off-hand, glancing, skim ming, swallow-like way of brushing and leaving a thing, as if he " could an' if he would," which made it seem for a moment as if he had said something: were his companion capable of dis covering the illusion, there was no time; Tom was instantly away, carrying him or her with him, to something else. But there was better than this— there was poetry, more than one element of jit, in Tom. In the presence of a girl that pleased him, there would rise in him a poetic atmosphere, full of a rainbow kind of glamour, which, first possessing himself, passed out from him and called up a similar atmosphere, a similar glamour, about many of the girls he talked to.' This he could no more help than the grass can help smelling sweet after the rain. Tom was a finely projected, well-built, un finished, barely furnished house, with its great central room empty, where the devil, ooming and goiBg at his pleasnre, bad not yet began to make any great racket. There might be endless embryonic evil in him, but Letty was aware of no repellent atmosphere about him, and did not shrink from hia advances. He pleased her, and why should she not be pleased with him ? Was it a fault to be easily pleased ? The truer and sweeter any human self, the readier is it to be pleased with another self—save indeed some thing in it grate on the moral sense: that jam through the whole harmonious hypostasy. To Tom, therefore, Letty responded with smiles and pleasant words, even grateful to such a fine youth for taking notice of her small self. The sun had set in a bank of cloud, which, as if he bad been a lump of leaven to it, immedi ately began to swell and rise, and now hung dark and thick over the still, warm night. Kven the farmers were unobservant of the change : their cropB were, all in, they had eaten and drank heartily, and were merry, looking on or aharirgin the multiform movement, their eyes filled with light and colour. . Suddenly.came a torrent sonnd in the air, heard of few and heeded by none, and straight into the hall rushed upon the gay company a deluge of rain, mingled with large, hilt-melted hailstones. In a moment or two scarce a light was left burning, except those in the holes and recesses of the walls. The merrymakers scattered like flies—into the house, into the tower, into the sheds and stables in the court behind, under |the tress in front—anywhere ont of the hall, where shelter was none from the perpen dionlsr, abandoned downponr. At ^ie moment Letty was dancing with Tom, and her hand happened to be in his. He elapsed it tight, and, as quickly as the crowd and the confusion of shelter-seeking would permit, led her to the door of the tower already mentioned. But many had run in the same direction, and already itB lower story and stair were crowded with refugees—the elder bemoaning the sudden change, and folding tight around them what poor wraps they were fortunate enongh to have retained; the younger merrier than ever,^not withstanding the cold gnsts that now poked their spirit-arms hither and thither through the openings of the half-rninous building: to them even the .destruction of their finery was but added cause of laughter. But a few minntes before its freshness bad been a keen pleasure to them, brightening their consciousness with a rare feeliDg of perfection: now crushed and rnmpled, soiled and wet and torn, it was still f nel to the fire of gaiety. Bat Tom did not stay among them. He knew the place well; having a turn for scrambling, he had been all over it many a time. On through the crowd, he led Letty np the stair to the first floor. Even here were a few couples talking and laughing in the dark. With a warning, by no means unneces sary, to mind where they stepped, for the floors were bad, he passed on to the next stair. "ILet ns stop here, Mr. Helmer," said Letty. " There is plenty of room here." "I want to show yon something," answered Tom. '" Ton need not be frightened. I know every nook of the place." "lam not frightened,"said Letty,and made no farther objection. At the top of that stair they entered a straight passage, in the middle of which was a faint glimmer of light from an oval aperture in the fide of it. Thither Tom led Letty, and told her to look through. She did so. Beneath lay the great gulf, wide and deep, of the hall they had jnst left. This was the little window, high in its gable, through which, in far-away times, the lord or lady of the mansion conld oversee at will whatever went on below. The rain had ceased as suddenly as it came on, and already lights were moving about in the darkness of the abyss—one, and another, and another, was searching for something lost in the harry of the scattering. It was a waste and dismal show. Neither of them had read Dante; bnt Letty may have thonght of the hall of Bel ehazzar, the night after the hand-haunted revel, when the Medes had had their will; for she had bnt lately read the story. A strange fear came upon her, and she drew back with a shudder. "Are yon cold?" said Tom, "Of course you must be, with nothing but that thin muslin! Shall I ran down and get you a shawl ?" "Oh,no! do not leave me, please. It's not that," answered Letty. "I don't mind the wind a bit; it's rather pleasant. It's only that the look of the place makes me miserable, I think. It looks as if no one had danoed there for a hundred years." "Neither any one has, I suppose, till to night," said Tom. " What a fine place it would ke if only it had a roof to it! I can't think how any one can live beside it and leave it like that!" But Tom lived a good deal closer to a worse rain, and never SDent a thoneht on it. Letty shivered again. "I'm quite ashamed of myself," she said, trying to speak cheerfully. " I can't think why I should feel like this—just as if something dreadful were watching me! I'll go home, Mr. Helmer," " It will be much the safest thing to do: I fear you have indeed caught cold," replied Tom, rejoiced at the chance of accompanying her. 111 shall be delighted to see you safe." "There is not the least occasion for that, thank you," answered Letty. " I have an old servant of my aunt's with me—somewhere about the place. The storm is quite over now: I will go and find her." Tom made no objection, but helped her down the dark stair, hoping, however, the servant might not be found. As they went, Letty seemed to herself to be walking in some old dream of change and deser tion. The tower was empty as a monument, not a trace of the crowd left which a few minutes before had thronged it. The wind bad risen in earnest now, jmd was rushing about, like a cold wild ghost, through every cranny of the desolate plaoe. Had Letty, when she reached the bottom of the stabs, found herself on the rocks of the seashore, with the waves dashing up against them, she would only have said to herself, "I knew I was in a dream!" But the wind having blown away the hail cloud, the stars were again shining down into the hall. One or two forlorn-looking searchers were still there; the rest had scattered like the gnats. A few were already at home; some were harness ing their horses to go, nor would wait for the man in the moon to light his lanthorn; some were already trudging on foot through the dark. Hesper and Miss Tolland were talking to two or three friends in the drawing-room; Lady Margaret was in her boudob, and Mr. Mortimer smoking a cigar in his study. Nowhere could Letty find Susan. She was in the farmer's kitchen behind. Tom suspeoted as much, but was far from hinting the possibility. Letty found her cloak, which she had left in the hall, soaked with rain, and thought it prudent to go home at once, nor prosecute her search for Susan further. She aecepted, therefore,Tom's re newed offer of his company. They .were just leaving the hall when a thought came to Letty: the moon suddenly appearing'above the horizon, had put it in her head. ' " Oh," she cried, " I know quite a short way home! and, without waiting any response from her companion, she turned, and led him in an opposite direction, round, namely, by the back of the court, into a field. There she made for a huge oak, which gloomed in the moonlight by the sank, fence parting the grounds. In the slow strength of its growth, by the rounding of I its bole, and the spreading of its roots, it had so rent and orambled the wall as to make through it a little ravine, leading to the top of the haha. When they reached it, before even Tom saw it, Letty turned from him, and was up in a moment. At the top she turned to bid him good-night, but there he was, close behind her, insisting on ; seeing her safe to the house! «Is this the way you always come ?" asked Tom. " I [never was on Dornmelling land before," answered Letty. " How did yon find the short-cut, then ?" he asked. " It certainly does not look as if it were much used." " Of course not," replied Letty. " There is.no communication between Dnrnmelling and Thorn wick now. It was all onrs once, thongh, iGonsin Godfrey aays. Did you notice how the great oak sends its biggest arm over our field ?" " "Yes." " Well, I often alt there under it, when I want to learn my lesson, and can't rest in the house; and'that's how X know of the crack in the haha." She said it in absolute innocence, bnt Tom laid it np in his mind. "Are you at lessons still P" he said. "Have yon a governess ?" " No," she answered, in a tone of amusement; "butCousin Godfrey teaches me many things." This made Tom thoughtful; and little m.re had been said when they reached the gate of the yard behind the house, and she would not let him go a step farther. 