MY DIAMOND STUDS. S[NATIONAL. MAGAZINE, "Diamonds of a most praised' water." PEsIorCS. 'Sist,' said the stranger, I those studs are mine. We' were alone together, face to face. The train was flying on at the rate of thirty miles an hour.: It was already verging towards evening, and we were about halfway between Liege and Brussels. I shrank back into the farthest corner of my little compartment and stared at him. His hair was dark, and hung in long loose locks : his eyes were wild and brilliant; and he wore an ample cloak with a high fur-collar. I thought the man must be mad, and I turned cold all over. 'Did you speak, sir?' I found courage to say. 'I spoke, sir. You wear a set of studs--diamonds set in coldred gold very graceful design - stone. 'o an excellent water ; but-they are not yours.' ' Not mine, sir !' The stranger nodded. I had purchased them only a week before. They captivated me from the window of a jeweller's shop in Berlin; and they cost me-no, I dare not say what they cost me, for fear my wife should chance to see this article. I took out my pocket-book, and handed the bill to the stranger. `Sir,' I said,' be pleased to read this little paper, and convince yourself that the studs are mine, and mine only.' He just glanced it over and returned it to me. 'I see,' he said, shrugging his shoulders, 'that they appear to be yours by right of purchase ; but never theless they belong to me by right of inheritance. I can make this clear to you very easily, if you choose to hear my story ; and no doubt we shall presently contrive some plan by which to settle the question of ownership.' My heart sank within me at the cool certainty of his voice and coun tenance. ' Shall I go on ?' he asked, lighting a cigar. '0 by all means,' I replied. 'I shall be delighted.' He smiled ominously to himself; then sighed and shook his head; passed his finger twice or thrice through his elfin locks ; crossed his feet deliberately on the opposite cushions; and fixing his eyes full upon me, thus began: ' Though a native of Russia and born in St. Petersburgh, I am of Hin doo descent. My grandfather belonged to the province of Hyderabad; but, travelling thence while yet a young man, established himself at Balaghaut, and became a worker in the great diamond-mines commonly known as the mines of Golconda. A grave, silent, unsociable man was my grand father, and little beloved by his fellow miners. The superintendent, however, placed great confidence in him; and by and by, being promoted to the situation of overseer, he married. The only offspring of this union was Adjai Ghosal, my father. The Hindoos, as you must be aware, place a high value upon learning ; and even the poorest evince such a respect for education as would do honour to the working classes of a more enlightened com munity. Of this feeling no man in his position partook more largely than my grandfather. Uninstructed him self, he was ardently desirous that his son should benefit by advantages which, generally speaking, were accessible only to the wealthy ; and in pursuance of this ambition, sent Adjai Ghoul at the age of eleven years to a large native academy at Benares. People wondered at first, and asked each other what the thing meant, and where the overseer found means to do it. ' Have you found a lac of rupees lately?' inquired one. 'Do you intend to make a diamond merchant of the little Adjai?' asked another. But my grandfather only held his peace; and after a time the marvel died away, and was for gotten. And thus eleven more years passed on ; and my father, at the age of twenty-two, was summoned home to Balaghautto receive the last benediction of his expiring parent. He found the old man stretched upon a mat, and almost speechless. ' Adjal,' he murmured,---' Adljai, my son, thou art arrived in time-in good time; for I could not have borne to die without seeing thee.' 'My father pressed his hand in silence, and turned his face aside. ' Adjai,' said my grandfather, ' I have a terrible secret to confide to thee; one which my soul refused to carry to the grave. Canst thou endure to hear it?' My father urged him to speak. 'It is to my own shame to reveal it to thee, Adjai ; but I bow my head to the punishment. My son, I have sinned.' My father became more curious than ever. ' Thou wilt not despise my memory, Adjai?' 'By Brahma, no I' said my father, rai-ing his hand to his head. ' Then hearken.' The old miner lifted himself upon his elbow, and collected all his strength. My father knelt down and listened. ' It happened,' said my grandfather, 'just three-and- twenty years ago, and I was then but a working-miner. ~I chanced one day upon a vein of extra ordinary richness. My son, I was tempted; the evil one took possession of my soul;-I secreted five diamonds. One was incalculably valuable-larger than a walnut, and, as far as I could judge, admirable of water. The other four were about the size of peas. Alas, Adjai From that hour I was a miserable man. Many and many a time I was on the point of confessing the theft; and was as frequently deterred by shame, fear, avarice, or ambition. I married, and a year after my marriage thou wert born. Then I resolved to dedicate this wealth to thee, and thee alone; to educate thee; to enrich thee; to make thee prosperous and learned ; and never, never to profit in my own person by my sin.' 'Generous parentl' exclaimed my father enthusiastically. 'When I took thee to Benares, Adjai,' continued my grandfather, 'I sold one of the four smaller diamonds ; and with this I have defrayed the expenses of thy education. I never spent one fraction of the sum upon' myself ; and some few golden rupees of it are yet remaining.' 'Indeed I' said my father, who was listening with the greatest attention. ' And the rest of the gems ?' 'The rest of the gems, Adjai, thou canst restore when I am gone.' ' Restore !' echoed my father. 'Yes, my child. Thou hast educa tion. It will make thee far happier than the possession of ill-gotten riches; and I shall die in peace, knowing that reparation will be made. As for the few remaining rupees, I think, if thou art not over- scrupulous in the matter, thou mightest almostbejustified in keep ing them. They will help thee to begin i the world.' 'Indeed!' said my father, with a curious sort of smile flitting about the corners of his month. At this moment the old man changed' color, and a shudder passed over him. ' I-I have just told thee in time, Adjai,' he said falteringly. 'I feel that 1 -that I have not. many moments to i live. Come hither that I might give m thee my blessing.' ' My dear father,' said Adjai Ghosal, a ' you have forgotton to tell me where r the diamonds are hidden.' 'True,' gasped the dying man. ' You i will find them, my son-you will find them-but thou wilt be sure to restore r them as soon as I am dead ?' r ' How can I restore them,' said my t father impatiently, ' unless you tell me where to find them ?' STrue-very true, my Adjai. Look, E then, in the roll of matting which I d use for a pillow, and there thou wilt f find the three smaller gems and the s large one. See-see the superintendent n -Adjai-my-my-' I A rapid convulsion, a moan, a heavy I falling back of the outstretched hands, t and my grandfather was dead.' a Th!e stranger broke off abruptly in f his story, and laid his hand upon my o sleeve. i ' And now, sir,' said he, ' what do F you suppose my father did ?' ' Went into mourning, perhaps,' said t I deeply interested. i 'Nonsense, sir. He went to the roll s of matting.' ' ' And found the diamonds ?' F ' Not only found them, sir,' said the f stranger, laying his finger on his nose, f -' not only found them; but--can't you guess ?' ' Well, really,' said I hesitatingly, 'I i -that is-if I should not be offending ] you by the supposition, I should guess v -that he kept them.' ' Kept them, sir ! that's it,' said the c stranger, rubbing his hands trium phantly ; 'and, in my opinion, he was quite right too. Well, sir, to continue. ( As soon as my venerable ancestor had s been consigned to the grave, my father t left Balaghaut for Calcutta ; and em- t barking there on board a Russian r vessel, sailed for St. Petersburg. t Arrived at that city, he consigned the c gems to a skilful artist, by whom they n were cut and polished. Sir, when cut n and polished, it was found that the a larger stone weighed no less than one t hundred and ninety-three carats ! My father knew his fortune was made, and a applied for an audience of the Empress a Catherine II. The audience was i granted, and the diamond shown; but the empress was unwilling to accede to my father's terms; and he, believing that in time he should obtain his price, a suffered the matter to drop ; took a 1 beautiful mansion overlooking the c Neva ; naturalised himself as a Russian subject, under the name of Peter 1 Petroff-ki, and patiently bided his t time. Thus nearly a twelvemonth t passed ; and my father, who had long 3 since parted with the last of his golden rupees, began to feel nervous. The event proved, however, that he had done wi-ely ; for he one morning received a summons to the palace of 1 Count Orloff, and sold his diamond to t that nobleman for the sum of one hundred and four thousand one hun dred and sixty- six pounds, three shil- a lings, and four pence. Count Orloff i was then Catherine's favorite; and to her, on her birthday, he presented this royal gift, some few days after he had made the purchase.' ' Is it possible,' I exclaimed, almost breathless with astonishment.-'?is it possible that these are facts ?' ' Facts 1' echoed the stranger indig nantly. 'Turn to the article on diamonds in any encyclopedia, and convince yourself. Facts, indeed! Why, sir, that inestimable gem now adorns the sceptre of Russia !' 'I beg your pardon,' I said humbly; 1 ' pray gone on, sir.' He seemed vexed, and remained silent; so I spoke again. ' In what year did you say this happened ?' 'In the year, 1772,' he replied, falling back insensibly into his narrative. ' My father now found himself in a position to command immense commer cial influence ; so he embarked a portion of his wealth in the fur-trade, and became in process of time one of the foremost among the merchant princes of Russia. During manyyears he devoted himself utterly to the pursuit of riches; for gold, I must confess, was my father's weak point. At last, when he had obtained a reputation of being at the same time a millionnaire and an irreclaimable old bachelor, he married; married at sixty years of age, just thirty-eight years from the time when he left Balaghaut. The object of his choice was a rich widow, in every way suitable as re garded money and station; an excellent woman, and the best of mothers! I respect her memory.' Here the stranger paused, and wiped his eyes with a very fine cambric handkerchief, which filled the carriage with an overpowering perfume of patchouli. Presently, conquering his emotions, he resumed: 'But for my birth, which took place within two years from the date. of my father's wedding, the newly- created family of Petroffski must have become extinct. As it was, therefore, my appearance was hailed with extrava gant rejoicings. I was christened after my father, Peter Petroffski. My schoolfellows caUed. me Peter the Second. I remember little of my boy hood, excepting that I had always plenty of roubles in my pocket, a pony, a.nd a mounted servant to attend me to and from schoo ; ana plentyof indual gerce from all my., teachers. No boy in the academyy ~layed so many pranks, or was so readily forgiveCn as myself ; but money covers a multitude of sins, especially at St. Petersbunrg. He pause& for a moment, and a question which had long suggested itself to my mind now arose to my lips. ' You have not yet told me,' said I, what your father did with the three smalle diamonds.' 'Sir,' replied the stranger, 'I am coming to that presently.' So I bowed and waited in silence. 'From school I went to college; and, as my father's position excluded me from the college of nobles, I travelled into Germany, and studied for five years at the University of Heidelberg. ' Peter,' said my father, as we parted, 'remember what .a priceless life is yours. Above all things, my darling son, be careful not to injure your health by over-application.' Never was good advice more scrupu lously followed. My studies at Heidel berg were pleasant rather than profound, and consisting chiefly of rowing, drinking, and fighting. By dint of strict attention to these duties I earned myself the rank of a 'mossy-head;' and indeed I may say, thatI graduated in BIavarian beer, and took out my degree in sabre-cuts. At length I reached the age of twenty-one, and returned to St. Petersburg, just in time for my birthday. On this occasion my father threw his hcnuse open for a succession of dinner parties, balls, and suppers. On the morning of the actual day he called me into his study, signi fying that he had something to say and something to give to me. A small morocco case of triangular form was lying on his desk. From the moment I entered the room I felt convinced that it was intended for me ; and my attention, I fear, wandered sadly away from the wise and affectionate discourse which my father (leaning back com placently in his great arm-chair) was pleased to bestow upon me. He said a great deal about the extent of his trade, and the satisfaction of it was to him to have brought up a son who should succeed him in it; informed me that from this day I was to fill the position of junior partner, with amuni ficent share in the yearly profits ; and finally, taking up the morocco case, bade me accept that as an earnest of his parental love. I opened it, and beheld a superb set of diamond-studs. Each stone was a brilliant of the purest water, and about the size of an ordinary pea. Their value, I feel convinced, could not be less than three hundred guineas of your English money. For some moments I was speechless with delight and astonishment, and could scarcely stammer forth a word of thanks. Then my father smiled, and told me the history which I have just related to you. I had never heard any thing of this before. I knew only the common story current in the city, that my father had been a great Eastern merchant before he settled in Russia, and that he had sold a beautiful dia mond to the Empress Catherine many years ago. If, therefore, I had been amazed before, I was now still more so, and listened to the narrative like a man in a dream. ' And now, my dear boy,' said my father in conclusion, 'these diamonds, as I daresay you have already guessed, are the three remaining stones which I took from your grandfather's pillow of matting just sixty years ago.' From this time I led an enviable life. I owned the handsomest droshky, the finest horses, and the smallest tiger in St. Petersburg. My pleasure yacht was the completest that lay alongside the quays of the Neva. My stalls at the opera was next to that of Count Skampsikoff, the great leader of fashion and folly, and close under the box of Prince Ruffantuff, who was at that time one of our most influential nobles, and generalissimo of the Russian army. It was not long before Skamp sikoff and I became the firmest friends in the world; and before six months were over, I was known far and near as the fastest, the richest, and the most reckless scapegrace about town. It was at this period, sir, that I beheld the peerless Katrina.' The stranger paused, as if he ex pected me to be surprised; but finding that I only continued to listen with a countenance indicative of polite atten tion, he looked at his watch, ran at his fingers through his hair, hemmed twice or thrice, and then on with his story. 'You will ask me, perhaps,-who was the peerless Katrina? Sir, she was a a violet blooming upon a rock; a rain bow born out the bosom of a thunder cloud. She was the dream, the poetry, the passion of my life ! Katrina, sir, was the only child ofPrince Ruffantuff, whose name I have already mentioned. Strange that the fairest, the most ethereal of beings should come of so stern a parentage ! As Katrina was the gentlest of women, and the most loving, so was Ivan Ruffantuff the fiercest of soldiers and the severest of fathers. He carried the discipline of the complients of the privacy of his home, and made himself dreaded as much by his household as by his troops. I never saw so for bidding a countenance, or one more expressive of pride and defiance. Gazing upon the delicate creature seated beside him in his box, one wondered how nature could have played so strange a turn, and sought in vain for the faintest trace of apparent con sanguinity between them. Prince Ivan was a giant in stature; Katrina was almost childlike in the graceful slightness of her proportions. Prince Ivan was swarthy of complexion, and his features were moulded after the flat unintellectual type of the Tartar tribes; Katrina's features were regular, classi cal, and Greek. Prince Ivan was proud and cruel; Katrina was loving, in nocent-born for all purposes of tender ness and womanly compassion. What marvel, then, that I loved her ? Loved her, sir, as only few can love---loved her with all the force, and self-abandon ment, and passion, of which man's nature is capable. I had never been in earnest before, but I was in earnest now-hopelessly in earnest, as I well knew; but despair itself fed my love with fresh energy, and obstacles only served to make me more determined. For a long time I loved her with my eyes and heart alone;, as a defotee worships a saint upon an altar. I could but gaze upon her from afar. I had never even listened to the sound of her dear voice, though I would have died only to hear her pronounce my name. Night after night, during the whole opera-season, I sat and watched her from my stall I heard no more of the music than if I had been in Siberia; I grew thin and pale and abstracted; I fell in a listless dreaming mood, and replied at random when spoken to; above all, I wandered like a ghost in and out of the salons and gaming rooms, where I had of late been so eager in the pursuit of pleasure. At last Skampsikoff came -to my rooms one morning, and remonstrated with me upon my unaccountable despondency. (To be continued.) 