CRICKET. BY HILHTE. The result of the mutch, South Melbourne Imperial v Yarra Yarra for Boyle's oup, bus absorbed all Ibo attention in cricketing circles during tbe week.. Iho match being so close at the conclusion of the first day's play tbe Imperial were determined to uso every legitimate means to secure a victory last Saturday. A largo number of persons wit nessed the match, and it may be mentioned, that the Hill was largely represented, especially by tlio members of the Imperial who turned out iu great force, and in ad dition to them, many entiroly unconnected' ' with the club, attended to put a littlo extra confidence in oar boys; their presence I am informed, did have some influence towards the desired effect. The uphill manner in which representatives of the Hill played, has been highly commented upon throughout the I week. In the first innings the Imperial were 4 runs ahead, and last Saturday succeeded in winning the match by six wickets and 2 rims. Xho match Hillside v TJnity for the Emerald Hill Junior Challenge Cup, was commenced and from the start, is evident that the latter club is considerably over matched, and would not stand a ghost of a show. . In the first innings the Unity scored 2S against their opponent 90, iu the second innings the Unity had lost two wickets for 5 runs whon timo was called. Judging from . the present aspect of the gaiue, there is evory appearance of the Unit}' being defeated ia one inning?. I may remind the Hilhide that unless they show a great improvement ia their lieldiug, they will not' finally win tho cup, which they sanguinelv expect to do 90. For tho Juvenile c,u(; tho Britannia (holders) scored 164 against the Imperial, so we may coneludo that another viet >ry will bo added to the holders list., Tho Montague as I pre dicted, defeated the Albert Park easily, tho former scored 143 against the lattcr's 27 rather too severe a defeat. The Defiance secured a victory against the W.Jt. Alberta by about 40 runs. The members of tho , Defiance are. jubilant Ofce their juc-'css, as. , tho .Albefys ",ia Tcdn'3ii}ereda warm opponent t<j clubs of superior, talent. Tho I Domain were beateu by tuo !i;(!.v!sidr, this is auother junior club who Ir'.ve !;<:m defeated by a colt club, which will »;.?> doubt have a tendency tp.lower tho Dignity ol the so eallod junior arena, 'JLlie Emerald neam'ished tho "(jrelbourne) Albion rutin r i<:noii:inioajlj. . 11m continuation of tonveuivirnvti'h HilUido v : Unity will not engross ar.v more interest (ban an ordinary match, own.1;: to thp.one : sided appeara- co ot the match. A few other. Hiatclus have bnea .i:"-r.ngc<l, I,in lii? (hrealeh 'I r\uj, 11 - of tlio VAv;i'-;.<*r,Aviil h;i -'inj'.u.jiulR'.a iorrjudiuial t'fleet Ki 'jo'mt; c: S.1 ^., hi d will. prevent othtr watches from being placed* ' 