NEWS OF THE DAY. Mr. Gladstone has not been long In calling Parliament together. We learn by cablegram that it was opened yesterday, and that the late Speaker, the right hon. Henry Brand, was re elected. The contrast between the action of Mr. Gladstone and that of the Conservative Premier of Victoria suggests itself almost as a matter of' course. Mr. Service post poned the calling of the Assembly together for two months, on the plea that he could not get his measures ready in less time. Mr. Gladstone does not take a week to fix on a policy which is to determine the destinies of the entire British Empire. A meeting of the Executive Council and Cabinet will be held on Tuesday next. At the Cabinet meeting several important subjects are to be dealt with, including nn amending land act, the Yarra bank sites, and the Agent- Generalship. Only business of a routine character was transacted at the public offices yesterday. The Ministers in attendance at their depart ments were the Premier, the Chief Secretary, and the Minister of Railways. The hon. James Macpherson Grant has definitely decided to contest the Speaker ship, and has announced liis intention in a circular to that effect. It is under stood that Mr. Grant would not have come forward had Mr. Lalor's chances of election been better than they appear to some members of the party who are anxious that Sir Charles MacMahon should not be allowed to snatch a victory through default. Nothing definite has yet been decided by tho Government with regard to filling the vacant otfice of Agent-General. In political circles much interest is evinced about the matter, and a number of rumors gained currency yes terday as to the negotiations proceeding be tween the Government and several prominent public men who are regarded as eligible for the post. Among the names mentioned were those of Messrs. Murray Smith, It. S. Ander son, J. J. Casey and Sir Charles Gavan Duffy ; but as regards Mr. Anderson it is authoritatively stated that lie has not even been thought of as a candidate for the office. The selection appears to rest between Mr. Murray Smith and Mr. Casey, and it is more than likely that the latter gentleman will be appointed. The rumor that Colonel Sir An drew Clarke has been appointed Agent- General "in order to save his colonial pension of £S50" is evidently incorrect. Colonel Clarke is now a member of the Council for India, with a salary of £10,000 a year, and is not likely to resign that lucrative post for the comparatively barren honors of the Victorian Agent-Generalship. Moreover, the Victorian pension merges in any Crown salary, and Sir Andrew Clarke has never been out of Im perial employment since lie left Australia, baring occupied successively the position of Surveyor to the Admiralty, High Commis sioner in South Africa, Governor of the Straits Settlements, and Minister of Public AVorks for India. Tenders were opened by the chief clerk of the Railway department yesterday for the Erection of fifteen gatekeepers' houses on the Goulbnrn Aralley Line. Each offer was far the building of three, and it was announced that the lowest were those of Pritchard and Blackwood, at £581 ISs. 9d.; Schimmins, £559; and J. Field, £5S1 12s. 3d. No ac ceptances were notified, and it was stated that the fact that those mentioned were the lowest was no assurance that any would be accepted, as each was much in excess o i the estimate of the department. The B.M.S. Assam sailed from Glenelg for Calle at half-past nine o'clock last night. In accordance with the villanous system of misrepresentation that forms tho basis of tbo political action of the party now in power, a statement appears in a leading paragraph of yesterday's Argus grossly misstating the facts in connection with the J udicature Bill prepared for the late Government. The real facts aro that the late Attorney. General, acting contrary to the precedent set by his predecessor in May, 1877, ot breaking up the type of bills not introduced ou quitting otfice, left in the hands ot the Go vernment Trinter all the bilh that had been drafted since May, 1877. On the 15th of March last, upon accepting tile appointment to the judicature commission, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen called the present Attorney- General's attention to the fact that there was then prepared and printed a bill of 150 pages, embracing not only judicature, but other cognate matters, which bill was still under re vision when he left office. Sir Bryan asked for facilities to have revised copies of the bid struck off at the Government pointing office, for tire purpose of bringing tins bill un der the consideration of the mc-mbers of the commission. The present Attorney-General, after working inquiries, canned the fact to be communicated to Sir Bryan that the Govern ment printer, without any reference to the Crown Law department, had used most of the type of Sir Bryan's bill to set up the various judicature bills slues introduced. It will b» thus seen that there is not the slightest foun- tdation for the statement in the Argus, and the whole calumny is a coinage of the fertile Con servative brain. In the correspondence published by a con- temporary respecting the alleged improper dis missal of a gang nf eight men by Mr. Patter son, the follow:, names are given as being those of the " Castlemaine men" whom the ex- Commissioner of Public Works was said to have engaged to fill the vacant positions : — Dodd, Mussett, Portwine, Bray, Grocock, Clark, Ryan and Clreyne. But it is stated by Air. Patterson, who left office on the 5th March, that Ryan and Cheyne were engaged by Mr. Bent himself on the ISth March. The man Clark was engaged on the followingalav, and the remaining mc-mbers of the gar.g were old enip/oycj of the department, who had been in the service for months before the North Gippsland track party was disbanded. A numerously attended preliminary meeting of authorised surveyors was held yesterday at Oullen's Hotel, A'ictoria-parade, to consider the new regulations issued by the Department of Lauds for the guidance of surveyors, and other matters relating to the profession. The following resolutions were carried unani mously : — 1. " That in tho opinion of this meeting tlie new regulations, in so far as they relate to the assignment of defined districts to certain chosen surveyors, are a gross injustice to those other authorised surveyors who have been passed over, inasmuch as they totally preclude them from earning a livelihood." 2\. " That any surveyor who has ob tained a certificate of competency, and has not been disqualified by any subsequent con duct of his own, should be permitted to do, and have a sliare of, any work that is to be given or obtained in the district in which he resides." 8. " That the Afctorian Institute of Surveyors has failed to promote the cliief ob ject for which it was started, namely, the- protection and improvement of tlie status of the profession, and that steps should be taken to organise an association on a proper basis for that purpose." 4. " That the secretary com municate the foregoing resolutions by circular to the wholo of tho profession, and invite them to attend a meetiug to be held in this place at half-past seven p.m. on Friday, 14th May, for the purpose of considering the sub jects referred to and taking such steps as may be deemed necessary for giving them effect ; that those persons in particular who are de barred from work through the regulations be specially invited to be present, and if unable to do so/ that they be asked to communicate their views by letter before tlie date of meeting." THe honorary secretaries to tlie Irish Relief Fund have received since the last announce ment the sum of £128 ISs. lid., including £70 3s. 3d. from the Row M. Farrelly, being the balance of collection at Seymour, Romsey, Mount AVilliam and Tallaroolc ; £10 Gs. Sa. from the mayor of Richmond, and £10 from Mr. Samuel Gillott, per Mr. D. AVaddick. The total sum now received by the central committee is £20,045 14s. 11 id., and the total for Victoria is now £31,005 14s. Hid. The adjourned application of Joseph Aarons (insolvent) for a certificate of discharge was advanced a further stage in the Insolvency Court yesterday. Air. Braham, as before, ap peared for the insolvent, and Mr. AA'isewould to oppose. Air. Attonborough, solicitor, was examined with regard to the Rose of Denmark mine, which insolvent at one time had stated was worth £25,000, and that if he could sell it he would receive about £10,000. Some negotiations were entered into for the sale of the property, but nothing came of it. The witness nlso stated that he thought the mine would result in a loss to the shareholders. Air. Greenlaw, manager of the Colonial Bank, and Air. John Curtain' wore also examined, the former with regard to the mine, and tlie latter with respect to the furniture which hnd been granted to tlie insolvent. Afr. Greenlaw stated that a certificate of titlo of the leasehold of the mine held by Aarons was lodged by him in the bank as security for a debt he owed to tlie institution. The inino had yielded gold, but at tho present time was not paying. Air. Curtain gave evidence to the effect that the insolvent came to liiin and asked him not to oppose tho granting.of his furniture. Air. W. It. Thomson, of the firm of AI'Ewan and Co., also made a similar statement. Afr. Wise- would called another witness with the object of proving tlie existence bp a bill of the insolvent's for £5725, given as a rfenewal of one for £5614, which had been produced, but respecting which the insolvent hnd on a former occasion sworn it never existed, ur if it did exist that it was a forgery. The coiirt, however, declined to receive evidence respecting the document one way or the other, as it was considered immaterial to the objections raised that the insolvent had not kept proper books of ac count. This closed the evidence for the cre ditors, and a somewhat lengthy argument then took pilace as to whether the insolvent should go into the box and give evidence in supiport of his own case. His Honor, however, ruled that as such a proceeding would render him liable to cross-examination on the part of the other side, lie. could not be called. The juris diction of the court was of a quasi-criminal character, and the cross-examiuation would only be directed towards making the insolvent criminate himself, which, according to law, he could not be placed in the box to do. The further hearing of tlie application wa3 there fore adjourned until Alonday next. The Pilot Board yesterday resumed the in quiry into the causes of the grounding of the R.M.S. Assam in Hobson's Bay on tho 25th February whilst outward bound in charge of Pilot Wauchope. The evidence of Captains Payne and Fullarton was taken, the former gentleman speaking of the position of the Nelson, Lusitania and tho lighter, the light of which was in the fairway, and obliged the pilot to steer a wider course and thus touch the St. Kilda bank, and the lntter as to the alleged shoaling in an easterly direction of that bank. Captain Payne gave it as Ills opinion that when the Assam rounded the Lusitania, and the position of the lighter was discerned, the occurrence might have been averted if the steamer hnd been straightened by tlie letting go of tlie anchor, which would have brought her head to windward, and thus kept her off the bank. Very little time would have been lost in doing so, and the great delay which followed after the grounding and before she was floated again would have been saved. Captain Fullarton stated' that he had sounded the Bay at the bank, and had found that there was.no appreciable alteration in its contour as compared with the indications in Captain Stan ley's chart. Air. Croker, who appeared for the pilot, applied for an adjournment of the in quiry, inasmuch as the evidence which had been tendered was unexpected, and in the interests of his client he desired to call rebutting testi mony. The further inquiry was then post poned till AVednesday at eleven o'clock. Captain AV. H. Saunders was yesterday ap pointed an adjuster of compasses to the Steam Navigation Board of Alctoria. By the steamer Northumberland, which ar rived yesterday from London, two more of Air. AV. APOuUoch's bulls have arrived. They are in first-class order.. An account of them, together with their pedigrees, has already been given. Owing to there being some suspicions cir cumstances connected with a fire which oc curred ou the premises of Alessrs. R. Clarke and Co., drapers, Hotham, nn inquest was held by Dr. Youl yesterday, at tlie liotliam Police Court. The evidence adduced, though circumstantial, tended to show that the fire bad not originated by an accident, but was the result of some person or persons wilfully set ting fire to a paction of the stock. AVlio did it was, however, only a matter of speculation. The statements of the drapers' assistants in the filiop showed that -Air. Clarke had been drinking prior to tho fire, and bad been ob served to be near tiia window in which tlie fire originated a few miuutes before, and ou examination of some of the goods found in the window, Mr. Johnsou, the Government analyst, was of opiiniou that they had been smeared with common kitchen grease. Some of the witnesses deposed that dress goods and blankets all possessed a certain amount of oil or grease in them. The jury, after retiring, brought in a verdict which stated that tho fire had occurred through malice, but did not mention by whom it was shown. Some time ago a fire broke out ill the shop of Louis P. Lee, a watchmaker at Brighton. Like many other fires, which unfortunately are of daily occurrence, the cause of conflagra tion at Mr. Lee's place was what is generally termed a ravsterv. He, however, represented that he was a loser by the fire, and in conse quence the public sympathy was aroused. AVhen he started in business again he was liber ally patronised, and a considerable proportion of the watches in tho district were sent to him for repair. About three weeks ago lie had a number of watches in bis custody for repair, but he suddenly disappeared, and with ilini the watches belonging to i A customers. He left a few of them with a Air. EHis, some of them being placed in his hands for sale. A warrant was obtained for his arrest, and con siderable difficulty was u.\ lericnced ill tracing his wherabonts. "yesterday, however, intelli- -euce was received that he had been arrested m Sydney, and lie will probably be brought back to Melbourne in tlie course of a week. Considerable surprise and dissatisfaction prevail throughout the police force at tho pro- niotion over their heads of a member of the detective force to the last vacant inspector ship, Ths former force numbers about 1100. including a good sprinkling of sergeants nd and in every respect deserving promotion and suitable for the position. The detectives number only thirty, and their routine duties are altogether foreign to those of the police, and their training is quite different. The police murmur at promotions which they con sider are equitably due to themselves, accord ing to precedents and usual practice, being thus transferred to a small body outside their own force. No reflections are made affecting the gentleman appointed, but the principle re ceives general condemnation. The ordinary half-yearly general meeting of shareholders in the Australian Freehold Bank ing Corporation was to, liave been held last evening at the Hall of. Commerce, but owing j to the director! laving been unable, through want of time, to compile the balance-sheet, &e.;, it was postponed until Tuesday, the 13th inst. The first half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the United Australian Alntual Fire Insurance Company (Limited) was held yes terday afternoon. The chairman, Dr. Hearn, M.L.C., congratulated the shareholders upon the satisfactory nature of the business done since tne formation ot tlie company. aney had received a fair share of business, and he acknowledged the co-operation of many of the shareholders in introducing their own in surances. The losses the company had sus tained during that period were only 'nominal. A vote of thanks to the chairman, directors and management concluded tlie meeting. At the City Police Court yesterday Mr. Donald Cameron, late member for West Bourke, appeared as a defendant in an assault ease. The defendant raised no defence, and was fined 20s. with 20s. costs. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Alfred Hospital was held yesterday ; Air. Benjamin in . the chair. In response to a com munication from the secretary of the Alel bourne Hospital the sum of £21 16s. 9d., the proportioned share of the institution towards paying the salary of the inspector of public charities, was passed for payment. The sum of £1760, in connection with the building fund, was ordered to be deposited in the Com mercial Bank at the ' best interest obtainable. Tlie following resolution passed by the admis sion committee was unaimously adopted, via. ; — " That the superintendent be requested to act for one month from 1st Alay, for the admis sion committee, in passing out-patients to the head of the staff, and malting the necessary in quiries, &c.;, as to fitness for charity and keeping record thereof." The state of the house was reported as follows : — Number of inmates on tlie 23rd April, 96 ; admitted since, 27 ; discharged, 24 ; died, 2 ; remaining, 97 ; old patients, 218 ; casualties, 30 ; total, 345. Edmund Morris, 15 years of age, residing in George-street, Fitzroy, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital, yesterday, suffering from severe internal injuries caused by being run over by a spring cart in Napier-street. Steps, we are informed, are being taken to form in Melbourne a Field Naturalists' Club. During the coming week a public meeting will be held at the Athenaeum for the purpose of enrolling members and affording some infor mation as to the objects of the club. The date fixed for the meeting will be duly announced by advertisement in the daily journals. To-morrow the new musical services will be inaugurated at St. Patrick's Cathedral at eleven a.m. In addition to tho permanent soloists, viz., Mrs. Howitz, Airs. Cutter, Mr. Staker and Mr. Aloroney, Aladame Patti, with Mr. De Munck and Signor Cellaj, have very generously tendered their valuable services to the committee. Mr. Otto Linden will accom pany Madame Patti's party on the new grand organ, under the direction of Mr. Alfred Plumpton, the conductor. At the Opera House last evening, Offen bach's Grand Duchess was produced for the first time this season. Mr. Henry Vernon, a gentleman who formerly was well known on the Melbourne stage, reappeared after a lengthy absence in the character of Fritz. The possession of a pleasing style of acting and a moderately appreciable vuioe, of which he made the most, enabled Afr. Yernon to invest tho performance with becoming grace, and he was liberally applauded for liis success. Alias Elsa Alay, the lady who was introduced on Saturday evening in Satanella, under took the representation of the part of the Grand Duchess. and although the music was rendered with marked accuracy, the effort lacked attractiveness by reason of the modified conception formed of the character as compared with the dashing and vivacious por trayal which is regarded as the correct one. Mr. Farley was the General Boom with whom Melbourne theatre-goers are familiar, and with the exception of a rather frequently displayed desire to unduly enlarge upon the part, he was very successful. The other characters were well filled, and as the work will be repeated this evening, a more complete representation may be anticipated. An amateur dramatic and musical enter tainment will be given in the Temperance Hall on Monday evening by members of a certain lodge of the order known as the Royal An- tedilnvian Order of Buffaloes. The enter tainment will consist of the two-act comedy en titled the Bachelor of Arts, and will be fol lowed by a concert and ball. Peep o' Day, with Air. Grattnn Riggs as Barney O Toole, was played for the last time at the Theatre Royal last night. This even ing AH. Riggs will appear in a new piece written expressly for him by Afr. AVybert Reeve. It is a drama possessing Australian interest, and is entitled For Life, or the Foster Brothers. The entertainment, known as the Leviathan Show, contributed to by the Alammoth Alin- strels and the A'ictorian Loltus Troupe, was patronised last night by a large audience. This evening there will be ail entire change ef programme? The Academy of Alusic was crowded last night, when H.AI.S. Pinafore was again suc cessfully performed by the clever troupe of children trained by Airs. Lewis. The operetta will be played as usual to- nigbt. Professor Pepper's entertainment at St. George's Hall, was well patronised last even ing, his Ghost Illusions proving exceedingly interesting. It will be repeated this evening. We have received a specimen copy of a view of the Exhibition-building, published by .Mr. M. Raphael.. It lias been lithographed in their best style by. Alessrs. Chas. Troedel and Co. The annual concert and ball ill connection with the llotliaiu-liill Football Club takes place at the Hotham Town Hall on Tuesday evening next. Messrs. J. H. Walker and Son have forwarded a tin of biscuits called Caledonians. They are nice, but a trifle too sweet, and are said to be very wholesome, and the latest novelty in Eng- land. Tho sports to have been held in the Hurling reserve, Ardcn-strcot, Hothaui, have been post poned till next Saturday, Sth .May, owing to the heavy ruins that have fallen making the ground impossible for the competitors to. run on. In our report of Tuesday's court at St, Kilda it was stated that Edward Brown was fined for disorderly conduct. It was, however, not lie, but his wife, Mrs. Eliza Brown, who was fined for that and indecent language. Air. W. R. Hiddlestone will preach to-morrow at the Baptist Church, Brunswick, and in the afternoon there will be a special service for the young. At the close Mr. Hiddlestone will present the annual prizes to the children of the Sabbath School. \- Professor Du Cann, the ventriloquist and illu sionist, gave his - entertainment, Wonderland, last night, in the Fleminglon Stato school, in aid of the prize fund, and succeeded in amasing a large audience by his feats in ventriloquism and magical uiusion. T he following publications have been received : — From Air. J. J. Burston, the author, Atilton Pursed, a text-book for students in training and uiMriculatiou students. From Afr. AI. L Hut chinson, tt 'e Victorian Publishers' Circular. Also, Jlradshaic's Guide, Sands and Ai fDougail's Diary, Cuiac (a shorthand magazine), Siierar and Gil lespie's ABC time-table. At tho usual meeting of the Carlton Lodge of the Sons and Daughters of Temperance, beld_ in the Carlton Hall, oil Thursday last, the following officers were installed for the ensuing six months : — Bro. A. Stinton, W.P. ; Bro. E. Sheeran, W.A.; Bro. H. Davis, R.S. ; Bro. B. Brothcrton, F. S. , re-elected: Sister R. Hayes, A.F.S., re-elected ; Bro. J. Af'Eutee, C. ; Sister B. Denison, AC.; Bro. D. M. Henderson, W.T., re-elected ; Bro. K. Connell, I.S. ; Bro. J. Bates, O.S. . An eight days' mission in connection with St. John's Church, Footscray, is being. carried on by the Itcv. H. A. Langley, of Pratiran, and not withstanding f-'O iuclcmcut'wcutlier, large num bers assemble/nightly, and a deep impression lias been made ()y the preacher. To-morrow special services willwbe held, when the ltev. B. Roddn and the incumbent will preach ; and on Monday evening the ltev. H. A. Lan-'lcy will conduct the final meeting in tho church, when a thanks giving service will be held. Charles Dickens's thrilling story, entitled The Drunkard's Death, and published as one of the Sketches by lioz, will form the ground work of a spectacular entertainment to bo given this evening at the People's Concert in the Tem perance XIn.fi, Russell-street. The various scenes in the story will be illustrated by tableatue vieants -and musical selections, tho principal characters being sustained by several well known performers, including Alessrs. E. B. ltussell, George Bromley, John Finnamore, W. H, Aletcalfe, Frank Howard and K. L. Davidson, and Aiisscs Llzzio Busiic, Emily Power and Emily Neilson. In .pursuance of a resolution passed by the dis trict officers ot the Independent Order oi Kocha- Utos at their meeting held at Sale last February, a handsomely frame! and engrossed address was presented last night, in tho Temperance Hall, to Bro. William Pell, P.D.C.R. and P.S. Tho sentation was made by the District Chief Rnler, Bro. Andrew Stewart, on behalf of tho district officers, on the occasion of Air. Hell ceasing to be a district ofiicer by his new appointment as per manent secretary, after acting as secretary for the last twelve years. At the same time Air. Bell was presented with an elegnnt electroplated tea service, subscribed for members of the various tents throughout the district. A pnblic temperance meeting was held in the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, on Tuesday evening, in connection with the Alelbourne Total Abstinence Society, and was attended by about 900 persons. The chair was occupied hy Mr. J. L. Dow, ALL A, and Miss Louisa Langhton pre sided at the piano. An address was delivered l>y Mr. H. Kenton, and song3 and duets were contributed by Mrs. Crispin, Alisses Head, Langhton and Afaynard, and a recitation by Afr. GobTe. The Rev. J. H. Shall berg (from Lnunccs- ton) delivered an eloquent and impressive nd- drcss, taking for his subject, War i3 Declared ; en which Side will yon Fight. At tho close of the meeting upwards of twenty persons signed the society s pledge-book. The usnal weekly meeting of the committee of management of tho Immigrants' Aid Society's Home was held yesterday at tho military bar racks, St. Kilda-road ; Air. Thomas Dicksouia me cuair. xae superintendent exaibitea tne medals and certificates awarded at tho Juvenile Exhibition to threo inmate girls, between tbe ages of 12 and 14, for needlework. Their names are Flora AL Francis, Edith E. Francis, and Alary E. Grogan. Tho designs and workman ship were considered by tho committee to be chaste and satisfactory. The state of the lionse was reported as follows : — Re maining last week, 611 ; admitted since, 57 ; discharged, 59 ; died 3 (from general debility — from alcoholic poisoning, Elizabeth Crossley, aged 44 years, native of Devonshire, England ; from morbis cordis, Alexander CunniDgham, aged 44 years, native of Fermanagh, Ire land ; from phthisis, Sarah Brooks, aged 81 years, native of London, England) ; remaining, 316 men, 368 women, and 122 children"; in all 606. At the same time last year there were 314 men, 137 women and 116 children. There are 108 men, 24 women and 15 children sick : 9 men stoncbreaking, 179 oaknm pick ing, Ac., and 20 working outside ; 12 women in the laundry, 16 sewing, 110 hair-teasing, &e.; The nightly average of casuals during the week was 50 males and 3 females. Out door relief was given to 23 families or 82 individuals on present ing the relief cards of tho society. There was a large gathering of Frecmasoqg on Thursday evening in their bail, Lonsdale-strect east, at the annual installation ceremony of the Duke of Sussex Lodge. The W.AL, Bro. Sim mons, opened the lodge, and proceeded to gene ral business. This being ended, ho announced that, his term of offico having expired, ho would call upon P.AL Bro. Parkyn to fill the chair aud act as installing Araster. The W.AL elect, Bro. Rev. Moses Saunders, was then presented nnd duly installed with the following officers to assist him during his term : — Bro. Ratiffmnnn, S.W.; Bro. Burrough, J.W.; Bro. AI'Killop, S.D.; Bro. Levine, J.D.; Bro. Cohen, I.G. ; Bro. Clark, Tyler. Tho' secretary, P.AL Bro. Crew, and the treasurer, P.AL Bro. Fergic, hav ing so creditably filled their offices for several years, were again unanimously elected and duly installed. The ceremony over, both mombOT of the lodge nml visitors were invited to the banquet, for which Bro. Paul again catered satisfactorily. W.AL Bro. Rev. At. Saunders, P.AL Bro Gosling, P.AL Bro. Parkyn, Bro. Rauf- lnann, and Visiting Bros. Goldstein. Harriman, Webb (from South Australia) and Birnie, were very happy in their remarks in proposing nnd responding to various toasts. Several excellent s0i03 and recitations were given by Bros. P.AL Little, P.AL Hart, Hughc3, Al'Carron, and Bro. Pcrraton (who also acted as accompnnist). Special evangelistic services will be conducted to-morrow by Air. Peter Campbell, viz. In tho Protestant Hall, at three o'clock in tho after noon ; and in the Sailors' Home, at seven o'clock in the evening. 