HISTORIC SLANG. How common is the expression, ' O, she is down in the dumps ' — that is, nut of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, nml is supposed to be derived from ' Dumpos, king of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died of melancholy so that the thieves and gipsies are not nil to blame for having given us a few expressive words I We next come upon a word full of pathetic raeaniug for many of us : it is the ghost that bnunts us at Christmas time, and pursues us more or less throughout the new vear — it is the word ' dun.' It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon ' dunan,' to din or clamor. It owes its immor tality — so tradition says — to having been the surname of one Joe Dun, a famous bailiff of Lincoln, in the reign of Henry VII, who was so active and dexterous in collecting bad debts, thnt when anyone 'became slow to pay,' the neighbors used to say, ' Dun him,' that is; send Dun after him. ' Draw it mild,' and ' come it strong,' hnve tbeir origin in music, being tbe . terms used by tbe leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loud or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for exaggeratois and boasters, who are requested either to moderate their statements or to astonish tbeir audience. The word ' coach ' in these days is a painfully familiar one, as parents know who have to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow tbe regulation amount of ' cram ' necessary for competitive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon tbe term ' get ting on fast.' To get ou fast you must take a coach ; you cannot get on fast in learning without a private tutor — ergo, a private tutor ib a coach. Another familiar word in univer sity slang is ' a regular brick,' that is, a jolly good fellow ; and bow the simile is logically deduced is amusing enough. A brick is ' deep red,' so a ' deep-rend ' man is a brick. To read like a brick is to rend until you are deep ' read.' A deep-read man is, in univer sity phrase, a ' good man ; a goon man is a 'jolly fellow ' with non- reading men ; ergo, a 'jolly fellow is a brick.' — ' Chambers's Journal.' 