NEWS OF THE BAY. The war at the Cape still continues, liut the colonists arc using every exertion to stamp out tho rising of the natives in Basutoland. Tliey believe that thoy will bo ablo to do so without appealing to Great Britain for aid, tbo un- sympathetic comments of tbo English press having excited much indignation. An attack by tho Basutos on a convoy near Ma- feting was repulsed with loss. General Roberts has had an enthusiastic recep tion iu England, and is to be presented with tho freedom of the City of London, for his great military services in Afghanistan. In Ireland, a dragoon has beon shot at Baliincollig a small town near Cork. Mr. Parnell, M.P., has applied for a postponement of his trial on the chargo of conspiracy and sedition instituted against liim by tho Crown. A I'ersian forco has been despatched against tho Kurdish tribes who recently committed depredations on Persian territory, and severe fighting has taken placo. The Intercolonial Conference sat again yes terday, at tho Chief Secretary's offices. It was agreed that tho collection of rovenue on the border between South Australia and Victoria should cease, and that a system of permits should bo issned to persons engaged in carry ing on trade between ths two colonies. South Australia and Now South Wales, it was further arranged, will renew the convention that existed somo time ago prior to its being abruptly broken off owing to some misunder standing. South Australia will pay £17,500 a year to New South Walc3 in lieu of duties, v/Iiich will cease to be oolleoted whon tho ar rangements aro perfected. A resolution wa3 passed at tho instance of Sir II. Parkca that tho question of a uniform tariff was so im portant that the subject should receive con sideration at the - conference to be held at Sydney on the 13th of next month. Mr. Berry was authorised to write to "tho other colonies inviting the Governments thereof to send de legates to Sydnoy to join in the deliberations to bo entered upon on tho 13th proximo. During their stay in this colony tho South Australian delegates to the Intercolonial Con ference have oxprcssed their desiro that the moot point regarding tiie ownership of the strip of territory between Victoria and South Australia should bo settled at aa early a date as possiblo. It may be stated, for tho information of those unacquainted with the nature of tho dispute, Uiat when tlio Imperial authorities mapped out the area to be erected 'into an independent colony, they fixed on tho 111st meridian ns tho boundary line between South Australia and Victoria. The survey was made with the ut most caro, tho Governments of tho two colonies being represented on the survey staff. Tho line so determined was mutually accepted as the dividing line. Sinco the survey was mado, by tho aid of better instruments, and the "use of telegraphy, it 'lias been found that the surveyed lino is about one milo and three quartern on tho western side of tho true 1-llst meridian. Tho South Australian Government now desire to fall back on the technical word ing of tho allocation, demanding all that is nominated iu tho bond. But Mr. Berry has pointed out that, in the ab- senco of any natural boundary suoh as a chain of mountains or a river, tho Imperial authorities fixed on tho 11 1st degree of longitude, not that lliero was any virtue in that lino, or that it was necessary to so appor tion the territory, giving each neither moro nor less, hut becauso it was the most convenient geographical division that could be determined upon at tho time. Tho line was taken, ac cepted in good faith, and marked off as accurately as it could be, both colonics being parties lo the lino of demarcation. Tho lino as fixed therefore became tho border by mutual agreement. If these unavoidable. errors are to bo rectified, it has been pointed out, the Mur- riunbidgcc ought to bo given to Victoria as a boundary, for it was a verbal error in the technical description that deprived Victoria of that slice of territory, it being well known that it was tlio intention to fix the Murrumbidgee as tho northorn frontier of Victoria. Tho blunder of a lopograbpor in coufoundiug the two names gave Itiverina to New Soutli Wales, Tlio Chief Secretary last evening entertained the members of tho intercolonial conference at a dinner, given at Parliament House. Mr. Horry was supported on his light by Sir Ilonvy I'arkes, and on bis left by Mr. O. Mhiui, Trea surer of South Australia. Tho guests num bered about sixty, and includod Mr. Berry's colleagues, several members of tho Legislative Council, tho Speaker, andabout thirty members from both sides of tlio Assembij-, together with tho officers of cacli chamber. An ex cellent dinner was served by Mr. Gregory, of tho Parliamentary refreshment rooms. Tho proceedings wore of a purely social nature, tho only toast proposed being that of tho Qeeen. Both the new South Wales and South Austra lian delegates leave this morning, at five o'clock, by special train. The first reading of tlio Land Act Amend ment Bill has been already agreed to pro forma. Its main object is to carry on the land laws as they now exist until the end of ISS, as the present act expires by effluxion of timo at the end of tlio present year. In addition to tho measure being a bill to continue an expir ing law, it enlarges tho facilities for (electors to avail thomselvqs of the benefits provided by tlio Land Act of 1876. That act reduced tho payments to Is. per aero por annum, and ex tended tho terms of liccnco and lease, besides granting other privileges to tho solectors. His Honor tlio Chief Justice of Western Australia, Mr. Hy. Thos. Wrcnfordslcy, was shown over the public buildings yesterday by the Attorney-General, Mr. Vale. Tho number of The Jlluslralcd Australian If cks issued to-day fully maintains tbo repu tation of tho paper. A supplement is given containing tho portraits of tlio Australian eleven, which will be appreciated as a memento of the visit of tbo loam to England. The like nesses aro very good, especially of Murdoch, Spoiforth aud Boyle. A lino engraving is given of tlio Wannon Fulls, near Hamilton, and also an excellent poi trait of tho lute Sir Redmond Barry. Some very interesting sketches of conrts in tho Exhibition, of inci dents on the Cup Day, with a picture of tho winner, a view of tho cnttlo yards at New market, and a representation of the recent in tercolonial howling match, make up a really good number. The Leader directs notice lo a' subject of much importance : — "Somo timo ago wu called attention to the extravagance of Ministers in the matter of special trains ; and having censured the Service Govern ment for their conduct in this relation, it is only fair, to point out that Mr. Patterson Is proving just < as guilty as Mr, G'Uics. .Although there iare four trains a day _ to Ballarat, Sir Henry Parkes must bo pro vided with a special, and tho Governor not only hns another 'special to Will iamst own in moot his son-in- law, but bad tlio offer of a Special train to Queensdiff if lie choso to accept it, in defiance of the fact that such expensive gifts to him are specially forbidden by Act of Parliament. Then wo Jiear that Mr. A. T. Clark, with tho rarao genovous spirit, lias placed tho Alfred Graving Dock and all its appliances at tho disposal of the Orient Company, free of cost, in order that tho Sorata may bo repaired. It would bo interesting to learn what authority the Minis, ter lia3 for making presents of the receipts of bis department to privato perrons, or what there is to distinguish tho Sorata from any other vessol that may come into port. It may be very pleasant for those who aro iu ofiico to act in this lordly manner, but tliey appear to forget filluttiho powers with which thoy havo been entrusted do not extend to benevolences of this character: What they may do with thoir own property is a matter fop themselves, and tliey may lie as munificent as they please out of their own pockets. But thoy havo no right whatever to squander tha public funds in this fastiion at their will and pleasure upon those whom, for ono reason or another, they desire lo placate." Mr. Elcdon, Engineer-in- Chief, left town yesterday to inspect tho routes from Kerang to Elmore and Eaglehnwk, so -as to bo in a position to give cvidenco before tho committee of tho Legislative Council. It is expected a largo amount of professional cvidenco will bo tendered on behalf of the department as to tha various lines, and it is anticipated that na alteration will bo mado in any of the Govern ment proposals. Mr.Patteraon visited the Williams town work shops yestorday, for tho purposo of personally ascertaining whether tho plant was sufficiently abundant to meot the extra pressure that will bo put on the department during tho ap proaching grain season. Everything was foaad to be in excellent order, and tho number of engines and trucks availablo will be ample to meet all requirements. A petition has been presented lo the Legis lative Council by Mr. Jas. Lorimer, from the Richmond town council, praying that evt- deuco bo taken in connection with tho pro posed railway to Alphington, with a view to ascertaining nnd adopting the route through Richmond which has the fewest level eros. sings. The inhabitants' of Richmond object to the route proposed by tbo Minister of Rail ways, on tho ground that there will be about fourteen level crossings within a mile or two, which will cauBo a great interruption to ths traffic, and be otherwise injurious to the town. Tlio Chief Secretary yesterday received a deputation from tho Wimmcra shiro council, who applied that the council bo not required to refund a sum of £1600, which had been over-paid to them. Mr. Berry promised ti re-consider tho caso and communicate bis de cision to the council. He also stated that the present year's subsidy would bo paid to the shire ns usual on condition that ins decision on tlio question of refunding tho overpaid amount w:ts accepted as final. The Sorata, which left Adelaide for Mel. bourne ou Thursday afternoon, passed Cape Wilioughby at six o'clock yesterday proming, a distance of sixty miles. At this rate she Ehould reach Hob3on's Bay on Sunday night, when as soon afterwards as practicable ths will bo taken into tho Alfred Graving Dock, .M' illinmslown, for inspection. It will thou bs determined wliothor she shall bo fully vepaiced here or only temporarily. The Government Statist's monthly report on the vital statistics of Melbourne and suburbs for October has been issued. Tho births of 711 children, viz., 366 boys and 315 girls wero registered, and 383 deaths, viz., 206 of males and 177 of females. The births exceeded the deaths by 323. Tho causes of death were Zymotic diseases, 67 ; constitutional diseases, S3 ; local diseases, 163; clevolopmcnt.il diseases, 50 ; violent deaths, 15. The most fatal diseases wero Phthisis, 00 ; heart disease, &e.;, 22; bronchitis, 18. Under the head of zyuiotio diseases deaths fell Irom 07 in September to 67 in the month under review. The decrease is due to measles, deaths from which fell from 60 to 26. B'rom the period of its first outbreak this complaint has caused 161 deaths in Mel- bnurno aud suburbs. Under tlio bead of local diseases, deaths fell from 101 to 163, the dimi nution being, caused by those from brain dis eases falling from 6S to 56, and thoso from lung affections from 68 to 13. Six deaths in October were set down to tho consequences of childbirth, or 1 death of a mpr W to every 119 births registered. >£ The free-trade organs are never weary o« singing paeans of adulation over Sir Henry Parkes, an tho firm and consistent exponent of their vaunted fiscal policy. Wo commend te thoir attention the following letter, addressed to the editor of tho European Mail : — " Sir,— Apropos to the commendatory notice in page 13 of your issue of tho 8th instant, of what you aro pleased to call tbo 'grand free-trade policy ' of New South Wales, lot mo desiro your attention, aud that of your readers, to the following notification from a Sydney Go- . remmeni Gazette, namely: — 'Department of Public Works, railway branch. Sydney, 11th August, 1SS0. Tenders will bo received at this office until cloven o'clock on Tuesday, the 21th August, 18d0, from persons willling to supply thirty-six railway dating presses, of colonial manufacture. . . — Okas. A. Goodcuaf, Commissioner for Railways.' If this be the sort of free-trade endorsed by the enthusiastic admiration of loading British newspapers, and rewarded with gold medals by the Cobden Club, it is surely time that Cob- don's ghost should ro -visit tho glimpses of tho moon, uot to make night hideous, hut to infsso a littlo fight into tho darkucss iu which his accredited followers and disciples seem to bo getting involved. — I am, Sir, your obedient servant, Willtaii Poiistrr. London, 10th -October, 1880." The Europe/in Mail is re duced to tho necessity of believing that the advertisement is a hoax, or, losing trust in Sir Honry Parkes, to suggest that ho is n 6higgard in the faith. ... Mr. Ruskin, the celebrated art critic, in answer to a letter from the Conservative stu dents of Glasgow Univoisity, regarding his candidature as Lord Rector, replied as follows: x—" What in the devil's name havo you to da with cither Mr. Disraeli or Mr. Gladstone ? You are students at tlio University, and you havo no more business witli politics than you havo with rat-catching. Had you ever read ten words of mine ' with understanding you would havo known that I care no more either for Mr. Disraeli or Mr. Gladstone than for two old bagpipes, with the drones going by steam, but that I liato all Liberalism as I do Beelze bub; and that, with Cariyle, I staud-r-we two alone now in England — for God nnd the Queen." This effusion, never in the fir«t place intended for publication at all, was con sidered hy tho Argus worthy of a special cable message, presumably because it was under stood to convoy a condemnation of Liberal principles. , . Tho section of tho Social Scieuce Congress, devoted to agriculture, horticulture and pas toral pursuits, mat yesterday at Glen's rooms, Collins-street ; Mr, Harris, M.L-A-, in the ohair. A paner wan read by Mr. D. Ilowitz ou Tlie Relative Timber Producing Capabilities of Exotic and Indigenous Trees, in which lie compared tho indigenous and exotic trees with respect to their influence upon the climate, Src. A contribution by Mr. J. Hall, Hastings, on Borne Exotio Trees, was one in which ho principally dealt with the cul tivation of lemon and orange trees, and the tes plant. Mr. A. D. Hunter dealt with thelt.- lisation of Sewage, and throughout hia paper desired lo impress ou tlio public tho fact that by combining tho sanitary with agricul tural interests the saving to the whole com munity would bo very marked. Scientific Agricultural Education, Necessary and res sible, was read by Mr. B. D. Smith, Bnln Col?,' and Agricultural Education by Mr. K. t- Mac! vol- was to havo been road, but lie merely gave a few remarks on tbo subject. A vote of thanks to Baron vou Mue.ler, pro posed by Mr. Maclvor, was lieai tily earned I aud tlireo clioers were cordially given imme diately after for Mr. Maclvor. Mr. Am-lvor theu naid he bad been very badly supported by the committee, and the way they bad treatea liim bad considerably disgusted liiiu. Tenders havo been called for by Lb" Lsnai denartmcnt from duly qualified suoe/ors for effecting selection surveys, in blocks laiigins from 20 to 320 acres, in accordance with tlie regulations of tho Lands department- An examination summons was bold yester day in tbo estate of J. 1'. Higgins an Co., of South Yarrn, railway contractors. cvidenco given was tlio name as that tendered in tlio case of the Provincial and Suivirbin Bank v. Higgins, tried in tho Supreme Court como few months Line-. Joseph I. "'S3'"-' ono of tho iusolvento, said that lis j V' Andrew Wrightin September, 1S73, entered I"1' partnership for the construction or the houm Yarraand Oaklcigh line of railway, that iieitjw of them contributed any capital, bu t that tna Provincial and Suburban Bank undertook to supply tho funds at a stated pereeutcg-. Some further evidence was taken; and tre meeting was adjourned until the 10th «'iUn His Honor Judge Noel granted certificates of discharge to Joseph Benjamin of Melbourne, jewel lor. ; and Clark Squire Lcs, ol Mo- bourne, timber broker. . _ . .Tho proceedings at- tbo City. Police Cofirt ' yesterday .were carried on :rathcr mom -expo- Jltlonsly than under ordinary circumstances, with Mr. Akohurst, P.M., on the bench. There were nearly sixty cases on tho chaige-shoct, including several of a heavy character. These Mr. Akchurst was able to get through with ease befazo five p.m., and remanded hut very few of them. If Jlr. Akehurst's oxamplo is followed by bis brother magistrates no neces sity will occur for sitting so late as has bicn lately the rule. ' Thomas Burrowes, tho man who was ar rested a little over a wcok ago on a charge of stealing a child named James King, was brought before the City Bench yesterday. Tho prisoner, it was proved by a young man pained Chas. Medway, passed by a draper's shop in Lygon-street, Carlton, clos'e by tho bouse of tho father of tho child, the Albion Hotel, with tho boy following him. The child was heard hv the witness to say, "Shall I pome witty— ; xm '!" and Medway, fancying prisoner was a friend of Mr. King's, thought po more of the matter till tho child was re ported missing. Search was made for the boy that day, but it proved fruitless. On tho fol lowing afternoon the prisoner went to a restaurant kept by Mrs. Elizabeth Bowman, in King-street, and asked for a room for him self and tho child, and left, his carpet hag and pwag with her, "promising to call again during the night. Ho had scarcely left when it struck Mrs. Bowman that tho description of the missing child, which appeared in that day's vigc, corresponded with the boy tbo prison sr bad in his possession. She followed bim up tho street, and, meeting Constable Doyle, acquainted him with her suspicions. (The constable went up to the prisoner then, and asked him whoso the child was, and he paid be found him at the Spencer-street station bhat morning. The child, on being questioned, paid that ho slept the previous night with the prisoner. Doylo then took the child and the prisoner up to Mr. King's, where he was recog nised. His clothes wero changed to Eonie ex tent, the braid on the knickerbockers, and a puggaree covering the black hat tho lad was wearing, having been removed ; and for the ptriped socks ho wore on tho day lio was stolen wero substituted a pair of white ones. The boy was taken away into another poom, and then askod to como in again and pick out the man with whom he slept the provious night from a crowd of other persons, and the little fellow identified the prisoner with ease. On the prisoner's hag being examined the ptriped socks tho boy woro on tho day he was ptolen were found in it. Tho bench com mitted him for trial. A horso stealer named Patrick Doolan, alias Joseph Cantlin, was brought before the City Bench yesterday. In oloven days he managed to steal no fewer than five horses, with cither Saddles or harness, and disposo of them. On the 16th ult. he stole a horse and saddle from Mr. Farrell at Hotham ; on tho 18th he re lieved Mr. Podmore, of tho same place, of hi3 animal and saddlo ; on tho 20th he paid Mr. Bailee's 6tables a visit at Kensington, and car ried away a horso with harness. Ho followed this up on tho 21th ult. by stealing Mr. Clancy's horse, at Footscray ; and his last thoft of a horso was at Sunbury on tho 27th, when ho robbed Mr. Giles. In one case ho took tho horso to Dandenong and sold it to a blacksmith there for 15s., who in turn sold it to another person, who brought it down«to Melbourne, and was arrested for being in possession of the animal, but proved his pur chase and was discharged. Ho was arrested by Sonior-constabla M'Kee, stationod at Dan denong, who experienced groat difficulty in doing so, and also succeeded in recovering four of tho horses. A great deal of credit is duo to tho constable, as it would havo been dan gerous to bavo such an experienced horse stealer at large. The prisoner was committed for trfal. In the District Court yesterday, before Mr. Coll, P.M., a man nafned Benjamin Biggs Was prosecuted under tho twenty-eighth sec tion of tho Markets Statute for having sold a quantity of green 6tnff for horso feed to a Mr. William Graham, such sale being made outside tho public market contrary to the sta tute, which provides that the sale of all market able provisions' must be made within the mar-' ket boundaries. Mr. Gillott, for the prosecu tion, contended that the defendant was clearly liable to a penalty of £5, that being tho lowest lino allowed by tlio statute. Mr. Call said in his opinion tbo case was fully proved, but stated that as tho defendant might havo orred in ignorance of the law on the subject, be would adjourn the caso until Monday next, and if by that time the defendant paid tho costs of the prosecution, ho would suggest that tho cat should bo withdrawn. A remarkable for hard swearing oc curred- 'at tho District Court yesterday. A young woman named Annio Jones sued a young man named Albert Douglas for tho maintenance of an illegitimate child. For tho defence tho paternity was denied, and three youths named James Anderson, Loyer and Jesse Urquhart declared that they had been Intimate with tho plaintiff. This the plaintiff denied in the most positive manner. As the evidenco for tho defence was given in so de cided a manner, tho bonch considered tbey had no other alternative but to dismiss tho caso. The five roughs in custody on the charge of sssaultingConstable Shorthill on Monday week, were brought up on remand at the Collingwood Police Court yesterday. Sir. Superintendent Winch and Inspector Green appeared to pro secute. Mr. M'Kean appeared on behalf of one of the lads, Patrick Quinn. Mr. Winch tpplied for a further remand of seven days, as Shorthill was still in a precarious state, and serious results might yet take place. Mr. M'Kean objected to tho remand, and brought forward several witnesses to provo an alibi in Quinn's favor, but without success. Constable Charleston was put in the box, and swore positively to Quinn's having struck him, and that he had in the scuffle struck the prisoner in the side. Constable Bannon stated that he had examined Quinn at the lock up on the night of the arrest, and found his side much bruised. In answer to Mr M'Kean's objections, Mr. Winch pointed out that an alibi constituted a defence, and as the prosecution had not been entered into, the at tempt to prove the alibi was inadmissible. Tho prisoners were remanded for seven days ; bail allowed in two sureties of £ 100 each, and their own of £200. That unruly member, the tongue, has led Mr. M'Kean into difficulties before, but he does not seem to profit by past exporience. Ho yesterday exhibited a lamentable lack of good manners by making the Collingwood police court an arena in which to carry on the quarrel which he had with the Attorney- General in the Assembly on the pre- nous night. During the course of the proceedings against the roughs for the assault on Constable Shorthill, a youth, who was called to prove an alibi for one of the pri- loners, admitted having given a different version of the affair outside the court, to the one he was furnishing inside. He was ordered to be ignominiously turned out of the court. "Don't be too hard upon him, your worship," said Mr. M'Kean. The mayor : " Don't at tempt to defend him." Mr. M'Kean : "I won't, your worship. It was wrong for him to tell a lie to the police, but if your worship was to commit everybody who told a lie outside you would have to commit the At torney- General if he was here, for he told a big lie last night." At this there was a burst of laughter, aud Mr. M'Kean went on to say that it was no wonder that they told lies when they had such an example. The inquest v)n tho woman Annio Martin, rho died from tho effect of burns sho sus tained on the 15th ult., wil be held by Dr. SToul on Monday, at the hospital, itis antici pated that tho inquiry mil be of a somewhat lengthy nature. The old adage, that murder will out, has been illustrated in a very striking manner lately. A. murder of- an atrocious character was committed nearly seventeen years ago, in Liverpool, the victim being a woman. The perpetrator of the foul deed left no trace bo und him which might lead to his' discovery, and the Scotland-yard detectives were com pletely baffled and abandoned tho idea of ever iiscovcring him. About twelve months ago, however, they obtained a clue, and by working ap a chain of evidence which they managed lo collect they found tho murderer bad loft for Australia, aud here they were obliged to fall ; back on tho detectives in the various colonies. A fow weeks ago the man, answering to tho same of the murderer and his description, was found in New South Wales in one of. the lunatic asylums, a' confirmed maniac, where ho has been an inmate for some time past. A meoting of the Medical Board took place yesterday, at which Mr. Gillbeo (president), JDrs. Barker and Robertson, were present. The .board registered Mr. I. E. Schlesiuger, M.I1.0.S., Eng., 1870, M. B. and Oh. M. Edin., 1S80. The deaths of James Deed, M.D., at Cluncs, and Thos. G. Kerr, at Haw thorn, were reported. At the Fitzroy council meeting lost evening, the mayor announced that, through the exer tions of Cr. Evans, the Government had pur chased a piece of land at the corner of Johnston icd Brunswick streets as a site for a po3t and telegraph office, Tho announcement was received with applause, and a vote of thanks passde to Cr. Evans, At the conclusion of the ordinary business a resolution was passed, " That tbh< council regrets the loss the colony bap auptafeed through the untimely death of "ir Bedmond Barry, and that a' resolution' ex- pressive of the same be entered in the minutes of this council ; and that a copy of this resolu tion be forwarded to the representatives of the deceased judge." Tho cost of the Emerald-hill special audit was £321. An order has boon made by the Govcrnor-in-Council for the payment out. of the municipal funds of £160 10s. to each of the spocial auditors, Mr. John H. Hodgson and Mr. Wm. Boyd. Tho sum of £10, de posited by tho applicants for tlio special audit, has been ordered to bo returned. The New Zealand papers state that it is understood that on tho return of all the absent Ministers to Wellington, some further reforms tending in the direction of substantial retrenchment, and of a somewhat sweeping nature, will como under the careful consideration or the Cabinet. It is rumored that as a result the numerical strength of tho official staff in the Government may be materially reduced, especially in somb of the higher quarters. A. bazaar in aid of tho funds of tbo Metho dist Free Church parsonage was opened on Thursday night at the Foresters' Hail, Smith- street, by Mr. J. A. Mnrsden, J.P., in tho ab sence of Mr. G. D. Langridge. There was a very large and beautiful display of useful and ornamental goods. Tho stalls wero presided over by Mesdsmes Walton, J. Woods, sen,, J. Woods, jun., E. Wood, Spaven, Dabbinger, Caster and Rose, Misses Walkley, E. Wood, Schelliner, Spaven, Griffith and Dowdy. The attendance waa numerous, and a good business was done. This afternoon and evening a well selected programme of vocal and instrumental music will bo given. An election was licld at Kew yesterday to fill the vacancy in the borough council, caused by tho death of Cr. Phipps. There wero two candidates, Mr. E. A. Atkjms, a former coun cillor, and Mr. T. Stanley. The result of the poll was tho election of Mr. Atkyns by four votes. To-morrow afternoon a volunteer service will be given at tho Town Hal!. Tho Bishop of Melbourne will preach, and tho united choirs of St. Paul's and Christ Church will render a full choral service. Mr. W. J. Turner will preside at the organ. Tho drama Janet Prido was played at the Bijou Theatre for tho lost time yesterday evening. To-night tho Love Chase will be produced. Mr. George Darrell took his benefit at tho People's Theatre last night. The Ticlcet-of- Lcave Man and the .Corsican Brothers were produced and played very effectively. There was a good attendance, and Mr, Darrell was warmly applauded. This evening Ship Ahoy will bo played. Mr. Fred. Thorae has boeji engaged. Tho Kelly and Leon Minstrels continuo favorites, They will produce an entirely now programme to-night, Tho Danites was played again at tho Opera House last ovening before a moderatoly largo audience. The drama will be produced again to-night. , A moonlight concert will bo given by the Austrian Strauss band on Monday night, at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, and on tho same evening tho Australian eleven will be entertained by tho Melbourne Cricket Club at a dinner. Thero will likowise be a pyrotechnic display. On Friday next the band will take part in the performance of Mr. Packer's oratorio, the Cro\yn of Thorns. Wc understand that the formation of a new Italian Opera Company is contemplated, with a view to tho production of sovoral operas hitherto unperformed in Australia, Beeth oven's Fidelio is to be included in tho reper toirc . There are at present obstacles to the enterprise, hut it is probablo that they will shortly be overcome. Attention is called to an advertisement respecting tho sale of tho Prosp:ct.hill estate, at Kcw, to-aay. An attractive programme will bo given at tho Peo? pie's Concert iu the Temperance Uall, Husficll-strcet, this evening. A meeting of teachers of Stato night schools will bo holt! at oleven o'clock this morning, at tbo Ciarenco Hotel, Elizabeth-street. Tho anniversary services of tho Baptist Church, Ocorgo-strcot , Filzrpy, will be hold to-morrow, and tho tea and public meeting pu Tuesday. Attention is directed to the prospectus of the Victo rian Co-operntivo Dress Supply Association, which ap pears In our advertising columns, 'A bazaar and, sale of gifts in aid of the Wcsloy.in Church Punt- road, Prahran, will ho opened in tho town hall by tbo Mayor of Melbourne, ou Wednes day. Wo have to acknowledge the December nnmbor of tho Jewish Herald, tb& tsizo of which has been en larged. Tlio paper appears to bo edited wjlh cajOj aqd Is well printed. Tho V.M.O.A. Convention will bo held next week in tho Association Hall. A welcome tea meeting is to bo ' held on Tuesday evening, at which tlio delegates and others will tako part. Wo aro requested to draw attention to an advertise ment reporting tho establishment of a Brewing and ; Malting Company, which is projected to take up mid work tho brewing and malt houses of Mr. P. J. Miu'Lin, ' with thohotcls owned by.him. Wo have received from Messrs. Gordon and Gotch tho official cataloguo of tho French court at tho Ex hibition, issued by tho French Commissioner ; and from Mr. M. L. Xlutchlnsou a sclcctiou of Christ mas cards, which are vory artistic. A new division of tho ordur of the Sons and Daughters of Tompcranco will bo opened In tho Tom- pernuco Hall on Tuesday evening next, undor tbo nrino of tho East Molbourno Division. All members of tho order aro invited to wituess tho ppcniug cere mony. The report of the Lying-in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending 2nd December shows inpatients in hospital, SO ; ad mitted during the week, If ; discharged, 20 ; remain ing in hospital, 50; total number of out-patients for tho week, 130 ; new cases, 20. Tlio eity organist will perform on the grand organ this oveniug, at eight o'clock, the following selection : —Overture, Choval do Bronze, Aubcr ; waltzes, iilim Danubo, Strauss ; selection, National Melodies, or-' ranged by Mr. David Leo ; grand march, Tho Parade, Stanislaus ; oratario selection, Judus Maccabrcus, iiati- del ; flunle, National Authcui. We aro requested to mention that the bazaar on behalf of tho enlargotncut dobt of Christ Church, St. Kitda, closes this uveuing. Thoro is a largo assort ment of valuable useful and fancy articles, together with soveral watcrcolor und oil paintings, yot to bo 6old. Thero is an excellent selection of vocal and in strumental music for this evening. Tho children nXtcnding tSt. John's Church of Eng land Sunday 6chool, Tooruk, on 23tli November pre sented Mr. W. T. Lazenby, their superintendent, who is leaving the parish, with a handsome church scrvico and hymnbootc, hound iu morocco. The presentation was mado by Mr. W. Fellows, on behalf of tho school. The excursion steamer Williams runs this day to Qucousliff and Portsca, leaving Kandridgo ut half-past ono instead of onc/>'clock. To-morrow sho goes to tho samo places, leaving ut cloven a.m., after urrival of 10.48 train from Melbourne. Arrangements haro been uifde whereby waggonettes will meet tbo Wil liams at Ports ea on Saturdays, Sundays and Mondays, and convoy passongers to Sorrento ; and on Mondays and Thursdays meot her at Sorrento, and convey pas sengers to PorUca. Tno weekly meeting of tho committeo of manage- monfi of tho Benevolent Asylum was held in the board- room on Thursday; Mr. Farmer in tho chair. The medical officer reported &s; follows Number of patlenU undor treatment in hospital, 85 men, 00 women ; number uuder treatment not in hospital, 43 men, 102 women; total, 230. Death, Richard Ed- wards, native of England, 73 years or age, on tno 2Ctli ult., of hepatitis. Tim superintendent reported the stato of tho houso to be :— 413 men, 211 women : total, 024 Tho weok of services in connection wjth tho induc tion of tho ltev. Joseph Herbert Mullens to the incum bency of St. Andrew s, Clifton-hill, was brought to a close last night. Tho Itov. H. Langley preached on Thursday, and some of tho neighboring cicrgy and members of tho Young Men's Christian Association afterwards met In tho vestry of tho temporary church to welcnmo tho no>v incumbent to tho district, and to ask a blcuslng on his labors. All tho services havo been well attended, and many of tho laity look part, including Captuin Pascoe, R.N., Messrs. C. Bakor, W. Marsh and others. Tho bnzanr ut the town hall, Einerald-hilJ, has been a great attraction during the weok, aud has boon most creditably conducted by tho ladies of the Clarendon- etrect Presbyterian Church. One novel feature has been tho publication of a daily paper, which has afforded amusement both to its conductors aud readers. Tiffs eveuing tho bazaar will be brought to a closo, when all tbo principal art unions will be drawn, and a variety of attractions will ho provided. Many nice things are still oh tho stalls, for which, op tho closing night, no reasouablo offer will be re fused. TI)o monthly meeting of tbo committee of manage ment of tho Alfred Hospital was licld at tho institu tion yesterday ; Mr. James Service iu tho chair. Tho stato of tho house was roportod as follows Number of In-pationts, 20th ult.', 89 ; admitted since, 21: total. 110; discharged, 18; died, 2; remaining, DO; out- patlonts, 171 ; casuals, 11 ; total for the week, 272\. The following subscriptions have been received:— Mrs. Pout, iU -Is.; Employes Atlas Works, Richmond, £2 £h. Cd.; IV. Tbistlcthwaite, £3 2s.; C. Ronald, £2. a letter WM received from the resident medical officer. Dr. Stewart, tendering his resignation consequent, upon his accepting an appointment iu Tasmania. The resignation was accoptcd. Another letter was received from Dr. Stewart, calling tlio attention of the commit teo to the insufficient. uocommodation for nurses. ' Tho committed were of opinion that tho quartern of the nurses woro not as healthy nnd comfortablo as might ho desired; and after borne discuesion the letter was referred to tho houso committee for immediate re port. , 