TOWN NEWS. . . ? ▼T ? LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. PAUL'S CATHEDRAL r The ceremony of placing in its position the ? memorial stone of the now Cathedral of : St. ; . Paul's, which' is to bccrccUd in SwanBton-street, ! ' ? was performed on Tuesday afternoon, by his Excel-, ' lcncyth'c Govornor, with the accompaniment of ; the appropriate services prescribed in tho ritual i ofthoChurchof England. There was a very large' i ' crowd present within the enclosure,. a consider ? able number of whom favored by the pos . bcssioh of invitation cards occupying scats upon a !? platform erected on the eastern and southern i . '? aides of the stone. When the proceedings had I- ? commenced the public -were admitted, about ? 5000 persons surrounding tho site, and , the positions of advantage offered by the ncigh } boring houses were availed of by many more who ?: were enabled to view the ceremony. The clergy ' of the Church of England was numerously repre sented ; several of the students at Triiiity College ? were present in academical robes, and tho ?: scholars ef the scmiuaries of tho church mustered | in considerable force. The Mayor ami aldermen ;1 ' and councillors of Melbourne were accorded a r special portion of the reserved accommodation ?? ' . opposite . tho dais, upon which the Governor, *' the Bishop, ? the J)ean, the ' members' of. the '?'?' ' sound]' of the dioccso and soino of tho ,' . leading lay -adherents were stationed, and z Dther ladies and gentlemen ?wore' seated in- dose proximity. A large choir, which represented tho united strength of the churches in aud around Melbourne, rendered the musical portion of the service under the direction of the Hov. Dr. Torrance, the Dean reciting the 'prayers^' With the exception of a slight shower' of' rain, the weather was favorable. At half-past three o'clock' the procession from the church entered tho re-' Bervo in tho following order :— The choir, tho I clergy, the Chapter, the Bean, the Bishop and his I chaplain, the Governor, and his privdto secretary, I Captain Le Patourel,; tho,:Mayor;and suite,- the. members', of .tho council- of the dioccso not: on ! the chapter, and the representatives of parishes.! The i service, at ;once commenced;' and after thesinging of,'a. hynin, 'the ofi'eriiig up . of *a' prayer, and tlie chanting of psalms,' preparations'! were made, for lowering' the'stcne.;. ;A leaden ' case was closed nnd deposited in a cavity in the bed iipon:wliich the stone was. to rest; .It con ''''* tained copies' of ; tho following:— Of the C7mrcA o/£iit/land:jUesieiiger for rtho current month ; the Melbourne daily, papers of tkat day's date;! of .thy University Calendar; , tho -Acts of. the: . Church of England Assembly.;.. the,. statistics of. the diocese, and tho order of the proceedings' to bo observed at tho ceremony,; a bottlo of. wheat, grown at Rusliworth, ' in the Goul burn Valley; the current coins 'of the realm, nnd a scroll upon which tho following was engrossed : — 'Ad Sumini Dei, gloiiaru ct ho norem. Ad I'ilii ejus mortem et resurrectionem usciiio duin redeat. Perpotua-menioria prose guendum ct ail fidem semel sanctus traditam con sorvamium. . Hunc lapidem angulorum Ecclc 3ia- Cathcdralis in TJrbe Mclburncnsi. Sub Bcati i Pauli'auspk'iis. Posuit vir optimus Doniiuus ilo ' Normanby, G.C.M.I3., circumstaiitibus. Jncobo Hoorhouse, S. T. P. episcopo. Gulielmo Foster Btawell, armigero, justiciarioprincipali. Hussey Burgh Macartney, decauo. Necnon et clero populoque. Die Ap'rilis tertio ilccimo, a.d. MDCCCLXXX. Adsit Deus propitius ct icditi tandc opori usque ad cxitum faviat.' Tho scroll was read by Dr. Hearn, Chancellor of tho diocese. His Excellency was presented with a silver trowel suitably inscribed, and the mortar having been lr.iit the stone was lowered into its position. When tested and found to ho truly laid, his Excellency tapped it with a mallet Mid in doing so he said : — 'I lay this foundation ?tone of a Cathedral Church, to bo dedicated to Ihe service of Almighty God, and to bu called by the name of tho Holy Apostle St. Paul, in tho namo of the Father, and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' After further engngement in liraycr, and the chanting of psalms, aud during the collection of offerings, His Excellency the Governor said ;— My Lord Bishop, the clergy, and thechaptcr of the diocese. I thank you fer having given me the opportunity af being present on so 'auspicious an occasion as this is. -Ladies and gentlemen, wo are hero gathered together to-day to lay the foundation stone of a cathedral for the city of Melbourae, to bo dedicated to tho service of Almighty God, and I trust it will bo the point around which the Church of England in this colony may long centre. This edifice which is now begun will we hope, remain a memorial of this day's work from generation* to generation.' On looking around this great city of Melbourne, and seeing so many buildings which have been erected both publicly and privately, I may have sometimes thought that the commencement tf a cathedral bad been too long delayed. Bo that as it may, tho work has now begun, and as no aian should turn back from the plough, I would nrge that all should contribute to the best of Iheir means. I should ill judge the character of the people of Victoria if I thought there would be any lack of funds to finish this great under taking. God has been bountiful indeed in the way in which he has blessed this colony, and I am sure none should grudgo to pay back to his service a small mite of that which ho has so bountifully bestowed upon them. I trust that tho cathedral will grow from day to day, from month to month, and from year to year. Cathedrals are not edifices which are erected in a day; and wo all know whilo looking at those beautiful monuments of an tiqnity which we have in the old country, that all of them have taken years to build, and many of them, I might oven say, centuries. But let tho work go steadily on ; let all apply the best means they have in their power to advanco it, and when the building is completed let it be that rdifice which we may all hope it to be, so that in future generations and in long years to come your posterity may point to this cathedral and say, 'This ia a monument of the devotion, energy and perseverance of our forefathers in the early days of tho colony.' ? Bishop Meorhouso upoke as follows : ? It ia thought desirable that oii this auspicious occasion I should say to you a few words on the uses of a cathedral foundation, of this building, of its ser vices and of its chapter. The building is a great church, which is intended to bo the centre and noae.oi the church s highest energies, devotional, consultative and practical ; and it is called a cathedral because, as being symbolical of tho lfore-namcd fact, tho bishop's cathedra or chair is set therejn. It is built, then, as you will readily see, not primarily t» look beautiful in the eyes of thoso who pass by it (though, of course, this also should be up to tho means of its builders), but primarily to afford help to those who enter it, in raising their thoughts to tho Infinite, and in stirring within them the emotions of awe and reverence for these works it must have size, and especially loftiness ; tho long perspective, tho dim vastuess/ in which the mind ean eoar and expand, in which it can seo a. symbol of the eternal, the mysterious, the divine. The first thing therefore t-r be thought of is the interior, and if decoration be impossible along with this Lugcsss ' of dimension and Btatclincss of form, decoration must bo aban doned. -Again, loftiness is necessary to givo an effect tothat which is an essential to cathedral worship— its musical services. Without , height there can bo no resonance, no feeling of elasticity no .uaassiveness, no /delicacy 'of sound. With out height .music is robbed of ?? more than half itapower'to sopthcj to subdue, to olevate, to call away tho feelings from the distraction and frivolity of sense; and to attune then to the tenderness, the solemnity, the awe of tho higher life. : Now,, it seems to mo that we very specially, nctd suck services in' Victoria. Tho'.lovo and: .practice; of music are very visibly spreading among our; young p'eople.as among all .nations' which livo beneath a bright sky and a warm sun. Our young people care more for music and less for worship than, the ydurig people do at home. Now, how is this ?. There may be several reasons, .bat oiio is certainly, this— because music and worship have never been wedded together hero under the most favorable conditions. We 'need a service which shall not only give expression to religious emotion already in existence, hut /which shall also evoke it1 when it' is absent. ? Impassioned preaching will do something to this end ;'nay, it will ilo very much. But then impassioned preach ing is not always to be had, or, at least, not always iii. effective power. It may bo. greatly helped, nosy as in the case of Elisha, it may be superseded by the mysterious influence of music. I 'have; myself felt tko wondrous power of musical services. They have melted me when I was hard, they have raised ma whonlwas sluggish, they have spiritualised mo when I was earthly. Let us only make our young pcoplafeel them atthcirbest, when they elevate by thciryran dcurand edify by their simplicity, and then; whilo the taste for them spreads, their uso in our parish churches would become at once- more attractive, and nioro edifying. . Again, thero is another, and a generally unsuspected use in a large building. Itlielps to make good preachers.' In a large building the preacher inust speak slowly and dis tinctly. If he mumbles, or drops his voico,or takes it. easily, ho will' be, as'tho peasant said, 'like a bee in a bottle.' — thero will bo abuzz ? and hum, but thero will be nothing more. But now when a man is compelled to speak slowly \ anil 'distinctly, he hears and notices all that he is saying.. And if it be foolish or disjointed, or bold, or disfigured, by. vapid rhetoric or mixed 1 metaphor, he is '.himself made conscious of the fact, 'and covered, as' ho 'deserves to bo, with shame-nt his own performance1 Depend upon | it,, tlie.iiext' time he. preaches in the cathedral, ; ho will take- care, to have: fresh, thought, i logically arranged ,a'nd »orvously expressed. 'Anil having- done' well' once,' he will lay the habit. of:::trying'. always to do well. Besides, whonone-speaks slowly one must not have too ranch to is'ay, and thus oho gets into the habit of preaching short sermons— short sermons with a ?good-ideal in tlieih. .All these you : will observe iareproperlythe results of having a largo and 'lofty building; But now to say a word of the ? services.- It is only by cathedral services, with a cathedral staffj that we can carry out adequately tho;.church's. system of perpetual prayer., And you who nave had no exporienco of this system can hardly conceive its precious and lofty uses. Let 'mo specify ono:o'r two. In a great civic community like this, there will always be : devout souls detached from life by the stroke of sickness or the decay of age;' who long to spend their re -maining days in communion with the Lord their God. Theso aro tha Simeons and the Annas, who.have no wish todepart from the temple day or night. And nowhere but iji the great church of a cathedral city can they find tlio means of gratifying their desire. There is the stillness and. the great space filled continually with the pleading of prayer anil the swell of praise. Thorp they find the atinosphoro which they long to breatho; there they draw near to God, and live in an anticipated heaven. Do you thiuk we do not need them— we busy men distracted by tho cares, tho labors, tho sorrows of time 'i Why to this day there dwell, and to tho end of the days that I sojourn upon earth, there will dwell in the eye of my soul, tho vision of two separated ser vants of God — an aged man and woman, whom I once met at a funeral. There was the light of a better world in the delicate glow of their faces ; there was the peace of heaven in their gentle saintly eyes. And that vision is with me still it is and it will be to the end— as tho visible em bodiment of what I would be, and now cannot be ; and yet of what I hope that ono day I may become through the mercy and long-suffering of God. .And then again, in the heart of a great city, not upon some hill at a distance, but in the heart of a great city, where all its passion and crime are, there should be a House of God over open, where those who are broken by life's sorrows or sorely smitten by life's sins may always bo able to find guidance and solace when they need it. When tho poor outcast at his worst — near the brink of the dark river, it may be — is wandering in the city desert, aimlessly, desperately, looking vainly for some help, some hope, some pity, there should always be an open house of prayer in his own path, an ark into which he may flee for refuge. He cannot wait for Sunday. He cannot go off seeking for comfort. Horo and now lie must be helped or not at nil. Open your cathe dral in his very pathway ; let its prayers plead, let its praises swell, and perhaps they may lift his lost soul so near to Mount Pisgah that he may catch thence some ray of the Divine pity which he is seeking, some glimpse of the blessed hopo without which ho cannot live. Oh, my friends, there aro many. that swell tho sin ; are thero none, of these that will help to build tho refuge ? I have spoken of tho build ing and its services. Biit ere I close I must say ono word, however bririf, about the cathedral1 chapter. In all ages of tho church Catholic, and most effectually in its best ages, the chapter has been the council of the bishop. Your bishop sorely needs such a council now and then. The church assembly is not an administrative body at all ; it only legislates. Tho council of the diocese is an administrative body, but it gives counsel on nothing but on financial matters. With pnrely spiritual question's it docs not meddle, and ought not to meddle. Its advice upon money matters is like tlie advice of tho Cabinet to tho Queen. It almost must be taken. Now, on spiritual matters the bishop could not submit to such ad vice. Ho illicit almost as well abdicate his office. For the consideration of such matters ho wants a council consisting of the best and wisest men in the diocese, who will givo him advice and not in sist upon its being always taken. Such a council is necessary to the bishop. Well has it been said that ' Isolation is tho vice and weakness of authority.' You all felt that in our recent discussion of the education question. Your impetuous bishop took his own line — the line his conscience prescribed to him. Ilo struck as hard as ho could. But what did men say ? This is only tho bishop's opinion, tho bishop's method. Tho church is not pledged io that. How different would it have been if all mon had known that what the bishop said, not only as to principle, butas to details, hosaid after consultation with the best hearts and wisest heads in his diocese. Tako another case. 1 pro posed that. we should carefully consider tho pro position, .already made at home, to ordain as deacons, under* certain 'conditions, laymen still pursuingnheir worldly calling. I had no ono to advise me. The Church Assembly appointed a committee, and directed it to report to tho council of tho diocese. It reported : and what followed?- Tho council declared the matter ultra vires. It had no power to review purely ; spiritual matters. . It . acted rightly^tbis was a matter for the cathedral chap ter — ' tho golden circlet' of the chosen prcsby terj-— aot for a merely fiuancial body. Take jot another problem, urgently at this moment' pres singfor solution. The action of tho State, in making the education 'of our State schools purely secular has brought the question of the organisa tion of Sunday schools into tho rank of questions, ?f the first importance How can they best bo organised ? This is not a question for tho as sembly, or tho council of tho diocese; it is 'a question for the cathedral chapter, which I trust they will take earnestly in hand at the first con venient opportunity. Again, 1 prize tho chapter, not only as a council, but as an august represen tation of the unity of the church. Thei'o you havo gathered into ono body, bishop, deau,. archdeacons, canons, laity. This chapter, from the eminence of its members, from their representative character, and from thescemli ncs3 of the great temple and other solemn services in which »n great occasions they come together, affords an august representation of the unity of the church. Some men think little of ?this. I think lauch of it. For the poculiar danger of religious life here is its spirit of separa tion. This spirit represents nothing better than the selfishness and waywardness of individuals; it produces in our townships among our people nothing but weakness, jealousy and heartburn ings. It is the great rock ahead of Protestant democratic religion. Most fit and necessary then is it that we constitute so good a symbol of onr unity as shall strike the imagination through tho eyes, and reduce to visible insignificanco the specious independence of individuals, and tho miserable feeling of parochial selfishness. It is for these various reasons, then, in connection with tho building, the services and the chapter, that I so earnestly desire to push on this great work to which we have put our hands to day. Let there be no looking back, no small fault-finding, no useless regrets, no selfish stand ing aloof. Criticism is excellent in its place, when a determination if being formed, but after wards it is mere feebleness. Carefully, patiently, tho Church Assembly in several sittings and in successive years considered the claims of every possible site, and they deliberately fixed on that of St. Paul's. I am persuaded that their deter mination was right. He that doubts it should have seen tho crowds who on Good Friday and Easter Sunday were unable to obtain admission to St. Paul's. He should also cast his eye over those church spires which mark the position of tho principal churches of the different denomina tions, which are within a stone's throw of the spot. The time for criticism is past. The time for action has come. Let us all, then, with one heart and mind, press forward to the goal of so many hopes, iii the name, and by the strength, aiid for the glory of Christ, our Divino Master. Sir 'William Stawcll, Chief Justice, in a fow remarks, referred to the satisfaction which he experienced at noticing the commencement made towards the erection of the cathedral, and -ex- pressed the'hope that its progress would' not '. be interrupted. ?'....- ? ? ' ' Tho collection resulted in the receipt of £1209. lls. 8d., including a cheque from Mr. W. J'.- Clarke for £1000, £25 from his Excellency the Governor, and £50 from tho Mayor of, Melbourne' Other contributions received .duriiig.the last few. days were— £500 from Mr.- F: w. :-'Ahuyt»g'e,'' £500 from Mr. T. B. Payne, £52:10s. froitf Mr. W.Elsdon, and:£150 from Mr. : F.'Gillott. ??- The announcement of the' receipt: of Mr. Clarke's donation was received with cheevB. The benediction closed the proceedings, and cheers were afterwards given for this Governor, the Bishop, the Dean, and Mr. Clarke. The cathedral, as has been previously notified, ? was designed by Mr. Butterfield, architect, of London. It will have frontages to Little Flinders, Swanston, and Flinders streets, and it is esti mated will cost £100,000. Messrs. Terry and Oakden are tho superintending architects, and the contract in force, which has been taken by Sfr. William Smith, is for the lay ing down of tho foundations for a length of 162 feet and CG feet in width of tho nave, ctiiinccl and transept. The amount of the contract is £6000, and brick and cemerft is to bo used, the walls to be carried in blucstone to a height of 10 feet above the Jloor line. The tower and spire will rise to a height of 275 feet, and will be sup ported up»n four cluster pillars of alternate blocks of freestone and blucstono, which will rest on massive foundation stones, ono of which — that in the south-western corner was laid on Tuesday. In order that the pillars may becomo thoroughly substantial, it is intended that it shall be always kept ten feet in advance of the other works. The contract ex tends over eight months, of which five months have yet to run ; and although it is not determined of what description of freestone the walls will bo built, it will be certainly el a uniform color. ? Th'o foundation stone was 14 feet in length, 5 feet in width, 18 inches deep, and weighed 10 tons. The contract is being carried out under tho superintendence of Mr. William Harrison, clerk of works. - 