QENEBAL NEWS. Wo hear that Mr. H. Stodarfc has resigned his position as accountant to the Biuk of Adelaide. The following is Monday. mornirga weather report on the Adelaide aud Tort Darwin Telegraph line:—Port Darwin, calm, clear, fine; Southport, calm; Yam Greek, 8.B., light;' Fine Greek, S.E., moderate; Biver Katherine, S:E.,light; Daly Waters, N.E., light; Powell Greek, S.B., strong; .Tennant Greek, E.,■_fresh; Barrow Creek, S.E.,; light; Alice Springs, S.E., light; Charlotte Waters, calm, cloudy, dull, olose; Peake, calm, cloudy; Strangwaye Springs, S.B., light,: cloudy, fine; Farina, calm, cloudy, fine; Beltana, N.E, light, clondy, fine. The following is a record of the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same honr on Monday Beltana ... 0'G20 Wilmington ... 0*500 Melrose " ... 0350 Wirrabara., ... ,0*250 Laura 0*429 Oaltowie ... 0720 Jamestown ... 0*620 Yarcowie ... 0*530 Gladstone ... 6*500 Narridy ... 0*460 Georgetown ...6*510 Eedhill ... 0*200 Farrell's Flat... 0*340 Glare ... ... 6*830 Auburn . ... 0*500 Hoyleton ... 0*400 Balaklava ... 0190 Port Wakefield 0*720 Wallaroo... ... .0*080 Kadina ... 0050 Port Victoria 0 0l4 Maitland ... 0*030 Minlaton ... 0*076 Yorketown ..; -0*080 Kooringa 0*500 | Edithburgli ... 0*036 Warooka ... 0*090 'Wentworth ... 0*320 Overland Grnr. 0*550 Blanchetown... 0*710 Biverton ... 0*270 Kapunda ... 0*510 Truro 0*630 Tanunda ... 0*530 .Gawler ... 0*160 Mannnm ... 1*400 Mount Pleasant 1*920 Grimeracha 2*250 Salisbnry ... 0*120 Adelaide ... 0*250 Clarendon ... 6*870 Noarlnnga ... 0*255 Mount Barker... 2*000 Ecbnnga ... 1*990 Strathalbyn ... 0 980 Willunga ... 0*940 Normanville ;.. 0*120 Ebola:... i 0*070 Fowler's Bay... '6*650 Streaky Bay ... 0*015 Port Lincoln... 0*100 CapeBorda ... 0*055 Kingscote ... 0*145 OapeJervis ... 0050 Port Elliot ... 0*296 Goolwa ... 0320 Meningie ... 0*630 Kingston ... 0*020 Eobe ... - .... 0*010 Border Town ... 0*4 6 Luoindale ... 0*125 Fenola... ... 0*050 Millicent ... 0*010 Mount Gambier 0*080 We hear that Mr. H. D. O'Halloran has resigned the position of manager of the Com mercial Bank,'and that Mr. Alexander Orooks, the accountant,'has received the appointment. ■ On Sunday, morning, September 12, James Leonard, a laborer," living in Gilbert street west, reported at the Police Station that his infant child, aged two months, had died sud denly. The city coroner made enquiries, and Dr. Mayo having given a certificate that the child had died in convulsions, an inquest was deemed unnecessary. _ ... ... . " The sale of the Benayeo station, .in the South-East, the property of Mr. H.L. Mci,e6d, J.P., to Mr. JameB Affleck, who is,", says the, Narracoorte paper, " well- known in this dis trict as the eldest son of Mrs. JameB Affleck, of Kybybolite, is reported/ The station comprises 5,890 acres of freehold property,' and about 20,000 acres of leasehold, with 16,006 sheep,. 40 head of cattle, and30 head of horses. The exact price has not .transpired, but we balieve some where' about £25,000 is the amount." " /. In consequence of the wet weather the fir ing of the big guns at Fort Glanville, which was arranged to take pliace on Saturday afternodn last, was postponed. The weather being so un favorable for exercising the gunners; it was de cided on Saturday morning to defer proceedings; and although every possible notice was given of the alteration, many persons went down to the fort and had to be content'with an inspection simply. r! Mr. Lathlean, the: manager of the branch . of the National Bank at Border Town, who met with a serious accident a week or two ago whije Outriding, arrived at: Narracoorte in a special conveyance on Tuesday evening, . September 7, having been, driven through from Border Town in one day. He was of oourse a little the worse for his long drive. The unfortunate young gentle man proceeded by train to Kingston thenext day, to be taken on by steamer to his family in Adelaide. The Narracoorte Herald believes there iB a . slight- improvement in his condition generally, and that there is feeling in his lowdr extremities. Hopes are entertained that his life will be saved; but a long time must elapse before he can recover, if he ever does.' Mr. Lathlean was much respeoted in Border Town. The following letter from the Duke of Manchester is published in . the Melbourne ArgusSir—Will yon kindly give me an op portunity of correcting the report of what I said about the wreck of the s.s. Sorata. The remark. I made about the nearness of the shore was' addressed, not to the captain* but to Sir H. Sandford. X should not like it to be supposed that I would attempt to interfere with a captain in the command of his Bhip, nor would Captain Fowler have allowed me to do so. The other point I wish'to correot is perhapB of less impor tance. I imagine that the rook on which the Sorata pivoted lies, not between the mainmast and the funnel,but between the latter and the foremast.' If yod wOl give insertion to the above you 'will greatly oblige, youYs, &o.;, Maschesthb. Oakleigh-hall, East St. Kilda, .Sept .8. .. • -• , • ; The committee appointed at a recent pnblio meeting to organise and establish a com pany te purchase the Lobethal Tweed Factory paid a visit of inspection to the factory on Friday, September 10, having with them a prac tical, engineer and an expert in tweed and wqollen manufactures. The Committee were -pleased with, their investigation and the general appearance of the buildings, the state and com pleteness of the machinery, and the good order in whioh they found everything. General regret was expressed that so fine a property should have been stopped for the want of funds, as the article produced was first class and the demand greater than the supply. A further outlay of some £2,000 will it is expected make it as complete a property as need be desired. Mr. Lauterbaoh, J.P., kindly showed the committee over the . premises and answered all enquiries. The committee returned with the determination that the LobethaTTweed Factory should be started again. Writing with reference to the Sunday OloBing League formed at Mount Gam bier, the South-Eastern Star says:—" The hon. secretary, Mr. J. Lambert, has supplied us with the result of the voting on the several questions sub mitted to the householders of Mount Gambier. The voting papers collected number 411. Of these thirty-five were not filled in, the house holders with whom they were left deciding to remain neutral—276 answered the first question 'Are yon in favor of public-houses being closed during the whole of Sunday,' in the affirma tive ; forty-two answered the second question (in favor of the existing state of things) in the affirmative; twenty-five answered the third (in favor of opening from 1 to 8 and from 8 to 9) in the affirmative; ten answered the fourth (in favor of opening all day on Sunday) in the affirmative; two answered the first and second questions in the affirmative; eighteen answered the second and third in the affirmative; and two answered the third and fourth in the affir mative, while the reamaining one answered the whole of them in the affirmative." The London Daily Telegraph gives the following interesting particulars of the death of Prince Louis Napoleon, supplied by .Sir Evelyn Wood, to whom they were related by eighteen Zulus who took part in the attack on the reconnoitring party on Jane 18, 1879:— " The attacking party numbered about forty, of whom twelve followed the prince, and either seven or eight were concerned immediately in his death. The Zulus having nearly surrounded the party, fired and rushed on them as they were in the aot of mounting. The prince, not having succeeded in .mounting, ran alongside of his horse until it broke away from him, on the hither bank of the donga, about 220 yards from the kraal where the patty had off saddled. The prince followed his horse into the donga, nntU closely pressed by his pursuers, when he turned upon them, in the words of the Zulus themselves," like a lion at bay." Struck by an assegai inside the left shoulder, he rushed at his nearest opponent, who fied out of the donga, and got behind another Zulu, who, coming up, fired at the prince when only ten yards from him. The prince returned the fire with his pistol and faced his now rapidly increas ing foes until, menaced from his right rear and etrnck by another assegai, he regained the leyel spot on which he had first stood in the donga, and where he was speedily surrounded. He then seized an assegai which had been thrown at him, for, in straggling with his terrified horse, his sword had fallen- from its scabbard. He thus defended himself against seven or eight Zulus, who state that they did not dare to close on him, until exhausted he sank down on his hips." Sir Evelyn Wood states that the above facts were elicited from the Zulus who were examined separately on the scene of the attack, and out of sight of one another. Many persons wlio remember the plain and unpretentious City Arms in King William street, on the.site more recently occupied by Melvin's Auction Mart, will learn with interest that a new hotel is about to be erected oa the same spot. Since the Gity Arms ceased to be a licensed honse there.has been no hotel on the western side of the street between the Gresham, on North-terrace, and the Criterion, about a quarter of a mile distant. We have had au oppor tunity of seeing the plans of the contemplated building, through the courtesy of Mr. Johu H. Grainger, who is the architect, and judging from them, the erection will be an ornament to the street. The work will be pushed on as rapidly as possible, with a view of opening the house iu March next.: Mr. Grainger hassupplied us with the following description of the proposed build ing -.—The style of architecture employed i9 the early French renaissance of free treatment. The width of thefront elevation will be 40 ft., and the height about 55 feet. The main entranoe will be placed back a little distance from the street; and by the use of arcading, two other entrances by flights are provided, the one leading to the pnblic bar and the other to the coffee-room. Besides these apartments, there will be a billiard-room, offices, dining, sitting, bath, and bedrooms, and other minor rooms. A large lift will ran from the top floor to the basement for facilitating the removalof. baggage, &c.; All the rooms have been carefully arranged as regards lighting, and ventilation. will re ceive muoh attention, it being intended to have earthenware pipes carried from the basement to above the roof. The joiners' work will be qf polished cedar; tiled floors will be used where there is likely to be much wear and tear, and the division walls will be of brick. The two mansard roofs in the front elevation will give the building a very imposing appear ance, greatly increasing its apparent height. Professor Pepper delivered the last of his lectures of the present course in the Academy of'Mimic on Saturday evening, September 11, to a somewhat small auditory. Before he pio ceeded with his lecture, however, the professor intimated that although .the inclemency of the weather had acted as. a deterring influence against persons attending he had no intention of omitting one jot of his programme. The first portion, of the lecture, consisting of a popular description of the construction of a number of familiar..objects,auch as sections of wood, plants, insects, and fabrics of. various kinds, illustrated by the production of their magnified images on a screen, by the agency of the oxyhydrojiea microscope, and in which .the defects "of hnman handicraft and the beauty and per fection of the work of nature .were made apparent, was similar to that delivered on Thursday afternoon, September 9. The work of ' the portrait limner was also- again exhibited. The remaining portion consisted of ah excellent diorama of scenes in. Afghanistan, chiefly connected with the Anglo-Afghan war. Views of many of the fortified towns, including Kandahar and Cabul, from variousjaspeots, and portraits of some of the native princesand the English leaders were shown; and when the portrait of General, Roberts, who recently achieved such a signal victory, was exhibited there ; was a'hearty round of applause. The professor, kept up ; a running commentary on the pictures as they appeared, and also gave a brief outline of the history of the campaign. At the conclusion he expressed his thanks for the encoturaging manner in which his lectures had been received by the ' Adelaide public, and intimated that in response to many requests he would, probably. exhibit his famous ghost in Adelaide Within a fortnight. , In th9 meantime he iqtended to make a country tour. The professbr's remarks were received with loud applause. . The annual meeting of the privileged members of the Adelaide Hebrew Congre gation was held at the Synagogue Ve3try-room on Sunday,.September 12.■ About thirty-five members were present, and the'president (Mr. S. Saunders) occupied the chair. The. report of the committee, which was presented, mentioned amongst other things that a choir master (Mr. Fredman) had been engaged at a salary of £100 per annum, and was expected to arrive shortly from Melbourne.' From the state ment of the treasurer (Mr. H. Bennett)ib appeared that the receipts for the year amounted to £952 16s. 9d., and the expenditure to £89916s. .There 'were £350 of gobd debt's, outstanding, over £200 in .the >bank and in hand, and a balance of assets over liabilities (not iuoluding the Synagogue property} of £321. Great satisfaction was expressed at.this favorable state of affairs, and the balance-sheet and report were adopted. The report of the Rev. A. T. Boas with regard to the Sabbath- school and the progress made by the children was also satisfactory. The oJBBoars for the Ensuing year were elected as follows:— President, Mr. M. J. Solomon; treasurer, Mr. H. Bennett; committee, Messrs. I. Asher, P. Benjamin, L. Cohen, W. J. Gollin,and S. M. Solomon; auditors, Messrs. J. M. Cashmere and J. M. Solomon, jun.; school board, Messrs. M. J.Solomon, P. Benjamin, L. Cohen, W. J. Gollin, and S. Saunders. It was resolved on the motion of Mr. H. Bennett—"That on any occupant of a seat dying or leaving the colony for a term of two years it shall be in the power of the Treasurer, with the consent of the com mittee, to reallot such seat, provided that, in caseB of death it shall be at the option of the sons or daughters to retain such seat." It was resolved on the motion of Mr. M. Brandon, seconded by Mr. E. Cohen—"That the trustees be instructed ' to get the Synagogue property legally vested in them, with power to . lease suoh property, and to raise money on the mort gage of such lease, the proceeds of such mort gage to be reinvested for a like purpose, and that this meeting authorise any outlay, not ex ceeding i £200, that the trustees may incur in carrying out this resolution." A motion for raising the seat rents was withdrawn after dis cussion. Mr.F. Davison, solicitor, has shown the Border Watch a zool jgical cariosity that he be came possessed of on Wednesday, September 8. This is a specimen of that rare animal the omi thornynchus paradoxus, or duok-billed platypus, which is peculiar to Australian rivers. This one was found by Mr. Glanville, fisherman, in the River Glenelg. It is a male, and nearly full grown,beingaboutl8incheslong. The peculiarity of the platypus is that it seems to unite in itself the bird and mammal, having a bill similar to that of a duck, bat four legs and a fur-covered body like a mammal. A (.rest deal of contro versy has been carried on as to how it produces and rears its young, and Professor Owen, of England, the great comparative anatomist, has for many years been anxious to receive, a. female for scientic investigation, but without avail. In eed it is said by some observers in these colonies that the female platypuB lays eggs, and that: the young, when hatohed, are suokled, thus, if true, showing more conclusively than by its appearance its relationship both to bird and mammal. The duck-billed platypus is an amphibious animal, possessing webbed feet with long claws, which enable it to swim and wade by the side of rivers, which is its habitat, and also to burrow in the banks, and psrbaps occasionally climb trees. It is covered with a fine silvery grey fur of great thickness. This fur is very valuable on account of its beauty and scarcity, and muffs, rugs, &e;, made of it com mand high prices. The platypus is found in many of the rivers of temperate Australia, and is pretty numerous near the sources of the Murray and Murrumbidgee. A good many have been seen in the Glenelg from time to time by sportsmen, but are very hard to catch or shoot. At present Mr. Davison keeps Ms in a large packing case, provided with a quantity of water and earth, and feeds it on bread crumbs and pieces of meat. It is .very healthy and lively, and Mr. Davison has* good hopes that it will &ucceed;,in captivity. He intends having a large shallow tank and bank constructed to enable the little animal to exercise its peculiar proclivi . ties to its heart's content. Mr. Burnett's Saturday niglit meeting at Kent Town did not take place, owing to the un propitious state of the weather, which rendered it impossible for an outdoor meeting to be held. As numbers of persons had assembled from a distance Mr. Burnett conducted a social meec . ing in one of the rooms attached to the Wes leyan Church, Kent Town. The meeting dif fered from Mr. Burnett's ordinary Saturday night gatherings in one par ticular, there being no formal speeches made. A number of gentlemen spontaneously bore testimony to the genuineness and permanency of the work accomplished in the city and suburbs. The Eev. J. G. Wright referred to two men, both of them confirmed drunkards, who first signed the pledge at Mr. Burnett's meetings at Norwood, and then attended church. He had good reason for Eaying that both were changed men. Another well-known character from the oity bore testi mony to the direct personal benefits he had derived from the adoption of the pledge, which was taken by him at one of the first meetings in Adelaide. He knew many in all parts of the city who took the pledge at the same time, and ho bad only met with one who had broken it. Mr. Burnett-stated that that was the first Saturday night for five months that he had been prevented from holding his mass meetings. He hoped, however, to condcct two at Kent Town, which wonld olose his mission around the city. The crusade was steadily advancing. During the week he had administered the pledge to two men who had been sent to him without friends or home, the result of drink; 137 had signed at his religions meetings, and he believed a great work wonld yet be accomplished. On Sunday evening Mr. Burnett addressed a very large congregation in the Wesleyan Church, Kent Town, on " Royal companions." :Oae-half of the congregation re mained at the after meeting. Mr. Burnett will conduct a mothers' meeting this afternoon in the Wesleyan Church, Kent Town. Mrs.Ch ese man, Mrs. Slous, and the Misses Milner and Davidson will aing. A preliminary meeting to consider the establishing of a Church of Euglaud at Good wood is to be held at Goodwood this evening.; The half-yearly meeting of the Licensed Victuallers Association is to be held this eveuing at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. An entertainment in aid of the South United Cricket Club is to take place iu the Eechabite HaH,|Grote-street, thisevening. The annual meetings of the South Aus tralian Baptist Association are to be held during the week. This eveniBg there .will be a public meeting in the Flinders-street Baptist Church Lecture Hall, to consider the formation of a Fureedpore Bible Sooiety. Mr. James Smith is to preside. , 