^mmmntB. THE OPEKA. " D E E FEBISOHUTZ." Weber's acknowledged chtf-d'ceuvre was put upon the stage of the Theatre Boyal on Friday night for the first time during the last five years, with the following cast of the characters:— Prince Ottocar, Mr. G.J A. Johnston; Max, Mr. Armes Beaumont; Gasper, Mr. O. H. Templeton; Kuno, Mr. Arthur Howell; Hermit, Mr. Whitworth ; Killian, Mr. H. Vernon; Zamiel, Mr. B. Levison; First Bridesmaid, Miss Harris ; Second Bridesmaid, Miss Trevorah; Agatha, Miss Elsa May ; Anne, Madame Kose Hersee. When we mention that a thoroughly soaking rain set in about an hour before the commencement of the opera our readers will be prepared for tbe statement that there was but a very mea&re; attendance. They will consequently be surprised to be informed of the fact tbat there was actually the largest assemblage since the opening night. This most be attributable to the popularity of the work itself. " Der Freischutz" was first produced at Berlin June 18, 1821, and fairly took the Teutonic mind by surprise. Yet, two or three years afterwards, when attempts were made to introduce it to a London audience, the qaidnunss doubtfully shook their grave heads. Mr. Charles Kemble pronounced the drama " inactable" and the music M crude." Mr. T. Oooke, the musical director of Drurv-Iane Theatre, could not advise the managemen* to risk its nroductioD," and when it eventually found a foothold upon the Englisb stage Mr. .Braham declined to take the part of Max. except conditionally upon his being permitted to interpolate the music with some English ballads. Miss Noel's "Agatha" wan a pronounced failure, and even the incantation scene was witnessed with decided expressions of disapprobation. But in spite of the imaginary " crudities" seen in it by Mr. Cook, and the admitted defects of more judicious critics, its intrinsic merits have gained for it a position in tbe repertoires of almost every opera sompany of any pretension in the civilized world. Its performance on Friday night must, we think, have faliy realized the expectations of the large audience who witnessed it. Miss Elsa May was in excellent voice. Her rendering of that exquisite scena " Softly sighs the voice of evening" was a finished piece of vocalization, and the effect was much heightened by tbe subdued instrumentation of the orchestra in the legato movements. The result was an unmistakable encore. It may perhaps be thought that Miss May's acting was too quiet and formal, but it must be remembered that Agatha is a simple unsophisticated village maiden passing through a tryiug ordeal, and that any exhibition of strong emotion would be qaite out of place. The part of Anne is scarcely subordinate to tbat of Agatha. Madame Hersee's singing was much admired, especially in the florid airs " Oh, I hate this sighing" and " If a youth shonld meet a maiden," both of which were " applauded to the echo," as tbe critics phrase it. Mr. Beaumont's acting was natural, unrestrained, and appropriate throughout. His singing was much admired, though the fact of bis appearing night after night in leading characters seems to tell rather severely upon him by evidently impairing the freBhnesj of his fine tenor voice. The rest of the characters were well sustained. The famous Bezaurerung in the Furchtertiche Felsenschlucht, known as the incantation scene in the wolf's dismal rocky 'len, was ss very well managed that the curtain Ma a to be raised in response to the call of the bouse. The weird character of the music, so sad by fits, by starts so wild," and the combination of mechanical and pyrotechnic effects, taken in connection with tbe magical diablerie thrown around the whole, served to render the scene more than usually attractive. We would suggest, however, that the effect would ba much heightened by stationing the " chorus of invisible spirits" farther from the proscenium. The voices were not in this instance " by distance made more sweet," as they might have been by the simple means we have [ested. Genertlly speaking, however, the choruses were very well rendered, especially the famous Huntsmen's Chorus, whioh was encored. The soto voce passages were carefully given, by which the good effect was much enhanced. Der Freischutz" is to be repeated this evening. SCHOOL EKTEBTAENHENT.—The annual tea and entertainment of the Central Schools, Pulteneystreet, was held on Friday, October 15. The pupils had an outing in the afternoon on ..the Park Lands. At 4 o'clock, 350 of them assembled in the schoolroom to tea, and at 6 o'clock the parents and other friends partook of s similar refreshment. 7 he entertainment took place at when tbe large schoolroom was crowded to excess. The master (the Bev. W. S. Moore) presided. The programme comprised songs, recitations, aud readings, carried out principally by old scholars, who testified in this manner tbeir respect for their old teacher, and their desire to encourage the present scholars. Mr. J. W. Herbert presided at the pianoforte, and all the performers were most rapturously applauded. THE MAYOR'S SATURDAY EVEKINQ CONCERTS. a a t p a o As —The last concert of the third series under the auspiceB of the Mayor and City Council will take place to-night in the Town Hall. The musical director is Mr. George Robertson, whose recent entertainments have given unqualified satisfaction, and drawn crowded houses. On tbis occasion a particularly attractive programme has been drawn up, the selections embracing popular 88 well as high-class music, so that the taste of every one should be pleased. A feature in the concert will be the appearance of Madame .Robertson with two of her lady pupils, who will sing one or two piecec together. Mons. Jules Meilhan, B.A., the accomplished pianist, is also going to appear, besides Mr. T. H. Jones (organist), and Messrs. H. G. Nash and C. E. Mumme. PROFESSOR PEPPER'S ENTERTAINMENT.—The weather somewhat interfered with the attendance at Garner's Theatre last evening. Nevertheless, the very amusing illusions of the ghosts were much appreciated by the spectators, and the beauty of the statuary pictures called forth ell-merited applause. This evening there is to be a chance of programme. GESANGVEEEIN FIDRLITAS. — The Fidelitis Society, under the conductorship of Herr Otto Starge, held a " social 1 ' at the Hotel Europe oa Friday evtninr. In spite of the inclemency of the weal her there was a largo attendance, and an [attractive programme was most successfully carried out. The Fidelitaa sang several Ghoruses in a fine style as regards time and expression; but the gem of the evening was tha quintette from "Martha," wbich was loudly applauded, and had to be repeated. Miss Vandepeer was also encored for her rendering of the song, Sad heart, O take thy rest." We understand that Herr Stange, assisted by the Fidelit«s Society, will, by permission of the City Council, give another popular concert in the Town Hall. CONCERT AT SHITHFIELD. —The annual concert in aid of the Smithfield Institute was held in Mr. Blake's store, at Smithfield, ou Friday eveniDg, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather it was a great success. Mr._W. S. Bennett, of Gawler, occupied the chair, and there were about 150 persons present. The programme was long and varied, and was gone through with spirit, several ladies and gentlemen of Gawler tending to make the programme successful. The Chairman reDorted that the Institute had been established seven years. There were thirty subscribers, and they had £95 cash in the Bank. POPULAR MEDICAL LECTURES.—The first of a course of lectnres was delivered at the Children's Hospital on Thursday afternoon by Dr. Verco, who took for his subject " Tbe temperature of the buman body in health." There were about thirty ladies present. The leoturer began by referring to the thermometer as a test of the temperatnre of the hnman frame, and remarked that the further one went from the centre of the body the lower the heat of the surface became. The average temperature of the body when in health was 984°. and it was surprising to notice bow little it varied, notwithstanding the difference in tbe state of the surrounding atmosphere. This was the case even in the extreme cold of tbe Arctic regions, and tbe extreme heat of a climate such as our own. In tbis respect man had the advantage over the lower animals, and it was this ability to preserve an uniform temperature that distinguished a warm-blooded animal. The lecturer then spoke of the care that should be exercised in adapting the clothing both of the old and of the young to these changes, while especial care should be taken to prevent exposure to cold night air or to excessive midday heat. The notion that by carelessness in that respect the constitution of the offending individual was hardened was, except within very narrow limits, a popular fallacy and a fruitful source of disease. If, a nap were taken during the day a rug should be thiown over the body, otherwise a person rendered himself liable to catch cold. This precaution should especially be attended to in the case of infants. The taking of food tended somewhat to raise the temperature, while alcohol had an entirely opposite tendency. The heat of the body was generated by the food that was taken into it. If a man were kept without ford he would not waste away and die from that circumstance alone, but he would die because he got so cold that life could no longer be sustained. THE SPAUHOW NUISANCE.—We have beard of an lLStance in which two lads have done their btst towards diminishing the sparrow nuisance. In ore ray they succeeded in obtaining on one estate near Adelaide no less than 2,000 eggs, of which all but one were sparrows' eggs. This is certainly " bird- nesting" extraordinary. 