HoMK AND FnliKKiN. Phylloxera is still making rapid headway in France, 10,000 acres of vim's having, during this last year, been destroyed. Misery and ruin are now observed in those once smiling fertile wine districts. The number of wolves in France is even now estimated at “>.000.000. 100 francs per wolf is the price now to he paid for their heads. The Peruvians have not now got the ghost of a chance, yet the President refuses mediation, and declares he will tight to the end. Sir Gavan Duffy, now in England, in a recent, speech, said ''Australia is one of the most pro sperous countries in the world, and lie rejoiced to say that nowhere, not even in the United States, was there so large a proportion of Irish men who were landed proprietors.’’ American ingenuity is still to the fore. "A new gun, which can fire “>0U0 shots in 13 minutes, was recently tested in Washington. The Queen has refused the use of the Savoy Chapel, in the Strand, for the marriage of the 15a.rone.ss Burdett-Coutts with Mr. Ellis Aslunead Bartlett. The continuance of peace between France and Germany is becoming very improbable, owing to Gambctta's recent speech. Large purchases of arms are known to have been made in Ireland, and it has been ascer tained that at least 100 rifles have lately passed into the hands of .su.speeled persons. A numerouly attended meeting was held at Kildare on the Kith ult. in favour of Home Rule, and in connection, with the land agitation now so extensively prevailing. The English papers regret the exclusion of the Australian cricketing team from the London clubs, and comment, upon the injustice of the very scurvy treatment; they have received. Thirteen persons, eight ladies and five gentle men, were received into the Catholic Church at the Church of the Oratory, Prompt on, Eng land, on 13th May. The converts included two ex-clergymen of the Protestant Church. Cardi nal Newman was to have presided at the recep tion and addressed the neophytes, but was not able, owing to fatigue. The British Government is aware that inflam matory papers have been forwarded from Con stantinople, with the knowledge of the Porte, for circulation amongst the Mahommedan population of India. Since the repeal of the late coercive acts, there have been large purchases of arms in Ire land, and trouble is expected after the har vest, when the landlords will claim their back rent. Some of the speakers at the meet ings have urged the formation of a union to the number of 3(H),OOu to refuse the payment of rent and harass the landlords. The Australian Eleven are beaten at last- ! A gas main pipe exploded on the nth July near Tottenham-eourt-road London. A great gap was made in the road. Several adjoining houses were almost completely destroyed. Two persons were killed, and several badly injured. Lord l’lunket. who is also bishop of Meath, 1 laving voted against the Compensation for Dis turbances (Ireland) Bill in the Mouse of Lords Before taking the, oath of allegiance, an indem nity bill has been introduced which the Irish members in the House of Commons are obstruct ing with the object of mulcting Lord Plunket in penalties for so voting. Then! are daily increasing indications of re newed Fenian activity in Ireland. A severe shock of earthquake was felt in Manilla, the (thief town of the l’hillippine Islands, early last month, which did much damage. A second shock Was experienced on July 20\. The earthquake caused a teirible panic, and inflicted enormous damage on the town. Harvest operations in England have now been commenced, and are proceeding satisfactorily in many parts of the country. The general pros pect of the crops is now favourable. The expense of an “ enquiry" as to the pro priety of purchasing a farm for sewage purposes, near Hampton Court, England, amounted to i *• 20,000. The shorthand writer’s notes fill a volume of over 2000 pages. A noble Drench priest in the Hawaiian Archi pelago has generously devoted his life and services to those there afflicted with leprosy, lie can never hope to see country or friends. Lepers his companions for life here, angels here after in Heaven. France is yet Catholic. The Attorney-Gene rals of the Republic at Lyons, Douai, Limoges, ban, Versailles, and other provinces have, re signed their positions rather than enforce the penal law against, the Jesuits. More than a 1000 leading members of the bar have protested against the penal decree, designating it “a blot upon the present, incapable of constituting a precedent for the future.” Dr. Tanner, who attempted the feat of fasting for 40 days and nights, commenced vomiting on the 35th day, and was unable to dress himself. The Blessed Jean Baptise de la Salle. —The second centenary of the Blessed Jean Baptiste de la Salle, founder of the Institute of the Brothers of Christian Schools, celebrated on June 24 throughout France, was not merely a fete de famille, but in some respects a national manifestation, which extended to every village where there is a school directed by the Brothers. The coadjutor Archbishop of Baris, the Bishop of Limoges, the coadjutor of Bordeaux, the Bishop of Mans, Mgr. Clay, It. P. Monsabre, It. P. Matignon, It. P. Ollivier were among the preachers who pronounced the panegyric of the Founder of the Institute in various cathedrals. These demonstrations were provoked by the attacks now being made on the preservation of Christian education and the maintenance of the Instit ute of the Christian Brothers in France. Death of Mr. George Bryan.—The death is announced of Mr. George Leopold Bryan, of Jenkinstown-park, County Kilkenny, late AI.P. for that couuty. He was the only son of the late Mr. George Jenkins Bryan, of Jenkinstown park, by his marriage with Margaret, daughter of the late Air. William Talbot, of Castle Talbot, County Wexford, and was born in the year 1828\. He was a magistrate and dcputy-licu tenant for County Kilkenny, served as High Sheriff of that county in 1852, and sat as one of its representatives in Parliament, in the Home Kule interest, from 1805 down to the recent dissolution, when ho retired. Mr. Bryan married, in 1845), Lady Elizabeth Georgiana Conyngham, third daughter of Francis, second Marquis Conyngham, K.P., and sister of the present peer. R.I.P. 