lUppeni'B Hint the Education qncation is not to bo the MiiiiBlcrinl iiatllc- cry nt the coming , general election, an, judging from one portion of tlio speech delivered by Sir Ilcnry Parlcca at Alburyi.on Tuesday evening, lie has ma terially modified hia views bi'iico he nddrcsscd his constittients at Ashlicld nearly two months ' ago. At ihnt time tho Premier was strongly impressed .with the necessity of making tin nvowed allegiance to tho Education Act the test of any and every candidate's fitness to obtain a seat in the Assem bly ; and ho was so earnest in the mat ter that he emphatically declared that in his opinion the electors should not rote for nny man who would not pledge himself to support the Act. This was the advice ho gave the electors at Ashfinld ; hut nt Albtiry he took a broader view of the subject, nnd set up a standard of poliiical qualification, for legislative responsibilities which gives the electors a much wider choice. The remarks made by Sir Honry Pnrkcs when addressing his constituent) attracted considerable atten tion' nt the time, and as they arc of interest, especially in connection with his recent re marks nt Albury, wo will reproduce the two utterances. Speaking ut Ashficld, Sir Henry PurkcB said : Ho said there what he was prepared to say any where and everywhere — tlmt no nraii should be supported by tho friends of freedom in the colony who would not openly pledge himself to main tain tho Education Act ns it now stood. That was the decision remitted to tlie electors of the country. Thoy (tho Ministry) had done their part ; the Legislative Assembly und tho Legisla tive Council hnd emulated each other in doing their part. Thoy had carried tho liill by such largo majorities us had never before marked the pas sage of any important Rill through Parliament. Hat the final verdict was remitted to tho electors to say whoLbcrthey would return to priestly domi nation lu tho education of children, or whether tho education of thair ehildrcu should remain free. . . . Have no conciliation, hnvo no hesitation, liavo no feeble expression that he would givo the matter his consideration ; but let tho electors point out the section of tho Act which said that State aid to Denominational scliooU should cense uud delcrmino on tha lllst December, 1882, aud then let the candi date ho asked whether he would support that. They should ask hlra whether he would support that, nud accept no answer short of his support of it. Whether ha was a Roman Catholic or a weak-kneed Protes tant mattered not— thoy should have It out of him. llo must hnvo made up bin mind — the Lldng had been before him long enough ; nnd they should demand and tear it out of him whather ha would support the cluuso as it stood or oppose it. This was a free country, and ha hail a right to oppose it ; but ho thought every friend of freedom must withhold liis vote from thu man who would not support it. At Albttry Iho Trotnicr said ; Wo wore now nppronching a general election, and ns intelligent men lie called upon them to chonso representatives who would deal witli all questions from a national point of Tiow, and lint to elect thorn upon some cry, or upon nny one question. Lot them look nt tho general tltnesH of candidates ; and thoy Bliould rcmcuibor that they were electing men who would deal with their liberties and their lives. It will be Been from tho Premier's remarks at Albury that he hns ahnmloiictl the policy of making "aye" or "no" on tho Educa tion- question the test of a .candidate's claim to tho support of the electors. The change in the lion, gentleman's vioivs may bo the rosult of n coil victiori come to since ho spoke nt Ashficld, that tho Education Act is not in tho danger he'iimigined it was at that time. Since then a significant demonstration lias bicn imuln, nnd an important manifesto pub lished, by one section of the coiuinnnitv, whose opposition to Ilia Ant Sir Ilonry Pnrkcs naturally enough apprehended. Tlie .Roman Catholics, or at lonst a representative section of tliem, hnvo come to tlie conclusion that it would, be folly for them to exclude enpabio men from Parliament, nnd disfran chise thomselvcs, through indulL'iiiL'in a fntiln opposition to the Education Act, nnd 'an equally useless championing of denomi- liatiomilism. Some weeks since we pub lished tlie pnrtienlarH of a meeting of Roman Catholic laymen, nnd also an extract from an article which appeared in tlie Free.- //i cot's Journal, from which it could be gathered that those who were concerned in tlio meeting nnd the article were determined not to lot tlio Education question ostracise them from public life. They may not like tho Act nmoli, but thoy imve a greater objec tion to political suicide. They accept tlio Education 'Act 'as an unpleasant reality "with which they cannot interfere, nnd thoy recogniso tho fact . tliht to enter upon a quixoticnl electioneering crusade against it would lie prima facie, if not absolute, evidence of political insanity. There are other im portant subjects which will imve to bo dealt witli by tho next Parliament, and wo pre sume those who hnvo given up tlie Education question ns n bnd job, at nil events for the prosont, think thoy should liavo a fair shnro in tlio consideration nnd settlement' of thorn, which they undoubtedly would 'not lmvo did they persist in seeking tlio honour ntnl glory of Denominational Martyr dom. This policy on tlio part of ono divisidil of Denominationalists, and which will probably, be adopted by tlie others, has no doubt conio do tlie knowledge of the Premier; and accept ing it in good faith ho may liavo withdrawn :from tho position lie took u(i at Ashficld, and 'possibly tlio hon. . -gentleman inay bo well pleased to have had iho opportunity to bent " a masterly retreat." " a masterly iTtreat," Were the hnrd-nnd- .fast liito of Educational Act supremacy ad hered to an the watchword by tho Government and did the constituencies accept and act upon it, the rosult would bo tlmt many men would bo excluded from (he Assembly whoso absence the Premier himself would probably regret. Even on tho principle of Tlio atom joy which warriors fuel fa fociuei) worthy of their steel. Sir Henry Parkes should feci n disinclination to banish all tho opponents of tho Education Act vyho are now members of the moribund Assembly from tho nc- Houso. Thero arp also several candid ics ntmoHncod for constituencies whoso re! nt would ba im- Sossjblu jf tlio oloctore whoso. suHragos tpjr are seeking noted vin accordance with the advice tendered at Ashfield. Dealt with under that test of eligibility they would have no chance whntcvcr of being';, returned ; but under tlie Albury standard; of considering " tho general fitness ;,of candidates," their success should bo pretty, well nssnred.' With out wishing to be invidious, . we might refer to twogcntlcmen ns exam pies— one as arcprcsen- tnlive of Denominationalism, who is at present a member of Parliament representing one sec tion of the opponents of the Education Act, and the other ns n candidate for a sent in the1 new Assembly who represents the other portion of the community who nro also opposed to the existing law. Mr. Alexander' Stuart is a Dcnumiuntionnlist lo tho backbone and spinal mnrrow, but when ho was beforo tbe electors of the constituency which ho represents, he admitted that his opinions were so much opposed lo thoBc of the great majority of the people that he felt himsolf, compelled to yield to public opinion and permit the Education question to remain in abeyance. 'He said in effect tlmt bo accepted the Act ns tbe will of tho people, nud tlmt lie- would . therefore submit to the inevitable. It would be impossible, however, to " icnr it out " of Mr. Stuart that ho approved of tlio Education Act, and extract n pledge from him tlmt when the lime came to filially abolish. State aid to Denominational schools he wouhl he in favour of such a proposition — sup posing that either in 1882 or in tho meantime a proposal should be made to niter tho section of tlio Act which provides for such a cjtnnge in our educatioual system. Without such n promise, however, Mr. Stuart,- 'according to the Ashficld policy, should. bo blackballed ns a politician, though on the ground of " general " fitness " ns a representative, wc imagine his claims to n scat in tlio Legislature are 'unde niable. The man who was selected by the Government to represent' the colony in Eng land must surely bo capable of representing a constituency in the Assembly, on the brand ground of " general fitness." As the other example of the "general fitness" qualification, anil a representative of the disqualified can didates under tho Education Act test, we may refer to Sir P. A. Jennings, who has signified his intention of contesting the Bogan con stituency. It would bo ns unreasonable to oxpoct him, as n member of tho Itoman Catholic Church nnd avowed disbe liever in tho Edacntion Act, to " support" it ns demanded by Sir Henry Pnrkcs nt Ashfiold, ns it wouhl ho to Httppoac a similar abandon ment of principle on the part of Mr. Stuart ns a member of the Church of England. But would tho Premier make Sir Patrick Jennings's', views on the Edncnlion question a pcrpctunl bar to his election to a scat in tho Assembly? When lie was nt Ashfield ho would liavo given an answer to such a question in tho affirma tive ; but ho hnR sinco had cause, apparently, to change his mind, and lie now cnlls upon tho electors, "as intelligent men, to ehooso " representatives who would deal witli all " questions from n nntionnl point of view, " and not to elect them upon some cry " or upon nny one question ; lot them " look nt the general fitness of camlidntcs." This leaves a fair field nnd no secturion dis favour to nil creeds and conditions of candi dates ; nnd under all tho circumstances of present opinions and coming, contingencies, wc liavo to congratulate tho Premier that he has seen his way to withdraw from a position which, if maintained, could only hnvo tended to pcrpetunto feelings of undesirable antago nisms by raising nn issue which would be but the ghost of n defunct contention. Tlicro must bo n coufiieliou of feeling in the iniud of every, ntomber of .the community with respect to the meeting which was held in the Itoynl Hotel yestcrdny afternoon. All those who respoct the law and desiro to sco tho dignity of its administration upheld, but who nt tiie same time prize the freodom of the Press nud 'feel determined to protect it, will bo perplexed with tho mental contention whether thoy should most regret that the necessity for such a meeting existed, or rejoice that, tho occasion having arisen, such a significant response to nil almost impromptu appeal should have taken place. \Ve told tlieir Honors the Judges yesterday that they were mistaken in boasting that the whole power of the community .was at their backs, anil wo may lenvo it to them to decide, after reading the report of yester day s meeting, .whether or not our words were tin) words of wisdom. It rcmnins, of course, to bo proved into what proportions tho movo- uiont which was initiated yesterday will develop; but it is not going too far -to say that prosont appearances hnvo nn ominous aspect ns regards the prestige of the Supreme Court Boiiclt — so fnr nt lenst as the judicial re putation, or porndveuturo position, of their Honors tho Chief Justice, Sir William Mnuniug and Mr. Justice Pniicett are con cerned. It is 110 ordinary, feeling of dissatis faction which could induce geutlemen holding pi'ominojit public positions ns representatives of the citizens in Parliament and in tlio Mu nicipal Council to come forward, as Alderman Young, Alderman O'Connor, Alderman Taylor nnd Alderman Green did yester day, and tnlco tlio responsibility of declaring war against tho arbitrary; potvor which their Honors liavo exercised, nnd .peradveuturo usurped. And it is just ns significant of the tlcep feeling of resentment which pervades the community to find gentlemen like Dr. Band, jhi. uaivun ana ivir, Ilaminoiul auaiulouing the privacy in which thoy prefer, ns a rule, to live, in oriler to take part in the proceedings of a meeting called for the, purpose of protost- ing ngninst judicial despotism In high places. Public men who hold positions which they esteem highly for the honour they involve, and which thoy would ho careful not lo risk the loss of, and private citizens who nro not anxious to" forco themselves into notoriety, are alike galvanized into action; and oven with this preliminary manifestation of sym pathy and proof that it has Dublin .Opinion at its hack, the Press may take lionrt of jfi'itco, and continue. to cxerciso its functions fearlessly as regards tlio' .consequences to itsolf, nnd faithfully ns concorns the interests of tho public. In tho Victorian _ Assembly on Wednesday, Mr 11. Murray Smith gavo notice — " That on Tuesday ,_ Septoniher 28, ho would move' that in the opinion of this House no; general sohemo of retrenchment, involving the dismissal or pensioning of public servants, Biionld lie carried info effect until s'lleh schoino has bson submitted to Parliament," In a short .conversation tlmt preceded this notice, it was elicited tlmt tlio Government were not prepared to liiy itny definite scheme of re trenchment before tlie House, tlio implication being tlmt - thoy'' Imd formed ' tlio intention of applying tlio pruiiiug-kiiife to tlio Civil Service wherever in tlieir judgment thoy lire warranted in so doing. In other words, Sir. Deny seems jto bo taking advantage .of .-tho-. temporary financial exigencies to introduce tlmt most per nicious of, American .systems,, which gives to ; lb n victors in political contests tho spoils of .office. It is argued thut; lnuiiy of tlie offices winch the Govcrmnout nro "abolishing" will lmvo to bo resuscitated without imieh delay.' It is 'alleged, indeed, tlmt eveii n'ow, while thoy uro dismissing old and tried servnnta oh the one hand, thoy are .hiking an now. man- whoso political views correspond with their own on tfio other hand ; and even allowing a large dis count for exaggeration, there' can "ho no doubt that party cnasidui-qtiinis are inonlinntely in- lliionouig Mr. llerry am) his colleagues iq their procedures. Thuirroluctuiieo to lay q (|efiuitivo soI))juio before (ho Assembly iy ity itaelf mis- melons, 'riiatsyiilenmtio reireueluu'ont iH .'need ful is reeognisec) not i|lone ou tho Treasury benches, but also by the lcq(|crj of tlio Oppo sition. Mr. Service included 'in' rids mxigrninine u. measure, whereby the dimensions, of tho Civil Service would bo considerably ciiftqiled ami the charge iipon tlio country jwjqcod.' Mr. Berry ought, thorofbrej to hnvo' no/four tliut an honest measure of rctronohmpnt" would !incot with disfavour even ninong liis most thorough going opponents. But; presumably, lie has no honest niensuro to offer. He evidently 'wishes to avnil of the opportunity afforded by tho necessity for economy to sweep out tlie public offices— firstiyj to 'punifib men who hold opinipns antagonistic to his own!; and, secondly, to make room for political supporters or their friends. . If lie should succeed in carrying out his aims, no doubt when lie is superseded by the Conservatives they will proceed to turn out his creatures and put in their own. Thiswns how tlie American system wns initiated ; nnd like causes produce like effects all the world over. Tlio reply of Sir I-Ionry Parkes to the depu tation which on Fridaj' laid before him tlie re solutions of (lie late Municipal Conference must be regarded ns eminently satisfactory. It wns not to bo expected, of course, tlmt the Prime ..Minister would be prepared to ncccpt every ono of the recommendations preferred ; nor, indeed, tlmt lie would be ready to express anything more limn n general opinion on the several questions raised by tho resolutions. These matters will have to be weighed witli tlio ut most care, in conjunction with the general policy of the Cabinet in regnril to local govern ment. But Sir Henry Parkes' speech clonrly indicates that he is in sympathy with the aims and objects of the Conference ; nnd Ids promise tlmt the fullest consideration should be given lo the representations tlmt were put before him leaves little or nothing to bo desired. Tlio depu- tntion.might imve experienced a slight pung of disappointment at tho somewhat mea sured character of the Ministerial utter ance ; hut it must not bo forgotten tlmt nt the present juncture it would be ill- ndvised for the Government to commit them selves as to the details of the measure they Iihto promised to lay before tlio country nt the proper time. As the business stands nt present, tbe Government are engaged in accumulating dutn. Tho outcome of the labours of tlie Con ference is assuredly, ns Sir Henry Parkes men tioned, a valuable contribution to tho fund of information which must needs bo collected be fore the work of drafting a Bill can be begun. But its true value cannot lie measured until the whole body of facts are brought together, nnnlyscd and compared. If the task is set nhout in the spirit breathed throughout Sir Henry Parkes's remarks, thero can lie no doubt tlmt we shall obtain an acceptable Bill. The Prime .Minister fully recognised the fact that the chief nitn of u local government Bchcmo should bo the decentralisation of public func tions and responsibilities. lie expressed tho opinion tlmt tlie powers of municipal bodies could not bo. too extensive, providcu the law gave efficient means whereby tlio ratepayers could correct any abuse of those powers. And in these passages .wo have a broad principle Inid down, which, if successfully embodied in tbe proposed enactment, should place the local governing bodies of the colony on a sound and satisfactory footing. The continued resistance of the Porte to tho demands of the Great Powers, as described by the telegrams of yesterday, is almost inexplic able, unless there is something in the situation tlint cannot lie perceived by onlookers. As fur buck ns August 6, clown to which date wc hnvc mail advices, there was a general concurrence of oninion in favour of tlie idea tlmt Turkey would accept the decision of the Berlin Con ference with respect, to tlie cession of Dulcigno to Montenegro, and tlmt nn understanding would soon bo come to with respect to the graver .question of the Greek frontier. Tlio Collective Noto signifying tho determinations of the Powers was presented to tho Sultan on August 3, und 21 days wero allowed for tlio execution of the demands. On August 0, ac cording to tlio Times, the Turkish Foreign Minister informed Mr. Goschen tlmt tlio Porte would settle the Montenegrin ques tion before tlie expiration of tlio period named. Yet yesterday, nearly two months nftcr tho delivery of what may be called the last word of diplomacy, wc 'find the Porte launching out with a fresh protest, and definitely und finally refusing to cede Dnlcigno except upon conditions which tlio Powers cannot allow. No doubt the Government at Constanti nople has to consider the feelings of tlie Mnhoinedim population ; lint on the faco of things it is certainly not easy, even making allowance for this feature of the ease, to ac count for the bold nnd determined front tlmt has been assumed by the Porto ut. the eleventh hour. Can thero bo any guino on beneath tlie sitrfaco V The Grent Powers appear to bo very much con cerned about the honour of Turkey over tho Dulcigno business. In the hojie tlmt the district nmy yet he ceded to Montenegro without resort to arms tho departure of the combined licet from lingusa lure been pat off till Wednesday; Tho obstinate attitude of Turkey is no donbt largely duo to tlie liopo tlmt Ibis disinclination to take ex treme measures will increase and ultimately lead to a division of the Powers, la Ireland there hns been another terrible outrage, Viscount Moimtmorrcs having been shot dead in the vicinity of Donburn. The assassin in not yet arrested, hat the police are said to lmvo a clue to his identity. Tho land agi tation i->, it nppenrs, increasing. Meetings are being held in various parts of Ireland, and inflam matory speeches indulged in, especially by Mr. Parncll, who declared that tbe only solution of the difficulty is to give the tenants nn ownership in tha Innds thoy cultivate. In another column will bo found a full report of tho preliminary meeting hold yesterday nftornoon, in the Royal Hotel, witli respect to the action of tho Supreme Court Judges in the recent case in re the Jivenin// iVewt. Alderman John Young, who pre sided, and nil the 'subsequent speakers, expressed in strong terms their disapprobation of the dcoi- Bion arrived at in the ease ; and three resolutions, embodying tho views set forth and calling upon tho Mayor to convene n meeting for an expression of public opinion, wero enthusiastically carried. The proceedings terminated with n hearty voto of thnnks to the clmirmun. Tit weather yesterday was unpleasantly cold, with almost incossunt ruin front morning up to mfdnight. Tho wind was southerly, nnd tho barometer rose from 29-7 to 30'. At Noweastlo and along tho north coast there was n heavy gale, and inland the rain wns general. Tho Cumpbelltomn Tlerald was greatly pleased on Thursday afternoon to notice Mr. Morlnrtv inspecting tho loculity of the proposed Kenny Hill water scheme. That paper ndds " We feel convinced ho can come to no other conclusion than that the Kenny Hill scheme is prcfarnblo to all others. Mr. Moriarty, as a practical man, will no duu.bt readily perceive the many advantages to bo derived, and upon bis arrival in Sydney will notify the Government to that olfect. No tiino should bo lost, ns preparations are being made for the construction of the tramway, which will run through the land forming part of tho reservoir." It is undemtood in Sydney, however, tlmt Mr. Moriarty is by no means favourably impressed with the. Kenny Hill project. The JSngiiiccr-in- Oli.ief, it is said, condemns Mr. Gipps's plans at all points. In tho first place the upper reservoir is pronounced to bo cnpnblo of holding only 20 days' supply ;. secondly, tlio pipe route is condemned because it crosses the St. George's river, which is liable to bo lloodcd ; and then the calculations of cost are held to bo bad, frorti those relating to tho pipes upward. But wo shall lmvo to wait until Mr. Gipps furnishes thu fall pnrtioulars of his soheme, and Mr. Moriarty lias prepared his report thereon, before we nro in a position, to say what weight ought to bo attached to the objections, Mr, Moore, Uircotor of tlio Botauio Gardens, shipped on board tho Ly-cc-Moon, on Saturday Inst, for tlio Melbourne Exhibition, n number of largo plants pccnllnrly characteristic of the coast vegetation of Now South Wales. These princi pally consisted of the representatives af all the palms and all the tree ferns Indigenous to this colony, Among them were splondid'spccimcns of Pliatycoriums orstng-hora ferns, ono of the smaller kind being 'about half a ton lu weight, and ouo magnificent smuplo of the larger sort; two As- plcnium Nidus, or bird's nasi fern; three species of Matiroznmiu ; two plant; of Doryantlius, or gigantic lily, jpst coming in flower; two Telopca Hpcciossima, or warn t ah ; onoXnu thorrhoen , or grass- tree; ouo I'andnniiR.and onoGymnostnelij's. These werochieily collected in the Ullntlulln iind lliawarra districts, ! by men sent for the purpose ; and although all were romarkably splendid specimens, and as large as could bo conveniently removed, it is feared tlmt as: they have just been taken from the bush they may sutler severely from removal as well as from tho voyage, aud may therefore not arrive in a state altogether worthy to represent tho plants of which thoy are typos. Mr. Moore will bo, nt Melbourne to see the plants properly arranged. At a well-attended meeting of residents in tlie Woolhilira Council Chambers lust night (Mr. W. J. Trickctr, tlio mnyor of the borough presiding), several gontlemmi wore nppointcd to wait ou the Minister for Works " lo urge tho immediate con. Btiuction or the tramway to Woollnhrn, in accord ance with former proiuisos, and in tiie terms of the contracts already cntcretrililo." Great dissa tisfaction with the R'lndwiek line having been completed before tho one in question was expressed ly several speakers. The entrance to the Mqoro l'ark gates was yes- ' tgrday uftornoqn ngaiq tflp , scope of opo of the tramway motors partially leaving Lfle line, 'iW of tlio wheels went off tlio rails, and before thoy could be placed in proper position, and traffic again resumed, a delay of fully three-., mrlers of : " Z The atidc of |!,e So" , palscngprs,'" m 'i l'">'ticularly unpleasant for . if. The sittings of the Court of Quarter Sessions "'?rf commenced yesterday, before His Hontr Mr ' District Court Judge Dowling. A number of nri- soners pleaded guilty to the charges upon which 0Ll hey wore arraigned, and were remanded for ran- ft tencc. A number of other cnscn wore disposed of ' particulars of which will be found in another column. Tbe Conrt, upon its ri«fnc mlinnmA/i nntit 10 o'clock this (Tuesday) morning. djonrnctl On luesday night Cooma wns -visited (snys-the v Express) with a most terrific storm of wind-such iv'' LSr !J" ri uWost inhal,it'ts do not remem- her the like. Several nccidents, more .or lecS ids terious, resulted from tho storm ; chimncy-tops were , 1"" fl0qr ' "ntl iron on "jofs was '1 V'c rof of a house, the property of a blmvlfnff '11??1 Uuateci 0n tbe h'oyai Liill, was lri blown off, and has not since been scon or heard of. ££ A plucky rescue from drowning is related in the V nh'i T" l a\l\ ?nstcr Morris " son of Mr!" »< 'nn nrrV- Aalfurn' snve<l « lad who was on the T point of being drowned in the big hole in tlie Su Cmlgegong, a little below the bridge, Young Leo , jumped n after the drowning boy, and succeeded ,:i in draggmg him to the bank, aud not n minute to K< soon as, when pulled out of the rive" he 4 him re" mitl 11 l0k somo tirae t0,l)ring ' ,J A son of Mr. William Froebody was killed about 131 noon on Thursday lust whilst bringing the nmi, from Juulnbyne to Gege, l/crick, ut winch latter tlu place, (says the Manure Mercury) the father w n wmt.ng the return of his poor \,oy. that he .nieh „ . bring tlie mail m the coach to Cofinia. Ar. the liny m- did not come to Gegedzormk in time Mr. Free- body went on the road to look for him, an.l about three miles from Oegedzcrick lie found hi -on ; . lying dead on the road, with tbe horse feeding 5m' alongside him. It is supposed the boy bad been throivn from the horse, through the animal stumbling or shying, and was killed instantly.- n, T lie boy, who wns between 14 nnd 15 years of a-'e 1 aP!?nreik been dead about an hour ami ahalf 5 when bis body wns discovered by his father. The Free Selectors' Association at Queanbevan t; was rc-orgnmsed nt a public meeting held at too Court-house yesterday, when Mr, J. J WrMit was nppointed President, Mr. W. G. O'Neil tfea- surer, nnd Mr. J. Gnlc secretary. Mr Wright wns also elected representative of the Free Selcc ' tors Conference, which meets at Sydney on Wed- r nesdny. ,. Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt nnd Co. have received a cab cgram from London, stating tlmt the R.M.S. Zcalnudia left San Francisco for Sydney, via tuck- Innd, on September 25th, her contract date being September 27tli. b A meeting of gentlemen favourable to tbe re organisation of tho Lord's Day Observance Society was held yos.crday afternoon nt the rooms of the Young Mens Christian Association, Pitt-slrcet Dean Gowper presided, mid there were nlso present the Revs. Clark, Sutherland, lloguo, Allen, Taylor, M Iiityre, Grimm, Wnlton, Watts, Jnrdine. Gnin- lorcl, King, Adnms, Hansard, Drs. Hogg nnd W.1. Beg. The clmirmun opened tho meeting witli nw x few rcmnrks, m which he slated that it was necc«.» sary that immediate slcps should be taken to proyent tlie desecration of the Sabbath Dav. The ' x Rev. Mr. Jnrdine moved a resolution to the effect that the society should be rc-orgnmsed and resus- citated, arguing that people were becoming wholly regardlessof the Sabbath Day, and that tram ways, busses, cabs, the railway nnd stenm-boats were nil permitted to ply for hire on that day. Tlie motion win seconded by the Rev. Mr. Allen, nnd carried. The Rev. 1, B, Tress moved that a public meeting bliould be held at a convenient place for the pur pose of bringing the objects of the society promu nently before the public. This was seconded by the Rev. W. Gninford, nnd carried. On the motion of Dr. Reg the gentlemen present, together with Canoti Stephen nnd l)r. Fullerton, were nppointcd a committee witli power to add to their number, and the Revs. Jnrdine, Kenny and Tress were appointed a sub- committcc to make Uic arrange ments for the public meeting, Tho election of a secretary was postponed until next week. A numerously attended open-air meeting was held nt the iiaymarket on Saturday evening, when the question of tlio water supply of Svdnov was debated. Mr. Price questioned whether the scheme recommended by Mr. Olnrk was the best that could be devised, ami held that it was not too late to review the whole situation. After some further discussion, it was decided to leave tho question open for the present. The fceliiTg, it is said, was in favour of recommending that a thorough inves tigation of the Clark and the Gipps' schemes should be made. The ship Cnrunquccn, reported by cablegram in our issue of yesterday to have foundered at sea, was consigned to Messrs. Kobcy Rros. nnd Co. of Sydney, and was to have left Antwerp about, u month ago with 1200 tons of general merchandise. She was intended to open up n trade between Ant werp and Sydney. Wo announced a short time since tlmt prelimi nary measures bad been taken with a view to tlio formation of a Masonic Lodge at Petersham under tho English Constitution; Ihnt tlie object had received nt the outset such encouragement from numerous influential brethren ns to justify pre paratory notion ; members' names hnd been en rolled, a master nnd other officers elected, thu Lodge named " l'rinco Alfred," and contributions ' in advance freely paid towards the purchase of regalia nnd other incidental expenses. On Thurs day evening, September 23, n further meeting was ! convened by circular nt the School Hall, Peter- shim, when the business in hand wns so far idviuiccd ns to justify the liopo of opening Hie ; Lodge towards the end of October. There was n good attendance ; tlio report of tlio provisional committee (including u financial statement) wns read, which disclosed tho gratifying fact that tho funds in hand were more than sufficient to satisfy present requirements, and that the Lodge could open free from debt for furniture nnd other equipments indispensablo iu Masonic gatherings. 'The Inst Thursday in onch month was fixed upon 1 for tho regular meetings, tho first of which will probably bo held next month ; a committee was formed lo arrange preliminaries for tho opening ceremonial ; a petition for a warrant was signed by all present; Hrotbor Edward Warren was duly elected treasurer for the current year, nnd the Master elect, Brother J, Churchill Fisher, up. ' pointed Brother Edward Maslere as his honorary secretary. The promoters of this new Lodge nra highly el n ted nt tho prospect before tliem, and look forward with much certainty to successful results. In our advertising columns this morning Mr. L'Estrnnge takes tlio opportunity of expressing his thanks to those who were kind enough to assist him in preparing for liis balloon ascent on Satur day. Messrs. Hush nnd Doyle, of the Gns Co., he is especially desirous of mentioning, owing to their untiring exertions to see that thero should be no hitch of any kind. " " " ;« um,/ »u uuvcriise in nuotlicr column tlie first general meeting of tho Sydney .Mercantile Provident Association for this evening, nt tho Exchange, Grcslmm-strect, at. 8 o'clock; nnd considering the interest manifested in the estab lishment of this sooiety, nnd tlie generous support accorded to it by our loading merchants, it is an ticipated there will bo n largo attendance of those employed in tho vnrious wholesulo and mercantile establishments. " Considerable excitement wns caused on Satur day evening in Oxford-street, through one of tho leading hoi-soa attached to a Waverly 'bus Diking fright ut the lamp attached to the tramway motor. The hoi-se commenced prancing about, nnd the result was that it became entangled in the harness and fell. In its efforts to get away it dragged tho other horse down, when n perfect kicking match ensued, endangering tlio limbs of both nnimuls. Aftar considerable difficulty, however, Ihcv were released, uot much hurt ,but considerably frightened. The hnrness Buffered severely, Tho annual regatta of the Now South Wales Rowing Association which takes place ou tho 2nd Octobor, should attract a largo number of visitors, Tho regulations issued by the Marine Hoard only admit of two slenmers following Ibo races ; these will lie the Nixie, conveying tho umpire, nnd the Wnlhiby, for the members of tlio Press; tlie remaining accommodation in each Steamer being for (lie members and their friends, niid such of the public as lire fortunate enough lo hecuro tickets, of which only a limited number onn bo issued. Snmo very linndsome prizes liavo al ready been presented ; noticeable is a sterling silver goblet, by Mr. I. J. Joseplison, and a simi lar trophy by Mr. J. 11. Fairfax, to bo called tlie Sydney Mail. Ill addition to these, tbe Associa tion will give a silver medal, si ruck from a die in size similar lo Hie Exhibition medals. The Band of the New South Wales Artillery will bo on tlio Wallaby 'throughout the day. 'The oflleial pro gramme will be published on Friday next. The complimentary farewell, concert to Miss Mario Si, Glair has been fixed to take place, nt tha School of Arts on Tuesday evening, October 12. A large nnd influential committee of geutlemen arc interesting llicnisulvcs iu lier behalf, and 'thero onn he little doubt but thut this very deserving and popular young artiste will be honoured with a large and fashionable attendance. We under- sDind that Miss St. Glair nnd bcr talented sister Icavo immediately afterwards for Queensland, nnd that this will le their final nppeurnnco in Svuncv. ilis Honor Mr. Acting Justice Dowling will preside, at the nssizes to be held in thu under mentioned towns next month, and will be accom- ffnnied by Mr. G. II. lteid, bnrrislcr-ut-lnw. wlio will act ns his Honor's Associate. The follow ing gentlemen have been appointed Crown i-rose- cutors during the October circuit : — Dcniliqum. Mr. G. 15. Simpson ; Yass, Mr. IV J. Henly ; Goul- bnrn, Mr. J. H. Want ; Dnbbo, Dr. Sly ; Artmualc. Mr. F. E. Rogers ; Mudgoc, Mr. U. G. Hevdon : ( iluthiirst, Mr. 11. i'itcniru | Uraftou, Mr. W. W. j Turleloii ; Wngga Wngga, Mr. Q. II. Filzhardinge: i ilflury, Mr, T, O, Q'Ajarq. , V A deputation, headed by Mr. lUkington, Mayor of Bttlrauin, waited upon tho Mayor of tfio city & yesterday, for the purpose of arranging for an j tension of water snpplv to Last Rnlinain. Mr. ' Fowler received the deputation with the greatest . courtesy, and undertook to bring the matter li. foie f the Sydney Municipal Council at its meeting on g Thursday next. The deputation thanked his Wor- , ship and withdrew. j In consequence of there not being a quorum of members prescntat the annual meeting of the New / South. Wales Cricket Association last night, it bad ! to bo postponed until Monday next. There 'were i only five delegates in attendance from the numer ous clubs belonging to the Association — viz.. Carlton p| 2, Albert 1, University 1, and St. Leonards 1. Had |! each clnb been represented the meeting need not have lapsed, and it is to be trusted they will put in I |'j an appearance npon the next occasion. |i The Engineer of Harbours and Rivers has £ received a communication from Mr. .lamer — who ,i> was despatched to Tctnor.i to decide upon a scheme i for the supplying of that, place with water— | stating that he was examining the country, and | would make a preliminary report in the course of 0 a few days. a The residents of Ralmain will lie pleased to U learn that the directors of the Australian Gaslight U Company have to-day advised the mayor of that n borough (Mr. A. Elkington) of. their intention to k reduce the p.ice of gas lo consumers lo 8s per 1000 | feet on and after the 1st October next. It will H now rest with the inhabitants to increase tbeir | consumption in recognition of this concession. | It is notified that the meeting called for to-morrow | evening will not take place. £ The mails received, via San Francisco, per R .M.S | City of New York, consisted of 149 bags, exclusive | of (53 sealed mails for other colonies, us follow: — Honolulu, 171 letters; San Francisco, 2518 letters, | 8975 nuwspa|H.Ts ; Other parts of America, 2.'! lot - j tors, 5 nnwspa|>ers ; London, 18,192 letters, 2(589 f 1 sinks, 14,8u9 nowspa|>ers ; New Zealand, 7811 | letters, (51 imoks, 9J8 newspapers. Total, 21,984 1 letters, 2750 books, 24.75(5 newspapers. ( A telegram received in town yesterday aftcr- noon, from West Mnitiand, announced that in i consequence of the inclemency of the weather the Grand Handicap I'igeon Mutch bail been post- i ported until to-day, and that the Northern Jockey ' Club's Race Meeting will not commence until to- 1 morrow. i Sergeant Alfred I'otler reported to the City Coroner yesterday afternoon that n seaman nam ell James Lojrr.ti, engaged on board the schooner Tcrrigai, died suddenly that afternoon, It seems 1 that deceased was assisting to unload timber from the schooner when, about a quarter to H o'clock, lie | was seized with fits, and soon afterwards expired, i The body was conveyed to the Circular Quny dead- house, where it Was examined by Dr. Hnlkett, t who, however, cannot give any opinion as to the ; cause of death until a jioot-martem examination i lias been made. From inquiries made by the police it appears that dccosed had been only about a | month on the schooner, anil very little is known by | anyone on board :i3 to the state of liis general health. The following casualties were attended to nt the Itiydney Infirmary during yesterday by Drs. Traill ciftid J. Mofiitt : — Patrick Kcoglt (29), residing in uilftniiy-rond, Kcdfcro,- lacerated scalp wound nml I tI|ury to lip ; James Scott (43), effects of heavy :|nking ; John Wicks, severe wound on forehead, , 4) losing the bone four inches, and a cut below ,'e. caused by falling down the bank near Booth's ;j/liarf, Ralmain ; he wns admitted into "the Vaistitutc. Eugene M'Carthy (30), residing at lifted fern, incised scalp wound, caused by a cask of c per fulling on him at Messrs. Tooltey's Hrcwery ; ubffhn Thompson, taken by Constable l'arnell, (-buffering from effects of drink ; Bernard Martin (32), residing in I'arrnmattu-street, lacerated wound of clbmvnml compound fracture of internal condyl of humerus, caused by falling from his cart, the wheel of which passed over bis nrui. Those brass bands not already entered for the great contest at the Exhibition Ruiliiiug, 'i'rinee Alfred l'urk, on lite 2ml and 4th Gctoiier, have no time to lose. Enlrieswill.be received to-day nnd to-morrow by Mr, Fulton, the manager, nt his office, 112 i'itt-strcet. So far there are 23 bands engaged. The first prize, which entitles the band to enter the Great International Rand Contest. nt Melbourne next month, is on view at the premises of Mr. T. F. Wicsener, George-street ; anil the second and third prizes will be exhibited at the same place on the JiJth instant. The following is the report of the Sydney Infirmary /for the week ended 25th September : — Admitted : 93 males, 11 females ; total, 4 t. Discharged : 81 males, 11 females; total, -12. Died : 3 males: total, 3. Remaining : 133 males, 111) females : total, 193. The excursion iiiai.lof St. Marys Cathedral huild- illg fund, which was to have taken place to Clontarf yesterday, lias been postponed, owing to the unfavour able weather until, Wednesday next. The annual Eight-hour Demonstration is an nounced to take place at Clontarf on October I. The Cumberland Mutual Improvement .Society's excursion is fixed tor Wednesday. 