Review. Histoht asd Mystery oi-'i'umous Stones. By William Jgkes, F.S.A. London, ISiju. It might, perhaps, be extravagant to say that Mr. Jones's style is as brilliant as his subject, but his volume is certainly a very fascinating one, and we are rapidly and ligbtiy bo.-ne from 'the dim and distant ages' c.t K'gbzA s:nl romance to our own more urot?aic times, in its diF.a?rtations on the history and mystery of prucious stones. 31r. Jones, in a hhoiL preface, prepares ua for what we have to expect, and disclaims any iuteu lion of trenching on 'he- province of mineralogy. He lias no pretensions to add anything in tue way of scientific iuform.itiou to the many ex cellent manuals which have been published by men who liav-* made that department a special study. llr. Joupe's introduc tory chapter treats of the superstitious wliich pre vailed in the anoicnt world with mFpect to the occult properties of pc- iiris and jewels, and the tolieuiamc virtues attributed to them by the vivid imaginations of Oriental writers. They played an important part in the system of the Magii of I'ersia and Babylon. Tlu-y were regarded with peculiar reverence by the Jews, and figured con spicuouBiy in their religious ceremonies, us is attested ' by liumerouh passages iu the scriptures, and also in the wriliisgs of the learned Jew, Josephu^. According to a rabbinical legend the names of the 1 tribes'wore engraved by the hand of Moses, on the precious etoues which were worn on tho breast-plate of the high priest, i,y means of the blood of the.worm saiuir, a liquid no potent that it could dissolve the hardest 6ii Ijstauotfi. J osuplius informs us that the right shoulder of the hig-h priest was adorned with a sardonyx in the shapeof a button, which, when J ehovah was present at the sacrifice, Mazed with dazzling lustre, aud in like manner, wliea the high priest's breast-plate become fcuyernaturnlly resplen dent on the eve of a battle, it invariably presnged victory for Oil- host of Israel. But the breast-plate a.u«l the sardonyx had ceased losuino for 200 years before Josvphus wrote 'his book; ' God having bi- en displeased with the trans gression of Uis l-.iwr.'' Tau Arabs, liku their neighbours tbe Jows, ascribed mysterious powers to precious stones; n superstition which Mahomet sagaciously isitiurjw.-atol in - tho Koran. One of the oldest if their traditions was that, of the luutba btoue at Mecca. It was said to have fallen froui Heaven, nad to have been placed in the temple by Iskmael and Ms father Abiahnui. Th.- :-:tonu, it seems, was ori ginally t be nu Jel who i\ &f; nppuinttii to v -.itc ii owv Adam in PanuliEo, oud who, as punishment for his negligence, was changed into that substance. When first inserted in t-lit; wall of the Knoba it was of a pure while colour, but haB eiuce become blackened by tho IiUsub uf sinful mortals. A* the liust day, liowuver, it will lvsusue its original form, and bear witness before AUuh iu favour of all true believers 'who have duly per formed tlie pilgnmiige in the holy city. ' The euperstitionu of the Jews,' says Air. Join's, ' with regard to precious t'tones, became engrafted ou tWe Arabinn philosophy, l'roni vrbii-h they were propagated over Europe, and continued fo late as the visionary experiments ot the famous Drs. Dee mi Kolly in tlie lost i,uarter of the 3 |5lli Military.' Some of the wediu.-val Kuropean travellers, who had journeyed to 'the gorgeous fast,' returned fvitb extraordinary stories of Hie riches they hiid seen, of the pearl embroidered rubes, ud . — 'lli« etarryi-'eCiS 11iat Bboue on 3i»djj»» Kin^t.' Sir John Mandeville, Knight, who was born in England, in me town or at. Albans, ami who crossed the ten, ns'.he U-lls us, iu ' the year VSS2, sra the day of St. Michael, aud traversed many divers lands, and many praviiicns and kingdoms and isles,' ' that are about India, where dwell many divers folks, und of divers manners, and laws and Bhapes of men,' gravely relates how he ' visit«dtho palaoe of tbe great. Khan at Caydo^, and saw his ? mouuiour ' iu the middle of it, ali wrought of gold and of precious stoucs, and great pnarls, nnd at the four corners ura four serpents of guld ; and all about there ore made lar^e nets of eilk and gold, and great pearlshauging all about it.' Another Asiatic potentate, ' tbe Emperor of Ceylon,' to whoEe dominions our veracious voyager had penetrated, ? ' hath in his chamber a pillur of gold in which is A ruby and carbuncle a foot long, which lighted up all bis chamber -by uight.' There were certain regions in lnde, it was bai'l, wii.-rf serpents were to lie encounteivil ' witU collars of huge uuienUds glowing on ilnrir bucks'; hyenas with precioua etones in their eyes, the fortunate Jiniier of which would be enabled to foretell futuru events; wild atses from which n fctone was estracUd that was a sovereign cure for epilepsy and tho quartean ague, and which rendered the possessor invincible in battle. With respect to tbe belief, almost uni versal in Europe as well as Asia some centuries ago, as to the efficacy of diamonds and their subtle influenceoverhuinan beingB,Leonardus Camillus, in his *' Mirror of Precious Stones,' furnishes some curious particulars. Many of fclie stones which he mentions ore, of course, as fabulous as the collars worn by the serpents. 'The Horiaiides was a black-coloured etone found in the hc.id of a cat suddenly cut off, which, conferred tbe gratifi cation of every wieh of it* possessor.' The Lyncurium, generated by the Lynx, cured the king's evil. A stone called the Quirinus, or Quirus, found in the nest of the hoopoe, if laid on the breast of 'a Bleeper, compelled him to reveal his secrete. The Epistides, ' a red glittering etone,' when bound round the heart with magical bands, kept tbe wearer from every misfortune. Fila ierius, a stone the colour of the chryeolite, cured melancholy. The Granatt, of a reddish violet nue, was a protection against distempers. The Galac iides was in much nquest by magicians, as by its aid magical writing could be deciphered and ghosts called op to answer questions. The Jiemo vatt rendered the owner invisible. The Ileliot rope, or sun-turner, also known as the Babylonian gem, had a similar property, and likewise endowed its owner with tho gift of prophecy. Tho red ipota in the Heliotrope caused it to b» highly prized in the middle agea, as it was t»lieT*d they were dropB of the blood of Christ. These absurd tales pppear to have obtained, partial credence among learned men as late as the close of tho 17th century. Dr. John Margrave, Dean of Canterbury in 1C7G, bequeathed his museum to that city, and emong other things whjch zt contained oepocial mention is niadeby the luverend testator of the Actites, lapis aquilaris, or the ea^le stone, ' which I bought of an Armenian ut Homu. It is rare, and of good value because of lU excellent qualities and use, which isby applying it to child bearing women, and to keep them from miscar riages.' ?' It were fit,' continues Dr. Bargraye, ?' that the dcanV, or vice-dean's, wife (if they were marrying men) should have this stone in their cuelody fnr the public good, as to neighbourhood ; but still, that they hove great c'are into whose hands it be committed, and that the mediums have a cure of it, so that it still be theCathcdral Church's stone.' Diamonds were considered au antidote against poison, though in themselves a most dangerous poison. The old Enulish chroJiu-li-i- Holinshed relates how, at the death ot' Kins: John, the precious stones which His ilajcMy ' bad about him, cast forth a cifi'tniu sweat ;:s bewraying the presence of poi«m.' Tho inventory of tiie jewels of Mary ljueen of Scots, at Fothoriugay, describes 'one precious stonw medicinabltt and against poUon.' One of the most beautiful of the mediaeval legends, that of the San Gral, made familiar to modern English readers by tbe genius of Tenny son, is supposed to be of eastern origin. It was said to be a chalice, formed of a single precious Etone, from which Christ drauk at llis L:ist Sup per, and was brcti^-bt down from Heaven by an angel. It was giuirdeil after the crucifixion in a temple on an inacejEisible mouutaiu by a. body of devout and virtuous knights. King Arthur aud his companions of the Bound Table, itwill lie remembered, were inquest of tho miraculous voepi-J. ' But the Bibliolheque Uuivetsillede -iencvi-,'far Kcpteuiber.lSSChasa very different account of the origin of the San Gral, which it describes as 'it previous stone that fell from tue crown of I.utifjr, when ha wus hurled from lfotven.' Mr. Jones's fifth chapter, under the Ulle of' Ecclesiastical,' gives a description of the magnificent iroasurou of gold aud jewels which adorned theoWues of the gods inthe pagan temples of nnfiquity, and the not less splendid ovomnenta that blav.ed in the great cathedrals of Christendom. In the Temple of Astarte, at liierapolis, -were diamonds of all colours—' SiiK3on?x, hyacinth, nnd cnvralds, brought from Egypt, i-'.thiopi.i, India, Media, Armenia, nnd Babylon. On the brow of the godjess shone a magnificent varbvtade.' Slnny other ancient tempk-s wore equally en riched by the votive offerings of dovout worship pers. Previous to the lief ormat ion, the shrines of England rivalled those of Spain cr Italy in the splendour of their adornments, and we utay rn.-.ilily believe that the coinmisbiowvs of his 3Iij*ary King Henry VIII. bad choice pickings T.-iiuu thev pillaged them. At thu nhriue of Thoiuis tt'Beokot tv:-jb a ruby a? hujt.' ::s ;i bird's egg ' or a thumb nail,' snid 1o have becu presented l.y a king ot Franco who came on a pilj/viumpe there in the l^th century. HlulV Hal had it sut anil wore it as it thuuib rinp. The greater portion of tlw riclitfl for wl.ich tiie Cathodrals of SjK-.in were oace famous, lixis disappeared in the course of the various wars and revolutions which li:ivo desolated that country, particularly during tin' early part of the present century. But they still contain a few priceless treasures. Crosses, uisde of go!0, brought by Columbus, from America, ostonsorios inlaid with pearls, reliquaries, earrinire, bracelets, Ac, fine specimens of the jeweller's art iu th« palmy days of the Spanish monarchy, are to be found in the cathe drals of Seville, Toledo, and Zaragoza. A history of (reuis would Le very incomplete which should ouuit to mention the viciseiludvjH thut some of the historic jewels in the regalias of reign ing European Eovereicns have undergone; an-l, accordiuglv, 31 r. .loncs has not nejrlecti.'d thiit important part of his task. The st-.ry of the Koh-i-noor diamond is well known to iaoft persons. It can bu traced back from tjueeu Victoria to &0 years n.e. An Indian tradition, indeed, identifies it with a diamond found near Mnsulinatiuu 5000 years ago. Tho story of tbe Siinci diamond, long n'^arded as f-ae of't)m most beautiful in tlie French crown, is full of romoue. One \ereiou says that it was brought from Constantinople by an ambassador uamed Snnci. Another that it belonged to Charles the Bold, Duke of Burgundy, sud was found on hio .load body on tho filial fiei.l of Ilomt.nnd ziftern-ards caiiw into tho posses sion of Henri 111. of J-'niuce. (jiioen U.:-nrieha cnrriiHl jt M England on her nmrriatre with Charles I., nud it returned with his son, .lamps II., when lie fled to France. I-ouis XIV. purchased it from .luuies for U2O.U0O frauce (X'25,OOU),and, on the oorouation of Louis XV., it was set in his crown. Jt disappeared nt the time of -hd revolution in 17'.i2, and was not heard of again lor nigh half a century, when it turned up in l'aris, oiid wos the occasion of a lawsuit between a Freiivh banker and a Kussian gentleman named DeinMofi'. The latest infor mation ivsucL-ting it sav= tbnt it was told by the Deiaidoff 'family, iu ' lSo'7, to Kir Sa.nicelji'1 Jeoieebboy, of 'Bombay. The history r.f tlio Orloll diamond in the Kussian Imperial Trea sury, is a. roui:mii-! aud sanguinary one. It was takrn l.y Kadir .&lmh; when )-« pillaged Delhi. After Nadir Kliah's assassination it was stolen by one of his murderers, who disposed of it to a' Jew nimvbuut. Three Armenians mur dered tb« .lew for the sake of the diiimond. Two \--i tl\\* brothers wero murJc-rcl by the third, who fled to Europe with his family ana bis tri-a«uiv. He sold the iliamoud in St. Petersburg fur n third of its value, being in great distress. NotdarLns to go back to hia own counlrv the Armeuian settled at Astracan. His ill-got gHins did not thrive with him, and to a certain extent poetical justice was donu, for lie was assassinated by his daughter's husband. Hut we must take leave of Mr. Jones, meanwhile rcconimc-ndim; as an agreeable, and not unin strucrive, companion in a leisure hour, his his tory and mystery of preeiour. stones. 