THE VATICAN. PICTURE AND ' INFALLIBILITY. A monthly Periodical, entitled, - tho " Pro- tcstant," has just been started in Montreal. It i3 very ably conducted, and we sincerely wish it' success. The February number contains a copy of a new picture painted by order of: the Pope,: of which we quote the following description; First of- all, then, let us' read what is written- in the middle'of the picture near the foot : ! > . - " fids ix. pont. max. . . . . anno xxyi. „ t . " ; :'prim.us in romana- sede ' ' -i pf.ti:t annos exi-levit. ;, ' .mdccclxxi. - " _ " Pious" IX., High Priest, in the 2Gth year of his pontificate first in the Roman See over filled the years ,of:Petor, 1871." That is to say, in the year 1871 he had boon Popo- twenty-six years, whereas St. Peter was Pope' in Rome twenty-five years and a few - months, and 'no other. Pope since the death of , Peter ever reigned so long.' But this boast is in defiance of what is well known, that thcro ig no authentic proof in history that St. Peter was ever Bisbop of Rome at all. This writing, there fore is doubtful, to say the least. The most learned historians; ancient and modern; agree that what it says is untrue. The central figure in the upper part of the picture is represented with a white triangular patch behind . the head, mont to bo an emblem of the eyor-blussed Trinity ; three equal sides in one triangle, for three persons equal in majesty in one God. The figure with tho right hand: raised, has- a large globo upon the knee, with the left hand holding a royal sceptre. This is meant to represent the Saviour, King of the world, who holds the world and all kingly power overjit, to dispose of at His pleasure. At His right hand a woman stands upright, her left hand( in action, looking as if in familiar conversation or intercession. A circle of stars floats round her head, to show that she is Queen of Heaven. 'She stands upon the moon. -Two winged figures peeping up behind the Virgin, Queen of Heaven, may represent souls that she has brought up out of purgatory. - On the left hand of the central figure a man on one knee holds two keys, stretches out his right hand, and .tosses hack his liead, looking but half- satisfied. It is Peter, with the key of heaven and the key of hell. He seems to be pleading for something more ;— perhaps that he may have a third key for purgatory. But Mary has that key by special privilege, if all that - we read of her in Romish writings be true, . Underneath, seatedi on a pedestal, or altar, isr a portly figure, heavily and richlyn'obecl," wearing - . - a" high cap, with three diadems" round it, oiio oyer .e;:,otter.;-jrhey-;;-e>dl- it the- triregnun , triple crown, or, more correctly, crown for three kingdoms. The threo-kingdoms, as Pius IX. ihaSjVery. lately explained the meaning to be put jiipon the word, are heaven, earth and purgatory. The Pope has himself so oxplained the name of his crown, and therefore we certainly know j what he means by it. . Until now wise men have not- known but this man is declared in- ifallible,- and. expects to be belioved. His attitude is solemn and official, and- on liis right hand ib a signet' wliore with- ho , signs decree ! which he expects all inon to . ohoy, although most men think very lightly of them; Over the Pope's head' is a'- dove, pouring ; visibly !out of its mouth - the 'broath of :ins'piratioh ; a doye being the "emblem - of tho :Hb|y-' Ghost; 1 Biit'' that' 'holy 'and' all- powerful influence is expressly said by our 'Lord Jesus iChris.t to" be as invisible as -the air wo - breathe — it is the breath1 of 'life; So' tlio' painter has made'a slight mistako here. -1 i - The solid; pedestal. on which tho Popo is here seated, .has two words on it, painted1 largo— Petra : Christ; A: figure in the foreground hides, the last letter, of the second, so that one is not1 sure whether he sees,. Petra Ghrislus, which might mean the rook is Christ, ; or Bctra Chrisli, the ;roek "off-Christ,-.; or, Rook .(fqr.jPetor) and Christ, .In any . case it can only moan that the Pope sits,upon tho Rock, and wo may interpret .as. we will., f. Whatsoever : the,. painter and his ;employer:may mean, according to tho Biblo, all nien.should be drawn to the crucified Saviour— every . knee ,, should, ;how -to -.Christ ;..but here they are worshipping the Pope, and a quoen ainpng them almost hides the- Saviour's name. 