ORIGINAL CORRESPONDED]; MR. FORSHAW'S APOSTACY. (To the Editor of tin Riverine SIR,—file, U'orshaw, at the meeting yj at the Shiro Hall on Monday last, deniii that he had ever advocated the , principle, "6i the Farmers TJuions, and challenged pro: to the contrary. I was about to pro>iii:j that; proof then, but on account of the- fa. orderly conduct of a few present, vl» «'! themselves Liberals, but who, I am sure, will be disowned by all true Liberals, ju' denied a hearing. This rowdy element im for a long time endeavored to grasp ti,e political questions of the day, but tlw ex treme limit of their intellectual capjci:; does not reach beyond the " boo-lioo" sta«* and this they exercise so often that tlu-y'ti; more injury to the party they claim U Vt-31 to than 'they do to that of their <>ppjii~>a Now, Sir, for my reply to the Janiai of i'r. Forshaw. This gentleman was prasuiit a: the meeting held iit Elmore f<>c the pip® of forming a branch of the Fanners' Uiii,?., and at which it is well known that no h'on:,. man who spoke upon that occasion con demned the Borrv administration mntv t'hn did Mr. Forsliaw. This ho followed tip hr delivering what he vms pleased to term "A Lecture upon Farmers' Unions," but wliiA was nothing more or .less than a complite condemnation of the limy Government B.o afterwards, with others, attends! s meeting at Colbinabbiu to assist in forming a branch at that pliice, and was so thoronjii!; extreme in his remarks against the lierrj administration that he was relinked by a brother Unionist, a* his conduct was calci lated to do the movement harm. Ha m also appointed a delegate from the Ehnor; branch to represent their interests at t!:a group meeting held in Sandhurst on the lit'a January. At that meeting, among a miniHt of other resolutions, the two follosiiii ' were carried, being sn-pported most hurl Hi/ by Mr Forshaie. 1—"That the Candidates be pledged to use th;ir best efforts tj secure the remov.il of duties upon agricultural machinery and in plments, corii3acks, woolsacks, and salt." That tho present land regulations isiatimtrJ by the Minister of Lands, are ivrong in principle and detrimental in practice. No*, Sir, from the above which are extract) from the minute book of the Union, he liiis state! what i3 a positive untruth, and his conductii thoroughly inconsistent.. Tho fact is Mr. Forshaw became impressed of the cosivictioa that he must eutor Parliament, and when it became apparent to him that the ianuers Union iuteuded to choose candidates were pos3essnit of snlJicient aonuv ^ honesty to redeem their pledges and legiihte fur the good of the whole community and not for the agricultural interest lie saw at once that his qualification tiiil not reach the standard, and he had no chance of being selected as ono of the Union cacdi dates. He therefore went to Messrs. Minim and Co., National Reform League, Mel bourne, ^swallowed at one gulp all l''3 P"' vious opinions, divested himself of all to previous opinions concerning the acta uf tlw Government, and now stands forth in all its halo and glory of a thorough supporter of the present Government. Behold tlw mw, is he not a perfect wonder. Is there auother man in this " Happy Land" who would In" the courage to so completely turn round upon himself as Mr. Forshaw has dona, t'ur sake of £300 a year. Oo the 17t'> Mr. Forshaw, the uncompromisingoppontc' of Berry ism, lvas alive and in good h^'tli j11 Sandhurst. But, alas! in one short wee»i what a change. On the 21th of the si'"3 month, in the presence of all the di^uitawi of the Kangaroo Fiat Reform League, m gave ujj his poiitic.il ghost, w.is buried,' ^ again, asceuded into this "Happy ti«Ji as one from whom the devil of Opp'"'1""'1 lias been completely exorcised, and is 1101 s fit and proper person to represent ths d™11!' factoring monopoly against th.it of the a^n* cultural industry. —Yours n §jj J. r»I. UHASifi V. Secretary Mandur.in^ Group Farnwra ■Ill) The Echcc.v East Assault.—Tiu larrikins—D»vyer, Miller, and Aras.ve!! were yesterday proceeded against at '<•* Echnca Police Conn' on a ciiarg-J of a331"', ing wiih intent to rob Felice Maz*""1'1".1 at Echnca East on Saturdaj' night. Seyii1"1 Hayes prosecuted, the prisoners bain? "" | fended. They were all committed (or Mi to the Blay sittings of the Sandhurst | of Assize. Tho fellows are evidently lowest grade of blackguards to befoim^1".'1 regions of Little Bourke-streot and wood Flat, and their disgustingly abuse was a disgrace to the Court. A") witness whose evidence was material!v3' assoiled ia au abusive mamiei'. ^ e■. abused and swore at Sergeant Hnyei, tro'te tho Bench with disrespect, and on ouooC casion called a witness an uumitiijidfiA '*r' To Dr. Crossen their vulgar abusa ira3 11 tolerable, and the Bench had to thra.iW '■> relegate them to their calls and try tiw o*; during their absence. Miller, and wero well educated in police court dun; and the c.uches and evasion? <>'t"' criminal population ; Divyer apposw to possessed of a deal of low canning, but »e " far more illiterate than either of ''J3 panions. The trio are about as o.io'C-^ specimen of the scum of Melbourne ,jt bo met wilh, and tho polica desentf. i.u- so soon clearing the town_ ,verJ sonco. A number of confeac'a ^ f,. present in court during the 'i30aers' piessed their approbation or tnB,'. i lVera abuse with bursts of laughter, b jj^ye3 promptly suppressed. Sdrjeanj. stated that such disgraceful Pr°oau':. five nor occurred in any Ecliuca ■/0Vr -ij, bo'* years, when a black man, charged" gon ytary, threatened and attempted *•' those occupying tito btnoli. _ erjn E i! mi i 10 us \\!kvicks. —To • m• rl'°' ^ a ing the i!tv. J. C .Joli:istoue "',l1 V' u=e sernn.n on '' Y<>u:.n Men ;:nu t i«- ^ (j,a amis," at the r^byienau Clnue.i- _ ba Baptist Church, a Baptismal senu h_ held, when the Rev. E. G. IDO0 