Cricket. ETONS V. BOOMERANGS. Last Saturday week a match was played on the Grammar School grounds between the first eleven of the Eton School Club aud the second eleven of the Boomerangs. This match re- sulted in a rather inglorious defeat for Eton, being won by the Boomerangs by one innings and six runs. The scores on both sides were too poor to be worth recording. The return match was played on Saturday last, and again the Boomerangs scored a victory by seven wickets and two runs. Tho highest scorers on the Eton side were-Jackson 15, M. Stanley 17, T. Clifton 9, H. Stanley 6 ; while for the Boomerangs, Park scored 13, Campbell 9, E. Perry 6. The batting on both sides was fair, but tbo fielding on tho part of the Eton boys was vory bad, no less than 32 byes having been scored by tho Boomerangs against 11 on their sido. The Etouions went first to the wickets, and were finally disposed of for 56 rune, when their opponcuts took the willow, and remained until 80 had been scored. In the second innings the Etona mude 35, being now only 11 ahead of the Boomerangs, who then went in, and with the loss of two wickets made up the requisite number of runs to score a win. VICTORIAS V. FORESTERS. A match between the above two clubs was played on Saturday, 25th instant, in Mr. Walsh's paddock, Milton, which resulted in a victory for the former by 21 ruus. The foresters won the toss, and decided to send their opponents to tho wickets, the principal scorors being Shepherd, 10 ; G. Armstrong, 39 ; H. H. Rendall, 23 ; and F. E. Ellis 9, not out. Three of the Victoria men failed to turn up, bo the vacancies woro filled by emergencies, besides playing one man Bhort. When tho last wicket of the Victorias fell, the Bcore stood at nine wickets for the respectable score of 06. The Foresters then commenced their inniugs, tbo principal Bcores being-Hassall, 8 ; T. Pratten, 11 ; O. Radcliffe, 14. The last wicket of the Foresters fell for 72 runs, and although a very tidy Bcore for the little practice they have had, did not quite come up to their opponents. T. Pratten captained the Foresters, and J. Moore the Victorias. Time preventing the match from being fiuiahed, it was docided to be a one innings match. OXFORDS V. SHAFSTONS. The Oxfords began their cricket season last Saturday, by playing against the Shafston C.C. at Kangaroo Point, whom the Oxfords easily de- feated by nine wickets and 8 runs. The Shaf- stons were the first to handle the bat, and put together 24 runs, T. Slattery contributing 6, and H. Clarke 5. The Oxfords then faced the bow- ling of Brady and R. Norris, and the wickets fell rapidly till D. Armstrong went in, who, with A. Paul, give the Shafstons some leather- hunting, Armstrong making 26 runs by careful cricket ; F. Paul also made 10, not out, and the innings closed for 62. The Shafstons again went to the wickets and made a better stand, the great O'Gorman contributing 18 in his usual style, and Slattory 7. This left the Oxford 6 runs to win, which they made for the loss of one wicket. F. Paul and H. Perkins for the Oxfords bowled very well, the former securing in the first innings six wickets, and the latter four. Marlow and Norris bowled well for the Shafstons. Finlay for the Oxfords, and Slattery for the Shafstons, long- stopped very well, the former not allowing one bye to pass him. THE STANLEYS. A match by tho Stanley club was played on the Hamilton ground on Saturday, botweon teams selected by two of the bowlers-Messrs. W. D. Armstrong and J. Beal-each side having nine meu iii the field. A capital wickot had been prepared. W. D. Armstrong's team batted first, and put togotber 96 runs boforo the last wickot fell. R. C. Miller played a dashing innings of 61, severely punishing some of the bowlers ; tho Iobs of tho two men was much felt by tho field during his stay at tho wickets. Captain M'Callum also battled in very good stylo for his 10 runs. D. Scott secured four wickets for 44, and J. Beal threo for 26. J. Beal's team theu went to tho wickets and scored 45. J. O. Bourne went in first, «aw all his coiurcc'eB out, and eventually carried out his hat for 19, mado with- out giving a chance. W. D. Armstrong howled beautifully throughout, and took Boveu out of tho eight wickets for 26. Saturday next being set apart for the football sports, there will bo no practice on that day, but on the 9th October tho club will in all probability commenco tho season in earnest. Tho list of matches will bo published iu tho course of the week, after the secretaries of the various clubs represented at the association havo arranged a programme of matches. FIRST ELEVEN CARLTONS V. NEXT SIXTEEN. The mombors of tho Carlton Cricket Club played a practice match in the Queen's Park on Saturday afternoon, tho first elovon opposing the next sixteen. W. J. Sheehan marshalled tho eleven, the sixteen being under the captaincy of J. C. Beal. Despite the absence of Gregory and Marshall, tbo eleven wuro well supplied with bowlers, and the sixteen going to tho wicketB first, wero dismissed for 50 runs. Kimberley and Boldero were the only batsmen who mado a lengthened Btand, tho former playing a vrry good iuuiugs. When tho stumps wero drawn the eleven had topped tho scoro of tho ¡¡¡xteen by 19 runs, with the loss of eight wickots, Sil- vester was highest Scorer with 19 (not out), obtained by steady play, Egan coming next with a lively innings of 17. In each team Bome of the players showed a want of practice, and the match may be Baid to have served wall for the purposo of giving thom a good start. The full scores wero as under : THE SIXTEEN. E. Gregory, son., b. Silvester .. ., 0 G. Curry, b. Alphen .. .. .. 1 T. Coutts, b. Silvester .. .. .. 1 J. C. Beal, b. Silvester .. .. ..3 W. Kimberley, run out .. .. ..23 E. Ramsay, b. Geddes .. .. ..5 T. Arrell, b. Geddes .. .. ..0 C. Boldero, c. W. Brady, b. Alphen .. 12 W. Purchase, b. Geddes .. .. ... 0 S. Beal, b. Carvosso .. .. ..1 J. Cross, run out .. .. .. ..0 F. Dangerfield, c. Sheehan, b. Carvosso .. 1 R. Clancy, thrown out .. .. .. 2 J. Brady, b. Carvosso ,, .. ... O F. A. Corrigan, b. Carvosso .". ..0 W. Chowne, not out .. .. .. 0 Sundries .. .. .'. ' '' .. 1 Total 50 Bowling Analysis.-Silvester, 48 balls, 18 runs. 3 wickets ; Alphen, 72 balls, 20 runs, 2 wickets ; Geddes, 13 balls, 8 runs, 3 wickets ; Carvosso, 25 balls, 3 runs, 4 wickets. THE ELEVEN. T. Geddes, c. Cross, b. Coutts .... ..8 W. Brady, c. Curry, b. Cross ' .. ' ' .. 11 H. Silvester, not out .. ¿. .. 10 W. Carvosso, b. Coutts .. .. .. ß J. Egan, c Ramsay, b. Clancy .. .. 17 D. Geddes, b. Cross ..' .. .. 2 W. Geddes, retired hurt .. .. .. 8 A. Alphen, b. Cross .. .. ..0 W. J. Sheehan, b Clancy " .. >. .. 0 M. O'Mahoney, b. Clancy .. .. ..2 W. M'Donnell (absent) .. .. .. 0 Sundries ,, .. .. .. 2 Total.. .. ;, - .. 69 Bowling Analysis.-Kimberley, 12 balls, 9 runs ; T. Coutts, 30 balls, 11 runs, 2 wickets ; Cross, 78 balls, 33 runs, 3 wickets ; Clancy, 55 balls, 14 runs, 8 wickets. BEING called to account for the statement that a certain meeting was " a large and respectable one," when only one other person beside him- self was present, a reporter insisted that what he had set down was literally true ; " for," said he, " I was large and the other man respectable." " No real generous man," remarks an exchange, " would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and just as the ghost is walking about ( while the medium ¡B tied in the cabinet), exclaim : ' There's a rat right by tho ghodt.' It spoils the effect to have the ghoBt yell ajd gather up its skirts and run." Hints to the Marines.-It must be thought that manners know nothing of wine because they are willing to accept "any port in a storm." There is no hair to be found on the masthead j the mast is one of the bare polls which the ship Bcuds under in a storm. The bite of a rope you may find, to your sorrow, has a smart taste, if you take it that it means a mouthful. Don't ask the first mate why he has the sailB "set" and the rigging " standing." It also would be im- prudent to enquire the time of day by the larboard watch. Tho boatswain's pipe will nob be lent you to smoke. It is not necessary that you learn the art of self-defence in order to " box" the compass. Don't imagine that you can steer a boab because you have been a tiller of the soil. You need not be afraid of getting shot because it is "blowing great guns." The cook does nob kindle his fire with chips from the ship's log. The best way to learn what sea life is,-ii to go to sea for yourself ; be a son of the sea for a season. 