SCIEKCE FOR ALL. it wliTl6 -^ l and a Edison Soes mucn further to b?«Jnf Tw °e °r eroything. and we shall learn kbm,r „ ^ble'.na7' furious, so cheaply that the Ubo ur question will be practicaUv solved/and capital nensiv! a ^S m the market. ' It's rather an ex E,™8 no». partaken of by me, at least, in bv E QvdoseSl S^ns for ^ haTe been Siyeir ??coming hipton« and by Bul.wer Lytton m *» cutinTVk ltace»' and now Edison is busy exe *' uunS tllOSe Slfims. JTp has n-nm-1ti«^ f™ \,o rto into «f ot, ^rnelius Agrippa, and thrown Cagliostro sha^ S^de# Cagliostro, though, was always a £2T *♦'???? so that h' Position is not to be won ofTat' Can it be that we are completing a cycle beeanP8^ °ne of mm? that have been smce Time * j , That man commences history as a wild 'f mad ,Wno first calls to his aid the rude assistance lorii \a ? stone« bludgeon and missile to conquer Jtfua animals and make them faithful servants to ™» caprice; that he then stumbles over a few r**roJf0rfes, and after putting up with them for waicunes, discovers something of steam and electricity : tvwT « e, atter leads hi™ bF leaPs and bounds to the practical annihilation of what were to him until then laws of nature ; and that at last a mighty Will purifies this little planet of its millions of earthworms, and the fight towards knowledge commences again as it has commenced a hundred times before ? We must all give it up and trust to time for the solution of the mystery. ' It is the impossible that always happens,' says the French sage, and certainly Edison is proving the truth of the adage. Having finished with the telephone, the microphone, the phonograph, and the electric pen, and nearly completed the electric lamp, and the pyrites crusher, he is making a series of entirely new experiments at the Menlo Park laboratory. Let us forecast a little, and view them in their finished state. Here, for example, is the sleeping machine, the Somnifer, from which you can get sleep in quantity as accurately measured as if it were syrup of poppies. The original machine was snapped up by a man about town. 'You see,' says Edison, explaining it, 'the wakeful party has only to touch that key, and he falls asleep for any length of time in proportion as you charge the machine*'1 ' I'll take it at your own price,' said the visitor ; and, as Edison went off to pack it up, soliloquised, 'The very thing I wanted. My creditors are horribly wide awake, and threaten legal proceed ings.' And next day he calls a meeting of his creditors, and charging the machine for 'twenty years,' administers a shock to each. The Seven Sleepers of Ephesus would have been outdone by the modern twenty-seven had not Edison, who called a week later for payment for his machine, had the front door broken-in. There was a card on it, with the inscription, ' Gone to luncheon.' but after waiting for 3 hours, Edison became doubtful of its truth. It proved to be correct, but it does not go far enough, since it omits to say that Mr. Hyacinth has gone to China to luncheon. In his chambers was the machine, and stowed carelessly in cupboards and up chimneys and down cellars, are the creditors. Edison reverses the machine's actions, retouches them, and unnaturally lively but deeply grateful, they rise from their long slumber. They, then impound the machine as an important asset in the insolvent estate, and Edison finally gets paid for it at, the rate of fourpencein the pound. However he soon works up an enormous trade for the Somnifers, principally in families where vivacious babies and acrid mothers in-law exist, and the only objection to it comes from wives, whose husbands at 3 a.m. account for falling upstairs and over the cradle, with ' M' dear ! I touch't the Somn'fer.' Then there's the patent Smoker. You put tobacco into it, it rolls the weed into cigars and cigarettes, smokes them, absorbs the smoke, and by the touch of a communicating wire on your under jaw, gives you the delicious peaceful sensation of having had a good smoke. Youread your Mail without troubling about the ' smoker ' which is generally placed in the back yard. It's as well to watch it, though, for small boys have a playful habit of charging it with cabbage leaves, brown paper, and chopped straw. The deluded automaton does not recognise the sell, smokes indus trously and presently you feel as though life was ' but an empty dream ' to you, until you can hand a small boy over to 'the smoker' to be converted into cigarettes, clothes and all. This is the Electro-steam-shampoo-brusho-shaving machine, an army of barbers and a shop combined. The lady is getting her tresses combed and enjoying the feline luxury very much. Of the male creatures one is being shaved, another brushed, and a third shampooed. As in everything else it does not do for an apprentice to rashly undertake the management of this thing. One tries his hand, and in three seconds the lady's head is Ehaved like a billiard ball, a spiteful comb is dragging locks of hair from the scant crop of Dundreary, his neighbour has the shampooing lather brushed vigorously into his eyes and ears, and the last man is seized and roughly shampooed on the shoul ders. Every sufferer brings an action against the barber, who is hoplessly ruined in damages. The Food - reducer ! many a man has seen a stately creature in plush hand round similarly scant dishes, but it comes as a shock to learn that this pill contains nutriment for 25 people, and the phial an equally large supply of wine'. Liebig sho *red the way to this end, and Edison reached it. The country people don't take to this condensed food at first. They complain that they arp continually swal lowing this food without tasting it, and that five minutes after dinner is over hinder the new dispensation, a meal rarely lasts more than five minutes) they cannot be positive that they have had anything to eat at all. However the reform spreads slowly but surely, and more than one economical lodging-housekeeper saves money by substituting flavoured bread pills for the condensed food. Her lodgers are in a chronic state of hunger, and she charges them for the extra meals they have to order. This apparatus which looks like a bath is the Electro magnetic School- University, and requires rather care ful handling. You place the baby in it ? And he emerges at the outlet tunnel as Civil servant, parson, doctor, or soldier, according to the number of turns you have given to the handle, and the text books you have previously thrown into the hopper. Sometimes the books of somebody else's child get mixed up with those of your infant, and he emerges as a soldier with a taste for art, a physician who loves music, or strangest of all, a lawyer with a soldier's blunt frankness. And the most trivial thing— the suicide of a beetle or a blowfly among the batteries or in the armatures — is enough to disturb the different currents, and misdirect educa tion, so that you cannot be absolutely certain whether your son will emerge as a prodigy or as a booby. In this direction the machine is still open to improve ment. But the best thing among all these inventions is the Electro-andromachon, which has effected the total abolition of war. Everybody can, by one of these machines, annihilate every living thing which comes within a certain distance of them, and so people give up the expensive pleasure of making war upon each other in armies. A general could watch the enemy with a powerful telescope, and when they are within range, calmly pot the -whole of them, by merely touching a key. At first, the generals were apt to touch wrong keys, and so. finish themselves, and it was not until a few noble fieldmar shals and princes were cremated that the remainder came to the conclusion that war was a mistake.1 And forecasting so far, and in view of such an end, ' I can even forgive the use of wonder- working electricitv for the explosion of artillery and torpedoes. Of other applications of the power to flying carriages and sub marine boats I shall not speak, but I have said enough, I think, to show where the airy flight into ' impos sible ' regions which Edison has commenced, is likely to land us. ? What did the magistrates — I was near saying justices, save the mark ! — mean last week in Brisbane when they fined surgeon O'Doherty for furious driving — forsooth ! — as he rushed off to bis patient's aid r Under what law was this done, I should like to know? The doctor, upon hearing their decision, pathetically remarked that ' he trusted none -of their Worships would be suffering from the colic -when they sent for him.' This rejoinder, of course, may be taken in various ways. Can we think that human nature could be so forgiving as that he could feel any sorrow if the whole Bench were there and then seized with a cramp ? Surely, had they been so taken, h would have mixed some* brandy and water and lit his cigar and looked on calmly as they writhed ! PoBsibly he meant that under such circumstances he would have hastened to their aid (?) and given them 'fits.' I can't believe that as he slowly drove along the road — as in duty bound according to their decision — he would worry and fidget that he was not hurried on the wines of love to their relief. This would be too ideal a notion. Anyhow, so much for the doctor. Now for the bench of magistrates. There is meaning iu this word Bench of magistrates* I take it to mean wooden magistrates, as these were. What do they want ? Would they like the Brisbane Esculapius to emulate Don Quixote, and ride forth on a skeleton of a horse, and thuswise crawl along to his patients by slow degrees? or, like Sangrado's famous pupil, stalk on foot, with cloak trailed on the ground, and doublet and breeches that would serve a man f our times as big ? Have these wooden magistrates — these blockheads — no wives ? Where are the fair sex, I would like to know, and what of woman's rights in Brisbane ? Are the ladies because the Bench — forsooth ! — says so — are the ladies, I say, to put off their little events until the surgeon reaches them at the pace these unfeeling men would evidently make the doctors travel at? If there are two infallible institutions in the countrv, they must be the ballot box and the system of open tendering for public works. We all know there can be no trickery in connection with the latter; but occasionally there may be a little of what may be designated sharp practice. Let us suppose that there is a certain Public school for which a request is made and granted for a larger play-ground, a demand arises for some fencing, and the chairman of the local wuiia il«o m. uiuuici »ilu wauls a JOU. The chairman is empowered to call for tenders, and he does so in such a way that only one tender is sent in. The board meet to decide, the chairman ex plains that the notice calling for the tenders wa9 posted at his residence— a wine shop, say — for a con siderable time. Of course, the single tender has effect, and the price for the work is pretty high. Then if it should happen that a split occurs in the camp, it may transpire that the notice which called for tenders was not posted until the night of the day such tenders were to be opened. I have heard that a trick of this kind was played not many years back. ~»^u*i iyi mag wcaniLcas y*. ILUIUUJI nature, anCL ulfe elasticity of conscience of members of boards who have axes to grind ! Touching those once celebrated people, the Kellvs ! Touching them ? Not touching them is what we have to complain of, after they have touched us for the plunder of the Jerilderie raid. To put it mildly, isn't it about time that they were caught ? and can it be true that it is the red-tapeism of the Victorian Police Department which has insured these murderers this long immunity from punishment? Red-tapeism, com- 'I bined with the reluctance to strengthen the hands of justice, felt by a few people in the Benalla district, who either are related to the Kelly tribe or have i drunk so liberally from the stream of Government money that for the past two years has flowed into the district that they are unwilling to dry up the golden fountain at its source ? Can it be that Mr. Berry extended his mania for protection to native industry to the length «.» £-. VVbWVj.v.t& wv uatiic; uuouj.cLiigera i a. jjenauu poet 1 strolled into a store the other day and commenced to il recite, ' An Original Ode to the Strathbogie Ranges ' j and their denizens.' He hid uttered : — 1}} ' O Kellydonia ! Stern and wild— ' ]' : when a meat axe brought him to earth, and next ?'?' day the jury found a verdict of justifiable homicide. i ! I have not yet reached the subject I started to write iM upon. Oh! the Kellys. Yes! promotions have 14 )een numerous in the Victorian police force since that *a fateful day when three brave fellows were murdered, lil and their murderers took to the bush. But here ? ffl Well— a few of our policemen bn»ke ud. iust at th» = H commencement of its career, one of the most desper ate gangs the colony has been cursed with for manv years, and the question that must suggest itself to any man who compares the two colonies in this respect is :— ' Have they been adequately rewarded ? ' I say they haven't, and that they may well be called in the force 'The Want-a-badge-ry men' until they get the stripes they so well have earned. An English actor who once visited Sydney, was much addicted to the colonial eccentricitv of ' blow ing,' and liked nothing better than to collect a knot of fellow-actors round him and boast to them of the parts which were his 'original ' ones, at such and such a theatre. They succeeded in swallowing such statements as that he was the original Clifford, in 'The Hunchback,' and the original Evelyn in 'Money,' and the original Vladimir in 'Danicheff.' But when 'Hamlet' came up for discussion, and he calmly asserted that he was the original Ghost, a little super piped out something about Hamlet's father having played the part successfully at Elsinore, and one Shakespeare having assumed it with success at the Globe Theatre, Old London. Then that boastful star discovered that he could still blush, and his audience, found that their friend was not a bad Jack Brag, though he might not be the original one. When I was very much younger, and lived in a popu lous London suburb, one of our neighbours was an undertaker, with whose numerous children I used to play. To be sure it was a difficult matter to get them to play at anything but funerals, and from their habit of constantly wearing black, one would have taken them to be bereaved orphans ; but childhood is not hypercritical, and I overlooked those little drawbacks, and enjoyed this society for many months. But Mrs. Mortuary gave a juvenile party, and that put an end to my acquaintance with the little Mertuarys. ? We children spent the evening very merrily, but when my immediate progenitors learned that the only refresh ments provided were cold plum pudding and gin and water — very weak, but still gin and water— they declared that Mr. and Mrs. M. had too keen an eye to business for me to have anything more to do -with them. And so I looked my last on the Young Mortuarys. ' * 