?VSTBANGB, H1 TETJE.' ; Such was the thought that passed through my mind after hearing the tales mentioned below, and the discussion - that naturally aroBe 'concerning them. I am, of coxirae, no belie«r in 'ghogt stories,',' but, as many of my readers doubtless know, there are oiroumBtanoes which seem to baffle all attempts at explanation. Suoh, I think, are those whioh we^e, lately repeated to me, and which, believing; they might interest our readers, I intend to write down as they are said 'to have nnniirrAri-i IKafnrA. linwAvAr. nnmmenoin ff to do bo, I think it best to say thai all, the-atories were related by the persons' who were aotually concerned in them. j About three years ago, a gentleman holding a government situation at thoj Cape, waa ' residing, for a time, '- in the ?xeoution of his duty, in a email village aome'distanoe from Cape Town. It was, in general, a very quiet plaoe, with only a few regular resident* ; a great n^any of thehoMSB remaining oloBed moat ot the year, their owners living eleewhere oh their faraaa. Once in twelve months', however, the little village became quitf gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally different aspect. This was on the oocaaion of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast to ita usually almost deserted look, the plaoe was literally crowded with visitors of all kinds. : The time of tho fair was very close at hand, when the gentleman to whoni I have referred, a man' in the prime of life, aotive, strong, in vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, left the . house where ho was residing, with the in tentidn of taking a walk. It wasaoleai;, beautiful. evening, the moonlight making; all as distinct as in the day ; and he paused beside one of the empty houses already mentioned, for the purpose of lighting' his pipe. There was not a oloud to, be seen^ not a shadow cast anywhere near . where be wag standing, whoh suddenly, from round the corner, as if just leaving the hall-door1, pasted a f nil-sired coffin, just such a height from tha ground aa would have been the case had it been oarried on men's Bhoulders. The gentleman watched it with a feeling of ourioflity, and it Boomed to disappear in tha distance. He told me that no one oould have mistaken it, the shape being so iperfeotly defined. It, stood out grey arid ^opaque in the . clear, sweet air, and passed him so cloiely that .he could have laid his hand upon it. Wondering , at the strange eight, put without any feeling of ; dread or fear . connected with; it, he. was ,.yet,:sufB oiantly impressed, by, the oircumstance to write it down, with the date and hour, in his note-book, and to mention it to the doctor, who ,waa an intimate friand of hia, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my friend hod seen it as plainly as. he then eaw himself. Some days paised, and in the busy, daily life, the affair was forgotten by both gentleman. The fair-time arrived, and, as usual, the little village wa» crowded. Amongst the viiitoia was a young m»n suffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named. All the skill of the deotor proved unavailing, and, amidst the genorai gaiety, the shadow of death fell upon him; and, three daya after his arrival, , his coffin was carried out of the house from whenoe the gentleman hadaaen the strange sight issue. On reminding tho dootor of what, he had been told, the latter. aaid that had he remembered the f aots, he would have , gent the invalid elsewhere ; though, ot oourse, if ,the oall, 'Come up hither,' had gone forth, from tho Master's lipa, no earthly power oould haveBtayed the departing spirit. : Ae I said before, I am no believer in ghost stories, »ut when a strange fact suoh aa this ia .declared to have been Been by a Sraotioal, unimaginative man, in ' good ealth, one soaroaly knows what to think The BBone of. my next story is laid in New York, in Vhandaome honae in one of the best parts of the oity. ; the lady who related it. resided', thero at the time; the other inmates c'onautisg of her huiband, two children, and servants. A cousin with whom she had baen brought np from, infanoy, usually lived with them, but hia health having latterly failed, he had gane, by advice, to Florida. One afternoon, as she was aitting playing with the little onea, the nurse, who waa also in the room, ?xolaimed, ' There is Mr. George I' Look ing up, the lady, to her astonishment, taw her cousin, whom she believed to be so far away, standing -in a. leaning attitude ttgainat the open door, gtaing 'at the merry group; natarally enough, her first remark waa to enquire why he had returned, but he gave no answer and moved away, m ghe thought, to go upaUirs. Just' at that mom«nt, her husband entered by another door, and' «he at) once told him that': ' oiorge waa at homey and gone to his room.' Qlod to hear the welcome, thongh quite unexpeoted' nbwB, the gon'tieman followed him, but soon came down, saying he waa not thoro. Greatly putglad as to where their couiin could have disappeared, they gearohed every room with aa -little Bu«oeas; no one, gave- the lady and, her nurse, ' having seen him about the house, Almost the next m»H brought them the sad ^ateUigenoa that tip, young ; man nd3 died' of rapid deoline, at the very hour ot ;the day, on whioh his coaain had, na sho ^honiht,'rBrjbkon';!;,tb';;ihim':'inv!to .own drawing-room. ' The lady to whom,' this happened had alwaya been most av*rae to putting any faith' in atoriea of this kind, arid, but -for the news of hig dsiath haying oocurrad ^^I'prooiajaly.j'a.t the time' phen «aw him, wonld alwaya have remained convinced ibit he A«Jt returned, arid played 'some triok iupbnJBwv'f^;^^. ?'!''-/. '??l''.'''',-'j'.;;.',:;:.:'.:',lr''\^:':-; ? ?'?The most singular 'part of the olroum- i ^«noe;:iii; I 'thftk, ^hat' ^rhilat ! ' the MaSy i arid ;n.urse both; s»w;arid spoke toJlimV the : ^yidren''too»:riii' nofioe' of, : one ;' wHoih ! V1b)iejf Hiid' alWiyr. lpyedj',b ein£ Hn:,it.h'e;aatiie i '^boJDl., '-t-'.1;'^: '''' -'''-?'?*' -'? ..?-.3'v ?;'.'? ' :'J; iU-'^y* !' Another moit burioug tale,. indeed, the! (m,o*t',pu8gUng of. all, w«s' related :bf a jBp^ift jleaving hia^at through: se^ing;t he i .'lipirit,''. a«|he,.,afflrmed, 'of ;,pne :|of . h'fe , ^pmcare^whb, !np,known to him, hajd, mat! .ghotliiraaelf ; but having read.ifcin one of; ^ur^aailjr parjMB, I idb not, repeaii|;,jaa my tre«4erf. may, in, ill, probability,' have 'done the same.' ???':?'.'?'' ?^'??':. ?'/''.--'. ?? -, ? '?'?''?. '.''.??????? : My last story is one that happened. , on board ship, and that Beemajto .tno ,;yery, pathetic* Jtpti\ th« great; ;lbye that must have 'existed betjeen.jiho 'friindsV It was' -on » lovely ' evening that; 'one of ;the ; iPaaaengers on . board a ? homeward-bound; ;Indiaman, tempted, by the beauty of the Bpeno, iWa«; lingering on, deck, .unwilling [to exohange the , pure .sea.. bree*e for. tJie^ heated: atmosphere below. Looking round, with a feeling that ho was no longer alone, and expeoting to eee one of his companions, h'ewasgnrpriBedtoBeeBittingbesidehim.tbe deareat friend: he posseBeed,.and ',. who, as he' iknew, .was stationed somewhereOiri rthe. 'West Indies. '.'.B-^ — -'he exoTaimed, ntterly' .bewildered ;-by seeingthe foceiao1 familiar to him gazing fondly, yet sadly .;ttt^'him ;| 'how came ? you!.hereP ;- Bavo ;you 'beon; aiaaeu »w»y an luaap uujh r as no Bpo&e; half-jestingly, a 'strange senaation'-'camo oVer him— was he dreaming'or inad ?'?'? :Kou-: could'B— ^,'who ,waei hundreds of miles away, be nowon-,board.withhim?' '/5bw' did: , you get rhere?-'' he askedj hia [voiced insehsiWy taking an awe-Btruck tbne.^' ''?'' .! r:~.,i'T. came'''to iee yow,' wa-j' the answer, Sp oken:.in low, sbanfcely. thrilling ftcoents ji ' Ifalt'I . mwt Jsee youi but r^annbti Btay Ho laid his hand on that of bis friend. as he spoke, preaaiug it with the'old,gentle touoh ' the 'tother' Remembered ; so well; and was. gone before any answer could bo'jnadb. For along tuns,: the ofDcer sat pbnderm? on , ,tb!e, strange 'yiait ; ,tben .taking |0ut 'fiia note-bbplc' in ,the bright^ BtarrU^ht:,'..he placed .'the [faction record, .with the hour land .date. .'He did.not mo'ntipn the oir cumBtanee, on board, knowing wail, how improbable Buou.a story, wq[uld appwar, but it w'as.wjith a' heavy Heart that' h« jaw fie 'white cliffa of .old; (England' 'becominEJ .yieibie, for. a . deep .,oorividtiori hiid taken poMBeasion of his hVart thar, on landing, he would, in some way, receive sad tidings of hia old and well-loved friend. He knew, that he had been- awake and that speeoh. had passed between his Btrange visitor and himself, but who that visitant was, he dreaded, brave soldier ; though ' he- were, to attempt to explain. Landing, in England,' his fears were soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on the -»ory, night when he had aeeri arid, gpoken to him,|his friend had died in the West Indies. ' ? ' I do not protend to give any explbtiatiou of theao ' strange ntorieB ;' those who told them to me averred solemnly tunt .the foots .were: just as they had stated them, at-d I have; no. reason ..to disbelinvo jhoir, word. That flnob things mayooeur, by purmission of onriaU-wiae .Creator,; is.. quite ; ppaai We, but,' Whilst granting, bo muoh, I think every one should do his or herntmoavto pnt dpwu and destroy, that foolish,, hurUulbeiiet in those so- oalled 'ghpst-stories/'.that have so often done suoh irretrievable misobiet .to timid natures and young children.- .Thinliing tbe; above ncoountBOOrious and aqmewbat out of. the oommon— at'^eaat, the first, and third — 1\ have simply 'told the, tale as'twiis told to me,' leaving my readers to .form th'ir own .fidgmentfl ^about thejn. |Still, I .think Hamlet's words may, withijUBtioe, bn q,aoted regarding them, '? That there are more fhipga in heaven arid earth than are djreamfy of in our philoflophy,' 'and that, in very ,trpth, auoh Btories are '' strange, if true.' '' .' ; 