Lost in the Winning." By "Dramingo." Chapter XXXIX. "maggie's secret." AND it has come to this, that after saving my self, so to speak, for the aim of my existence namely, the comfortable settlement for life of my little girl Clara everything has broken down and collapsed. I am a wretched old bird, with scarcely enough heart in me' to have a horse and Clara 1 well she's a trifle paler and quieter than she, used to be, but nobody but one who knows her as well as I do could tell what she really feels. The Bouncer has quite recovered ; between ourselves she never was at all the worse for it the postponement of her marriage was the only thing that troubled her, and that won't be put off much longer now for it's nearly two months since the wreck of the Kiaora. We had a visitor the other day ; such a nice fellow ; Nevil's partner, who has come in from the station out West to see after Nevil's affairs He seems very cut up about his partner's death, and greatly impressed with Clara. He's a good, bit older than Nevil, but at what I call the proper age for a man, which, of course, correct ponds with my age as a-bird. Jack likes him very much and took to him at once, which is a good sign, for he's seldom far wrong in his judgment, although he's not a bird. Blouut that's his name has been down here for about 7 a week or ten days, and I notice his visits are getting very regular, and he always contrives to stay a good time. Clara too seems to cheer up a little when he comes, and looks brighter altogether. Surely I'm not mistaken in a man at Blount's time of life he wouldn't make a fool of himself I should hope ; particularly after my expressing a good opinion of him but there's no knowing. It's a true saying for a wonder-for sayings are generally anything but true-that " a man is never too old to make a fool of himself ;" and Blount must know very well that Clara could not possibly care for anybody again ; She's not the girl to forget such a man as Never in a couple of months', and Master Blount had better keep heart-whole, or he'll only be disappointed. I There's been no news, of any more survivors having been picked island, practically, we have abandoned all,, hope. I feel very gloomy when I think of if'aU^Nevil was a favorite of mine from the start, and I confess, in spite of what I said about Jack and he being such fools regarding Mrs. Bloomington, that I had a sneaking affection for that woman myself. She was so splendidly self-reliant, and had such a glorious disdain for all the little petty arts and tricks that girls like a certain young lady whose name begins with the first letter of the alphabet indulge in. I am extremely anxious for the next months to pass quickly ; I don't suppose I am more so than Agatha ; but it will be a blessed relief to me when it is all over, and, I hear no more of this endless talk about the coming event. And this is the second time I have had to submit to the same thing. If I had a family, I'd engage to pair them all without a fortieth part of the fuss the Bouncer is making. Aye I and start them in the world into the bargain. There's that dear Esmeralda Jones always running in and out again now, and I haven't got the pluck left to make life a burden to her when she is in the house. She and the Bouncer don't mind me in the least, but talk in the coolest manner possible of all sorts of things. If I told Bob what I have heard his fiancee confide to Esmeralda, it strikes me that she'd never be Mrs. Bantam : unless he's a bolder man than I take him to be. Why I've heard her say that when she is married she intends to do this, that, and the other, and have everything as though her husband should have nothing to do but run errands for her and pay bille. I laugh fiendishly to myself : Ha I had when I listen to her will She ? yes, I fancy she'll make a mistake if she imagines that. The beauty of it is that Esmeralda, who is a skipping young thing of about the same age as the Bouncer, and awfully given to gushing, is making a dead set at Mount. He's a very quiet fellow, with rather sleepy-looking eyes, that appear as though they could light upon occasions, however and he takes her artless advances in such an imperturbable kind of manner that I really think the dear creature believes she has made a conquest. Of course in reality he stands it all in order to be able to watch Clara, and half the pretty prattle is unheard ; but she does not see that 0, vanity, vanity I how it blinds us all even I, a magpie I am not quite free from it, or was not when I was younger, I remember what a lot of trouble I used to take with my plumage, and how I used to admire myself in a waterhole; and go to roost at night under the impression there was not such another good-looking bird in Queensland. And now I care nothing for all these trumpery goods ; although there are not many birds like me I can assure you. Well ; it's come, and gone, at last ; Agatha Danten is A gatha Donten no longer, and I have lost an object in life. She looked very well as a bride ; rather overpowering you know made a man admire Bob's pluck ; but still very nice much better than I expected. Clara was not a bridesmaid ; she was at the church though, and I saw the ceremony through a window. How Agatha tried to look timid and bashful, and Esmeralda Jones and the other bridesmaids threw anxious glances at her as though they expected her to faint every minute, poor nervous creature 1 It was a very imposing ceremony, only Bob had a worn and anxious look about him which I did not understand until afterwards. Then it leaked out in his hurry and confusion he had put his boots on the wrong feet and what with the torture he was suffering, and the fear that somebody would notice it, he had an anxious time of it. I am sorry the explanation could not be made public for I heard some of the girls making remarks about the piteous expression of his face that were not at all complimentary to the Bouncer. We had a great time of it afterwards. Blount was particularly attentive to Clara, and she seemed rather pleased at it; and I don't think anybody there but a battered mis- anthropical old magpie gave a thought to one who had gone to a cool quiet home under the restless waves. Yes; I was wrong; one did; but then she was a child, and not old enough to know the lesson the world so soon teaches. Little Ada came up to Blount (who has been admitted as her first favorite until Nevil turns up again, for shells convinced that he will come and began asking questions about her old friend, until Blount had to stop her for fear Clara might hear. But, though she may have put him in mind of the dead man, the living girl, with her sweet sad face, soon ejected the phantom. A sad face I called it well, it was some time ago ; but she's learnt to smile again now. I felt so put out and annoyed that I went on to the verandah to be by myself, and have a quiet walk. I had not been there long before Ada stole out and sat down, and looked dreamily out into the garden like she often does, for she's a queer child, full of strange fancies. I knew she was thinking of Nevil, and felt so much in accord with her that I hopped up close to her, and she stroked me softly and called me poor old Maggie," and we both were very quiet and inside they were talk- ing and laughing as though life was always to be a wedding breakfast. Presently Ada began talk- ing in a low tone to me for she is an appreciative child, and we often have long conversations together, in which she does all the talking, I must admit. "Do you ever dream, Maggie '" she said. "Do you ever think you hear voices calling to you when the wind blows strong and then when it is dark do you see the faces belonging to the voices come and look in at the window and had to you I" Really I did not know what to reply to this, for I often do imagine strange things : look at that cockatoo's ghost I fancied I saw. I 3u8twhiatled softly to show her that I under Stood her, and she went on " And sometimes laces you know come to you, Maggie. Lost sight I saw auntie, and she didn't scold me and look cross like she always used to but she had a! t kind smile' and whose Bus was there I drought I heard the waves beating against the noise, like they did against the steamer" "Good gracious, Mr. Blount, do look at this strange child sitting out here by herself talking T" theulaagPie, ' said the voice of Esmeralda WM behind us I and I went straight for her shoes at once. I was getting quite interested, as to be interrupted by a great hoyden "as that ! Hi I I hate you all, men and women Ada jumped up and went to Blount as he came at the young lady's call; refusing the 819 blandishments of Miss Jones, who died w kiss her with the usual swagger with Right of re-publication reserved by the author. which women perform that osculatory process when they have a man for an audience. "What were you talking about, Ada!" said her new favorite. " I won't tell while she's there," returned the enfants terrible; she slapped me the other day, when nobody was there," " Oh, Ada I how can you say so f ' exclaimed the young lady, in a tone of indignant reproach and Blount, with the suspicion of a smile flitting over his face, hastened to change the conversation to less dangerous topics. I suppose if Clara were to remain down- hearted and miserable I should be annoyed with her for it, and because she is become a little bit livelier I am angry with her. It's a remarkably strange thing that we never are satisfied ; I must be getting old and cross. Chapter XI. But now the courage mounted to her face. And while she raised her head in sweet disdain The light of life beamed in her looks again For though he was but woman, worn and weak, Though the devouring waters rose again, And though she laid to his a death-cold cheek, In that fond breast there swelled a love that bade her speak. " It was about 11 o'clock at night, and Mrs. Bloomington was standing looking down at her little cousin sleeping the sound sleep of healthy childhood ; thinking with envy perhaps of that dreamless slumber ; then she left the child's room and went to her own which adjoined it. A cold gust of air almost extinguished the candle as she eat red, and she muttered something petulantly about stupid servants leaving the window open, and then stopped suddenly for standing near the open window, as though interrupted in his departure by that outlet, was a man-and that man was her husband. For a moment they gazed at each other by the un- steady light of the flickering candle ; then she spoke : "Why do you come here !" " Why Î I should imagine I had a right here if any man has." By this time she had got over the surprise of his appearance, and her voice was firm and calm as she answered him.' " Do you want money, that you risk detection this way by breaking into the house ?" "I want it, but not from you. What I would have is that interest is d affection a wife is supposed to always feel for her husband, no matter what the world does " "I'm glad you said 'supposed.' I can assure you that it is quite a supposition so far as I am concerned." " Why should you hate me, Jane 1 _ To you, at least, I never showed anything but kindness." " Probably not, but kindness is nothing : I am not to be influenced by that, nor are any woman's affections likely to be purchased that way, It's a natural impulse : I disliked you when I married you, and now dislike myself for having married you, which you may be sure does not tell in your favor." "'You discuss the question as calmly as if you were having a playful argument with somebody," he returned with a sneer. " And you are right ; it is but a trifle to you ; but to me, hunted, homeless, and in constant dread a kind word might mean life or death." I did not give you credit for so much senti- ment ; but why prolong this useless discussion ? you have a perfect right to as much money as you want ; why not take some, and leave the country, while you are safe." "Because that is exactly what you and some- body else want me to do. Life has become of so little. value that I prefer revenge to it-" On me ? take it then," she said scornfully. " No, not on you on one who stole your affections-" " I know whom you mean ; he could scarcely steal what you never had they were his before I saw you " Her husband looked at her curiously. "I wonder what could touch you," he said at lost. " Granted that you disliked me always, still I was and am your husband, and now can you see me like this without a word of pity or consola- tion! ' " I can and do, She replied. " Then I will wring your heart yet and I know how I'll see you again, and you shall confess it "So long as you relieve me of your presence now, I don't care what you threaten." He looked long and imploringly at her, as she stood with one hand on the table, haughty and disdainful ; but her features never softened or changed. "You have it in your power," he said remember you are my wife, and I will forget my purpose ; one word." For answer she pointed to the window through which he had entered, and with a look of Bullen anger he clambered through it and was gone in the darkness. As methodically as though nothing had occurred, Mrs. Bloomington fastened the window and closed the blind. Meanwhile her husband found his way to a cheap lodging-house, and lay through the dark hours planning numberless schemes of insane vengeance. After long and deep thought Mrs. Bloomington determined to tell Nevil of her nocturnal visitor. As she expected, the threats of vengeance against himself he treated as mere idle boast ; but he urged that a man in such a desperate pass might particularly now that he had once found his way into the house treat her to a second visit, and exhibit more dangerous tendencies than on the first. Under these circumstances he persuaded her to accompany him back to Brisbane, but not to let anybody know of her intention until almost the point of starting. The steamer met with heavy weather almost as soon as she cleared the heads, and that night the wind increased to half a gale. By morning there was a tremendous sea, and by nightfall men were beginning to look anxious and grave. Mrs. Bloomington, who was a good sailor, stayed on deck until late, the saloon, with all ports closed, being an abode fit only for sala- manders. After Nevil had at last taken her below he stayed up for some time watching the great waves curling up and towering right above them at times, as though determined to drive the steamer under at one blow. As yet she was weathering it bravely, and when Never went down to try and get some sleep it was with no anticipation of immediate danger. He climbed into his bunk, and, after lying for some time in a kind of uneasy dream that was neither sleeping nor waking, lost all consciousness. From this restless and uneasy sleep that a man sleeps when lying on a tossing heaving couch, with all the wild noises of wind and wave around and overhead, Nevil suddenly awakened and what awoke him was what caused nearly every- body in the vessel to spring up in alarm : it was the cessation of the throbbing and grinding of the propeller. The screw had broken down ! Before he could reach the cabin steps the steamer had lost steering way, and a huge wave struck her amidships and swept the deck of every movable article. Up to the present good order had been maintained, but now, as the ship lay helpless and at the complete mercy of the sea, a sudden panic set in, augmented by the engineers and firemen coming up to report that the last sea she shipped had put out the fires. A wild rush, that the officers, aided by Nevil and one or two more of the passengers, could not at first check took place to lower the boats. The first one was swamped immediately ; but be excited with terror were some of the poor wretches that even when the boat was disappearing beneath the waves they sprang wildly down into it The other boat reached the water safely, and might possibly have lived had they got her clear of the steamer, but when about to shove off she was driven under the vessel's side, and next moment was buried beneath her two survivors only managing to get on board. This created a pause that the captain took advantage of to attempt to make the men go back to their duty, and if possible get the steamer's head to wind for as yet she was not making much water. But the sea was so high, and the waves, as if in joy at her helplessness, kept making such clean breeches over the battered hulk that it was impossible ; although, until the foretopmast went, the attempt was not abandoned. In the pause that ensued after this Never sought the saloon, now nearly knee-deep in water. Mrs. Blooming- ton, with Ada in her lap, was sitting there, cool and collected ; the stewardess and the other lady passengers weeping and praying, expecting every roll of the vessel to be the last. It was a terrible scene, and one that made Never feel the horror of the situation more forcibly than anything he had witnessed on deck. He made his way as best he could to Mrs. Bloomington, besieged by en quiries as to whether there was any hope to all of which he thought it best to answer yes, although feeling certain that there was none. Mrs. Bloomington greeted him with a smile that seemed strange amidst such surroundings and as he took Ada, who held out her arms to him directly she saw him, she told him how relieved she was to see that he was still safe. " Is there any chance at all for us ? tell me the truth ; you know I am no coward," she asked. He glanced around to see that the others did not hear him and replied : " Scarcely any ; before daylight we shall either be dead or saved," He put his arm round her to support her a little, for the rolling of the vessel was terrible and she leant her cheek contentedly against his shoulder ; then, as if struck by a sudden thought, looked up in his face with a queer smile. 25 "Do you think Class would take it as quietly as this 1" she said. The question took him too much by surprise for him to answer and as it brought up in his mind thoughts that in the excitement of the last few hours he had successfully banished, a change that it was impossible to repress passed over his face. "Forgive me," whispered his companion, who noted it, with a woman's instinct. " It was a foolish speech ; may you be saved for her sake, though if you knew how little I desire to live you would not wonder at my late boast. " God knows what may happen," he replied pressing her affectionately to him " many have been rescued when in worse plight than this, and we may be yet ; but I must leave you again for a time ; I may be able to give a hand on deck." " You will come to me when the end must come ?" she asked beseechingly. If I am alive," he said simply, as he put the child back in her arms, and stooped and kissed her. To the wretched women in the cabin, denied the excitement of exertion, the time dragged on accompanied by vague and awful terrors ; still more terrible for not knowing what was passing on deck. Every moment they expected to see the tossing water that roared and gurgled so close to them come rushing down with death on its foam and at every staggering roll the doomed ship gave a wailing shriek would break from some poor frightened girl. Only one there seemed indifferent to whatever fate whs coming, and she looked with contempt on her terror stricken companions and did not seek to aid or comfort them. At last a man appeared, streaming with water and with bleeding hands and face. It was the chief officer ; he was followed by Nevil and another passenger in much the same plight. Never came up to Mrs. Bloomington. " Give me Ada," he said, " and come upon deck ; there is a chance." The chief officer was supporting one of the other 1 dy passengers, and the other passenger, who had a wife on board, was helping her to the companion way. . . . When Nevil went on deck after leaving the woman who through all danger did not seem to waver or alter in the one idea of her life, he found a change had taken place. Heavy rain had set in, the wind had greatly abated, and it truly seemed that the flood-gates of Heaven were opened, for the rain came down in one sheet. At first-for the darkness was intense he could see no one on deck ; but the gleam of a lantern led him forward, and he found that an attempt was being made to get rid of the wreck of the fore-topmast, and rig up a storm jib and a try- sail. The captain, whose arm had been broken in the former attempt, was the first man Never came to, as he made his way with difficulty from one point of vantage to another. He secured himself alongside him as well as he could, and asked if he could do anything. The captain told him no and added " If she does not strain herself with all this rolling, we stand a chance yet. Nothing could be better than this rain ; it will put the sea down quicker than anything." Just then a flash _ of lightning showed them another figure coming along the wet and wave swept deck. It came close to then holding on with difficulty, and shouted something that Never did not catch, but the captain understood it. " It's all up," he cried ; " but say nothing below ; she's making water fast, and we must get the women off in what boats we have left. Thank God the sea is not so bad as it was this heavy rain may save us." By this time the wreck of the fore-topmast had been cleared, and a rag of sail bent, and with two men at the wheel she made a better show for it than she had done yet. One of the two remaining boats on the davits was now lowered, in charge of the second mate, and order and discipline being maintained it seemed that there would be a chance to put the women on board of her. The chief officer, Nevil, and another passenger went into the saloon to assist them up. Never took little Ada in his arms, on reaching the deck, and directed Mrs. Bloomington to keep under shelter of the skylight until he came for her. One of the lady passengers who attempted to get into the boat first fell into the sea, and was never seen again ; the other, frightened at this threw herself down and refused to try ; meanwhile the men in the boat were with difficulty keeping her from being smashed against the steamer's side and valuable time was thus lost. As Never in his turn held the child over the side, a brilliant flash of lightning showed him the boat, lifted up nearly level with the deck and the mate in the stern called to him to let the girl go. He did, and she was safely caught, and the next flash showed the boat some distance away, and that was the last they saw of her, although the men made every attempt to regain the steamer. The men on board now made their way to the other boat ; but, although she was successfully lowered, she had been injured in some way and made so much water that she sank almost immediately, causing the loss of two more of the crew and two passengers. All hope seemed once more lost ; the ray that had cheered them up lately had abandoned them and all save one or two stouter hearts gave way to despair. The steamer seemed now to be settling down fast and the captain and chief officer strove to induce the remnant of the crew and passengers to attempt to make some sort of raft of the loose spars and wreckage on the deck. She was rolling so heavily that this was a work of great danger and difficulty, but finally it was accomplished and so cured alongside the steamer. The Kiahna was now nearly water-logged, and the captain gave orders to take to the raft, expecting she would soon sink- under them. In all there were only nine men survivors, three lady passengers, and the stewardess. The sea had fallen considerably during the heavy rain, which still poured unceasingly down and although the waves broke over the raft there was some hope that they could preserve their lives on it until daylight, when perchance they might be picked up. Fortunately all who were now left were the best men, and everything was done methodically and coolly up to the very last moment. The women were first got on to the frail support and tied securely in as comfortable a position as circumstances would permit ; then what provisions and water could be got up from the cabin and lastly, as the poor ship gave many ominous wails and groans, the men scrambled on. As the captain-who spite of his broken arm was the last to leave gave a look around, by the aid of the lightning, he caught sight of a figure lying under the steam winch. Calling to Nevil, who was about getting on to the raft, they went to it, and found it to be a man, still alive, but apparently insensible from having been dashed against some of the ironwork. They got him on board the raft with some trouble, and then cut themselves adrift and the Kiahna was abandoned. A lantern on one of the stays was still alight, and for some time after they parted company this could plainly be seen. Suddenly, like a shooting star, they saw it swoop downwards ; then they knew that their ship had gone to the bottom, and they were alone on a few loosely lashed spars. Taking advantage of the lightning, which was very frequent, Never made out the time by his watch, and found it to be past 4. This was a relief to most of them, as the women were suffering from cold and exposure, and could scarcely have lived through a whole night, lying as they were almost submerged. The sea, although still high, had subsided greatly, and as daylight broke they were able to cut the lashings that they had fastened round the women, and give them some assistance to sit up. They were able also in a rude way to bind up the captain's arm and improvise a sling for it. A ration of rum and a biscuit helped to make them more hopeful, and by this time, the light being strong, anxious but unsuccessful looks were cost around. Nevil presently thought of the insensible man they had dragged on board the last moment, and on looking for him found him in the same place where they had tied him, but cold and dead ; but what was Nevil's surprise to recognise in the sodden drenched features the man whose wife was on the raft Bloomington] Whether he had followed Nevil and watched him on board, or whether it was mere blind chance, it was impossible to guess ; but it was he and dead. They cut the lashings and dropped the body quietly overboard, without letting the women see it; although it floated, and for some time, to Nevil's great horror, seemed inclined to accompany them. Chapter XII. Tile fourth day time, but not a breath of air, And ocean slumbered like an unwearied child ; The fifth day and their boat la; floating there The sea and sky were blue and clear and mild. The wind having fallen greatly and the sea subsided, the occupants of the raft would- if they had been in a boat-have felt some confidence in getting to land ; but situated as they were none of them were particularly sanguine. The only thing to be done was to put a bold face on the matter, and try and bully Fate into being kind to them. It was a dismal prospect, and their position was rendered worse by the presence of the helpless women amongst them. Towards noon the clouds broke a little ; once or twice they had a glimpse of. the sun, and at sundown the sky cleared entirely and the night was cloud- less and rather cold. It was a terrible night. They had exhausted all schemes and plans and now had almost abandoned themselves to utter despair. About 2 o'clock in the morning Never fell into a half sleeping state that was neither consciousness nor unconsciousness. He knew that he was still on the raft, but only in a half stupid way that made it seem more as if he was reading of the adventure in a book than actually experiencing it. What he was really dreaming he could not afterwards recall, but mixed up with it were recollections of the steamer they had lately left, and through the mists of his dozing senses he heard the ship's bell strike the time clearly and distinctly. Just then he felt himself grasped by the arm, and, awakening to the position, found that Mrs. Bloomington had aroused him. " Did your hear it !" she said excitedly. " What !" he asked. " The bell I quite close to us ; just over there ;" and she pointed to the eastward. The exclamation, chiming in with his dream, startled him and made him believe her and be strained his eyes looking in the indicated direction, but could see nothing : only black darkness. Everybody was now looking excitedly in the quarter pointed out, and the chief officer at last called out that he could see a light, whenever they rose on the top of a swell. After long watching, they made out for certain that it was a ship's mast-head light, and the probability was that it was a steamer. If so she would be out of sight before daylight, and they would never be seen. In fact she seemed to have passed them and to be leaving them even then, as after a short interval the light was no longer visible. When daylight dawned once more, there was nothing in sight. Death now put in-an-appearance amongst them : one of the lady passengers died that day, and the body had to be thrown into the sea. It was now quite calm, and the sun was fierce and powerful in the extreme. Their small supply of water was insufficient to satisfy them, and the irritation caused by wearing their clothes saturated with salt water made them all slightly delirious ; the captain especially suffering from the pain of his broken arm. Just before sun- down on this the third day, they sighted a sail ; but that was all she did not see them. That night the stewardess died, and the captain, whose arm was excessively inflamed, became almost mad, and raved incessantly, Once more the sun rose on them, almost foodless, waterlesS, and exhausted with anxiety and want of sleep. The captain died about noon : mortification set in, and his end was peaceful. Then the survivors looked one another in the face and bade each other good-bye, for they gave up all hope. Slowly and silently the hours dragged on the sea was as smooth and untroubled as some still lagoon hundreds of miles inland ; overhead the sun was bright and cheerful and the sky clear and cloudlosB,''and'on the raft the few survivors were listlessly waiting for death. He came too slowly for some of them : one of the passengers suddenly sprang up, and, casting a look around as though bidding the world farewell, jumped into the sea. He rose once, but went down again immediately, and they saw him no more. Nevil, who had taken his place by the side of Mrs. Bloomington, would have attempted to drag the unhappy maniac back, but, as his companion was lying helpless and almost unconscious in his arms, he could not free himself in time to execute the intention. One of the others was about to follow the suicide's example, but the chief officer, a hardy determined fellow, caught him, and threatened to tie him down if he did not remain quiet. So that day came to a close, and the next morning there were only five survivors, Mrs. Bloomington was still alive but very faint and wink although quite conscious. The next day dawned with promise of rain ; one more of their number had gone over to the great majority during the night and now there were only four, to look at each other, and wait, and despair. The mate peered anxiously round us the light grew strong, but nothing was in sight ; only towards the south he drew Nevil's attention to a faint looking clouds, that looked something like the smoke of a steamer. A rain squall came up about 10s and afforded them some relief ; but it appeared to be only a prolongation of suffering ; they seemed to have got entirely out of the track of the coasting steamers ; nothing for it but a lingering death. Nevil,' in spite of his own suffering, could not help looking with acute pity on the ; woman who in this supreme moment still clung to him, and seemed to think that death was no such hardship, shared' this. Powerless and impotent to Saved he could only strive by kind words and caresses to soothe her last moments, and make her forgot the horrors of their surroundings. A gaunt and fearful looking crew they were, and each one saw in his companion's emaciated appearance a reflection of his own condition. lAndtheraftfloatedalmostmotion less, on the still sea, and round about the fins of sharks appeared at timesabovethe smooth surface. That day was one that Never if he were to live through eternity would never forget. The calm dead sea, the wasted famine-stricken forms around him, and the relentless sun o'erhead. He had faced death often before, but it had been where a man had been able to make a struggle for it and not compelled to sit idly and wait for death or succour, This was the thought that maddened both him and the bold fellow at his side. , < , i I I I "I don't know whether that fellow who jumped overboard was not the wisest after all," said the mate.' ' ' " It's tempting certainly," replied Nevil, " but having held out so long we may as well suffer to the end" It (C My God I if I only had a piece of tobacco I wouldn't mind so much," exclaimed the mate', so earnestly that I in spite of all Never could not repress a laugh. ; ' ' 3 The other nudged his arm ; " They're waiting for us," he said with a ghastly attempt at a smile, pointing at the fire of two or three sharks not a hundred yards away.' Hush 1" returned Nevil, fearful that the words might reach other ears than his. " I forgot," replied the mate ; "I think I am going off my head a little ; I keep fancying all sorts of queer things. Sometimes I could almost swear that I saw a ship close to us." " I've felt that way for some time," said Never " It's faintness from want of food ; make up your mind not to give way and it will be all right." They were silent for some time after this conversation. The only other survivor, one of the sailors, was lying helplessly on the spars, without " A bit of a squall over there," the mate said at last pointing in the direction where a dark cloud was gathering ; " we may possibly get it " " It looks like something underneath the cloud," remarked Nevil after gazing earnestly for some time. The mate shaded his eyes. " By Jove, I believe you're right, but it's thickening so quick just there that I've lost it again ; when it dear we shall see for certain." So the raft lay idly there, with its half-dead freight, and the hungry sharks waiting around and Nevil and his comrade watched the far-off dark patch of rain that had covered the object they thought they saw watched for the cloud to pass for there, they knew and felt, rested their lost their only hope. Chapter XLII. *fMA«GIE'S SECRET." At my time of life, when I get in a contemplative mood and sit on the back of chair digesting a good meal, I always find myself dwelling more upon the past than the future. I often fall into the common error of thinking that had I my life to live over again I should make much more of it. I often hear you men make the same remark and when I reflect about it I cannot help being impressed with its rank absurdity. Of course the first step to the right or left that we made would put us amongst such an entirely different set of circumstances that all our vaunted experience would be of no avail, and we should blunder along just in the old happy-go-lucky style. We needs must fancy that we are wiser when we reach the end of life's journey than when we set out, but I doubt if we are in reality ; we conceal our folly better perhaps, but it's there all the same. Fact is that, looking at life from the outside stand-point that my position as a bird affords, it really seems that we do nothing but run around asking somebody to make fools of us. I wonder what sort of a woman little Ada will grow up ; I have taken charge of her I am disgusted with Clara, and show my displeasure in a marked manner. I never take my meals from her now ; I let Ada feed me instead. I can see that Clara feels my displeasure too, and I intend that she shall. What does she mean by flirting with Blount? And yet it's not flirting altogether ; it's more as if they liked one another's society because they had thoughts and feelings in common. But Blount should be worldly-wise enough to know that all that is nonsense : this sort of friendship cannot exist between men and women : they started splendidly under the most favorable and favoring winds, and then one or other of the people interested tries to make the interest warmer, and the natural consequence is disappointment. No, the only relationship possible between men and women is that of open hostility ; Stick to that and you're safe. Should I be so much respected and generally looked up to if I did not pro crave a consistently defiant attitude towards the world ? I have not heard of any open and serious quarrel between Mr. and Mrs. Btntam iib yet, so if any struggle for mastery has taken place it has been conducted on principles of the strictest secrecy, and no marks of the combat are visible. Meanwhile we are going slowly along as usual, and now that I have the care of Ada on my hands I find I have quite enough to do at my time of life. I am going to show Ada my savings before I did and I trust she will employ the money to advantage. I had intended them for Clara, but circumstances have be altered that I feel myself quite absolved now. I had some thought of going back with James when he returned North ; I have a longing to pass my last days on a station once more : I can think of all manner of nice ways in which I could make myself supremely disagreeable and render my name a terror and a by-word. However, I suppose I must submit to necessity and let myself be buried amongst my own people. There was a rumour about some survivors of the wreck of the Kiahna being picked up and taken to California or some outlandish place (my geography is not very good). Somebody said he saw a telegram in a Sydney newspaper ; but we never got to the bottom of it, and as nothing more transpired I suppose we may put it down as a rumour only. Clara is looking nearly as well as ever, and has taken to singing sometimes again ; as I said before we are very distant, and I confine myself principally to Ada ; excepting when I go up to see old Mrs, Damien, who lives aim is entirely in her room now. Blouut does not display any hurry to go back to the station ; I can't think what he wants to dawdle his time away like that I wouldn't do it if I was a man. I was sitting with Ada the other day ; she was reading to me about a little girl named Alice who went through some uncommonly interesting adventures in a country called Wonderland. I should like to live there it seems a better managed place than this world. Well she was reading in a low tone to herself, or rather to me for I was sitting on the arm of her chair, watching her through half-shut eyes (she is growing up a very pretty little girl, and will do me credit I am sure). Everybody was out excepting the old lady upstairs, and I was in charge of the house. Suddenly I was aware that there was a strange dog in the garden. Now this was very annoy- ing, for I had hidden some of my dinner amongst the verbenas, and this car was sniffing about close to them. I flew after him, and soon made him go out quicker than he came in. Then I went back, and Ada was gone ; so being left alone I made myself comfortable, and went to sleep, only to be awakened by two people talking. How heavily I must sleep now ! at one time anything would rouse me ; now Clara had actually come home without my hearing her, and Blount was standing talking to her in the drawing-room. What they had been saying before I woke up I don't know, but their position when I looked in at them forcibly reminded me of another scene I once witnessed when I came back from my holiday. Whether Blount was asking the same question that was asked then I don't know, but it appeared very much like it. Clara looked down at the ground, and blushed, and at last I heard her say in a very still small voice, " Will you tell me in a week ?" and Blount seemed tolerably well satisfied, as he answered " yes," and shortly took his departure. Now I don't approve of this at all I intend to put a stop on these proceedings somehow, but I must confess I don't exactly see how. How- ever I'll be on hand at the end of the week, trust me. ... I was there I saw it all and it was just what I expected. Yea I" that was the answer, and the question was I suppose the same old hackneyed "one, " I was standing in the verandah watching them, trying to hear what they were saying, and wondering whether I should not make a desperate onslaught on the pair of them, when a board creaked behind me, and I turned and nearly jumped out of my skin with fright, for there stood a ghost. Yes, a ghost in broad daylight, the ghost of David Nevil I I had not any voice left to call out; I could only stare at the apparition. Then I thought of my prayers, and wondered whether I was going to die ; when a thought struck me. Perhaps it wasn't a ghost at all a ghost would not have walked on tiptoe like this substantial spirit was doing. Then I saw the situation. He was going to surprise Clara ; it was no ghost. "Wait a minute, old man," I thought ; "you'll be the surprised one, He need not have gone softly to the open French light ; they were too occupied to notice him, and he peeped in expecting no doubt to see anything but what he saw. I don't think he stood there ten seconds ; then he stole off as gently as he had come, and left the house un- noticed. And Clara and Blount were in blissful unconsciousness of their audience, and I was the only one who knew that Never was not drowned but alive and well as ever. Now I think I was defrauded of a good scene. I consider that he should have shown himself, and he and Blount could have had a duel on the hearth-rug, and there would have been any amount of excitement and romance and now I he's just gone quietly away, and will write a polite note to Jack informing him of his resur ' rection I suppose. This is a hollow world I When Jack came home, he had about the most puzzled look on his face that I ever saw a man wear. First he looked all about the room, as if he expected a burglar was concealed in it : he stared curiously at his sister, till she got the color of pink blotting paper and at last he said in a tone of surprise, " Where is he ?" Blount looked at Clara wonderingly, and she laughed and said, " What do you mean Jack ? explain yourself" " Why, Nevil of course ; he left me to come here about an hour ago." Poor Clara 1 when I saw how white she turned my heart went back to her at once, and I felt really and truly sorry. Blount spoke first : " Do you mean that Never has come back that he is alive V "Alive! yes: I tell you he left me only an hour ago to come here ; what can have become of him ?" "How was he saved?" asked Blount. Clara never spoke. " Four of them were picked up by a steamer bound from Sydney to Panama." "And why could he not telegraph?" said Blount, with a touch of anger in his voice. " He did not say." Was poor Mrs. Bloomington drowned ?" said Clara, speaking for the first time. " No ! Mrs. Bloomington was one of the four saved," Strange to say, Clara looked brighter after this information. " Where is she !" she asked eagerly. " In San Francisco at present. Never promised to take Ada out to her if the child had escaped, which he did not know before." "Strange that he never telegraphed," said Blount again. " Strange that he never came here," returned Jock : " I can't make it out." Clara rose just then, and was about to leave the room, but she seemed faint, and Jack had to put his arm round her to support her. I knew the reason ; but Jack put it down to quite another cause, and when he returned his brow was as black as possible. " I'll go and look him up," he said, " will you come !" Blount nodded, and they went out together and I was alone with my thoughts and rather mixed ones they were. Strange to say, my main idea was that Clara was very ill-used. Blount was right ; what business had a man to let all his friends think him dead, and then come turning up in this romantic manner and expecting to find everybody is mourning for him ? It was not at all fair and as Master Nevil chose to play the part of Enoch Arden he had no business to be disappointed in the result ; it was only what he might have reckoned on. Jack and Blount did not come back until dinner had been waiting some time and a very uncomfortable meal it was. They had seen nothing of Nevil ; so I gathered from their conversation and everybody seemed in a particularly bad temper ; Ada too had heard of this arrival and helped matters by pestering everybody with questions. What a wonderful thing time is a few short months ago and Novil's appearance would have turned everybody's head with joy and now he's put everything out by turning up again. I suppose Blount and Jack had some sort of understanding that night, for Jack seemed very much annoyed, and inclined to be rather grave with Clara. The next morning Jack got a long letter which I suppose afforded some explanation of Nevil's conduct, but if so he never imparted the information to anybody else. I had just pecked the Bouncer's eldest child, a boy about three years old, with delicious logs. The bites I have given that youth have become landmarks in my life, pleasant little remembrances to think over what I am sulky and dis- contented. Well, I had just sent him howling in to his mother when somebody said, "Old Maggie that it as usual. I couldn't speak and say " You seem to be very familiar with me ;" but I looked it for I did not know the speaker at all but at last it dawned upon me that it was the man called Armstrong ; he was with Jack-I must be really be getting very deaf, that I can't hear people coming now. " Did you see my brother as you came in !" Jack was saying. " Yes he's greatly altered, and for the better, if you'll pardon my saying so." I quite agree with you," returned Jack laugh- ing ; " there was room for improvement." They went inside then, and I heard no more in fact that boy's squalling was enough to deafen anybody. Certainly I made him ary, but it was not bad enough to make such a yelling over. It's four years Hugo Never turned up, and dis- appeared in that mysterious manner. And what has happened during those four years? Well, a great many things. First, as you may guess, Jack is now a married man, and his wife was a widow when we first knew her. There's a young lady in the drawing-room at the present moment trying to still the shrieks of that urchin, the eldest hope of the Bantam family. Pretty girl, isn't she! I feel proud of her that's the second girl I consider I can take credit to myself for properly training. I think her almost equal to Clara and if I don't quite, why, it is because, you see Clara and I were young together, and of course nobody can ever take her place in my affections. But Ada has grown up a very nice girl, and she's just as strange and fanciful as over, and although arrived at the mature age of seventeen she is not above talking to an old magpie. And if in point of fact she may not get any very useful or edifying conversation from me, at operate I'm a splendid listener, and that is a very useful talent. Yes, Ada has quite fulfilled my expectations, and I do not at all begrudge the little trouble I have bestowed on her at various times. I only regret that I shall not live to see her a woman. And her cousin, Mrs. Bloomington? She's buried in San Francisco. She never fully recovered her sufferings on the wreck, and when Nevil and Ada reached San Francisco it was only to find her dying. I know the story, for I've heard Ada tell it to Clara so often and Clara seems never tired of hearing it. Why I wonder. Why should she like to hear of his tender care and solicitude for another woman, and that wound a rival ? Only that she is one girl is ten thousand. But, let that be as it will, Ada tells the story with tears in her eyes as though her cousin had been a loving mother to her all her life, instead of an indifferent guardian. Yob, She died very quietly and peacefully, holding Nevil's hand to the best. Peace be with her 1 I Bay. And now I come to the great mistake of my life : whenever I see Clara and think of it I feel inclined to grovel in the dust and cast ashes on my head to think that I should have mistaken her so I write myself down rise at once. I, who ought to have known her, actually accused her of forgetting Nevil and landing her ear to his friend. Fortunately it's some balm to my wounded self-esteem to think that Never was as great a fool as I was, and went near to ruining his happiness in life by it. Blount know all about his rescue from the raft Never had telegraphed to him from San Francisco, telling him, if the news of their being saved had not been made public, to keep it quiet, as he was going to surprise them all. Now Blount had taken a great liking to Clara, and was afraid that the surprise would be too much for her therefore he was preparing her for it, and was about to communicate it to her, when Master Never with a reprehensible love of mischief came up without sending Blount any notice, and popped in upon what I must confess, to any impartial spectator who was not behind the scones, did look extremely like a little love story in three chapters. So be quietly went away by the same steamer that brought him up from Sydney, and wrote to Jack to send Ada down In consequence of this rash and absurd proceeding Blount had to go to America after him, and I hope Never felt ashamed of himself when he was found. However, Clara forgave him for doubting her I suppose she thought that there was some excuse, for just when Never looked in at the window Blount had given her a hint of the truth (which I believe she had suspected for some time), and in her eagerness she laid her hand on his arm and was looking up into his face in a very earnest manner, that by both of us-Nevil and me-was misinterpreted. Well, they are married now, and I live with them, and so does Ada and all things considered, we get on as well as can be expected. I trust that we don't fight and quarrel amongst ourselves more than most families do and that is saying a good deal. I wonder, now that my story is told, my secret chattered out, whether I shall find anything more in life to interest me, I feel sorry that I am so old, for I have lived so long amongst men and women that half my thoughts and feelings are identical with theirs-. No I this thing must be put a stop to 1 That cat has been into the garden twice this morning, and Ada stood there looking at it, and never drove the creature away ; I can't stand it, I must assert myself for the last time. Here goes ! Out you go I [the end L A Musical Jokers his father's pupils made too much noise in the house Frederic Chopin had only to place himself at the pains to produce instant and perfect quiet. One day when Professor Chopin was out there was a frightful scene. Barcinski, the master present, was at his wits' end, when Frederic happily entered the room. Without deliberation he requested the roysterers to sit down, called in those who were making a noise outside, and promised to improvise an interesting story on the piano if they would be quite quiet. All were instantly as still as death, and Frederic sat down to the instrument and extinguished the lights. He described how robbers approached a house, mounted by ladders to the windows, but were frightened away by a noise within. Without delay they fled on the wings of the wind into a deep dark wood, where they fell asleep under the starry sky. He played more and more softly, as if trying to lull the children to rest, till he found that his hearers had actually fallen asleep. The young artist noiselessly crept out of the room to his parents and visitors, and asked them to follow him with a light. When the family had amused themselves with the various postures of the sleepers, Frederic sat down again to the piano, and struck a thrilling chord, at which they all sprang up in a fright. A hearty laugh was the finale of this musical joke. Frederic Chopin; His Life, Letters, and Works, 