[?] There has surely been a sufficiency of talk anent j the bestowing of that patent of nobility upon John | Davies, gentleman. One question only remains un asked. He possesses the dignity—' What will he do with it?' Hitherto John has -wrought m devious wars, and crept through narrow channels. He lias fed' in ambrosial pastures, but he did not get into them by the royal gate. This blazonry of fame may have the same effect as that appendage called a yoke about the neck of a predatory goat. Oh, letters twee i on, ij.hi.u. : Proud badge of notability. Why did they bind them upon me, To cumber my utility t A C.M.G. ! How can X stand. With head outstretched and hat in hand, And whine, and cringe, and crave, and pray For Parltes's favours every day ? How can I creep ? These letters huge Will bar from every subterfuge. Through good old ways and courses small, They'll never let me pass at all. A C.M.G.'. I've little doubt That's put some other noses out ; A dire mistake to me it seems, And breaks tbe back of all my schemes. A C.M.G.! Saints pity me, My life henccforth is misery. Upon my crave 'twill written be, ' Died 'cause thev made him C.M.G.' ' Thev are ever foremost in the race of life,' at least so 'said my friend Brown, when speaking of the legal profession ; 'and,' continued he, 'it is note worthy that, when the alarm of fire arose in the Theatre Royal, on Saturday evening last, in the rush for egress the first three placed by the doorkeeper of the dress-circle were a judge, a barrister, and a solicitor.'' ! An amusing story of two Dukes of Manchester — to wit, his Grace of Sorata and a certain merino ram known to breeders of wool — has been going the round of the papers. Now, without impertinent reflection, I think there are many points of resemblance between I an elderly representative of an ancient race and a j merino sire of pedigree and fame. From horn to hoof the merino has a stately and dignified mien. He is not prone to quarrel, but will never pass a challenge. You know the way challenge is given amongst fleecy sires — a simple lowering of the head, equivalent to the chivalric bow, by which terms of meeting were once pronounced satisfactory. We gathered a mob of these fleecy aristocrats in a yard once, to doctor their gouty toes (another correspond ing trait, by the way). An ancient shepherd, bald as the prophet, was bent low, applying his knife to a sadly deformed hoof. His hat fell ; his shiny pate instantly glowed red and menacing, and Kaiser 14 looked first in amaze, then in rapture. It was the first time biped had offered this honourable affront. He backed to the fence, set his head well in, and — came. The most unfortunate 6hepherd went. We picked him out from beneath the brush fence, and had much difficulty in persuading Kaiser 14 that his victory was complete. The shepherd sent for a wig ] by the next mail, and lashed it carefully upon his patched skull. .Tockf.y : low see, when we got to the ' urdle I felt a lit'nervotu, lut gathered myself vp and made a splendid jump,' Never touched wood. Coachman : And the 'or.se. Jockey : Oh, he stopped on that sid-e of the sticks ! I never refuses a ' urd/c myself. 'No man is a hero to his valet.' This truism would, I fear, have also a direct application to our fives' estimation of our noble selves, were the dear hypocrites to speak the thoughts of their bosoms — to divulge the ' secrets of their prison-houses.' Fancy the consternation that would seize possession of the 'Benedicts' of Sydney, let us say, were the 'Beatrices' thereof to revolt, and defyingly say to their spouses, with ominous shake of the head, ' And I could an if I would,' and 'You know,'' and ' If, &c.;' These horrible thoughts come into my head when I read the tale that comes to us from America ; for there the cherished wife of Doctor Tanner's bosom has thrown off her allegiance, has erected the pole with the ' liberty cap ' on its head, and proclaimed from the liouse-top that the great fast was a sham. The spell is broken, and Tanner is a humbug ! The harrowing, the choice, the interesting, and the refined details of his sufferings, over which we groaned and gloated, were semi-fiction — a work of art, in fact ; and when the great doctor is questioned m the doubting spirit of Hamlet and asked ' for the proofs' and 'Could I be sure,' &c.;, we have for answer not exactly that they, i.e. the facts, are in ;;*™l's eye» but that they are 'all in his which is the same thing after all, for they exist similarly in the imagination alone. The bet of £1000 will now, I apprehend, be discharged with a Tanner. 1 met a madman once far away m the never-never country where men find it easy to go mad. He came to our camp in the evening and sat down to supper, was rational enough over his damper and tea, but later, as the tobacco smoke rose thick, grew eloquent a. hazy. It was about midnight when the full Mgour of his insanity appeared. We were most of ®jeePulS when I heard some one at the sandal wood fire by my head (for the mosquitoes, you know, sandalwood is quite as good as the other thing, and far pleasanter). I looked up, and beheld &e; madman brandishing two lighted sticks, o use a back-block expression) it was ionesome thing' to find a man of doubtful ante in that position at the dead of night. What r htj™' N° harm, whatever; he simply took ignted sticks from every fire, went round the camp 'i a great circle, set them up at intervals, and in the morning made free explanation. ' The world was moving faster last night than for many a thousand years ; but — i stopped her.' Archbishop Vaughan is sane enough, yet he reminds me of that back-block incident — rampaging round when other people are asleep or attending to their duty, putting up firesticks here and there, and making proclamation, ' The world has moved too fast, too fast ; but, behold ! I have stopped it.'' Strange to say, we are not conscious of unwonted motion in the universe, nor can we realize that dreary phantasmagoria beyond. We believe, for all that the Standard, Bishop Spalding, Archbishop^ Vaughan, even that the 'watchman' upon the loftiest heights of the Vatican may say, that the world's proper motion will cot materially change, and that State education will go on and prosper, and that 50 years hence the world will hold more Christianity, Liberty, and Truth than it does to-day. FOOTBALL IN* AFGHANISTAN : KICKING THE LAST GOAL Sunshine after rain puts a very smiling face upon the gardens at Farm Cove. The flowers are all abloom, the grass grows wondrous green, and round about the rocky peninsula the breeze of the bright spring evening bears burden of bodeful sound. Dear Lady Macquarie, since firet you planned that long, fair 'water walk, how many happy hearts have blessed your Listen while the last echoes of the evening gun die away and the moonbeams glint upon the water! From every jutting crag and scarp of rock, from shade of fig and pine, from every breadth of turf or crannied nook in rock or tree, come ripples of laughter, gentle words, and low, long, melting sighs, sibilant sounds of long, sweet osculation, and harmless little shrieks. Dear lady, what would you think of it if through a rift in the darkness you could look down upon the gentle scene ? Would you not second my proposition that a temple of Hymen should be built upon the site of thai dismantled battery, and a priest be there to seal those newly made vows ? He would do more for the colony than the most competent immigration agent, and knock Buckle's theories into undiscoverable atoms. We had thought to hear of banks dismantled and Flinders-lane to let, and, behold, tidmgs come that, for 138 feet of frontage on Collins-street, certain English and Scottish bankers have paid the con siderable sum of £60,000. Take heart of grace, Victoria ; shake off the chcins of indolent anarchy, and you may yet regain your pristine grace and vigour. Even these bankers, whom your lord and master desired to smite, have not quite deserted and despised you. When entertainments are of the ordinary variety singing-hall class, we are accustomed to see ' artists ' billed as 'the great so-and-so,' 'the un approachable Queen of the Air,' ' London's great comique,' &c.; but such advertisements seem odd when thev -ret-t of singers who are ordinarily found on the platforms of high-class concerts. Although the benefit is for a worthy object, it is not well to find such announce ments as Signora ? , the great operatic vocalist; Miss ? , the sweet soprano ; Miss ? , Australia's Josephine ; Miss ? , the sweet contralto ; Miss ? , the new soprano; Mr. ? , the eminent basso; Mr. ? , operatic tenor ; Mr. ? , Sydney's fa vourite ; Mr. ? , the silver tenor ; Mr. ? , the resonant baritone ; Mr. ? , another Sydney fa vourite ; Signor ? , the celebrated pianist ; Mr. ? , the painstaking accompanist. The ladie3 and gentlemen so honoured should decidedly present the secretary, who is so lavish in words, with some testi monial. Old Woolley, who lives up Bendemeer way, has a fine orchard, and this was much admired by the new curate when he visited it last week. 'Ah, Mr. Woolley, what choice apples you grow, and what, first-class stock you rear ! Like the ancient Amos, you will become famous as a herdsman and a grower of fruit.' '? Amos asked the host; 'is he a rela tive of the fellow who is carrying out our extension r' It took the churchman some time to explain that the Amos he meant lived before the power of steam was fully recognized. Archbishop Vaughan said, on Sunday, at Surry Hills, that Bishop Spalding had said that, in the United States of America, criminals were increasing in a greater ratio than the total population Every body round about me seemed to understand him that A mnM/in +VkA«*A Viq mnro IrnavPfi i.Yian BUUiUV 111 AUlCKVa UlClv T IUU1U UIV4V honest men — more people in gaol than out. There was a general exclamation, ' The Lord save us !' And not without cause, if Bishop Spalding spoke truth. But I am inclined to think that either the audience misunderstood, or Bishop Vaughan accidentally mis quoted, or, last alternative, that Bishop Spalding pulled the long-bow very far indeed. There are two ways of looking at the Hordern episode in the City Council. First, that the whole establishment is in such perfect order that a tag of green ribbon was the only object upon which Alder man Hordern could fix his reproaches ; second, that such an accumulation of filth pollutes themunicipal den that the good alderman dare not go into the depths, but picked a straw from the surface and paraded it with much affectation of reformatory zeal. Ad mirers of ' beautiful Sydney ' (from a distance) may take the former view. We, who endure the abomi nations of vile roadways and uneven footpaths, foul drains, and poisonous sewers, and all the accumulation of municipal laches have made us heirs to (not forgetting the city rate of Is. 4d. in the pound), may be pardoned if we take the latter and darker view. It was hardly necessary to bother us with that rag of ribbon. Who cares for the distant buzz of a gnat when a thousand mosquitoes are mining in his flesh? The most unsightly object in Sydney is that in« verted cylinder, miscalled a dome, surmounting the new Lands Office. Its uses may be manifold — they are not apparent. Its ugliness is painful to all be holders. Gaze down upon its hinder part from the neighbourhood of the. Australian or Umon clubs, and you would imagine it a Parthenon of all demo cratic gods — menacing, huge, and shapeless. Graven images of M'Elhone, Buchanan, Victo ria's gallant Major and G. B., with New Zealand's illustrious convert, Sir George Grey, enshrined within, and upon the summit the spirit of the great 'to be' waving a scarlet flag. Who planned and built that excrescence upon the walls? It would have been consistent with the policy of a certain period in Australian history. Macquarie might have raised a monster of like form, and christened it Macquarie's nightcap. It would then have aided the river, street, and port of that name in commemorating an illustrious memory. The Garden Palace becomes a nuisance. Good people are tempted thereby to attempt the impossible. Witness the musical festival on Saturday last. Nothing audible but an inharmonious maze of sound in the vast aisles of that huge deserted building. Some lady vocalist will arrive at a catastrophe in trying to pitch her voice through its space, or some demented wanderer will go up into the tower and cast himself down headlong. Now that its purpose is past, its utter unfitness for any service of the people, why not shut it up and pull it down r Let us remember it as a happy living thing, beautiful with all fairest results of art and nature. It is dead now, and should be buried with decent haste. In my schooldays I remember it was the custom to administer a stinging pinch to the boy who retailed what we termed ' stale news.' If this rule still holds sway, Sir Henry Parkes will return from Albury with as many spots as a leopard. If his visit to that nitv woe +r- lvialrn a oiwpcIi T mnrmt. p.rmsrrfltul&tft; him on the effort. No one lower in the scale than a Premier would dare to occupy the time of an audience by reading statistics which were published ' far and wide ' many weeks before. I know that figures from the departments of statists are seasonable at times, before breakfast for instance, but as an after-dinner crop they usually spring from poor soil. I remember one of the Governors of Victoria who never travelled unprovided with figures. He was at all times ready with a speech, his own ideas being but as the string which bore batches of Blue Book beads. His manlte seems to have descended on our Premier. The Department of Education, under its new head, is, after all, only a slow coach, or the well-meaning residents of Temora would not have occasion to say such hard things concerning the absence of a school from their town. Months ago it was reported that hundreds of children were on the field. School masters are not scarce, nor are tents dear. Good teaching might be done even under a few tarpaulins. It would seem that Sir John, like many others, is J» 1.A ? J ? ii-T. leturicu v- ilil icu uljjc* Bravo, Cooma ! Not more than a dozen of your selectors could be brought together when a ' monster meeting ' was called to agitate for the abolition of interest on conditional selections, and, consequently, this small world of ours must entertain the idea that you have not more than 12 mean men within your boundaries. The remainder of your people say, ' No ; a bargain is a bargain, be it good or bad. When we send our wool down to Sydney, and a buyer bids 12d. per lb. for it, we expect our agent to forward us at the rate of at least one shilling. We have bought the land, have used it, and we mean to pay for it.' In the old country the oath of a process- server is not regarded as being remarkably reliable ; and it would seem that the gentlemen who distribute ' the unacceptable pieces ot blue ' in this colony are not a whit more trustworthy. A friend of mine who will, despite of all ' burnings,' speculate in mining was the other day suddenly informed that judgment had been delivered against him in some mining court a long way from this city. Knowing that it is usual to receive an imitation to attend courts, and that he had no intimation whatever that a claim would be made, he instituted inquiries, and found, ' first,' a summons had been issued in the regular form; second, that the said summons had been forwarded to this city ; and third, that he whose duty it was to serve it had sworn that the copy had been left with the servant of the defendant at the said defendant's residence. Further research brought to light the fact that the service had been made at the former residence of the defendant on persons who _ had nothing whatever to do with the case. My friend, although he has grave doubts concerning the justice of the claim, will pay, but he still reserves an opinion regarding the oath of the bailiff. AST&ONOMICAIi; STUDIES. ' The low rates at which wool can be forwarded, and the superior attractions of this market, have in duced several influential growers to forward their clip to Melbourne for disposal in preference to Sydney. Some Murrumbidgee clips which went to Sydney last year are also coming to Melbourne this season, and this city is evidently firmly estab lished as the great colonial depfit for the sale of wool. It has gained this pre-eminence through its geographical position, being the nearest shipping port to the best wool-growing districts of Aus tralia, and from the quantity and great variety of wool which is shipped here ; also, through the enterprise of its woolbrokers.' This is not an advertisement of the Wolfe or Holloway order, being an extract from the local columns of a Melbourne journal. I had no idea that railway extension in this colony could have brought about results so extraordinary. It is well that ' the depot' is so firmly established ; otherwise such a strong puff might disturb its equilibrium. It affords me much pleasure to find that Mr. A. A Dangar, who is a squatter, gives, in the columnB of the Herald, his fellow- owners of stock a good blowing-up for the apathy which they have displayed in the matter of meat exportation. The Strathleven ship ment was entirely due to the energy of one firm; who, without aid, save that which was afforded by those who placed the beef and mutton on board that vessel as an ordinary commercial ship ment, proved that meat could be profitably forwarded to England. This was done — the ground was broken and ready for the seed, but it seems no seed can be spared. Mr. Dangar expresses himself as ashamed, but he says, truthfully enough, ' One man may write and talk as much as he likes ; alone, though, he cannot do much ; but if all interested, either directly or indirectly, would combine, a great' deal could be done; but combine, apparently, they will not, nor even give ordinary attention to the matter.' He might go further than this, and aver that many pur posely hold aloof. The advisableness of forming a com pany was directly placed before the stockowners many months ago, when a firm in this city sent out circulars requesting an expression of opinion on the subject. I believe not one per cent, of those addressed took even the trouble of scribbling a reply. Those who will placetheir hands in their pockets may, but themajority will stand aloof, although the purposed work is for the benefit of all. Wealthy Australia ! ! ! A country where stockmen (who own thirty millions sheep and three millions cattle) cannot, or will not, raise capital sufficient to float a meat export company. What old question is applicable to the case ? 'Oh ! faithful memory ! — ' What will be said in England r ' How those votaries of Art love each other ! In her interests a few gentleman have in this city of late been working like— well, the niggers . of whom we have heard so much. By their activity they procured from the Government the Art Galleries which were erected for the International Exhibition, and, what is more, lost no time in occupying those new premises. No citizens whom I know better deserve a pat on the back, but what do they receive? Something like a box on the ear, not from a M'Elhone or some other rough customer, but from an artist, one of the pro fession, who accuses them of stupidity in having 'incarnadined' the whole affair by using scarlet hangings. That the scarlet would be a mistake if intended to remain permanently I will acknowledge, but T know it was a mere temporary arrangement, and one which the lover and follower of art might well have assisted to correct by a note to the secretary of the committee. There was no pressing necessity for a reproof in print. Hitherto I thought that male bovines and turkeys were the only ones affected to rashness when scarlet was flaunted. The noble Sorata, I fear, is doomed to never more span oceans. The pumping appliances, complete and extensive though they are, seem to have as much effect as the broom of the old lady who once tried to keep the tide from flowing. As my friend the artist depicts it, 'a stitch i-the side,' simple though it is, is the cause of her ruin. Like Mercntio's wound, though not so deep as a well nor 60 wide as a church door, it seems to keep a fine ship as a useless log in the breakers. There is no lack of sympathy in this case, and the cheapest of all commodities 'advice,' is being tendered liberally. The most sensible sugges tion, and the one which may influence the future welfare of the Orient Company, is that navigators who are well acquainted -with the coast of Australia should be permanently employed on all ocean steam vessels in the Australian trade as pilots. I would go a step further, and make such men captains. I remem ber some time ago an effort was made in London to ob tain one of the Orient ships for an Australian captain, a worthy fellow, one who had afforded proof of his knowledge during a course of many years along the Australian coast ; but he had, to use a common ex pression — 'Not a ghost of a chance ' with the direc tors, ana some gentleman wno naa one di tnat ooay as a strong friend received the appointment. Experience, however, teaches — even directors. The loss is great, but the wreck was far from being disastrous ; indeed, in some respects, it had ludricrous features. The conduct of some of the passengers was, consider ing the gravity of their position, rather extraordinary. The ladies were, undoubtedly, cool, calm, and col lected. According to a contemporary, one was most solicitous about her favourite bonnet, another devoted all her energies to the safe conduct of her poodle, and a little lady positively refused to leave the wreck without her doll. I do not believe that the stewards busied themselves in collecting- the wine accounts, but the story which relates how one passenger saved all his luggage— 'a corkscrew' — is correct in every particular. Poor Ned Trickett little knew the ways of modern reporting, or he would not have found it necessary to explain that the sensational accounts of his doings in South Australia did not spring from his own words. When a paragraph is wanted, a very small dry frame is sufficient whereon to hang dozens of sentences. I remember, not long since, one .of Sydney's smartest journalists was being driven into town from an inquest. In his course along the street he found the way blocked by a small crowd, and in the centre of this was a 'bus. Hurriedly he shouted as his cab rattled along, ' What's up?' 'Axle,' was the reply. That was sufficient, and in less than half an hour out came a paragraph, which set forth what a narrow escape the passengers of a 'bus on a certain route had by the breakage of an axle, how some had tumbled from the roof, and others had almost fainted inside. The account was strictly accurate, save that there were no passengers in the 'bus, and that it was a superannuated one which had long been taken off the line, being at the time of the disaster on its way to the wheelwright's. It would be interesting to learn on what principle the vague title of ' Esquire' is affixed to some of the nameB which usually appear in that sober publica tion the Government Gazette. What constitutes an 'Esquire' according to New South Wales officii lion ? 