AMERICAN NEWS. SST We compile the follovring from late American jour nals:— A Corpse's Freak. The ' Little Rock Gazette' says :—Several days ago Mr. J. M'Cloud, of Faulkner county, died of rheumatism of the sto mach. A large party volunteered to sit up with the corpse, and when night came many sad faces of many sad women and men were Been, sallowed by the mellow ing light of tallow candleB. The minister came, and entering the room, remarked : " Earth to earth and ashes to ashes." The corpse lay on the table covered with a sheet. " He has gone over the road, we muBt all travel," said the minister. A night-bird with a mournful cry answered. A daughter of the deceased came in with an apronful of tea- cakes, which, with a slow shuffle, she distributed around the room. " We should prepare to follow him," said the minister, expletively blow ing cake crumbs toward the corpse as though he wished his words to waft away with winning sweetness. The night-bird again cried out and the company sat si lently chewing cake. " I thought I saw the sheet move," said one of the watchers. " See if there is a cat under it." The company sat still. " I am confident that the sheet moved," said the man. The minister arose and lifted the sheet, and, standing, he looked at the pallid face of the dead man. The corpse's head left the table. The minister fell back. Stiff, stark and terrible, the corpse slowly arose from the table and attained a sitting pos ture. The legs remained stretched out and the arms remained folded. The women shrieked and ran from the room, and the minister, reprimanding them for their weakness and want of confidence, climbed a fence and stood in a turnip patch. When the frightened people saw that the corpse did not intend to follow they went back into the house. The corpse Btill retained the upright, rigid posture, stiff aa the attitude struck by an j amateur on the stage. With fears somewhat allayed the min- ; ister advanced, and placing a hand on the dead man's breast pressed him backward. Proportionately as his head went down his heels came up, and when his head touched the board his heels were high in ! air. The causa of the dead man's freak 1 was then discovered. The muscles of the stomach, distorted by rheumatism, were contracting. It required the efforts of two men to straighten the corpse. A gen tleman who was present declares he never ' spent such a fearful night, and, with Cla rence, adds ; " I would not pass another such night though 'twere to buy a world of happy days, so full of dismal terror was the time." A Wedding Under Peculiar Circum stances.—A marriage under circumstances that were, to say the least, rather pecu liar, was solemnised near Mooresville, North Carolina, last week. The bride was Mrs. Julia Davidson, the widow of Julian Davidson, a man who was lynched near that place on the 17th of March, 1879, for the murder of a merchant by the name of Fowler. Joseph Gillispie, an accomplice of the bride's first husband j in that crime, was hanged at Taylors ville last January. The groom is a cousin j of the man who died that ignominious death and a namesake, his cognomen be ing Joseph Gillispie. The ceremony took place in the open air and was solemnised by a prominent minister of the Presby terian Church. The wildness of the scene was heightened by the weird-like lights produced by pine torches held by the six; attendants of the bridal party. Several hundred persons witnessed the ceremony. The minister omitted to observe the time honoured custom in this section of claim ing the first kiss from the blushing though mature bride. Just as the words were pronounced by the clergyman which made the twain one, a number of boys who were perched on top of a neighbouring house began to sing in a loud voice which reached the ears of all the marriage party, "Old Jule was hanged on a sour apple tree." There is such a thing as being too kind to convicts, and this species of kindness is bringing forth its legitimate fruit in Tal lahassee. The ' Florid ian' says :—" The prisoners in our county gaol seem to en joy life about as well as anybody else. The fact is they are well fed and well cared for, and the majority of them are far better conditioned than when in the full enjoyment of liberty and dependent on their own exertions for bread and meat. There are some—not a few—in our midst, for whom such a gaol as the one in ques tion has attractions paramount to any of its objections, and who will frequently commit some petty offence in order to se cure within its walls lodging and free board at the county's expense, this be ing the easiest way presented to them of securing a living; and, with plenty to eat j and nothing to do, their hearts ask for I no more, and their place of punishment is I transformed into (for them) an Aaiden, j an Arcadia, a perfect Lotus land of eat, sleep, idleness, and ease. Every day the sounds of their merriment and revelry float out through theironbars, and jokes, sougs, i and laughter fall upon the ear of the passer ; by. "Very few, if any, of them feel any consciousness of shame or degradation arising from the nature of the offences of which they may have been guilty, or from the fact of their incarceration for the commission of such offences, so it has for them no more moral than physical terrors. From this fact, in our opinion, the abolish ment of that very wholesome and much dreaded institution, the'chain-gang,' was a great mistake, for it presented terrors to the mind of the indolent culprit that no gaol can possess. It meant public de gradation daily, but, worst of all, it meant work—the watchword of horror to nine tenths of our petty culprits. Put them to work on the streets again, where their labour is now much needed ; make them earn the grub they eat, and they will not have the present inducements to commit crime, and doubtless the number of minor offences would be greatly lessened thereby." Says the Swainsboro ' Herald':—" We learn that a very severe tornado passed over Mr. Daniel Stroud's place last Mon day, doing considerable damage. We have not been able to ascertain the exact amount of his loss. The real extent of the storm was not known when the lines above were penned, and we have since learned that many others suffered very se verely. Mr. W. Moxley informed us on Saturday that his property was greatly damaged. The main volume of the wind passed in a few rods of his dwelling, blow ing down his barns and stables and scat tering his corn and fodder along the track of the wind for two miles. He also told us that his fences were entirely demolished and many of the rails blown away and cannot be found, while others were driven with such force against standing timber that they were broken in two like straws, and others driven so deep into the ground that one man could not pull them out. Enormous sticks of timber were dropped about the plantation that were brought from a distance unknown. It is strange to say his stables were blown down to the ground, and not one of the horses hurt. He had three log buildings standing near each other, which were of the same size, and the timbers of the three were so mixed that the logs belonging to the dif ferent houses could not be identified. It was without doubt the severest wind that ever passed through Emanuel county." A Boston swindler advertised for "a lady or gentleman to address circulars, evenings at home," and to the thousands of persons who responded by mail he sent letters saying be would pay seven dollars a thousand for addressing envelopes. He added : " There are many who answer advertisements for mere curiosity ; to pro tect ourselves against such a bore, we are obliged to insist upon a deposit of §1, which you can claim after the delivery of the first thousand circulars." The pay of fered was so liberal that the dollars poured into his post office box at the rate of two hundred a day ; but he got none of them, for the Postmaster refused to de liver them. The Conyers ' Weekly' reports that quite a curious wild animal was captured on South River the other day. The fore part of its body, together with its bead, was the exact likeness of the common coon, while the portion including the tail was the exact likeness of the 'possum, the tail being perfectly black. The following ghost story is told by the * Oglethorpe ' Echo' :—" For years the old Dunn place, near the Morgan mine, has been said to be haunted, and un earthly objects, robed in white, were seen flitting around the premises at night. Many attempts were made to unravel the mystery, but so soon as you started to wards the spectres they vanished into no thing. Many persons had seen them, and firmly believed themselves face to face with unearthly visitants. It was then left, however, for Mr. Cauble, to solve the mystery. A few nights since the spectre appeared to him, but each time he approached it vanished, to reap pear when he assumed a certain position. Mr. C. then brought science to his aid, and discovered that the ghost was nothing but the shadow of himself, which was brought out in ghastly proportions by the peculiar arrangement of the lights in the honse. Of course when the object re flected moved from the effect of the rays the white clad spectre vanished. And thus had a harmless piece of glass for years given his house a haunted reputa tion." There was, perhaps, some justice in the unfilial speech of the Circassian robber chieftain who was hanged at Tiflis in February. Having permission to speak, he bowed and said :—" Respected pub lic ! I am, as you doubtless are aware, about to be hanged. That I have been a murderer, however, is not my fault, but that of my parents. I passed a good ex amination at the Tiflis Gymnasium ; but even in those youthful days I was already animated by predatory instincts, which my parents had omitted to subdue in ma. My death be upon their heads ! Person ally, I don't regret life. Fare you well, one and all !" Instead of weeping over the sins of his parents, as would have become his situation and his sentiments, he coolly rolled a cigarette, smoked half of it in perfect composure, and ordered the hangman to " adjust the noose," with the voice and manner of an absolute mon | arch addressing a slave. | The Lexington ' Echo' is responsible for this :—" A dusky dame came to a Lex ington lawyer the other day to gat hiin to engineer a divorce case for her. 4 On what grounds do you apply for a di vorce V asked the man of law. 4 Why, I wants ter marry annuder man—dat's de grounds !' He didn't take the case." Columbus 4 Times':—44 If our esteemed contemporary, the talented editor of the Hamilton 'Journal,' will pardon the tres pass, we will give what was told as a fact by a responsible gentleman yesterday. On his way to the city he saw a mocassin near a little branch, and as he made an attempt to kill it the snake opened its mouth and seventeen smaller snakes ran down its throat. He killed the entire batch of them." Discovery is not creation. Whatever is true is so independently of its percep tion by the mind. There can be no new genesis of truth except in its birth into human knowledge. The stars are in the skies in the daytime, when we cannot see them, just as they are when the night reveals them. The spheres of the real and the known are not identical. The first is complete and all- bracing, while the latter varies with each individual man. Even the sum of what all men taken together know falls far short of the perfect truth, since no aggregation of the finite can equal the infinite. Out | side of the continually widening circle of the actually known stretches the vast domain of possible knowledge, into which the spirit of enquiry again and again ven tures, sometimes to be beaten back, but once in a while making conquests of new territory and extending the area of ascertained facts and laws. —' Philadel phia Record.' Fish freezing is the last development of Anglo-Indian industry. The fish, oysters, and prawn obtained both at Bom bay and Calcutta are famous all over India, but the enormous distances these frail comestibles have to travel prevent Anglo-Indians in the interior of the country from enjoying them. The novel industry now inaugurated at Bombay will, however, meet the difficulty. Oys ters and sea fish, if frozen up in solid blocks of ice can be kept perfectly fresh for several days while the ice itself re mains untainted and as serviceable as ever for cooling driuks. The fish are suspended in wire nets in the freezing water, while the oysters, stripped of their shells, are first stored with their juice in airtight tins, and are then frozen in the blocks the same way as the fish. One of these huge slabs of crystal/ice filled with a collection of many sorts of fish is about as pretty and as cool a sight as could be wished for. Within the past eight years 597 convicts have escaped from the Mississipi State prison. ^ Died Laughing.—Thomas Connelly, a barber, thirty-eight years old, of No. 52 Roosevelt-street, went home a few days ago from the Charity Hospital on Black well's Island, where he had been con fined with a broken leg, which had to be amputated above the knee. He left against the wishes of the doctors, who desired him to remain until he was well. In honor of his return a private enter tainment was given in his apartment, only a few intimate friends being invited. At 7 o'clock sharp on Wednesday evening the performance began. Songs were sung aud toasts drunk. The invalid's stepson then volunteered to dance a jig. The performance pleased Connelly, who burst out a laughing. Then suddenly, with out a moment's warning, the deceased fell off his chair and expired, bleeding from his mouth. An autopsy showed that Connelly came to his death by rup turing the aneurism of the aorta.—' N. Y. Herald.' X Two gushing Boston girls were walking one day in the suburbs of the Hub, when they 6tumbled over a little old-fashioned mile stone, forgotten in the march of im provement. One of them stopped, and, parting the grass, discovered the half-ef faced inscription, " I. m. from Boston," upon which she exclaimed, ecstatically : " Here is a grave, perhaps of some young girl, who wished it written on her tomb stone, ' I'm from Boston.' How touch ing 1 so simple, and so sufficient The windows of the Cincinnati Cham ber of Commerce building overlook the yard of the First Presbyterian Church. The church officers demanded, and un til lately received, $800 a year for the privilege of taking light. The Cham ber voted not to pay any more, and now a light board fence covers the windows. The Strange Story of a Diamond Ring. —A somewhat singular instance of good luck has recently occurred to the Rev. Thomas Guard, who is now on his way to Baltimore to fill his old charge at the Mount Vernon M. E. Church. It ap pears that in June, 1875, when Mr. Guard, with his wife aud child, were tra velling over the Philadelphia and Erie road, en route to Hamilton, Canada, the little girl, while throwing a bit of orange peel out of the window, accidentally let a 300 dollar diamond ring slip with it, which her mother had placed upon her finger but a few minutes before. Every/ effort was made to obtain the valuable gem by the officers on the road, but, withpfit success, and the search for it thad^lbng ago been abandoned, when a few days since it was offered for sale by a trackman in Philadelphia, who stated upon being questioned that he had found it by the side of the track, about three hundred feet WeBt of Charles Stewart's farm, above Susquehannah, Pa., where it had lain among the cinders for five years. 4 Baltimore Gazette.' Says the Thomaeville 4 Southern Enter prise' :—" It is going the rounds of the papers that one J. C. Forster, Postmas ter at Thomasville, Ga., has been arrested and taken to Rome. Thomasville has no such Postmaster, and our worthy friend Deckle, who fills the office here so well, will be the last one of such officials to be taken up for any sort of crookedness. The papers may have the name of the P.M. right, but they must hunt some other location for him." 