The Wiseman's Perry Ghost, j Not a great many year* ago, there were few travellers on the Great Northern lto.id who were not familiar with the Wiseman's Ferry Hotel. The acquaintance, however, was not on account of the surpassing beauty of its situation, for the grand and picturesque scenery of that portion of the justly celebrated Hawkesbury little concerned the stockman or drover, who. wearied with his day's journey, and having completed another stage, thought only of obtaining suffi cient accommodation for his stock for the night, together with some refreshment and well-earned rest for himself. Tbe house, to tell the truth, had a bad reputation. Mine host the lessee was certainly never born to command. And it is probable that, were there never another, Mark Tapley himself would not envy the possession of mine hostess the manager. It needed a strong-minded woman to manage 14 children, a husband, 18 cows, and 35 pips ; and it needed a strong voice to convince them that neither the bar parlour nor the kitchen was capable of accommodating the whole at the one time. The duties of the hotel were of very minor importance, though it must be confessed that the tired and hungry traveller found little satisiaction in the simple eloquence of Dame Slatter while waiting for hours to satisfy the impatient craving nnd grumbling of his ' innards.'' At least, no one was ever heard to say he did, excepting old Cooper, known as (he K ing of Meroota, and even he was influenced by the fact of his having been smitten by the Roman nose of the servant-girl, which he swore far surpassed in size and symmetry that of the Duke of Wellington, and which 'from a' nosological point of view (for he had a profound belief in that science) stamped the owner as an angel. He found it necessary to keep in with the 'old 'un,' as he termed her. while paying his devoirs to the young lady. Alas ! from the result of a cold caught while watch ing' for a sight of hie lady-love, poor Cooper at the age of 88 shuffled off this mortal ceil, at one blow cutting off his vision of an earthly paradise and depriving our hostess of an humble thougli isolated admirer. The house itself was a commodious one, but had the credit of being haunted. It was the largest on the Hawkesbury River, and but for its neglected appearance might have looked inviting enough. Standing on the side of the hill in a rather exposed situa tion, its imperfections were plainly visible. An air of neglect hung upon and about it — the outbuildings roofless and crumbling to pieces, the surrounding wall with a breach every few yards ; the more fortunate windows had blinds, the majoritv had none. A wide balcony ran the whole length of the front portion of the house, but the roof was rapidly vanishing. An attempt had apparently been made to whitewash it, but had met with some abrupt interrup tion and been discontinued. Even the stone kangaroo and emu that guarded the entrance to the hotel did not escape the general neglect, for the one surveyed the scene minus a leg and tail ; the other, by the loss of his head, was spared the humiliation. Within a stone's throw, what had once been a pretty little stone church, surmounted by a neat tower, was now a mass of ruins, the bare walls standing, under neath which might be seen during rainy weather two iron coffins floating about in the vault. Surrounded by lofty mountains, Wiseman's Ferry Hotel, in its isolated and once dilapidated state, certainly offered special attractions to ghosts and hobgoblins. It was during this period of neglect and dilapidation that one afternoon in April, after a long row of 20 miles, 1 landed at Wiseman's Ferry, with the intention of putting up for the night. Taking a boat by train to Windsor, supplied with tent, gun, fishing-lines, and camping utensils, the dust and din of' city life are soon forgotten amid the charming .scenery and surroundings of the Hawkesbury River. The present was my first trip, and I was alone. Of the picturesque and varied sceneiy, the snug little farms and their golden crops of corn, or the kind, hospitable farmers themselves, I might dilate upon in the most glowing terms; but such is not my intention. I would relate an inci dent which, though it may now cause some amusement to my readers as well as myself, I can assure them gave me at the time such a shock as I should not care to be repeated. A slight adven ture at a fancy dress ball, when an infuriated husband and adept of the noble art, with oaths diabolical, bid me prepare for instant demolition, for the vagaries of a similar Mepliistopheles, was a trifle to it. Arriving at Wiseman's Ferry I first paid my respects to Mrs. Slatter, the landlady, whom I was able to identify without assistance by the able manner in which she kept the vital part of the establishment in a constant state of commotion. I had tea ; and of it I would not mention more than that the 6ugar-basin did duty as necropolis for the mosquitos of the district, and that the young cock roachcs, when indulging in hide-and-seek, chose as a play ground the loaves of bread. After tea I spent the evening in the drawing-room, a long, comfortless apartment up stairs, well studded with broken windows. This room was reserved for visitors, and I, being the only one, had it to myself. Ingoldsby for some time occu pied mv attention, till at last as the hours flew by I com menced to doze, waking up every few minutes from visions of Gengulphus, St. Dunstan, and the Jackdaw of Rheims. What portion of the house was it that was haunted 'i Healing a noise, I turned hurriedly round as if expecting an answer. It was only the rustling of a window-blind. My watch never ticked so loud before. The devil take it, who ever heard a watch make such a noise ? 1 looked at it— j ust a quarter to 12. I seized the candle and went downstairs. The whole place was in darkness. ' Is there any one in ?' I called. No answer. I repeated it again and again, but received no reply. They had gone to bed and forgotten me. To search for a room was my only course. There were several, each containing a bed ; but in none was there such a thing as a blanket, a light linen cover being thrown over each bed — a most successful deception. The wind was increasing, and the air getting colder. Gathering the covers together, and with the addition of a hearthrug, I made my way to a small room upstairs at the end of the balcony. From the window I could occasionally see the river. As the clouds scud past the moon, the night looked wild, and the surrounding mountains most gloomy. Dismal thoughts beget thoughts more dismal still; and, while speculating upon the probabilities and possibilities of spiritland, a puff of wind put out the .candle. Without much ceremony, I hurried to bed. Though tired and weary, I did not feel sleepy. For a long time I watched the shadow of the clouds on the window-blinds, con juring up the most fantastic shapes and characters. Then for some time I debated in my mind the reasonable ness of there being some grounds for the many rumours of ghosts. How did these tales originate? Was not this house supposed to be haunted ? Then it occurred to me that the very room I occupied was the place for which these ill-favoured visitors were said to show most preference. While occupied with these reflections, I rolled over on my side, and, with a start, my eyes reEted upon a pair of leg's balanced in mid air and leaning against the walL There they were as plain as possible, and as I fixed my eyes upon them I felt certain that they moved. A ghost was bad enough; but to be haunted by a pair of legs, incapable of reasoning or being reasoned with, was too horrible. Notwithstanding, I determined to address them. ' Dismembered spirit,' I exclaimed, ' whether thou art the latter end of some good creature, or the better half of a misguided miscreant, punished for thy sins and cut asunder in the middle of life, I pray thee depart — leave me. In the words of the immortal bard, 'Stand not upon the order of thy going, but go at once.' ' I trembled for an answer. A slight gust blew through the room. The legs moved, and then I saw that they were the shadow of my trousers hanging at the foot of the bedstead. Laughing at my folly, I rolled over and fell asleep. How long I slept I cannot tell; but it could not have been more than a couple of hours when I was awakened by an unnatural groan that baffles description ; and yet it could hardly be called a groan, its tone was so weird, strange, and unmusical. Its sound, still ringing in my ears, left little doubt that it was a reality and not the effects of a horrid nightmare. My readers may be familiar with the circumstance that at times, while dream ing, we ask ourselves — especially when undergoing suffering or some terrible ordeal, the effect of a heavy supper — whether it is indeed ft dream or stern reality. Aud how often, in the ordinary events of life, do wp suiice credit our j senses, and believe* that — . dream ? I thought, une iook rounu me room answered the question. The moon was now low in the heavens, and threw its beams j ust across the foot of the bedstead. There were tbe tro users, but their shadow troubled me no more it had vanished. I could see the reflection of the river rippling and waving on the blind, and I could hear the wind whistling through the broken window- panes. There was no doubt as to mv being awake ; but how to account for the noise that had disturbed me, I knew not. It might have been the wind, or perhaps one of the feathered tribe that break the silence of the night with their dismal cries, or nerhnu* after aU, it might have been my own imagination. Far from satisfied, I turned towards the door, and, with a start that almost threw me out of bed, 1 perceived it to be wide ©pen. I should here, perhaps, explarn that the doors of this inhospitable house were not supphed with locks or latche* other than a couple of nails and a piece of string. Thev were credited with a strong reluctance to remain shut all niffht No matter how securely fastened, whether with Chubb*' or anv other patent lock, they were sure to be found open on' the following morning. On entering tho room I had closed the door, and tied the string from nail to nail in such a manner that it would require some force to open the door from the outside and break the string. iSot withstanding, there it was wide open. Collecting my scattered thoughts, I scarce knew what to think or do, while a peculiar shuffling towards the end of the bed made it apparent that the room had other occupants than myself. I asked ' Who's there ?' andforananswerreceivedarepeti tion of that fearful groan which first disturbed me. Straining my eyes, I looked round the room, but could distinguish nothing. I turned my eyes towards the window, with the same result, when a slight movement at the end of the bed attracted my atten tion.' I looked, and bv the light of the moon there saw first a pair of white pointed ears, then two savage glaring eyes, then a peculiar peaked nose, a mouth out of wnich two tusks protruded, and lastly what appeared to be two hands resting on the bedstead. With my head raised on the pillow 1 laid face to face with this mysterious creature. Though it was but for a few seconds it seemed a lifetime. The perspiration teemed in streams from my fore head. I tried to shout, but could not ; my very limbs seemed powerless while under tho influence of those eyes. As suddenly as it appeared it seemed to vanish, and with it the oppression as of a weight of chains left me. How I hoped and prayed that I might be spared another visit from that hideous dwarf ! The slightest 6ound I noted, scarce daring to move or breathe for fear 1 should miss the least noise. Wishing for daylight to come, how slowly the night crept on. Naturally no more timid than most young fellows, I felt humiliated at my fear and teiTor, though I was convinced from what I had seen that my visitor belonged not to this world. My conversion was complete. The dawn had scarce tinted the horizon when I rose exhausted and unrefreshed. Hastily dressing mvself I gave a glance round the room, but it was empty. Leaving, I was about to pass the door, when almost from beneath me out of the floor again rose that terrible groan. Clasping mv to my head I was about to rush franti cally out of the room when I stumbled over— a pig J It is, perhaps, hardly necessary to add that since the above incident a great reform has taken place ; there have been frequent changes of management, and the house ha# now resumed tho cheerful appearance of its early days. Hi tensive repairs have effected a complete transformation. Restraint is placed upon the roving proclivities of tho domestic animals. And it may be safely said that there are few places near Sydney that for comfort, attention, and. beauty of situation can now surpass the Wiseman's Ferry Hotel. N' 