IT ia now pretty certain that, In eplte of the complications and threats of variona kind* which arite almost daily in reference to the subject, there will be no.fighting over the cession of Di'.cigno to the Montenegriat. With much relactance the Saltan haa consented to fulfil his engagement in that regard, aa required by the terms ot the treaty of Berlin; and this main point fixed, the rest must follow in due order. Nor, to eay troth, ia the concesiion of any very great importance to the Turks, nor a loss of the smallest value to their trade and commerce. Dalcigno is an utterly insignificant seaport on the Adriatic, si looted on a rocky psninsnla of the Albanian eea coast, and, like its neighbor Ragosa, haa two harbors, an outer and an inner, and even some rndimentaiy docks. A tolerably brisk trade was formerly done in the port, and so late aa twenty years ago the merchant vessels numbered one hundred and ninety. There are ancient legends connected with the place, as there are with every town and fishing village on the shores of the Mediterranean and its outspreading minor seas. Its origin is extremely ancient, going back to the mythical times of ABGOS and the Homeric heroes. After the division of the Roman empire 1400 yean ago, the place fell to' the Byzantine emperors; bat its possession was disputed by the Servians, Hungarians, and Venetians. The firstnamed people had it in their bands from the year 1180 to the year 1408. It was then snatched from them in fierce sea fight by the Venetians, who held it till 1571. Atthat time the Turks were in the very Stub of their triumphs over the "infidels of the West,"and they laid siege to Dalcigno in doe onrse. The commander of the town—a gallant Venetian of the Othello stamp—had both French and Italian mercenaries in his garrison, bat he looked in vain for relief from bis own people, and he was at length obliged to make an honorable surrender. As Boon aa the capitulation had been signed, the Tprkish troops poured into the town,carrying fire and slaughter whereever they went, acd putting every man, woman, and child they met to the edge of the sword. Only a handful of the inhabitants were able to effect their escape to the hills, and the Albanians began to bnild themselves a city on the ruins of the burned town. In 1696 a desperate attempt was made by a gallant Venetian admiral, GEBOHIHO DELFINO, to regain possession of the place for the Republic, bat he was nnsaccessfal. A second similar attempt was made in 1718, bat still unsuccessfully. So Dalcigeo remained in the possession of the Albanians till 1878, when a most determined attempt to storm the fortress was made by a body of 600 Montenegrins. They fought with the utmost valor, but failed to compass their object. Doubtless the recollection of that fierce fight lingers in the remembrance of the Montenegrins tQl this day. Hence arise those threats of a resolution to retain the place at all hazard, which, we learn from recent telegrams, the Albanians are londly proclaiming. In the meantime, however, the place has been for centuries the resort of corsairs of the type that BYBON sang about so romantically. Its sailors held aa bad a reputation as even the Algerines or the Riff pirates bore. When the Anstrians farmed their navy, aboat sixty years since, one of their first expeditions was againBt the corsairs of Dalcigno. In course of time the lawless practices carried oh there were put down, and it became possible for peaceable merchantmen to cail securely along the Albanian coasts of the Adriatic. Yet it is to be carefully noted, the piratical disposition of the Daicignians was rather encouraged than repressed by the Turks. They counted on a good supply of sailors for their navy from amongst those desperate and reckless rovers of the aea. These facts will help to explain the difficulties and complications attendant on the cession of Dalcigno; which, nevertheless, may, in spite of the threatening aspect of the latest advices, be looked upon as already accomplished. WHICH is telling the truth jast now—the Conservatives or their opponents? This question naturally arise* in the mind when pondering over what we have to read so much about of late in the Conservative papers, namely, that the BEBB? Government has done little -else, during the last three yean or ao, than nearly rain the country with additional taxation. When •one -finds this charge made day after day by one class of joarnals, one naturally turns to " HATTER," to see if it is true, because there is an authority which tells the public exactly bow this question of taxation really stands, and in that book there is not the ghost of a chance of being misled by any deception. •Well, if we torn to " HAYTEE" to see whether taxation has increased to such an extraordinary extent as the Conservative papers allege, do We find that anything of the sort has occurred ? Certainly we do not $ hut quite the opposite found to be established. The true test of the taxation of this colony is supplied by tin Customs duties; far these alone are paid by the whole of the community. The land tax, ports and harbors, business licenses, Mint charges, Irad sales, land rents, railways, postal and telegraph revenue—these sources of revenue fall very exceptionally, or have no connection with the subject of taxation whatsoever. . The Customs duties are the true index of how the people are taxed all round—the only guide that can he takaa to get at the bottom of the subject. Let us tee then what HAYTEE" has to say on this point, in order to aniwer die question with wbieh these remarks have been started. In 1873 4, the Customs yielded £1,761,099; in 1874- 5, £1,-628,235 { in 1875-«, £1,657,788; In 1876-7, £lvS3^832-; and an 1877-8, .£1,487,488. "HATTEE" ins pub poffiing later than theee figvea; therefore, we most go to the ordinary tatistics to see wbat the Cdstnu yielded a 1878-9, aad are find the snout to be 1,877,781. Now what dk> <we tod by hese figures? The answer is, not only that he taxi£ton paid now Is not greater than it as Id any former yew, bat tint it is, Ineed, very g£acb lower than it wss daring in tartdx yw*, wttch ire hm taken i o a onr purpose. There haa been a steady decline, In point of tact, since 1873-4 in the burdens of the people; and this decline is ao marked, that the falling off between 1873-4 and 1878-9 amounts to no less a sum than £384,318 per annum. But not to leave a loophole for escape, we will add the £116,000 which the Government asks for additionally this year, and then we find that the whole community is asked to pay daring this year, £266,318 less than it paid in 1873-4, although, in the meantime, the number of the people has increased by about 100,000. "HAYTEE," then, and the statistics show what ? The answer is, that there has been a marked decline in the amount of taxation winch the public has paid of late yean, instead of an increase ; so that when the Conservative papers allege that the burdens on the people are being increased, the Conservative papere talk unadulterated rubbish. Thegroea revenuehas certainly gone op greatly in the meantime; but this has been bec&nee; there has been a land-tax imposed, and because the railways, the post and telegraph offices, and the land sales have largely expanded. The increase has not been caused by additional taxation failing on the people, because the taxation in this respect has been less. It is wholly due to a mere class tax oi the one hand, and to a large increase in the receipts from the commercial undertakings, BO to speak, of the Government, on the other; and there is no possibility of getting away from either of these facta, or from the figures which accompany this statement. The moral Of the whole thing, then, is that thb assertion of the Conservative papers, that the people ate being additionally barthened with taxation, is not true. On the contrary, it is falsehood of the most complete kind; and on this point all the evidence, as given above, is clear, precise, and conclusive. IF what the Pall Mall Budget has to say on the subject be true, it is no wonder there ia discontent in Ireland. Nor is it any wonder that the tenantry of that always disturbed portion of the British dominions, refute to comply with the. principles of law and order in their fnlieBt meaning. No provocation can, of coarse, excuse the murderous outrages which are cofemitted in that country; and those outrages are absurd as well as bloodthirsty, because they really retard the work which the GLADSTONE Ministry is trying, to cany out, for improving the condition oi the Irish people. The rejection of the Irish Tea&nta; Compensation Bill by the House of Lords was a very stupid act on the part of that Chamber, and one which will yet recoil upon the class for whose benefit it was committed. Bat it was no more stupid than the threats and outrages which the Irish people have indulged in since, because those threats and outrages have compelled the Government to take op a very strong position Against such occurrences; and this retards the ameliorating work which the Government has in hand, instead of facilitating ite labors. The question of equitably regulating the arrangements between landlord and tenant in Iceland will be lost sight of while the leading spirits of the Land League are being prosecuted, and order is being restored at the point of the bayonet; and the Irish people will be the greatest sufferers by the disappearance of the far more pacific and useful design, even though this disappearance proves only a temporary occurrence. Bat outside of these unhappy developments, it is no wonder, as we have said, that there ia discontent in Ireland, if the Pall Mall Budget can be believed; for the exactions of some of the landlords of that country could evolve no other feeling. " A man, for instance," aays that papa-, " told the league, on Tuesday, that is all the leases on a certain estate there was a penal covenant of £500 «4«ming compensation ; and it ia not denied that the late Lord LEITBIM gran ted a lease in which a penal rent of £40 was exacted over and above the actual rent of £20 in case of any delay in payment of rent. That is, if the tenant failed in his rent for the year, he became liable, not for the £40, bnt for £120." All this shows such arbitrary conduct on the part of the landlords, such scant consideration for the tenants, and anch indifience to whatever difficulties may beset them — often from no fault of their own—that the tenants would be little else than angelic in their nature if they did not kick against anch treatment. The casea mentioned by the Pall Mall Budget are, of course, not isolated incident*. They have, unhappily, been of very common occurrence in Ireland, for although there are a number of honorable exceptions, there ia no denying the fact that the landlords of Ireland, as a rule, are the greatest despots towards their tenants of any landlords which modern agea have witnessed. And the tenants cannot always get away from the hard, unyielding, and arbitrary conditions of tbeir landlords, because the former have, through their necessities, to stay where they are, for the very great bulk of them cannot go elsewhere to obtain a Jiving. In the face of all the facts, then, to there any wonder that chronic discontent prevails in Ireland? Hardly so, we thiwlr, Blthongh there ia no possibility of defending the extreme conraes to which aome of the tenanta have resorted, to give expression to their feelings, or to punish their landlords for the severity of their conduct. The outrages and inflammatory language mixed hp with the present agitation in Ireland, are very much retarding the work of amelioration which the GLADSTONE Ministry desires to cany out. But althoogh , the means taken to rectify the evil ia bad, the cauie is good; and it hardly needed even the aid of the Pall Mall Budget to make apparent. Certain it is that landlordism is a great corse in Ireland; and it is not unattended with disadvantages elsewhere. AU mankind is equal in the eyes of the Great Creator; and to all mantimd the land waa given for its sustenance, and not for &e; mere benefit of the few. Private landlordism in the land moat, therefore, sooner or later go down; and the speedier it i*,e tamped out the better ft will be for the human nee, to whom ita destruction will be a trnly magnicent boon and advantage. It baa bad a long and impious ran, and baa certainly shown very little mercy to the tenantry while it baa lasted. The game, however, ia nearly played ont; and the hnnum family wDI not enjoy its rightfhl inheritance nntil it is thoroughly exhausted. Meanwhile it ia .no wonder .the Irish tenantry are in a state & chronic discontent, for ereiy reuon exists to justify this feeling. IT is-qnite right of the City Cocmti! toprotect L&ke; Wendouree from any danger being injured by -a hole :beingjgade in ita bottom. Tine Jake ia now a magnificent ftddilOTjtotteattnetiourof Bafiaralfe tad, •pota of which tiiis commimity wf^KNMft! W1 tfcont Wendoaree, BaBaretw^bediOra bf thafineatrecreation aim it fysyjwii. and 90 person conkl, tbBnfoce,-loak upon ts destruction with ^ ,feeling of pleasure. It brings as co end of viiStars Ia the hcdiday season, by which the business people f f the city and town ase largely benefited; for nd ft afford* is abwdaoce of wjoyomt l all the year ronnd to the inhabitants of the town and district, for Ita beauties never fade, and the more one has of it, the better one comes to like it. In addition to all this, it supplies an abundance of fish to numbers of poor aa well as to other persons ; and it also furnishes the owners of the crafts which float on its broad bosom * with a very comfortable livelihood, which will increase in lucrativeaess the more the town progresses. A sheet of water that presents all these advantages must be preserved at all hazards; and, therefore, everything within the bounds of reason is justifiable that tends to save it from injury or destruction. But while holding this view of Lake Wendouree, we quite agree with the action which the Gity Council took last Monday afternoon, in referring back the report of the mining committee for farther consideration; for not any tilingconld be more mistaken than to taboo the whole of this immenee area of auriferous ground from the occupation of the miner. The situation of the lake is each that there must not only be aa abundance of good alluvial ground within its bounds, but a number of qnartz reefa must also underlie the vast area of ground which it covers. The former is proved by the workings of the old Lady of the Lake Company, which tapped very good wash beneath the lake; and the latter is shown by the qnartz discoveries made of late on each side of the Idee, indicating very plainly that the basin overlays an abundance of- auriferous treasure of this nature. This wash and these reefs most be taken oat, not only for the benefit of the town, bat also that the labor amongst as may find steady employment; and there is not an atom of reason why this feat should not be accomplished. The reefs and wash are hundreds of feet below the bottom of the lake; and a great thickness of basaltic rock intervenes between the gold and the water. The reefs and the washdirt can, therefore, be taken out without the least danger of anything happening to the lake, because an abundance of ground would still be left to keep the laka itself from the smallest possible disaster. Bat even if a hole did occur in the bottom of tile lake, through a portion of the bottom giving way, the opening beneath would speedily fill up with water and earth; and the take would then sesame its normal condition, as though nothing of a disturbing character -had happened. But there is no risk of anything of this sort coining to pass, by mining being allowed beneath the lake, because the great thickness of basalt beneath die water and where the gold would be taken from, would prevent anything of this kind from occurring. There is no danger to fear, then, from allowing mining to take place under the lake, especially by leaving a good thickness above; and this being the case everybody will agree with the action which the City Gooncil took on Monday afternoon to vaiy the decision which the aub-committee then tabled against mining being sanctioned in that part of the district. There can be very little doubt that a mine of wealth lies beneath Wendoaree, both in alluvial and qnartz, the more particularly in quartz; and it would never do to leave it there in preference to taking it ont for the benefit of the population by which it is surrounded. The City Conncil was, therefore, quite right laat Monday afternoon in referring the report of ita aub-committee back for reconsideration; and the least that sub-committee can do ia to faring np a report when the next meeting of the conncil takes place, stating that it has meanwhile completely reversed its opinion. The lake can be mined under withoutany risk; and, therefore, let it be mined without hindrance, or without nay vexatious or discooraging conditions. Yesterday being the thirty-ninth unlVBreuy of the Brinoe cf Wales' birthday, w«s generally observed ss a holiday throughout the city and town, all the principal bmsiaase piaoes being closed. The flagsat tie Oil; Hall aod Town Hall wen flyingin honor ef the day, bnt at the Western railway station time was a most disreputable rag at the mast-head. It might have been intended iora Union lack, but bad been apparently either cot ia two, or the half of it bad blown away. At any rate, as a flagit was adiegraoe to the department. The weather was all that oonld be wished by bolidsy-seekers, the warm tan being tempered by a ood easterly breeze whioh continued all d«y. Lake Wendouree and the Botanical Gardens were the chief plaoef of resort, and daring the sftenooa there was a continual stream cf visitors thitherward. Tbe several steamers plying across the lake had fall complements of passengers each trip, and It ia computed that 6000 to 7000 persons were In toe gardens daring the day. The new conservatory ani fernery, near Mr Longley's residence, was thrown open to the public for the first time, and the high enlqgbnns frequently passed upon the curator for his taste and general arrangements ware well merited. A large number of young sjid old of both aems, were in boats and on the banks ot the lake, rod in band, angling fcr peroh, but the wind was rather strong, ud very few -good hauls were made. There ware two or three picnic parties looated on'the outside reserve amongst the tees,indulging is cricket and other outdoor games, and sot a single accident of any kind occurred to mar the general enjoyment. In conaequoooe cf the rejection of the Penny Bavfcgs Hanks Bill by the Legislative OonnoB, the Minister cf Education is now dosing up all the savings banks in the State schools, and having the money relumed to the depositors. As % rale, the children by no means regard the couduot of the Council with favor. A magisterial enquiry into the cause of the death of the unfortunate young fellow, John Bald, wbo was run over by a train at the Wee tern railway station on Monday, was held by Mr Thomson, P.M. at the Oity Police Court yesterday. Denis S Haloney, yard foreman, stated that on Monday evening deceased was sent to ont off seme firewoodtrucks from a train, and that aB the tracks were not taken off aa ba desired, he sent anotht r railway employ^ with further instructions. Ba!ph oslled oat that deceased waa down, and witness, going cp to the plaoe, found deceased lying on the south rail between the fore and aft wheels of the last truck oi the train, apparently quite dead. AsiMtaat-pointcman Ohas. fialph corroborated the evidence at the other witness. Ralph said he oonld see that deceacedVi foot bad oanght in the rail and held him tillUw> truck came up and passed partly over him. The oilier erfdense did not addnoe anything beyond what appeared In onr report of the aodnent yesterday. The magistrate found that "deceased came to his doalb by being accidentally cmsijed by the wheel of a railway tract, which passed over one of his Isgs and his abdomen while he was engaged ia shustwg the said truck." The fattier of the unfortunate young fellow cams to Ealiarat yesterday and took the remains of bis son by the evening tnia to WOlismstown- The eoffin enclosing the mangled remains of deceased was carried bom the police station to the railway station by a number of the railway employdj. who took this way of showing the cespeos they bore to their late comrade. A this, transparent bais, very much like a comet's fail, was visible in the west last sight, from eight to ten o'clock. Tbft highest point of the hare was about tQ decrees above the borlron. No nudeus Was visiblel It was cotioeable that the fbenameuon became very thin as it was traced down to the boriaan, and that, speaking in opnunon pluaseology, it appeared to be 2 Xeet deep at the Ecnllh. So comet Is ] act cow, so that if what appeared last night Was the tale o! a comet the visitor will be astranger. \- The animal show ot the Olunes .AgricuHuralSodety was held yesterday, and Vas a very successful one. There wan 900 exhibits, the number of vidian an the grounds being from 2000 to 8000. A full report appesu elsewhere. An elderly man, named Frank O'JtsDey, was admitted into the Hospital yesterday for the treatment of Injuries to bis left arm, supervening upon some burte he received at fikiptanafew days ago ttrougb falling off a wool-press at a station. Hr Donald Gow, of the Ho 7 Band ot Hope mine, tastwitha nasty accident-yesterday, by whloh the ends of the fingersof one of ids bands wars so badly crushed (liat he was obliged to go the Hospital tar surgical attention- Bis Injuries having bees treated, be returned to the mine. The rowing for the Marian WiSis trophies by the lumbers of the Ballarat City Sowing Olub took place yesterday, and- the ccewa having bean over three weekeln training the events ware looked forward to with same Interest There was a lai^e concourse of spectators to wgnets ths racee,lncludinca cumber of ladles, and the weathrr t>eing beautifully fine, the contests were vary enjoyable. The course Mil Iran oRXwila -<he Btnopli pabaa totbe boatslwlr. ami 111 UMlIT— s iilsflss si si In a till Iff 3 PluKeraU sod Bawliats judges. The first beat mjjiisaid ituasnTs aawa,and was woe fey gpgap by »tirHfls >s^1Mn 8tnla 20 sec. SdM a^Btw*ufe<nws ttsn met, and was won by the armer by two leogtte, is 8 Bin IS Sec, .Ika^as*' Eayiself teem by a coople oi lengths, to 8 min 12 sec, and VSaniitao had all tbe best of bis race with Lewis, the «baa hetng S mh *0 see. In the fly by two lengths, t« aria 90 seo,aad VBasgMcn Mat Yfcrr bands -down, InS min 16 see. The last heat was tetwesn V'NaugUon's and Hogan's crews, and was tbe fastest ef the day. but was won rather easily by tf'Haughton ia 7 min 46 sec,whose crewe thuslwoame the winners of the trophies. Yesterday morning the Ballarat East police made a raid on an old rookeiy situate! in Main street, and arrested fiveof the inmates as vagrants. They were lodged in the Town lock-up, and will be dealt with to-day. AtameatingcttheOrphan Atylum committee last night, Hr Scott moved—" That in view cf the number o! children ia the Asylum having been reduced by twenty-six, the committee consider as to the advisability oi reducing the working staff oi the institution. in order to save expenss." Air Dyte seconded the motion, which was carried. Mayor Lewis and Messrs Budden and Beaton, J.P^ presided at tbe Oity Police Court yesterday. One "drunk* was fined in the usual amount. Vernon Easton (on bail), chargtd with having on the 12th •ultima stolen rma foewool valued at 1b, the property of Bobert Oleghorn, plecded guilty, and wss sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Hr Turpie, J.P., presided st tbe Town oourt and dealt with three inebriates. A very pleasant gathering took place on Monday evening last at the residence ef Hr O. H Edwards, Pleasant street, on the occasion of a presentation by tbe members of tbe United Welsh Church, Armstrong street, to Mrs Sntheriacd (Mr fdwiTds" daughter), who, with her busband. leaves for England by tbe next mail etoamer. The gift consisted of a vsry tasteful emu-egg inkstand, with the fo'ljwing inscription:— 11 To Hire Sutherland, as a token cf esteem from the congregation of the United Welsh Church, Ballarat.*' Abont a dozm leading members of tbe church wens present on the occasion, and the presentation was made by Sir Evins, the senior deacon, in a few appropriate remarks, stating that the gift was a spontaneous offering of respect by tbe congregation, and wished Hr and Mrs Sutherland a pleasant and prosperous journey. The recipient suitably acknowledged tbe land uil unexpeoteS present and add she would always value it very highly In memory ot her many blends In the congregation. The young Jalies who were foremost ia collecting for the testimonial were Misses Jones, Morris, and Humphreys. The Ballarat Anglers' Association having offered* guinea priza to any of its members who could show the largest basket of fi.h caught yesterday, a few enthusiastic fishermenturned out at Lake Wesdouree, but a pretty stiff e&sterly; breen was against big results, and the maj jrfty sooa packed up their rods and lineB. Hr O. Taylor exhibited the largest basket at the association rooms, Whitehouse's hotel, the take weighing about 9 lb, fnduiing two or three f-lb fish We are pleased to learn that the Anglers' Association is making good progress, no less than nine new mem bers having been elected at tha last mseling. The annual services in connection with the Wes leyaa Sabbath school. Smytbesdale, were held on Sunday last, whan Mr J. W. Blarney preached in the meriting and evening, and Hr David Ham. J.P., in the evening, the attendance on each oooasion being very good, particularly when the unpleasant weather is remembered. On the following afternoon the scholars who attend the Bohool were regaled with tea, caie, and buns ed CbCUm. and in the evening tbe adult tea meeting took place, whan a goodly number sat down to the tables, which were presided over by Hesdames Bcz'ey, Goad, and Gerrard, assisted by the Hisses J. and A. Epivey, Heard, Judd, £oden,snd Watson, who dispensed the goad tbiags liberal y provided by the ladies of the congregation. A public meeting was afterwards held id the church, the Bev, W. J. Bennett, superintendent of the circuit, presiding. Unfortunately four gentlemen, who were expected to be present and deliver addresses, were unavoidably absent, but their places were ably filled by the rev. chairman and Messrs J. Hankie and Q. Kid, who delivered addrestes. The school choir also gave some doe selections of sacred music, Hiss A Spivey presiding a', the organ. The collections at the services, Inolsdiog a donation of £1 from Hr Ham, amonnted to £3 las. Yesterday morning the eldest son of our respected follow-cltiz«n, Mr H. Leggo, was j iin;d ia matrimony to the eldest daughter of Mr Eobius, cf Armstrong street, an equally esteemed citizen; and to celebrate the cccuiou the whole of the employes of tbe Wheatsheaf brewery (in which the happy bridegroom is the junior partner), together with their wives and families, were entertained at a pionic fn the Botanio Gardens yesterday afternoon. Altogether, the party numbered about 300 young and old, and all were most hospitably entertained by the head of the establishment, who did bis beet to make those present as happy as possible—and succeeded, too. I he bride and bridegroomprooeeded on their wedding tour by the morning train, en route to the Gtppsland lakes. Tbe annual picnic given by Hr James Long, con feotioner, was held yesterday at his farm, Springe. About 130 persons took part in the day's enjoyment Two exoellent spreads were provided by Hrs Long, and after ample justice had been done to the good things, a vote of thanks was moved by Mr Bcoit, foreman of works, seconded by Mr Hall, and carried, with cheers for Mr and Sirs Long. Hr Long, in reply, said that it always gave him great pleasnre to meet his smpli>5& in social gatherings, as the present. He thought they bad a tendency to create that good fBeting so desirable between employer and employes The mayor of FaUarat East, in making a few remarks, said that he had a pleasing duly to perform, in naming the very beautiful spat they were on " Longwood." He trusted that Mr and Hrs Long and family would live long to enjoy it. Tbe mayor then oiled upon all present to give cheers far Lcngwood. This having been done with great heartiness, a procession was formed by the company, who encircled the house; after which the proceeding* terminated, and the company returned to Ballarat thoroughly satisfied witt their day's ouling. The committee of tbe Ballarat Hechanias' Institute met on Monday evening. Present:—Messrs James (president), J. P. Marshall, Siansfield, Stephens, Kawlinga, Blokett, Thompson, Dowses, Jack, and M'Whae. An apology was received on behall of Hr Laagdon. A letter was read from the auditors, reporting that they had completed the half-yearly audit of the book's, and found everything oorreot and In order. The bouse committee reported that a sample seat for the hall was being made, and would be submitted far inspection at next meeting A complaint was made of the practice indulged in by some members oi bringing dogs into the institute, acd a very glaring case was mentioned where a dog had made a most disgusting nuisance in the smoking- room. The secretary was instructed to write to the member responsible far this, requesting Elm not to repeat the effenoe. Instructions were also given that the rote prohibiting the introduction of dogs be strictly enforced, and any flagrantcases ef its violation be reported to the oommiitee. The house committee was requested to>eport on the best means of improving the ventilation of the reading-room. Tbe following telegram from Bydney appeared in last eight's Herald:—" A young man named Henry Foreman committed suioide on Monday afternoon under romantic circumstances, on the premises of Lady Deas Thompson, at Woolcomooloo. It appears that the deceased had been In the employment of her ladyship f ir some time, aad bad fallen violently in love with her ladyship's maid, a young acd prepossessing girl named Allcre Eager, who, however, did not reciprocate bis aSection and repnlsrd his advances. Latterly the young man had resided at AsbfiBld; bnt on Honday be went to Lady Thompson's and sought an Interview with Alice Eager, which was accorded. Foreman told her that he hal been granted a holiday next day, and asked her to spend the Prince of Wales' Birthday in his company. She declined, and then Foreman got angry and threw iis watch upon a bench In the stable, telling her to give it to Dsn, the gardener, observed that he purposed doing something that she would bear of next day. He then went away, and Alice Eager, becoming alarmed, acquainted the gardener with what had occurred, and sent him alter Foreinan, Before tbe gardener could oome np with the young man a pistol shot was heard; and a search being Instituted, the body of Foreman was found shot through the head, and lying close to the Bourke streel entrance to Lady Thompson's estate." Meetings are oalled in Ihe shire of Eallaret in support of the continuance of Government endowment to the shire funds. The ratepayers of the shite should attend 11 at all possible, as this business is of the greatest fmportanoe to their Immediate interests, Being, in fact, the question whether they shonld have bad roads to cart tbeir produce to market, or tax themselves excessively to keep them in repair; or whether the general revenue should contribute a fair share towards this object ai hitherto. It should have been mentioned In cur report on the visit of the intercolonial bowling team, on Monday, that the visitors were entertained in the forenoon by Mayor Lewis, at the City HalL Petitions (says the Argus) have been taken round Benalla praying for a reprieve of the condemned m»« Edward Kelly. Many persons who signed did so for fear if they refuged of being looked npon as marked —en. The attendance at the Exhibition on Honday was as follows:—Adults and children, 6296; season. US; miscellaneous, 19&2; total, 7376. The crops in the Warrnambool district are not looking so well as they should'do at this season of the year, owing to the long continuance of the cold and thoirery weather. This Is the ease with every description of crcp, more puticularly in beavy and low-lying lands, Tbe man who originally purchased the Melbourne raoeoourae Is now a shearer in Slvsrina. Last night's Benld says that Kelly, the bushranger, yesterday addressed another statement to the Chief Secretary about bis affairs, bnt our contemporary does not give any inkling as to the contents of the document.' A somewhat unusual ooenrrenoe in VIctOlia an attempt to carry onto duel—was frustrated (says the 4raur) on Honday sight by the intervention of the police, who arrested the challenger. It appears that lor some little time past the social relations of Herr Ernest Speyer. the secretary oi the German oommlssisa at the International fcxhtbttton,and Sir Max Birsbh. merchant, of this city, have not been of an amicable nature, and ft having oome to Mr Spsyer's knowledge that bis honor as a gentleman bad been assailed by Mr Hirsob, be sent a tetter to faimdemanding en apology. This was refused, and Mr Hirst h was ft stated, requested to sign a document withdrawing the alleged calumnious aaaertlons. a proposition whloh was also declined. Han Bpeyer then, In the ureal continental nan-i aer, sent a challenge to Mr Hirach by a gentlenam whom he named as Ida asoondT and. awaited the reply. At this stage Mr HutfTwJrthelm appears to have been Mmsnlted by Mr tiiisoh on biff . behalf, and tbe former gentleman took the matter In l?®?® 0 * 0 ?. H" 6^ bJ '"earing an inteaulta before Hr OaJQ P.H., to the effect that Herr JBpeyer bad unlawfully seat a message to Hr Has H&ech;, challenging blm to flghtaduel.Uponthis fnfannaUoo a warrant was iasued,and on Monday eight Hr Speyer was arrested by XMecUvaCallaghan vid IHMTM to TB* titj watch-born*. BrHoUarwiB was In attendance, and at onoe adnutted theaooased tobS fa one surety of £100, andhis own rjw*- nisance of .£200, to appear bMor. tbe city bench on Wednesday morning. A Udy Is eaU to be at the bottom of tbe quarrel. The Chief Secretary (says the Age) has decided that no persons but the offioiale and representatives of the press shall bs present at the execution of Edward Kelly. Several spplicitions have been sect, but all were related. The execution will take place in the Melbourne Gaol on Thursday morning. A gentleman. sctiDg on behall of the wiiow of the late Sergeant Kennedy, waited on the Chief Secretary on Honday, for the purpose cf obtaining permission to see Edward Kelly before his execution, to ascertain the whereabouts of Sergeant Kennedys watch. Mr Eerry, however, thought it inadvisable to (grant the permission, or to permit any strangers to disturb the prisoner in bis last moments. The Dmletjord Adrocatl learns that Madam d-Oursay, the mother of Mrs Gre;r gave up a fashionable boarding sohoal at Clifton, tear Bristol, immediately on learning of the circumstanoss In which her daughter s.ud child were involved, towards the end of September," to bring baok her wretched child, if still alive and tbe offspring ot the ill-starred union." Mrs Greer is described as being " literally' awfully'd jver and unprincipled, and not handsome." The late Mr Greer is mentioned by the Bristol papers as having been a gentlemanly and generons-heartei man. Madame d'Oureay's jwrcy will be the occasion of renewed grief to her, as ebe will findthat her daughter has already left the colosy. It is notified (s'ays the Telegraph) that the Hon James MscBain has accepted the appointment cf local director la Melbourne of the Loudon Ohartered Back of Australia, ia the room of the Hon. Sir James ll'OoIloch, E.O.M.G., who has retired. We (.Age) mentioned some time ago that an impor tant document had been lest in the Registrar-General's office. Tbe vigorous measures adopted by the A ttorney -Genera! bave resulted in tbe recovery cf the recovery of the lost pap'r. By Mr Vale's directions all the docu-neuts in the basement of the building, about a million in number, were removed to the strong room; and in the process cf removal every package of papers was examined, and on the 29tb ultimo the lost deed was found in a parcel numbered 12 685 If the care exercised under the Attorney- General^ directions had been displayed in tbe first Instance, when the loss of the deed was reported, the lost document would have been forthcoming about six months ago. The Sandhurst correspondent of the Telegrap writing on Monday night says:—A case of supposed suicide is reported from Eagiehawk. Tbls morning the . body of an elderly man, named William Stanley, was found in a waterhole in the locality mentioned Three \- or four weeks ago a woman with whom deceased bad cohabited for a long time was found drowned in a dam. Her death seems to have preyed greatly on the old fellow's mind, for a week or two ago be made an unsuccessful attempt to pu; an end to lib life." Some disease, reported to be pleuro-pneumo&ia;, has broken out (says the Argus) amongit some cattle at Bnngsllally. Two deaths bave occurred, and In- spector, Smith his Isolated one of the surviving animals, awaiting inspection by the Inspector oi stock, who has been telegraphed for. It is probatls (says the Geetong Advertiser) tha fresh inB;33tion of the Geelong vioeyuda will be made by the recretary of M. Montmahou, one of the French delegates to the Exhibition. Be is an expert, acd, it appears, does not agree with, the deductions drawn by M. Bchoessler from his late visit to Geelong. The bones of a human being (says tbe Argus) were discovered in a hollow tree on Saturday last, on South Brighton Station, near Horsham, by Inspector Brooke Smith and Mr Potter, manager of South Brighton. They had the appearance of having been there for a considerable time; but suspicions of foul play are aroused by the fact that the hele in ihe trunk of the tree was nailed np with pieces cf wood, and covered over with bark, Dr Steel prenounoes ihe bones to be human remains. The police are busy making enquiries. It is a subject for gratulation, and "not a little flittering to our colonial pride (says ths Telegrap that to-day Alderman William M Arthur takes bis seat as Lord Mayor of London. A Iderman H'Arthnr, whose visit to this city some eighteen months ago will be lemembered, has for over thirty years taken an aative interest in ths Australian colonies. At ihe present moment he has a commercial stake of no mean proportion in Victoria, New South Wales, and New Zealand, occupying, as he does, the position of senior partner in the important firms of Messrs ilArthur, Morrow, and Brind, Melbourne; Messrs A. H'Arthur and Co., Sydney; and Messrs H'Arthnr aid Co., Auckland, £iew Zealand. Eves Fiji has felt the benefit cf Mr M 1 Arthur's infl aence, for he it wss who first used his efforts in the British HOSES of Parliament to have the islands annexed by the British Grown, resulting in t ir Hercules Bobinsoi's mission for that purpose. A fittingcomp'imect i* to be paid on the ocoasi <n cf Mr M Arthur assuming his effiee in London by th9 mayor of Melbourne, Mr Meares, who will cable his congratulations to that gentleman. It wiil also ba flattering to Irishmen to contemplate the fact that countrymen occupy the honorable posts of Mayors ct Loudon and ot Melbourne. A man named Edward Oartlidge (says the Argm) met with a horrible death on the £chuca railway on Honday evening. As the £chuaa train, which is due at Sandhurst at seven pxo., was passing Epsom, which is some fivemiles from Sandhurst, ths driver noticed a man Ijing on ths rails. He immediately sounded the whistle, but with no effect, and the man was instantaneously killed by the guard-iron of the engine, which broke Ids neck. The train was stopped, and the body brought on to Sandhurst. - The body was that oi a man oi forly-five years cf age, and it is susj acted that he must nave been drunk at the time of the accident. The Bortham Times regrets to learn that ths crop are not tuning out so well as might be expected. Mr W. Sanders, of Veclis Kast, tells our contemporary the frosts did a great deal of damage to his crops He had about £00 acres In, and has cut 100 acres tor hay, leaving 200 acres, which will turn out indifferently at the best. His brother (and neighbor) speaks in similar terms. About Sheep Hills and Dimbooli the cleared land has done far better than the plain land, which shows the superior warmlh of soiJ. The crops beyond Simboola are still looking well. Messrs Jones end Greed, of Hamilton (says the Speaitcr), have jutt completed to the order of Mr H'Kellar, a very simple but effeotive contrivance for breaking-in horees to draught. Tbe apparatus consists of three heavy beamB,eacb 30 feet long, radiating from a central pivot; the pivot being fixedin a stump in such a manner that tin tnangular-shaf^d frame formed by the three beams will revolve round the strnnp so as to describe a circle £0 lectin diameter. Cne end of each beam being mads to work on the pivot as already mentioned, the other end of e&eli; beani has a cart-wheel ettaohed, so as to facilitate the revolution cf the framework round the stump. In the epaoe between the first and second wheel a quiet horse is introduced, and in the space between ths second and third wheel the unbroken animal is placed. The Ehafts which oonfine the latter horse are very strong, and the; are made with a moveable bolt at each end, so that they can be taken down to let the horse in, and bolted into position afterwards so as to enclose the horse in a space of about 7 feet by S feet—just large enough to allow him to do his work. It fs claimed that a few hours' work in this machine so ltarey"-fies a young colt that he rapidly becomes tractable and fit to drive out in tbe ordinary way. Tbe objection that a horse so treated would be fit only to work in a circus or a puddling machine Is got over to a nrtain extent by the large diameter oi the circle; and It is said that the horse, when taken out of the machine, Is in no way disqualified from running straight The apparatus, although cumbrous-looking, works so lightly that a man can wheel it round, especially If a level track be cleared lor the wheels. Tbe coit of the affair, we believe, is about £25. The people of lllabarook and its vicinity will hold a ball in "the local schoolroom on the evening of Friday, the 12th instant, in aid of the Ballarat Hospital. Dancing will oonunence at half-past eijbt o'clock. The ce'ebrated illusionist Professor Hazslmayer, with Madame Hazslmayer,' will commence a short short season of four nights at the Mechanics' Institute this evening ia their wonderful entertainment, precious to leaving the colony. The advertisement eliewhere promises an excellent entertainment, which should draw a large audience. The proieBsor bas just completed a most successful engagement at the Melbourne Opera-house, acd perlorme 1 on Monday evening last before the Marquis and Marchioness of Normanby at Government Honse, when the company were delighted. Ths ordinary meeting of the Butchers' Employes £ssocialion will be held in tbe Societies' Hall, Grenville street, this evening, at eight o'clock. An address will be given tills evening in tbe Disciples' meeting houee, Dawson street, by Mr ff. W. Davey,< f Castlemsiie, at half-past seven o'c'ock. An entertainment, consisting of recitations, readings, andsinging, will take place in the Bible Chtis'ian schoolroom, Armstrong street, to-morrow evining. The entertainment will be held in connection with the sale of gifts, and the sixpence charged for admission can be taken ont -n goLiis or refreshments, A meeting of the Australian natives' Association will be held at Craig's hotel this evening at eight o'clock. A public meeting will be held at the Man of Sect betel, Carngharo, next Saturday evening, at eight o'clock, to elect two additional trustees for the Oarngham Cemetery. 