THERE is sure to be something said about a necessary reftenchmeiit before tlie Hon. the Treasurer can get through biB Estimates—for did not tb»7nipre innocent iaiideasily-beguiled membersofthe A^mblyTote-withtlieOoverriment in the ttecfent 'protest debatfewith that comforting but very fallacious,promise to.,themselves 1 And for the retrenchmeiithereiB no doubt' great room and ample'reason. : . . . But justice, even to a Government, if you please I In some few instances IJie. shcing^lpiife of the, trenchant reformer has befenjurti&p;|te*tL ;Thus, there 'is the case of the weltspoken-of Be^utiy Collector 1 of Customs. He was already Landing Water; and when the appointment of a Deputy Collector)wag found to be a necessity, he received the deserved promotion. __But there w^s, as we* understand it, no provisioii'forjsalais?; and now the-proposal is to give a comparafevely small increase only, > and so save some lnindtieds of pounds/annual ly that would ordinari|yliave been involved in such an appointment,^?- I: ' ' ' . F any of our I s enteiprking colonists desire to find^seasy way of victimising bank managers,4ptthemread diligently the current literature of the Insolvency Court. We will not specify any particular case of boundless rascality, because that might be deemed libellous ; but it seems to our friend Blunt that it would be inore honest and manly to stand in the highway with -a, revolver andcjeanout poekef-books, than/to plot and contrive_ a ,series _of ^ross deceptions and tell a string .of_ lies, to the ruin of a bank servant. - HIS is a sample letter, 'sent by Mr. Blunt's T respected , brother to .a. high-class political wind-fc^ Tecen&y; 1 :—" Sir. ^Yoii . were good enough to speak to meyesterday respecting yota candidature- \I .tike to be candid, and therefore, tell you I shall do ail lean to get — — ousted fiom .-office, bnt-I will use my utmost endeavoilrs f o r 4 - — — as' ^against you, for the following reasdfaiM?-(l) He is not a seedy politician ^ (2) He is tiof a needy politician; (3) He does not want to be in the Ministry; (4) He does not want a Government billet; and (5) He is above suspicion." . . Our Mr. Blunt would like this model man dried, with a view to public exhibition in the Fort Museum ! He also is much impressed with ibis idea-—that if the electors in •different parts of the colony were to be similarly -candid, there- would b« some /very interesting Jetters (of TOurse unfit foriiewspaper publication) passing .throngh fee post • ofiicea between this ••current date-iaiS-^ ©nd;6f Febniafy; Possibly it might much simplify matters if a few choice specimens were giyen (additionally to the above) for the guidance of those of the electors who feel that something ought to be done, but do not see the way to go about it. Mr. Blunt presents these, with dedicatory compliments :— . To Mr, . - Sis—The electors for the district of have wafcehed jour career, in.".the last' Parliament, and are convinced of your total unfitness for the position. On rthe several occasions when there has been an opportuiiity for doing good service for this district you. hare.be.en jcowardlji-reitherjsilent or absent from •raie ; Assembly f tod whten ydii have addressed the House you have usually managed to make a complete ass of yourself. Your services not being required next Parliament, you will have leisure to learn s'oiiie. small modicum ef : wisdom. •'v - " I am Sir, yotttsldiBappointei31y, * * # # Or'this-^-.; '•}'.; ... ; L" Mr. Sm——I am deputed by your former supporters in 'the electoral district of to let you. know their opinion JSf you.' > Theythink you utterly insin- -«ere,~ since- every promise -you made before election has. been .broken;, they, believe ycra have no knowledge! of politics whatever^ * since jrou have shown marked incapacity for grappling with any question of importance introduced into -this Parliament^ and they aie - cpfivinced you made me&of; tl^&antitu;и': as a means for gratifying-athkst tor popularity and an over-weening self-esteem. •'•'*' - They give you notice that your contfectioniwith tins district will terminate at ddBe<&nd; fofc evdr&t; the close of present session. .-.: / •'.»< UI <-',ii ?. fj.i ijV.MAit '•!••• S U ^ t o , 1 Orihia— Mt. ' Sib—You are a mere sham, a cheats and a humbug,' jand the sooner you know it the better. Yon will never again be elected for j^is district, so long as I can sign my name. - - -- Iam,&c.;,' • * * * # Or this— Mr.— Sie—The ^character of. your private life litis become ^notorious. Youareknown-tobe-thoroughly immoral, though you. ; attBmpt to olcwkyoOTcdnduct witiia1;hmveil of public-tisefulnesE. - -In this distriirtiLam tiank- ;fnl to say we have the convietion that no such fellow as you should ^represent, dr shbtild'be imaipoeation to make and adm^strate ik^e fpfi'a jnoral people. , : ; Entirely withoiitr'esteem,'I ani,&c.;, ' '• j 50r, none other suiting, then trns-r- • i - r. . Sib—You are ^ore; than Suspected of-tracing your vote for certeSn pectiniary 'aavantages..^Your last contract with the Government .(under the name of your foreman) should have unseated jou. You seem to be wholly given up. to political jobbeoqr- a.nd • Cforop-. tion. "You Vfilln'o longer have toy'Buppoii'from uB. ' • Iam,S5r,&c.;,' • : ;.#..::#- . * ' # HE inquest on the poor woman, B«a^,he, is a T revelation." It a&dnnts; this, ; that the' whole fault of her death" lay with herself : had she been sweet sevenleen, mhougli a steeiage passenger, she would "have^ biad no reason to complain of want of: attention,'! and therefore might have been alive at this moment. . . Now how cojuld that, poor doctor help her being obstinately, a great deal-, beyond ithe' ^ge of attractiveness t Had she 'a ch&rm; ih 'draw tender solicitous-attention; had she a lap upon which he-—-ticeil. with, a long sleep—might have reposed hifi bead ? _ We trow not; ^riKso the " selection of the fitteA," as B^rwin ^hts i^-did the business. Poor old lady -1 ^ - AndMl Hie passengersV:who saw her dying, _ the weather, were not they every one aching to iitelp herl And^Buliwhat is the. use 6f iajking : ?| . . . Certiinly we havey^ldbm seeft^ muchj public feeling aroused^ as* ani referent^; io'Ibis; case. J3at: of r course Monp^gneur le ^ O ^ u r ' will go away with flying colors and the memory of . many a tender caress ! " D OES Mr. Bray mean to cany out the proposals he has embodied in his -Iib(^ <^uriss Extension- of Jurisdiction Bill; fo is it^ simply an East Adelaide .peg for -'- use "next ^raieraielection ?—Betting runs even. V . .• % .>ATe - aisi»;.' disposed to.give llr. Bray credit for best motives' and some honesty,- although he rhas been a legislator for eight years or more. is, whispered that Mr. Wigley will "at neit, IT genersd election test the feeling of the electors,-, and that his biastowards 'the Sturt ; that Mr, Krichau^.aft^rjo^ser^oe m tbe^^embl^, looks for a seat among the ." little Iiords ;"'tba.t Mr. Grainger wUl not seek to rjepres^jk^je P^pK. tection party; that Mr.: ; r t • . : has lost the confidence of his constituency ; that Mr. has lost all chance of re-election.; and that a seat is to be purchased for Mr. ^—, on; the presumption that bis gifts may be made useful. Y OUNG Hopeful is starting life, and has set' himself very seriously to consider the conduct and qualities necessary for making for himself a good position. He has studied curren- ! history, and has come to the. conclusion that, it i he is to succeed thoroughly as a public man, ho ' xrast lay aside scruples; if he would be uccesssf ful as a politician, he must forget that he has a conscience; if he would have plenty of friends, he mi^t jdo €he^f bidding ii-any dirfy work, any private swindle, _and any clever, rogupry where a "paw 1 "'is" wknted ; knd a he Wotdd have the public confidence^, he jnust live the life of a. roufc, and set ^4le^nce1,he'3a'wi3-of idoralityj -virtue, and good citizenship.^ Then, and^only^then,. twill hecfindfiplacain tillboaom ofl^e inm^ntisa and the great, the leaders of public ..thought, and the holders of the nfeftiohal con^i^nce. Mr. Oughton has fulfilled ha engagement to MR give four Topul^: Concerts .in the Port Adelaide Town Hall. He has made a praiseworthy attempt to cultivate- vu taste for good Tnusic in this lprali^y,."butrlias not realized the success he' deserved. r ' ^ e fiitfieiidance ' has not been :^n^i)iriaguJg:* ;, Tfif "^ej.^pbpudar" may -have operated to Keep away the very highest of the elite; and the lack of black faces, bones, and character songs, - may ~ have operated adversely as regards the class it was proposed to reach. There has been a" Jail Trig jbetwpen twolstoola^1 and yet, there ^ias ? BeenVso m m resi JileasurW r imparted, such genuine enjoyment by the bourgeois music provided, t ^ t ^he jdirg^o^ .ahouMj scarcely feel his labor "vain. . . . TKe ^losing -am lent one m every respect, and was highly appre- * : .ted. The per£ormances4 ^ by s jtJjp^ hestral Society were wannty approvi i. Smith and Miss Fischer have .blished favorites. So also has Mr. Trowell, w|iose " Little merry jgi^, a^nF^jfHl jno^ _ n be forgotten. The' only possible way fOr fi^m to destroy his identity, with that ..song .will b§ by he himself growing thin—a feat beyond infi power. , .We^Tfere;glad ^see, d^l5.r.picock^r: beating his share i in fee pleasure . task., Mr; - Knox, as piaUisL ^has been' successful: some people go to the .length of sajing " he .has just Giora's stylePcej^alps^at.is a little ^thur siasLic! ^ Mr..r .Ougiton|s} ability has been .con-. aplcao^[ ^hijcQHS^oqt^; ^ ^ jn/tbe; ^ ^ . a f ' tbis' " —unity we thank him for his' efforts. S Greece takes at the present ttnitttianfc JX minent position inrthe, political afiiaars of Europe iii genetal, v &nd; \- iri E fhl Eastern question .in) particular, anything relating to this little kingdom will be read with interest. According to; authentic staiietrcal'repdrts ttie population of Greece in m the year 1838 4.S38 was 850,000. »ou,yw. xms This ,wasF .the ' Jirst censustaken aftei" Grepcie became' inr' "depBnderit & of : r' Tptkey. Jin the year 1870, ; the population had increased to ' 1,676,775. ^Sreeoe therefore" has doubled its.population in. abjjut^lO. ;l^.;ex^Mrdinaiy : increase' of ( population proves morh than'&ything; 6lse ,(and ndthing can be more convincing), the,immense bepefit -tenfet^ hpoijL Gfi^iie making it an. independent ^tajte, - aiid^by lilteratin§' ; it from.' Turkfey.. 1 Athp-ns bad in the year 1870 a population of 48,900 ; " in the "year 1879 the number of ofuibabitepfe bad incre^.d.to 74>Q0Q. ACCORDING to the-text of the Medical Xlj Practitioners Bill, there is no question but that a gentleman who is-'exceedingly-popular and no {less successful as a medical attendant at Port Adelaide and* suburbs'will be: "snuffed out." ide snuffing is complete,' it is impc«sible to say. . i. We . are not quite , sure whether the ^Biii is downright wicked or only foolish. . . . ||t will be a sorry look-out for" sbine of the. I^untry' districts.' < \- - T is so highly improper to ascribe any good quality to the Chinese, tha}i we.-must expr^s jqpr profound surprise that respectable and well- •co^d^t^iiournalsshaye; had; ^he;.andacity to tfie'Chinese liberality, in reference. tora nt hospital contribution. Ht>w dare r they' of 138 Chinese ,^aving contributed £150, [whilst it woul^J$ke\a£goqd many hundreds of white- skinned, whole-souled Australians of a ^milar status in point of wealth to contribute' |ialf that sum. If the Celestials are to be held tup before us as models,, then surely it is high time they were driven out of the country, or were made to pay at least £100 per head for per- .mission: to- *'live, = move, and have their being" afln^ngst us! Q 4 I D a friend—" Go to t h e ' G a o i , — " N b , jO_| thank you," responded Blunt quickly, n't fash yersel' to swallow het porridge, or Bcald yer t e e t h , " . J ^ e Merid ^emacu- •1^, rather huffed; " I was simply telling ye to go to4he Gaol, and see How many wrecked lives there are among girls Jfud^f sixteen yews of age ; and 1 then aslt yourself' wliat is the result of the set&Dg; up a new standard of morality among pubjiia men and in polite society. . Losh, but 'its wonnerfu'!" W E have a melancholy fear that the information—" Spirits of naphtha, rubbed into cracks with a painters' brush, will drive away bugs "—will be of no use to smy lodging-house keeper within the whole - radius of the Port Adelaide doctoral district ! "^^JliUl^GAyis;plucking-up ^jp^gja to pgijate; f V—fpi" long-promised railway., Thefliovers j: appeal to the Government,, iand-show an estimated, profit-of- £3,500 per annmm. In-their; memorial they say that the: railway will increase population. Quilp Jwants to knowthere is a good opening for a few respectable, duly-qualified, ahd experieneed'i^ouchein, inrthose parts. BLUNT acknowledged (olrtof M≥ ^ ^wife's JJ, hearing.!), that hefis occsasionally Pery much> • indebted to ^^onaHe a^d; jiid^Qra s^ggestionBi. from Mrs. iBlunt. Now., that amiable lady was a deeply-interested spectator th&3Sight Hours Demonstration'last week, -and turning round, to her polite spouse, -thus addressed; bun :—"My dear (Mrs. B. is always particular in hei- address, -whether in company or "not"1),. I tljink this very nice, and I wish with all my heart ihat the eight 'hours system could; be , earned ^>ut^thoroughly and f a i r l y . ' " ' * . " In" wbat" way, love"?"— (it will be"seen that B. also is very particular .') " Well, dear, I think if the system could be quite carried. .fei land it" would be.iichVa' relief^, you know, for mothers nursing—(Here Blunt coughed)—and a jPPgr? woman. rij^uld- getja Tbit of rest from the weary drag of attending to a baby day and night, ^ ^ ( i ^ i q g j t o s j i M I ^ husband who sometimes comes in rather cross. fiffltfpiou^y*) Then," said e ifesn little woman, pretendmg not to see !— it hours system is good enough for the poor washerwomen, and sempstresses, and nurse- (Hmdj^ajqd -JmEK^ds/j ^ p nptjvomen want rest ana recreation as well as the men 1 I declare my bA^rt. a^Tytp fnr anma poor women, who lead the lives of slaves, while their husbands take their .>. -Why shouldnot^e, jeigbti libfixs 'vy^em ..lite .made.to ag^^rrpiind •fairly ? answer me that, husband.!'' . . • jBliint declares he was never, so complexly stumped up, for ^n atnBwer in all bislwmq^yB.'.^Bfit ffua!ingt'T not atljihe .hejp'imn^p ^ a t i u g g ^ ? pot ^j^y ^/siglit ^pj^s'' system 'to ' pubhehbuses, and release landlords and^bar-tenders. from their unpleasant work of oBlChemselves T' Blunt, in his private^ note, says that he was so pleased with his little wife's sound sense and bravery that he actually bought for her a bottle of Downer's Burra Borra"Specific," as she is timid on" the subject of mumps in the children. S SEMAPHOREANS, and' hottest ^opI e .gene- /- rally, will be yery much pleased with the timely action taken by Mr.^JBower in reference to improved accommodation at the Jetty. At . present the arrangements are not such" as'to lead a new arrival to form a veryexalted opinion of the colony, and there is a positive inconvenience as regards passengers and their luggage that should-be remedied as speedily-as-possible.- People look about in vain for a pQrfcer, and have to drig their" luggage along as best they can 'W 9 ' a quarter of a mile ere they can reacli'-the railway station. . . . En j)dssaht,~ it is a profound mystery why that station—despite the distinct promise of the Commissioner ;of Public Works, that it should be removed to the Reserve near the Jetty—was expensively and extensively eiilarged and continued in its present unsightiy position. There must have been the extremeststup'idity in play, or some interest at work that cannot be understood, ere the blunder was perpetrated. . . . The summer traffic will show the extravagant mistake in all its beauty. THE scene in the Assembly, the. other, day, when the hon. member for Victoria, Jtfr.. Glyde, was ordered to withdraw, was not very edifying. It, however, settled one or two question^ respecting which men were dubious. After such a powerful display there is no longer anj& 'doubt:about the future Speakership. . -Mr. Rounsevell has fallen foul of thej^ioii. -^f ''^ Treasurer. That means a great deal more l ^ n a civil growL It is plain aa .a^pikestaff that-th9ro s are very great antagonisms and discordant elements in the House of Assembly, and so long as the reins are in a strong and controlling hand, and a high tone of chivalrousrespect maintained' (even if in semblance only),-just so long may we *•"'- expect that a display of personal vindictiveuess will be avoided. But once let the barriers (which to so many members are only the most' artifrei4l} : ' be broken down, and our House of Assembly* will lose all that high tone which has hitherto characterised it. Happily we are'not far from the end of the session, so that we are so much nearer the line of safety. WE gladly note the1 effort of Mr. Goyder, jun., to promote a new industry by means of the growth of nuts suitable for the production of the several sorts of oiL Ifrthere be but the necessary attention given to these" minor products which this country is capable of yielding we shall yet be rich in oil as well as corn and wine. * I T is said that Charles Reade has already made $45,000 out of "Drink." What has Bass made ; and what that fellow who committed suicide last week ? (Continued on faurth page) THERE is pleasant food for reflection in the T act of closing a quarter of a century occupied in school-teaching. . . And withal a tinge of aess. " Conceive the labor, the patience, the weariness, thestream of changes, of satisfaction and the whackings, the used-up canes, and the woi?x-out" taws J r Conceive of the lives partly fashioned and directed^—how, in a manner of speaking, the. wheels of life were started. And all this.comes out of . hearing that Mr. Leslie terminated his work as a publi.6 school teacher on the 3rd.September, 1880, after laboring in that vocation aince 3rd September, 1855. . . That may be "very small beer " to the conservative English dominie, but out in the colony it is a rare history. IT is said that the Moonta Mines; overdraft has . been extinguished. If that be true, then afiairsat Moonta ought to {considerably brighten ug. Certainly the shares of that Company are being much more sought after than formerly. . . By the way, we wonder if Lengstop is correct when he says that there is not a broker on 'Change who does not nett his £1000 a year. Is that each one, or only the T&hat-d;'ye- call-ums ? TXTE are jjrateful for anything nice said or YY thought about our colony, but'eyen mounting a small ladder scarcely enables tis to grasp all that the following paragraph from June "Leisure Hour" contains. We admit that Adelaide has a situation that is charming, and is very admirably laid-out city, but the stone difficulty has ieen too recently presept to our minds te- permit of our ^accepting the compliment so far as that is concerned :—" On Tuesday afternoon, December lOthj we «ast : anchor before Adelaide. Nothing could exceed the magnificence of . the ; spectacle now presented to us. Yonder far inland was the beautiful capital of South Australia. Stretching away for interminable distances behind were ranges ol lofty hills; dotted with the residences of wealthy Citizens: ' A railway of some seven or eight miles conveyed those ; of us >vpho^chose to go ashore to Adelaide, the yo.ungeBt"snd fairest of the Australian Cities. Any one going to the Antipodes twith limited inforination respecting our colonies; and- expecting only log-huts or wooden shantibs for residences, would stand 'confounded amid the splendid buildings of Adelaide. What |l saw. was in reality a miniature Paris. Ne4rly all" the buildings were of ~ stone—a beautiful material superior to our . Bath stone. The shops would compare with those in Regent-streiet, and the rows of trees planted down the chief; streets suggested the Parisian. Boulevards." ! THAT we owe-a debt of gratitude the State EducationaljDepartment js every day more nd more apparent, but we "cannot lull ybelieve Quilp's report of an examination by a country School- Inspector ;—Question to intelligent boy, at the head of his class—" What is 'ail made of ?" Boy,' with astonishing readiness—'Malt and 'ops, Sir.— - This is comforting to those who delight in bitter beer. TO the cultivation of the faculty of caution there is no better school than] connection with a neuspaper blest with .an extensive and lucrative ..advertising connection. Let us illustrate. • A leader is written by one off the stipendiary staff, full of vigor, in which the sentence occurs:— '' j " The conduct of this member was to an absolute degree outrageous, and disgraceful," eta., etc. Passiiig throngh the hands of the well-drilled senior writer, the'sentence is\nodified, thus :— ' The • conduct of the hon. gentleman was'utterly indefensible/' etc. - •• The " copy " gets into the. hands of the subeditor, with a mark to call his attention to the passage. He reflects and fidgets, and bites the inutile «nd of'Ms quill, finally softening the phrase down "to this :-— j The conduct of the hon. gentleman, Whose position is of unquestioned influence, was scarcely defensible," etc., etc. ' i Finally the leader comes. ip. proof form to the Editor (who has a pecuniary intereitrin the concern), and he improves and refines, until ultimately the passagfe comes out in th|s shape :— "Probably the hjon.: gentleman .nponl reflection will seethathe might, .with increase.of dignity to himself ana satisfaction to his friends, have adopted another course; but trerhave sucticonfidence iniis well-known judgment and patriolism that we,hesitate to criticise too closely his motives." THERE are many unfenced allotments disfiguring the streets of Port-Adelaide and its T suburbs. To compel occupiers to fence or fill-up would in some cases result in hardship : few working-men can find the necessary funds at short notice. Mr. Tomsett suggested at the Pickwick Club the other night that in such cases the Corporations or District Councils might arrange todo the work, and recover by instalments added to the rates. We should like the matter discussed. RETURNING Officers appear toinake up for poor pay by- rich :jokes. For the second time we have seen a summons to a dead elector come in on acertain day to show cause -why his name should not be erased irom the Electoral Rolls, the Returning Officer naively adding that he objects to the retention of the"name (and here he directly addresses the ghostly elector) '' on the ground that you are reported dead." Now to call, up a ghost at unreasonable hours (twelve noon) is bad'enough, arid fcny ghost might reasonably demur; but tomalle an imputation on the ghost's hoiiesty of purpose is altogether too outrageous, . . Surely some less bungling plan could be devised ? TRIUMPHANTLY theCommissioner of Public T Works has shown that he has saved fifty per cent by getting the Nairrig Railway Ibaridges from America. Would it not now be jyjill to show the saving which would have been effected had the Nairne Railway itself never been attempted? . . . We shall come ,by-and-by to the conclusion that for folly and extravagance that railway ^ can" claim to rank second -only to the Murray Bridge. . . Blunt opines that it would be well to keep a Dr. and Cr. account for that -bridge, to show what it has cost, what it costs in interest and deterioration, and what in the net value of advantage, measured any way you please. THE " signs of the times" are more satisfactory. The proposal to re start the manufacture of tweeds in the colony (vice the Lobethat Company, resigned) is to be viewed with the greatest pleasure. . . . The next thing we want to see is the payment of a dividend. HE series of four concerts given by Mr. T Pybus in the Adelaide Town Hall terminated successfully on Saturday night. Without for a moment detracting from the merits of a previous series, we c&n; sincerely compliment the musibal director t>n having secured so favorable a result. The programme on- Saturday evening highly pleased, a very, large audience. Some of its features might have been slightly improved npon; but after all there was little room for objective criticism. A' suggestionJOT two as to the. performers may perhaps be permitted, since demeanor and-mannerism 'has sO much to do with success. Thus—Will Miss Annie Sweet allow ns to. compliment her wholly upon not only her charming, equal, and controlle d voice, but also upon 1 her graceful method.' She ought to feel the greatest-confidence iri the sympathy of her audiences, and should therefore be at perfect ease: : Miss Vand.epier, it appears to us, is scarcely doing justice io a fresh, clear mezzosppranp yoice in forcing .it^into contralto depths. It . is exceedingly pleasant' treated naturally, and ihas .a ;i . capability of modulatioh : of which the ftwiier^seems to be; unaware. . If tlm lady would agpepf"«ur friendly,*stiggestion, she would still consult • a • competent and true connoisseur in voc^il musi^b as to-the management, of her gift; awl would (probably receive useful hints as to styles which: it must be confessed at present is rather jerky and galvanic^ Very slight improvements in these respects would ensure popularity any where and everywhere. Mr.- Talbot Thornton is becoming a favorite with the pnblic, and this he deseryes. His yoice is neither-powerful nor of great range, and so long -as .he confines, himself to. ballad .selections he does well But he must not be too assured. He strikes us as consulting af public taste that is not too highly cultivated though,'veiy. demonstrative, and we think that in this direction he ma&easily; go too far. We are disappointed that Mr. Narroway does not take the better position that his voice would warrant; and we imagine that all the reason is found in the fact of his having been brought to the front a little too early, and his subsequent lack of necessary drilL He should do very much better than he now does. Miss Lindstrom as pianiste did exceedingly well, and should teach confidence' to those who commit themselves to the care of Mr. Pybus as an instructor. Herr Stange has yet. to make his mark as an instrumentalist: he has all the ability toido'so.:: Mr. Compton was not very successful as organist on the occasion, and we were wondering very much whether he -had had proper access to the instrument previously. . . . . Withal this was an enjoyable concert. LET the pciak of a Customs officer's cap be had L in feveretfee.*' We* had no idea that it was so awful a thing; but the case at Moama instructs us. McLaren, a blacksmith, had a dispute with Gordon, a sub-collector, during which he happened to strike the peak of Gordon's cap._-/^g Thereupon arose a charge of assaulting a Customs* 8^ officer in the execution of his dutyj the maximum penalty for which is five years on the roads, three years in gaol, or a fine of f:l00. The case was dismissed; but conceive McLaren's future respect for that awful section of awful attire of an awful official! IN our fourth page is another of the numerous I schemes for promoting economy, thrift, and selfrreliance among working men. The majority of ,the land speculations that pome before the public are so distinctly in favor of. the projectors that it is not to be wondered at if men hesitate to commit themselves to them. In this instance there is an obvious intention to deal fairly and honestly with those who may. desire to enjoy the benefits proposed. The scheme seems to be as good as a Savings Bank, with the great advantage of making every man who embarks in it a freeholder at the price (after payment of deposit) of the weekly allowance for tobacco or beer. The locality is good, and freeholds in that neighborhood are sure to increase in value for many-years to come. Especially will they be a good investment in the event of the Railway Workshops being built in the position sought ' by the Port Adelaide people. THERE was an excellent address published in T the March number of 'Piie- Gentlemaiis Magazine on "Health throngH Education," the essence of which jras coi^iehehded under these six heads:—(1) That class studies shbuld be divided in. regard to the mental aptitudes of the scholar. (2J The teacher should discriminate between the capacities of children,, and become jfike the second parent to the scholar.. (3) Great care should be taken in observingtho influence ofrspecial jphyjacal peculiarities of body and heredities on ' educational progress—so that education should conduce to physical health, and physical health to education.- (4) All extreme competitive strains in learning should be jdis countenanced, as defeating their own .object, jand calculated to produce mental as well as physical degeneration. (6) Quick and precocious children Should- be directed rather. than encouraged, wlulst dull and feeble children should receive the chief attention and care of the teacher. (6) Education should make tke^hole life of men ani women a cpntinual process of learning. . . Some of these points are scarcely liarmony with commonly . received notions on Education, and we shall quite expect Mr. Martin for example, will not concur with all these . suggestions. The whole tendency . of examinations for per centage sfeemsto be adverse to the views held under heads 4 and 5. RETRIBUTION, is it ? Minister* Woods is R of opinion that capital, brains," and muscle are 44 floating to the sister colonies," and laments this general practice of the art tof natation. . Years ago we lamented that Our population— bought at per head by handsome price paid out of the Immigration ; f unds-r-went avfay from to BO soon as it arrived. But then it did not float, it was drawn ; and that slakes till'the difference, At that time Victoria all'-the : attractions and. South .Australia very, few^exfcept to hard workers arid plodders; now "we ^uppose the plodding lias been sdcces^fal, i anil spasmodic . ^speculati'on'sbmewhat unsuccessful, the attraction, has been reversed. . :' .<. .-.-•• THE suggestion of good horiestMr. Hogarth, JL toyraiae- the hull of Sorataby means of z inflation , (yiili the "aid . of india-rubbbr- bags), would piobalaly never Have been hfeaid of if that • gentleman had not had Parliamentary Experience. It is there he must have seen/how effectual it has proved in raising lumbering heavy weights to wondrous altitudes, who but for inflation would have been as useless as the Sorata is at i this present moment. » THE leading and sehibt paper spoke out so ;, vigorously on Wednesday morning, that people ribbed their eyes ; and on the-authority of an' Italian organ-grinder, are now prepared -jto. declare - jthat new and lively tunes can be inserted in old barrel-organs—without backaction—under exceptional -circumstances. THE Chamber of Manufactures is very unosten- V;^, 'taioou4y. bat iiot lesseffectively doing a p ' ^od wdrk. 'Etery now :; and then it organizes otfwAoa some . hesr morepieni for the advancement of ._ ^colonial industries; and indeed, it is Acting the part of a. foster-mother to everything leading . to the profitable use of raw material and employment of - the population. We "hold 'that Mr. Conigrave •and the Committee are pronounced public benefactors. ' • ! - o " N 11 4 ' Now, dont be exceed, my good sir, you •are a good fellow, Bluntkeep cooL" , " Well, what do the Marine Board mean by appointing a Special' Magistrate and two J.P's. to hold an \- enquiry into the wjreck of the Sorata;? This is wholly illegal, Mr. Editor." "Wliatdo you mean, Blunt!" " Whafnlmeanis this, that rthree persons don't constitute one person, and the Act says the . enquiry shall be held by c any person' -appointed by the Board. See Clause 4 of Act. 50 1876." Oh, "but what you're doing is visual; look at clause 5." " Doesn't apply, Mr. ; "Editor, ' If the Board has reason to believe that [an officer is unfit from misconduct.' Now Naturalists are "aware of the fact that 'one swallow- does not make a summer,' so the loss of one ship cannot make a man. ' unfit,' etc. ; do you see ] Logic is wanting in the Marine Board proceedings or they 1 wouldn't .want a fool like me to tell ithem that from one particular you can't deduce a generality." \-- ; THE letter of condolence to Cr. Beattie on the T loss of his watch is now needless. • The place of deposit was an inside pocket. The'police had . no means of access, hence the discovery. HIS Sorato business! The public have been T deluged~with information, so we axe content to sum up, namely there eught notto behazeon the coast nor any haziness on board ; that the ase of parting 'glasses must be superseded by carefully-nsed • field : glasses ; that high official dignitaries shall be allowed to suggest toasts in t®ast-and-water; and that the nofeiUty shall not exact too'gteat a share of the Captain'is attention in critical places^ . . . Further, ian old salt tells us-tfaaithere-is wanted another light in the locality .of - the wreck, and that Cape Jervis light needs mending. Queenstown and Alberton District Council. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER, 9, 1880. Present-^Crs. Evans (chairman), Butterworth, Reid, Bishop, and Tucker.—Revised assessment to be submitted to Mr. Hargravefor completion, with the Clerk's assistance so far as necessary.— Mr. T. J. Bowden (Collector) forwarded supplementary return of rates-collected to date. Clerk to invite Collector to adjust accounts to date.— Cr 'Tucker proposed a rate of ls. in th« £ for the current year. Cr Reid seconded ; carried, r—Cr Butterworth proposed and Cr Bishop se- conded, thaftenders be invited up to;7.30 p.m.' on Monday, 20th instant, for the office of Collector of ^ates and Slaughtering Fees, by two insertions in the Port Adelaide News, the successful tenderer to be in attendance at Council Chamber.during elections of Councillors, &c.;, during ip.e current year from his appointment.^— Cr Butterworth, in "terms complimentary to Cr Beid, hoped his health would improve, and that at present his resignation would not be accepted. Cr Bishop seconded ; resolution carried unanimously.—Mr. Baxter attended on the Council re his offer to Vent /a p&rtion; Brougham^ place. Council resolved that Mr. Baiter have vtlie use of Brougham-place from- football ground to railway-boundary at a renM of £2 peranaum, to 30th June next.—W." J. Porter wrote, desiring Council to bear half expense of improvement footpath fronting .premises. Postponed for .consideration.—Messrs. A. E. Hebderson, W. E. Mattinson. W. J. Porter,P/~ Manuel, and' John George attended as representing the ratepayers who desire that Queenstown shall be divided into wards, and recommended North Ward to,extend south to Wilson- street; Centre Ward south tp Broad-street; and South Ward the Extreme sdnth of thedistrictj including Little Queenstown. Council agreed to assist, in accomplishing division of Wards recommended.—Discussion ensued re proposed planting trees along front of Queenstown, and utilizing {JounciTs unfinished jetty on sec. 926, without definite result. —Receipts, £2 16s. Payments, £3 16s. lOd. ONE FOR THE HEATHEN CHINEE.—The 138 Chinese in the Adelaide District subscribed recently £150 towards the Hospital Fund. What was the contribution towards the same object of the hundredfold more numerous Europeans ? " ' SHIPWRECK.—Thes.s. Rangatira, which traded between Melbourne and Port Adelaide thirteen yearjj- ago,--has-been-^recked on the Taranaki .Qotft, J / ( -jf" ; • PORT BRANCH ADELAIDE CO-OPERATIVE SOCIE- TY.—We are- requested" todraw attention to the fact that shares may be obtained on direct application to the Adelaide Coufumttefe,' ixf Mr; BrIL? Bainbridge, Lefevre's Peninsula. SUNDAY Spffoox, UNXDK. —The appointed meeting of General-Committee and Delegates was held-on Monday evening, Mr. Derrington, President, : in the chair. By-laws were revised and adopted, Committees appointed with executive functions, and arrangements made for holding the second quarterly conference on Monday, 27th September. THE PICKWICK CLUB.—The heavy rainfall on Tuesday evening-so damped the .ardour of most of the Pickwickians that they did not attend the meeting. Consequently the consideration of the President's (Mr. Henderson, J.P.) paper on "Life Assurance," and a debate on "The Liquor Traffic," were adjourned. •- 1 • LEAKY VERANDAHS.—A correspondent comlains that, "walking under the verandah of ne of the principal business establishments in he Port, whilst a heavy shower of rain was alling, he was deliiged by spouts of water, hich came through holes in "the verandah." ngrily and (as it seems to us) ..unreasonably : ur correspondent , asks—" As the Corporation llows the owners of shops to erect verandahs ver the footpaths, -should not they make it ompulsory to keep the verandahs in repair ?". e HojtFBX MaSsiktje, —We understand jihat it. Mr. Green's "HorfulMassikur "-onMondayjoext the lecturer intends to give a humorous account of a Russian attack on Port Adelaide. rOne gratifying feature ..of the programme will be the exiiibition of the likenesses of a few of the bdst inown and most highly honored Portonians of a former generation. -Of course this will be kept quite distinct from the humorous part of the programme. CONFIRMATION SERVICE.-—On WeSnesdajy evening last the Bishop of Adelaide adininist4red confirmation in St. Paul's Church to. fifty-one candidates,' eighteen- males and thi^ty ; three females. .There was a jcrowdied «ojtg»egaf$on. His iordship preached a .vig9rojis sernion on the text, " As for me arid my housed vre %ill Berv» the laord." - TRANSFER OF A WIFE.—John Pearson, hus- band (or formerly husband ?) of the woman who received a sentence of three months' imprisonment at the Port Police Court on Monday for shop-lifting, formally handed over the frail fair one, prior to his departure for England, to a man named Slydell, at that time a lodger in Pearson's house. This is the memorandum of transfer :— July 12, 1880, Port Adelaide.—I do hereby sware I have parted from my wife by oure own free wills that I have no claim whatever on hur for evermore but I give my son in full charge of Mr. Slydell that he will look after him and keep him as his own child. John Pearson." THE MOHAWK MINSTRELS.—The Adelaide amateurs gave a performance in the Town Hall, on Saturday evening last, on behalf of a blind widow and her children, residing at Glanville. There was-a large attendance. The programme was arranged upon the pattern of most Christy Minstrel entertainments, comprising comic and sentimental songs, music, jokes (some good, others indifferent), dancing, etc. The performers in the first part were Messrs. T. James (interlocutor), F. Forward (Bones), C. Woodward Tambo), F. Lindsay, W. H. Curtis, and E. Lenen, whose fine, soprano was justly admired, and e received an enthusiastic encore for his song, '' Send for Mother, Birdie's dying." It is.hard to udge whether he or Mr. James was the more sucessful, for the latter gave "Sweet Chiming ells " with admirable effect. The chorus to this olo offered Mr. Lenden an opportunity of showng how perfectly he <5an control his voice. Bones nd Tambo .were each appreciated. A ludicrous ravesty of the " Mulligan Guards " brought an nterval. Subsequently there were given a clog 1 daiice by Master Keane; songs by Messrs. Hanford, T. James, "arid E. Lenden, a stump speech by Mr. Woodward, instrumental solos jhy Mr. Goodchild, and a ventriloquial entertainment by Mr. DinsdalL Nearly all the performers were encored. As a finale came the amusing farce, " Jones struck^ a boriaza," in which Messrs. James,? Woodward, and Forward showed how -effectually they can amuse an audience when they lay themselves out to do it. SEAMEN'S ENTERTAINMENT.—The eleventh of the series of seamen's entertainments was held at the Sailors' Home on Tuesday evening ; and, so great is the popularity to which these weekly meetings have ; attained, "that—ialthougti performers and audience had to make way through an -ocean of mud to get to the building—the room was Well-filled. (There was a rumor that one ^weaker vessel,^' heavily freighted with spirituous liquors, / foundered Whilst attempting the passage from the Railway Points to the Home but the report requires confirmation!) Mr. Burton (of Crooks, Burton & Co.) presided^ Solos, duets, readings, and recitations were given ,by JVCss Shorney, Mrs. Chichester, Miss Mathews, .Mrs. Tait, den, Messrs:' S. M. Richards, Jattnes, iDay, E, Shorney, Hobbs, and Hamilton. A compli mentaty vote brought a very pleasant, meeting 'to a close. • ^ . THE .WAXWORKS.--The Waxworkfe eihibition has been the centre of attraction at 'the Port during the week, and the number of visitors increases each evening—a result due to. the politeness of the ihahager and his,attendants in a Cesser, and ; the real excellence of the show in a. greater degree. First of the " Sggirs " is a capital representation of that old pioneer, Sir Hurtle Fisher. The visitor is then introduced in turn to Daniel O'ConneU,-Peabody, Pope Leo XIII, the Empress Eugenie,' and the-late Prince Imperial, the Queen of Spain, the King of ^ Germany, Prince Bismarck, and a host of other roy&persqzuLges.; f Farther on the colossal fignre of a Chinese giant towersabove the pi&iy; forms of, .Tom and Mrs. Thumb, Which are flanked ' by -perky Commodore Nutt, his comely ^Uttle helpmate, a lady with a profuse beard, and a fat boy who puts altogether into the shade eyen Mr. Wardeil's somnolent Joe, and a girl much fatferjthanhimself. The Electric Boy ie a shocking mystery which the visitor Would do well to pry into. The Kelly Gang is a most realistic group j C^taiin Mooniite )£iid! Sullivan look t he bloodthirsty scamps their d^eds pronounce them to have been. -Kelly's armor excited the professional admiration >of Inspector Sullivan arid Detective Hampton, ani the wonder of the gaping multitude ; and as we make our exit a buxom lubra grina approvingly. That lady's smiles and the Electric Boy's grip may be Experienced, and the several notabilities intervij^ved, on Friday and Saturday nighti BIBLE C£ASS ANMVEESASR.^-On Wednesday evening- the' a^niversary of the Wesleyan Bible Classes conducted by Rev;- A. Stubbs at the Port, Alberton, and Woodville was celebrated by a tea-meeting and entertainment in the Wesleyan Schoolroom, Port. The "attendance at - each was large. The entertainment was presided over by Bev. A. Stubbs, who gave an iriteresting. account of the year's work. The classes,]he said, had become firmly established, the. number of .-members was. steadily increasing, and the results of the teaching were satisfactory. Ojfcher speakers followed and"a*-xnost .enjoyable engagementJteNnmated about nine o'clock, 