The Last House in C-Street. 1 am not a believer ' in_hosts in general; I see no good in them . They come-that is, are reported tocome-so irrelevantly, purposelessly-so ridicu lously, in short-that one's .'common sense as regards .this ,orld,,. one's supelnatural sense of th6 other, 'are, alike revolted. Then nine out of ten ' capital ghost stories' are so easily accounted for; and in the tenth, whdn; all inatural explanation fails, one who has discovered the extraordinary diffi culty there is in all society in getting hold of that very slippery article called a fact, is stongly inclined to shake a dubious head, ejaculating, "Evi dence ! it is all aq:uestion of evidence. But my unbelief springs from no dogged or contemptuous scepticism as: to the possibilty-however great the t improbability-of that -strange im pression upon,: or: commnunication i to, spirit in matter, from spirit wholly I immaterialized, which is vulgarly I called "a ghost." There is xio credu- I lity more blind, no. ignorance more childish, than that of the sage who tries to measure ";heaven and, earth and- the things under'the earth,"- with the small two-foot rule of his own brains. The presumption of. mere folly alone would argue concerning any mystery of the universe, " It is inexplicable, and therefore 'impossi ble." Premising these opinions, though simply as opinions, I am about to re late what I must confess seems to me a thorough ghost-story ; its external and circumstantial evidence being in disputable, while its psychological causes and results, though not easy of explanation, are still more difficult to be explained away. 'The ghost, like Hamlet's, was an ." honest ghost." Frem '.her daughter-an old lady, who, lless her good and gentle mem ory ! has since learnt the secret of all things-- learnt this veritable tale. " My dear," said Mrs. McArthur to me --it. was in the early days of table moving, when young" folk ridiculed and elderfolk were shocked at the notion.of calling up one'sdeparted ancestors into one's dinner, table, and learning the wonders of the angelic_ world by the bobbings of a hat or the twirlings of a pla?e-"' My .dear, continued the old lady, " I do not like trifling with spirita.". . " Why noft ?, Do you believe in them ?" " A little." 'fDid you.ever see .one?". " Never. But onc'e, I heard one." She looked serious, as if elie hardly liked to speak• about it, either from a sense of ;awe or from fear of ridicule. But it was impossible to laugh at any. illusions of the gentle old lady, who never' uttered a harsh or satirical word to a living soul. Likewise the evident awe with which she mention ed the circumstance was rather re markable in one who had a large stock of common sense, little wonder, and no ideality. I- Iwas very curious to hear Mrs. MacArthur's ghost-story. "My dear, it was a long time age, so long that you may fancy I forgot "and-con-fuse the--circumstances.---But I do not. Sometimes I think one re collects more clearly things that hap pened in one's teens-I was eighteen that year-than a great many nearer events. And besides, I had other reasons for remembering .. vividly ,everything belonging-to this-timi, for I was in love, you must know." She looked at me. with a mild, deprecating smile, as if hoping my youthfulness would not consider the thing so very imnpossible or ridiculous No ; 1 was all interest at once. "In love with Mr. MacArthur," I said, scarcely as a question, being at that Arcadian time of life when one takes as-a; natural necessity, and be lieves in as an undoubted truth, that all.people, that is, good people, marry their first love. " No, my dear; not.with Mr. Mac Arthur." I was not astanished, so completely dumbfoundered-for I had woven a sort of ideal round my good old friend \--that I suffered Mrs. MacArthur to knit in silence for full five minutes. My susprise was not lessened when she said, with a gratified little smile. " He was a young gentleman ' ofj good parts; audnhe was very fond of me. Proud, too, rather. For though you might not think it, my dear, I was actually a beauty in those days.' I had very little doubt of it. The slight lithe figure, the tiny . hands and feet,-ifyou had wa ked behind hMre. MacArthur down the street you might have taken her for a young wouman still. Certainly, people lived slower and easier in the last generation than in ours. " Yes, I was the beauty of Bath. Mr. Everest fell in love with with me there.. I was nmuch gratified ; for I had just been reading Miss Bur -ney's- Cecilia, -and- thought-him ex actly like Mortimer Delvil." A very pretty story, Cecilia; did. you ever read .it .. i " No." And, to arrive quicker at her tale, I leaped to the only conclu sion which could reconcile--the twoi facts of mny good old friend having had a lover named Everest, and being I now Mrs. MacArthur. " Was-it his ghost you saw ?, i? " No, my'dear, no ; thank goodness, he is alive still. He calls here some times ; he has been 'a faithful friend to our family. Ahl!" with a slow shako of the head, half pleased, half peinsive, you would hardly,' believe,' my dear, what a very pretty fellow he was." One could scarcely smile at the odd phrase, pertaining 'to la- tcentury novels and to the loves of our great grandmothers. I listened patiently to the wandering reminiscences which still further delayed the ghost-story. " But, Mrs. MacArthur, was it in. Bath that you saw or' heard what I think, you were goinig tol tell me? The ghost you know ?" " Don't call it that; it sounds as if you were laughing at it. And you -must-not, for it-is really true;-as-true as that I sit here, an old lady of seventy-five, and that then I was a young gentlewoman of. eighteen. Nay, my dear, I will. tell you all about it. " We had been staying in London, my father and. mother, . Mr. Everest and I. He had persuaded them to take me; he wanted, to -show me a little of the world,: though even his world was but a narrow one, my dear, -for he was a* law student, living poorly audworlking hard. " He took lodgings for us near the 'Templetit i-- --. street,- the last house there, lookiig onto the river. ITo was very fond of the river; and often of evenings,e hen'his "work was too heavy to let him take ue to Rane lagh or to the play, he used to walk with my father and mother and me up and down the Temple Gardens. Were you ever in the Temple Gar dens? It is a pretty place now-a quiet, grey no',k in the midst of noise and bustle; the stars looked wonder ful thrcugh those great trees; but still it is not like what it was then when I was a girl." Ah,! no;' impossible. " It was in the Temple Gardens, my dear, that I remember we took'our last walk-my mother, Mr. Everest and I-before she went home to Bath. She was very anxious and restless to go, being too delicate for London gaieties. Besides, she had a large family at home, of which I was the eldest; and we were anxiously ex pecting another baby in a month or tuo. Nevertheless, my dear mother had gone about with me, taken me to all the shows and sights that I, a hearty and happ' girl, longed to see and: entered into them with almost as great enjoyment as my own. " But tonight she was pale, rather grave, and stedfastly bent on return inme home. " We did ail we could to persuade her to the contrary, for on the next night but one was to have been the crowning _treat of all our London pleasures: we were to see Hamlet at Driury-xlane, with John KXemble and Sarah Siddons! Think of that, my dear. Ah! you have no such sights now. Ev.n my grave father longed to go, and urged in his mild way that we should put off our departure. But my mother was determined. "At last Mr. Everest said-I could show you.the very spot where he stood, with the river-it was high water- lapping against the wall, and the even* )lg sun shining on the Southwark hoeusos opposite. He said-it was very wrong, of course, my dear; but then he was in love, and might .be excused,- ' s ' " ' Madam,' said he,' it is the first time I ever knew you thiuk of your self alone.' . "' Myself, Edmond ?' " ' Pardon me, but would it not be possible for you to return home, leav ixig behind, for two daye only, Dr. Thwaite and Miss Dorothy ?' "Leave them behind-leave them behind !' She mused over the words. -What say- you,-Dorothy ?'- "I was silent. In very truth, I had never been parted from her in all my life. It had never crossed my mind to wish to part from her, or to enjoy any pleasure without her, till- till within the last three months. * Mother, don't suppose I- ' " But here I caught sight of Mr. Everest and stopped. "'Pray continue, Mistress Doro thy ' "No, I could not. He looked so vexed, bo hurt; and we had been so happy together. Also, we might not meet again for years, for the journey between London and Bath was then a serious one, even to lovers; and he worked very hard-had a few plea sures in Ils life. It did indeed seem almost selfish of my mother. " Though my lips said nothing, perhaps my sad eyes said only too much, and my mother felt it. " She walked with us a few yards, slowly and thoughtfully, I could see her now, with her pale, tired face, under the cherry coloured ribbons ol her hood. She had been very hand some as a young woman, and was most sweet-looking still-my dear, good mother ! " ' Dorothy, we will discuss this no more. I am very sorry, but I must go home. However, I will persuade ,your father to remain with you till the week's end. Are you satisfied !' " ' No.' was the first filial impulse of my heart; but Edmond pressed my arm with such an entreating look, almost .again my will I answered ' Yes.' '. Mr. .Everest overwhelmed my mother with his delight'and gratitude. She walked up, and down for some time longer, leaning on his arm-she was very fond of him; then stood looking on the river, upwards-and downwards. " 'I suppose this is my last walk in London. Thank you forall the care you have taken of me.' And. when .I am gone home,-mind, oh, mind, Ed mond, that you take 'special care of Dorothy.' " These words, and the tone.in which they were spoken" fixed, them selves on my niindi-first, from grati tude;-not unmingled with regret, as if I had not been so considerate to her as she to 'ri ;, afterwards-But .we often 'err, my :ear, in dwelling too much' on that word We'. f]nit eo crea tres haieve only. to deal with '.nw - \--nothing whatever to do with 'after. wards'. In this- case, :I ha?,e ceased to.blame myself or others.' '-.Whatever was, being past, was right to .be, and could not have been otherwise. :" lMy mother' went: home next morn ing, alone. We were to follow in a few.days, though she would not allow us to 'fix any time. Her departure was so hurried that I remember nothing about it, save her answer to my father's urgent desire-almost command-that if anything went amiss she would im mediately let himaknow. ' ` ''Under-aii cir-umstandces wife, he reiterated, ' this you promise ?' "' I promise.;. '" Thoughliwhen she was gone he declared she need not have said it so earnestly, since we 'should be at home almost as soon as the slow Bath 'coach could take' her there and bring us back a letter. And besides, there was nothing likely to happen. But he fidgetted a good deal, being unused to her absence in their happy wedded life. He was, like most men, glad to blame anybody. but himself, and the whole.day, and .the next, was cross: at intervls iwith both Edmond and me; but we-bore it- and patiently. "' It will be all right when we get him to the theatre. Ije has no.'rea) cause for anxiety about her. What a dear woman she is, and a precious your mother, Dorothy P 'I6 rejoiced to hear my 'over speak thus, and thought there hardly ;ever was young gentlewoman so blessed as I. "' We went to the play. 'Ah, you know nothing of what a play is, now a-days. Yoa never saw John Kemble and Mrs. Siddons. Though in dressue and shows it was far inferior to the Hamlet you took me to see last week, my dear- and though I perfeotlywell remember being on the point of laughing when in the most solemn scene, it became clearly evident that the (}host had been drinking. Strange ly enough, no after events connected therewith ever were able to drive from my mind the vivid impression of this my firstplay. Strange, also, that the play should have been Bamlet., Do you think that Shakespeare believed in-in what people call ' ghosts ?' " To be Continued, 