FIRESIDE READINGS. 'TILL THE PRATIES GROW.' By T. S. Cleary. [When Father John Murphy, whose life has been published a few days ago by Messrs. Gill and Son, was parish priest of Co'roflu, in. the countv of Clare, he had to fight the hardest battles of his life in trying to check mate the untiring efforts of proselytism. A parishioner of his was tempted by sore need to renounce his faith, and, in consideration of a weekly stipend, agreed to go to the Protestant Church regularly, and act in every way like a reformed sinner. On the first Sunday after entering into this agreement he was sulkily proceeding to the new place of worship, but having to pass the chapel on his way his conscience smote him, and throw ing himself on his knees before the humble edifice of prayer, cried out, ' I'm goin' from ye, alanna— good-bye, good-bye — till the praties grow !'] A oflim-a inir lionvt l-ivnnlrir, ' oo T ,-1™,. An' see the open portal all invitin' to go in, An' hear the cnildher's voices as in saared song they soar, The priest's subdued ' Oremus !' and the people's loud'Amin!' But oh.! I dare not enter, for a compact I have made. Like Lucifer at Heaven's gate no farther can I go ; Don't frown on me, my darlin', nor a broken heart upbraid, Good-bye, asthore alanna— till the praties grow ! Ah, niyir did I think, agrah, that I should pass you by Without an adoration made before your holy fane ; But oh ! the pincliin' hunger — I can't hear my childher cry. The livelong day for vittles, an' still hear them cry in vain ; I can't behold my darlin' wife lyin' sick before my eyes, An' hear her in a fever fierce bewailin' all our woe ; I cannot do all this, agrah, an' stay in you and grace, So now good-bye, alanna, till the praties grow. I'm passin' by your angels, an' I'm passin' by your saints, But oh ! the weary trouble an' tho hard an' Litter year. An' you know when the flesh is weak tho proudost spirit faints — While you point Tip to heaven, wo are siunin' on down here, But sure as at your altar I exchanged the marriage vow, As sure as from your sanctity all streams of mercy How, As sure, aclior alanna, though I sadly leave you now, I'm back within your bosom whin the praties grow. They've paid me to forsake you, an' I pawned my soul i'or bread, An' promised for their pottage that from you and yours I'd part ; But while beneath their new-built spire I bow my sinful head, 'Tis your ould stones, alanna, that will have my achin' heart. Between the hymns they'ro singing I will praise your Sacred Host, An' whisper Holy Marys whin their organ's in full flow ; An' whiu they ban the Komisli Church, I'll beg the Holy Ghost To hurry on the sayson wliin tho praties grow. Oh, if inside you, darlin', some obligin1 neighbours kneel, Tell one of God's bright angels to go whisper in their ear That there's a poor soul waitin' that can't make its own appeal, But if it could would ask Him to send down a fruitful year. Good-bye, thin for a little while, tho shelter of my heart — Good-bye tho glory of my eyes — but let tho faithful know That though I say good-bye, avie, an' from your gate depart, 'Tis but, asthore alanna, till the praties grow. To Intending} Householders. — The way to make a hole in your pocket is to incur a largo rent. 