ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEA.THES, &c.; Mr. Edwin Browne, as announced, made his first appearance in Melbourne on Satur day night, at the Theatre Royal, in a play called " Good as Gold." At once, it is only right to eay that Mr. Browne iB a good actor and that hiB play is a good play. This latter has for plot a mining story, which has the recommendation of being coherent, consis tent, and, as to its action, consecutive. The leading character is that of a man not easily moved, bat, who being wrought, becomes dangerous. It is needless to say that such a character iB quite true to nature. In the multitude of men there are men who get the reputation of being cowards, because they love a quiet life. And Tender Jim is one of these. He has been thrown among rough miners, himself being sensitive, retiring, and pacific. By your bully, such a man is always mistaken for a poltroon, and so it happenB that Tender Jim is similarly wrongly esti mated. It requires particular circumstances to bring out his latent heroism; and then he a good deal surprises everybody. Such a character, it will be remembered, is that of John Mildmay, in "Still Waters Run Deep," also that of Barabas in " The Sea of Ice." Tender Jim becomeB the recipient of a trust confided to him by a dying man, who has been murdered and robbed. The trust is that of guardianship of the dying man's wife and child, and the property left is a rich claim, the right to which he asserts at the proper dramatic moment. There are several villains, of course, and the development of Tender Jim's bravery is shown by the bold manliness with which he confronts and confounds the villains, who, for the most part, are variously Bhot. Tender Jim also falls in love with his dead friend's widow, and the curtain comes down upon the understanding that he takes his dead friend's place. During the progress of the action, which leads up to this conclusion, there are many bustling scenes, and there is much explosion of gunpowder. Also, there is a stirring combat with knives. The virtuous people are in frequent peril, but, with the exception of the murder of the virtuous digger in the fixBt act, they all escape injury, and the general acknowledgement of the triumph of virtue is complete. j You may say, if you like, that this is not a 1 high-class play, but you cannot, with truth, j call it a dull play. It is full of stirring scenes from end to end, and the moral is perfect, for all the wicked persons are put to death, and the good persons are variously rewarded. And it is certain that Mr. Browne, meaning Mr. Browne with the final«, made an excel lent impression. He has played but a week, but he deserves to play many weeks. You need not embarrass yourself by (he question of whether he can play Hamlet or Richard the Third. It is probable that he knows better than to attempt either; but you may be quite sure that he can play characters of which Tender Jim is the type. He has a I good appearance, a pleasant voice, and a ! natural manner, and he used all these attri I bnteB with the best effect in showing what was intended in the character he personated, fie made the two sides of the character I clearly apparent. There was no confusion between them. One could see that he desired to ' make the idea of the trans formation thoroughly manifest, and bis success followed well upon his deBire. In the early scenes his modesty was charming, and in titie latter, hiB bravery was irresistibly picturesque. In the scene where he turns suddenly upon the cowardly crowd, and electrifies them by his new-bom valour, he showed the most perfect knowledge of stage effect, and yet it was not effect for the sake of effe>ct,bufc effect in complete accordance with the dramatic meaning. So we hope we shall hear more of Mr. Browne. !the villain of this story was playedby Mr. Brown' without the e, and It was played very .wtfl; not after the manner of melo dramatic villains who affect much stamping and hurried respiration, butasa man would comport .himself who/ being a villain at heart j would'natprpljy deeir» to keep liis yilWy a secret to %nself, and to ithose who ibi^ht be paHnerainhh'vjU^yi . ;v; M' j' The other villain was played by Mr; Carey,: It was a puling, pigeon-livered villain, troubld with & conscience; and haunt^T^* ghost of a dog which lie hadoftrT^ and whoa© eyes looked at him bottom of the river where tC immersion) took place. OfconnJTw^® coald not help himself; he hadSf J \ TO milk-and-water viUahy, and heS^1^ best of his conscientious abilih, gratifying success., You m J' the moral flabbineps of. thA £3*^ you were bound to credit Mr r7^ ** great deal of ability in ca ' ;rf®y ^6 author's conception. Mr HoUow °M ^ aented uncompromising v'ilW *2? terminated by hU being much £? ? Deering a villany was Israelite Sr i . rather than declarant. /Mr. ErnmetttffJ were employed to .elucidate £j?S ruffianism and incidental rocaliam. tr - successful in both directions, andHwJ^ from delirium tremens. Mr. represented virtue of the most unex,l« able kind in the most unexceptionabH®' ner, also died early, to the remtnf l*>dr. M,. Jones Um ports ach principle, his special i"£r being towardB the year 1849 ThP f ,g characters were limited, namely, tressed widow, feelingly acted by Mi" ? stead, and the bereaved child, prettily IS by little fedith Appleton. But on? f? male characters was represented hv vT Foley in a sparkling and racy fashion 0^!! one might say, in her usual fashion 't£ drama was illustrated by some prett? appropriate scenery. 4 Last night Mr. Browne was to take his benefit, and was to appear, in additions "Good as Gold," in-'The.Happy S^ taking the part of Mr. Honeyton, and My May Leigh (Mrs. Brown*) was to sustain ft* part of Mrs. Honeyton. . To-night our old and well-tried friend. Mr. and Mrs. Williamson, reappear at thk theatre, , and the programme is the same as that in 'which they made their first apneas ance in Melbourne-namely, "Struck (ft* and " The Fool of the Family," At the Bijou "The Turn of ths Tide" his been running up to now, but it is to be dis. placed to-night by " The Woman in White." On Saturday night, at the people's, m» produced a drama with the title of "Thb Gilded Age," being, as presumed, a dramatic adaptation of Maik Twain's Story of that name. The etory is readable, «a fg everything else of Mark Twain's writing, but the play it dull as a play, and very bad as a moral Fot it assures us, in effect, that ,wheu a young man deceives a young wonian, the young woman is justified in shooting him, and that a jury is, therefore, bound to acquit herwhen she is tried fot the killing. The deception in this case consists in the concealment of the fact that the young man has a wife. It issomewhat difficult to know exactly the ex tent of the deception practised upon the young woman, because we are confined b? her apparent gaiety a while after the die> covery of the deception. For first she falls senseless upon the floor, and yon are afraid the shock has proved fatal; but as such shockB never do prove fatal, you are not at all surprised to find her in bright raiment ani the highest possible spirits in the next scene. There is, therefore, the greater wouder that, considering this exhilaration, she should take her former loverb life. But then, if she had not taken his life, there would have beea no court scene, and therefore no fifth act There have been many court scenes on the stage in Melbourne, and once-but only once-there was a court scene not burlesqued. All the others have been bur leBqued; some of them very much so, This latest one, at the People's, belongs to thos® court scenes which have been most bur lesqued. It is impossible to conceive of ear thing more outrageous in the way of bnr lesque. But it answered its purpose o! "making the unskilful laugh," and what more would you have ? The jury acquitted the priaoner in the face of direct evidence o her guilt, and this waB as it should be, else there would have been a break in the con tinuity of the travestie. As won as she acquitted, Bhe was understood to be con tracted in marriage to the advocate who . defended her, and everything ended happW for the prisoner and her frzenfo, bnt, as J matter of course, not for ^efmnda . deceased. You are to deduce, there «, this dramatic narrative, thus set homicide, by the shooter is a woman, and the perso & a ?«ftn who has acted disingenn0B' woman. The lady in this instan<» wMpl«# by Mrs. Hall with much power, for jut such parts are not amongthweinw ^ Hall is seen to the b®8t^v^S8Hall, gentleman was played ***' ^ tbs whom we all remember m an o time long ago. j, as But, besides this ebMtlj« S as topo* explosion of so detonating a . out the gas, yet theiflayh for tba it would have been daller a^" ^ efforts of Mr. HWl-mjaniw Hall, that is to W, "-^.pha# had a funny part to iflay q{ tbig toil. -Mt. phrase ait ofce stage, «o aa to tben ^ laugh for about bftlf Vm Ai4 you dullness recommenced. J*_^u ^ g,U iceive what a dull play it jkrtifl ^ could not make it ** h moar, tried hi® beat to dpvelope«o^w you cannot getsparka out ofP^ ^ Ms. Stirling Wbyte, a veo^ ^ Tbeabi old men's parts, and t>« Royal, is now at thtathw conld an old man very MtnraDj, JT ./&& W make the Mias WisetpMU ^ gMdaetora sud WW* .. i.tor. i*'" profitably*^10** "f ,,non the trail of a BUC But they have ceB8'01 P .. pj. . , "otg0tTMrL Haselmayer have continued ^ 'Irmances at the Opera-house dunng tbeir perfo1 varied profiramme. the week . -i,n;c which ha8 been closed The old Poly being rehabilitated ; in » """STJiS reconstracted. fBCt'-/Z been taken down nearly all, save Forltha n Bnd tbe stage-room has been the bare walls, 8 The holding <ltendo1 the building is being enlarged by ^J tion of B gallery, and the means of tbe addltl0,n °reBs are to be altered, so as to iDgr£-! nf the different sections of the emerging without mixing The decoration are to be of the best the new theatre is to be P "hm,t three weeks. AU this change read.y effected under the direction of Mr. 1,68 I 4«rons to whom we are indebted for Sost elegant theatre in the, colonies. The Town-haU was crowded on Saturday it last, despite the wet weather, on the -nn of Madame Tasca's concert. The ^attendance, and the reception accorded be? must be taken as the acknowledgment of fhepoBitionBhennquestionably holds asahigh. S pianiet and an accomplished musician S this recognition was gratifying to her Snot be doubted, and it is only her due to S, that the steady manner in which she has Sired tbe good opinion of the musical sec tion of tbe public of this community, takes away all surprise at such a demonstration. There was a very cordial understanding be. tween her and her friends, and the occasion will be one to be pleasantly remembered on both Bides. The programme was a somewhat long one, but it bad been selected with good judg ment, and those who took part in it were thoroughly accredited by popular favour. Madame Tasca herself was contented with but a comparatively small space in the bill, and allowed her friendB to engage the prin cipal share of the evening's work. Her first essay was Chopin's Ballade in A fiat, which she gave with a conscientious fidelity to the text, most creditable to the loyalty which it ia un derstood should alwayB characterise the rela tions between composer and executant. It vts only to be expected that this performance should be received with a demand for mora to which Madame Tasca responded with the now well-known Pasquinade of Gottschalk. At alaterperiod shegave with quite a patriotic fervour and with singular precision, a fantasia on Irish melodies by Benedict, which so stirred the souls of Irishmen that if the evening had not much waned, they would have insisted on several repetitions of it. Madame Tasca was presented with flowers in many beautiful shapes, and her heart was otherwise gladdened by the very loud and ray sustained applause of an audience vhich, besides being a crowded one, was largely leavened with the musical cognoscenti cf this city. Next to Madame Tasca must be mentioned Madame Tasca's sweet little pupil, Ada Willetts, who, after many months' absence from the concertplatform, reappeared again. Since last she was heard in public, she has progressed in a remarkable measure. When first sheplayed inMelbourne, now some three years ago, she was justly accounted a wonder, but on Saturday night she added to the enthusiasm of even her warmest friends. For she has acquired both power and con fidence, the exercise of which greatly helps her to emphasise the expression that her fine natural taste prompts her to impart to all she does. She played first Weber's rondo known 48 "La Gaiete," for which she was very londly encored, and to which she responded with Mr. Plumpton's pleasant fantasia on Scottish airs, and this, as a matter of course, eet not only Scotch people, but every other Bort of people, craving to hear still farther, a desire she gratified by giving that pretty JHtle trifle '1 L'Hirondelle." But apart from r surprising talent, the youth, the beauty, and the unaffected modesty of this dear little creatnre.tookevery one captive; Bbe was at once a charming picture to look at and a very poem sten to. As Bbe is not yet twelve years of ge, one cannot help dreaming of the future greatneBB she is to achieve. If it is to be oeaswed by what she has already accom [ , e°' Bhe will stand on a very high level The vocal resources of this concert were fittingly represented by Mrs. Cutter, Mrs. Howitz, Mies Alice Bees, Miss Elaa May, Mr. Moroney, Mr. Farley, Mr. Verdi, and Mr. Beaumont, of all of whom, perhaps, the least known to the audience was MiBS May. ThiB lady, as will he remembered, recently made a very notable commencement in opera, hut if she had made her- first essay on Saturday night, Bhe might have been cer tain of placing heraelf on the best terms with the public. For she has a voice of surpass* tog sweetness, the upper register of which is perfect in its purity, its sweetness, and its timbre.. It falls upon the ear like the cleat soteB of a happy bird, telling out its gladness nigh in the unclouded upper air.at sunrise It is something to listen to dreamily and with a feeling 0! entire joy, born of measurelefes content. Mrs. Howitz's voice was in excel lent condition, and, although Mrs. Cntter did »ot sing in eoUv she: was beard to advantage 111 4 duett toith Mrs. Howita, -and in the Vartette from " Rigolettp/'which concluded Mr. Morons,sang with, $h&t; ? Precision which makes itself like a well _ precision wery note he utters declare itsi cut diamond-bright, tich, and eveif; Qt Mr, "Beaumont it only tieeds to say that he unfi ts became hi# reputation, Which has ^R^eeto beyond ct^lf' Mt. ,V«rdV.8 tobtes pealed ouVUketHe Boutidot, 'at^)$pet fpll *>f ^Wfiuing.,Spring ytp> strong T*rt&.i!iMi,<5?Mley, who ja »ot often heard woB teceived iwltktnuch warn hew Srtt^s'a^gont its 4id 1 ®ne good to listen "to,* RoeckelV sorig "of 1 %ed on," and giving for encore that 1 tolling Bea strain he was wont to sing in the opening of the second act of " Pinafore." Madame Boema's passionate earnestness was illustrated with quite a contagious in tensity in her delivery of a Bohemian air, and if she did not give " The Last Rose of Sum mer" with the tenderness with which we are in the habit of hearing it delivered, it came, at any rate, with BO much wholeheartedness that one could not but concede that it might probably admit of different interpretations. It is possible that Miss ReeB's voice is in a transition condition; but it is certain that it has not the fresh sweetness it had two years ago. What the change is due to may, perhaps, neither be known nor inquired into. But it is unques tionable that the voice has changed, and not for the better. "^Tbere is no lack of skill, but the softness is not, as once it was, ap parent. The voice-power may have been overtasked, and it may require time to re cover itself, but whatever the explanation, it is impossible to regard it with the favour it merited when first it became known to the Melbonrne musical public. Nobody knows why Signor Paladini did not sing, and, in like manner, nobody knows why M. De Munck did not play. Both of them were expected, and the name of one of them was in the bills. But, for all that, the concert was one which will be pleasantly remembered, and Madame Tasca will, no doubt, reckon it among the notable experiences of her pro fessional life, and a point to mark her pro gress in the general estimation. It would be an unforgivable omission not to mention that the Melbourne Liedertafel gave their valuable aid in several part-Bongs, and that MeBBra. Siede, Zelman, Herz, and Plumpton supplied the useful aid of con duction and accompaniment. To-night, at St. George's Hall, Miss Har rington's " Stiay Leaves" company, which for the last twelve months has been making the tour of the Australian colonies and New Zealand, will make its first appearance in Melbourne. As the company, besides MiBS Carrington, includes Mr. Taylor and Mr. John Forde, both well-established Melbourne favourites, it can hardly be but that the company deserves the good opinions passed upon it in the varioua places it has visited. 