irnVE fS FR0M A FRENCH NT OF VIEW. /vron* 0WN CORHESPONDSST.) v Paius, 2/th NoTomber. Wo have .v1 "Mikity which has not jet risou to the iW ot a ^auuict question, and that the traW 'Pa8"aS0 across Paris, en route'lot M-" of tl10 P°°r cx- Empresa has not beeu abl' 3PPoa3e- Tile Bonapartiats will not tol^r;*. repreaentatiou of Zulu habits autl cast.uus l10I1?»y natives, and tha repub licaua iusist tllls boing a land of liberty, the t:uviiy wa3 mu3tbe allowed to indulge in their l>yrrlaucus- f'w liinoress Eugenie, by tho leiv »'?* ller through her tears and weeds is dvii'1, to be a wrack, a bent and broken-lookii n'0/,'11"1' Tll° French aro not cruel; ih5.aU tlla ruiu abo was the iu strmueui «f 'tmB..by. forcing bar worn-out husband to ",an im(lultous war against Ger many those >recoguiBed her as she passed resDcetfully tolT their hat3' However, it is customary to to thc ^.ad. She was kept in view by » sfl' detective officers, juat as if her load of ows w«3 contraband, or that polities had for her the ghost of an attrac tion. She wW accorded the privilege tbat any political! coulli. claim, of being allowed, on the scoreiun»anity or the diro necessity of private .iff11 ^'e.e Pa33 for a fixed period— a truce as itaSaiust tlio sentence of tho code or renso State. If a proof l "Ceded as to the stability of the prcsrnt 11. °f government, tho quasi private j.'mc Jusb bold by tho royalists of Venice' conclusive. Tolerated by tiie artfiori' protected by a Eepub lieau iolicc, mo S00 individuals met to deuou^'o fiit'cpublic, oxalt tho Comta de Chaniwrii, anon up the rominiscencoB of civil 'ar, ailisplay every kind of factious baun'"> Thccolor aloue was absent. Theao culinry prot'tious ar« harmless, having no loner tho c'land of the avenues to power aiufplace. 'J grip which the Royalists had on :ie populiiis of a fow districts ia getting rehted; theasaatry show evidence that the sca.'s are droiig from their eyes; the Liberal joimala arrivtt the wake of tha lay teachers, I n iv nilroai deepened water ways, and aieliorated r.es. There is a great "lovelling m " iu operati. Tho first aw has arrived, wicked and dry; i>t unpleasan saved for the aged who have to o abroad, a: the poor who have no firesideB. haritv is qrtly doing its work, and I learn rom several sources more effectually than leretofore, baise its distribution has been iiandeil over ' lo:aI committees of laymen. The Mayor's otlic is tho proper place to contide donations, ail responsible unpaid agenta mako at present K suffering. 1 raised l)y stri >n the receipt to house collections for tho is is independent of tho sums mg a tax of some 10 per cant, if placos of amusement. There is uo pauperis! iu France, for parents, when they arrive at to age of Go, can legally compel their children t> contribute to thrstr support at the rate of fiv|!>r six sous per day. The result is that childreroombine and obtain, for a fixed yearly payment a comfortable homo, in a well kept hospice,'- or their parents, and amour prof re is thus a the same timo upheld. These hospices are cuducted cheaply, as the nuns marnje thorn,i . guarantee that nothing shall be found ivantu; under tho heads of order and cleailiuesa. ' Tiie municipl councillors agitato a proposi ti™ that they ie paid for their services, which if important, .•& not so onerous but could afford to be dischaiigd gratuitously; tho members hare already iecreed themselves a medal, in sig-.ia of office, nd which has its effect on their houemaids am shop boys; in China a pea cocks feather 'ould mark the dignity. Less opposition is exfessed at the intention to make cuii'cnts and mnasterios pay rent for their cstolishmcnts, ike Dick, Tom, or 'Ary; at proiiiit they at not subject to taxation, and wliee tho city 3 the landlord, tlioy are ex eiiijieii from qurter days. Thia intention ex t'cu:ecl, the bfiget of the city, already so prorerbially pithoric, would bo augmented by nearly a quarti of a million of franca, which sine would be dfoted to establishing and main taiiiiig lay schop. that's the up of a French employer holding out against a stijte? Is it for form's sake or to savi appearances': Strikes here arrive with the rejilarity of ne' moons; each trade has its turn regulated in.dvance: the workman " hangs upde shovel audle hoe," at an hour fixed, and ws:ts till the montain, in tho shape of tho ein pl.yer conies to bin, which is generally so; the mater then mehodically adds on to bills tho ei:ra price neeessry to cover his increased ou t hr, no that the'public in the end pays, and, lie the eels beconing used to skinning, eeaso (.■complain. I thiik all political economy, with c'ae respect to idam Smith, Mill, Faucett, :nd Say is compried in the maxim of Hudibras, "The value ot a thing is just as much as it irill bring." The bakers liavo won along tho whole line, their s:aflf of lifo is strong, 45 francs a week, bread ano wine included, for they have to work semi-naked aud thirst U consequently excusable. Parishus wore iu sympathy with the bakera, for nowhere ia tho world is bread better made than iu this city. Tho bakars ap pear to be artists; look at the forms, the golden and white colors they give to rolls and loaves. You feel an appetite on entaring a French b;ikery, with its marblo counter, floor, and shelves; its shining brass racks and comfortable look—for few bakers ever figure in tho list of bankruptcies. The bread is toothsome aud digestible, not tho horrible lumps of warmed dough to be met with in the rural districts, to which Norwegian cakes are superior, although these be flat, strung on a cord like Chinese coin, and suspended from a blackened roof and a few months trapeze acquaintauce with flies, simiUr to Dutch hun,j beef. It is remarked that it is since three thousand years after tho appearance of the Iliad that we have only known how to make broad. To accomplish tho latter well, Voltaire, 1 Uiink it is, rema.'ka, is the sign of intellectual and moral superiority of tho people. Formerly the lady o£ the house made it a point to make bread proof of her authority. Abraham so far interfered iu household affairs as to dio tate t' Sarah the quantity of meal to employ, and he had plenty of servants, not forgetting that maid of all work—pour tout faire Hagar. Tile Greeks were bakers with the Romaus; they had more talent and their manipulation was more skilful. The passing through tho city of the now Queen of Spain—what a contrast with that other august visitor the cx-Einpre3j—has created a weak sensation. She is apparently a lady of a inasculiue turn of mind, and .means business iu her love. She plays into the hands of her mother-in-law; they aro as agreeable to each other as such relationship is before spend ing a honeymoon. Worth, according to a stage whisper, was entrusted to execute the bridal trousseau, and has done his work well. The robe dt mariage consists of a jupe of white satiu, very long, with a square train, trimmed all rouud with beautiful fleucon; in front, draped and embroidered with silver, and covered with similar lace. Another robe is in roso culored damask, trimmed with black, and the mantle is in dark blue velvet, garnished with iace, and a slight golden embroidery. Out-door sporting life is on tha increase. M. Gr6vy is perhaps the crack gunner in France; be beats Gambetta hollow in bringing down those elegant barn-door fowls, known as pheasants, or knocking over a poor pusa, As '■or stag hunting, this sqton amusement is on the ncrease, but for an excitement, in the absencs >1 the usual find and finish, commend me to a vild boar hunt, or running down a wolf. Manly orts cannot be too mucli encourageaiur rrcucu >ya, who snivel their youth away round a atora eking chocolate or studying how to storm tho uitry. Eh bien, paper hunt3 are on the in ease, and when the hares lead well' over a oss country, the result is satisfactory, A great any drawing-rooms are still in brown holland, d platechestacontinue hermetically sealed, but 6 opening of the Chambers on the 27th will : fiddles scraping and legs whirling. By •'a, too, all the anniversaries of the saints will fe passed with the usual. honors. Saint *sile shall have received her share of music, Saint Catherine shall havo been honored by 1 and young virgins, for she was a famous girl filer period. She was beheaded on aocount of ' piety, but the angels had their revenge, as carried her away and buried her on Mount J-ii, where Renan says ho sought in vain for ''tombstone, just as if he expected it to be of Pyramids pattern common to her royal coun ?tten. In the event of school girls not being f^ght on that day to the theatre, they have privilege to transform the schoolroom into a ?;i-• and perform Racine's "Esther"; lemonade %-a, and then a few ivaltzes. Tho Bible ®des to the ugly rush of seven women to take .1 of one mail, that they could be called after, , and so take away their reproach as spin-; At present ladies of an uncertain agij . ■> tapers, and try the virtue of doing up thtg of a bride, or sticking a pin in her bonnc( g filing rather than to be a vestal virgin to S; ® erine. , Jo. Thiers lias resolved to Keep in□ of ,r linabaud in the same state as ho lett j N«/n» i changed. It h.. the appearance, if \ owner had left for a few momenta. j, 'a"oook he read-Pl^o's Dialoguos-l.cs c:, haiR a pencil with which lie annotated e t«forwl,enan author.(in th,.^C,«|) Prlated him with a copy of wasncciallv 'printed to I"™ moado^of man All Hugo demands is that preson,-oa c°li bo richly bound: ' An addition Ju,oll •ma-to the'study'it'serves as a5?*?'• •all' cbUld not &M;*pkbu his tomb. In a press is tho plaster model of his features, taken after death. No shelf was in tho library higher than ho could reach from the floor. Ho lovod his " workshop," and entered it ovory morning at tivo o'clock. He never had an almanac-card, so that ho was puzzled fre quently for tho date, and when uncertain, never dated his loiter. One day a young man called on him to bo recommended to a Minister. " What day of the mouth is it!" ho demanded of tho visitor, who conlessed he did not know. " Don't know, monsieur; and how can I write a recommendation without a date ? Take my advice, air; uovor be without a pocket almanac." Tho Ansizos of Versailles has condemned' a plagiarist, In one respect, of Nero, to tuu years' hard labor. Last August commenced a aeries of incendiaries, one a week during six weeks, and that involved a total loss of property of 32,000 franca. A very haudsomo dressmaker, aged 17, but looking 20, was too well guarded by her parents. Her mother in the morning accom panied her to her work, and her father brought her homo in tho ovening. She had a lover, aged 19, and was prohibited from meeting him; aha set fire to a cottage or a farm-building; tho neighbors ran at the sound of tho tocsiu to aid its extinction; the lover arrived also, but passed his time with tho girl while all was confusion. Iu a late boarding-house row two clients disputed; a duel was arranged. One of tho antagonists avowed lie had no money to travol to Belgian to fight. Thu other promised to pay his expeuses, for which kindness his head and nose were smashed with a chair. In tho department of the Aisne, a national teacher inspired a warm passion in the bosom of Lucie, a young needlewoman. He re jected the advances, and sent ail anonymous letter accusing her of being ugly and a bastard. Sho met him on the public road, attacked him with a knifo and scissors, and wounded him soveral times. Ho sought refuge in tlio chapel, still pursued and blooding. She. begged the officiating clergymau not to interfere for a moment, as since bo could not marry tho fellow he could at all events bury him. He recovered, and the jury acquitted Lucie. Tho New York correspondent of the Libr.rtt! complains that on the American stage an actor, instead of kissing once, as the exigencies of the play require, indulges in a score. It is hard when a man has the chance with a pretty girl to leave off when he has commenced. The European Bauk is expected to make a good dividend. Some of its scrip was stolen, and not only wa3 it mysteriously returned, but scrip of another company into the bat gain. At tha recent sale of the ex-demi-moudian'a (Esther Guimont) furniture, a bronze statue of Prince Jerome was purchased by a lady, who put it under her mantle and drove away. "Your bedroom is cozy," said a host to visitor, "but don't lot tho wator remain in tb carafo, tho frost will break it." 