LES CLOCHES DE CORNEVILLE (THE BELLS OF CORNEVILLE!. The following is an outline of the plot of the above opera, to lie produced to-night at Messrs. Kelly and Leon's New Opera House : — The Marquis of Comcville. who has been sinoc childhood — owing to certain political unpleasantness—an exile, returns to his ancestral home on the occasion of the great annual fair, which is being celebrated in the village that receives its name from his chateau. It is a truly Norman village, of the old Norman type. In the first act we find an extensive collection of village gossips discussing tlie usual scnndnl and small talk of the rural district. Serpolette, a sort of " good-for-nothing," is the topic of conversation among the village maidens and matrons. She comes just in time to save her reputation by turn ing tlie tables on her traducers. Gaspard, an old miser, proposes to give his niece — Germaine — in marriage to the representative official dignitary of the village, tlie bailie. The niece decidedly objects to this arrangement, and although she declares that she is bound in ties of gratitude to a fisherman named Grenicheux for saving her life (as she thinks), yet she asserts that her heart is untouched by the dart of love. To escape the marriage so hateful to her and Grenicheux, and to fly from the vengeance of Gaspard and the bailie, both parties take advantage of the privileges of tlie fair and liocome servants of tlie Marquis, in which position they find themselves joined by the scapegrace Serpolette. Tiie second act is taken up with the exposure of the ghosts in the haunted Castle of Corneville. The Marquis, confident that there was nothing supernatural about the strange appearances which for sncb a long time perplexed the Eimple villagers, introduces his men to his castle, and finds ont after many persistent nttempts, that the army of ghosts is comprised in the person of Gaspard. The old miseris discovered and becomes crazy on account of the fear of losing his treasure, which he has concealed in the old castle. A trap is set for him, and the Marquis and his crew retire to pnt on the mailed suits of the old warriors of Corneville, poor Grenichenx being left for scout. The ghosts, tlie lights, the hoarded trea sure, and how the Legend of the Bells comes are then explained true. Tlie clang of the chimes, the armed men pointing at the- conscience-stricken Gaspard, the storm roll ing overhead, and tlie spectral host descend ing from, their pedestals in complete panoply, all drive the wretched miser out of his senses, and the curtain falls on a powerful picture of retributive vengeance, Gaspard being a Tictim to the very delusion lie had practised on .others. Tlie act ends with the celebrated Bell Song and chorus, one of tlie most taking musical numbers to be found in tho entire range of Comic Opera. In tlic third act tbe chateau is restored to all its pristine splendour, and the Marquis has entered it as master. Tlie villagers are invited to a grand fete, and the miser Gaspard is still crazy. Serpo lette comas in as a grand lady, and Grenicheux as her factotum. After a love scene between tbe Marquis and Germaine, it appears that the latter is tlie rightful heiress and the true claimant of the title of Marchioness before conceded to Serpolette. The opera closes with the reconciliation of all jiar- lies. and the romantic story is brought to a happy end. The cast will lie arranged as follows : — Mr. Leon plays Serpolette, a character just suited to him ; Germaine is played by Miss Wungenhcim ; Mr. lteid, tlie fisherman ; Mr. Kelly, the miser ; Mr. Winter, the Marquis ; Mr. Ball, the Bailie. The music is by l'lmiquette, and lias been expressly arranged for an increased orchestra by the con ductor, Mr.-Luscombc Searell. The opera lias ran over six hundred nights in London, and is still running, so no doubt it will be a tremendous suc cess here. 