PROPER GOVERNMENT AND PROPER SUPPORT. We lately dealt with tbo doty of the Government towards the whole commu nity, without regard to political partisan ship. We endeavoured to show that one of the gravest responsibilities resting on a Minister is the yielding of no favour, either in the way of grant, place, pay or pension, merely to party demands, or from party motives — either to flatter an opponent or to reward a friend. The supporters of government have a duty to perform towards the administration in the moderation of their demands. The success or failure of any government depends, to a large extern., on. the for bearance of its followers ; and if the Con servatives of this colony have the slightest concention of the ncsition of their repre- sentatives, now in pGwer, or the remotest regards for their difficulties, they will Tafrain from throwing fresh impediments in their way until !tboy are firmly estab lished. It is unwise as well as useless to hide from ourselves that, in faoe of the financial legacy inherited by Mr Service ; in view of the comparatively small majority with which he will have to meet the new Assembly and an unscru pulous Opposition ; and iu consideration of the stand he has taken up in relation to the Civil service, he will require the earnest sympathy and undivided support of those outside who have placed kid at the head of affairs. Mr Derby and his colleagues, like all politicians of the game class, are naturally stronger in Opposition than iu office. While iu power they are to some extent restrained by the necessity of avoiding mistakes, which would be absolutely ruinous while gtandiDg on the 'defensive, or going beyond the bounds of reason. A besieging army has always more scope for operations :Jhao the besieged. While sitting on the Treasury Benches, the Beery Ministry, while often going to the very length of their tether, dared not say or dc things which they -will have no hesitation in saying and doing now, when unhampered by considerations of self- preservation. To resist this inevitable tendency, Mr Service's Government is less strong in the House than we Gould wish to see itv; put of the House they can be made all- powerful. At .the same time, wo foy>co ©fans undervalue the - magnitude and .Significance of the triumph achieved at the last election. It was certainly a vie-? tory on the one side, but it was notion irretrievable disaster en the other. Wa nad not exactly exclaim " Ano her such victory and we are undone,1' but we havei every reason to concentrate our forces,! sad be prepared for another battle with' ran enemy rendered desperate by defeat,' The Berry Government entered on their1 Ministerial career with a clear maj orifcy of GO - a House of 86. Nor was this a half-' hea 'd majority. On the contrary, at the- time, and long subsequently, the dominant party were ready te-go almost any .engih in support -of the new admin- istn" on. The majority did follow Mr Rbsuy into all kinds of extravagances, absurdities and extremes. Thfic alle- igiftjjfu may have been shake?, by the Slav s Wednesday atrocity, but it cer tain :y was not upset. The c.Avnfall, thjeugh a succession of the most evident errors, and the most, barefaced disvegard of political consistency and honor., was only very gradual. If, at any period, thoy had evinced the- slightest appear ance of a return to moderate counsels, the 'failing party could have been reooa- Strpcfod, and a long reign might have beer before them. But never was ifco hackneyed quotation more thoroughly verified. Qusm Bern vult .verdetr# print -dementat." Mr Berry rushed headlong to his destruction. Bin down ward career, ones it really comensnced, WRg only very partially checker, ;- the iniquitous proceedings of she Ei-utions and Qualifications Committee ; by the patent weakness a<ud incotsis: ur-sy of an appeal to Downing-street; fey (lie. pue rilities of Sir Bryan- O'Logesssn, m bis absentee ; .by' his turnings, twisting;?, a'S- VSMiees and retreats in the matter > f the Reform Bill.; and by his abortive tariff. By a su.guiarretributive'justice hie-R-ctusl downfall was brought about in the 'hearts of the colony by i he. pale ghost <rf; his financial operations, in the shape tri .the historical sixpence which -escaped -the vigil"' t <3.yes of the Major. 'And this-Is HO exaggeration. The half- million deSidit would have attrecu-d less pah lie at ten- j ition, or raster i' would not have amused! Hjh'6 ridicule and seorn.oia large-majority of people, who i ww.- attracted by the .vmaVw bl« episode .connected with ihat -BingI' coin, the pole remaining rcyre- seatati <»f montr rftoi'en from the S"-,4e. It w«e ho fost straw which broke "she camels 1 1(1 ck. But we cannot too of-iez. Impri-ss laon our i cadets thatJEr Berby left » Ivg'tcy ' fall of danger and difficulty |0 b>B successors. It was, nodocb', a| craft thi:ia ft1 brerk down so great a aujoiity; hut really all we h-tve gone a?, yet. We. have reduced <a majority of 60 to.vc. hot we have uc- comp! Ftte.l very'-io ' Bore. The cot&pjsi-; Hon of the aoVcmcFhat..hetfa:' but a gra .t rinraST' wx "> «f the Iafit; election wore re'n--yi by ,'63- Oonser-a-; lives are no.'. Conservative's at ah. Our „reat sirengih wilf most. likely be found hi the fact tn»it Mr Service and his parly are not conservative in the obnoxious sense of that 'erm; but are real'y fur more liberal than the Liberals themselves. This will be found in their measure of reform, which will not only have the effect of popularising the Upper House, but of rendering it totally unable to resist the will of the people, were calmly, and finally expressed. It wiH be shown in the desire not lo interfere with the nrotectionist policy of which the country seems present enamoreu except in tile" "matter" of' 'affording some relief to our two greatest industries — and it will be seen in their attempt to bring the finances of the country into business-like shape, to paBS much re quired laws, and to divest themselves- of the patronage . which has proved buc ya curse to the colony, by placing it in the bands of unpolitical boards, whose powers will be confined within such lines as will secure Ihe services of aspirants who will have given some test as to their fitness for office. But what we wish chiefly to impress upon the party which we represent is that the Government will be too weak in the House to carry out the reforms they propose, without the- self-denial, as well as the sympathy, of the whole party. Let Ministers by all means fulfil the actual promises of their predecessors. Let no word of theirs be repudiated. Let everything which they commenced be faithfully com pleted ; but on the other hand, let no new demands bo made on them. The finances of the colony are not in a condition to bear even an ordinary strain ; let it be onr care that they should not be called on to undergo an extraordinary pressure. Let us, instead of harassing the present Government, by making de mands upon them with which it would be impossible for them to comply, rather ! refrain from advancing claims to whici we may be justly entitled. Give them ;i chance of being just before being gener ous, and of being able to meet, at all events with hands unhampered by then" friends, an opposition which will have neither mercy nor scruple. 