THE EFFECTS OF A PRACTICAL JOKE. GoiNa the rounds at present ib an in-, structive story which shows bow some young ladies played a practical joke on & ^onog medical student, att.i soon Unshed that tbey lia-) no t hit no so brilliant a notion. A 'limber of yonog people were staying in a h.i;ise ?,. aether. and having exhaust* 1' ail th,. mure familiar jokes, they e.mcfived a uovel idea. They would dravj with pbiiK pfaorus, on the wall oi tiie stude-it's bedroom, a skeleton of hideous mien ; when he bad put out his cund'e the . thing would glitter, lis would shriek, afad that would be wl^-re thj laughter would come in. During the evening Upon which the schema was put into execution they talked much of ghosts and casually observed (lint of course the old legend about a sl;e:eton in tbe house was absurd. It bad been said to liniint his room particularly, but no doubt he had no fear of skeletons ? He protested that he bad not the least, that be should like a skeleton to play with, and only hoped that if it came it would not Lurry off again ; but these protestations were not considered worth muob, and wbeo bedtime arrived the student had retired, the reft of the party followed him and waited anxiously at the door. The light was presently put out ; tbe skeleton began to gleam, and above his head the student saw the legend writteo, '? Con fess your sins.' The New York Times shall tell the rest of the story : — He uttered a yell of the most terrible and, to ; the young people outside of his door, de lightful description. Then the wicked young student began, in a loud tone of voice, his confession. He confessed that on Wednesday night he had kissed Miss Mary 13 row 11 in the library .; but he urged . upon the ghost, as aa extraordinary eir- 1 cumstance, the fact that the young lady j had virtually requested him to do so, and j that be did not see his way clear to re- j fusa Then he confessed tbat be had promised to mariy Miss Carrie Brown, and that he had broken his promise. Still, he claimed tbat he would not have been thus faithless had he not seen her in affectionate conversation with a young broker whom be named, and had she not j subsequently admitted that she had pro mised to marry that ' addle-pated youth,' as she accurately described him. Also, tbe student, who is undoubtedly a lineal descendant of Ananias, fnrther confessed that he meant no harm when he kissed j Miss Kate in the vestibule of the church)^ on Christmas morning, and that he would never do so again. By this time tbe j young people outside the -door had fled. I The three young ladies whose names had been mentioned in the medical student's : confession wept indignant tears, and pro- i tested that the ' wretch ' knew that be was telling stories; while the other young ladies said they hoped that such was the case, but that he did seem very earnest andjsincere in what he said.' The party at breakfast next morning was gloomy, no reference was made to the subject, and no skeletons have since appeared to the yoang student. — Sporting and Dramatic Hens. Tub yaval and, Military Gazete, of February 18, says : — ' Orders hare been received at Cronstadt, we learn from the Globe, to prepare a number of torpedo Iwats for despatch to the Pacific station. It is stated that the departure of the Moscow, national crusier, from Odessa in tiie spring will be taken advantage of to send three to Yladivostock, aud tbat sis or seven more will be shortly afterwards conveyed thither by other steamers of the Moscow Crusier Fleet. The torpedo boats selected for the Pacific will be the pick of seventy or eighty vessels at present com posing the torpedo flotilla of the Baltic.' Another cat show is to be held at Boston Music Hall. The purrs of tbe felines are expected to fill tbe purse of the manager — This is the furs trial of tbe paragraphic pen on tbe coming cat show. When the tabby-latei returns are all in, they will be decidedly amewsiug. The following message, intended to . break bad news gently, was sent to tbe widow of a man who had just been killed bv a railroad accident ; Dear Madam — Your husband is unavoidably detained * for the present. To-morrow an under taker will call upon you with the full particular?. Ik a lecture not long ago, Joseph Cook remarktd that kings aud queens lieett ihe ruin of maoy nations. Tint may he tree, out it is a little siugulai that he should completely ignore the resi ' of tW pack. 