A MAN DRIVEN INTO HELL. A communication which appeared in a recent issue of the London Tablet , from the pen of Edward Healy Thompson, contains the following account of an extraordinary apparition : — Lieutenant-General Cockb urn, in his 'Voyage up the Mediterranean,' gives tho following remark able extract from the records of the Court of King's I Bench tor tho years 1687-1688. ' An action was brought by a Mrs. Booty against Captain Barn aby, to recover £1000 as damages for the scandal of his aosertion that I10 had seen her deceased husband, Mr. Booty, a receiver, driven into hell. ' The journal books of tho three different ships were produced ia court, and the following pas sages recorded in each submitted to the court by the defendant's counsel : ' Thursday,. May 14, 1687. — Saw tho island of Lipari, and came to an anchor off the same island, and there wo wore at W.S.W. ' Friday, May 15. — Captain Barnaby, Cankiin Bristow, Captain Brown, I and a Mr. Ball, mer chant, went 011 shore to shoot rabbits on Strom boli ; and, when wo had done, we called our men together to us, and about three-quarters past three o'clock we all saw two men running to wards us with such swiftness that 110 living man could run so fast; when we all of us hoard Cap tain Barnuby say, ' Lord, bless us ! the foremost is old Booty, my next door neighbour;' but he, said ho did not know the other, v/ho ran behind ; he was in black clothes, and the fore most was in grey. Then Captain Barnaby desired all of us to tako an account of the time and pen it down in our pocket books ; and, when wo got on board, we wrote it iu our journals 5 for wc saw them run into the flames of fire, and thoro was a groat noiso, which greatly frightened us all, for wo nono of us evor saw or heaid tho 1 like before. Captain Barnaby said he was cer tain it was old Booty which I10 saw running over Stromboli, and into tho flames of hell. ' Then, coming homo to England, and lying at Gi'aveBond, Captain Barnaby's wifo camo on hoard the 6th day of October 1687, at which time Captain Barnaby and Captain Brown sent for Captain Bristow and Mr. Ball, merchant, to congratulato with thom ; and after some discourse, Captain Barnaby's wifo started up and said, 'My dear, old Booty is dead,' and I10 directly made an swor, ' Wc all saw him run into hell.' Afterwards, Captain Barnaby's wife told a gentleman of his acquaintance in London what hor husband had said, and ho wont and acquainted Mrs. Booty of the whole affair ; upon that Mrs. Booty arrested Captain Barnaby in a £1000 action for what he had said of her husband. Captain Barnaby gave bail for it, and it came to a trial in the Court of King's Bench ; and they had Mr. Booty's wear ing apparel brought into court, and tho sexton of the parish and the people that were with him when he died ; and wo swore to our journals, and it came to the same time within two minutes. Ten of our men swore to the buttons on his coat, and that they were coverc.d with the same sort of cloth his coat was mado of ; and so it proved. 'The jury asked Mr. Spinlcs, whose hand writing 111 the journal that happened to bo read appeared, if he kr. ew Mr. Booty. He answered, ' I never saw him till he ran by mo on the burn ing mountains.' The judge said : ' Lord, have mercy on me, and grant that I never seo what you have seon. Ono, two, or three may bo mistaken, but thirty never can be mistaken.' ' So the widow lost her cause. Tho defence set up was that the defendant had spoken 110 more than had been seen by a number of perBonB as well as himself.' A Man Over-isorkd ! — Tho editor. A Western journal lioads an article, ' A Lunatic Escapes and Marries a Widow.' Escaped ? He got caught. — American Paper. A St. Louis tady who had graduated in three seminaries tried to send a bandbox by telegraph the othor day. ' Don't you think theso paintings aro badly hung ?' asked ono gentleman of another, at a recent art exhibition. ' Badly hung ? Yes, horribly executed !' was the reply. Tells its own Tale. — ' How many deaths ?' asked the hospital physician while going his rounds. ' Nine.' ' Why, I ordered medicine for ten.' ' Yes, but one wouldn't tako it.' Natubal Religion. — Bishop (reproving delin quent page) : ' Wretched boy ! who iB it that sees and hears all we do, and before whom even I am but a crushed worm ?' Pago — ' The miaous, my Lord.' AiiTruL.-Tram p (to the rector)-'Your sermon was very much thought of last night, sir.' Rector (flattered) — ' Indeed, my man ! I'm very glad if any efforts of mine ? ' Tramp — 'Yob, sir, I heern a great many a-talkin' of it in the portch, I was a-walkin over to Ramsgate yesterday, and my 'at blew off into the sea, and you haven't got an old 'at you could give.' (Usual result.) — Punch. Lever used to tell with infinite drollery tho followiug story of Mr.' M'Glashan, his Dublin publisher, who was a Scotchman. At a certain dinner, fearing to be mado ' fou' by the wild Irish authors and scribblers, he left the table, having taken his fair share of wine, to join tho ladies in the drawing-room. After a while the party heard unearthly noises in the pantry, juot behind the dining-room. They listoned and thoy wondered. What could it be? Wero there really ghosts in the house, as had been whispered in its ancient traditions P But, summoning courage, they went en masse , and thoy found that worthy M'Gloshan had, under the impression that he wag going up-Bt airs to the ladies, apcended shelf after shelf of tho pantry and was at that moment lying at full length on the uppermost, kicking furiously at the ceiling and side- walls, and expressing the utmost surprise that ho could not ' get up-stairs.' An American ' on Eend.' — I remember, some eighteen years since, being a guest at a very largo dinner party at a beautiful place called New Rochelle, near Now York. There was much speechifying. The day (it was August) was insufferably hot, and there was much champagne ; so much, indeed, that my next neighbour to the right (he was a senator from out West, I think) became, what with the dry Heidseck and the torrid atmosphere, painfully drowsy, and at length went faBt asleep. I began to bo a little nervous when I heard him snore sonorously, for I knew that his name was down on tho list of toasts to propose .the health of tho visitors, — a sentiment to which I myself had been appointed to respond. ' He'll never do it ; it's not in him.' I murmured to myself as I10 continued to snore' But when tho appointed time arrived, 'and tho Western senator was gently shaken by a waiter, I10 suddenly started ' on eend,' as thoy say in the Eastern States, shook his lion-like ixtano, pulled himself together, and, in thunderous accents, began : — ' Sir, — Whon Prince Eugene, at the the battte of Malplaquet, gavo tho command for a general advance, the spectacle of the alliance of two great and powerful nations was made magnificently manifest ; and tho whole British line greeted tho gallant Savoyard with a ringing cheer. And, Sir, v/ell has the honourable gentleman from Vermont who has just spoken ob served,' &c.; But the senator from the west had boen asleep and snoring while the honourable gentleman from V ermont was perorating. It was always in him. Every American is born, rhetori cally speaking, an infant Hercules, and in his cradle strangles tho serpents of hesitation mau vuioe honte. — ' G. A. S.,' in tho Illustratid Lon don News. A Curious Story. — In his eminently interest work entitled ' Jungle life in India,' Mr, Ball has adduced good reasons for believing tho old classical story of tho rearing of Romulus and Iiomus by the she-wolf may be founded on fact. This author cites the case of two lads in an orphanftgo at Sokandra, near Agra, who had been discovered among wolves, and in many ways shared tho habits of theso animals. Ono of his stories is supported by a lcttor from Professor Max Mullor. ' A trooper, sent by tho native Governor of Chandaur to demand paymont of some revenue was pussing along tho banks of the river about noon, whon ho saw a largo female wolf lcavo hor don, followed by throe whelps and a littlo boy. Tho boy went on all fours, and when the troopor tried to catch him, I10 ran as fast ao tho whelps and kopt up with the old ono. Thoy all entered tho den, but wero.,'dug out by the pooplov/ith pickaxes, and tho boy was secured. He struggled hard to rush into every hole or don they camo near. Ho became alarmed whon lie saw a grown-up person but tried to fly at child ren and bito ihom. Ilo rejectal cooked meat with disgust, but delighted in raw flesh and bones, putting them undor his paws liko a dog. They tried to make him speak, but could got nothing from him but an angry growl or snarl. Anothor instance is quoted as having occurred at Chupra. A Hindoo father and mother went out to cut their crop in March, 1843. Tho woman had with her a littlo boy, who lately had boen soveroly burned on tho left knee. Whilo tho parents v?ero at work tho child was carried off by a v/olf. Some years afterwards a wolf with three cubs was seen about ten miles from Chupra followed by a boy. Tho boy, after much resiotancc, was caught, and recognized by tho mark of the burn on tho left knee, Ho could eat nothing but raw flesh, and could never bo brought to speak. He used to mutter and snarl, but never articulate distinctly. Tho pans of his knees and the points of his elbows had become horny from going on all fours with tho wolves. In November, 1850, this boy escaped again, and disappeared in the jungle. Thus tho ' she- v/olf '9 litter,' of Macaulay's ' Lays of Ancient Rome,' may havo been, after all, 110 myth. — London Daily Telegraph. 