Eyes and Ears. BY TBOLLOPE'S MAGPIE. I am a Magpie—Trollope's celebrated Magpie. I am not a young bird, and am not therefore easily caught with chaff. My history is veried. I first saw the light when I chipped the egg in which I was contained in the Park Lands, Gawler (though they were not called Park Lands then), some 30 years ago. I was considered by my parents a precocious bird. Indeed, so restless was my curiosity and so troublesome my habits that at a very early period I was expelled from the paternal nest, and thrown upon the world. Captured-by a sharp youngster, I was soon inducted into the mysterious of the English language,/in •which I afterwards became proiicient. SiHce'-'that time my life has been a varied one. My experience has been more than that of an ordinary magpie. I have fluttered on the top of a dray, over the desert road to Victoria ; I have been the companion of diggers on the various goldfields ; I have peeped into the Governor s private sanctum, and have, unseen, listened to the deliberations of ministers in a difficulty. So peculiar were my accomplishments that I was presented as a rare gift to Mr. A. Trollope, and ever since have gloried in the name, "Trollope's Magpie." Kept by that gentleman in a gilded cage, I accompanied him from place to place until he took his final departure. I could tell some funny tales, but I scorn to raise the laugh at oue who has used me well. Not liking a trip to England, I watched my opportunity, and in a moment when I was temporally at liberty, I made my escape, and winged my way to Melbourne. Here I flew in and about the public office^ but disgusted with the manner of the public men and the doings of the Loyal Liberals, I took my passage on the topmost spar of the Victorian, and returned to my native country. On recovering from the effects of the voyage—for even magpies are not secured against the evils of a rough passage, I winged ir.y flight, round Adelaide, and seeing ^o open door on Northterrace, I flew in. The strong resemblance of the room into which I entered to one with which I was so familar iu Victoria soon assured me that I was in the Parliament House, and amongst the deliberative wisdom of South Australia. I looked with respectful glances at the intelligent crowd before me, representing the worth, the wit, the honor, the gallantry, and shall I say the mainly beauty of S. A. ? Perching upon the back of the Speaker's chair, I looked about me to gather information. I Bpeedily spiel an old grey-headed mouse, very busily running in an out from uuder the chair on which I was seated. Hopping from my perch I engaged him in conversation, and learned that the Assembly were busy on some measure for the extension of the "Local Courts." It was under the chair at the time, and mousey had nibbled a hole or two, but he said it did not matter, as the members being in want of something to fight over would be glad of the opportunity of patching. My body being rested, and my brain tiring with the hubbub, I again took to wing and flew over North Adelaide. I admired the beautiful gardens and shrubberies that had sprung up. in my absence, and flew round about until I became quite dizzy. An open window in a quiet ecclesiastical - looking dwelling, all gables ami sombre shade, t ;mpted me to alight, and unbidden I enered, and perching on the bust of Pope Pius IX. fell fast asleep. I was awakened by certain muttered sounds, and rousing up I perceived they proceeded from a greyheaded old gentleman, who was reclining in an easy chair. His form was clothed in black, and black gaiters enswarthed his legs. n a little table close by lay a hat, with its broad brim very much turned up. He was restless, and turned from side to side. I caught an occasional articulation. "Scandalous profligates," "Synod," were frequently repeated. I flew down to get a little nearer, but unfortunately getting tco ear my wing brushed the gentleman's nose. He awoke with a start, and I started for the window, nor did I stop my flight until I was a long way on the road to Gawler. ired with my long flight, I perched on the railway fence until the train came along, when leaving my resting-place I flew to the top of the guard van, and finished the rest oE my journey in comfort. I am now in Gawler, the town of my birth, but how time has changed all round—and for the better too. Where were once dry, harsh sandhills, pleasant villas and beautiful gardens abound ; and in the place of the few rough houses, the solitary mill, and the old ford, streets of shops and residences, mills, foundries, and factories are in plenty. Dear old Gawler! The gum-tree on the banks of the river, where I first saw the light, is still standing ; nd a lineal descendant of the opossum, that inhabited it when I was still a fledging, occupies his ancestral hole. I have already interviewed him. He will be a valuable acquaintance. His nocturnal habits have enabled'him to obtain much information that will be useful to me. I have also discovered the remains of the old -nest, made up of sticks, and feathers, and papers. Some of the latter of an old date have writing upon them. I must treasure them up and peruse them at leasure. I have had as yet but little opportunity for studying the habits of the townspeople. They seem genial and kindly enough. Indeed, there is a wonderful contrast in their favor, and against Victoria. The day I arrived was the period for the annual election of councillors. So funny. The candidates, in the midst of what in Victoria would have been intense excitement, were the calmest of the calm. The voters, too, quietly marched to the poll, recorded tbeir votes, and quietly jogged home again. There was no gathering crowd, no little knots of excited arguers, no extra tipple, but all was quiet and orderly. I did hear from my friend the opossum that after all was over there was a festive gathering, but I saw nothing of it, and the police have not been called into requisition. This is essentially a farming district, and so I took a flight round to see the state of the crops. Rust, rust, is the ciy ! By-thebye, I heard an old farmer give one of the best excuses for slovenly farming I ever heard. He was talking to another who was complaining of the dirty appearance of the paddocks. " Ah, man," he said, "the wild oats catch the rust first, and give the wheat time to head; where there are plenty of wild oats, the rast won't touch the wheat." So after all it seems that dirty farming has its advantages. Even a Magpie may live and learn. I must fly away and have a chat with the opossum, and hope I shall have something local to tell you next week. GAWLER BRASS BAND.—As some misapprehension appears to exist with reference to the relations between the Gawler Band and the Institute, Mr. W. Riggs has called upon us and states that it is true the band have had the use of the room for about eight years, but utterly false that they have been in the habit of burning six gas jets, three being the most ever used, and that only very seldom. With reference to not having paid anything as rent, Mr. Riggs states that at the time the foundation-stone of the building was laid the band were to have received £4 10a. for their services, but not a penny has yet been paid, and on several other occasions since the band have performed on behalf of the Institute free of charge. At the time the room was granted for practice it was understood that the band were to give their services when required as a return, and not to pay any particular sum as rent. What the members of the band complain of is that they should be charged the same as ordinary persons, when it is well known that their services are always readily given in aid of any charitable object. SWEARING IN COUNCILLORS.—Within 48 hours of the time of nomination those councillors who had been elected without oppositook the required oaths. Sosae doubt having arisen, however/ as to the interpetation of the act as to whether the day of nomination or the day of election was intended, to prevent any difficulty, the unopposed members were again sworn in on Wednesday afternoon. DROWNED IN THE PARA;—On Thursday afternoon another of those shocking accidents which have occurred too often took place in the Para. A little girl named Caroline Louisa Dalby, 9 years of age, while going home to dinner was drowned ; and her elder sister, in attempting to rescue her, narrowly escaped the same fate. The scene of the occurrence was the waterhole at the bottom end of the Recreation Reserve, not very far from the hole where a few weeks ago the boy Willie Short was drowned. Full particulars will be found in the report of the inquest, which was held yesterday. Great praise is due to Mr. Lonsdale for rescuing the elder girl Harriet, and to Mr. T. Bright, who dived repeatedly and recovered the body of the unfortunate deceased. The exertions of the elder sister are also deserving of credit. These deaths by drowning, following so qnickly upon one another, should certainly lead to some straight regulations on the matter. It is absolutely impossible for the teachers to take the sole responsibility, and the recommendation of the jury is worthy of consideration. THE WEATHER.—Summer weather has fairly come in with the closing month of the year. Last Sunday was a very oppressive day in Gawler, exhibiting all the signs of an approaching storm. A shower or two fell, temporally laying the dust, and by evening all signs of stormy weather had cleared. Since then the weather, though warm, has been bright and balmy. Wednesday was so far the hottest day in the season, the thermometer in the shade marking 92". CORPORATION BUNGLING. — One of the most glaring pieces of bungling we have ever heard of has been perpetrated by the Adelaide Corporation in the matter of the tenders for fencing the city squares. Several tenders were sent in, and takingjthe gross amount of the whole work, that of Messrs. J. Martin and Co., of Gawler, was the lowest. A question was raised by the mayor as to the ability of the corporation to afford the cost of the work during one year, and the tenders were held over. In the meantime, some communication passed between Messrs. Martin & Co., aud the mayor, which resulted in the former ottering to make an important reduction in their tender, if allowed to use bluestone instead of granite, and agreeing to extend the time of doing the work over two years, thus making the cost fall upon two years' r:ites instead of one. Now what does the council do. Actually allow the offer to be made public, and then ask the other tenderers what they would .do the work for. As a matter of course the latter cut under Messrs. Martin & Co.'s offer; and Messrs. Fulton & Co., of Melbourne, made a sufficient reduction to enable them to get the job. We do not know how the members of the corporation can call themselves business men after this, and we hope the Mayor of Adelaide will not be quite so proud of them as he seems to have been. The loss to Gawler is considerable, as at least £4,000 would have been paid in wages. VITAL STATISTICS.—The number of births and deaths registered in the district of Barossa during the month ended Tuesday, November 30, is as follows, viz. :—Births —Males, 12 ; females, 14. Deaths—Male, 1; female, 1. Total—Births, 26; deaths, 2. Excess of births, 24. ACTING CHIEF SECRETARY.—The Hon. T, Playford, M.P., has been appointed Acting Chief Secretary during the temporary absence of the Hon. W. Morgan, M.L.C., Chief Secretary, SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY AT WILLASTON.— The anniversary of the Sunday-school at ending the Wesleyan Chapel, Willaston, was celebrated on the 1st insfc. by tea and" public meetings. The tables were amply, provided with the usual good cheer, as was testified by their rapid disappearance under the attacks of the people assembled. After the tables were removed, the meeting was opened by singing and prayer, after which. Mr. Chas. Annells was inducted into the chair. The secretary (Mr. Gwynne) read an elaborate and carefully- written report, detailing the progress of the school, and the necessity for more teachers. He stated that there were 69 children on the roll, with an average attendance in the morning of 3S, and in the afternoon of 34. He also read the treasurer's report, showing that there was a debtor balance due the treasurer of 18s. 3£d. The chairman (Mr. Annells) spoke for some time on the necessity and usefulness of Sunday-schools, and the necessity for fitting the instruction to the capacities of the young. He then called upon Mr. Marsh, who stated that he had for nearly 50 years been connected in one way or other with Sundayschool work, and had seen the value of such institutions. He remembered one, trader the supervision of the Rev. Mr. Burgess, where order and training had been perfected. Where each one was placed at the work for which he was fitted, and from whence many had gone forth—some as class leaders, some as teachers, some as local preachers, and he was not sure but that two or three who had been trained at that school had entered the ministry. Mr. Davies, the next speaker, enlarged upon the subject of charity, and advised the children to put on love as a garment, for other passions were tasteful, and rendered the countenance unpleasant, as they would see if they, would look in the glass when they felt unkindly. Mr. Congreve confined his address to the "young. He said it was the children's anniversary, aud therefore they should have a speech to themselves. The Rev. R. W. Campbell, in an eloquent address, alluded to the quick retribution that was sure to follow acts of siu, illustrating his remarks by anecdotes. He also alluded to the usefulness of Sabbathschools, spoke of their founders, and in conclusien explained how Dr. Guthrie was first led to establish ragged schools, narrating a touching incident in connection therewith. During the evening the children sang several of their hymns in a very creditable manner, under the leadership of Mr. H. Coombe, Mr. Woods presiding at the harmonium. WESLEYAN FOREIGN MISSIONS.—On Sunconnection with the Wesleyan Foreign day, November 28, the annual services in Missions were held in the Wesleyan Church, Gawler, when two sermons were preached morning and evening by the Rev. Mr. Chapman, the secretary to the mission. On Monday evening the annual meeting was held in the same building. An attractive change from the ordinary method of conducting similar meetings was introduced— the procedure being enlivened by the introduction of several sacred songs and choruses, which were exceedingly well rendered by the children connected with the SundayschooL The singing was accompanied by the music of Mr. Riggs's band, and by Mr. Dawkins on the harmonium, and was under the direction of Mr. Limb. The speakers on the occasion were the Revs. Chapman and Campbell—the former gentleman giving a graphic account of the labors of the missionaries, and the progress of the work in the South Seas; while the latter spoke of the decadence of the missionary spirit. He also read a detailed list of the money raised last year in the circuit towards the fund, the total amounting to £45 18s. lid., and said he trusted that this year the amount at least would be no less. WATTLE BARK.—A considerable amount of wattle hark passes every year throngh Gawler en route for Adelaide, where it is disposed of profitably for th-? vendor. On Wednesday three waggon loads were delivered at 'the station, being the first portion of a consignment of about one hundred tons. This bark comes from the scrubby ranges beyond Tanunda. The system adopted is to strip the bark from all trees as they come, young and old alike. This, though profitable at-the present time, will eventually lead to the entire extinction of the industry, unless legislation steps in and proteebfcthe young and growing trees. Iu vii I.HijMfcj wholesale was the destruction of the wittjM that a law was passed regulating the^fptfh^ of trees that were allowed to be .stripped. It will eventually have to be regulated jn the same way here, or the bark will became" so scarce and rise to such a figure that oBoer articles containing the required tannin will; have to be substituted. " T / ' BAND OF HOPE.—The members of the Angle Vale Band of Hope held an entertainment on November 25 at Angle Vale. - There was a crowded attendance, Mr. T. Hatcher presiding. Recitations; duets, solos, and choruses were given by Mrs. Mason; Misses M. Heiaslip, Parr, Ubderdown, and Mason, and Messrs. H. and B.' Heaslip, Parr, Millican, Lindsay,' and J. 'Heaslip. A dialogue, entitled, "The Breach'of Promise Case, was well ,given by Messts.. H.-and _Biv Heaslip and W : =Parr. . The Revv Mr. Masons gave a short address,-and-invited those pre-! sent to join the temperance cause. ' PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHURCH, WARD'S BELT.—Special services in connection with the above church were held on Sunday aiid Monday, the 28th and 29th November. Two sermons were preached on the Sabbath —that in the afternoon'by Rev. Reuben Gile, of Adelaide, Mr. Marsh officiating in the eveniug. The 'congregations' were both large and appreciative. These services were folio wed by a well-attended tea on the Monday, after which a musical entertainment supplied by " ladies and gentlemen from Gawler and Roseworthy proved a source of great enjoyment. Mr. R. -'Congdon acted as organist, while the meeting was presided over by Mr. J. Sparshott, J. P. All the services were decidedly successful. ' EXPORTING BUTTER.—We learn from our Victorian exchanges ^ that " an industry, ' somewhat novel for Collingwood has sprang up in that city. It is, however, only in the experimental stage, and_ its stability caqnot therefore be assured, Mr. Wing, produce, dealer, Peel-street, has entered largely into the butter export trade, his markets being the Cape of Good Hope, India, and England. To the two former places, the batter is for-, warded in hermetically closed tins, weighing 1 lb. to 45 lbs.; to England, it is simply, packed in tubs,, but-is- preserved, on boarl ship by the freezing process,, which costs .thp exporter threepence per pound. About. 70 tons of butter have been shipped to these destinations, and the result is looked forward to with auxiety not only by the enterprising speculator himself, but by all interested in opening up distant .outlets for Victorian' butter. Only the best quality of ..fresh,, butter, principally frons the Lancefielil district, is bought; this is cured, and the curing and packing is done at Mr. Wipg's factory. Little Oxford-street, near Peelstreet." As the present prices here for dairy produce are so unremuneratiye, we recom-.. mend the above to the serious consideration of onxiarmers. , TRAFALGAR HEROES.—On the 2I$t Octoberlast, being the anniversary of; the battlekof. Trafalgar, .88VsraJ.ol<| j^K^j.;; Kor^iea .tn thju number'six-sat xfown-to the dinner tLStud-op the occasion. Three of -them.were admirals,, two> commanders, and one a. lieutenant colonel. They were all midshipmen, at the date of the action, and took an active part, in the fight. They averaged at the date of. the dinner nearly 90 years of age. . ; NEW WHEAT AT SNOWTOWN.—The Wallaroo Times says:—We learn the first new wheat has been brought into Snowtown. ^.It is an excellent sample, weighing 62 lbs. to the bushel. Some fine samples have also been brought to the Adelaide Mills, Wallaroo, from formers adjacent to the town. We were also Bhown yesterday by Mr. T. Heaven a very fine sample of good clean wheat, taken -from his farm near Kadina. CURIOUS COLLISION.—We learn from our Euglish exchanges that an extraordinary collision occurred to a Scotch express train outside Kibworth Station, near Leicester. It appears that something had gone-wrong with the machinery as was evident from a peculiar knocking noise. The driver, -to discover the cause and repair the damage, if any, stopped the train, reversing the gear at the same time. On- discovering that everything was right, he again started the engine without regulating -the driving gear. The consequence was that the train commenced to back. The strangest part of the business is that neither the driver nor stoker noted that they were travelling in the wrong direction until they were stopped by a cmsh. The obstacle in their path proved to be an iron stonie: train that was waiting on the line. The guard "vaai'was knocked off- the line and several carriages were crushed, bat fortunately no ION of life resulted. An enquiry is pending. , . - A CELEBRATED TROTTER.—The -rearing of fast trotting horses is a weakness with the Americans, and they certainly have managed to raise some very quick time-trotters. A Victorian gentleman has just secured one for stud purposes. A Melbourne paper says —"Bocaccio is one of the-most celebrated trotters of the day, and arrived at Sydney on Saturday from San Francisco by the City of Sydney. He is a fine upstanding bright bright brown horse, and though not» very handsome has plenty of "good points for his special business. Bocaccio is by Woodford^ from Rising Star, by Logan (Gayes), 'from a fast trotting mare by Jack. Woodford is by Woodford—Mambrine, fromMalva by Mahomet, from Madame Porter by Orphan Roy." TEMPERANCE MEETING, GAWLER. —; A temperance meeting was held last Saturday evening in the Primitive Methodist Church, and was tolerably attended. The meeting was presided over by the'Rev. H." Mason, aud was addressed by the -Revs. H. J. Daddow and Mason, , and Messrs. E. Gill (who assisted Mr. Burnett in his late temperance campaign in Adelaide^, and Marsh. The cause of temperance .-was earnestly advocated by the speakers, and, in addition, Mr. Gill gave a resume of the work carried on by Mr. Burnett and others, and the results that had attended their labors. During the evening songs taken from Hoyle'a " Band of Hope Melodist" were rendered, Mr. R. Congdon presiding at the organ. ANOTHER LIBEL ACTION.—We learn from the Advertiser that Dr. .McLachlan, of the steamer So rata, has commenced a suit for libel against Mr. E. H. Derrington, proprietor of the Port-Adelaide New*,- for-statements made in the issue of October 9, with reference to the. death of the aged foris woman, a passenger by the Sorata, died at Port Adelaide soon after the : — 3— from the wreck. Messrs.! solicitors for the plaintiff, and laid at £250. THE ENGUSH CIRCUS. -^Exhibitions of performing horses have ever had an attraction for the Australian public. While other entertainments come and go with but poor encouragement, circus people are received with pleasure and depart enriched. Next Friday and Saturday the public of G&wler; will have an opportunity of witnessing the above-namedcircus, which is now on its way overland. It was largely patronised in Sydney, where it performed for lOO nights, and at Ballarat where the season lasted for 33.night8. Such receptions in such places a**&t;?e its worth. The staff consists of """ ' artistes" with 35 horses, besides emumaries. After playing at Gawler ens will-proceed to Adelaide, afterwards returning to Gawler on a tour of the. provinces. " FLJFE UNITES FBIENDLY SOCIETIES 1 DEMON- M&MTON..;—We would Ciil the attention of those 'who have not yet seen them to the prizes that will be contested for on the 28th init., on the ground of Mr.W. Duffield, J.P., Para PAWL It is seldom such a magnificent collection of prises for one day's sport has been offered. . In addition to the handsome articles (works of art. they may br called), large- money prizes will be offered. The total money value of these altogether can be little short of £80. Such enterprise is worthy of -reward, and it is to be hoped that the inhabitants of the district far and near will jnake. a. holiday _pf the day qn. which «ch:eJfccellent»anHJsement. .will .bet provided. Tha prizes are now on view- in the shop -window of Messrs. Jas. Ferguson & Go. It will be .seen by reference to our advertising columns that the entries for the above sports must be in by December 20. PROFESSOR PEPPER'S ESTERTAIKMSTS.— Professor Pepper, of both home and colonial notoriety, has been visiting Gawler with his really good entertainment. Owing to various •causes his success has not been so great as the merits of his .exhibition deserve. Only a short time ago the " Pinafore Juvenile Troupe" drew large houses, this probably Acted, in conjunction with the near approach of the Ghristmas holidays, to close out pursestrings for the present. On each of the three nights of the Professor's performance, the audience though small was appreciative, and testified by frequent applause their gratification. The whole of the programme •aa given on the printed handbills was faithfully'carried out. The spectral illnsions were certainly gool exhibitions of the triumphs of optical science, and the manner in which the spectres gradually faded away, and as gradually reappeared, quite accorded with the "general notions of ghostly visitations. "The Barber Worried by Ghosts" was' performed' on two nights by special ; request, and kept the bouse in a storm of merriment. The " Wonders of the Microscope" were instructive, and the dissolving •views, "Scenes in Afghanistan,""weremany -of them very beautiful. The representation •of statuary, both ancient and modern, gratifiedthe audience, but were passed through rather too quickly. The eye had scarcely titae to grasp the subject ere the group was .gone ana another substituted. The "Shadow Pantomime" was a treat for the youngsters, And tenth to say theold oneswerenotashamed to'laugli. The magnified drop of water, i wTth its large population of lively animals, attracted general attention, and the exertions of the terrified animalcula to escape -when the watet was stirred, quite excited "the youthful portion of the audience. The water - -Was furnished by Mr. Cross, of this town. The exhibition was diversified by the dafacing and singing of Madame Cavalho, afid-'the- whole as -it progressed was lucidly •explained fey Professor Pepgeivwha ^q&otecL; iMgefy'-from Byron', especially during the progress of -•- the' " Artist's"• Dream." The Professor leaves for the north, and it is to be hoped, that his exertions to provide both instrufction and amusement for the public -will prove successful. On Wednesday after- Boon there was a grand matinee for the -children. There were about 250 present, and they testified their delight in their asual noisy uianner. '__- - • 