GENERAL NEWS. A numerously - signed requisition is fhoi tly to be presented to Mr. William Mair, •J.P., asking him to stand as counoillor for New . Glenelg Ward, a district in, which he for many •years resided. It is probable that the Court of Summary Jurisdiction to conduct the enquiry into the stranding of the Sorata will consist of Mr. R. J. i Turner, S.M. (Presiding Magistrate), Oapt. J. (Bickers, J.P., and Gapt. A. McCoy. The city Couhcil sat as a licensing court jon Monday morning, and granted 38 renewal of: slaughtering licenses, 5 being referred to the health officer for inspection. Two applications for new premises -were granted, that of W. 0. Delune was refused, and two were referred to the health officer for inspection. The court 'adjourned for three weeks. The following message was received on 'Monday moroiDg by the Postmaster- General :(Mr. 0. Todd, O.M.G.) from Mr. Little, station master, Port Darwin:—"The s.s. Brisbane re "ported a heavy typhoon in the China Sea on October 15, daring whioh she had one man washed overboard, also lost all her boats and : sails, damaged her steeriag gear, and had to but jbacb. She left again on October 21, and had •heavy weather and very heavy rains on the pas sage down." At about 1 o'clock on Monday morning a fire broke ont at the back of Mr. G. Miller's store, in Waymoath-street. "Very little damage was done, however, the fire being soon extin guished by throwing a few bucketsful of water upon it. The coroner was communicated with, and having made enquiries, did not consider an inquest necessary. A requisition has been forwarded to the authorities to have a cemetery dedicated iu the Hundred of Warraw, in the vicinity of the township of Ooolto. Although not very thiokly populated, deaths will occur, and it is not long since a poor traveller on his way to Port Lin coin died at Coolto, thirty-nine miles from a cemetery, and the kind offices of the station hands were called in request to convey the body to Port Liuooln, that being the nearest burial place. It is hoped that the prayer of .the 'requiaitioniats will be granted. On Monday' morning ah influential, meeting, convened by Councillor Hagedorn.was held in the Town Hall Exchange Room for the purpose of asking His Worship the Mayor (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.) to allow himself to be nominated for the position of mayor for the ensuing year. Mr. J. 0. Bray, M.P., oocupied tbe chair. Several speeches were made in which the hope was expressed that his worship' weald again occupy the mayoral chair, and Mr. Smith having been invited into the room was made acquainted with the wishes of those present. In replying to the meeting he intimated that had he been consulting his own wishes simply he should have had to say no their request, bnt having some rtime .fat his? disposal; and i a desire to see ^tbe city -improved -Sy the carrying ont of the important, works .whioh . had been initiated during i the past year, he would accede to their wishes and stand for the position again. . Having referredat some length to the work which had been accomplished and initiated during his term of office. His worship thanked.those present for the honor ; they had conferred npon him, mid the meeting ^closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. Mr. T. Ward (city coroner) held an in quest on Sunday morning, October 31, at the Joiners' Arms, Hindmarsh,' on the body of Thomas Lane, aged 28, a laborer, who was crashed to death by a large quantity of earth falling on him while workmg at the South Aus tralian Company's brickyard. Bowdeu, on Satur day afternoon, Ootober 30. Mr. Ben. Taylor was chosen foreman of the jury. James Biggot, bricfamaker, of Bowden, said he was working with the deceased. They were undermining some earth. Witness aud deceased were below and two men were above. Heard a cry of "Look out, the fall is coming." Deceased and ; witness ran away. Witness then looked round and saw that deceased was covered with earth. He tried to nncover him, bnt failed. A man named Martin and another man came down, and .they got deceased's head uncovered in about a I minute, when it was found that life was extinct. :It wee twenty minutes before the body was , taken ont. About 30 tons of; earth fell. The width of the chamber they were working was about 30 or 40 feet. Witness had been a brickmaker for fifteen years, and he had never known earth to fall in snoh a way before. TLey had undermined about 2 feet 6 inches, iand did not use props. He had worked in Vic toria, and had undermined 3 feet 6 inohes and jhad not used props. He did not know whether ikept ont of danger. Martin Began, laborer, who : was working with deceased gave similar evidence, (except that he thonght they had undermined about 3 feet. He also said he called out that the earth was falling. The depth of the chamber 'was 20 feet. He had only worked in the brick yard for nine months, and had never done any undermining before. He had been oantioned by the manager (Mr. Turton) as to the way he should work. James Turton,manager of the yard, said that all necessary precautions were taken for the safety of life. He had had thirty- five years' experience at briokmaking. He did not ithink the men had undermined beyond a dis tance of 2 feet 6 inches. Dr. Bees said he ex amined the body, and found that death resulted from fracture of the skull. The body was very much braised all over. It was stated in evidence that deceased, who was a steady man, had left a 'wife and three children in destitute circum stances. The j ury found that the deceased was accidentally killed, and added a rider to the effect that sufficient precaution had not been taken for tbe safety of life in connection with the work. The jnrors returned all their fees for the benefit of the widow of deceased, and the police and others also contributed, making up the amount to £3 19s. A subscription list is to be opened for Mrs. Lane's benefit. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. D. Bower, M.P., H.Thomas, J. M. and J. H. Sin clair, J. Anderson, E. H. Derrington, J.P., J. Wallace, Councillor Mueoke, J.P., Oapfc. J, W. Smith, J.P., and others, waited on Councillor H. W. Thompson, at his office, Port Ade laide, on Monday morning, November 1, end presented the following requisition to i-im with over 200 signatures appended:— "We the undersigned,electors ana ratepayersof Pi rt Adelaide, having watched your career as a Councillor in the Corporation of Port Adelaide . j'or many years, have great pleasure in requesting \ ou to become a candidate for the mayoralty i-hortly to become vacant by the expiration of Mr. Hack's tenure of office. We have every: confidence in your zeal and ability for discharg ing the high office pertaining to that position, and in the event of your acceeding to mr request we pledge ourselves to do our utmost to promote and secure your return." Mr. Bower, in introducing the deputation, said Mr. Hack having announced his intention of resigning from the civic chair, which he had filled with great credit for the past two years, the ratepayers had decided to ask Mr. Thomp son to fill his place. He (Mr. Thompson; had been chairman of the Portland Estate District Council for several years, and he had been a member of the municipal council of Port Ade laide for four years, filling both offices to the entire satisfaction of the ratepayers. Port Adelaide was the metropolitan seaport of South Australia, and it was therefore' important and necessary that it should have an able man for its presiding magistrate. This they knew Mr. Thompson to be, and they believed that if he accepted the position he would carry out his duties to the great benefit of Port Adelaide, and to his own [honor and oredit. Councillor Thompson, in replying, expressed the satisfac tion he felt that his efforts in the pounoil and elsewhere had been appreciated by the rate payers. He had been in Port Adelaide twenty-one years, during half of which time he had occupied various public posi tions, and . it, was exceedingly gratifying to him that his career had gained him the re spect of the burgesses of Port Adelaide. If they did him the honor to eleot him to the position he wonld do his utmost for the town at large, and at the expiration of his term he trusted he would be able to give baok the seals of office as unsullied as they were at present. He then occupied no other official position, so that he could give all his time to the duties of the office, and with the assistance of the gentle men who would he associated with him in the council, he had no doubt that he would be able to carry them out satisfactorily. (Hear, hear.) He then formally accepted the invitation. Councillor Mueoke briefly testified to the zeal and ability Councillor Thompson had dis played in the counoil, and called for three cheers, which were heartily given. The following is a record of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Saturday and the same hour on Monday •— Yam Creek ... Pine Creek ... Tennant Creek Laura Kooringa ... Farreli's Flat... 0'020 Clare ... Auburn Maitland Eapunda Tanunda Gawler Stansbury Adelaide : Mr. W. Quin, late 'member of the House of Assembly for Port Adelaide, returned to the colony by the Atjeh on Sunday. It will be remembered that Mr: Quin resigned his seat in Parliament in order totake.a sea voyage for the benefit of his health. He'has since been to Java and back, but we are sorry to say that his trip has not resulted in the desired improvement of his health. ; ' A butcher named John Murray, in the employ of Mr. Freer, of the Semaphore, had his leg broken at Port Adelaide on Saturday, October 30, by a cart falling on him. The Gawler Bunyip understands that Mr. G. N. Anderson, the tioket clerk who was suspended pending an investigation into his books and acoounts,has paid.up all money due o the Government according to his books. > , A deputation waited on Councillor H. W. Thompson this morning at Port Adelaide to ask him to allow himself to be nominated as mayor of the district for the ensuing year. In the afternoon a memorial will he presented to Mr. J. Wallace, asking him to come forward as councillor for Eastward. We are informed by Messrs. Harrold Brothers that the St. Vincent, whioh sailed from Port Adelaide for London on Friday, Ootober 29, took a general cargo of wheat, wool, bark, and tallow. The City of Adelaide, of the same, line, sailed on October 31 from Port Augusta' with 150 tons .of copper ore, 80 tons of wheat, and 3,620 bales of wool. On Sunday afternoon, October 31, the annual flower service was held in the Hind marsh-square Congregational Church. There was a fair attendance. The church was very prettily decorated, and the school children con tributed their quota to the general floral dis play. Addresses on flowers were given by the ,Bevs. R. M. Hunter and F, W. Cox, and the children sang a number of; hymns in a pleasing manner. The flowers used in connection with the service were afterwards taken to the Hos pital, and no Jdoubt they will be greatly appre ciated by the inmates of that institution. We take the following paragraph from the European Mail\—"It is not without 'feeling of regret that the friends of Mr. Josiah Boothby at home have learnt the result of the enquiry into his expenditure at the Paris Exhi bition. We are told that the committee are of opinion that the Auditor-General and Under 0-220 Mount Barker... 0-065 0540 Willunga 0-090 0025 Gape Borda ... 0-030 0-015 PorfeEUiot ... 0040 0-020 Goolwa o-oio 0-020 Meningie .... 0-070 0040 Kingston 0170 0*080 Kobe 0-110 0055 Border Town... 0-040 0080 Narracoerte ... 0-203 0080 Lucindale 0-190 0 090 Penola 0-250 0*100 Millicent 0200 o-oio , Secretary have acted in almost unwarrantable ' ana1improper manner, the one in drawing, and the other in passing payment of the warrant fcr £1,500. It would be curiousto know what ther expenses of the other" commissioners' were. Certainly £1,500 seemB a large sum for personal expenses during the time the exhibition was open, bnt it mustjbe remembered that Mr. Bpothjby was, tbeExeqjltive Commissioner of a very ifnpo'rtant ~colOny7"and we are quite sure there would have been as great, if not a greater, . outcry had the representative of South Australia acted in a manner that would have led English and American visitors, to look nppn the colony ' as poor and mean; or in any way inferior to its rivals." . , The city coroner held an inquest at the Fort Admiral Hotel Port Adelaide, on Saturday morning, October 30, on the body of Donald McCartney, a boy, aged about seven years, who was accidentally killed on the previous day. Mr. G. Hill was foreman of the jury. Alexander Craib, a little boy, said he was playing with two boys in a two- wheeled dray in a yard on North parade when deceased came behind and com menced swinging on the back of the vehicle. Went to the edge of the dray to look over when it tipped up and pitched him and his companion out, without hurting them. Then saw deceased lying down on his back, with the edge of the cart on his stomach. Immediately pulled the cart into position, took deceased from under it, and left him in the hands of his father. There was a little rope swing on the back of the dray, on which boys need frequently to play. Fanny McCartney, sister of deceased, who watched the accident from a window, corroborated. Ann McCartney, mother of deceased, said she saw the boy just after the accident, and about fifteen minutes before he died. Asked him how he came to be hurt, and he said "Sandy," meaning Alexander Craib. Catherine Aldred, lodginghouse-keeper, said the dray belonged to her, and was in her yard. Had tried by every means in her power to keep children from playing on it, but without avail. Dr. Curtis said he was called to see deceased on Friday evening. On examination he found that serious injury to the abdomen had been, unstained, causing great pain. The boy died a few minutes after witness had examined him. Death was caused by internal hemorrhage. A verdict of accidental derth was returned. Mr. Matthew Burnett held his second temperance mass meeting at Port Adelaide on Saturday evening, October 30. There were about 1,300 persons present. The chair was taken by jMr. B. H. Derrington, J.P., who was accom panied on the platform by Mr. Burnett, Mr. J. B. Stephens (hon. secretary), the Bevs. S. Ray mond, B. Kelly, J. Bamber, A. Stubbs, J. Price, and others. In opening the meeting the chairman said he had heard it stated in various quarters that Mr. Burnett was influenced by monetary motives in carrying on his temperance work, and that he was making a good thing ont of it. He (the speaker) had gone to some trouble in enquiring into the matter, and he could tell them that Mr. Burnett did not receive one farthing for his work, bnt that he was car rying it on for the sole purpose of reclaiming the drunkard. The Bev. S. Baymond then made a loDg speech on the temperance question. He made some unfavorable comments on the Adve)'' User's opinions on the snbjeot, though he con sidered some praise was due to it for its full and impartial reports of Mr. Burnett's meet tings. Mr. Gill, amidst much cheeriDg, gave an amusing.temperance address, which was inter spersed with many anecdotes and bits of poetry. Mr. Burnett also made a long speech. He severely condemned those " who had been look ing into his private affairs, with which they ;bad nothing to doand referring to those who stated that he was working for remuneration he said he would tell them once for all that never in the course of his public career had he re ceived one farthing for his labors in the tempe rance cause, and he woqld give £50 to the chair mar. to be divided amongst the local obaritable institutions if any one could prove that he had done so. He considered that such statements were insulting to him, and he trusted he would lear no more of them. (Hear, hear.) Selections of music were given at intervals.by the band and choir in attendance. On Sunday afternoon Mr. Burnett gave a long address on the steamers' wharf to a large congregation. In the evening Mr. Burnett preached in the VVesleyan Ohurohon "The pale horse and his rider." The church was fall - to overflowing, and at the prayer meeting whioh followed the service the building was also filled. Thn total nnmber of pledges taken at Port Adelaide since Mr. Bur nett's arrival is 670. The following resignations have been ap proved of by the Minister of Education:— From December 31, Richard .H, Jar man, head teacher, Fort MaoDonnell; Theodore Niehuus, head teaoher, Eudunda; Kate A. Whitridge, third assistant teacher. Central Model School; Charlotte Davie, first assistant teaoher, Kapunda. From October 9, Mary Elliott tem porary assistant teacher, -Gawler. From September 30, Clara Walters, pupil teaoher, Mount Barker. From December 31, Lucratia Crutchett, pupil teaoher, Moonta; Mary Le Galley, monitor, Nailsworth. The fol lowing appointments have also been ap proved of by the Minister:—From October 25, Samuel Small, head teacher, Kil kerran. From October 18, Annie E. Hinsley, temporary assistant, Gawler. From July 1, Josiah Rogers, provisional. teacher, Barunga. From October 1, Carl Lammel, provisional teacher, Totliill's Belt; David B. Gardner, pro visional teaoher, Gurramulka. From August 9, Annie M. Mitchell, provisional teaoher, Saltia. From October 1, Maria Newell, provisional teaoher, Hindmarsh Island; Ada J. Archer, sewing-mistress, Wilmington; Annie Laurie, monitor, Kulpara. From September 1, Jane Simpson, monitor, Wasleys. From August £1, Emily Ekers, monitor, Angle Yale. From Sep tember 1, JohnH. Inglis, monitor, Georgetown. From November 1, Caroline Snook, pupil teacher, Kingston! From January 1, Henry J. Armitage, pupil teacher; Isabella B. Herring, Julia A. Murfitt, and Flora F. Nason, pupil teachers, Norwood Model School. From May 1, Edith L. Gulley, pupil teacher, Strathalbyn. From April 1, Ellen Pjne, pupil teaoher, Lefevre's Peninsula. From October 1, Jane Lindsay, pupil teaoher, Lefevre's Peninsula. From October 1, Emily Priest, teacher, East Adelaide Model School. From April 15, Agnes S. Hendry, pupil teaoher, East Adelaide "Model ; Sobool. Fiom October 1, Susan M. Gassob. From January 1, Alfred A. Glastonbury, Frederiok N. Leak,Catherine Ro we, and Ida Williamson, pupil teacherB, North Adelaide Model School. From July 1, Sarah A. Glastonbury, pupil teaoher, Gawler. From January 1, Alice Ekers, pupil teacher, Hindmarsh; Thomas Ro berts, pupil teacher, Hindmarsh; Robert J. iNeale, pupil teaoher, Kapunda; Amelia E. Field, pupil teacher, .Mount Gambier From January 1, Edith G. Keen, pupil teacher, Mconta; Edward J. Oates, pupil teacher, Moonta; Emma Coatee, pupil teacher, Moonta Mines. From July 1, Richard Sutton, pupil teaoher, Moonta Mines. From February 1, Mary J. Tonkin, pupil teaoher, Moonta Mines. From January 1, Walter Trezise, pupil teaoher, Moonta Mines. From February 1, Hannah Sutcliffe, pupil teacher, Fort Adelaide. From May 1, Annie M. Sohroeder, pupil teacher, Wal laroo Bay. From . January.. 1, Theodore L. |Bosch, pupil teacher. Central Model School; Albert Noontage, pupil teaoher, Central Model i School. From November 1, Alethea A. Mander, pupil teaoher, Goodwood. From February 1, Annie Hotson, pupil teaoher, Kingston. From October 1, Louise Kayser, pupil teacher, Lyn doeh. From January. 1, Henry H. Davie, pupil 'teacher, Stirling East. The adjourned meeting of the South" ! Australian 'Poultry Society is to be held this evening at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel. A public meeting - is to held in the Port Adelaide Town Hall this evening for the pur pose of taking steps for the holding of a regatta on New Year's Day. The annual athletic sports in connection with the Kensington Football Club were held on the Kensington Oval on Saturday. The various events were well contested. Tea and public meetings will be held in the Primitive Methodist ohurbb,Rosewater, this evening. Previous to the tea Mr. Matthew Burnett will deliver an address. To-day is the last day on which Mr. C. J. Coates, the hon. secretary to the South Aus tralian Commission for the Melbourne Exhi bition, can receive entries for wool for that exhibition. Garner's Theatre was well attended on Saturday night, when Professor Pepper gave another of his very popular ghost entertain ments. The various scenes were greatly appre ciated by those present. We have received Mr. Williams's pocket diary for the ourrent month. The current month's number of The Bough Ashlar, the Freemasons' organ of South Australia, has been forwarded to us. 