A SHADOWY STORY. A. tale of the hush rebellion of '98. In Four Chapters. — Chapter IIL \Gor.dudtiL\ -Miss JDecroy turned as pale as death ; aa did her sister, who sank into a seat, apparently overcome by the shock; but Madame Decroy said in her firmest, nay etemest tones : "Search, sir ! I ask no immunity for my honse. I wait the day when it ehall be given to the flames, ae have been so many honees in which their owners dared to find shelter. Your chiefs have been patient longer thanl expected." Sate tamed her pale face and scared eyes appealingly to her mother, as if to remind her how nnwise it was to irritate a soldier ; bnt the look was unheeded. Merely bowing in answer to Madame Decroy'e .remarks, Weetbnry addressed himself to the sisters, and hurriedly explained What he proposed to da On the information he had received, he was compelled to search the Honse ; he had no alternative ; bnt he wished to do eo with as little inconvenience as possible. The Honse was broad and deep ; it stood upon a large square of ground ; bnt it waB not lofty, nor had it many apartments above. Nor were there any underground kitchene or cellars. West- bury said he wonld go up with no one but the sergeant to examine the rooms, and that upon their return his men shonld go into the rooms and offices beyond the hall. No assent was given, but no objection was made to this plan, which was forthwith carried out. The two mibtaa-men again " stood at ease" at the door, so that the front of the Honse was efficiently guarded ; and as has previously been explained, the sides and rear were also under surveillance. All was silent and dark above. Not only was there no ohe to be discovered, but there were no signs of any one hav ing recently been there ; no chair was out of place, no bed disordered, as wonld have been the case had any fugitive been disturbed from bis easily broken slumbers. In fret, Dickies spoke for both when he said I don't believe there's no one here, or." Believed more than he cared to shew, Westbnry descended, the men rousing themselves when he appeared, as though they felt that now indeed they shonld be wanted. "Yon will take the men with you, Dicklea," said the officer, " and go over the rooms at the back. — Shot the door, men." The door was closed, and the men came forward. Now, the great staircase spoken of sprang from one side of the hall, and at its foot a passage ran straight to the back of the honse ; bnt half-way a strong door shot off the rear premises, and this door, either from habit in the troublous times, or for the more prosaic reason of its keeping ont the dranght, was always kept shut. Of course it was now opened ; and the sergeant, still bear ing the light, led the way, closely followed by the soldiers. As the last man passed the door, Westbnry advanced to close it. The great lamp which swnng and flared in the hall, threw its- glare upon the staircase and upon the door, as Westbury swnng it to. He pushed it close, bnt as he did so, recoiled with an exclamation of momentary surprise and alarm, for the shadow of a man, huge and distorted, es shadows often are, fell upon the door juBt in front of him. It was gone in an instant. For another instaut the Lieu tenant, recovering himself thought the : startling shade was his own ; bnt at once he knew it to be impossible, and glanced swiftly round. The gronp was still at the stair- foot ; and as Westbnry turned his face, with a now stern expression upon it, he could not help seeing a wild look, a look bf consternation, on each of tho faces which met his own. Again was the hue of Miss Rate's cheeks pale to ghastliness ; and as the officer threw a rapid glance aronnd the hall, their eyes followed. He approached the ladies. "Yon will remember that T have not yet searched the dining-room," he said. (This was On tbe aide of the hall opposite to his little sitting-room. " I must do tuis. You can see that I have no choice." Madame Decroy bowed without speak ing, then moving forward, herself threw wide open tho door of the chamber. There was a light burning there, but the room was empty. No living thing was to be seen or heard within it After a brief but close search, Westbury came into the hall baffied and not a little disconcerted — the women eagerly watch ing his every movement. Presently, upon hearing the returning steps of his men, he glanced up the broad stairs, as if hesitating whether again to ascend them or not. In fact, be was npon the point of doing so, when a short gasping exclamation startled -him, asd he saw Miss Decroy reel as though abont to fall. She had fainted : and Westhnrv springing towards her, caught her in bis arms just as Dickies and his satellites re-entered the hall to report that all was qniet at the back of the house. This incident led to' confusion for a time. Westbury carried the insensible girl to the dining-room, an act which enlisted the sympathies of Madame Decroy and Mrs. Claridge in - his behalf He would fun have lingered longer with them ; but duty compelled him to withdraw for the purpose of dismissing the men, Dickies giviDg it as his final conviction, that O'Flynn was as bad as Mullany ; and that Squire Decroy had not been within a day's march of fioreen for a month past : and that in point of fact he must be in France, as every one had always believed him to be. As the outer door swnng after bis subordinate, Westbnry turned and moved irresolntely towards his sitting room; then glancing across the hall, and seeing that the door of the dining-room . was open, he mastered up sufficient courage to inquire after Miss Decroy. He found her sufficiently recovered to sit up. She smiled faintly when she saw him ; but with this smile there was, as there had previously been, an expression which was difficult to understand — a terror, a wild- ness, winch in some atr≱ way was reflected on the faces of "her mother aud sister. Westbury said a few words expressive of his regret at having thus .disturbed them"; but . Madame Decrny interrupted iiiai : " Not a -word of appl 'gy ig. needed; sir ; we are and ought to :1>. tijas'Aful that : fortune has placed a geutisinan of humanity and delicacy in your.., position. .. We >are.yoar grateful debtore." -'Thero ' was all old-fashioued formality aboot tliis 'brief speech, which to a great extent agreed with the old lady's style, and the Lieutenant -felt that he was on a better footing with the family than he had ever been before. Secretly satisfied with this advance, he left them, to pass a solitary hour or two in his own room undisturbed, if Fate shonld so permit; and no more alarms shonld occur that night Taking down one of his few books, he sought to com pose himBelf for a quiet bnt ineffectual spellat reading. The shadows haunted him — worse because they were shadows, and nothing more. He could not help thinking that there was something very mysterious about the affair. Twice repeated ; there was the strangest part ! Perhaps he ought to report it. But then, what had he to report f Was he to say he had seen a ghost ! And if not, what was he to say he had seen! The Lien- tenant affected to laugh a little laugh aloud sb this idea crossed his mind ; yet he was perfectly aware even while he did so, that he felt it to be an inexplic able and ominous business, which was in reality anything but a laughing matter. Bead as hard as he would, concentrate his mind as hemight, his thoughts would soon wander, and instead of the pages of his book, he beheld the distorted outlines of the gigantic shadow which had twice thrown" itself so strangely before him. " I believe — I am sure," he at length exclaimed, " that it was the same shadow. A plague npon the thing 1 Now that I recall it, I ajn almost sure I could recog nise the outlines !" So strongly did the idea poasess him, that he was at last fun oim nn the attemnt at reading as hopeless; and not wishing again to intrude on the family, eonght to compose ids nerves by another saunter in the open air ; and so once more he fonnd himself; patrolling the road outside. Nor was he alone in this task; the moon was now fitful ; at one moment obBcnred by clouds, leaving the night utterly dark, the next shining brilliantly, for she was near her fall, and rendering everything' aronnd nearly, as visible as by day. By these glimpses of light; he saw here and there the men who watched the road through the villiage, a watch which of conrse was maintained all night long ; while in the centre of the miserable hamlet; a doll light, which shone dimly through the red parlour- curtain of the poor hostel, shewed where the head quarters of the detachment kept their vigils. As the moon vanished behind a huge clond, her last rays shewed him — or lie imagined so — a group of three or four persons standing beneath a tree on the road side. He advanced towards the spot, and now he certainly heard a step in the darkness coming towards him. His hand moved towards the hilt of his sword ; bnt he smiled at his precaution the next moment, as he recognised the broad figure of Biddy Quin. " Good-evening, Biddy," said the officer. " Was there any one with you just now?" "Wid me, yer honour?" returned Biddy. " Sure; an' there's not a sowl to be seen betwix this an' the houses on the hill, an' it's meself that's walked all the way in." ' What ! since I saw yon at Boreen House !" said Westbury. " Av coorae. An' Why not f' said Biddy. " Wid a night like this, an' that blessed moon, it's a short half-hour there. I'm glad to see yer honour, for it's un grateful ye've beenthinkiug me, by raison of me niver tellin' ye bow thankful me an' the childer was" " Oh, never mind that, Biddy," inter rupted the officer. " I have been repaid, yon know ; you must thank the ladies at the Honse, not me." But Biddy's eloquence and gratitude WCL6 UUb 111 UQ tv UO WAtlUgUlOUVUj a- LI VI she peraistedin enlargiogupontheofficer's generosity, walking towards the village all the while, until, to get rid of her, Westbury turned abruptly towards the House, and left her in the midst of her florid thanksgivings. Even then he did not fairly escape nntil he was stauding in the hall, for the woman followed him to the door, and as he somewhat rudely shut it in her face, he heard these last words : " An' it's meself an' the two sick childer will niver forgit" Half amused, -half annoyed, Westbury repaired to his room, having had a far shorter stroll than he had intended ; while Biddy — who might naturally be supposed to feel hart at having her fall flood of gratitade rolled back upon her self — went away with actually a smile upon her face. This smile was not altogether one of forgiveness ; there was atriumphantand very knowing look with it ; and strangely enough, Biddy, who had been but five minutes before so anxious to get home to her children, and had walked slowly and heavily, as a woman tired by a long and hurried walk would do, now strode swiftly off at a pace indeed that many a man might antrr and wtlof. ttrafi atfin nfxnnorA sllA retrod the road she came. The next morning dawned in rain — a steady persistent rain, which continued with little intermission throughout the day and indeed for several days to come. No sonlwho wasnot absolutely compelled to be out was seen in tbe half-liquid street of Boreen ; even tbe pigs, which had seemed to defy every variety of weather previously, now deigned to seek the shelter of cart-sheds, or what was still better and more customary, the interior of the cottages. Yet bad as the weather was, Westbnry gladly welcomed the hours when he went his rounds, muddy andrain-beaten though he speedily became ; for the ennui of sitting alone all day was now becoming intolerable. Sleeping, smoking and reading he had tried, and exhausted them all, pretty nearly exhausting himself as well. There was a short break in the monotony when the household met at dinner ; bnt even although Westbnry fancied there was a little more kindness in the tone in which he was addressed, and althongh he endeavoured to start some kind of con versation by inquiring after Miss Decroy's health, yet -no great extension of the sitting came of the attempt. Indeed, when be shewed some desire to prolong his stay with them, the same half-wild, half-terrified expression, which he remembered so well from the previous evening, came over the young lady's face. Puzzled by tbis, and quite ui able to divine what he was doing to cause such a change, the Lieutenant withdrew, ao.-l passed a few more dreary hours in li' sanctum. On that night, happily — so ho thmj . of it — Miss Kate was his visitor. Tii impulse was beyond Ins power to resist. "Ah, MisB Decroy," he exclaimed, "yon are like a ray of sunshine breaking into the dull cell of a prisoner." This was the first time he had ever ventured upon anything so florid ; aud he looked so confused at liis own temerity, that the girl gave way to the nDwonted enthusiasm of the moment in a silvery laugh. " Why, I thought it was only we Irish that were romantic and poetic in onr language," returned Miss Elate ; bnt that seems quite a delation. I never had so complimentary a speech directed to me before." " I really must beg your pardon," said Westbury, still more confused. "I feel I ought not to do so ; bnt— bnt I could not help it, Miss Decroy, and that must be my excuse. I had been so nneasy and dull here ; within and without, all so wretched, that when yon appeared it was as if the son or moon were rising" — "Nay, nay," interposed the young lady ; " this is growing more poetical still In apite of appearances, I shall have to believe that yon are as truly Irish as — as Biddy Quin herself. The comparison may be allowed to prove that I am native and " She Btopped here ; and Westbury hav ing broken the ice, mnstered fresh courage. " Pray, finish the quotation, Miss Decroy. Bnt yon most forgive me if £ say one thing more." The girl looked an inquiry and her permission. " The greatest prejudice I have noticed since I have been in the country, Miss Decroy, is the universal prejudice of its people in believing that the English dm nrAindiced Acrainat them." That a prejudice !" exclaimed the girl, her large dark eyes opening to the widest in her astonishment. -".Certainly," returned the Lieutenant quickly ; " aud a most mistaken una There are hosts of Englishmen who admire Ireland, and — and the Irish people, more than they can easily express — more than the tongue" " I ain sure I shall never cherish the equally mistaken prejudice as to the English being matter of fact or prosaic," interrupted Miss Decroy, as she moved towards the door. " I feel that the Milesian reputation for flowery discourse ja obtained on false pretences, and most be restored to the Saxons." With this she was gone ; and had a veritable sun beam quitted the room, it could not have seemed more changed and doll to its occupant. More rain, more yawning ; a visit from the corporal with his report; no thing afresh ; more rain— itjhad never left off raining — more yawning, nntil at last ten o'clock came. There were no chimes in Boreen, no booming chnrch clock to' annonnce the time ; bnt that it was ten o'clock Westbury knew, by referring to his bulky watch ; and heartily glad was he to find it late enough to justify him in going fairly to bed. fiising, therefore, with one tremendous yawn, which seemed to expend the reserved force of fifty that he had recently checked and strangled, he was moving slowly towards the hall, when his ear caught the nnnsual sound of a horse approaching. Another instant and he could hear the plash of hoofs through the rain-pools ; then — as he knew from the first it would be — the rider halted ; there was a short pause, during which he heard voices, and then came a heavy knock at the door. As he was standing in the hall, and knew right well of what kind the visitors must be. he did not hesitate to open the front door; and there sure enough stood Dickies, hi6 gray greatcoat streaming with wet, his forage cap soaked. Just behind him was a horseman, a soldier also, as his capacious cloak testified. " Despatches, sir, from C ," said Dickies briefly. The rider threw up his 2-tnnsJ v.x n OH ill to tllAn fill 3 kill 17 the wet from his huge cloak as he moved it, handed a packet to the officer. " Do ynu go on farther ?" asked West bury, as be broke the seal, noticing that the soldier gathered up his bridle-rein, as a man about to Btart. " Yes sir," replied the trooper ; " we mean to have 'em to-night. I don't mind a good wetting once more, to catch the thieves, for I've had many a soaking for nothing through them." " Oh, that's it, is it ? said the officer, and then hurriedly glanced over his letter. — "Torn the whole of tbe men out at once, Dickies," he continued ; " lose no time. Call for me hereiu half an hour." The trooper, who had lingered for a moment, threw up his hand to his soaked cap again, and then piatiied off through the mad and rain. " I thought as much, sir," said Dickies, with something like a groan. " Mullany said the French sloop was to be off the coast to-night or to-morrow, and there's to be a regular rush for her. But the chain will be complete this time, and we shall have them. I gave tbe men a hint, sir, aud we ehall be here within the half. hour." " llo imn know thfl route ?" asked Westbury. " Yes sir," replied the other ; " a little different from our former ones. I expect the detachments from Longhie and Five Hills will take the bog lines, as we are to keep tbe lower road. Mullany has gone to Loughie." " Be sharp, Dickies !" said the officer, as he closed the door gently, to avoid disturbing tbe house. As he did so, a slight creaking noise attracted his atten tion ; he paused with the door in his hand, watcbfnl and listening. The sound was not repeated ; he had hardly supposed it wonld be, for he had distinctly recognised it as -the soft closing of a window. "They are on the alert," muttered Westbury as he returned to hie room. " It's as well our expedition takes place to-night ; if it were to-morrow, we might not be first upon tbe road/' His' preparations were soon made ; he buckled his cloak with a sigh as he heard the ceaseless patter of the rain ; for he had had quite sufficient experience in travers ing the by-roads in Ireland, to know what was before him. Chapter the last. In less than the appointed rime Dickies arrived at the head of some two and- twenty men, looking sombre enough in their gray overcoats ; so without delay, and giving the commaud in a low tone, Westbury set off on his dreary patrol. Tbe night was pitch dark ; it was long past the hour when the inhabitants of Boreen were accustomed to retire ; amf so far as the Lieutenant could judge, ten a soul was aware of the departure «f th<- detachment. Yet a feeling hung ah.ni him, a curious conviction that, in sp1'- of the utter silence and darknes-, sudi was not the case ; and as he left, he threw a last glance at fhe upper windowB of Boreen House, remembering the suspicions creaking he had heard half an hour earlier. Now, however, nothing was to be heard or seen ; and in a few seconds the last cottage was lost in the gloom, and the men plodded slowly along the miry road. When five weary miles had been traversed, the party" Were brought to a sudden halt, by a front halloo at some little distance behind them. It was repeated nearer and nearer. Westbnry was in donbt whether to answer or not ; it might be a messenger for them, or it might be a messenger in connection with a very different party, and as by remaining silent be might discover something bearing; on the object of the expedition, he did not return the hail. Directly afterwards, however, another shout followed, and this time they could hear — — th, halt !" The number of the 1 regiment to which the handful of regulars -belonged being very correctly given, the haloo was retained ; then the soaridof a man plashing through the water in the hollow was heard, followed by a figure which came panting np the slope. "Who goes there ?" wsb the challenge given by Dickies. "Be the powers, but it's 'who goes there' (indade," said a voice. " Sure iris meself ; an' a mighty fine ran Fve had afther yeas all the way from the Big Bock of Drome, and got drownded intoirely in the bogs." "Well, who are yon, and what do want with ns ?" interrogated Westbury. "It's the Leftbenant Westbury I'm wantinfT." TAnlifid thfi Man. "Iam Lieutenant Westbnry. Now Bay yonr business, and who yon are." "Me name is Mike — Mike Booney, yer honour," said the Btranger ; bnt ye'll know" the man that tint me. I'm from Dennis Mullany; an' ifs a deariy earnt half guinea I'll have for this night's work." " Mullany !" exclaimed Westbnry, roosed at hearing the name of their principal scoot " What does he say ?" "He see," resumed the man, "that ye're not to go on wid yer men to the rondyvoo, bnt to go as quick as ye can to Hoggerty's Mill ; an' then, if ye've" lack, ye'll nab: five or six of the proclaimed' boys — rale golden birds." "Where is Hoggerty's Mill ?" said the Lieutenant. " Are yon to tirew ns the way!" " Sure, no, yer honour," replied the messenger. " Fm to get back to Dennis as fast as my tin toes will carry me." " Here's a man who knows Hoggerty's Mill, sir," said Dickies. " He say's it's abont three miles away, down a lane which tarns off just here." "Bnt how am I to know that this man is not deceiving ns?" said the Lieutenant. "Mullany. may know nothing at all about "him." These words were uttered in a very low voice, but the messenger's ears were quick enough to catch them. - "Be gorral bat its roight intoirely ye are, sir," said the man; "and it's meself that's the fool for not giving ye the token. See here now! here's Dennis Mnllany's own stick. He saw me at Longhie ; an' it's right straight across thim bogs from Longhie to this; an' there's not a boy in the barony bnt meself could cross 'em at noight. Ses Dennis : Give this to his ihononr, an' thin he'll know ye're from me. If ye don't be me faith, ye'll be shot." "It's his stick, snre enough," said Dickies, taking it from the man. "I have seen Mullany with it a score of times, and we know he's with the Longhie detachment. I suppose it is all right" "There's the road, yer hononr," said the messenger, pointing in a direction at right angles with the track they were nnranintr tc fitlf? nnw "Pll hft flff Wid VAf honours lave." He turned and walked slowly from them, as if waiting to see them off The soldiers crossed the miry track which was called a road, and guided by one of their number, entered on a by way for worse than any of the ground tbey bad yet traversed. " I don't half like this,' said the Lieutenant, as they started. I believe that fellow is still watching ns, or listening to ns from the bank where we left him. I will question him again. — Go on with the men, Dicklea I will overtake you directly." So saying, Westbury recrossed the road, and Dickies heard him call to the scout ; then the sergeant-major plunged fairly into the lane, and waa soon ont of reach of his voice. The Lieutenant was right in his conjecture, for as he crossed the road he heard the messenger commence to ran. He shonted to him ; . but the man did not stop, and - Westbury -dashed after him. Although a fast runner, yet being embarrassed by his heavy cloak, he did not gain much upon the man, who, however, was evidently close to bim, though invisible in the darkness. This 'confirmed the officer in the belief that some treachery was afloat, so drawing a pistol from Ids belt, he cried : "Stop ! or I fire I" " We'll see abbot that !" exclaimed a voice close — appallingly close— to him ; and in an instant he was grasped by several men, while as swiftly a cloth of some kind was thrown over his head, effectually preventing him from giving an alarm. "Bring him along,' said the voice. " Take him to the Captain." " Better send two or three pikes into him," "said another voice, " and have dope wid him." " Hold yonr tongue " said the first voice. " Tbis is the officer, and some thing like a prize." While this colloqny was proceeding, Westbury was being dragged over some rough ground, and too well knew that in the darkness there was now little chance of his men finding him, even if they made a search. The journey did not last long; in abont ten minutes they halted ; the covering was taken from his face, and then Westbury could Bee that they were standing in front of some kind of building. He beard a door open, but all was so dark he could make out nothing distinctly. "What force had yon with yon, and where did you expect to meet tbe other detachments?" demanded smue one, whose voice the Lieutenant had . not p, eviously hea>d darwiy," Momwl W»x»hury firmly, 4 that you kii iw quite as well as I <1-< ; »ut if j nu «!» not, . m w>U »«i» from me." I) v«l If » !' the other. "I don't know, neither do I care," retorted Westbnry." " Then I have done with yon," said the speaker, and tamed away. Some angry exclamations which followed, the clashing of weapons, and a stir among those aronnd him, told Weetbnry that he was in imminent peril, and he momently expected to feel the thrust of the deadly pike, _ One 'man, with a leap arid a yell came eo close that even in ths darkness Westbury could eee him plainly. "This is for the English redcoat !" he shonted, and raised his arm. The next instant most have been the soldier's last; but a cloaked figure rushed between them, and a voice, a woman's voice, sounding wonderfully familiar, exclaimed: 41 No;- ye don't, Fat! If ye harmm a hair of his head, be the powers, I'll est the boys on ye that mil stretch ye low enough' !" " Pike him ! Finish him 1" broke from several of those aronnd, mingled with oaths in English and Irish ; bnt there was evidently a strong-party opposed to violence, although in this case only, as it seemed from the words : " Ye may pike ivery redcoat in the counthry, an' glad we'd be; bnt this is a dacent kindly man, wid a gentle tongue an' an open hand." These were the arguments used, and it seemed to Westbnry that blows were struck, so great : was the confusion, as at last he fonnd himself in the centre of a gronp, homed away he knew not whither. Not a word was spoken formally two hours. He conld not in the least recog nise the country they were traversing ; Vint en he conld hear with increasing ' loudness tbe dnll booming of the sea, he knew they were approaching the coast. Then they halted. Again he fonnd they were close to some building; then two men seising Mm by the arm, led him into a barn, for' enoh it proved to be, and closed the door instantly behind him. The long tiled was dimly lighted by three or four candles, which smoked and guttered in the draughts; and by their glare he conld -distinguish some ten or twelve men, all armed, while at a farther corner was a group only just virible in the gloom. Under one of the rude clay sconces, Westbury'e conductors halted in front at some men who seemed to be of higher rank; and one of his guard said: This is Lieutenant West bnry, of the — — th, captured to-night on his march to the Boreen rendezvous." " What do we want of English officers here ?" returned one of those addressed, in the harsheBt 'tones. " I thought the boys from Drome knew better what to do with them." "So they do," returned the man; bnt they won't allow this one to be hart." At this moment; engrossed as West- billy's' attention Was by this conversation, he codld not repress a start when a shadow— which- even at the- moment reminded him of the distorted figure he had twice seen at Boreen Honse — fell athwart the spot whereon he stood. " So then, Lieutenant Westbury has been unfortunate enough to be taken in the toils," said a voice. The Lieutenant looked round, bnt only saw a cloaked figure in a slouched hat, which so concealed his features that Westb'tuy conld not jndge whether he bad ever seen the figure before. " Yes," replied the harsh voice ; " and why they did not leave Mm on the bog is more than I can understand." " Never mind that, Connell," said the cloaked figure. " Enough blood has been shed without Ms. — I now promise Mr. Westbnry perfect safety. He must consent to remain nnder restraint" " You, Decroy ! You, at all men !" exclaimed the other. " I shonld sooner have expected to find myself guaranteeing the life of an English cut-throat." "That matters not: I will that it shall be so," said Mr. Decroy as we mast now call him, " and you will now please to obey. — Mr. Westbury," he continued, addressing the officer, "I meet you only to thank yon, and bid yon fare well. I leave for France within ten minntes — leave for ever, as I know too well; bnt I am glad to know that at parting I have been able to render you some slight service." "The slight service' appears to be the saving of my life," said Westbury, returning the'hearty grasp of Mr. Decroy's hand ; " and considering how often I have started out at night to catch you" "Oh, that i3 nothing," interrupted Decroy, with a smile. "It wonld be ridiculous to quarrel with a soldier for that. I am your debtor for all the kindness and delicacy shewn daring your residence at Boreen Honse, where I believe I have more than once disturbed you. Athough you are reputed a brave man, I believe you are frighteDed at shadows." "Why Was it then yon who ?" exclaimed Westbury. "It was," said Decroy, interrupting Mm ; and on the last occasion yon nearly" "The boats are ready, Colonel," announced a man approaching them. " Then we part now," said Decroy ; and turning round, he made a signal to the group which Westbury had noticed on first entering. Several persona now approached, and Decroy, stepping to meet them, returned leading a female figure as heavily cloaked as himself; yet in spite of this disguise there was sometMng in her appearance which made the officer's pnlse beat quicker. "My daughter, on leaving her native land would join her thanks to my own," said Decroy with qniet dignity. The figure threw back its hood, and the bright eyes of Kate Decroy met those of the Lieu tenant. "I wish I could impress upon Mr. Westbnry how Sony I am for much of what must have appeared rude behaviour," said the girl ; "bat he will forgive me when I answer him that it was forced npon me. We are friends, I trust ?" " Friends 1" exclaimed the Lieutenant. " Friends !" I shall never cease, Miss Decroy, to think of Boreen, wild, and lonely as it is, or to remember those whom I had the honour of knowing there, and whom I valued and estemied more than words can express." " As a trifling memento of the Decrnys rebels :h"U;.'h they were," continued 'be girl, pray, sir, accept this ring." As she spoke, she drew from her finger a in which a diatO'nd sparkled, 1 oil presented it to Westbury with a I suspiciously tear to smiie. 1 Th- Lieutenant was about, to speak ; 'ui m- i termor .1 hv Mr. Decroy ; r' tl>ni y. f'o tweuty four u'uUi'a j oil wni be he.u a prisoner here. Pray, do not attempt to escape, whatever apparent laxity may tempt yon, for I assure you it will be hopeless. At the end of that time you : shall be free. I give yon into safe custody. — Sullivan !. M'Nally i" (two men came forward in answer) " Remember — your men, and your men only, guard Mr. Westbnry ; and I look to yon for hiaBafety. — Farewell, sir I" With another grasp of the hand they parted. Miss Decroy took her father's arm, several ' other persons joined them, and in a few seconds more they had disappeared. Then the throng in the barn quickly thinned, until none bnt the Lieutenant and those who were evidently his guard — bis protectors — remained. He was kept in durance, as Mr Decroy « had warned him ; and had it not been for a fresh arrival, he wonld 'scarcely have-heard a syllable spoken daring his stay. This fresh arrival was no other than Biddy Quin, whose loquacity made amends for the taciturnity of the guard. : She it was, as she speedily told him, who had interfered in his behalf when he was first in danger. "The saints forgive me !" said Biddy naively, if I did wrong." And being in a most commun icative mood she imparted information to Westbnry which cleared np much that had been obscure. She told Mm how he had thrice nearly discovered the Squire. How the latter being anxious to eee the Lieutenant, so as to recognise him, had entered his bedroom by a ' concealed door, and while looking through ' the inner window, had forgotten the lamp, and so had thrown Ms shadow cn f-JiA fflKIfl thrift ranaina tlia fiw.4 .1_ ' J v uiot) nUtlUi How all the household gave him np for lost when Dickies brought the guard, as the Squire was actually in ths dining room when the sergeant-major entered" the House. There seemed no possibility of escape ; but when the Lieutenant had' searched the upper rooms, and had sent Dickies and the soldiers to the rear of the Honse, the Squire, by way of frying one last almost desperate chance, had rushed upstairs to the part already examined ; bnt again had almost betrayed himself by Ms shadow, which was thrown just in front of the officer by the great lamp in the had The third escape waa on the same evening, -when the Squire was attempting to leave Boreen ; for he and hie daughter were with Biddy — who was to be their guide; being a marvel at threading fickle-paths— when the latter came forward to meet him, and artfully — as Westbury oould see well-enough now — led Mm back to the village. Biddy was also loquaoious on other 8ubjecte of interest to the Lieutenant, Miss Kate Decroy, it appeared, waa almost as active and fearless as Mrs. Quin herself, and had really ridden ont to the bog district to meet tbe messenger with the money and tbe letters, as the soldiers had guessed ; and had been to meet her father and arrange for Ms coming to Boreen, when Westbury saw heron that well- remembered moonlight night. She told Mm too that the flight of Squire Decroy and his friends wonld have been more difficult, if not impossible, had not Westbcry's detachment been Bet astray; and when the Lieutenant was nnable to repress an ejaculation expressive of wonder at his movements being so accurately known, Biddy laughed, and with a roguish look her eye whispered " Walls have ears, sure ; an' windies above doors are better nor walls." "The creaking of that confounded window was for something after all, it seems," groaned Westbury. " But then, Mnllany's stick ?" " Oh, the ehtick, is it ?" exclaimed Biddy. " It was a lucky thought o' ma to take that same wMn I was in the quarters of the redcoats wid a message frnm the nrasfce. T thoiurht. it misfit, ho handy some day ; an' be me faith, it was !" These and many other particulars Biddy revealed, now that the "masther" was fairly away. She did not seem to have the least personal fear; and very frankly told Westbury that had it not been for Ms kindness to the family and tohereelf — although she madeherself quite of secondary importance — she shonld deci dedly have voted for his being piked, and if she had only given the word, it would have been done. Westbury had excellent reasons for believing her. Althongh extending over but twenty- fonr hours, the period of detention Beerned long and weary enough. No personal restraint was pat upon the Lieatenant, and for hoars together he saw no one but Biddy. Once or twice he cast a longing look across the few miles which separated bim from Boreen ; but Biddy, as if divining his thoughts, said : " It won't do, Leftbenant darlin' ; there's more between you and Boreen House than brown stones an' green tali" Westbnry took tbe hint, and bore his captivity as best he might, nntil at midnight; as he was sitting alone by a small peat fire, Biddy roused him by a touch on the shoulder. " It's time, yer honour," she said. "Ye're a free man. Take this bit of a pass. — Arrah! don't frown at itj now ; higher officers nor you have been glad of the like ; and many a one would have given his gowld an' his lands for that scrap o' paper, when! the pikes wor clashing ronnd him. But ye're safe. Not a hair of yer head tiill be harmed this night ; an' no boy from the Drome country will iver hurt ye in tcme to come — iv he knows ye. So, gooL bye, Leftbenant, an' heaven be wid! yon. With tMs farewell Westbury departed; and as Biddy ijad foretold, he reached Boreen village unmolested. His return was very warmly welcomed by his men, especially by the usually composed Dickies, who was quite excited over it. He had of course been songht for, but in a wrong direction, as tbe French vessel ran in at a point some twenty miles from that at which her enemies expected her. Mrs. Decroy and Mrs. Claridge were specially gracious in their manner. Miss Decroy, they informed him, was from home for the present ; a piece of news at which the Lieutenant Was by no means surprised, as he had already considerable reason for suspecting as much. In the short remainder of bis stay at B ii ceti Hmse, he saw no more ghosts or shadows, nor was be called ont on any mure expeditious. It was knowu with out his own conclusive testimony, that the nroscrihed r-bcls h "I -scaped, .nil ii vns -.i.io r-iuuved lr -ui ih.- .jinuu . S his -nihtary Car-.-r cs n - i n -n.i f-,r , . ..i . . li , attacked ..tui, which biuugm nnn Vei low, and during his convalescence, the death of a distant relative made him heir to a moderate fortune. This decided him, and he resolved upon retiring with SGch laurels as he had gained ; and so, about two years after the events which we have narrated, he removed to the south of England, where at a quiet little watering-place, he sought success fully to gather health and strength. There were of course many invalids there having the same object in view as himself, and there were many too who were not exactly invalids, bat to whom the retirement and peace of S », joined with its soft yet bracing sea-air, were of value ; and to thiB latter class he decided that two persons whom he often met — or rather whom he often eaw at a distance — belonged. In the delightful rides he was now able to take in a low carriage, he frequently noticed two ladies dressed in black ; and often he used to speculate as to who they were, and why they always chose sequestered spots for their walks. One day, during one of his qniet rambles through a favourite clump of elm-trees, he encouotered the two mysterious strangers. Drawing aside, to allow them to pass, their eyes met, and each of the three uttered an exclamation of surprise and pleasure. " Mrs. Decroy ! Miss Kate Decroy !" " Mr. Westbury !" and then, with as much warmth as though they had been the oldest aud dearest of friends, they shook hands. In a few minutes he bad learned their history. Mr. Decroy had died in France ; and Mrs. Decroy had been recommended a change to the south coast of England. It was about the time of the brief lull in the long war between EnglandandFrance, ao that she was able to comply with this advice. The two ladies were all frankness and geniality ; and in the course of that eiDgle interview he felt that he had made, or regained, dearer friends than any others the world yet held for him. At parting, when he took Kate's hand, a heightened glow on her somewhat pale cheek, shewed that she saw how he had preserved a certain sparkling gift. Daily they met, and the adventures at Eoreen famished inexhaustable themes for conversation : old Biddy; the nightly exclusions ; the daring rides through storm and over bog which Miss Kate was forced to take ; and even the shadows — though a tear mingled with the old lady's smile over this subject, for she then spoke of her dead husband. Time ran on, and Westbury grew stronger; the drives in the carriage were often exchanged for rides on horseback, and still he felt no wish to leave the little place, even though winter had come and most of the visitors had fled. Mrs. Decroy and her daughter also remained — to nav this is doubtless to fiive an unneeded explanation — and indeed the elder lady made no secret of the fact that the economy of a winter residence in the little sea-coast town was as great an inducement to her as was the healthiness of the locality. As time rolled on But there ! how vain it is to flutter about a flame into which every looker-on can see we are certain to plunge. To make a merit of brevity then, Westbury found oppor tunities of seeing Kate Decroy alone, and on one of those occasions he asked her to redeem his lot from loneliness; and after some slightly embarrassingreferences on the young lady's part to her very rebellious instiucts, she consented ; and we will add, as being the fittest place in which to say it, that these rebellious proclivities on the side of Miss Kate were purely political, and during a wedded life of many years, never once extended to the domestic arena. Their permanent residence was in England, and was indeed at the identical watering-place where they renewed their acquaintance, though they made various excursions to Ireland of tolerably long duration. Here they were received with extraordinary demonstrations of friendship and attachment, which at first were rather discomfiting to thegeutleman ; but he soon got used to them, and his liberality made him as popular as though ho had really belonged to the " ould family." As for Mrs. Westbury, and almost in a greater degree Master West bury, when he visited Boreen, why, if mother and son had chosen to drive a Juggernaut car through the village, and a sacrifice or two had been used to give due eclat to the procession, there would not have been — so it seemed to Westbury — the slightest difficulty in procuring volunteers. And then there was Biddy Quin, who was pensioned upon twelve pounds per annum, a most contemptible sum for so devoted a servant, or so West bury argued ; but his wife knew better — there was Biddy, we say, as devoted, ae energetic, and not less talkative than ever; but holdiug up her head for all that, as one of the aristocracy, in virtue of her large fixed income ! Very few of the incomes at Boreen, alas ! were large, and very few of the incomes there were fixed. And so it came about that whereas Lieutenant John Westbury's acquaintance with the Decroy family was at first of a very cold and shadowy character, he was eventually indebted to it for all the substantial happiness of his life, which was a long one, for both he aud his wife lived well iuto the middle of the nine teenth century, beloved and respected. 