EPITOME OF NEWS. eS~We compile the following from iii£ various jour nals to hand :— The Government has reduced the upset price of land again to £1 per acre. A correspondent writes to the * E. News,' calling attention to the fact that nearly two years ago a brave and heroic deed was performed by a young girl on the Clarence, and who has not yet re ceived the slightest recognition of her conduct. Miss M'Kay was 15 years of age at the time of the occurrence, and in a small light skiff, in a strong wind, a lumpy sea, and a swift current, saved the lives of four persons. The matter was officially laid before Sir Henry Partes, and yet nothing lias been done. Our correspondent hopes that some recogni tion will be made of the Clarence River Grace Darling. The 'Fiji Times,* of April 10, giveB the following particulars of the loss of the cutter Chance The cutter was on her way up to Xjevuka, from Rati Raki, under the charge of a young man named Gordon and a crew of two Fijimen ; Mr. Kiugsman, the owner of the vessel, being the fourth person on board. The vessel was overtaken by a squall about 9 o'clock in the morning of Saturday, April 3, when about three miles to the West of Naganea, by which she was capsized, and imme diately sunk, Gordon and Kiugsman se cured themselves on some floating timber, while the two Fijimen managed to obtain the dingy, with which they made off. The two white men continued floatiug with the timber all day, but became divided during the- night, and in the morning Gordon found himself alone. About 3 o'clock on Snnday afternoon a large shark tackled Gordon and kept com pany with him for about three hours, every now and again darting at the plank upon which Gordon had secured himself. He was eventually thrown on the outer reef of Nananu Island, where the shark could not follow his would-be prey. Gor don, in order to rest himself, remained on the reef for about an hour, when he relaunched his small raft on the other aide of the reef, and eventually made the island of Nananu about 2 o'clock on Mon day morning, after being in the water for 41 hours. On landing he was perfectly exhausted, and laid down on the grass till about sunrise on the 5th. The two Fijimen made the shore at Maria Bay, but nothing has been seen of Kingsman. He was a carpenter, about 23 years of age, and came to Fiji about 12 or 18 months since. Gordon is about 20 years of age, and arrived here in the barque Duke of Edinburgh. Neither of the two could swim. The ' Yass Courier' states that on last Friday a communication from William T. Coulthard, who is now confined in Yass gaol, was received by Mr. Leopold Yates, P.M., in which Coulthard withdraws his confession of having, in January last year, murdered his wife in England, and states his reasons for having made the same. After the receipt of the document the police magistrate had Coulthard brought before him in his private room, when he stated that he had no desire to leave the gaol before a communication in reply to enquiries supposed to have been forwarded to England was received, and asserted that he would have made the statement contained in his letter earlier only that a reply from England was daily expected ; and it was his wish to remain in gaol until the authorities were satisfied that this, his last statement, was truthful. Coulthard says :—" The statement I made to your worship in January last respect ing the poisoning of and after-disposal of my wife is entirely without foundation, she being to the best of my belief, in good health, and residing with her father, J. Coulthard, in 12, Brunswick-square, St. Paul's, Bristol, England, upon my de parture for Australia on the 13th May, 1879, last." The * Fiji Times1 has received a sample of a product called Kapok, for which it appears there is a remunerative market open in the colonies. The substance is of the texture of silk, but very short and weak in the staple. It is the product of a weed which grows abundantly in many parts of Fiji, and the fact that the sub stance has a recognised commercial value may serve to make the obnoxious presence of the parent stem the more readily tole rated. I John Yane, the ex-bushranger, has been committed for trial, at Bathurst, on a charge of stealing 400 slieap. i John Oxford, who shot at the Qneen in I Hyde Park, about 40 years ago, has been I arrested in Melbourne as a vagrant, and remanded for medical examination. The Executive Council have decided that the capital sentence, in the case of the aboriginal convicted of rape at the last Dubbo Assizes, shall be carried out. The * Newcastle Herald1 says :—Strange Recovery of a Lost Ring : A peculiar re covery of lost property was made on Wed nesday by a domestic, in the service of Mr. W. K. Lochhead, J.P., of this city. It seems that about seven years ago, whilst Mr. Lochhead was occupied in some way in his flower garden, he dropped and was unable to recover a valuable gold ring, set with bloodstone. Every search was made, but without avail, and the search had long ago been abandoned, and the soil dug over frequently since, without any signs of the missing article. On Wednesday afternoon, as stated, a ser vant girl, whilst in the garden, observed something bright on the surface, and in stooping, picked up the identical ring that had been missing for so many years. Mrs. Bridget Fitzpatrick, of Adelaide, was found by her husband hanging to the trellis of a verandah on Wednesday morn ing last. The motive for her committing suicide is unknown. Mr. John Bond Phillipson, att old co lonist, and who formerly occupied a high position in South Australia, but who of late years has been dipsomaniac, was found by the Adelaide police in a fit on Tuesday last. He was taken to the Hos pital, and died next morning. Yery re cently deceased had been writing interest ing reminiscences of the early days of the polony to the city dailies. Two young ladies, whilst boating on the Hunter at Maitland, last Tuesday, had a narrow escape. One of them in en deavouring to pluck a tuft of grass from the bank, at a deep place, overbalanced and fell head-first intp the water. Her companion had a narrow escape in rescu ing her. The Brisbane ' Daily Observer' says :— During his recent trip to the Clarence, Mr. A. Meston was interviewed by a de putation of farmers, who represented a large number of agriculturalists intend ing to emigrate to Northern Queensland, take up land, and grow sugar on the tropical rivers if there were sufficient propect of snppess. Mr. Meston gave fbexp all the information he could at the time, anfi yesterday interviewed the hon. Minister for Lands tp ascertain the nmst favourable conditions on which the in tending selectors could take up oane land. Though Mr. Perkins expressed himself very anxious to give all possible encouragement to such a desirable class of colonists, yet he wsb confined entirely to the Act, and the most favourable terms were to offer tbem the land at 10s. per acre, with ten years to pay it in, and a maximum area to each selector of 1280 acres. Mr. Meston has written to the deputation, and also sent them a couple of copies of the exhaustive report on the Mossman, Daintree, and Johnson Rivers, written by Daintree in 1873, describing the soil and climate, depth of water, na vigation, &c.;, &c.;, a lot of valuable in formation. For the sake of Queensland, we hope Mr. Meston will succeed in per suading a 100 or so of the Clarence River farmers to transfer tlieir energy, experience, and capital to this colony. A tragical affair happened at Little River, Bank's Peninsula, New Zealand, recently. A married woman, with a child five years old, and another servant, named Annetta M'Connie, were in one of the bedrooms together, when the lat ter took up a loaded revolver lying on the table, and presented it at the child, saying " I will shoot you." Thereupon the weapon exploded. The ball went through the child's head, and after linger ing for several hours it died. The ' Taranaki Herald' has the follow ing, respecting a volcanic eruption at the Sugar Loaves :—" A volcanic eruption has been discovered at the Sugar Loaves. Before reaching Horseshoe Bay a strong smell of sulphur was present, and on pro ceeding towards the end of the tramway steam was observed to issue from a fissure in the rock. There were several other places in the vicinity of the fissure where steam was also being emitted, bearing a great resemblance to what is seen on the beach at Waiwera, North of Auckland, and commonly called the Hot Springs. Strange to say, no smell of sulphur is per ceived at the mouth of the fissure, which is about IS inches long by 12 inches wide. The origin of this strange eruption is at present not definitely ascertained." The ' Hobart Town Mercury' gives the following particulars of the five persons who were lost by the foundering of the ketch Rocket, on the 25th AprilThe vessel was in command of Captain Fahl borg, some years ago master of the schooner Lilian, which was wrecked ; hut he left the sea, and up till last year was occupied as reader on the « Tribune.' He lately obtained a similar appointment on the ' Cornwall Chronicle,' and had taken charge of the Rocket, intending in that way to get to Launceston, where he would leave her to take his new position. He leaves a wife and three children in Ho bart town. Mr. Edward Hawkins, one j of the owners of the vessel, was acting as J mate on the Rocket. He was one of the firm of Messrs. W, and S. Hawkins, ship builders, and was the manager of the shipyard until a few months ago. He was married not long since to Miss Fisher, and had one child. The loss of her hus band has been a very severe blow to Mrs. Hawkins, who has not spoken since she has heard the dreadful news. The crow were three in number, their names being Charles Cox, Benjamin Sculthorp, and John Rodgers. Cox, who was about 25 years of age, was the youngest son of Mr. H. M. C. Cox, until lately a member of the ' Mercury' literary stiff. Sculthorp had been on the Rocket during the time she had been trading to the East Coast, and acted as mate before Mr. Hawkins joined the vessel. His family reside at Birch Bay, in D'Eutrecasteaux Channel. John Rodgers was the cook on the Rocket. He leaves a wife and three chil dren in Hobart Town. ^ Mr. Justice Windeyer has delivered judgment in ex parte Dibbs, in re Shep herd v. Dibbs, an application for a review of the taxation of plaintiff's bill of costs j by the chief clerk. His Honor upheld ■ the taxation, and dismissed the applica tion with costs. On the conclusion of the licensing busi ness at the Water Police Court last Wed nesday morning, at Sydney, a resolution was affirmed by the bench of licensing magistrates, bearing testimony to the zeal and tact displayed by Sub Inspector An derson and his officers in the discharge of their onerous duties in connection with the recent prosecution. Mr. Penfold who presided on the bench, promised to have the resolution conveyed to the In spector General of Police. The Tictorian Cabinet have decided definitely not to appoint a fifth judge at present. The telephone was tried with great ad-/ vantage at the 'Argus' office, Melbourne,! last Wednesday, ( New Zealand telegram, in ' Maitland Mercury'His Excellency the Gover nor, when opening the Normal school, said that the New Zealand scheme of State education was a scheme more com prehensive and ambitious than that of any other country in the world. There were tiro defects, however, viz.—absence of fees or rates, and the non-use of the Bible. He feared the colony was unable to bear the total cost of the system with out assistance from local sources, and that the course of instruction failed to incul cate moral obligations. He eulogised the Now South Wales system of religious teaching. The ' Central Australian' (Bourke jour nal) reports the death of Heniy Greake Stott, who « died at Ford's Bridge from a gunshot wound, accidentally inflicted bv his wife. ' It is the old story of drink cruelty, and death. One of the witnesses, a publican, states:—"I know the de ceased and saw him last alive at my house on Saturday, at about a quarter to one o clock. He was three parts drunk and was quarrelsome. He asked me to drink with him, but I refused and advised him to go home. I next saw the deceased about an hour afterwarde; he then lay dead m front of his tent. I lifted his shirt and noticed a gunshot wound under the left breast. As I went to the tent, I met Mrs. Stott and Mr. M'Phee. I then saw that Mrs. Stott had been severely knocked about, her face being swollen, one eye black, and the other side of the mk6 8re.a^y bruised, as also one arm. The bruises seemed to have been freshly done; there was a severe bruise on the knee as though caused by a kick. Mrs. Stott said : " Dear Henry, when he saw how hadly he had used me, came to the tent, picked up the gun, pulled up the hammer, and said he would be rather dead than alive. He of fered me the gun, and as I was taking it out of his hand, with no idea of shooting him, the gun went off." Mrs. Stott made no further remarks, hut seemed much overcome by grief. I have seen part of a gun, which I identity as having belonged to deceased. The gun was very old, and was hound up with string, It would go off at the slightest movement." Nearly twenty years ago, 'i Harry Stott," as he was called, ww> well-known about Forbes. He was one of the " very early" diggers, and had a claim close by German Harry's well-known jeweller's shop. He was a wild, daring fellow then, a splendid horee man, and seldom out of one scrape before he was into another. The case of David Henry was brought | before the Victorian Cabinet last week, and it was decided not to release him. ; Conway, a Victorian policeman, who i took strychnine on Monday, owing to do- | mestic infelicity, died in Melbourne, the following Wednesday, from the eliects of the poison. On Wednesday night last an altercation occurred (says the * Jerilderie and Urana Gazette') over a horse and watch at Yat hong Woolshed, between W. Wheel house, aged 18 years, and a man named Andrew Wiles, when Wheelhouse, who had a revolver in his hand, shot Wiles in the neck, and then ran away. Informa tion was at once given to the Jerilderie police, who immediately proceeded to Yathong station, where they found the wounded man in a dangerous condition, and at once brought him into Jerilderie. Search was made for Wheelhouse, who evaded the vigilance of the police until Friday evening, when he was found on his way to Jerilderie, as he said, to give him self up. The 4 Cornwall Chronicle' states that 44 Miss Jessie Archer, whose charming vo calisation has made her such an esteemed favourite in Tasmania, has accepted an offer from Mr. W. S. Lyster, and will shortly make her first appearance at the Opera House, Melbourne, in Girofle-Gi rofla." The 4 Pastoral Times' says :—Judge Windeyer gave a Bar dinner while in Deuiliquin, and, with singular inconsist ency, neglected to invite either Mr. G. B. Simpson or the Hon. Townseud Macder niott. Wae it because these gentlemen preferred staying at another hotel than that at which his Honor was located ? The 4 Coonamble Independent' reports the sudden death of an elderly gentleman who had been a tutor in some private fa milies in that locality, and known as Mr. H. S. Russell. This was an assumed name. The deceased claimed to be the eldest son of the late Duke of Marlbo rough, but having quitted the family man sion through some love affair about forty years ago, he enlisted for a soldier, and the family at home, with whom he had never communicated, thought him dead years ago, and his younger brother, it would appear from a communication he once addressed to Mr. J. B. Elworthy, assumed the title of Marquis of Bland ford, and succeeded to the Blenheim es tate. The real name of the deceased was Charles Spencer Churchill. He was an occasional contributor to the colonial Press, and some years ago was a clever writer. Letters in Mr. Elworthy's pos session will help to prove his identity, should it be needed. The 4 Toowoomba Chronicle' says :—On Sunday, the 2nd inst., a party of young men started for a ride, Mr. Edward Geo. Toomae being pne of them. He was rid ing a very spirited horse (a new purchase), aDd when breaking into a canter his horse threw up his head and bolted, and before many seconds the rider, having lost his seat in the saddle, was dashed with ter rible force against a tree. Death was in stantaneous. The deceased, who was 28 years old, was much esteemed by his em ployers, and deeply regretted by his friends and fellow workmen. 44 The recreations of a country parson" ia Riverina are not (remarks " iEgles") invariably agreeable. A worthy and sin cere young incumbent, with a parish of about a hundred miles diameter, endea voured to make friends with the two year-old child of a selector. He was un expectedly assailed with a torrent of oaths of the ruddiest complexion. Passing the evening at the station of one of the pas toral aristocracy, he related to his pleas ant and kindly hostess his painful expe rience of the morning. At this juncture the young scion of the house was brought into the room. The reverend quest, mak ing some advances, found himself repelled with language almost identical with that used by the embryo selector. Mamma was greatly disconcerted, and explained that she was quite at a loss to account for her child's bad language, as he had never heard anyone swear 44 except his father." It is rumoured (says the 4 Bulletin') that Mr. W. Teece, M.P. for Goulburn, is anxious for an appointment as forest ranger at ^300 a year. Mr. John Hurley, of Hartley, is bring ing an action for .£5000 against the City Bank for dishonouring a cheque of his. It is rumoured that most of the schools in Melbourne and the suburbs will be closed on account of the outbreak of diph theria and measles amongst the children attending them. Mr. H. M. Whitehead, writing to a gentleman in Melbourne, states that he saw in the Paris cooling chambers, at one time, the carcases of 10,000 sheep, im ported from South America. 44 JEgles" writes The evening party at the house in the fashionable terrace was going swimmingly. Ho one present was more charming or gay than Miss Gos samer. Suddenly she bade those near her 44 Good niglit," and prepared for de parture. The hostess pressed her not to leave so early, and when she refused to remain asked for her urgent reason for going. In the hall she imparted in confi dence that Fred had brought home sau sages for supper, that she had left them on a chair, and was afraid 44 someone would sit on them." A botcher, at Dapto, N.S.W., is sell ing prime beef at l|d. per lb., retail. The 4 D. D. Gazette' says A case of painfully sudden death occurred in Neil street at an early hour yesterday morning. Mrs. Ohlslagel, an elderly lady, a resident of the street, was on her way to early ser vice at St. Patrick's Church when she was observed to stagger and fall on the veran dah of the Australian Hotel, at the corner of James and Neil streets. A person, close at hand at the time, went to her assistance, and found that she was dead. Dr. Howlin was sent for, and was quickly iu attendance, the body in the mean time having been taken into the hotel. The deceased has left a grown up family. It will be some consolation to the bereaved family to think that at the time of her death Mrs. Ohlslagel was proceeding to the performance of her religious duties. Thomas Strode, who came to this colony in 1836, and founded the 4 Port Phillip Gazette' and also the 4 Maitland Gazette' and 4 Pastoral 4"imes,' is dead. At present (says the 4 D. D. Gazette') there are several unfortunate men in the Toowoomba Immigration Depot who are seeking for employment, which they can not obtain ; and in conversation with some of them, the fact has been elicited, that either from ignorance, or, what is more probable, from a perfect indifference to the truth, persons who are employed in the home country aB emigration agents for the Queensland Government have made no soruple in distorting and mis stating the truth in relation to the de mand for labour and its remuneration in the colony. The result has been that in numerous caseB mechanics and labourers have been induced to throw up permanent employment in the hope of realising the success they were assured would attend their efforts in the new world. ' An epidemic, which is supposed to be a mild form of scarlatina, has necessi tated the closing of the school at Hnmula, a small township a few miles from Wagga. The ' E. News' says Class for Dress making : Madame de la Sicotiere, of Paris (late of 320, George-street, Syd ney), has opened a class at the School of Arts, for teaching ladies to make dresses, or, in other words, for teaching the entire art of dressmaking. The class is held on Mondays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays, from 3 to 5 o'clock in the afternoon. The price of a fixed pattern from which all styles of dress can be made is 7s. Gd., and the price of lessons 2s. Gd. Ladies bring ing their own material for cutting or fit ting can be taught in one lesson. Ma dame de la Sicotiere guarantees that there shall be "no more loss of time and material in making a dress, no more hesitation, no more difficulty, no longer anything to try on or to re-make, one pat tern, one only, is sufficient to make all one's clothing. This method economises just half the material ordinarily employed to make a dress, in cutting, fitting, and re-touching, and it economises at the same time half the labour." As every lady is more or less interested in the making of her dresses, we would advise our lady readers to pay Madame de la Sicotiere a visit on some one of those days before mentioned, and judge for themselves. Also :—Miss Fidler gave the last lesson of her course of instructions in cookery, at the Temperance Hall this afternoon, in the presence of a select circle of ladies, moBt of whom took notes of the proceed ings. Miss Fidler, we believe, will pro ceed into the country soon after the close of her course, and, we suppose, intends to give courses of lessons in large towns of the interior. If so, our country friends will, no doubt, derive much profit from this lady's instructions. . The Premier of Queensland (the Hon. Thos. MTlwraith) will leave England for Queensland by the Brindisi mail leaving that port on May 10. Mr. Hurley, the member for Hartley, has given notice of his intention to move in the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, May 18, the following resolution:— 44 That, in the opinion of this House, it is highly desirable that the Govern ment should kt once take steps to re move all persons from the commission of the peace, with a view of ensuring the safe administration of the law in future, and only appointing or re-appointing per sons who by education and intelligence are fitted to perform the duties of a ma gistrate." Mr. Kent, well-known in football cir cles, sailed from Melbourne in the Sorata for London, for the purpose of arranging a series of matches between Inter-colonial and English players. The * E. Kews' says :—The talk of the town for the past few days in Sydney has been Ninian Melville's election for North umberland, and the general tone is not flattering to Ninian, nor to those whose confidence he won. Mr. Stoney informs the 'Bairnsdale News' " that on Sunday, the 25th April, while coming from the race course in the direction of Bairnsdale at the time men tioned, his attention was drawn to a very peculiar motion of the sun, which seemed to rock to and fro, and quiver as though it had come in contact with some opposing body. A number of blacks who were camped close by at the time were so exceedingly terrified at the sight that, ater giving vent to the cry, 4 See big fellow sun,' made direct for all the worldly chattels they possessed, and com menced to make tracks for what they consider the shelter of the town. This singular appearance in the sun was shortly followed by an offshoot of a large ball of fire, which travelled across the heavens in a Southerly direction, and for a considerable portion of the distance seemed to resemble a sort of comet with a blank Bpace between the nucleus and the tail. When nearing the horizon, the ball of fire appeared to silently explode into a thousand fragments, illuminating the trees behind which they appeared to fall like a brilliant display of fireworks." The trial of Robert Butler, for the murder of James M. Dewar, one of the victims of the Canterbury-street murders at Dunedin, was concluded on the 17tli April, shortly after 9 p.m., when a ver dict of not guilty was returned. The prisoner's speech occupied about five hours in delivery, and the evidence was criticised in detail by him. His Honor commenced his summing up shortly after 4 p.m., and the Jury retired at five minutes past G p.m. On returning, after three hours' deliberation, the verdict, as we have stated, was one of acquittal. The greatest interest (the ' Otago Daily Times' states) was shown in the proceed ings. Clergymen and medical gentlemen and others remained in court during nearly the whole of the prolonged trial, and hundreds cf persons congregated about the court unable to obtain admis sion. A very numerous assemblage waited outside to hear the verdict j and when it became known, they expressed their sentiments regarding it by groaning and hooting. The prisoner betrayed but little emotion during the trial, and none whatever when the Jury returned to deliver their verdict, the only time when he betrayed any great anxiety being when the medical evidence was given. No in timation was given by the Crown that a nolle prosequi would be entered in re spect of the other indictment found against the prisoner for the murder of Elizabeth Dewar, and we understand that his trial upon that charge will bo pro ceeded with. Some 50 persons had as sembled at the back entrance to the court in Liverpool-street before Butler was brought out, and his appearance was the signal for loud hoots and groans. The assemblage quickly swelled. When Butler got into the cab it looked as if there was going to be a scene, for one or two persons got on the step, and some caught hold of the side of the vehicle. Inspector Mallard, however, and the de tectives interfered, and the cab got away. It was followed all the way to the gaol by- a number of persons. [Butler was ] afterwards convicted of burglary, and received a sentence of 18 years' imprison ment.] The 4 Tamworth News' Sydney cor. j writes :—The scandal occasioned by the ! appointment of Sir John Robertson to ! the portfolio of Education seemed to act on most people like laughing gas. Ab surd as was Dr. Badham's apotheosis of ! Sir Henry Parkes, and unqualified as a j "good half" of the University senators are for the position they hold, there is nothing in either so grotesquely ridicul ous as makiug Sir John Robertson the i head of the educational system of the country. He is specially assailable, and therefore vulnerable and venal, as a party man. While holding the position ; of a member of the Council of Education, he boldly neglected his duties, and even refused to sign his fair share of the cheques, ; or to listen to the reports of the inspectors, j His appointment will of course relieve ' the Ministry from giving him £1200 a year; and lie will probably be quite as attentive to business as be was in the bureau of Lands. He is certainly a su perannuated political incumbrance; and can hardly look with respect on himself in his present position. There will be a big muddle soon in the offices of the Educational Minister, Macquarie-street, unless, indeed, Mr. Wilkins, the new Under Secretary, will be able to work the oracle in such a way as to prevent abso lute disorganisation. I have not heard a single person commend the appointment of Sir John ; and except a little faint praise in the columns of Mother Hubbard, the ' Herald,' the Press has pretty roundly condemned it. Rumours were current some time since (says the 'Cooktown Courier') that the existence of a white woman among the blacks was well known, and as the ac count is substantiated by the natives themselves, there can no longer be any doubt upon the subject. The blacks from whom this information was obtained were camped about 60 miles North of where the wreck, reported in our last issue, was observed by Mr. Jack. No doubt the captors revel in the contem plation of the impracticability of their white slave being rescued, as so long a time has elapsed without any attempt being made at recovery. We certainly cannot permit this subject to drop with out lodging a protest against the inhu manity of permitting such a report as the captivity of a woman amongst brutal savages without making some effort to solve the mystery and determine the trnth or falsity of the repeated rumours, j A party of troopers should be despatched to scour the country, and wipe out the i disgrace under which we are at present suffering. The Sandhurst correspondent of the 'Argus' states that a singular shooting case was brought before the Bench, when Edmund Fletcher was charged with shoot ing at John Wallish, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm. Mr. Wallish, a State school teacher, was shooting in defendant's paddock at Back Greek, and was accompanied by a dog. The de fendant entered the enclosure with a gun in his hand, which he fired in the direc tion of Wallish. Some of the shot lodged in Wailish's leg, and some in the dog's body. The defence was that defendant had previously given a warning against trespassing in his paddock, and that he merely fired at the dog. The Bench com mitted Fletcher for trial. A correspondent sends to us ('Echo') a cure for diphtheria, which was discovered by Dr. Field some years ago, and which it is claimed has never failed. It consists simply of flonr of brimstone mixed with water in the proportion of one teaspoon ful of the sulphur to a wine glass of water, the mixture being used as a gargle. In cases where the patient cannot gargle, it is recommended that the sulphur should be thrown on a live coal and the fumes inhaled, the effect being as certain though not so speedy as in the other case. The 4 Dubbo Dispatch' says :—By the ' Echo' of Tuesday we learn that at " a meeting of the Executive Council, held that morning, the case of Alfred, an aboriginal, sentenced to death at the late Dubbo Assizes, by his Honor Sir William Manning, for the murder of Nugle Jack, was taken into consideration. It was re solved that the capital sentence should be carried into effect." This is what we anticipated, and what we stated last week. The unfortunate aboriginal is being attended by the Rev, C. C. Dun stan, and though to use his own words he is 44 cobawn bit miserable," he appears re signed to his fate. The Sydney cor. of the ' Dubbo Dis patch' writes .-—The rumour that Sir James Martin intends to resign the Chief Justiceship aud re-enter political life gains i ground. Mr. Buchanan, inspired by I some one, who may be guessed at but j not named, has called for all the corre spondence, medical certificates, Ac., re | lating to the Chief's leave of absence. | A pawnbroker, in Syduey, has been fined £5 for taking into pawn a pair of boots from a lad under 14 years. A youflg man named Lismore found a mushroom close to Ballaraton Friday last, weighing lbs. It was over a foot in diameter. A resident at Bream Creek, Tasmania, reported that a vessel, bottom upwards, supposed to be a schoouer, was seen two miles off Bream Creek. It appeared to have come from Maria Island, and was ; floating in a Southerly direction. A cleaning up from a crushing of 246i tons of quartz took place at the battery of the Tasmania Company, Beaconsfield, Tas mania, at the end of last week. Result, 406 oz. of retorted gold. A meeting of farmers and others has been held at Mount Gambler, to consider the establishment of a factory at which to make farina from potatoes. A committee was appointed to obtain particulars rela tive to farina-making, cheese-making, and other means of utilising surplus farm pro duce. A seam of good coal has been disco vered four miles from Coleraiue, Va. Saturday's ' Newcastle Herald' says :— 'Possum Shooting Extraordinary : It ap ! pears that the good people of West Mait land who attend St. Paul's church have been for some considerable time past dis turbed in their devotions by the vagaries of an opossum, which during Bervice in variably took its position overhead, to ; the infinite delectation of the junior mem- ! bers of the congregation, and the pious horror of their respective guardians. Be ing rather demonstrative, however, and his calculations as to time and tune being somewhat erratic, various carefully laid schemes have been planned and executed to secure tbe varmint dead or alive, but up to 4 p.m. yesterday, all had signally failed. The hour, however, had come, and so had Mr. Sea wood with a dou ble-barrelled gun, the result being a well directed shot, and poor 'possum's days and devotions were ended simultaneously. Its Plattsbtirg cor. writes :—As one of our townsmen was traversing tbe bosh, near Wallseua, the other day, accom panied by his dog, a favourite little am- . mal of the terrier breed, a large brown snake crossed their track, and the dog im- j mediately attacked it. The reptile, by no [ means loth to show fight, reared itself and prepared for the contest, which lasted fully ten minutes, during which time the i dog had been frequently bitten, which j only tended to make him more eager for tbe battle. The owner endeavoured to despatch his suakeship with a stick, but in the rapid evolutions of the principals in tbe deadly contest he was afraid of hurting the dog. At length the brave little animal made his hold on the neck of the snake and soon left it writh ing on the grass. By this time the vo nomed fangs having punctured the victor in many places, the poison began to show its effect, and shortly after the conqueror laid side by side with the conquered. A singular circumstance has (we learn from the 'Maryborough Standard') been brought under their notice. Mr. W. El liott, produce dealer, Maryborough, had a calf in his possession, which he reared at his private residence until recently, when it was turned out. A few days since the animal, which had attained the age of twelve months, was observed to be ailing, and shortly afterwards died. It was supposed to have died from eating the new grass. A poBt mortem examina tion was however held, and the cause of death was then apparent. First they drew out a girl's pair of white stock ings in a well preserved condition. These latter had been missing for several months. Next followed a piece of rope, two towels, two leather straps, an india rubber tobacco-pouch in fair condition, and a piece of oilskin jacket similar to what is worn by miners. A better as sorted lot of miscellaneous articles, we venture to assert, was never found in any animal's stomach, and the whole of them were in a really wonderful state of preser vation. A division of opinion is said to exist in the Cabinet with regard to Mr. M'Cul loch's proposal to widen Pitt-street, Syd ney, in the vicinity of the Post Office. Saturday's ' Mercury' says:—Shocking Accident: On Thursday forenoon an acci dent of a remarkably painful and Berious i character occurred to Mr. Joseph Atkin- j son, son of Mr. John Atkinson, farmer, Lochend, West Maitland. It seems that the young man was engaged at the mow ing machine on his father's farm, near Trapaud Road, on the morning named, when the machine got iuto a rut and jerked him from his seat. His right hand came in contact with one of the knives of the machine and was completely severed at the wrist. So sudden was the shock that the hand was cut clean off, and left under the machine, before the sufferer was aware of his misfortune. The unfor tunate young man went to his father's house, and medical aid was immediately sent for. Dr. Morson arrived, and had the sufferer placed under chloroform, and removed the bones of the arm for about two incheB above the wrist. A remark able feature in connection with the acci dent is that there was very little loss of blood. Also :—Diphtheria : We understand that this dreadful malady has made its appearance in this district during the past week. Dr. Stevenson informs ns that he has several cases on hand at present. I Mothers cannot be too careful with their j children at this time of year, and should at once consult a doctor when any symp toms of illness manifest themselves. Friday's 'E. News' says:—The Su preme Court Judges: The discussion which took place on Mr. Buchanan's motion last night was a significant one It is rumoured that the papers about to be produced will show that the corres pondence between Sir James Martin and the Government was not of the pleasant est character—the six months' leave ap plied for was not granted, and only three months' allowed, the doctor's certificates notwithstanding. This, probably, has given rise to the rumour that Sir James Martin is about to enter political life j again. ' Also :—The Betting Houses Suppres- I sion Act Amendment Bill: The patres conscripti have eliminated from Mr. j Terry's Betting Bill, the only clause that' rendered it a terror to bookmakers. In the Legislative Council last night a de bate took place which was not so lively, , but infinitely more entertaining and in structive than the one which occurred during the previous occasion, when the bill was before the " committee of the whole house." Lawyers differed. Mr. Darley, Q.C., moved the omission of the word " public" from the 3rd clause, the vital one of the measure, the effect of which will be that the magistrates before whonl a case has to be tried will have to i decide what a " place" is, one of the j most difficult legal points known. Mr. Foster protested, but it was of n© avail. The words " habitually or at any time" were also eliminated at the instance of Mr. Darley, and now the emasculated measure can be laughed at by bookmakers et hoc genus omne. Sir A. Stephen, who, considering his lengthened experience, ought to know something about the matter, expressed his conviction that betting could be suppressed, and thought that if a fine of ten times the amount of the wager laid were imposed the evil would cease. As the bill is now amended by the Legisla tive Council, betters, betting men, and keepers of betting-houses are in exactly the same position as they were before. It is hoped Mr. Terry and the Hon. J. White are satisfied with the result of their labours. Saturday's ' E. News' says :—Arrest of Mr. G. R. Dibbs: Mr. G. R. Dibbs, it appears, is not to escape the consequences of the judgment given against him in the notorious slander case, Shepherd v. Dibbs, in which some discreditable episodes of social life in Sydney were published to the world. Mr. G. R. Dibbs was arrested yesterday afternoon at Penrith on ca. sa. for not paying Mr. Shepherd's costs, j which amounted to over £1600. It will j be recollected that the Jury awarded j £2000 damages to Mr. Shepherd. Un less the judgment is paid, Mr. Dibbs may ) have to remain in gaol for 12 months. The result of the charge against four men for an attempt to swindle, through the totalisator, on the Ellerslie racecourse, will probably act as a warning to many. A telegram from Auckland to the ' New Zealand Times' states that Henry Rich ardson, James Corbett, Richard James Feltus, and Leonard Adams, were charged under the Vagrant Act with playing with a totalizator at a game of chance on the Elleslie racecourse. The charge against Feltus was withdrawn, as he was only en gaged as a clerk. Francis Short, hair dresser, deposed that he paid 10s. for a ticket on King Quail, and three other tickets were taken. He went to watch the race, and King Quail won; When lie returned the totalizator proprietor offered him a fourteenth share. A dispute en sued, and the proprietor said some one had altered the number. Eventually he got his £12. Win. Booth corroborated this statement. W. Roberts and R. Chur ton saw only four up when the race was run. Feltus deposed that Richardson re ceived the money, Corbett worked the machine, and witness made entries and stamped tickets. The fourteen subscrib ers to King Quail were entered after the race had been run. After some further evidence, defendants were sentenced to one month each, with hard labour. A little time back {writes the ' Dayles ford Mercury' of the 4th instant) we re ported that two miners named Vincome and Brenton, working at Yandoit, un earthed a nugget weighing 300 oz., toge ther with some smaller ones, which brought them the nice little haul of £1360. Fortune has again smiled on the party, for last week they were success ful in finding another sample of the pre cious metal which weighed abont 50 oz., realised nearly £200. The ' Australasian' of May 8, in com menting on the recent debate on the Electoral Bill, says :—" A very pointless discussion arose over the clause defining disqualification, and very many members thought it harsh to deprive uncertificated insolvents of the power of voting or being elected. They contended that insolvency was not a crime, and that to assume that an insolvent was a criminal waB contrary to the spirit of law and justice. The tone of the debate certainly exhibited what one member characterised as a ' feeling in fa vour of insolvency,' and the words ob jected to were omitted. Then Mr. Fitz patrick, who seems sounding the very depths of popularity- hunting, proposed the omission of the words disqualifying lunatics and those in receipt of charitable aid from a public institution. His amend ment, however, was negatived, and thus the colony was spared the sight of a de bate which began by taking away repre sentation from the University ending by throwing open the doors of Parliament to lunatics and public paupers as well as to uncertificated insolvents.'' A singular case, illustrating a phase of bush life, was heard at the civil sittings of the laBt circuit court at Deniliquin. It was an action brought by some tank sinkers, Chose and another against the station-holders, Messrs. Brown, Oakden, and Co., to recover the difference between Is. 3d. and Is. 6d. per square yard of ex cavation of a tank constructed by plain tiffs on defendants' station. The case on the face of it appeared to be perfectly plain, and from remarks made before tbe trial the defendants had not a ghost of a chance of winning. The case for the plaintiffs was that they had contracted and agreed to construct tbe tank in ques tion, contents 10,000 yards, at la. 6d. per square yard; and that they performed the work to the satisfaction of the defend ants. The plaintiffs—for whom Mr. T. M'Dermott, of Melbourne, appeared— also produced a written agreement stating that the price was to be Is. 6d. per square yard. Mr. G. B. Simpson, who was in structed by Mr. Reed, of Hay, for the defendants,- made a clever and successful defence, and proved that though the plaintiffs held a written agreement, that the agreement was not made in good faith, and was, in- fact, a mistake so far as the words one shilling and sixpence were concerned, and that they should have been " one shilling and threepence." The original agreement, which was read to the plaintiffs, contained the words " one shil ling and threepence," and in copying the duplicate the mistake must have occurred. In proof of this Mr. Simpson called two witnesses, neighbouring squatters, who had made similar contracts for dam sink ing, and had borrowed from the defend ants the agreement to take pattern by. They distinctly remembered that the price was Is. 3d., and in fact this was the rul ing price in the district. The defendants, however, were challenged to produce this agreement, but they could not do so be cause it had been stolen from the house during their absence in Melbourne. The drawers had been burst open, and though a diamond pin waB amongst the papers, thia identical paper alone was missing. The cook, who was in the house at the time, was not called to give evidence, but de fendants, who were working about a mile and-a-half distant, were shown that the drawers had been broken open. The case was put to the jury in a capital man ner, and resulted in a verdict for defend dants. The plaintiffs were much cha grined, and learnt for the first time that a written agreement is not always bind ing. The ' Herald' says :—The House re fused, the other day, to censure Mr. Hoakins for his alleged brusqueness to members of Parliament who accompany their constituents to the Lands Office. What would have been the decision had a vote of thanks been proposed instead 1 Looking at the case disinterestedly, it may be said that such a proposal ought to have been received with acclamation. Of all men in the public service, the Minister for Lands is the one who should have the courage to Bay " No," with firmness. It is one of the weakest points in our com plicated land law that it leaveB so much of its administration to the discretionary or judicial action of the Minister for the time being. Hence we hear again and again of Ministers being pestered and worried, and wheedled and " bully ragged" by people who want to have the law administered in such a way as to " suit their book," or serve their pri vate interests. It is bad enough when this is done by people who are content to trust to their own unaided powers of pressure and persuasion. It is indefinitely worse when under cover of a desire to be introduced to the Minister, they pro cure the presence of members of Parlia ment at their interviews with him. A member may not always be out of his proper place on such occasions, but he often is. In questions arising under the administration of the land law, when private interests are affected, it is the business of the Minister to consider what the law requires or permits, and what within those limits a regard to sound policy and the general public inte rest dictates. This being the case, it is hard to see what object is to be gained by getting a member of Parliament to attend when the claims of private interests are being urged upon the Minister's no tice. The fact that a member has a vote cannot alter tbe law or determine the po licy. Why, then, is the member brought in unless it be with the hope that his in fluence may in some way govern the Min ister's action 1 Courtesy is an excellent thing, bnt there are circumstances which give higher value to other virtues. It is doubtful whether any Minister for Lands who desired to preserve his independence, and to protect the public interest, could long escape having his courtesy chal lenged. It is, indeed, possible, though a paradox, that as to this matter the highest praise might be found in the strongest censure. A dastardly attempt (says the *S. A. Register') was made to upset the first passing train on the North line on April 26\. Notice had been given that a train conveying Cbiarini's circus would pass Salisbury station at- an early hour, and Mr. Litchfield, the stationmaster, being anxious that all should go right, rose at. about 3 o'clock, stating it to be his deter mination to go out and hoist the signal light and Bee to the points, when his daughter insisted upon going with him. He had accomplished his purpose, and1 was about returning to the platform when Miss Litchfield called hiB attention to something on the rails, which proved to be a length of firewood placed in such a position across the rail as to be almost certain to jamb in between the rail and guardrail at the points, and consequently to have either overturned the train or to have run it into some trucks standing close by the spot. As the train ran right through without stop ping, there cannot be the slightest doubt that mischief was intended, and the con sequences would have been very serious indeed if the discovery had not been so timely made. 