BRISBANE AFFAIE8. F80M ODE SPECIAL COEltKSPOKDISNT. Tl* ftf lowing leWorw^snoavoidiiblyi&rowdcd;' out of kud insue. July 17. In the Quocn.slsnd National Theatre llm prologue of the play is over. The opening debate scored a victory for the GoreitttnenU This week the mail contract cann* 011. M'll wraitii opened it with an unusually cloar speech forhim; generally speaking he chucks his facts, figures, mid arguments out in a confused heap, clothing them in very involved language and wlwt I coll a very bad sort of Scotch, Til hi time he lutd everything well arranged. He proved clearly tliat direct trade ipu leaving the colony and drifting to Sydney, and he made out a good cone for the jiocessity o£ subsidising a company to pick up and gallicr together the disorganised commerce, The mail pnrt of the business he gave up. It would !>e no great improvement. On the frozen 'meat trade he made n state ment which was cruei to you Western men. In America, he said, farmers on the coast used their corn crops to fatten the caUle bought in the western markets, and thus, though unable to find a remunerative market for maize as groin, cold it tan good profit as moat. In Queensland, the coast country was fitted for tiie tame thing, and our formers could fallow the same plan. Now, Sir, let roc auk yob what, as a Ilnraop man, you think of toe idea of fattening n western bullock on nn Bast Moreioii farm! However, this was * to wptam the coast men. The debate was well atguod. Dioksoii and, strange to ,say, <Jtoovge Thorn, had some veiy pertinent objections. Of these the most important was titat oa Die contract would extend over eight years for a specified rate of spool, *ould it notbc probable that the 1*. A^O. and other lines mlglitincrease their rate ot going so as taetill take Uic trade from Queensland t The debate continues iieit week. Yesterday the mil and shipping contract broke put in a new place, 6am wanted a Royal {kimmiraion appointed in England to inquire into the business, btit the Govern ^meut carried a select committee instead. ' There was a good deal of hanging and " you're another" about thodiscDStf on. l'erkins made a bettor speooh than usual. It woe not good, but a decided improvement on iiis early \- manner, as the ait critics say. This decision ,transforsihc quutvl to thecouimiUoe room, when Sam and his two will fight it out with Maorossanwid liis three. Befon? the Session ' clMeiTit will c^me badc worse than ever to \- tbeAssciribly.fiint meanwhile ihorc will .tie no end Of bad blood. In Brisbane Uie gene ral opinion may be summarised thus. There is a big ring tint bag got into some good tilings, and the local epcoulatore are quite opt ofit. ftilmer slated Miles tjiemetidmiKly foteervingfl writ <?n him to test the question in 81a fiupremeCoait whether Ije holding interests tri certain ships bns'a right to «it 'in tlie Assembly. Miles chuckle® And says lie is tsuro of pbbkctiiig the eugar^-wbidi is doubtful. Out*! do the Home people arc laughing at Kingsforil. He called a meeting in South Brisbaneto Cxpiulnliis oouduct jn going wer.' l"ortiie pi)ri>cwc he selected the smali WtKall iit the plaoe and gota number of his Jpers$jil (Wends to £11 the Ixjdy uf it, !but ttey WBje not «ufflcientily numerous' to coyer tiie a£$oe, siii] (he oUtera chiwrfM in nifd Tcmnfl the door. Kingbford got terribly ?fchaflbd, mid tiieif pulled triumpliuutly out of ' Ws ppcicta letter from Macrossan promising obrafioli linoto South Brisbane if it conld l>o made along tlie main n>ad,Rnd if it didn't Cost more than £8000 n mile. The meetiu'g came tq nothing, and ihey say Kingston! has faedh had by n promise guardud by impassible conditions. A\iiile lie was speaking Swan wick appeared «i the platform et his back like the ghost in1 the piny. Immediately the whote JyOHjill yelled at him, " WJ10 sold Butiniba," rnitl wmM not be quiet tilt Kings fordoKjeiwi tim <iff. He retired, as he thouglit, to tlie bade door, but in reality to n little room, where lie htul to remain a prisoner till the meeting eliraefl. I'riec, of Wide Bay, will be a prominent featere this Searfoii. He jtos lost the awe of . his novel, Miiroundings that kept him in .«hedk, aiid swnggere jtrund «ien iu a state of^'refreSiment" tirnt bodes mncli Kpcfikmg. . lie did speak at great length in tlie mail Ctmtiaetde)>ate, eiitl i t pasnee the oomprehen . sinn of mortal loan to -know what it was all About:, Members aoreomed, and rolled on the'sente,holdingthcir sides. At an instance take n wmUaice : " Borne jioople go in for hides, soinejieopjc for tallow, name lor family connections, and some for direct oommnnictt tion." This, , with the most extraordinary ococnt, emphasis and gesture. His colleague Bailey can't control him n bit now. Wicked jokers among -Die members ret him Against liim. and he denies Ids right to interfere, i " Hpuj'daJi.' ynu, Sir, interfere." Hendrcnis , quiet, but Price will soon be outrageous. Aflil/uiMt mime a long speech, wondeiful to relate, lie is gnait nt interrogivtiuns, mostly of tlie simple .' Vou're another" sort. Beor, who has taken hi" sent as Attorney-General, is a changed man. . Be comes out with quite a vigorous attack on Miles. \- PttogV) appointment as Acting Judge is, T henr. a flcli. He htis been sworn in and taken his seat. The Chief Justice, giving his ruling ori the )wsition,Knid that lie hiul grave ?doubts os to thopowei'of making the npjioint. mcnt tompomry. That is, I believe, the point. Tlierc is no question as to wiieliicr ? Pring is properly wsutcd uu the Bcudi, but ?ety much question whether any Government bns the power to shift' him. The Chief justice inferring to it said Hint if be liked, in consequence of any agreement he might. have with the authorities, to resign, I10 could do so. A finllc infediuted i'ring's willow pliix j when this wos mid. It is currently imported ' . th'at he won't resign and they cannot make | him. You nee. the higher duty lie owesiy the dignity of the UcncU must override the privnte desire wliieh lie ns a malt Would have to keep his engagement nnd give up the A2>t(X> a year. Will has tabled a noticc of motiun fov tlie details of I.ukiti's expetiililure ill Sydney, and buys he is going to tight it out. Wore shiugAvaugitig will eiisite,, Meston in -liuiiig the utlmly jii.Hclnl, and backing up I'erkins in his paper. The Cmi'ricri* reverting to tiie issue or //minirtl. finding that il niiMMleuhiie'l spuec reijttire tneut>ati|l so foith in Mnrting. a cuiideiiml report. The Ohm ra <? ninde a ii>« by isMiing il, probably r« humlred enpios. Not much fur ft pebny paper, but cliil n rixr.. Like oilier bud hlibit* tliis ot rcmllng Pnrlinmeiitmy dciiates grow <fti iieopte. And,as tiling- are going, Jlniuiird is decidedly interesting .' iwling, The Show next week is going to be n big tiling. Homj alius Arthur Rketcbley elint Mrs. Brown is I'd'1-a jolly, very fat, little elderly man, full rollicking joviality, lly tliC'Way, T nm h to say that our legisla tive Daniel Lauftrcrt, poor old Jacob Lew, looke very l)nd and pulled down. Hisbroken nrm won't mend, and he has ji in a sling. His, jolly cheery manner in gone, and (lie House will bo debarred from enjoying the ninny bits of harmless, innocent fun caused by the honest old inan. Feet is going to be a success. Ite is a trifle unintelligible in the House, but outside be is just acquiring Die reputation of being n jolly good fcllou*. At present he is rather local-ltockhampton all over. But say what you will, Brisbane lins one advantage enjoyed by nil capitals however small, it has less of a strictly local feeling than oilier towns, or, t more correctly, there is always on unusually large proportion of the population free from tie cjtccinlly local feeling. King is delivering that lecture on protec tion to-night which missed fire so lamentably in Maiyborough. Men ton is chairman ! July 23. I HAVE to tliunk you, Hr. Editor, for a' very high compliment. I have endeavored to keep my letters nbreust of the times, but until you were good enough to tell your renders so, I never knew 1 had the gift of cribbing jokes from a pnjier a week before it. is publishod. This is- the only way iu which I con account for your editorial note on my letter of the 25th June, in which I gave yon three little aiiccdotcs which happened to be floating around town, aud which you state j were "cribbed" from the Piiiwh of the 1st i July. Ucally, sir, Brisbane is a very small | place, and uy friend JPtineh has a wonderful knack of picking up these humorous.trifles, ril try and murder each mas who tells me a joke next time and prevent him from repeat ing it Punch, and so save my credit. But as the plan may be of doubtful efficacy per haps you will try the alternative of leaving out any sucli anecdotes that may luivc becomc stale whenever the exigencies of space have compelled you to hold over my letters for a week. I cannot do more than give you the tint chance of a bit of news or gossip; there is no safe means of securing a monopoly for it. [We are sure our readers will be quite satisfied with this explanation, and at Ujp same time we apologise, to our correspondent for riecusfng iiim of pjaginiy.-ED.] The Show this year is. as anticipated, un usually interesting. Of course tlie intereM, mainly arises from the number of interesting and prcttytliings up from the South. Some, of the sections devoted to live animals are well filled. , There is a very varied show of dogs, plenty of cattle, horses so-so, and a f^w sheep. The opeuing day was gloriously fine, and people swarmfcd to the grounds. When I tell you that fully 10,000 individuals visited thefilaee in the oourse of Uie day, you may credit the statement that tliere was quite a crowd. * -The interior of the building looked quite foil of exhibits, in fact it was crowded in places, and the throng of visitors literally stuck fast In several of the narrow passages, especially in places where souio operation such as engraving glass, cutting toys with a baud wiw out of blocks of wood, or spinning tncclianical tops, was going on. As usual, there was a dense throng round the dais whereon Hell declared the show «]>cii. He made a vet; good gubernatorial sort of fjjoech, delivered (lowly, and in carefully rouudod periods, but he bungled a little dvor the paragraph in which allusion was made to' Diviuc l'rovideucc. lie had nearly forgotten it, but stop]ied himself in time and fitted It in. There wax less row than usual when the declaration was completed, {or there was hnriil^ any machinery in the place. On pre vious occu-siaus there lias generally been a mostinfermil din of steam whistles, &c.;, as churns to (lie salute tired by the volunteer artillery. The chief points of interest to local visitors ate the reproduction of port of the Ecgali.1 -huge massive tables, flagons, Sx., the Queen's pictures, the collection of Italian, mosaic work, delicately shaded flowers, Ilc., formed of colored stones'let into black Warlile, and the jewellery, some of it being admittedly imitation work, bnt very beautiful. Local productions ore rather ovcisliadowed, but that is, of course, an advantage from the sightseers' point uf view. The managers of (be affair have gone in for one piece of prudery. Among the ISuglisli pictures is one large one of Adam and Eve, the subject being the occasion when our luule progenitor was being fooled by bin better half to eat that unfortunate apple.' The attitudes and expressions of the two axe natural and well conoeived,- and the colouring is said by judges to be very admirable. But then you see Adam and Eve had neither a tailor nor a milliner, and although there is untiring meretricious .about the picture, and it lias hung boldly before oil the thousands who visited Sydney, it was felt that Brisbane morality would be shocked. Tiie ctuivus has, therefore, been hidden away in a back room. With regard to the other big pictures, those sent by the Queen, they ore disaptrainting cxccpt one of Chevalier's-Hie opening of the Vienna Exhibition. The Royal Procession in the Btrunil is pretty, but the scene depicted is not the London of my younger days. The street is there, but Chevalier hus brought to bear on it the bright atmosphere and vivid sunlight of Australia. Of course I ought not to say all this, nor do I say it here ; I just whisper it out your way. But there is a really good cirrus. For onee you may believe newspnper critiques. Among the refreshing novelties is a clever girl rider and juggler who is nearly if not quite good looking. ' In Parliament the debutes have been very dreary. There lins been same good arguing but, ns sometimes happens, the whole was conducted in a tlat key. Audit is not half over yet. The motion for the adoption of the mail contract lins merely passed one stage, and is now to be discussed iu com mittee. This iu itself will take a long time, and there lire two whole debates hanging to it. One of them will be on a motion by (iriflilli Unit the inc.llind of procedure is illeg.t!. the other on a motion by Douglas bearing oil the financial aspect of the busi ness. It is suid tlua the Opposition will ultimately stonewall, It niny be so. The general feeling do/n here is almost unani mously ngailitt the contract. Nut, remember, it contract, or a line of direct steamers. Some arc opposed to anything of iin1 kind, holding it to be either uncalled for or useless, ll.it of those in favor of the principle, mnstsecm to hold strongly to the opinion that the particu lar bargain now uudor discussion is a "%ry bail one, A striking ,'llusl/atian of the bU'Lvglli of LU' loud lljiIiuiLij L ww nlfoi Jed by the meeting last Monday. It was only ormovfir-cd by weans of n little advertise ment, unsigned, and generally understood to emanate from u buiall knot Qi! local agitator* without much influence or posit ion. No one expected anything but a failure. Vet, con. trury to eyj»ectatio», a large meeting rolled up composed mainly of houfuholders und substantia) men. The political bi^ wigs, bucli us Griffith and Uicknon, who had l»cen hanging round the outskirts wanting to wc what the affair would be like, mounted tin* plalfonu when they saw how the cat jumped. I But, though public opinion is running1 strongly against Miniricrs here just now, it; does not set iti a favorable tide towards the Opposition leader*. You know yon credit! me with being ft prophet; allow lue to ixifcr you bock to previous letters for an cxplana- j lion of what this anomaly portomis . I should mention that both Morcliead and 1 Hill spoke iu the debate. seriously and in I earnest. The member for the Gregory has sowed his wild oats politically, I fear. '1'liU is raihei' bad news for the funny men in the fraternity. Arthur Skctefclcy-Mrs. Brmvn-is im mense. Punch has engaged him to describe the opening of the Show. Dampicr ir ran* ning still. He is a better man thau J at first thought him; although even then 1 could see he was good, Thwo are men here from the Sydney Hfail, 7'oirn and Country. and Sydney VluttmUd ilfanr, To-morrow the Johnsonians will solemnly feed the Southern stranger*. Let me betray one Club sccret. Most of you know something of the PostmnstcT'Gciierul-C. S. Buzacott. What sort of a hand do you think he w»uld make ok president of a convivial meeting hugely composed of pro^racn. 2 have seen linn 44 bowing" a Johnsonian supper in his c;ipn city of President of the Club, and keeping the ball rolling without a moments pause literally for hours, maintaining one iucrcas* ing stream of hearty jollity. I* it nut a new light on the man. Really, even u seared and hardened |n»liiicmn is not without hi* good point*. 