FROM YOUNG TO MELBOURNE, CONTRIBUTED* no. 11. THE first thing that attracted my notice was the extraordinary growth «f the siihurhs. North Melbourne, St, Kilda, Carlton, Collingwood, &c.;, are now all one. A few years back there were £rea.t Raps between them, particularly between Melbourne and Collingwood and round towards Emerald Hill. It is all now densely built upon and populated. Many of the residences are very fine. The formation of gardens and planting of tvees have effected great improve ments. The Fitjroy and Treasury gardens are all new. In the Filzroy gardens there are fine walks, mckwork, a fern tree gully, and pieces <»f statuary. There is a long plane tree walk, which is a perfect grove, the trees having interlocked mid shut out every ray of (ho sun. There is also an elm walk. The fern tree Rully runs through the centre. A Btreatnof water runs along the botlom, and with moks, ami trunks nfco"rk, moss, lichens, commonpennyroyn , &c;, it is made to have the appenrance of a real fern gully, in a way that completes the deception. The pines nnd other great trees bavo grown to an immense height, and the fern trees stand thickly together, spread theit great fronds, and assist in ehu ting out the sun. The water ripples and bubbles along the bottom, thousands of English b rds twitter, sing, and hop abuut, and one feels a lonely sensation creeping through him with every draught of cool air. The sweet sylvan retirement of this spot cannot be surpassed. Then there are the botanical gardens, &c.;, &c.; Some of the pnblio buildings are very fine, but Sydney can bear favourable comparison in this respect. The Melbourne Post-office is a grand building, and so is the town-hall. The Houses of Parliament is about the most unsightly structure one conld see. The main building is blue stone, heavy, dull, and mournful looking, and a new addition is now going up of bricks, which, withnnt the architect's design,' I could make nothing of. The Congregational Church in Collins and Russoll-streets is without doubt a magnificent building of the Lombardic order. A great wing, or rather another large building has been added to it, and the foundation stone reveals that it was commenced in February, 1879. It is three times BB large as yimr Catholic Church, and it has been 1 finished and in use for some time. The Bank of Australasia is one of the fiuest in Melbourne. Tt stands"at the'corrier of Collins and Queen-streets. It is pure Ionic, composed of a beautiful whiteatone, like pure while marble called Omaru, and obtaiued from New Zealand. A good deal of the old heavy monotonous blue atone is disappearing, and Venetenet, a white stone, from Tasmania, and . granite are taking its place. There is a mixed style of architecture and materials becoming fashionable m Melbourne that cannot be commended. It is quite usual to see one storey Doric, the next Ionic, the next Corinthian, or we vena. One set of columns is, perhaps, sienna granite, the next grey, the next white sandstone ; and so on. Jijie streets are better paved, better kept, mid better watered than in Sydney. The cab fares are nuioh lower,- and th6re is .Je?B attempt nt eJttortloll. The rail way pnrtens are civil and obliging, and every man of them appears to be in his place to do his duty, und ho affords information in a manner that makes yoil feel you have given no trouble. At the station at the bottom of Elizubeth slroet there are several ticket offices, and no difficulty is experienced by a stranger in obtaining exactly what he wants. At tho Spencor-ftrcet station several new platforms have been erected. They are a great length, and the trains oome along on each side. There is a large o,)eii shed in the oentre, and in the centre of this abundance of seats for passengers iu waiting. The platforms ore rolled off; yon get your tiokot outside, and a^porter Hits at the krriir &nd; you art mi (tllQitwiiwo tiU yoybuw ^ f ; ^ crybi^ of thiftadies is 'made a matter of crying. r y i n g — ••--;-- - , - tlUSltieSa, UW..W v • , . \--"--.done scramble, no formed outside. There is no scramble, no n hurry, rry, or appearance — of ^ hurry ; everything goes dlfejre„rihi. f 1 . Ztie ...d bustle and eternal scrimf 'he J »He .. ^ Rodfern 8fcatiua. Recently, the Sydney Morning Herald wao very ereat in its description of a new car that had he.en finished by Hudson Brothers for our southern line. One would have thought from the descripti n that it was the hrst of ra|ldi t[)e kjnd in tile co|ouie8. I found several of tl (j|H < n lh(j Williamstowu line, lirst and sccilluj cia33. The 77eraWcuukl have ehnrtcned its description by saying " The car is similar to , th' , se ac in i,. use i.ot. at o« Melbourne." — r* II The Messiah was given at the Town Hall on Christmas night by the Philharmonic Society. It was a treat worth witnessing. I was a little late, and it was with difficulty I obtained a seat. The gallery was reserved for subscribing members, and was not crowded, but in every >ther part of the building there was not a vacant ^ The hi, ifi a gl^us one beautifully decraced. ihe pale blue, pink, gray, and gold glittered under the li^lit nf ih« cbau.leliers. The brilliancy of the ladles' dress-es, the glitter of siver, g«ld, and colour, tbe maniiitieeut organ, and tbe perfect Ben of head- inudo np a grand sight. The tenor was a Mr. Fred Lmeker. When I entered he was in the middle of " Coinfm t Ye." This ami " Every Valley" were complete failures. The long runs in the latter were completely spoilt, for although thm gentleman has a fair voice, and is quite capable of taking a respectable position in most concerts, "Every Valley 1 ' is evidently beyond htm, A MiBS Rees was the soprano. It seems this was her first appearance in oratorio ami she acquitted herself Hell, but moot assuredly r.he is not entitled to the Unlimited praise IH-MMUWI upon her by the >rgu«. Many of h«r IIIIIS wero wanting in touch »nd linish ol eXHcuimn, and although time will cure this, it io unfair to her to write her up as perfection. " Rejoice greatly 0 Daughter of Zion" was defective, " He shall speak Peace" and " I know that my Redeemer liveth" were very j^ood, particularly the latter. Mrs. Cutter was the contralto, and she i? so well known that itseems snpHrfious to say a word about her. Hersweetness, truth, purity, depth of lone nnd feeling, her accuracy of execution, the ease with which she executes different passages, and her accurate time, all combined, render her singing charming. .Nothing could bo finer than " fie was despised." She was heartily and enthusiastically cheered in a way that showed the impression made on the audience. Mr. Lam le ihe bass, has an established reputation, and he was quite equal to his previous achievements. The choruses were very line, and when tho first note of Hallelujah was struck and the audience rose en masse—the scene was imposing. Tho time was perfection itself. " Hallelujah !" after " Hallelujah '." came with a precision that gave the idea tha they had been shot from a musical cannon. The building trembled at each volley j yot ti e " damping off" WRS instantaneous The orchestra was well managed, and during the whole oratorio the orgau did good service in a very iinobstrnsive manner—so quietly that it could scarcely be distinguised. The trumpet was a mistake. The cornet nearly put everything out once. I wished Handy Andy had been there to put liis cork in its throat. In the " Amen" the organ had an opportunity of dis> playing its grand capabilities. It is a fine instrument aud worthy of all the praise bestowed on it. The Juvenile Industrial Exhibition is a Ijjoio display. It is wonderful what has been produoed, but I noticed that many of the exhibits were by " juveniles" of " 22 years old." Notwithstanding this, however, it is very creditable. There are two winding stair cases admirably done, and there are a pair of ponies carved out of voud, life size, harnessed, and attached to a buggy, all the work of youngsters. The exhibition is in the new maikti in Bourke-street. The entrance fee is <>ne shilling. Some of tbo drawings and paintings are very good, but unavoidably they are buim in a bad light. The entrance to the Academy of Music ic very tine, it is a large vestibule, and plate glass mirmrs, crimson aud gold abound. There are abundance of crimson plush chairs similar to those iu the dress circle of the Royal in Sydney for porsous during intermission. " Rnliinsun Crusoe" was the pantomiue at the Opera House. It iB sorry stuff. An old English thing cooked up with a few weak local hits. In speaking of Mi8. Cru-oe, a fat heavy old woman, we find such sniff as this, D«vy—" I'm glad slic was went Tim—Her dander^ up. that's very hcavi- dent JIcMkliis—.tlic fairly flooiodus with stinging Mows M\i mido a ' heavy dcnV upon my nose." It was badly acted ns iveil. The scenery wa» very fine, and the artist was called two or three times to receive a just tribute to his skill. The house is a badly ventilated dingey dirty hole. You caunot see well from more than one or t«n positions, and the seats in the rlresB circle arti benches, hard aud uncomfortable. " The Babes in the Wood" at the Royal was much belter, Tile acting was good, the local hits pungent, and the scenery beyond description, and it was bespinMed all through with absurd fun. There w s a truthful view of all the coast scenery from Port Phillip Heads to Sydney Heads, and the transformation scene was a realization of the best description in the Arabian Wights Tales. One good hit was, the old governess calls up the " babes" for a lesson in arithmetic, short division. £6000 is put on a i-lackbuard, it ie divided by 2, and nolhinq remains. In reference to the Embassy. All the houses were crowded. The difference between the population ot Melbourne and Sydney is very matked at holiday time. The plaoes of amusement, the steamers, the railway carriages, and the streets are allciowdcd. There was nothing very wonderful in the failure of our cricketers, ft was holiday time, Melbourne was in the full swing of merrymaking, the crioketers felt that they were out for a holiday, and I saw and hoard enough to satisfy me that they were not in R condition on the first morning of thB match to cope with their adversaries. The Melbourne men going in first, with a clear sky and a fine wicket, had it all their own way. Then on Friday night, and till eight o'clock on Saturday morning down came the rain, a steady heavy downpour, I was surprised to find iu the Avgm and Tele graph that-the rain desoended in a " few light howers," This was not generous, although 1 do not think that our men would have suooeeded under any circumstanoes on Saturday. The rain, however added to their ill luck and bad condition, and disheartened tbein, and as one of them said to me, " when we heard the rain we knew there was not a ghost of a chance." Exactly at noon, I found myself at the en* trance to the Melbourne Public Library. Two attendants relieve visitors of their umbrellas, sticks, and bags. You receive a brass ticket in exchange with a number, and Upon giving up this you regain your articles as you go out, Ladies have to leave their poodles outside, or temaln out with them. There is no change iu the library upstairs, but there is a new newspaper and periodical reading room down stairs, and two halls for statuary and casts, a room fof native implements, &c;, a technological mw0lSm, an enclosure with seats, ferns, and^blarge fountain plnjing; and then, the object of my visit—the National Gallery of Victcma. PassiPg tlopg a U>pg pw»gg 4«wrotejf Willi etelji ings, drawings, and photographs, I entered the . chamber, reached the centre, took a chair, I focussed the " Italian Brigands," and sat spell 1 bound for fully fifteen minute*. This was worth all the journey. The picture has been described over and over again by better pens , than mine, but no description can convey any idea of it. I do not wish any one to suppose for a moment that it comes near many of the almost superhuman works of the old masters, but there it is, with all the striking force, and life like reality that can be imparted only to the canvas by genius. The canvas is 12 by 21ft., and looks much larger. One hardly knows where to examine the picture best. It is lit from the right, which IB a deviation from the usual conventional lighting from the left, and as I looked at it a flood of light was poured upon it from above, which displayed every inch of it to the best advantage. The eye is necessarily attracted at first to the centre group. An English gentleman and lady (which by a strange accident are portraits of the MarquiB of Lome and Princess Louise), have been captured by brigands. The gentleman is seated on a rock, and the slim delicate form of the lady is on her knees, with his coat grasped convulsively in her delicate hands, her head buried on her bosom, but partly upturned, evidently imploring him to sign the order for money that will secure thuir release. The captain of the band is a dirty looking villain, dressed in a dirty white shirt, velveteen breechos, gaiters, and a red sash around his waist. He is tendering a pen with his left hand, while his right grasps a revolver with his finger on the trigger, and paper is spread on the square block of rock between them. The gentleman has his left arm around the delicate form of his wife or sister, while his right hand,.with clenched fingers, rests on the rook, and with knitted brows he hurls a look of defiance on the brigand sufficient, one would think, to blast a human being. But it Is met by a oool indifference, which showB how useless it is. Immediately behind tile lady stands a ruffian with a face of the moat perfect indifference, and one can imagine that to receive a share of the booty, or cut the lady's throat would be equally matters of no moment to him. He has two large pistols in his belt. To the left, on a piece of shelving rock sits a sort of brigand dandy iu _ a velveteen jacket, brown hat, and a few marigolds jauntily fixed in his hat band. This figure is a magnificent piece of painting. Nothing can be bolder, more truthful or finer. Bis hands are locked on one knee, and the deception is so great that he sits there a living, breathing being ; and it seems impossible to realise that he cannot speak. His brown tanned hands and face, the wrinkles in his fingers, the faded velvet on his shoulder, the very grain of the felt in his hat, the mountings on the gun slung at his back, and the creases in the skin of his neck, all speak out with a reality that must bo seen to be understood. The riding boot of the gentleman is worn a little by rubbing against the saddle, and it is so truthful. His boots, and the gaiters of the CRptain are covered with the dust of the road, BO real that nothing can persuade you you cansot whisk it off with your handkerchief. One of the ruffians behind the Beated figure is endeavouring to call the captain's attention to a cross above the grave of some wayfarer who has been previously murdered, so that it may be urged as an additional inducement for signing the order. There are many other figures in the group equally worthy of notice. The apparent ease with which some of the most striking poiuts of the picture have been proproduced is marvellous. The piece of rock on which the left hand figure sits is jagged, and broken, and caught the stream of light from Btnove. I went close to it. A hog hair brush has lifted a large quantity of very thick white paint, and with one sweep for a few inches has left the colour thickly, then it has been dipped into brown, and this has le n drawn through it on the shaded side, and the fracture is complete ; and so on. Again, the foreground has been impaBted with thick paint, broken up, jagged and rough, to the thickness of a quarter of an inch in places, slightly softened aud left. The consequence is that there are hundreds of small real shadows falling from the roughness of the colour. The dust on the boots, on close examination is mere paint, but go back, focus the picture, and the deception is as great as ever. " Moses bringing down the Tables of the Law,' is 20ft. lOin. by lift. 4in. It is a fine picture but haB been overwritten. The great excellence of this picture is the peculiar management of light. In thiB respect it is very fine, and the drapery of Moses and one or two more figures is good, but still you are not deceived— it is a picture. "Esther" and " A Question of Propriety" are very fine, and " Checkmate" is a little gem. There are many very fine piotures but your space will not permit of further description. Some typographical errors appeared in the publication of our correspondent's last contribution, Fallon's wibes should have been described as Verdeilho, Sbiraz, Brown Muscat, and Oarbinet; and the sentence. " There is Lady Franklin's Hill, where that lady and her distinguished husband resided" should read, which that lady and her distinguished husband ascended. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V. FIFTEEN OF N. S. WALES.—The game between the Australian Eleven and Fifteen of New South Wales was resumed on the Association Ground Wednesday morning. On the previous evening the Eleven had closed their seoond innings for a total of 154, according to the official score, between which and that of the Press there was a difference of one run, which left our representatives 211 to get to win. As they had made two more than that number in their previous essay, it was thought just possible that they might pull the game out of the fire; but from the outset the hopes of the New South Welshers were doomed to be disappointed, for Garrett, who had been looked upon as good for 20 runB, sucoumbed to Alexander when the total was only 8. When Sheridan and Alick Bannerman were thus brought together the score mounted Steadily, both men' playing very carefully, and the total had been increased to 41 when Palmer dismissed the latter with a magnificent ball. Neither Geary norMassie troubled the scorers greatly, the latter only standing for two balls, and four wickets for less than a fourth of the number required looked bad for the result. Allen and Sheridan brought the total up to 74, when they followed one another out in quiok succession, and Gregory only saw 2 more added thereto when he also retired. The totai stood at 83 for 0 wickets, when Moses joined Webster, and the new-ooiner mede the game very lively for a short while, scoring a treble and four 4V in rapid sticcessii n; nnd it was not until the board showed 121 that a separation was effected and Webster sent back to the pavilion. The remaining four men did not give much trouble and the innings closed for 134, leaving the Eleven the victors by 76 runs. The day was eool and pleasant, but there was only a meat-re attendance of spectators, 400 being the extreme limit.—Daily Telegraph. Mr. Jennings, tho Executive Commissioner of the intends to ask the Government to run excursion^?" 18 at a rcrr low c gwe, with a view of enabling cou®!7 people U> visit the Exhibition, He will also Buggew that indueommts should bp held fg>ctultaAM»Uiti 