THE NEW TAXES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. . Sir, — I trust that in your columns will be found room for the free expression of publio opinion on the enrrent toplos of tho day if tem perately expressed and free from anything of a personal oharaoter. This is my prefaoe in entering a protest and raising a ory of war ning against ths latest politiaal departure, viz, tbe new oxciae duties on tobaeco and beer, I call it a departure baoaaso it is a prin ciple never before advanced by tbe Liberal party, never put on the Liberal platjorm,nover brought before tho people of the aountry as a desirable method of raising revenue. In faet with each suddenness has It corns upon publio men, withont any timo boing afforded for tho expression ot publio opinion, that It almost amounts to a coup d'otot. I trust then ; oar pahlio men will seriously considor tbe responsibility, oast upon them in finally doaidiog upon this measure. They should fully acquaint thorn solves with tbe merits of tbe question, bearing in mind it has naver been brought before the people foran expression of the popular will ; and when Introduced by a Ooasorvatlve Ministry was rejeoted by a LlberalParllainont. Has anything oeourrod in the meantime to alter tbo position of affairs ? Why tbon has a Government professing to be Libsral surrepti tiously introduced such a measure ? By the tariff now in force in this oolony the industrial and working classes pay their full share of taxes to the revenue ; why then saddle them with more ? These taxes will confessedly fall npon ths classes named; how Is this justified? Have all reasonable sources of revenue beau tapped and exhausted ? Has the wsalth of OollinB street and the metropolis been reached ? The answer must bs No, aud the reason must be found in the psople of the co lony being deceived by tha Bsrry Ministry, What will this tax do? Does it promote pro duction ? Will it in any shape encourage in-, dnstry ? Will it prevent tho greatest aurse of any country, the establishment of monopolies? The answer must bo No, and not only No in its negative sense, but in the mora positive one of retarding our production and discouraging our industries, and establishing a huge monopoly in tho manufaetnre of tobacoo. Shall suoh a measure then pass beoause Mr Berry wills it ? Has tho day gone by when people have ceased .tujuugu ui measures ana enrnx oaiy ot the men ? I have more faith in the latelliggnos of our publio men than to think they are simply sent into Parliament to obey the behests of Mr Berry. It muit also bo kept in view that the press of the oolony . is a power only when it expresses the wishes and will of the people — It beoomes their spokesman as it were. With regard to the taxes alluded to in this letter, the press does not express the will or wish ot the psople, and therefore, in this oase, is not their spokesman. True, a freeooluma may be open to us, and we are tbanklul even (or thin advantage; bnt then ws are not trained and educated writers, who might even make the worse appear tho better cause. We have none o! those aids; wejoanoaly roly upon tbe merits of a good oauss roughly expressed. It has besn urged that tobaooo is a very proper article to tax. I would like to inquire why ? Is it beoanse it falls upon the poor and industrial classes ? Is it boaause it odIIs upon the State in any way for a Bpeoial ex- poodltnre of publio revenue? It may be answered that it is not a neeoisary ; so are one half thB ordinary artioles that enter into our daily consumption, and it does not make them special artioles fortaxatlon. The habits or tastes of poopio differ. With this .tbe State has nothing to do, eo long as itB effect is not to make men or woman .woreo oitizoos. It asr- tainly should oonstitnto no basis for taxation founded on justioe, The man who smokes or drinks beer Has a right to pay bis share of taxation to the revonuo of tha country; but by no prinoiple of right or justice Bhould be he oalled upon to pay more. The man who does not smoke or drink beer has no right to bs ex empt beoanse of that fact from his share of taxation. The basis of taxation for rcvoaue purposes should bs the ability of the person taxed to pay L. Tho man living upou an in come of say L75 a year cannot be uxpeVed to pay an equal sum with tho mas wrioss In come amounts to L750. It bas also bsen said that a large revenue was raised upon tobacco which is now failing owing to tho local produc tion driving the imported out of the market. I am extrcmoly glad to hear this; it is tho grosteBt proof of tbo positivo success of our proteotive polioy ; it is really a thing to re joice at that we can now grow par own tobacoe leaf, employ our own labor, use our own ekill in Ls manufacture, and yet find tho prioe of the article redueed to ths consumer. It was good to raise revonuo 'from whoa it was tho means to accomplish this result that oreated a new industry, that gave labor and kept a large amount of money in the oauntry that otherwise would have gone to foreign lands. It is bad to raiso revonuo from when it does not carry ont those objects, whoa it trommols our own Industry oaly to pnt tba burden upon our working and poorer classes. Let well alone; don't rush into now departures that have nothing to justify them but tho will of politioal loaders, and that have not b3ea asked for bv the public. L9t no man celling himself a Libsral support suoh a measure Imposing a new tax upon the class least nblo to bear it, and that is not justified by any corre sponding advantages. What do ws at onoe find as the positive result of the measure ? Why, that the poor cigar manufacturers— many of whom are quito incapacitated from making a UviDg at any other occupation— ara utterly ruined,and deprived of their living. This I am sorry to say is no exaggeration, but a startling reality. Tbe pioneors of the industry, settling down in obscure nooks, growing their own tobacoo, exposed as thoy have been to the un equal competition of the Chinese, and who have been obliged to live by manufacturing their own leaf, are nowiby this unjust measure1 foroibly deprived of their means of living, Tboso who are the means to work Bnoh an evil upon e poor, Industrious olass arc undeserving of the trust or oonfid9noo of n poople who desire justice and love llbetty. Let no class then ho considered bo weak or so few that tbey Bhould be injured by any legislative euaotmant, or their intarosts be uncarod for beoause they have not tho ability or.tbo power to defend themselves. This excise tax has only to be known to be execrated, and ns it becomes known it nnd its anthora will be politically barted by those who politically oreated them — the people of the colony. Let those who have to adjudioate upon this mouBure make for a moment tho oasa of those who aro so vitally aoncornod tboir own oase, Let them coneidar if those so rained should pationtly submit to bs ostracised with out an effort to oppose or oxpose it nnd its enactors, When the division tukus place on this question In the House, the ghost of tho people will bo there to say to mnmhors who support it, " We meet again". — Yours, etc.. MICHAEL LANDY. Bringolong, Gippsland, 19th December. 