THE CAPTURE OF A BLACK BOY ' BY DUO VERS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In The Argus of the 12th when. there ' appears a paragraph, extracted from the Riverine Herald of Monday last, to which, I think, the attention of the public, and especially of the Aborigines' Friends Society, ought to be immediately directed. The paragraph states that a party t of i drovers in Queensland captured a very dimi- ' native black boy after a long chase, that his parents followed them for three days in the hope of regaining; their lost child that he was tied up at night to prevent his escape, and that, being found extremely useful in separating the cattle, he was brought on to Melbourne, where he now appears to be perfectly happy and quite reconciled to his captivity. Now, Sir, many assert that the blacks have none of those keen parental feelings which European parents possess (although those who are best acquainted with them know the assertion to be utterly unfounded), and pro- fess to imagine that no outrage can be done to them ; but is it not a crime to steal a child, no matter what may be the motive for it, whether that child be black or white-a crime punishable by British law in every part of the British dominions? I believe you will agree with me that it is, I also believe that your sense of justice will induce you to take some notice of this matter, so that steps may be taken for repairing the grievous wrong done to the parents of this child, black though they be, and for effectually preventing any similar occurrence in future. I enclose my card, and am, AN ADVOCATE FOR JUSTICE. j June 12 TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS Sir, In your Saturdays issue appears an i extract from the Riverine Herald relating to a party of drovers passing through to Melbourne with cattle, accompanied by a diminutive and wonderfully agile black boy captured " after a long chase I learn further that the parents followed the drovers for three days in the hope of regaining their lost child, No I hope, Sir, in the interests of humanity and justice, that the authorities will lose no time in investigating the matter with a view to punishing the Pathans who have disgraced their manhood and country by this outrage How your Riverina contemporary could allow such an atrocity to pass unchallenged passes my comprehension especially after giving such details as the wretched parents fruitlessly following their stolen offspring in the hopes of recovering it Who can wonder at the bloody reprisals made upon the European in the back country of Queensland Are there not special war vessels kept to But press black birding in the Australian waters ' if so why is the foul action of which I write allowed to pass unquestioned' Can any father or mother read the narrative to which I refer and not feel disgusted and dis- honoured at it' I trust that the official known in this colony as protector of the aborigines will at once see his way to move with a view to the restitution of the poor little creature to his parents and the prosecution of the scoundrels vi he captured him after a long chase -I am c GHOST OF WILBERFORCE. June 14. 