WABWICK: CPESDAY. JPNE 22. 1880. The siabFk/klrang'si spbecIi at < T7 Mnytjiyopgh. amiioiuTtJ j. j- ' ? i TH«*pMch^^th«,H9P,,HL.E.Kmo, delivered Before Tils constituents at Maryborough on Wednesday evening, an witlirfe -of which appeared in bur last issue, ii indeed '& remarkable one -remarkable from whatever standpoint it is irfaro3r^ ]'Ik>pi6d aVas'theuiter ancee of'M6 jMliVratial toeniber of the Assembly, or as. the embodiment of the opinion Speaker;'tbe outline J already before'the public is sufficiently suggestive that the speech of this pecu liar pregnant With Bourcesofjnteresfr to politicians in general. When we read Mr. SING'S latest effusion, and observe that his policy is,^w&ed;£by.ih6 .people of Maryborough qfaigst unanimously, we are agf-a ljtt)e. contused, and can only conclude that iris peculiar views enlisted the admiration of the Maryborough people on account of promised activity With gaiqpBt toithe.Bijrrum railway and an extension of the Gympie line to the point ol shipffiug: *li' The hon. gentleman whose opinions we are now considering formerly held Office, it' *vill be remembered, in the MACALISTER Administration, soon after Mr. Palubr'b squatting phalanx had been ousted, in 1874. It was pretty well known that he seceded from that Hinistry because. bis colleagues denied him the exclusive right to control tho works policy Of ? the colony. Since then he hosJ^n-Kgardjod by the leaders of | the Blouse as belonging to no particular party (An-able politician and a forcible speaker who«e comparative silence dur ing the past few years has been entirely owing ty.tiis occupancy of the Speaker's chair. So that in this respect, his coming out as he has done on an en tirely new platform, which cannot bo viewedjas «ither Ministerial or Opposi tion, it otJl^ in temping with his past history. The truth of this assertion can lie vpucned for by all who have watched the past career of this per verse, t,(Mnscientious politician. Not two years ago Mr. Kino was clectcd for Maryborough as-a supporter of the then moribund DouotAS Government, und, therefore, as un opponent of tbo parly aspiring fjjfr'power. And now ho makes his appearano6 before the same elec tors, who are supposed to have under gone no change in their political opin ions, and delivers a speech entirely opposed in almost every important par ticular to'the position Unoccupied and maintained when seeking the confidence of his constituents. But the strangest part of the affair is that the lion, gentleman secured the coutideucc of his constituents on both occasions. The promise of the slaughter of innumer able " fatted calves" for the exclusive benefit of exclusive Maryborough may be taken as furnishiug some explana tion of Mr. KINO'S gratifying reception in a Conservative role by a Liberal con stituency, but whether the Speaker had a tittle of authority for one half of his promises to his grateful and admiring constituents remains to lie seen. It is luore thaii probable, however, that when his dearly espoused schemes come on for discussion before a disinterested Assembly, Mr. KINO will at all oven Is -find that the great bulk of the -people's representatives hold opinions differing | widoly-from those he seems to. cntfcr-: tain. Ho will probably be given to understand that the main interests of Queensland are not concentrated, at Maryboroujj^i, as its people and at least 040 of its representatives oppoar to J think is the case. Mr.' KING is remem bered as one of tho most violent party uieir in the House,"1 At'one t!i|ie,J)ot so very 'long.&jfO;, l)e joined .in the anti Squq.ttpr. .cry.ffitfa as pinch vehemence I aisthe mDStnHBoamproprisitilg opponent* of squ&ttferl;&itiRtid; 'now, to judge by ! his speech, he has discovered that the only | hope the colony lias of . future prosperity is to be found in the interest be once opposed with undoubted deter mination and ability. Mr. Kino was v.ery explicit on the question,of the trunk line; lo.tbe Wies(" but, characteristic,to a degr<\e, Jle Jsfy from'consistent, for while he expresses bis approval and support of all three lines, he cafldicHy demits that one would be quite sufficient.,' J3ut.be justifies his adhesion to the triple scheme ou the very weak and untenable grounds that its adoption will overcome '"local jeal ousies." And ip tho taxpaying-public in general to be , mttde subservient to the. wishes p£ one or two sparsely'popu lated jealousy- stricken districts? In this'tespect the hon. gentleman's speech is remarkable ;for. its weakness more than anything 6lse, for -110 man in bis sound jenBes wouldudmitthat the rea sons advanced were sufficiently valid for arriving atauch a decision. Mr. KINO asBertBthafthrccmntry to be tappet! by these proposed railways is equal to the famous pastoral country of tho neigh boring colonies, and draws comparative estimated of'the' productiveness of the oountry 'to M tapped and the Eiverina district. Butthehon. gentlemanseems to entirely , ignore the fact-fot-sucb'it is-that the construction of railways to the Riverina district is simply con solidating a' railway system-bringing well settled (prosperous districts. into easy communication with the metro polis and the seaboard; whereas, iii our case we will not only Hot be consolida ting our railway'sybtem, but we will bp building lines to meet nothir.g. Wo shall possibly,eveutually reach th e South Australian border, beyond which are vast and' ttlmost interminable deserts for tiundreds ef miles-an unknown, unexplored interior which has not tho merit of bping inhabited by oven the .wild black or the marsupial. I Wo have not yet received tho Mary borough papers, and are therefore not in possession of ah authoritative report in detail of Mr. KING'S speech. When perused in its integrity it will probably be found to furnish many passages ac tually courting criticism ; at all events,' it will afford us a more correct compre hension of the nature and extent of Mr. KINO'S promises. - It will bo interesting to see how the Maryborougbites receive the Hou, JOHN DOUGLAS, who left by steamer on Saturday for the purpose of addressing his .constituents. Will Mr. DOUGLAS endorse the opinions and re iterate the promises of his co-represen tative ? And will his constituents give him a pledge of renewed confidence? The close of Mr. KINO'S speech ex hibits Mr. Speaker in his Sew character as an out-and'out Protectionist. Itimay not be inopportune to invite the atten tion of 'Mr. Kara and other believers in protection to the sentiments expres sed by Lord BEACONBFIELD and Earl Granville in the House of Lords laBt year, and the opinion of the London Tones thereanent, which they will do well to consider carefully s Lord BEACONBFIELD, the late . Conserva tivo Prime Minister, said-" Wy Lords, many years ago-nearly 40-this countiy, which no one can Bay for a moment did not flourish with the old system of Protection, deemed it neces sary to reviBe the principles upon which its commerce was conducted. There wero three courses-to use a Parliamentary phrase common to these times (laughter)-which wpre then open to the eminent man to whom it fell to solve this problem. Sir It. Peel might, in the first place, have reconstructed our commercial syBtom on a scale of very low duties to apply generally to every item in the tariff. In the second place, be might have endeavoured to reconstruct our commercial system by those commercial treaties of which we have heard so much to-night. And lastly, it lay before him to take a third course, which WAS at once to determine to fight hostile tariffs with free import?. The scheme that was adopted was this-that we were to fight hos tile tariffs with froe imports. I was among those who looked upon that policy with fenr. I believed it to he onc very perilous, and these feelings were shared by numerous parties in both Houses of Parliament, and by a numerous and influential parties in the country. The decision of England on this subject was a decision which was not hurried." Of Reciprocity Iiord Beaconsfirld said:-" But ft is a phantom that cannot exist. There arc no means and no men, from whatever side of tho Government of tho country muy be drawn whatever members may form it, who em «omc forward now with a large system of commercial exchange founded on the principle of reciprocity." Lord OaANViti.K, the Liberal leader in the House of Lords, said" My firm conviction is, though the chango came gradually upon him, that Sir B. l'eel had tho strongest con viction that the principles of absolute Free Trade were the right ceououiical principles, and (lull tlieir application would prove the greatest practical benefit, to llic country, ;us 1 believe they have proved." The Timcfl newHpapcr, a Htrong supporter of the late Government, pnye, in a leading article on the debate:-" We do nol argue tho doctrine of Free Trade. We do notnrguo that the earth is a globe. There is, or lately was, ii. waudcring lecturer who souiiht to prove that wo dwelt on a flat plane, and it is reported that lie often embarrassed the mis cellaneous audiences he collected. The fact in a satire on our national education; but, instead of stopping to instruct these imper fectly taught hoiuoi'H, we should lofcr them to some school book on geography or as tronomy. The time lms coiuo when n man who supposes that free trade is injurious to a nation, oven when, na with ue, our free im port^ are mot with hostile tariffs, may be re-1 ferred to a priinor on political cconomy. Any I approach to free trade, whether it is rccipro cated or not. is a 6tep towards the uioro easy j KatiBfaetion of our wants. It liberates one limb, and itie better to have one limb free thaii all bound up. Lord Morley summarized ! the argument with threat brevity and force j last night, and he rightly stated the conclu sion to be that the policy wo have pursued must be appro rod by all, except those who hold that if we cannot get a whole loaf it is : better to have none, liut there ure many with whom authority has weight who ;iro not easily reached by ivrgument, and for them Lord Beaccnsfield's declaration »u«st bo final. Reciprocity is n phantom that cannot exist. Uncertain as a ghost in its outlines, those who talk of it cannot give it a shape, and the su^uestion of it must be dismissed as that of an' illusory intrusion into our nalional coun bcIb." I 