" STRANGE, IP TEUE." '. ; SDOH was the. thonght that pass through roy mind after bearing the tal mentioned below, and tbs discussion th naturally arose concerning them. I ai of course, no believer iu " ghoBt storiet but, as many of my readers doubtle know, there are circumstances which see to baffle all attempts at explanation. Sue I think, are those whioh were late repeated to me, and which, believing th might interest our randers, I intei to write down as they are said to ha ooourred, Bgfore, however, oommenois to do BO, I think it best to say that a! the stories were related by. the person who were aatnally concerned in them.. About three years ago, a gentleme holding a government tituation at tl Cape, was residing, for a time, in tl exeoution of his duty, in a Email *villa| some distance from Cape Town. It wc in general, a very quiet place, with on a few regular residents ; a great many the honses remaining closed moat of tl year, their owners living eleewhero < their farms. Once in. twelve month however, tho little village became qui gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a total different aspect. Thia waa on the occasil of tho annual fair, when, ia strong contra to its usually almost desorted look, tl plaoo waa literally crowded with visitors all kinds. The timo of the fair waa very closo i hand, when tho gentleman to who I 'havo referred, a man in the prime . life, activo, strong, in vigorous healtl and not in any way imaginative, left tl house where he was residing, with the ii tention of taking a walk. It was a clea beautiful evening, tho moonlight makin all as distinot as in the day ; and he pause beside ono of the empty houaea airead mentioned, for the purposo of lighting b: pipe. There was not a cloud to ho seen not a shadow cast any whore near where li was standing, when suddenly, from roun the oornor, as if just leaving the hall-doo: passed a full-sized coffin, just such a heigh from tba ground as would have been th case bad it been carried cn men's shoulden The gentleman watched it with a feeling o Cariosity, and it seemed to disappear ii the distance. Ee told mo that no on could have mistaken it, tho Bbapo being s perfectly denned. It stood out grey an< opaque in the clear, sweet sir, and passel him so closely that ho could have laid hi 'hand upon it. Wondering at the Btrangi sight, but without any feeling of dread o fear oonneoted with it, ho waa yet suffl oiently impressed by the circumstance t< write it down, with the date and hour, it his note-book, and to mention it to thi doctor, who was an intimate friend of his though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, ever when assured that my friend had seen it a: plainly as he then raw himself. Somi days passed, and in tho busy, daily life, the affair was forgotten by both gentlemen. The fair-time armed, and, as usual, th< little village was crowded. Amongst th« visitón was a young man suffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottago boforo named. All tho skill ot tht dootor proved unavailing, and, amidst the genoral gaiety, the shadow of death fal! upon him ; and, three days after hie arrival, his coffin waa carried ont of the house from whence the gentleman had seen the strange sight issue. On reminding the dootor of what he had been told, the latter said that had he remembered the facts, he would have sont the invalid eUewhero; though, ot coarse, it tho call, "Come up hither," had gone forth from the Mastic's lips, no earthly power could have stayed the departing spirit. Aa I said before, I am no believer in ghost stories, tut when a atrango fact such aa this is declared fo have been seen by a practical, unimaginative man, in good lealth, one scarcely knows what to think of it. The scene of my next story is laid in Kew Tork, in a handsome house in one of the beat parta of the city i the lady who related it resided there at the time; tho other inmates consisting of her hueband, two children, and servants. A cousin with whom abe had been brought bp from infancy, usually lived with them, but his health having latterly failed, ho had gone, by advice, to Florida. Ono afternoon, as she wai sitting playing- with the little oneB, the nurse, who was also in tho room, exclaimed, " Thcro is Mr. George !" Look ing up, the lady, to ber astonishment, (aw her cousin, whom oho bcliovcd to bo BO far away, standing in a leaning attitude against tho open door, gazing at the morry group; naturally enough, her first remark waa to enquire why ho bod returned, but he gave no answer and mored away, as aho thought, to go upstairs. Just at that moment, her husband entered by another door, and she at once told bim that " George was at home, and gone to his room." Glad to hear the welcome, though quits unoxpooted nows, the gentloman followed him, but soon came down, saying ho waa not there. Greatly puzzled as to where their cousin could hare disappeared, they searched every room with os little success ; no one, save the lady and her norse, having aeen him about tho houBe, i Almost the next mail brought them the ' tad intelligenos that tho young nan had died of rap'd decline, at the very hour of the day on which hia cousin had, aa ehe thought, spoken to him in her own drawing-room. The lady to whom thia Happened had always been most averse to putting any faith in stories of this kind, and, but for the news of his death having occurred precisely at the time ehe Baw him, would always have remained convinced that he had returned and played some trick upon her. The most singular part of the circum Btance is, I think, that whilst the lady and nurse both saw and ¿poke to him. the children took co notice of one v.-hoin they bad always loved, being in the same ! room. I Another meat curious talo, indeed, the most puzzling of nil, was related of a eoldier leaving his noat through secine; the "spirit," as be affirmed, of ono of his officers, who, unknown to him, bad just shot himself ; but having read it in ono of onr daily papers, I do not repeat it, as my Teadors may, in all probability, have done the came. My last story in one that happened on board «hip, and that seems to mo very pathetic from tho great lovo that must have existed between the friends. It wa? on a lovely evening that ono of the passengers on board a homeward-bound Indiaman, tempted by the beauty of the soene, was lingering on deck, unwilling to exchange tho pure sea broezo for th* heated atmosphere below. Looking round, with a feeling that ho was no longer alone, and expecting to FOP one of his companion?, be was surprised to see Eitting beside him, the dearost friend he posaeBsod, and who, as he knew, was stationed, somewhere in the West Indies. " B-'* he exclaimed, utteriy bewildered by seeing the face so familiar to him gazing fondly, yet sadly at him ; " how came you hero ? Have you boon bidden away all these days ?" As ho spoke half-jestingly, a strange sensation carno over him-waB he dreaming or mud ? How eonld B-, who was hundreds of miles away, be now on board with him ? "How did you get bera?" he asked/his voice insensibly taking an awa-tfruck tone. . "I came to see you," wai the answer, spoken in low, strangely thrilling acceniB ; " I felt I «lust 'see you, but I cannot stay longér." < Ho laid his hand on that of his friend as he spoke, pressing it with the old gentle touch the other remembered so well, and was gone before any answer could bo made. For a long time, tbe officer sat pondering on the strange virit ; then taking out his note-book in the oright stur-light-, bè plaoed the faot» on record, with the hoar and date. Ho did not moulien the cir cumstance on board, knowing well how improbable euch a story would appear, but it was with a heavy heart that he saw the " white cliffs of old England" blooming visible, for a deep eonviotiou hud taken possession of his heart that, on landing, he would, in some way, receive sud tidings of his old and well-loved friend. He knew that he had been awake and that speech had passed between his strange visitor and - himself, but who that visitant waa, he dreaded, brave soldier though he were, to attempt to explain. Jjanding in Engluntl, his fears were soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on the very night when he bad Keen and spoken to him,[his friend had died in the West Iudie's. * ' I do not pretend tu give any explanation of these " strange stories ;" thone who told them to me averted solemnly timi vhs tauts, were just as they had st«!6d them, abd 1 bhve- no reaeon to diebeliov« 'heir w.ird. That snob things may ouour, by permission of onr'all-wise Creator, ia quito possible, but, whilst prsnting-so mnob, I think every one should do his or her utmost to pat down and destroy that'foolish, hurtful belief in those so-called " ghoct- storioB," that liuvc. so often done suoh irretrievable mischief to timid natures and young ohildien. Thinking the ' above aooonnts curious and somewhat out of the common-nt least, the first and third-I bavo simply "told tho tala BB 'twas told to me," leaving my readers to form th'ir own judgments about them. _ BUD, I think Hamlet's wordB may, wlthjjnstloe, bs quoted regarding them, " That there are more ching« in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our pbiloeopby," and that, in very truth, saab stories are "strange, if true." : I E. A. O. I 