THE MELBOURNE EXHIBITION. rVrnm a CcirrmnnndfintA Melbourne. Sentember 1 - The fan is beginning to wax faat and furious. Od taking my weekly tour round the Exhi bition yesterday I was completely dumb fonndered by the change ia the aspect of buny and bustle, and large as the building U it is difficult to walk about without knocking against a case every half -dozen, yards A goodly number of cases are ia position, and not a few ready fixed, and everything points to the Exhi bition being ready to receive visitors on the opening day. I don't mean to say that her toilet will be complete. She may have for gotttn her earrings in her haste, and the tlower in her hair may be rather awry, but it ube is noc dressed np eLough to astonish you South Australian people I am very much mistaken. Such a sight as tbe Melbourne Exhibition will not sooa be seen again on this side of the globe. The Com missioners themselves are astonished at taeir own success, and those who have been to the Sydney Show tell me it was mere beer and skittles by the side of the splendid exhibits which are already to be seen, in our building. At last Melbourne has awakened to the im portance of the occasion, and such a laying down of pavements and metalling of roads and painting and whitewashing of houses a« there is going on in the neighbourhood of Carl ton Gardens I never saw before. Tbe Hothara Town Council are decorating their Town Hall for the occasion, and all the private individuals in the district seem determined to give our visitors as bright and favourable an impression of Melbourne as possible. What on e»rth the unemployed would do without the JSxhibicion I can't tbink, and yet there are over a thousiad able-bodied men in Melbourne wanting employ ment, in spite of 170 porters at work under the Commission receiving exhioita at the gates and distributing them to their proper owners, to say nothing of the twenty clerks ot' the Commission, the employe's of foreign Oommusiouecs and exhibitors, and the indirect labour which the Exhibition has occasioned. I went into ttocke's — our great furniture emporium —last week to jsk them to send np a man to 'fix' some furniture for me. ?* Do you want it before tbe opening of the Exhibition ?' an employe asked me, as if the unsteady legs of my chairs would be prevented from failing off by the great world show. At my wife's dressmaker's it is eve a worse. 'What with the Hexibitioo, m±'am. and the Cup, ma'am, we've so much to do, ma'am, that we cannot make your dress in less than three weeks.' I shall soon beexpectiug my baker to tell me that what with, tbe number of extra mouths to feed he can't supply me with bread more than once a week. Tne real question of the day, however, is how to bundle away the unemployed. It is useless to paint and whitewash and plaster and decorate, if whilst visitors are' admiring oar city they find unem ployed loafing at every corner, and yet unable to obtain a loaf. -It is all very fine for Mr. Berry to tell them it's a ?* parodox,' but it won't mike people believe any tbe more that this is a fine country tor the working man, because be has made it a confoundedly bad one for every body else. The answer will be ** whitewash.'' Over fifteen thousand packages hive now been admitted into the building, and 'still they come' at the rate of about a thousand a day ' during this week. The Commissioners have sternly set their faces against admitting any thing after September 1, but they will have to Bet something a- little less likely to be bruised against the heavy material that is coming in. Already an extension of time 'for exhibitors specially circumstanced' has been permitted until the 10th, and the -knowing ones tell me that the gates won't really be closed till the 25th, t.e., one week before the opening. Never theless, it must be admitted ths,t the Com missioners have been -wise in their generation, for if they had flinched one iota from their rule before the last day any amount of things which are now safely lodged in the building would have been kept back to the last moment, when a general block would' have ensued. Happily on one point the Commissioners remain firm. From to-day tbe unlimited number of sisters and cousins and aunts of Commissioners who have been gallivanting about the building, and seriously impeding exhibitors in their work, to «ay nothing of petty thieving, are no longer to be admitted. The only pity seems to be that tbe greater number of the Com missioners themselves cannot be excluded. The real business is of course entirely in the hands of the Executive Com niittee, yet whenever I go to the building I in variably see a number of them on parade, swag gering about with top-hats and frock - coits. These, however, are, I understand, less obnoxious than one or two busy bodies who want to know, you know, all that each exhibitor is doing. The foreign courts are mostly canvassed in, but our poor Victorian uxhibitors are entirely at their mercy. '' From Commissioners, their official*, and all other evils — including reporters —good Lord deliver us,'* seems to be the general retrain, and I for my part couteut myself with mooching around spying out everything, but keeping my tongue to myself. 1 mentioned in my last that the Germans were, at their own expense, going to erect fur themselves a special annexe, but even then it appears that they have not enough room. In Slay last Professor Xtetileaux. the Imperial Commissioner, telegraphed from London Ch\t -Germany required an allotment 90 feet by 30 in the west nave for erecting a trophy. To this the Commissioners replied, ' West nave fully allotted.' And, now, the best of the joke U tint tbe learned Professor, who is also a 1'rivy Councillor, a Doctor, -prominent member of the ' United Germany' party, and a member ot* the Reichstag— in short, head cook and bottle \- washer, and chief crumb-remover to Prince Bismarck — arrived in Melbourne last wevk, bringing with him an Imperial tent costing £20,000, which is to whip creation, or rather bis neighbours the Frenchmen. For this he claimed the west nave on tbe ground thit he hid under stood ' west cave fully allotted' to mean ' fully allotted to Gurtn&ny.;' Accordingly, as he can't get the west nave, alterations are to be made in the north transept gallery to enable Germany to erect their special trophy there. . Tbe organ No. 2 is to be removed to the south gallery, and the annexe which the German* are erecting at their own expense is to ba doubled in size, so as to accommodate the full demands . of both Germany and Austria, who has also got every square foot covered about three-deep. It has also been necessary to provide extra accom , modation adjoining, and worthy of the British Agricultural Hs.ll, in the shape of £923 worth . ot galvanized iron sbeds for a quantity of rough ? heavy machinery. The engines required for the .supply of motive power to the rest of th? .machinery have been delivered,, .and together \- with the boilers and shaftings are being pUced \- in position. With regard to the opening of the Exhibition, lit is definitely fixed for October J.,.tbe original ? date, and this I mention, the more particularly ?because we havfe been considerably .exercised by .un.-Aryus telegram, informing ua that the Trea . Mirer announced in the South Australian Assem bly that the Exhibition would not be open till ?the , end of October— a piece of information for -which he conld certainly have had not tbe .?lightest warrant, seeing that the question of a .postponement has never even been mooted. All ihe Governors of the Australian Culeniea-r-.« , lord Augustus and Lady Augustus Loftus, for New. South Wales ; Mr. and Mrs. Bell, acting for 'Queensland ; Sir William, Lady, and the Diiesea J«rvoia,.for your colony ; Sir Francis and Lady .Smith, .acting for Tasmania; and Sir William and Lady .Robinson, for Western Australia— are to be present .It bid been hoped that we should be lucky enoogh to catch Sir Hercules ex reiUe to the Cape, and both Sir Arthur Gordon (Fiji) and the Governor of New Caledonia have aisap jjoiDWd us, sa that I atn obliged to s»y Australia instead. of Australasia. Oar huge Government Palace will be as full as it cau be, and there are to be iestisitisa on a scale never before attempted in Melbourne, and for which the unfortunate Mirqais lias not the ghost of a chance of getting a special vote. On the opening day he gives a State dinner .to. one-half of the foreign, colonial, and Victorian CctamisiionerB, and on the 7 th to tbe other half —even tbe big ' ballroom striices at no many iocue- xulttce — and on the 5th there is to be a State ball. Irrespective of these tbe President of the Commission, who has already given a ball And a dinner, is going to tote the guests in every possible manner, so that I shall he surprised it tney do sot go away with a good opinion of our hospitality at, any rate. Hot, to return to the opening day, the Governors will be seated on a dais under the dome, and with their faces -toward* the .northern transept and .annexe. Tbe Marquis oi Xormanby will pro claim tbe Exhibition open-to the public, where upon U. Caron'« «aut*ta will be sung by a chart's of 900 voices and performed by an orchestra of over 100 performer*. The ' distin guished party,' accompanied by Mr. W. J. Claris*, will then visit the different courts, at the entrance to which Mr. Clvk' will present to them the representative Commissioners, towbem thtir Kxcellenciei wUl xem&rk; that their particular court* are the finest, most btautifiii, and most tastefully arranged in tbe building. The public will then be admitted, and the band play 'God save tbe Queen.' A walk round the building shows a wonder fully improved state of progress, a number of details in connection with the administration »nd internal economy having been completed. The Commiiiioners' offices are- in full working order, tbe Electric Telegraph and Post Odice is also at worfe, and Mr. Casey is connected with the building by telephone, which also runs or blows to tbo lire Brigade station. The £*s te&actors; are being run up and meters beicg {?iaced ia each .court. It u intended to open the Exhibition of 2a evecin^ certaioly on Mondays and Xhursdiji, I rum 7 to 10, and perhaps *!*?- on Saturdays. At the nortbt-rn ecd ot the laaiu avenue a tasteful rocktry of Ne» Zealand ferns ba» fcrro errftsil by derUwu and npder the mpenntendence of Mr. J. Munro. it tormi a most effective termination to the long vista, and is really most creditable to the worthy Vice President. The Executive Committee, consisting }f Messrs. W. J. Clarke, O. J. Casey, O.M.G.. J. Unnro, G. O. Levey, PJkLG., and Sir Samuel Wilson, meet in the building daily, and seem to be working with a will. The only thing that seems to have been messed are the refreshment rooms, which have been built too 5ms.ll, too low, and with no provision for cooking food, much less for washing-up. The compilation of the catalogue is not yet inished, but that is the fault of the foreign Commissioners, whose lists of exhibits are not yet complete. The pictures in the Arc Gallery are being hang by line and level, and there has been a storm in a teapot over a sleeping Venus, to which Mr. Ferguson objected. In the Victorian Court itself all is getting on, in spite of Mr. Vale's illness. The ' rival candle factories — Kitchen & Bon and the Apollo Stearine Company —are so afraid lest they should steal each other's designs that they have erected 10- feet high galvanized-iron screens, inside which bo I one who is not bound to Becrecy can be admitted. Even the usual open sesame of the Press was unavailing to me.' 4.11 our manufacturers have come ont most handsomely in the way of cases, there being at least a hundred cases in the Victorian; Court the cost of which will ran into three figures. The French Court, where sailors from the Finisterre are working, is still the most advanced. New South Wales coming a good j second, Great Britain third. Victoria fourth, and j then South Australia and New Zealand. In the ! British Conrt a good deal of attention has j been attracted by trials of the Merry weather steam fire-engine, whi-h witb a 2A-inch nozzle sends a stream of water 2W) feet.' Full steam can be got up in seven miuutes. In the machinery-hall a roller flourmill and two huge cranes are amoDgst the most remarkable ex- I bibits from their size. I also noticed a shot for j a 100-ton Armstrong gun, which stands 3 ft. 6 in. j high, and has a diameter of 21 inches. Almost everywhere, however, the space allotted to exhibits seems to ba too small, and handsome cases are jammed in on all sides. I do not know that there is much visible im provement to report in the South Australian Conrt since I last wrote, though everything seems fairly forward. ? The cornice is painted blight red and blue. All the available space is crowded up with packages, and several showcases are glazed and in their pUces. In tbe front is to be the mineral col lection, surrounding a trophy of copper, then a large case belonging to Mr. Steiner. To cut off the awkward corner it is proposed to erect a bush hut, surrounded by a rockery, on which a wax blackfellow and lnbra and picca ninny, together with a number of staffed native animals, are to keep guard. Mr. Davenport thinks of applying for extra space, as it is on the face of it evident thit the court will be jammed up with exhibits; but where is the space to come from ? Iogots of copper are literally rolling into the court, and the confusion is terrible. Leaving the building, and coming oat into the garden, I was struck by the deficiency of shade in it. The Lombardy poplars are nol yet in leaf, and the only shade is given by pittos porums, willow's, and shrubs, together with a few dismal-looking cypresses and pines scattered here and there. The lake near the southern entrance, with the island in the middle, is very pretty, though it strikes one as rather unnatural to see a lake on top of a hill. On the opposite side is another lake-pond, if yon prefer to be accurate, still prettier, and surrounded with rockwork, yuccas, dragon-trees, palms, agaves, pimp* grass, and bamboos, which give it quite a semi tropical appearance. The fountain, which cost £800, i-t finished, and the beds and lawns are verdant, but many of the tarred-pavement promenades are still unfinished. On the Nicholson-street side the Corporation is making no effort to -clear away the ill-kept reserve at the corner of Victoria-parade, or eveto to paint the fence, although letters have been appearing on the subject in several of the papers. . Mr. W. J. Clarke .U determined to do the honours as President of the Commission in right Victorian style. I mentioned in my hut that he had given a ball to which 800 guests were asked, and on Thursday last he followed it np by a dinner at Menzies' Hotel, to which eighty Commissioners were invited — fifty home rulers and thirty foreign and colonial. Another batch of eighty are to be invited next week, and Mr*. Clarke intends to keep up a continual round of fortnightly entertainments. The principal guests at last week's dinner were M. Belooar— French Consul and Acting Executive Commissioner — Mr. SchiJnberger, Commissioner for Austria ; Mr. Salviati, Commissioner for Italy; Mr. Sakani, for Japan; Commissioners from New Zealand. New South WaleSj Western Australia, and Holland, together with the captain and officers of tbe Finisterre and all the French dele gates. The dinner itself is said to have been 'immense.' There were no less than twenty five courses. After the usual loyal toasts, Mr. Berry proposed the health of the 'Foreign Com missioners and Visitors,' which was replied to by the French, Austrian, Italian, Japanese, and New South Wales repre sentatives. M. Belcour then proposed the 'International Commission,' coupling with them the name of their President, Mr. W. J. ? Clarke, who replied by deputy (Mr1. G. C. Levej), emphasiz'mg the fact that the Melbourne Exhibition would at least be able to claim the credit of being more nearly complete on the day of opening than any Exhibition that has been held since the ' Great Exhibition of 1651.' Mr. Levey's travels in Europe ha7e not only succeeded in obtaining an unexpectedly brilliant and numerous display of exhibits, but he seems to have brought onr institutions prominently before Continental Governments. Ic is -indeed flattering to our national vanity to find that the French Government have Bent out M. de Mont ; mahon, the Inspector-General of Schools in ; Kracce, to study our system of education; that tbe German and Austrian Governments are sending Commissioners to report upon our Banks and financial arrangements; and that no less than six delegates from French Chambers of Commerce have come to spy out the land. A reporter on the Herald staff has been interviewing these gentlemen one by one every day during the last week, and the published accounts of their respective missions have done much to reconcile ns to the Exhibition. From, Rheims a Commie sioner Las been appointed to report on our viniculture in. general, and more particularly on the possibility of champagne being made here. From Rouen and Elb-euf another gentleman is to report on the advis ability of French wcollen manufacturers having representatives to buy in Melbourne, instead of going over to London, and on the possibility of having a regular direct trade between Melbourne and Havre. From Besau^on an effort is being made to export watches to Australia without going through the Swigs middle man. From Lyons a delegate is to report on the prospects of oar sericiculture and the channel through which Lyons silk reaches our markets. Happily there is as yet no notice of any one being commissioned to report on the state of tbe labour or political markets ; but unfortunately ' he who rans nuy read,' and we may he sure that oar visitors will not confine their attention solely to the special objects of their misjion. After all the row about the chairs three foorths of the 6,000 for £3,000, which was the accepted tender, are found to be of American manufacture. With regard to other minor datails it is worth noticing that over ten mile* of piping and tubing have been used for the distribution of gas to the building, and in addi tion to the small brackets in the offices and cellars 800 sunlights of various sizee have been fitud. The three hoars' consumption of gas .each evening that the Exhibition is oper. will approach 150,000 feet, involving an expenditure of about £50 per night, to ithat it will take 1,000 visitor* of an evening to pay .for the gas alone, to say bo thing of the cost of the extra attendance. All tceex hibitoM are much annoyed at the resolatiotc of the International Commission to open of aa evening, and I should not be astonished if after the first month tbe night-openings were reduced to one per weak, if not altogether abolished. No less than fifty policemen hare been told off for aercice in the buildiDg. The work there now -txgins at 6 a.m. and goes on till midnight. Daring jesterday 1,700 p«ckage« were received at tbe gates, aod I counted twenty- one cart* and trollies waiting at the Nicholson-street gate aiooe this marring. Ia the South Aastralian Conrt over 1,000 ;packages have beaa admitted, many of them — notably a carriage and four reaping machines — being of considerable size. Indeed, the court is so blocked np thtt you can only move about in it fey stepping, from case to case. Mr. Davenport I hear, is always at wcrk at 7im, and often till 10 p.m. Last night ca«e- were received by the workmen in the court up till midnight. I made a harried visit to the buildiag this morning, and tbe reception of goods showed no signs of ceasing, the 1st of September and the Gomnikiioners to the contrary notwithstanding. 