THE MELBOURNE WATER SUPPLY. THE numerous advantages of having a permanent supply of pure water can only be properly appreciated by those who have been deprived of the benefits attending them. In the history of Australia—a history, too, surrounded with much that is romantic and chequered—the early settlers often had considerable difficulty in procuring anything like an adequate supply of fresh water. Unlike America, we have only one river worthy of the name— the Murray—and this is but a small 6tream compared with the mighty rivers of the New World, and the Murray is very large compared with the Yarra and some other streams which are designated by the name of rivers. Unblest, then, as we are by nature with real rivers of pure water, in places remote from the capitals of the various colonies, the inhabitants have to rely upon what rain water they can retain in tanks, &c.;, or else have recourse to a process of dis tilling sea water, producing a liquid at once disagreeable to the palate and unhealthy to the system. Water either impure or adulterated is the cause of many diseases, and we in Australia have had many painful examples of the manifest dangers attending the habitual use of impure water. In various parts of this great continent we have now and then to lament the outbreak of such diseases as typhoid fever, diphtheria, gravel, and tLa lesser complaints dysentery, diarrhoea, all o which often arise from the use of unwholesome water. The first settlers here, the pioneers of our present civilization, tell us strange tales of their sufferings in the olden days, the difficulty in getting water, and when they did get it it was seldom pnre. Those intrepid adventurers, the explorers, had still more formidable dangers to en counter. For days they would be without a supply of water, and had to eke out a supply brought from the last creek or waterliole they had passed. No doubt the mysterions disappearance of Leichardt is due to his being unable to find a supply of water, and the probabilities are that he lay down in some out-of-the-way place and miserably perished. The sad pathetic story of Burke and Wills has been tojd so often in prose and verse that its repetition is needless. We could fill cotnmns with stories of adventures in the wilds of Australia, more romantic than the most fertile imagination could conjure up; Probably no more horrible fate could be conceived than dying alone in the bush with not one drop of water to cool the tongue, parched by the hot winds of an Australian summer, far away from homes and friends ; and yet this has been the fate of hundreds in days gone by, and will no doubt be the fate of hundreds more in days yet to come. The early history of Victoria (the youngest, but still the most populous, and in many respects the most prosperous of any of the Australian group) furnishes much that is interesting, and much that is painful concerning the question of water supply. Long before that part of Australia lying south of the Murray was formed into an independent colony, during the time it was part, and parcel of New South Wales, and designated by the name of Port Phillip, thesettlers in and around Melbourne had to depend upon the River Yarra for their supply of water. Of course at one time this river was pure, clear, and healthy, but as the settlements on its banks grew, first into a village, then into a town, so the stream became polluted, and more and more unfit for human consumption. The inhabitants of the settlement finding the use of the Yarra water encouraged various diseases, set about to establish some plan to purify the water, and finally it was filtered by some simple but suitable process, and the water thus purified was hawked around the town in huge barrels mounted on wheels, and sold for so much a load. The price charged was large, but the settlers preferred it to being laid up with dangerous diseases. This, however, was the only water supply that Melbourne enjoyed for many years, and probably it might have continued to this day had not the' extraordinary influx of population caused by the gold discoveries of 1851 compelled the citizens to do something to supply the unprecedented demand for pure water. All kinds t>f schemes were suggested, some of them as Quixotie as ever could be dreamed of, others more or less practicable. About this time (it is somewhat difficult to fix the exact date) an immense iron tank was built on the Eastern Hill, the highest point in; Melbourne—or what was then Melbourne. This tank was kept filled with water from the Yarra. The water was filtered in a reservoir situated in Flinders-street, and pumped into the tank by a steam pumping apparatus. From this tank the householders were supplied by means.. of the usual pipes, and until the opening of the present waterworks this continned to be the Melbourne waiefsupply. This tank is still standing, and suggests to old colonists remembrances more or less agreeable. It is kept filled with water from the main reservoirs, but for what purpose no one can even guess. To most people it appears a useless eyesore, and occupies sr valuable block of land which might be utilised for a better purpose. While Melboumites were discussing how to more satisfactorily meet the growing demand for pure water, some one discovered, what is now well known far and wide as the Yan Yean, and it was immediately proposed to convert this swamp into an immense reservoir. A great many people laughed at the idea, but the Government of the day encouraged the matter, and commenced one of the most formidable wordy wars ever known in Victoria. To make a;• long and uninteresting story short it may suffice to say that the work was commenced. The situation of the Yan Yean is 20 miles from Melbourne, at the foot of the Plenty Ranges. In-its natural state it w^s a huge swamp something similar in shape to a horseshoe. The sides of the ranges form the shoeshaped enclosure, and in order to construct it into a suitable reservoir it was necessary to build an artificial embankment across the ends. This was accomplished by the erection of an embankment of the following dimensions:— Length, 3,159 feet; height at its summit, 31 feet; width at the bottom, 170 feet; width at top, 20 feet; slopes to the water, 3 to 1 ; towards the land, 2 to 1. A solid wall of puddle was commenced about 10 feet hek>w the natural surface of the ground, and runs up through the centre of this embankment.' This is 83 feet thick at the bottom, sad 10 feet thick at the top. The result of the building of this immense wall has been to transform this swamp into what is called the Yan Yean Reservoir. f The basin is kept filled by the accumulation of the-waters flowing down Mount Disappointment and the surrounding bills, but as this is hot sufficient to keep the reservoir supplied with all the water needed for the wants of the city, a large aqueduct has been constructed through the hills to the River Plenty, and the waters of this river are conveyed into -the Yan Yean as required. The reservoir itself is nine miles in circumference, and two and a half miles across at the widest point, and is, without doubt, one of the largest and most beautiful artificial lakes in the world. The greatest depth of water is about 25 feet; and the surface area contains 7,000,000 square yards. It is estimated that at the present time there is sufficient water in the reservoir to supply all Melbourne for nearly two years, even if not a drop of rain fell duriug the whole' of that period. In the construction of the Yan Yean Waterworks, the test engineering talent tha.t could be g<rtwas seeUred, ap^ ^n9 of tlie gentlemen who was. engaged . In the construction was also employed-on the celebrated waterworks which supplied New York City, and there can be no doubt that the Melbourne Waterworksare as substantial and as permanent as anything of the kind can be. In order to facilitate the construction of the works, a tramway was laid from Melbourne to the Yan Yean, and all , the materials • were carried in this way. This tramway has never been taken up, but : it has never since been used. One would fancy that it might be utilised in accommodating the daily traffic from the city to the. villages which have sprung up around the neighborhood of the waterworks. A word may now be. said, as to the cost of this immense undertaking. Of course in cairying out such large undertakings at a tirafe when labor "Was scarce' and wages were lugh, the cost was considerable.- The original-cost was £664,452 ; up to this date the works have cost over £1,000,000; but the receipts have at the lowest estimate been about double that amount, and the annual revenue must be over £100,000. The Yan Yean Waterworks are probably the most productive undertaking which the Government of the colony ever had in hand. So much, then, for the reservoir itself. The water is conveyed to Melbourne by 19 miles of iron piping, and distributed through the city and its suburbs , by over. 1,000 miles of mains. The pressure -of water by the natural fall from the reserr voir to Melbourne , is, equal to about 1,700 horsepower, and at hastSO per cent, of this is available in Melbourne. The value of this : great "presscr^; ia;, assisting to extinguish the unfortunately' too frequent, conflagrations in-the city and. neighborhood cannot be over estimated. The waterworks .were opened with * great ecldt early in the year 1857, and from that time to the'present the supply has far exceeded the demand, and it is to be earnestly hoped that no unfortunate accident will occur to prevent the citizens from enjoying the use of the Yan Yean water. The locality of the reservoir is one of considerable natural beauty, and it is regarded on all hands as a charmingspot for picnics, and as such is in great favor with the residents of the metropolis. The shing]e T splitter3 of the neighborhood have from lime to time done much , to impair -the beauties of the snrrounilings, and ' It is a matter iquch Astonishment .that" the devastation of the trees .has been allowed to go oa for such a length of tinfe. Thef Service Ministi^r are to be congratulated on the firm step they took to conserve the watershed .by- keeping the splitters away, and it is also intended to fence in the Whittlesea town common, so that the village herds shall no longer contaminate the stream of the plenty. Some have suggested as it has been found that the River Plenty was. tapped" at the wrong spot, that instead of the outlet bang made belowTihe township it shonid bare been made above it, and that a new connection should be made. If this is done, two advantages will be derived. In the first place, all risk of contamination will be avoided, find, secondly, a much larger supply of water will be available. The estimated cos$ of the undertaking will be about £30,000," and it is hoped by many of the Melbourne residents that no motives of false economy will prevent the Government : from taking this important matter in hand, so that the citizens will' no longer have to use the scoorings of the Whittlesea Plains. WATKE SUPPLY.—Wo publish in this day's issue a very interesting article, furnished by our Melbourne correspondent, on the Melbourne water supply. Just now when the question of a water supply for Gawler is so much talked about our numerous readers will esteem this communication as of considerable value. FAT CATTLK.—The fat prize cattle, mentioned in onr last issue as having been purchased by Messrs. Bright land Hodgson and Clements, attracted a considerable amount of attention on their arrival- In Gawler. They were regarded as exceptionally fine animals, and that of Mr. Bright, when weighed, turned the scale at 1,960 pounds; while Messrs. Hodgson & Clements readied 2.016. These were the live weights, -and when dead the first-named weighed 1,438 pounds, and the latter 1,402. The quality of the meat is said to be exoeUent; and we refer our readers to Messrs. Hodgson and Clements'a advertisement elsewhere. LEAVING GAWLER.—We regret to Learn that Mr. W. F. Loutit, manager of tlie National Bank in this town, lias .been transferred to the management of" the National Bank at Narracoorte,' and "will be leaving Gawler in a few days. Mr, Muecke, of Narracoorte, will succeed Mr. Loutit. MR. J. W. DOWSER, Q.C., M.P.—A rumor has been current in the town for some time past that Mr. J. W. Downer, Q.C., M.P., one of the members of Parliament for this district, does not intend to offer himself for re-election at the next general election. We have the authority of Mr. Downer himself for stating that the rumor is not correct, and that Mr. Downer will again seek the suffrages of the Barossa electorate. INSOLVENCY.—An examination was made on Tuesday, September 21, before His Honor Commissioner Downer, in re Henry Hancock Hardy, late of the Railway Hotel, Gawler. Final hearing. Mr. Downer for the assignee. The accountant reported :—" Liabilities, un* secured creditor, £782 18s. 7<L; credit or for rent, £149108. 2d.; total, £9328s. 9d. Per. sopal estate, £593 16s. lOd.; deficiency, £338 lis. lid." A second-class certificate was granted. The LATR ACCIDENT by DROWNING.—The burial of little Willie Short, . who was drowned in the Para last week, took place. t&'Sii&tay;, T&pteihbet; 19, at the Wfllas&n; Cemetery- There was an immense number of people at the gmve, and the servicewaS conducted by the, Rev. J. Gordon. A great many school children took partin the pro : cession, most of whom carried garlandsof flowers, which were placed on the coffin and put in the grave. The ceriemony was very impressive, and much sympathy was shown towards the parente of the deceased.. Mr. F. Fowler satisfactorily performed'the offices of undertaker. MARRIAGE ACT.—'The Rev. John Henry Lewis, of this town, Congregational minister, has been enrolled as an officiating minister to perform the ceremony of and gnat licences for marriage. THAI, STATISTICS.—During the month of August 899 births and 333 deaths were registered in the colony. Of the deaths 64 were due to bronchitis, 46 being those of children under one year of .age. There were II deaths from scarlatina, and four from typhoid fever. ODDFKLLOWSKIP.—Mr. J. Both, late foreman at fiie Albion Mills, and treasurernf the Loyal Athenian. Lodge,. I.O.Q.F., . has succeeded in forming a lodge of that order at Snowtown, to which place he removed a short tune ago. About 45 peMOfis 'have given in their names; the title fixed on is "Loyal Snowtown Lodge;" a doctor from Clare has been secured; and officers from Adelaide will proceed to Snowtown to open -the lodge on Saturday next, October 2. GAWLER JOCKEY CLUB.—A meeting of the committee of this club was held on Friday evening, September 17, at the office of the ton. secretary (Mr. L. J. Wilson). There •were present Major Makin, J.P. (in the chair), and Messrs. J. Jenkins, F. Harris, and the hon. secretary. The resignation of Mr. A. G. Cranz as a member ef committee was accepted, and it was resolved that Dr. Popham be asked to take his place. Mr. J. L! Stirling wrote, accepting the position as steward ; received. The. proprietors of the Kapmda, Herald applied for advertisements of the next racing events; received; The proprietors' of the Register wrote, explaining •delay in the insertion of advertisement of programme ; received. Messrs. Angel and: Richards forwarded -an account • receive^ Messrs."' G. S. Price,"H. Bennett, B. Coleman, #. Bennett, J. £. Savill, R. S. Lowe, <3\. L. McDonald, J. H. Alridge, and S. Barnard- wrote, complaining of : the programme Issued for 1881, alleging that the amount to be paid by owners for running was excessive. A long discussion followed, when it was ultimately resolved to postpone -the final consideration of the matter for three weeks. . A suggestion was made that the amount be reduced to 5 per cent, on the value of the stakes, or disband the club altogether. The question will be disposed of at the adjourned meeting. SCIENTIFIC LECTURES.—During the week a series of scientific lectures has been delivered in the Institute Hall by the wellknown Professor Pepper, from the Royal Polytechnic Institution, London. The first lecture was on Wednesday evening. There -was a good attendance. The subject was "light," and the lecturer succeeded by the vse of simple language, divested as much as possible from technicalities, in securing the attention of the' audience, and making the subject generally intelligible. The relations of light, heat, electricity, and magnetism tP the mechanism of vibration were dwelt-on. Ancient notions with respect to- heat and light, and Sir Isaac Newton's corpuscular theory of light were explained, A series of beautiful experiments in vibratory motion was given by the aid of Tisley's compound pendulum, showing on the screen the oscillations which correspond in form to the vibrations producing musical notes ; andby means of Pichler's unique apparatus musical notes were rendered audible to the ear and visible to the eye. This concluded the first part of the lecture. After a short interval, a number of magnificent dissolving news was shown, illustrating torpedo warfare, and the most modern engines of destruction, comprising views of every invention and improvement in the implements of warfare. The views were splendid, and the whole of the apparatus nsed in the lecture was of the best and largest description. The lecture -was brought to a close by Beale's most amusing illusion, called the dancing skeleton. On Thursday afternoon an arrangement was made by a few gentlemen, by which all the children in the town should be admitted free to the hall to hear the Professor lecture. Accordingly most of them attended, and there were not less than 660 pupils from the various schools in the town present, attended by their tutors. They all seemed.highly delighted with the splendid-microscopic views thrown on the sheet, and exhibited by means of the large lantern. On the Bame evening Professor Pepper again lectured. The attendance was good, the hall beingeomforfcably filled. The subject of the first part of the lecture was " Light and Color." The philosophy of the ghost illusion was briefly explained, and the Tate Sir David Brewster's discovery of multiple reflections, illustrated by Darker's oxybydrogen kaleidoscope, afforded much gratification. " Voyages in the Air, or a Visit to Cloudland" formed the subject of the second part of the lecture. The history of flying-machines, and of balloon ascents was graphically depicted. The loctunas, as a whole, were the best that have been give* to Gawler audiences for many yews, and many of the beneficial effects of the visit of such a talented and famous lecturer as Professor Pepper to Gawler will be permanent. Jhsw BANK.—We understand <«ays the Northern Argvs) that a Gawler builder is the successful tenderer for the branch of the National Bank about to be erected in Clare, Matters, however, are not finally settled as to some alterations on the original plan and some extras, for which an estimate required. GAWLER. TEMPERANCE LEAGUE, —A general meeting of this association was held on Monday evening, September 20, at the Gawler' Institute. The attendance was moderate. Mr. E. Clement was in the chair, and in opening the meeting explained that the electoral forms which he had received had been obtained from the mauager of the Government Printing-Office. It was not the sheriff, as reported in one of the papers, who sought to charge him 2a. per 100 for them, but a clerk in the Government Printingoffice. The lady canvassers had completed their work, and obtained 507 signatures of ladies to a petition to the House of Assembly in favor of Sunday closing, and 498 signatures to a memorial to the Legislative Council for the same purpose. Both these memorials were in the hands of the Hon. J. Colton. No less than 785 circulars had been sent out by that league to different parts of the colony, and the action they had taken appeared to have given general satisfaction, and had been productive of much good. He had received several letters, and had been spoken to by many people about the question now before the country, as regards the closing of public-houses on Sundays, and he was sure the league had the sympathy and approval of the general public. The report of the canvassers would be laid before them that evening, from which it would be seen that they had -met with a- considerable amountof success,.and had been the. means of getting a great numtfer of men to qualify themselves for voting at the next election. He did not desire, however, that Gawler should be the centre of such a movement as that in which they were engaged, Adelaide should take the lead, and the Gawler League would gladly put auy information in their way. The following gentlemen were then nominated and duly elected members of the society:—Messrs. J. Bray, Wm. Hawken, J. Chegwidden, D. T. Davis, W. H. Percy, T. Wilkinson, P. T. Ramsay, and C. N. Long. The total number of members was 81\. Mr. W. F. Wincey, J.P., reported that the result of the recent canvass in Gawler in favor of electoral registration was as follows: —South Ward, six persons had qualified themselves to vote for House of Assembly, and five for the Legislative Council; East Ward, south of Calton-road, 12 for House of Assembly, and eight for the Legislative Council; East Ward, north of Calton-road, 20 for the House of Assembly, and eight for the Legislative Council; North Ward, north of. Cowan-street, two for the House of Assembly, and one for the Legislative Council (in this ward the canvass was not yet completed); North Ward, south of Cowan-street, seven for the House of and four for the Legislative Council. In Willaston there were seven for the House of Assembly, and six for the CounciL In Gawler South there were 36 for the House of Assembly, and 16 for the Council (in this district also, the canvass was not completed). There were thus 138 persons who had qualified themselves as voters, who would make their influence felt in favor of the league at the next general elections. Mr. J. N. Richards thought that the temperance cause had gained much more than most people would imagine by the tassing of the local option clause in the licensed Victuallers Bill now. before Parliament. Mr. W. F. Wincey said there was great cause of satisfaction, that that clause Had been passed. " There was not much now to strivs for, and there could be no doubt about it that the action taken by the league had a good deal to do with the passing of thfc. clause in question. The meeting was brought to a close by the passing of a tkw accounts, and the transaction of isome routine btn&iess.; THE LOCAL OPTION SYSTEM.—At the meeting of the Adelaide City .Council on Monday, September 20, His Worship. the Mayor Mr. (E, T. Smith), M.P., called attention to the fact that a clause had been agreed to in the Licensed Victuallers Bill now before the House of Assembly, providing that the local option system should be adopted in municipalities and districts for deciding the question of closing publichouses on Sunday, and that the costs of the polls provided for should be borne by district councils and corporations. Now, he thought that it the principle of local option was correct, the cost of putting it into operation should be borne by the Government, especially as they received all the licence-fees of public-houses. The calling of polls could be greatly abused, and it would be most unfair to tax municipal bodies with the expense of them. {Hear, hear.) He thought some- thing should be done in the matter by the Municipal Corporations Association, and he was sure that if, as mayor of the city, he protested against the clause containing the objectional prbvision, his action would be endorsed by the connciL (Hear, hear.)— Advertiser. CRICKET.—Alma v. Angle Vale, played at Alma September 14. Scores—Angle Vale— G. Huxtable, 2—4; T. Hatcher, 6—5; T. Higgins, 0—0; J. "Follen, 1—0; A. Hatcher, 0—2; K Day, 3—2; Rowe, 1—0; Heaslip, 1—1; E. Good, 0—0 ;C. Hatcher, 2—1 C. Hughes, 0—0; legbye, I; totals, 17—15. Alma—G. Toseland, 0; J. Dyer, 11; H Dyer, 20; C. Dyer, 55; J. Good, 14; J. Wilcock, 13; J. Stott, not out, 5; W. Moss, 2; O. Dyer, 0; S. Eyre, 6 ; J. Greenshields, 0; byes, 2 ; wide, 1; total, 129. For Alma J. Good took 6 wickets for 11 runs, J. Greenshields 13 wickets for 1& runs. Also at the above date Alma (second eleven) v. Grace Plains and Long Plain Combined. Scores—Alma, 26 and 54 for 9 wickets ; Long Plains and Grace Plains, 51 and 23. AUCTION SALE.—The whole of the house' hold furniture of Mr. G. Stephens, tailor, who is leaving Gawler, is to be offered for sale by auction on Wednesday next. ANNIVEESAKY. — Annirersay services in connection with the Bible Christian Church. Gawler West; will commence to-morrow, when special sermons will be preached. Tea and public meetings will be held on Monday. "MRS. BROWN."—Mr. Arthur Sketchley la announced to give one of his humorous entertainments at the Institute Hall on Thursday eveningnext, September 30. advertisement. TENDERS.—Tenders are called for entrance gates, and certain walling at Para Para. Particulars in our advertising columns. JEWELLERY.—Some of our local watch makers are iwakinga stir just now. Messrs. D. Lynch andC. W. Niquet announce great redactions in the sale of watches, rings, &c.;, and the prices quoted are such as should cause an extensive demand for such articles. BLONDIN.—"The only Australian Blondin" is announced to give a performance this evening on the southern market allotment, at the top end of Murray-street. GHASGE OE BUSINESS.—Messrs. Davies and Evans, tailors, Murray-street, have perchased the tailoring business of Mr. George Stephens, who has been in business in this town for many years, and is one of the oldest .residents of Gawler. Mr. Stephens gives up possession at the end of this month, and Messrs. Davies and Evans will open the place on the 1st October. We wish the new firm every success. 'QUEENSLAND PUNCH." — A correspondent has kindly furnished us with a copy of this excellent publication. It is without doubt one of the best of its kind iu these colonies. Our Adelaide humorist, although considerably improved of late, is a long way behind its Brisbane contemporary, both iu the quality of its illustrations and the flavor and pungency of its letterpress. The ap- >earauce aud general get up of the Queens- "and satirist speak well for the enterprise of its publishers, and the love of genuine fun of their constituents. MEN OF ' UMBLE VIEWS !—The following odd resolution was passed at the Moonta Corporation last week on a letter being read from James G. Gibbs asking for the patronage of the mayor and council " in the matter of an original cantata, entitled the British Throne aud Empire" prior to its publication :—Resolved—"That the Moonta Council is composed of men of such humble views of themselves that they are not ambitious to have their names brought before Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, as patrons of the 'Cantata.'" DULL TIMES.—A forcible instance »f the depressed state of the produce market (says the Pleasant Creek Ifews) is related by a gentleman who has lately returned from Ballarat. He states that when there he saw dray load of pdtatoes, drawn by two horses distance of 16 or 17 miles to market, and when they were sold the producer got a cheque for 16s., out of which he had to pay 2a. for weighing and commision. Potatoes in Ballarat just now are the merest drug upon the market, and not only in these but in other kinds of produce the demand is far below the supply. A WHITE MAW AMONG THE BLACKS.—Mr. Henry Skuthorpe, of Mudgee, writes to the Sydney Herald reaffirming that traces had been found of the existanee of an aged white man among the blacks on the Herbert and Mulligan rivers, and the existence of half-caste man and two girls. He •ays he was present on one occasion when the late Mr. Kirwan questioned the tribe. Mr. Kirwan took out his pocketbook, and asked them by signs if the old white man had any paper Tike that. They answered that he had plenty, and also led him to understand that he had leather bags too. He hopes some day he may have an opportunity of getting some relics of the white man, and if a party at any time went out, and would call at Mexico Station, River Alice, where he is going, he would willingly point out the tribe the half-castes are with. AN IMMENSE PIG.—A monster pig, belonging to Mr. Frederick Peole, of Cranbourne, is thus described in a recent issue of the Dandemng Advertiser :—"It is two years old, stands 3 feet 8 inches high, is 7 feet 8 inches long from the snout to the root of the tail, 1 foot 6 inches across the back, 7 feet 6 inches round the barrel, 6 feet 3 inches round the jowl, cuts a ham 2 feet wide, and the height of its belly from the ground is only 3 inches. Our travelling reporter, when at Mr. Poole's farm some six months ago, reckoned the weight of this pig to be about 700 lbs., and competent judges who measured it the other day state unhesitatingly that it will now turn the scale at 1,000 lbs. Mr. Poole has been offered £50 for the animal, but has refused, as he intends exhibiting it at the forthcoming International Exhibition. SUNDAY CLOSING LEAGUE.—Writing with reference/to the Sunday Closing League formed at Mount Gambier, the South-Eastern Star says:—"The hon. secretary (Mr. J. Lambert) has supplied us with the result of the. voting on the several questions submitted to the householders of Mount Gambier. The voting papers collected- number 411. Of these 35 were not filled in, the householders with whom they were left deciding to remain neutral—276. answered. the first question ' Are you in favor of public-houses being closad daring the whole of Sunday?' iu the affirmative; 42 answered the second question (in favor of the existing state of things) in the affirmative; 25 answered the third (in favor of opening from 1 to 3 aud from 8 to 9) in the affirmative; 10 answered the fourth (in favor of opening all day on Sunday) in the affirmative; two answered the first and second questions in the affirmative; 18 answered the second and third in the affirmative ; and two answered the third and fourth in the affirmative, while the remaining one answered the whole of them in the affirmative. 