1 THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. ( A PBIVARJS soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken / before the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards during J divine service. The account of it is thus given inanEng- \ lish journal : — " A sergeant commanded the soldiers at \ church, and while there the parson had read the prayers ( and took the text. Those who had a Bible took it out, r but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, / but. pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before ) him. He first looked at one card and then at another. \ The sergeant of the company saw him, and said, 'Richard, \ put up the cards, this is no place for them.' 'Nevermind ( that,' said Richard. r When the service's were over the constable took Richard y a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' ( said the Mayor, 'what have you brought the soldier here f for ?' ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, y what have you to say for yourself V ' Much, sir, I hope.' ( ' Very good ; if not, I will punish you severely.' "' I have been,' said the soldier, 'about six weeks on y the march. I have .ueither Bible nor common prayer \ book. I have nothing but a pack of Cards, and hope to ( satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intentions.' ) Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. ( " ' When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but ? one God When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father S and Bon. \ " 'When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and ( Holy Ghost. When I see the foar it reminds me of the y four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and k John. ( " ' When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise / virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but S five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. "'When I see the six it reminds me that in six days f the Lord made heaven and earth. J " ' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the ) seventh day God rested from the great work which he C made and hallowed it. f " ' When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight y righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed \ the world — viz., Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and ( their wives. ) " ' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers \ that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out ( of ten who never returned thanks. y ' ' When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten command- \ ments which God handed down to Moses on the table of r stone. > " ' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great k King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. ( " ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of ) iSheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise woman C as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, r all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell J which were boys and which were girls. The king sent C for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the r elbows, and the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told J by that. r K ( 'ATell,' said the Mayor, ' you have described every ( card in the pack except one. ' J "' What is that?' r "'The knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your Honor r a description of that too If you will not be angry.' I will ) not,' said the Mayer, ' if you do not term me to be the C knave.' 'The greatest knave I know is the constable r who brought me here.' ' I do not know,' said- the Mayor, ) ' if he is the greatest knave, bub I know he is 1;he greatest I fool.' " ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of I cards, I find three hundred and sixty-five, .as many days as > there are in a year. When I count the number of cards in a pack I find fifty- two — the number of weeks in a year. \ I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing ( the number of months in a year, and on counting the / tricks 1 find thirteen — the number of weeks in a quarter. \ So you see a pack of cards serve for a "Bible, almanac, ( and common prayer book." ' " 