Weekly Entertainments for Seamen. FIRST OF THE SERIES. There was inaugurated on Tuesday ievening last, in the laige room of the Prince Alfred Sailors' Home, Port, a series of entertainments for seamen — entertainments of a light and attractive nature, which it is designed to hold weekly, and to make of a character which will be appreciated by sailors, and will tend to keep them from the temptations which too often are associated with some objectionable places of amusement. The room, capable of accommodating about 150 persons, was packed in every part, the audience overflowing into the lobby. At one end of the room was an improvised platform overhung with flags. Upon it was placed a harmonium, played during the evening principally by Mr. J. Bennett, the exception being in two songs by Mrs. Chichester, who played her own accompaniments. His ^Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Hack, J.P.) occupied the chair, and was supported by Mr. A- S. Neill, J.P. (hon. sec. seamen's mission), Captains Brinsderij Burton, Melville, and Chichester, Mr. Hounslow (seaman's missionary), and other The CHAIRMAN delivered a Tery . appropriate address. He expressed pleasure at seeing such a large audience—-it augured well for the future meetings. . The movers in the idea of these weekly meetings recoguised the fact that Jack Tar required amusement when he came ashore after his long voyages ; and amusement he would have. The danger was that he might go to questionable places in quest of it, and the aim in this movement was to avoid this by providing for him a jolly but yet POBE FBEE ENTERTAINMENT. He (the speaker) did not know anyone who more thoroughly enjoyed real amusement than i sailor. The idea of the meetings originated with Mr. Derrington (the editor of the P. A News J who was unfortunately unable to be present, but who had promised to take a prominent part at future meetings. (The speaker added eulogistic remarks.) No class was more deserving of help and recognition than sailors, and he knew of no training more calculated to make a man A IHOBOUGH MAN than a seafaring life ; no man was more versatile in handicraft—a sailor could turn his hand to almost anything. Indeed, the only time when he was quite " at sea" (in an opposite sense to the general one) was when he was on horseback, especially if the horse was a flighty one : it was then purely a case of DROP THE HEFFLS AND HOLD ON, as sailors and sailors only could hold on. Con tinning for some time in this humorous strain, the merriment of the audience mingling and alternating with their applause—"real sailors' laughter and cheers—the speaker after highly complimenting the seamen's missionary concluded by extending to the seamen "present, and through them to their messmates, a hearty welcome to the meetings. A humorous trio was then given with accustomed excellence by Messrs. HODGE, EUNSON, and LAW ; and a song by Capt. BBXNBDEN followed : Nil Desperandum, a thorough out-andout sea song, vigorously rendered, encored, and re-rendered. —Two Irish dialect recitations were then' given by Mr. W. DAY, the second in response to the well-deserved encore which greeted the. first.—Next came the favorite old glee, " When shall we three meet again," excellently sung by Messrs. LAW, ETINSON, and HODGE.—A recitation by Mr. J. R. MUSSON, and a song. by Mrs. Chichester (each well received), preceded " The ghost scene from Hamlet," by Mr. iJompton—-one of the best performances for the evening, the reciter displaying histrionic ability of no mean order. During a ten minutes' interval coS^e,'cakes, and fruit were handed round to the audience (Mr. Hills, superintendent of the Home, catering), and the next item on the programme was a speech by the veteran Captain MELVILLE, whose nautical description of Ins VOYAGE IN A BULLOCK DRAT fairly "brought down the house."—Mr. W. DAY then contributed a song which was justly encored; and Mr. HATTNAFORD another.—Mr. G. HAWKE in a Cornish, recitation imitated the dialect capitally.—Captain CHICHESTEB gave that new yet hackneyed song, "My Grandfather's Clock," which peals forth from eveiy streetorgan, is repeated by every street-urchin and at most pariieB and entertainments, and yet seems to lose not an iota in the popular estimation. In this instance the audience were vociferous in their demand for a repetition, and their request was acceded to.—Mr. R. SCOTT having sung « The "bonny hills of Scotland," Mr. A. S. NEILL, J.P.- (sec. to the Sailors' Mission), moved, a vote' of thanks to the -Mayor and the others who had assisted in making, the meeting so . successful. He expressed his pleasure at the large muster of seafaring men : it showed that the right' method of attracting them had been hit upon. The committee in charge of the Sailors' Home had gone to the Government for ^d .to found the institution, and its success now depended to a great extent upon seamen them- «lves. There was a peculiar fitness in establishing in this colony institutions for seamen; for South Australia was - PBE-EMJNENTLY A SEAMEN'S COLONY : • it had more seaports and a greater water-boundary than any of the other colonies—except, perhaps, Queensland. After further remarks by Mr. NEILL the motion was put, carried, and responded to ; then came the national anthem, and then dispersion. 