FICTION. (From English, American, and other Periodicals.) THE JEWELS. CHAPTER XXIV. TAKEN BY STORM. Adrian had been obliged to exert the sternest self- control in order to keep back the wild words which were burning upon his lips for utterance after sav- saving Brownie. He loved her, he knew he loved her, and he longed to pour out the fullness of his heart to her. But how could he presume to do so, when she was comparatively a stranger to him? Only twice before had he ett her, and he reasoned that it could not be possible that she had any thought of love for him, although he had worshipped her from afar for the last six months. He felt that he must tell her ere long. He had al- most betrayed it to-night, and the hot blood surged into his face as he thought of it, and wondered how she regarded him !" Would she not feel that he was presuming upon the service which he had just rendered her if he should confess it ? And yet, in his heart, he exulted over this event, even while he trembled and grew [?], he realized how near he had come to [?losing her ] forever. The danger and the escape had brought them nearer to each other than ever before. She had trusted him, leaned upon him, and even allowed his arm to clasp her unshrinkingly when she could not stand alone. And now she was under the same roof with him, and would remain several days, she said. It seemed too much happiness, after all his dis- couragements and disappointments in seeking her. Of course he would not return to London now ; of what nee would it be, when the object of his search there was found? No ; he would stay here and win her if he could ; and when she was his wife, how proud be would be to introduce her to Isabel Coolidge and her mother as the future Lady of Dunforth! And Brownie ! Who shall describe the tumult that was in her heart, as she sought Lady Huxleys apartments ? She could not misinterpret Adrian's manner to- ward her. Had not he almost called her darling ? Had not his every tone and look been fraught with that magnetic influence which could not be mis- taken ? Did not his horror, when he had found it was she who had been in such peril, bespeak a deeper interest than that of a mere friend ? Ah, yes ! and her hands burned with his passionate kisses even now. How precious -- how doubly precious the boon of life would seem to her hereafter, since it had been bestowed upon her by him ! She entered Lady Ruxley's room to bid her "good- night," and see if the maid had done everything to make her comfortable ; and the old woman marveled at the wondrous beauty which had suddenly crept into her heretofore sad companion's face ! The soft cheeks were flushed with a lovely color -- her eyes sparkled with the light of a new dawn in her life, while her scarlet lips were just parted in a tremulous, happy smile, which she had never seen there before. " You have been out," she said, bluntly, though kindly, and eying her keenly. She never spoke to her gentle companion sharply, as she did to the other members of the family. " Yes, your ladyship ; it was so lovely that I could not stay within, and I knew you would not need me." " No ; the air has done you good, and there is much of beauty around Dunforth Castle. Go as often as you like, if you will only bring me back such a bright face every time." And again those sharp eyes searched the beautiful countenance. Brownie colored vividly as she turned away, and a little bird was singiug merrily in her heart, and " As sweet and musical As bright Apollo's lute " The dinner-party had not been very satisfactory either to Lady Randal or Isabel. Both felt exceedingly uncomfortable all the even- ing. The one, on account of wrongs done in the past memories of which had been so suddenly and rudely aroused ; the other, conscious of a wicked sin per- sisted in, and ever fearful lest it should become known to others and ruin her prospects in life. Isabel heaved a sigh of thankfulness when at length she was safe in her own room again, the beau- tiful blue velvet dress laid aside, and the stolen jewels shut out of sight. " What a horrid creature, that old woman, Lady Ruxley is," she said, in tones of disgust, to her mother. " Don't for the world breathe It outside these walls or it will be the worse for you, Isabel. I can see that she distrusts you now, and if you offend her, she will cut Sir Charles off with a shilling," Mrs. Coolidge returned, in alarm. " Never fear, mamma, I'll play the game out to the end now. But were you not surprised to discover that Sir Charles and Mr. Dredmond are relatives ?" " Yes, indeed, and not very well pleased either. I had no idea that Lord Dunforth was his grandfather. It is evident that he knows more about that miserable affair with Miss Douglas than is at all desirable. I am afraid Wilbur let it out to bim, he was so angry and they have been so intimate since, I hope, though, he will hold his tongue and not tell Sir Charles. I'd give a good deal to know where the girl is now,'' said Mrs. Coolidge, somewhat anxiously. * * * * * * " I will know my fate this day," said Adrian, the next morning, as he arose from his almost sleepless couch, and descended to the breakfast parlor. For the past six months Brownie had been so con- tinually in his thoughts that she had grown to seem almost a part of himself, and now it seemed to him as if, in the great horror of the night previous, when they had stood so near to death, and together had caught a glimpse, so to speak, of the darkness and gloom of mysterious eternity, it seemed, I say, as if they had tacitly acknowledged and felt that they belonged to each other. " How now," said his grandfather, as he entered the room; "must you be off to- day ? I was hoping that you would spend several weeks with us." " I'm sure I cannot see what there is so important to call you back to London," put in Lady Dunforth reproachfully. " Do you take it so much to heart? Well, then suppose I compromise the matter, and say that I .will remain for a few days," Adrian replied, laugh- ingly, though he colored a conscious crimson as he altered his plans. [?] His lordship gave him a searching glance, s if he did not exactly understand this change; he had been [?] so positive lost night about returning. Lady Dunforth, however, was delighted and other guests entering at that moment she imparted the good news, and then all sat down to breakfast. Adrian was on the watch all day for Brownie, but late hours did not agree with Lady Ruxley, and she did not rise until very late. Then being in rather a more exacting mood than usual, she kept her com- panion in constant attendance upon her all day. It was not until late in the afternoon that Brownie was free to take a stroll by herself ; then her lady- ship having fallen into a doze, she donned her hat and shawl and stole out. She had a strange desire to visit again the spot where she had so nearly lost her life, and view by daylight the havoc which had been wrought. She felt that the sweetest, and yet the most dread- ful associations, would ever be connected with the place. Walking rapidly, she soon gained the top of the hill, and turning from the narrow path, she ere long stood upon the precipice where the great shelf of earth had crumbled away. She could see where the old crack had been, and where the earth had newly broken away ; and as she looked down into the abyss below where the trees, rocks, and earth were fast being swallowed up and borne away by the fierce action of the waters, cold chills crept over her whole frame, while she silently lifted her heart in thankfulness to Him who had sent that brave deliverer to her rescue. " Strange that he should be here ! strange that he should have saved me a second time !" she murmured to herself ; and the rosy color flashed over her beau- tiful face, as she recalled that scene upon the boat, in connection with the events of the night previous. She could not forget the clinging clasp of his arms ; she could not forget his upturned, anxious face, as he dropped upon his knees, nor the burning, passion- ate kisses which he had pressed upon her hands; the horror in his voice, when he realized that it was she who had been in such danger; the intense thankful- ness which quivered in his tones at her deliverance, and the pathos with which he had said that it would have been better for them both to have perished be- neath that falling mass than that he had not come to save her. He had told her, too, of his long and anxious search for her in London ; and now she lived over again every moment, and recalled it all, with that beauti- ful color deepening upon her cheek, and those lovely eyes glowing with a deep tenderness and joy. She knew it could only be accounted for in one way ; he loved her ! Her whole being thrilled with the thought. A strange, rapturous joy surged though her heart ; for she knew, despite the difference in their position \-- for she had heard that he would one day inherit a title, although she had no idea that he was connected with Lord Dunforth -- that it was an honorable and deathless love which he bore her. She would as soon have doubled her own purity as his manliness and truth. And she ? Did she love him in return ? Before she had time to analyze her own feelings, she became conscious of a presence near her, though she had heard no step, and looking up, she beheld the object of her thoughts at her side, regarding her with grave, earnest eyes. " Are you fascinated by the horror of this place, Miss Douglas ?" Adrian asked, holding out his hand to her. " I came to see, by daylight, from what I had been saved," she replied, coloring vividly as she laid her own within it. "It is even more dreadful than it seemed in the night," he said, shuddering, as he looked below, and took in the dizzy depth, while his clasp grew stronger over the little hand, as if he feared to let it go. " This place," he resumed, after a moment, " has been regarded with dread for years. I can remem- ber when I was a little boy of seeing the smallest crack in the earth here, and I was told never to step beyond it. Every year, as the trees and shrubs growing upon it have become larger, and the seam has widened and deepened, until the crash has been ex- pected for a long time. I suppose our extra weight upon it, last night, was all that was needed to com- plete the dreadful work. I am glad, though, that it is over with, for every body has been in suspense about it for so long; but -- but, do you know, darling, that if it had buried you beneath its cruel weight, that the world would have been a blank to me to- day ?" He paused a moment, just glancing at her, his face growing pale and anxious with his emotion ; then he went on rapidly : " You know, now, dear, what I want to say to you. I love you -- I love you, my darling, and I want you for my own, my cherished wife." " I fear you will think me presuming," he hastened to say, as he saw the rich color flash over cheek, neck, and even to the tips of her delicate fingers, " for you have only met me two or three times ; but you cannot know how, for the last six months, I have sought you continually, this love growing in my heart all the while." " Yes," he added, as she gave a slight start of sur- prise, " I met you first last September, though you were not conscious of the fact, and I meant then to make your acquaintance. But your aunt died, and you went away somewhere, and I, deeply disap- pointed, lost sight of you entirely. You can judge of my surprise and pleasure, when you came aboard the steamer at New York, although you cannot judge of my feelings when you stumbled, and I caught and held you, just a moment, in my arms. I had been thinking of you continually ; your bright face dwelt in my heart like a picture, but at that moment I be- came conscious that you, and you alone, could make life worth the living to me." " I resolved then that I would know you before the voyage was finished ; but you were sick all the time, and I only caught glimpses of you when they bore you from your state-room to the coach. Then I saw you in London at the opera, and the long desired introduction took place. I resolved to cul- tivate the acquaintance, and called at Mr. Coolidge's the day you -- you went away." Adrian hesitated as he said this ; he could not for- get the dreadful things Isabel had told bim, although he knew they were every word untrue. And she, in the midst of her confusion at his avowal, could not repress a smile at the thought of his calling upon her at the Coolidge's, and wondered how the fact had been received by the haughty Isabel, "They told me you had gone," he resumed, " though they could not, or would not, tell me where. Afterward young Coolidge said that I would find you at the Washington. I haunted the hotel for a week, and I have searched the city over and over for you since. But, dearest," he said, clasping the little hand closer, "I have found you now, and can you give me the one precious boon I crave -- your priceless love ?" He bent eagorly toward her, his noble, handsome face flushed and hopeful, for her attitude was one of sweet and modest confusion, and she bad not even sought to withdraw the hand he was holding. " Will you, Brownie ?" he pleaded, softly. She flushed one quick look at him from her beauti- ful eyes, as he called her that, and he saw in their clear depths all that he wished or hoped. She loved him. Her soul answered to his, and, clasping her close to his heart, he murmured : "You are mine, darling -- I have won you by the mighty power of my silent, magnetic love, and ou will be my wife?" She lifted her bead, which had been resting against his bosom, quickly, at these last words, and said, with drooping lashes and quivering lips : " Mr. Dredmond, you have taken me by storm." "Yes, and I mean to hold you," he interrupted gayly, as he noticed her excessive embarrassment; then added more earnestly : " Brownie, do you, can you, love me ?" She smiled faintly at his first words, then with modest frankness gave him the honest answer which she knew was his due. " If I am truthful, I must confess that my heart does respond to yours ; but knowing so little of you, I should have deemed it unmaidenly to have con- fessed it, even to myself." " But you do confess it now -- you do love me ?" he interrupted again, eagerly, and impatient for a more definite reply. " Yes," she whispered. " And you will be my wife ?" he asked, as his lips met hers. "Yes; God willing," in tones of solemn sweetness. " Darling, God has given you to me; I acknowledge the giver as I take the gift. From that first moment when I met you in the art gallery in Philadelphia, until now, this mighty love has been growing within me." "In the art gallery ?" questioned Brownie, with a puzzled look. " Yes, when your friend, Miss Huntington, met with such a series of accidents." " Oh ! was that you with Mr. Gordon?" she de- manded, her face dimpling at the remembrance, and she eagerly searched his face. " I remember now ; it has haunted me like a strange dream ever since I met you on the boat, where I had seen you before. Now it all comes back to me," she said. " I found something that day which belongs to you, but not in season to return it to you then," Adrian said. He took from his pocket, as he spoke, the elegant sleeve-button, which he had always carried with him since. Brownie exclaimed joyously as she saw it ; " Oh I how glad I am to get it -- I never thought to see it again ; and you have had it all this time?" " Yes, darling -- my Brownie -- how I have longed to say it -- and I vowed then that I would only yield it up into your own little hands." " It belonged to auntie once," she explained, " and there are associations connected with it which make it very dear to me." "And now come to yonder rock and sit down, I want to know all that has happened to you since you left the Coolidges ; there has been some mystery con- nected with it which I could never understand," Adrian said, leading her to a sheltered seat, and sit- ting down beside her. And Brownie, feeling that she was now no longer alone, but that instead, she had a host in him to battle for her, poured forth all the story of her wrongs about the jewels, and the abuse and insult which she had received from Isabel and her mother. CHAPTER XXV. RETROSPECTIVE The reader has doubtless surmised before this, that it was Brownie's voice which had so startled Isabel Coolidge, and that it was she whom she had seen as- sisting Lady Ruxley into the house, as she and her lover passed the villa, on their way back to Valling- ham Hall. Isabel had asked Lady Randal, on her return, what the name of Lady Ruxley's companion was ; but upon being told that it was Mabel Dundas, her fears were quieted, and she thought no more of the matter at that time. We must now go back to that day, when Brownie in her despair and desolation, bade farewell to Wil- bur, and drove away from the Coolidge mansion. It was her intention to go directly to the Washing- ton, and there await, for a few days, at least, what- ever destiny might send her. But this plan was overruled in a way she had not thought of. The man who drove the cab was more than half intoxicated, although he had managed to conceal the fact from Wilbur, who, had he not been so bound up in his own misery, and filled with indignation against his mother, would have noticed it imme- diately. As it was, the poor girl rode away, all unconscious of approaching danger, and of the suffering and fright through which she was about to pass. The man drove very carelessly, and upon suddenly and heedlessly turning a corner, he ran into a heav- ily-loaded team before he could cheek the speed of his horses. More by hit than by any good wit, he turned them quickly aside, and the cab was almost miraculously disengaged from the other vehicle; but the animals had now become unmanageable from excessive fright. They gave a sudden leap in the air, then bounded forward in a mad and furious race. The cabby was thrown from his seat into the gut- ter, and in turning another corner the carriage was upset. Now, wholly besides themselves, the horses kicked themselves free from the debris, and plunged out of sight, leaving poor Brownie, in a state of in- sensibility, buried beneath the ruins. The accident had happened in a quiet, aristocratic street of the city ; consequently there were few to witness it, and the young girl escaped the curious gaze of the crowd, which always gather about any such event in the more frequented portions. The massive door of a grand house soon swung open, and an old lady of over eighty, very peculiar in appearance (for she was bent nearly double, and walked with a cane), appeared, attended by the gray-haired butler of the house. " Go and bring her in instantly, James," she was saying, when another woman came forward, and seemed to protest against the order in a very em- phatic manner. " I tell you it's inhuman, Helen, to let her lie there to be carried off to some hospital by the police,'' cried the old woman, in shrill, almost angry tones." " But aunt, the house is full now ; and if she is badly injured, it will not do to move her from here after she has been once attended to." " I don't care if there are five hundred in the house ; that girl shall not be left there to be carried off by the police, I tell you, James, go bring her in this in- stant. Get some one to help you, and take her up to my bedroom." " But aunt --" "Hold your tongue, Helen. You were always hard-hearted as adamant. Go along, I say," And shs flourished her cane about her grave butler's ears in a way to make him move more quickly to execute her orders than was his wont. He beckoned to two under-servants and together they proceeded to the overturned carriage, where Brownie could be seen lying prone against the win- dow, her white face upturned and motionless. They extricated her, and bore her into an upper room, where, in the presence of the brusque and en- ergetic old women, she was kindly ministered unto, while awaiting the arrival of the family physician. It was a long time before she came to herself, and then only to relapse into repeated faintings, which alarmed them greatly. The physician, after a thorough examination, could discover no very serious injuries, excepting that [?] had also [?].... physician feared there [?] injuries which caused the fainting [?] He set the bones and did what he could for her, and then waited for time to do the rest. For three days she continued very ill, being fever- ish and somewhat delirious, but after that she began to mend rapidly, and the doctor concluded that there wore no internal injuries, and that the fainting had been caused by the fright and general shock to her system, and said if inflammation did not set into her arm she would now do nicely. At the end of a week she was able to sit up, and began to, wonder where she was, and what would happen to her next. Evidently she could not have fallen into better hands, for she was surrounded by every luxury im- ginable, and upon questioning the servant who tended her, she was told that she was in the house of Lady Randal. She wondered why her ladyship did not come in to see her, and then sighed to think that she was only a poor, friendless waif, who had been picked out of the streets and ministered unto for charity's sake. But one day, upon awaking from a long and re- freshing sleep, she found the queerest-looking old lady bending over her and scrutinizing her closely. She was nearly bent double, and held a cane in her hand. She uttered a low grunt as Brownie opened her large brown eyes, giving her a surprised look, and then asked, in a sharp, though not unkindly tone: " Who are you ? What's your name ?" " My name is Douglas," replied Brownie, quietly, her pale face flashing slightly at the blunt question. "Eh? What? Oh! Dundas," returned the de- formed creature, twisting her neck to get a better view of the delicate face. She was evidently hard of hearing, and did not catch the name correctly, but she continued : " And what's your other name?" " Mehetabel," the young girl said, with her usual quiet smile whenever she pronounced the obnoxious cognomen. " Ah ! Mabel," replied the old woman, only seeing the motion of her lips, and catching the last sylla- bles. "Mabel Dundas ! That is a good-sounding name. Now, how old are you ?" Brownie was upon the point of correcting the mis- take regarding her name, when she checked herself. " What matters it," she breathed, with a sad sigh, " whether I am Mehetabel Douglas, or Mabel Dun- das ? It will be all the same to her, and perhaps help to shield me from my enemies." " I am nearly nineteen," she replied to the ques- tion. " What ? I'm not always so hard of hearing, but I've got a cold to-day. How old did you say you are?" "Nearly nineteen," Brownie repeated, speaking louder. " Do you suffer much ?" " Not very much " " Where are your friends ?" " I have none," and the sad, sweet eyes filled with tears. " Hump ! that's bad for a pretty face like yours. What do you do for a living ?" "Teach." "Teach what?" " Almost anything, excepting the higher classics." "Ah! indeed! and only nineteen! Perhaps you are one of those reduced gentlewomen, who go out governessing, and pretend to know everything," snapped the old woman, with a sneer. Probably she had been taken in sometime during her life by some such person as she described, which accounted for her scorn. " No, madam, I pretend to nothing ; I have a good education, therefore teach for a living, and am only a poor girl without home or friends." Brownie's cheeks were very red now, but her dig- nity would have done credit to the highest lady in the land. The strange woman chuckled audibly, nodded her head two or three times, as if much amused, and then went on with her catechising : " Do you read French ?" " Yes, madam," replied the young girl, inwardly resenting the woman's brusque manner, yet feeling bound to reverence her gray head. " And German ?" " Yes madam." "Can you play the piano, and sing ?" "I can." " Have you an engagement now ?" " No, madam." " Are you desirous of obtaining a situation ?" " I am." " Can you produce the 'best of references ?' " This question was also accompanied with a sneer. " I cannot, madam. I have only my qualifications and my own word to recommend me," Brownie an- swered, with a good deal of spirit. Again the old woman chuckled, and distorted her neck to look at her in a way which made Brownie fear she would dislocate it. " Where where you last ?" she demanded. Evidently the old lady possessed authority in the house, or she would not have assumed this manner toward her. She was very richly dressed, too, and despite her deformity, had the appearance of nobility about her. Brownie tried to hide her indignation at being so persistently questioned, for she had been kindly treated, having received every care and kindness, although as yet, she was unconscious how much of it was due her present tormentor. " " I taught in an American family," she at last re- plied. "Ah ! came over with them, didn't you ? And you are an American, too, aren't you ?" she asked, with a searching look. Brownie nodded her head wearily ; she was becom- ing very nervous. " What was the name of the family, and what did they dismiss you for ?" This was going a little too far, and assuming too much. " Pardon me, madam," Brownie answered, with proud dignity. " I do not understand your motive is interrogating me thus, and prefer not to reply to any more questions. I will simply say, however, that I was not dismissed from my position, but be- ing unkindly treated, I came away of my own accord." " Good! good ! I like that ; nobody can set their heel upon you neck. You are not fond of the in- quisition, either, nor afraid to say so. You've got pluck, and I like it ; but I'm an old woman, and al- ways have my own way wherever I am. I'll go now, though, for you look tired, but I shall come to see you again." And the strange character, after twist- ing her neck to get another view of Brownie's fair face, hobbled from the room, striking her cane upon the floor with a vigorous thump at every step, and nodding her head and muttering to herself all the way out. Brownie fell to weeping passionately as soon as she was gone. Her sharp blunt questions had brought back so forcibly the stern realities of life, and she felt so friendless and forlorn, not knowing which way to turn next. But she felt better after the shower, and began to lay her plans for the future. The next day she was awakened from her nap the game as on the previous day, and was greeted by that same low grunt as she opened her eyes. She had no idea how long the woman had been gazing at her, nor how she had entered the room, for she had heard neither the opening nor shutting of a door, nor the thumping of that cane across the floor. She held in her left hand to-day, a delicate vase of fretted silver, in which there was a single stalk of hyacinths, with a few sprays of feathery heath. " Better to-day ?" she questioned, briefly. Brownie smiled a little as she answered in the af- firmative. She saw that the keen gray eyes had a softer, kind- lier gleam in them than they had yesterday. " Arm pain you much ?" " No, madam, thank you, it is very comfortable to- day. " Do you like flowers ?" and she held out the vase to her. Brownie sat up, her lovely face flashing all over with delight, and put her hand out to receive it. " Your are very kind. They seem like a ray of sunshine after a cold and dismal storm," she said, bending over them to inhale their fragrance. " Humph ! it takes mighty little to make some people chipper," the old woman returned, bluntly ; yet there was a note of satisfaction in her shrill voice, as if Brownie's appreciation pleased her. Then she asked : "Are you getting stronger ? Are you able to walk about the room ?" "Oh, yes ; I am quite strong to-day, and have been thinking I must go away soon." " What for ? Aren't you comfortable ?" and the old lady spoke more sharply than usual. "Yes, indeed; too comfortable, I'm afraid; but then I am depending on strangers, and I ought to be looking out for myself," Brownie replied, her cheeks crimsoning with embarrassment. " What could you do with your arm in a sling, I should like to know?" her visitor said, con- temptuously. " That would not hinder my teaching, and I ought to be at work." " Ahem! you'd like me to think you are one of the industrious kind, wouldn't you?" the old woman said, grimly. Evidently she did not like anything which seemed like self-praise. " Oh, no," Brownie answered, with a mischievous smile, " I assure you, I do not love drudgery, a bit better than other people ; but when one has not a penny excepting what one earns, it is necessary to bestir one's self." She began to understand this strange, autiquated being, and to see that beneath her rough, blunt ex- terior, there lay a kindly, although somewhat eccen- tric nature. The little vase of hyacinths and heath, had revealed a great deal ; it was a delicate attention, which only a kind heart would have prompted. Again she chuckled, bobbed her head, and peered into the young sweet face, which had grown so much brighter since she came in this time. "Well, if you want to work, and can walk a few steps, come with me, I'll take you at you word, and set you a task right away." Much amused, and wondering what was coming next, Brownie arose with alacrity, for she had grown weary of being shut up in one room, and longed for a change. The old woman led the way half across the room, then stopping short, and turning suddenly around she said : " Perhaps you'd like to know who I am since I've managed to find out so much about you and your affairs. I'm Lady Ruxley, and I'm aunt to Lady Randal, in whose house you are. She's a hard-hearted creature -- Helen is, but she can't come it over me ; no, no, not until I lose more of my wits than I have yet," she concluded, with a triumphant chuckle. Lady Ruxley! Lady Ruxley! Where had she heard that name before ? Brownie wondered. It sounded familiar, and her thoughts went leap- ing back into the past. Then all at once it came to her with force which made her feel faint and sick, and she caught her breath with almost a sob. Lady Ruxley was that woman, at whose ball in London, more than forty years ago, that tragedy in her aunt's life had occurred, and Lady Randal was, without doubt, the hard-hearted Helen, and that same Helen Capel, whose cruel plotting and intrigue had ruined the life of Miss Mehetabel Douglas. And she had been receiving, and was still receiving, such heavy obligations from the hands of that wicked woman ! CHAPTER XXVI. A LITTLE MATTER OF BUSINESS. " What's the matter ? You are not strong enough to walk! Go back and sit down," commanded Lady Ruxley, as she saw the young girl first flush a deep crimson, and then grow white as a ghost. But she quickly recovered herself. " Thank you, but I am perfectly able to go ; I was dizzy for a moment, though it has passed now," she returned, quietly, although a tumult of feelings was raging in her bosom. Giving her another searching glance, her ladyship passed on, and instead of going out at the door, as Brownie expected she would do, she proceeded to- ward the opposite side of the room, where a set of heavy satin damask curtains hung suspended from a richly-gilded cornice. Brownie supposed that they concealed a window, but sweeping them aside, her guide conducted her through a lofty archway into a small vestibule, lighted from above through richly-stained panels of glass, to another archway also concealed by cur- tains. Passing through this she ushered her companion into the sunniest, pleasantest, airiest room in the world! It was a sort cf parlor, library, and music-room combined, and contained everry comfort and luxury which the human heart could suggest. Leading from this large room was a smaller in which Brownie caught sight of a narrow bed simply draped in white. She afterward learned that the strange old woman out of the abundant tenderness of her heart for her in her dangerous condition, had given up her own luxurious chamber to her, and slept upon this small couch in an anteroom. "Sit down," said Lady Ruxley, indicating by a notion of her head a tempting chair, standing near a marble table covered with richly bound books. Brownie obeyed, while her ladyship seated herself in another opposite. "There," she said, when, by an ingenious con- trivance, she had tipped the chair back, so that she could look at her without twisting her neck; "now I'll tell you what I want of you. Three weeks ago I sent away my companion because she neglected me. I suppose it was dull staying with such an old dry bones as I am ; and I've had no one since to read to me, or do anything tor my amusement. Now, if you want something to do, won't you please read me something from that "English Review?" " With pleasure," Brownie replied, her pale face brightening again with the thought of contributing thus to the poor lonely old woman's comfort. It seemed almost like the old times with her own auntie, only it would have appeared more real if Lady Ruxley had not been so blunt and sharp, but a little more loveable, like Miss Mehetabel. She read an hour, in clear, distinct tones, which, although her ladyship was hard of hearing, she had no difficulty in catching every word. " That was reading worth listening to," she said, heaving a sigh of appreciation. " Now put the book aside, and rest awhile." "I am not weary; let me read you something else," she answered. " No, no ; I'll not listen to any more now ; but if you do not mind, I'd like you to sit with me awhile longer." " Yes, certainly, if you wish." " Nobody cores for an old mummy like me" (how Brownie wished she would not call herself such hor- rid names), " and I do get lonely staying by myself all the time; though the time was, when there were few who were not glad to seek the society of Lady Ruxley. Minnett, my maid, is no company, and I've not been able to find any one who was willing to be companion to a deaf old woman." "They try to be polite," she went on, garrulously, "to me when I go down into the drawing-room, because they know I'm rich, and they think it won't do to cross me ; but I know my room is better than my company. Nobody but Charles cares for his old aunt; he's Lady Randal's son, and as good as gold. He never pokes fun because I am so unfortunate as to form a right angle with my body, and have to twist my neck like a turtle in its shell when I want to see anybody. He's always civil, and would give me his arm out to dinner as gallantly as to the handsomest belle in the kingdom. He believes in the old proverb about ' honoring the hoary head,' which is more than most young people nowadays do. How is it, young woman -- do you, like old folks?" She had run on in a rambling sort of way, but as she asked this question, she turned to Brownie, and eyed her keenly. " I had a dear aunt, who was all the friend I had in the world since I was a little baby. She was both father and mother to me, and I shall always feel ten- derly toward old people for her sake," Brownie re- plied, the quick tears springing to her eyes. " Is she dead ?" "Yes; she died the fifth of last September." " Was she old and ugly and withered like me ?" Poor Brownie ! it was a hard question, remember- ing so vividly as she did Miss Mehetabel's fair, lovely face, set in its frame-work of clustering silvery curls. The comparison was not favorable, to say the least, to this antedeluvian before her. She flushed with embarrassment, as she gently replied : " All old people grow wrinkled, you know, and her hair was much whiter than yours." Lady Ruxley chuckled merrily over this non-com- mittal answer. " Young woman, you are as 'wise as a serpent and as harmless as a dove,' and I'm of the opinion that your aunt might have thought considerable of you. What was her name ?" " I was named for her," the young girl replied, evasively. " Mabel Dundas. It is a pretty name ; I like it." And the queer old lady looked as if she liked the owner of it too. " Do you play chess ?" Brownie asked, to change the subject, and glancing toward an elegant chess table of ebony inlaid in squares with pearl and gold. " Yes, yes ; do you know the game ?" returned Lady Ruxley, eagerly. " I used to play with auntie some ; perhaps it would pass away an hour if we should play a game." Her ladyship chuckled and nodded her head con- tentedly, and then started up to arrange the table. " Please keep your seat, Lady Ruxley, and allow me to wait upon you," Brownie said, rising quickly. She wheeled the little table close to her ladyship's chair with her right hand, and dextrously arranged the men. Then she drew up her own chair and the contest began. Two hours passed rapidly while engaged in this fascinating game. Brownie checkmated her opponent the first two games, but losing (?) her queen the third, crippled her, and Lady Ruxley won. "You lost your queen ! but if I beat, I want to beat !" she said, sharply, although there was a kind- ly gleam in her eyes which belied her harsh words, and Brownie smiled to see how quickly she had detected her ruse. The next morning, after the servant, who waited upon Brownie, had attended to all her wants, and left her, there came a rap upon her door. It was immediately followed by the entrance of a fine-looking woman who was very richly dressed. Brownie arose, bowed courteously, and remained standing till she was addressed. " Miss Dundas," the lady said," "I must apologise to you for any seeming neglect in not coming to see you before, but I have a house full of company ; but I have given orders that you should want for noth- ing. I am Lady Randal, and I have come to have a few moments' conversation with you. She seated herself, and motioned for Brownie to do the same, then resumed : " You have had quite a serious accident, and I am glad to see you better. Are you quite comfortable, and do the servants attend you properly ?" and she put up her eye-glasses to inspect the stranger. "Thank you, I have been very kindly cared for, and am very grateful for the good Samaritan's charity which has provided for my necessities," Brownie answered, trying to speak heartily, although she felt the greatest repugnance toward this woman, who she believed was guilty of as much wrong. She had a cold, false eye, and a cunning, cruel ex- pression about her handsome mouth. She was just the kind of a woman to ruin the life of any one who stood in her way, Brownie thought. She laughed lightly but disagreeably at the young girl's words. "Oh, I do not claim any merit whatever regarding your comfort or necessities. My house was full, and at first I though it would be impossible to take you in, but Lady Ruxley, who is very eccentric and will- ful, insisted upon it, and gave up her own chamber for your accommodation, she sleeping meanwhile in her maid's room." Brownie's fair face grew scarlet, as she listened to this, and was made to feel, by the indelicate expla- nation, that Lady Randal, at least, had regarded her in the light of an intruder. It explained to her, too, what she had at first con- sidered singular -- that the rooms should be connected by archways and curtains instead of doors. " I regret exceedingly," she returned, with, dignity " that I should have put an aged lady like Lady Ruxley to such inconvenience. I laid my plans yesterday to go to some hotel as soon as I should be able, and remain until I fully recover the use of my arm. If you will allow one of your servants to order a carriage for me, I will put my plan into execution at once." " No, no, Miss Dundas, that would never do at all, and Aunt Ruxley would berate me soundly if she knew I had told you this. She is a very queer woman, as doubtless you discovered yesterday. She will not be crossed in anything, and when her mind is once made up, you can no more move her than you could one of the seven hills of Rome. She saw the cab in which you were, when it was overturned from one of the drawing-room windows, and imme- diately hobbled to the door where she ordered James, the butler, to bring you in. Since then she has paid you a visit every day, although she tells me that you did not discover it until the day before yesterday, when you awoke and found her standing over you. But," continued the woman, who had never once taken her eyes from the fair young face before her and had read its every expression with a boldness which made her odious, " I did not come to tell you this -- I came upon a little matter of business." She paused a moment, and Brownie wondered what business she could have with her. " Aunt Ruxley has taken a great shine to you, so to speak," she resumed, " and has commissioned me to ask you if you would be willing to remain with her as her companion ? Wait, if you please, until I get through, Miss Dundas, before you decide," she said, as Brownie looked up in surprise, and then went on, as if she supposed the young girl possessed of no feeling or delicacy : " I do not approve of the plan myself; I never believe in engaging any one in this way, for she says you have no recommendation or credentials beyond your own word. But she has set her heart upon it, and seems to think you will be willing to remain. It is very difficult to get any one of the right sort, who is willing to stay and do for her what she requires, on account of her peculiari- ties. We have tried several during the last two years. Now, if you think you would like the place, and would exert yourself to please her, we will over- look your lack of credentials, and I think we can arrange to give you the situation. Your salary would be fifty pounds a year. Of course we do not expect," she hastened to add, " that you can do very much until your arm gets strong, and we will make every allowance for that." Brownie was disgusted with the woman's coarse- ness, and felt more like refusing the offer than accepting it, but what could she do? It seemed like flying in the face of Providence to reject it. She had no credentials, and no good family having children would engage her without, and she knew she was likely to fare no better, if as well, if she returned to her native land, unless she should acknowledge she had failed in her great undertaking, and fall back upon Mr. Conrad's offer to give her a home. She was convinced that, with all her eccentricities, Lady Ruxley was kind at heart, and if she were treated with proper respect and consideration, she believed she would not prove a hard mistress, and fifty pounds a year would do very well to begin with, and might be a stepping-stone to a larger salary in the future. So, after thinking the matter over carefully, she decided to accept Lady Randal's offer. " Does Lady Ruxley remain in town most of the year ?" she asked, before giving her answer. "Oh, no. I ought to have mentionod that we all leave town in a few weeks for our county seat, in Kent County, where Lady Ruxley has a house of her own, preferring to live alone rather than endure the noise and confusion of Vallingham Hall. Do you object to the country ?" "Oh, no, I like it." This intelligence relieved Brownie greatly, for she felt as if she could scarcely endure to live in the same house with this woman. " It may be a little lonely for you at first," Lady Randal added, " but aunt frequently pays a visit to the hall, for she likes to know what is going on in the world, I assure you, if she does live alone with her servants most of the time." " I will accept this position, Lady Randal, and if I can make Lady Ruxley's life more pleasant than it has been I shall be very thankful," Brownie said gravely, yet a little proudly. She did not fancy her visitor's patronizing, almost insolent manner, and inwardly resented her bold, fixed stare. " Very well, then, we will call the matter settled," Lady Randal replied, rising, and infinitely relieved that she had been able to secure a companion for her troublesome aunt, though she thought the girl a " proud minx." She left her with a cool good morning, and the young girl teemed to breathe freer the moment the door closed after her. ****** " Can you be happy with such a blunt, cross grained old woman as I am ?" asked Lady Ruxley, when she next saw Brownie. " It does not always do to judge people by their exterior," she replied, smiling, and then she blushed fearing she had admitted too much. " What do you mean by that ?" and the keen eyes searched her. " I mean that though you have a blunt way of addressing people, I think you have a very kind heart underneath it all, else you would never have befriended a poor stray waif like me in the way you did. I am sorry you should have been put to so much inconvenience," and Brownie's sweet lips trembled. " Pshaw ! child, you were too pretty to be left lying there in the gutter for anybody to pick up and carry off. I suppose Helen ran on about the incon- venience of the thing, and she was a fool to tell you about it," the old lady answered, somewhat dis- turbed. A month later they were settled in that gem of a villa, near Vallingham Hall. Brownie had fully recovered, and her arm was getting stronger everyday, so that she ventured now to use it daily to entertain her strange employer, who was very fond of music. She really grew quite attached to the old lady when she became better acquainted with her, and found her, with all her oddities, a much more con- genial companion than either Mrs. Coolidge or Isabel had been. She did sometimes grow weary, and long for the sight of a young face, but Lady Ruxley's library was filled with the choicest volumes, and her tables were covered with all the first class periodicals of the day ; while she was continually ordering music from Lon- don for her. She read a great deal, and practised several hours a day, so that the time slipped by, until Lady Ran- dal and her family came down to Vallingham Hall, the advent of whom was to open a new era in Brownie Douglas' life ! (To be continued.) 