LAW COUBTS, SUPREME COURT—OIVIL SITTINGS. Monday, December 13. [Before His Honor the Ohief jjJuafcioe and Juries.! ABSENT JOEOB. Thomas Hull, a juror, who was absent;, 'was fined £5 for non-attendance. DAYIS V. IIOLLOWAT. £500 damages for assault. The Hon. O. Mann, Q.C., with Mr. Stuart, for plaintiff; Mr. Grundy, with Mr. Ingleby, for defendant. Mr. Stuart, in opening the case, stated that the plaintiff was the theatrical critic for the Advertiser, and that the defendant was an actor. The plaintiff claimed £500 damages for an Unprovoked assault committed on him on September 13 by defendant, who severely beat him about the face and eyes, and thus prevented him from attending to his business. The defen dant admitted having struck the plaintiff, and paid £20 into court which he considered was sufficient to Batisfy the plaintiff's claim. Defen dant denied having, on September 13, made an unprovoked and cowardly assault on the plaintiff, and stated that he struck plaintiff under great provocation. The circumstances of great provocation to whioh defendant referred were that the plaintiff as critic for the £ dvertiser wrote an article or notice which was published in the Advertiser of Sep tember 13, which contained the following words: —"At the close of the play.on Saturday oue peculiar incident took place which calls for a word of comment. There were the usual loud cries from the -gallery for 'Holloway,' aud as the actor in question had not appeared during the evening, aud was not cast in the play, it must be presumed either that the claqueurs had mistaken their cue, or tbat'lhe calls from the gallery are often as undeserved aB they are ill-timed." The defendant inferred and believed that the writer intended it to he inferred that ; e v is in the habit cf employing persons to applaud hisactiug, and tbat tlie persons so hired had in this instance mistaken the directions given to them, and this statement was calculated to injure the defen dant as an actor and a man. Mr. Stuart pointed out the duties of the plaintiff, and said that it was his place not only to criticise the performances but to point out any abuses which he might find existed. He stated that h6 would call evidence to show that the plain tiff was justified in his writing, aud that a most cowardly assault had been committed on him by the defendant. He referred to the sur roundings of the case, and said it w&3 important that public writers should be protected while carrying out their duties honestly. It could not be said, he suggested, that Mr. Davis was Actuated by any malice, because he wa3 ou good terms with Mr. Holloway previously, and 'he only did what he was called upon to do. After speaking as to the general evidence he > was prepared to present at some-leng'tli, ha pro ceeded to call the witnesses for the plaintiff. Francis W. Davis, sporting editor aud dramatic critic of the Advertiser, said:—I was at the theatre on September II and wit nessed the performance of a piece called " .Royal Pardon." I know the defendant who is one . of the stock company and stage manager. Mr. Bland Holt was filling the star character in " Eoyal Pardon." Mr. Holloway was not cast : in the piece. At the close of the performance there were cries from the gallery. I was stand ibg at the dress circle door. I did not think the cries were for " Holt," and they sounded like :the tail-end of a familiar cry "Holloway." Some one tapped me on the shoulder, aud said, ;'JDo yon hehr that, they are shouting for • nonoway." im arrested my attention, and I. noticed the cry. When I got into the cafe I met Mr. Allison, the lessee of the theatre, who re marked that these cries were too had. He said several gentlemen had complained to him aboat it, and asked me to call attention to it. I took a memorandum, and wrote the critique which 'appeared in the Advertiser of September 13. On Monday evening, September 13, I was at the Theatre Royal. I mot Mr. Stock on the stairs, and went into the oafe with him. I saw Mr. Holloway standing at the bar talking to Mr. Allison. I had not gone in more than a few steps when Mr. Hollowaycama towards me. I had my overcoat on, and ray hands were in the pockets. I was speaking to my friend when Mr. Holloway said to me '• There is a remark in your paper this morning; referring to me, and yon wrote it." Z said, " Well, what about it." I turned round to speak to my friend, and immediately afterwards an exclamation from Holloway was followed by my receiving a violent blow in the eye. This blow was followed by others on the eyes and temples. The assault was so sudden that I had some difficulty in keeping my feet. As soon as I got my feet firm I put np my arms, but could not use them because of my overcoat, and while I had my arms open trying to get my coat off T received two of the heaviest blows. I threw my overcoat on one side and then defended myself as best I could. I was nearly blind, and could do nothing in the shape of fight ing. After the struggle had continued some time we w&e; separated by somebody who said they would not allow fighting in the saloon. Holloway became very abusive, and called me a ,"b——y dog," a " hound," and a " worm." He said," You are a liar, and they know you are at the office." He shouted oat at the top of his voice and told me to go home. I did not go out hat seated myself at a table and told Holloway I was not afraid of him there or anywhere else. I remained in the saloon until Holloway left. There were a great many people in the. cafe when the assault took place. She cafe is fre quented by gentlemen attending the dress cirole. I remained at home four or five days and was j attended by a doctor. Z remained from work for a week. My eyes were blackened, and the attackwas'sosuddenastoshock my system. Iwas on ordinary friendly terms with Holloway, and just previously to the assault ho thanked me "for having favorably noticed a young lady. The cries for " Holloway" are a matter of public notoriety. Others have written on the Bubject. I have never heard Holloway called before when he was not there. By Mr. Grundy— Mr. Holloway has been aoting daring the time I have been in the colony —■ for about three and a half years. His benefits have been well attended so far as I am aware. I did not write the flattering notice about Mr. Holloway which appeared in the Advertiser of September 26. I have written favorable and unfavorable notices of Mr. Holloway. I did not criticise Mr. Holloway in the character of Philip. I don't? remember all the* particulars of a dispute as to a statement about a wig. I have been a critic for about fifteen years in this and the other colonies, and I have had con siderable experience. I consider it my duty to write down public abuses as well as criticise the play. I have heard Holloway very loudly called when playing with stars. The cries came from the gallery, and I called attention to the cries because the cries were becoming a nuisance. I did not blame Mr. Holloway because "the gods " were cot discriminating, but becauso he played to them. Mr. Holloway has had good benefits, but in consequence of the means sometimes adopted, to secure good benefits, they do not form criterions of a man's popularity I have heard that Mr. Holloway paid one man a certain percentage on the tickets he sold for the last benefit. I don't think the persons who sell tickets usually get a percentage on what they sell. It is the custom for actors to pass tickets ronnd to their friends for sale. I saw Mr. Bonython in the office on Monday, but I first heard that Holloway had seen him after the assault. I do not know that Mr. Bony thon had said that the paragraph was a disgraceful one if it were not true. It was written to people in the gallery. It was not a disgraceful paragraph. Mr. Holloway was so much in the habit of play ing to the gallery that we had been obliged to call attention to it. On one occasion because of this playing the gallery when "Hamlet" was being played, Mr. Holloway, who was playing the Ghost, was called before the curtain, while Mr. Fairclough was neglected, and I considered this was very unjust. Plaintiff was cross-examined by Mr. Grundy as to the circumstances of the assault, and as to the injuries he sustained, but he adhered to his first statements. Dr. Way said—I attended Mr. Davis on Sep tember 14. He had a black eye, several bruises about the forehead and temple, aud the left eye was bloodshot. These marks were probably the effects of blows, and the immediate effects of such blows as would produce the bruises would be to make a person blind for a short time. Ernest D. Stocks, artist, Ballarat, sail—I was at the Theatre Royal saloon on the evening of September 13. The defendant came forward and wanted to speak to Mr. Davis, with whom I was having a chat. Mr. Davis said he would see me again in a moment, and then Mr. Davis and defendant entered into conversation quietly. Then I heard a violent blow and the exclama tion " Take that." This took me by surprise, as I thought the two were friends. Davis put his hand to his left eye, and tried to take off his overcoat, defendant striking him meanwhile, as I believe. I saw a good many blows struck by defendant, and the two men were striking wildly for a few seconds. Michael Anderson, turf commission agent, said—I was in the saloon of the Theatre Royal on the evening of September 13, when Mr. Holloway assaulted the plaintiff. Mr. Holloway stepped up to Mr. Davis, and after exchanging a few words, Mr. Holloway struck Mr. Davis iu the face twice. I did not hear any warning, and Davis had both his hands down. After the two were separated I heard something said, but I don't remember what it was. I don't consider the blow was a very violent one. I have received many worse myself, fLaughter.) I don't re member saying that the blow was no mora than sufficient to kill a mosquito. James Allison, lessee of the Theatre Royal, said—I was in the cafe of the Theatre Royal on the evening of September 13. I was standing at the bar speaking to Mr. Holloway. Holloway left me and went over to Davis. He spoke a word or two and then I saw him strike Davis, who was standing still with his overcoat on and his hands by his side. I ran over and caught Holloway by the arm. I saw Davis take his coat off, aud while he was doing so, Holloway rushed at Davis again. After Davis had his coat off Holloway said "Don't hold me, he might strike me." I recollect the performance of "Royal Pardon" at the Theatre Royal on September II. I spoke to Mr. Davis, saying, "Mr. Chapman has just told mo thoy were calling for Holloway." I mentioned this to plaintiff because the defendant was not in the piece. I don't know that I said anything else. I heard defendant called for when Ketten was playing at the theatre. After the assault I heard defendant call Mr. Davis soma very severe names. He called him a " worm" aud a " whelp." From what I saw of the assault I don't think he gave Mr. Davis a fair chance. By Mr. Gruudy — I did not think the notices re specting "clacquers" were quite right and just. I think the cries for Holloway were due to the ignorance of the occupauts of the gallery, and he could not blame Mr. Holloway for this, unless he paid theru. He did not think Mr. Holloway would do this. I always found him an honorable man. I advised Holloway to go to the newspaper office if he had any complaivt to make, and I believe he told me he did so. I do not consider the criticism fair if it is not true. My stars oiten complain about these calls for actors. I told Mr. Davis the assault was a cowardly one, and I felt sorry for the occurrence and for Mr. Davis. Thomas Barnfield, commission agent, said I recollect a disturbance taking place in the Theatre Royal cafe on Monday evening, Sep tember 13. I saw Mr. Holloway leave Mr. Allieon, with whom he was talking, and ap proach Mr. Davis. After muttering one or two words he struck Mr. Davis. Mr. Davis then attempted to get his overcoat off, and on doing so he rushed towards Mr. Holloway, but the two were separated. I believe Holloway struck two blows. Davis was standing with his hands down. Holloway called Davis "a whelp," "a houndjj'" a worm," and " a thing." I did not hear any adjectives. I did not hear Holloway give-any warning. By Mr. Grundy—I am not sure. Davis was struck twice. The language mentioned was used by Holloway about a minute after they were separated. Samuel Wilson, J.P., of Two Wells, said—I remember a row between Holloway and Davis in the Theatre Royal cafe. The first I saw of the affair was the plaintiff staggering from the effect of a blow, and while he was trying to take off his coat he received two or three more blows. I heard Holloway after the assault calling Davis " a dog," "a cur," and "a whelp." He used an expletive once. By Mr. Grundy—I did not know either of the parties. Charles S. Wilton, architect, said—On Satur day evening, September II, at the close of the play, I heard cries from the gallery for " Hol loway." He was not in the play. I have heard cries before for Holloway, both when he has been playing and when he has not. I drew Mr. Davis's attention to the cries. Frank Dane, artist, also gave evidenoe as to the cries for Holloway. John liangdon Bonython, one or the pro prietors of the Advertiser, said—I know Mr. Holloway. I saw him on September 13 at abont S o'clock in the evening. He came to my office, and after shaking hands took a seat. He was extremely gentlemanly and very quiet, and gave no indication at all that he was suffering from temper. He said " I have come to see you about a paragraph which appears in to-day's Advertiser; I refer to the conclusion of the theatre notice. The statements made there are quite untrue." 1 made a memorandum of the conversation on the following morn ing when it was fresh ia my raomory. Ob. Mr. Holloway . telling me this I referred to the file, and after seeing the para graph asked, " What do you wish us to do ?" He replied, " This is very hard indeed upon me, and as a professional man it will do me a great injury." He said further that he had spoken to Mr. Holt, and he denied that anything of the kind had taken place. He also said that Mrs. Holt denied the truth of the statement, and [that they were in such a position that had such czies been made they would have been sure to have heard them. He added that if Mr. Holt had heard the cries he would have been very mnch annoyed. I .then said the matter involved was a question of fact, upon which X could express no opinion; bat I said there sorely must have been some cries. Mr. Holloway remarked," Ho, there were noHe at all, so I am told; I was not there myself. I know the writer. . It is Mr. Davis, and what he has written is very unfair." I said, as before, that I could express no opinion, but I should certainly think there was a basis of fact for the statement. I told him he had better get Mr. Holt to write a letter to the paper, which we would publish, but of course we ahouldmake what remarks we thought .fitnponit. Sir. Holloway went on to explain that the statement was unfair in another par ticular, as it referred to his not being cast for a particular character, whereas being the stage-manager he could cast himself for any character he liked except the star part. He asked me if nothing could be done, and I said I was afraid not, and told him that nothing had better be written by us. I also told him that he had better let the matter drop, as the least said about these matters was generally the best. Mr. Holloway then said," Well, what about your weekly paper? This statement will greatly injure me, especially in the other colonies, beoause the charge is such a serions one." His manner up to this time was of a con ciliatory character, and I said as the statement has appeared in the Advertiser and Express I did not see any particular reason why it shonld also appear in the Chronicle. X said," X will keep it out of that paper. I will do that much for yon." Mr. Holloway appeared to he satisfied and left. By Mr. Grundy—No letter was written. We did put the paragraph in the Chronicle, as any kindly feeling we had previously enter tained entirely disappeared after the assault. X never said that the paragraph had no business to be in the paper. I did exactly what I said I was going to do, I cat ontthe critique and pasted it on another piece of paper, and struck out the paragraph with the intention of keep ing it out of the Chronicle.■ I never saw the letter from Messrs. Xngleby & Grundy offering to pay £20 in satisfaction of the claim. I heard something of an. apology, but I understood it was not of a satisfactory charaoter. The proprietors of the Advertiser are paying the expenses connected with the case. I did not hear Mr. King say he would give the damages to a charity if the action wa3 decided in favor of the plaintiff, although possibly something of the kind was said. Mr, Davis has, 1 think, bean consulted with regard to every step taken in the case. This closed the case for the proBecBtion. Mr. Grundy, in addressing the jury, said he was quite sure he would have some little sym pathy, because he was placed in a very difficult position. He had to contend against the Hon. Minister of Education backed up by the Hon. Treasurer and n leading member of the bar, and his client, who had no money, was obliged to pick up from the gutter one of the under bar to defend him. (Laughter.) He referred to the statements which had been made a3 to the defendant's departure from the colony, and said he had come back again fully propared to justify himself. _ He contrasted the positions of the two parties in the action, and said the plain tiff, backed up by the proprietors of the Adver tiser, had taken upon himself on a mass of hear say evidence to write a paragraph calculated to seriously injure his client, who was dependant upon the applause of the public. He said no paragraph could be penned by the cleverest journalistio assassin which would so effectually damn an actor as that which had been written. He referred to standard dictionaries for the meaning of the word "clacquer," and said that it was defined as applying to a band of persons hired to applaud. He contended that the object of the paragraph was to represent Mr. Holloway as a creeping loathsome worm, such as he had described Mr. Davis. He said that the statement was quite unwarranted, and although Mr. Holloway did wrong in striking Mr. Davis, his conduct was provoked by the serious charge which had been made. He would call evidence to show that the assault was not of a cowardly nature, and that the facts of the case had been misrepresented. W. J. Holloway, aotor, said—On September HI was at home ill and asked permission to cast another person for my part. I came into town on Monday at about 1 o'clock; I read the paragraph in the Advertiser of September 13 in bed, and saw Mr. Allison. I pointed out the in justice of the paragraph, and I went up to see Mr. Bonython. I drew his attention to the paragraph, which he read, and said "Well I think this is uncalled for; I am sorry you are so late, or it should not have appeared in the Express, I will take care that it does not go in the weekly paper." He erased the paragraph in my presence. I told him none of the persons who took part in the performance heard the cries, and that it was a cruel and unkind thing to write, as it was calcu lated to do me injury as an actor and a man. I took the paragraph to insinuate that I employed persons to applaud, and it was telegraphed all over the colonies that I struck Mr. Davis because he did this. I never employed persons in that capacity. I am popular, and I have been very often called while stars have been performing at the theatre. Mr. Greswick has taken me by the hand before the curtain and congratulated me. Some of the stars have been sore about my calls. I never play to the gods, but I endeavor to allow per sonsinall parts of the house to get the full benefit of the dialogue. A statement of that kind is calculated to slur a man's good name. On Mon day evening I went behind the scenes and saw the .curtain up and then I went into the saloon. I was talking with Mr. Allison when Davis entered. I stepped up to Davis and said, " I beg pardon, Mr. Davis, did you write the article referring to me in this morning's paper ?" He paused for a few seconds, and looked me up and down and said, " Well, what if I did ?" I then paused and said, " Then if you did you are a liar." He said nothing whatever to that, and I remarked, " Don't you understand me—I tell you you are a liar." He made no reply, and as I saw I could get no satisfaction, I said, " Now, sir, I shall strike you." He was standing very pear the sofa near the entrance door, and wa were facing each other. I struck hiai iu the face with my left arm. He put up his arm to ward off the blow, and then struck me. I received a blow at the back of the head before I struck him again. We closed, bat were soon separated. Davis did not try so take off his coat, and I never struck him while he was trying to take it off. I would not be guilty of doiug such a thing; it was not necessary. Mr. Allisou held me back, and I said," Don't hold me, Jim, he may strike me in the face." There were no blows exchanged when we closed—it was merely a scuffle. Davis expressed.a wish to fight it out, and said something about downstairs and out side. When Davis returned to the saloon after going into the Tattersall's Olub £ was sitting at one of the tables. He and his frieud came and sat at the same table, and he said, " Mind you, Holloway, we will finith this in the same way a3 we have commenced." I said something to the effect that there was no time like the present, and walked away. I called him " a contemptible hound," and I did not use any expletive. He looked flushed and annoyed after the assault, but ho was not marked. By Mr. Mann—I had a ring on my right hand, but not oh my left hand, with which I struck plaintiff. I did not try to see Mr. Davi3. I did not know that he had written the article until ten mintes before the assault. I told Mr. Allison that unless Davis apologised I should make it hot for him. This was a few minutes before Davis came into the saloon. I regarded the writing as an attempt to cob me and my wife and children of our living. I told Davis I would strike him, and I stepped back and he drew back also. I only struck him once. I told him he was a liar, and that his master knew him to be one. I did not say," Go home, you b ydog." I do not remember Mr. Bonython saying there must be some basis for the statement. I don't reoollect his saying any thing about putting in a letter.. He said " I am disposed to think these matters are best left alone," and I answered, " Perhaps, considering an tne circumstances you are rignt. in tmns over the matter." I could not write in the matter, for as one of the stock company I was not allowed to take part in any press dis cussions. I felt perfeotly satisfied so far as Mr. Eonython was concerned, but I was not satisfied with Davis. Mr. Bonython behaved in a.perfectly gentlemanly way tojne. * Campbell C. Searle, olerk Audit Office, said— I remember the night of the disturbance in the Theatre Royal saloon. I saw Holloway leave the bar and speak to Davis. After a few words Holloway struck Davis. He Btruck him with the right arm, and Davis staggered baok. He afterwards went for Holloway. He had an over coat on. After a tussle the men were separated, and DaviB subsequently sat down at a table. Holloway said Davis was a liar, and that all the people in the theatre and his master knew it. Davis's face was a little flushed. "Wm.' Jas. Belt, practitioner in the Supreme Court, said—I was standing in the Tneatre Royal saloon, and I heard the word " liar." On looking round I saw Holloway facing Davis, and saw Holloway strike Davis once. A scuffle ensued, and the two men were separated by Mr. Allison and the billiard-marker. After the assault I heard Holloway use several abusive terms, including "a hound." I did not see any mark on Mr. Davis's face. By Mr. Mann — X saw the first blow, after Holloway called Davis a liar. The blow was struck soon after I heard the word "liar." I did not hear Holloway say, "How, sir, I'm going to strike you," but there was time for him to have done so, I could not say which band Holloway used, . .. . Richard L. Clark, manager of the billiard saloon at the Theatre Royal, .said—I was in the billiard-room on Monday evening, September 13, when I saw Mr. Davis and Mr. Holloway fight ing. They were hitting one another when I first saw them, and I ran out to separate them. I did not notice an overcoat on Mr. Davis. After the scnffle I heard Holloway call Davis a liar. I did not hear Holloway call oat any names in a loud voice. X did not notice any overcoat on him. Margery I. Fergusaon, waitress in the Theatre Royal salooB, said—I remember a disturbance between Mr. Holloway and Mr. Davis. The first thing I saw was Mr. Clark pulling Mr. Davis away. Mr. Davis afterwards walked into the Tattersall'fl Club and came back in a few minutes. He sat down at a table with a friend. I looked at Mr. Davis's face and could not see any signs of his being hurt. Holloway was sit ting at the table and he got up and walked away. Mr. Davis bad a black overcoat on when he first came into the room, and also after he came out of Tattersall's. I could not say if he had the overcoat on when Mr. Clark took hold of him. This closed the defence, and counsel having addressed the jury, His Honor summed up. The jury retired at five minutes past 6 o'clock, and at 6.35 returned into court with a verdict for the plaintiff for £65 in addition to the £20 paid into court. The court adjourned till the following morn* ing at 10 o'clock. 