HE WANTED TO BE AN, AQTOE. * A CITIZEN, whose best weight ijetetafc* coeds 120 pounds, was tho other day fc^y 1DS ft couple of hone of a tanner on the market, and before tho bargain was con cluded, tho twobocamo quito friendly, and the farmer said ho .had something on his mmd to communicate. Oae of his boys had a pussion for theatricals and was de sirous of becoming an actor. The idea was BO strong on him that ho had become worthless round tho farm, end tho lather wMiaapeok of troubla to know how to turn tbd boy's attention from the footlights to^tho plougli-haadle3. Spoeo I Bend him to you, 'sposo you make fun and ridicule him and let him see Til ib ia?" BQggested the father, and the citizen agreed. Aa a result of thair p anning the boy walked into tho citizeu'a place o£ business on Congress- street easts next morning. The father had called him a boy, but ho weighed about 160 pounds; stood nearly six teet high, and he had a pair of hands as large aa tho ehtomool tho xoseinite Valley. His arrival was ex pected, and after a few words about tho weather, the citizen queried : t.«»?° ^ou J"ou would mako an actor; on?" v ' '' Jj*> I kinder think DO," wag fcho reply. "hat line would you taker"' "Well, I kinder like tragedy." ' ! Why, you couldn't succeed in tregedy I Look at your handsLook at ttioae feet! Itemomber your yoica ! You'd bo hiBRed oil tiio stage. Don't never think of tragedy." boy fl°W W0Qi<i * do k a ^raiaft»" asked the " Not at all; in ihojiirst place yout cars are too large. Then your heola stick out too far. J-hon your bands would hido half the other a°tor8; . Ecu'* try tho drama, for you wilt ba a dead failure." " Could I do anything in comedy ?" "Not a thing. Tha eight- of you in pomeay would bo tho eazno no tho eight of] a hearse on tho stage. AU the facioal ex- ' presaion yon bayo is behind your ears." " 1 vo thought somo of Doing a »<<»»>» =rol," observed tho boy, alter a long , " That'a tho worst of all. I j0u yon boy you d better stick to tha farm. You are not tho idea*"* *° aCSor' Bnd yoa want to drop " Couldn't I act oa uBherP" " No, sir; you aro too etiff in tho knees." Couldn't I take tiokets P" ! r(0'r'jj^ver! ?SfoBr ^an<le oro too big for that 4< Couldn't I shift scenes f" "No. You aro too big and unwieldy." Ihero was a long and painful silence, ihou tho boy rose up and said: " Well, I'm bound to go into theatricals. J it c!?t anything else I'll ba tho feller that atanda at tho door to raise a, here!" bes'n on youI Come OTer He hauled tho adviser over tho table., clutched him by tae small of the back, and spun him around, Blammed him against the wail and dropped him to eet a better hold. When the curtain rose on tho next act thero was a strictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and the Ghoat, and tho Ghost's coat was ripped up tho back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice: d° y°U decl?ro thafc 1 cannot ti^aadtcplMf3' a0"8011 "lT1 "" ... ' You aro all right-you win?" actor-you can't help but \ ; 70u'il tell mo father so ?" " ^wUI~you bet I will!" If you don't !'» tra^ef° t0°k threo steps forward, Bcpwled his xierceac, and tho » ., JumPed behind tho stove and vowed v®*1 pay 50 dols. for a private box ©n th® wght ot the.^Jwi. lis well!" eaid Hamlot, and ho went ver on the market to sea if he could sell ee pecks of onion sets for cash down. Detroit Free Press. _A xm stabbed another with a pair of scissors recently in Brooklyn. Itisalw*ya dangerous to interrupt a person who is writ- ' u»g editorials. f 165. 