HE WANTED TO BE AN AOTOR. A citizen, who.-u bust weight' never ex .ceeda 120 pounds, waa tho 'Oth6r day buy ing a oouple ef hons or a icrmer on tho market, and buforo the bargain was con cluded, tho two bacanie quite friendly, and tho farmer saia he haa souietiiin:-; on his mind to corumunioato. Ono of his boys had a passion for thaafcrioak and wa-j de sirous of becoming an actor. The idea was so strong on him that ho had becomo worthless round tbo farm, an'J tho iacher was-inapeok cf trouble to know how to turn tho boy's attontion hoin the footlights to the plough-haudlcj. '' 'Spoae I so;id 'uiiu. t.-t you, 'sposo you mako fau and lidsonla hita and let him see how Jcolish ii isf' susgcttud tho father, and tho citizen agreed. As a roauit of thoir planning iho boj w.'.lE-jd iatu tho citizoir's place ot business on Oongross-sirefch east next morning. Tho father had oalled him a boy, bur. ho weighed ahoufc 100 pounds, steod nearly sii ioit high, and ho had a pair of hands a'i large as tho chrome of the IToiemite Valley. .LLij arrival was ex pected, and aitca- a few words about} the weathor, the eitizon queried : ' So you think you would make an aotor, ehf' ' Toe, I kinder think so,' was' tho reply. ' What line would you take ?' 'Weil, I kindor like tragedy.' . ''i'togaiiy! Why, you ouulUn't suocacd in tragedy 1 iiook ns. your hauilol Look at iho£e foot ! Ksmomuar your voice ! You'd be biased off the stage. Don't never think of tragedy.' ' flow would I do in a drama,' asked tha boy. ' Not at all ; ia the^first place your oars ara too large. Then your ueols stieir out too far. Then yonr haniis would hide nal; the osher actors. Don't try the drama, for you will bo a dead failure.' ' Oonld I do anytbiug ia comedy ?' ' Hot a ihiug, The sight of yoo in comedy would bo r.he same as she sign; ofj a hearso ou iho stage. Ail the iauiual ex pression you have ia behind yonr ears.' ' i'vu fhougiiS some oi being a nigger minsirel,' observuii tho boy, aiter n long ' slioacu. ' That's the worst oi all. I toil yon, boy, you'd bojtsr stiuk cu tho farm. You are np» . out out for an aciur, aud you waut to drop tue idea.' ' Coaldn'i I act ns usber?' ' No, ejr ; you are too Btiif in Iho knees.' ' Ooaldn't I take tickets f' ' Never ! Your haucij aro too big for that work.' 'Couldn't I shift soenea ?' ? . 'No. You aro too big and unwieldy.' There was ii long and paiufal silence. jluuu mo uuy xuau up aau saia : ' Woll, I'm bound to go into theatricals. If I oan't be uuytuiiig eUe I'll bo' tho ieller that stands at tho door to raise t£ row, and I'll begin on you 1 Come over horo 1' He hauled the adviser ovor tho tablo, olutohod him by; tho small or tho hack, and spun him around,, flammed him i against tho wall aud Uroppid him to get '» bettor hold. Wnon tlio curtain roso on Iho next act thoro was a st'riotly private conversation going on botweon Hamlet and tho Ghost, and the Ghost's coiio was j ripped up tho back and his collar torn open. Tnen Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice : ' 'Caitiff! do you declare that I cannot aot?' Thon tho Ghost dodged around tha tabie and replied.: 'No, I don'tl You are all right— you ara a splendid 'actor-r-you can't help buo win !' ' And you'll tell mo father so ?' 'I will — you bet I- will!' 'If you don't ? !' Hero Hamlet took three steps' forward, two baok, neoreled his iiereosc, and the Ghost jumped behind the stove and vowed ho'd even pay 50 dols. for a private box on tho night o £ iho debut, ' 'l'is woll !' said Hamlet, aud he went ovor on tho market to sea it ho oould sell threo pocks of onion Seta for cash down. — Detroit i'reo Pro3s. A man . BtaUbod anothor with a pair ? of soissora recently in Urcoklyn. It is always dungeroui tcf -lmorrupt a person who iB writ ing tauonuis. 11 