The discussion on the Constitutional question is full of surprises, and the community have scarcely got over their astonishment at the action uf Sir John O'Shanassy and Mr. Gauuson in as suming a hostile attitude towards the Government although elected to sup port them, when, out comes Mr. Wrixon with a brand new programme of his own, which is something of the . half -horse half -alligator kind. The Argus declares that the member for Portland is as illogical and unpractical as ever, and winds up a caustic article by saying that if Mr. Wrixon'e conduct on the second reading debate is a specimen of the way in which he in tends to act in future, it would be more honest of him to take his seat on the Opposition benches at once. So much importance does the Argus attach to Mr. Wrixon's deliverance, that it de votes a second leader to him in the same paper, intimating that he is now the darling of the Opposition, and stating that "it will .be news to the electors of Portland that their mem ber is a ' sixth clause man '—that is to say, he is in favour of giving exclusive financial power to the Assembly, un checked either by the Council or the people." The Age is equally puzzled to know what to make of the hon. gentle man, for it says his position is a little mixed, but instead of taking him to its heart a? fte " dsrling of tta Op. position," calls upon him to reconcile the incompatible views he puts for ward. What the Age cannot under stand about Mr. Wrixon, is that "he starts from the Liberal point of view that the Parliament ought to represent the nation, and not two antagonistic classes ; would like a nominee Upper House, or, failing this, a House elected by the ratepayers ; and winds up as a pure Parliamentarian by declaring him self heartily in favour of the principle that the Assembly ought to be supreme and irresponsible in all matters of finance." These developments on the part of Mr. Wrixon may. astonish Melbourne editors somewhat, but as that gentle man was in the habit of representing Western constituencies, we in the Western district may probably have had a better opportunity of observing the past conduct of the present member for Portland, than our metropolitan contemporaries have enjoyed. It may not be generally known that Mr. Wrixon usually speaks on one side of a question and votes on the opposite side, but we affirm our conviction that there is no cause for alarm on the pro- sent occasion. Mr. Wrixon is nothing if not crotchetty, and it is not so long ago that he propounded that particular " fad " of his, that the only safe and common-sense way of reforming the. Constitution was to throw the whole colony into one constituency for the purpose of electing members to the Upper House. At that time it was brought home to him that, if thin theory were embodied into practice, no toriety would be the chief passport to a seat in the Council, and rising young ihurisi£iu 1 1 kt- .uul. vy lixuil wou1u iiul stand the ghost of a show against ad vertising quack doctors, or other people whose names were familiar through out the colony. Consequently, Mr. Wrixon dropped that idea, and picked up the nominee system as the only one that was to be the salvation of the colony. But as neither side would have the nominee principle, Mr. Wrixon fell back upon an Upper House elected by all the ratepayers, with no property qualification for mem bers. That is the idea he now favours, and with it he associates - the sixth clause of the Berry Reform BilL But he disapproves both of the Berry Reform Bill as a whole, and of the Service Reform Bill as a whole — he will have neither the plebiscite northe Norwegian scheme. Unsophisticated persons might feel in clined to ask him what he really is in favor of, and to wonder why he does not draft a Reform Bill of his own j his confession of faith being something like that in the Athanasian creed, wherein there is not one incomprehen sible but three incomprehensibles, to gether with other distinctions equally uuappreciable. But we who know Mr. Wrixon better, are quite convinced that if the member for Portland ever became so practical as to draft a Re form Bill of his own, it would be all labor lost, for by the time he had, as the poet says, "caught a firm cloud, and in it" photographed " the Cynthia of the minute," he would make the discovery that the object he was then enamoured of was something very different, and the whole would have to be changed. But the Argus makes a mistake when it supposes that Mr. Wrixon did not take the Portland electors into his confidence when seek ing to be returned at their hands, for in point of fact the speech he de livered in the Assembly the other day was little else than a reproduction of his first address to the electors of t.he constituency he represents We give it here in order that there may be no mistake. Speaking at the Masonic Hall, Portland, on the 17th February, before a crowd of electors estimated at 700, Mr. Wrixon said : — How then could they reform the Upper Houee? Neither party would have a nominee House, and the Government had therefore dropped this proposal as quickly as (hey took It up. Jhe best tiling in practical life meant the best thing you could get. The only question was that of machinery, and of the best machinery available. He contended that an Upper Honse elected by all the rate payers, with no property qualification for members, was the best, as this would make the ratepayers shareholders in the whole of the constitution, and cause them to be more careful in electing the Lower Houee, of which they already are masters, and the Upper House would then be the House of the whole people. He did not believe in the Norwegian plan, nor was he in favour of the plebiscite. The latter sounded the knell of Parliamentary Government. The Government did not boldly accept the situation, and propose an elected executive, and legislation by direct vote. The plebiscite meant government of the country, not by the country, but by the towns ; laws would be voted in secret, notas now, in open day. The Government would simply look after the machinery of voting, and the vote would turn oat just what any unscrupulous Government wanted. With the sixth clause he certainly agreed, so far that he did not believe in two Houses dealing with finance. He believed in the principle of the English Constitution, but yet held it would not be vise to reduce that principle into definite black and white provisions, as this would give a needless sense of irresponsi bility to the one Honse. The electors of Portland, we say, returned Mr. Wrixon with their eyes open, and they were probably thinking more of boat harbors, breakwaters, and other good things expected to be ob tained through his agency, than of the political problems of the day. But for all that, they expect their member to vote with the present Government, and it is almost a moral certainty that he will do so. A politician who took office in 1871, and had for his col leagues Sir James M'Culloch, Messrs. Michie, Francis, Macpherson, Mackay, a'Beckett, Wilson, and Bates, could never vote with the Berry crew without bringing political infamy upon himself, and Mr.. Wrixon knows tins perfectly well Perhaps there is a little too much impatience manifested whenever any prominent member of the Assembly delivers himself of sentiments that were not exactly expected of him. People make out lists of two conflicting parties, whom they denominate Con stitutionalists and Berryites, and if any member ou those lists talks contrary to anticipation, he is pounced upon at once as a renegade. This is making .Reform a party question with a ven geance, and such tactics very often may hare the effect of driving a repre sentative into opposition who would otherwise have voted differently. Let honorable members blow off steam as much as they like, for in nine cases out of ten, matters will be rendered safer for ' the community by their doing- so.. After the first outburst of pent-up humours the atmosphere becomes clearer, and tilings go oh more smoothly. Wo consider that the votes of . certain memberB who have bpeg "pitched ipto" as trimmers by the Ministerial journals will be recorded right enough for the second reading of the Reform Bill, and that when the time comes, there will be a few converts from the Opposi tion who will not be able to see then- way to risk a dissolution, or to put Mr. Service out just yet 