CATHOLICS AND THE EDUCATION BILL (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal) Sir, — Happening to be in Orange a few Sun days ago at the meeting of Catholics held for tho purpose of protesting against the new Instruction Bill now before Parliament, may I ask space for a few observations suggested by that event ? The opening address of the learned and Rev. Chair man, as well as the speeches of all the gentlemen who addressed the meeting, were marked by a quiet but determined earnestness about which no second opinion could be entertained, and the audience showed its sense of moderation and genuine fair play^by emphasizing with its ap plause those parts of the addresses nivinc expres sion to principles of equal justice to all denomi nations. There was one of the speakers, however, who seemed to bo of opinion that the 'awful Pastoral ' was the cause of the introduction of Sir Henry Parkes's present Bill. This, how ever, any honest man, who frees his mind from the effect of the disgraceful clamour raised against the utterance of a few truths, can easily see is not the case. During the last two years, Sir Henry Parkes has more than once promised to make a change in the education system of this colony, and it was a generally received opinion th it an attempt to fulfil this promise would be made this session. In view of this probability the Bishops of the R. C. Church issued a pastoral addressed to their own people, enunciating and explaining their views on the most important of all their high duties — the education of youth. In this pastoral the Bishops used one sentence, viz., that Public . schools were seed plots of future infidelity, etc. At this the Secularists and infidels grasped with that desperation which always marks a bad cause. _ Every paper in the colony, with a few excep tions, rang the changes on these words until the press-ridden dupes of this country actually be lieved that the pastoral was written for the sole purpose of insulting two- thirds of the people of this land. G-aribaldi — a notorious Secularist, and the representative of ' infidelity, immorality, and lawlessness on the Continent,' was brought on the Colonial platform as a model, I suppose, of what was required, and the leaders of sects, to whom history should have taught more modera tion, with the princely and scrupulous Herald at their head — jealous of the numbers and power of the English Church, but fearing to attack them— poured forth the most malevolent misrepresenta tions, not alone against tho Catholic view of education, but against the Catholic Church its practice and principles in every age. ' Sir Henry Parkes then comes forward, and, on this tide of vituperation — prepared like 'the ' Kiama ghost ' for liis purpose— brings in a Bill which, in one unprincipled stroke, destroys vested rights, ruin3 private enterprise, forces the poor man to pay for the education of the rich man's child, and does a grievous injustico to tho Christian rights of, at least, ono half tho people of this colony—in fact, gives State aid to Secu larism, and. oo tar as ho can, expels Christianity from among the rising generation. Honest men have not failed to mark that tho whole force of this most unjust attack was directed against tho Catho lic Bishops. Equally forcible and equally anti Secular arguments coming from Dr. Moorhouse and Bishop Barker wore scarcely noticed. ' Seed plots of future infidelity,' &o.;, was the grand point of attack. And after all, what is the plain mean ing of .this sentence ? Few will, I think, deny that the absence of religious teaching produces per se infidelity. If faith be not taught, will not the opposite tako possession of tho mind ? All ideas about God become so vague in tho absence of religious teaching, that the word infidelity is the only one descriptive of the state of a man so educated. It is true children may receive some religious training out of school, but this tells nothing against the fact that Public schools aro seed plots of future infidelity. If then of infidelity, who will deny of immorality ? I never yet knew an infidel a moral man. The morality of such men is generally circum scribed by no higher motive than considerations of a physical or social character. So, also, tho infidel, scoffing at tho notion of rewards or punishments in the next life, cares little for law or order, except in so far as ho is obliged to observe them for the preservation of his liberty or the safety of his possessions. Why then all this empty rant— this deplorable effort to de christianize this fair land ? The great German nation is an overwhelming proof of the evils of secular teaching. ' Germany, beware the day when your school men bear the Bway,' is a remarkable warning given to a nation whose secular teaching is now bearing fruit in the repeated attempts to murder one of the wisest and best of its emperors, and in the millions of its inhabitants who profess the lawless principles of Communism and Socialism. Nor aro the operations of these men confined to their own country. England in its Internationalists, and Russia in its Nihilists are feeling the fangs of this mighty serpent. The invincible Bismarck is quailing beforo the evil. The wise men of England know it ; hence the desire of the statesmen of these countries to aid the Catholic Church, and all other good men in tho work of giving a religious training to the rising genera tion. The day will undoubtedly come when the statesmen of this country too will sec the error of their ways, and when the sentence, ' Public schools are seed plots of future infidelity, im morality, and lawlessness,' will be remembered as an inspired warning rather than as an intended insult. A CATHOLIC. 