WAS IT A NIGHTMARE? A young English lady who is said to possoss remarkable intelligence and hereditary acu men, relates io Notes and Queries the follow ing strange . personal experienoe in an old Yorkshire mansion : — "What I am going to relate," sho Bays, "happened to myself while staying with some North-country cousins, last July, at their house in Yorkshire. I had spent a few days there in tbe'snmmer of the previous year but without then hearing or seeing anything out of the common. On my second visit, ar riving early in the afternoon, I went ont boating with some of the family, spent a very jolly evening, and finally went to bod — a little tired, perhaps, with tho day's work, bat not tbe least nervous. I slept soundly un- till between 3 and 4, just when the day was beginning to break. I bad been awake for a short time, .when suddenly the door, of my bedroom opened and shut again rather quickly. I fancied it might ho one of the servants, and called out, ' Come in.' After a short time the door opened again, but no ooe came in — at least, no one that I conid eee. Almost at the eomo time tbat the door opened for the second time. I was a littlo startled by tho rustling of some curtains belonging to a hanging ward robe, which stood by the side of the bed ; the rustling continued, and I was soized with a most uncomfortable feeling, not exactly of fright, but a strange unearthly sensation that I was not alone. I bad had that feeling for some minutes, when I saw at the foot of the bed a child, about seven or nine years old. The child Beamed as if it were on the bed, and camo gliding toward me as I lay. It was the figure of a littlo girl in her night ' dreEB— a littlo girl with dark hair and a very white face. I tried to speak to her, but could not. Sho came slowly on np to the top of tho bed, and I then saw her face clearly. Ste seemed in great trouble ; ber hands were clasped, and her eyes were turned up with a ook of entreaty — an an almost ngonizsd look. Then slowly uuclcspiugher hands, she touched moon the shoulder, The haud felt icy cold, UUU WLIUU A BlifHYt! hU rpUUK QUO Wil fJOUO. felt more frightened after the ohild was gone than before, and began to be very anxious for the time when the servant would make her ap pearance- Whether I slept again or uot I hardly know. Bnt by the time the Bervant did come I bad almost persuaded myself that the whole affair wob nothing but a very vivid nightmare. However, when I came down to breakfast, there were many remarks made about me not looking well ; it was observed that I was pale. In answer I told my cousins that I had had I most tivid nightmare, and I remarked, if I was a believer in ghosts, I should imagine a had seen one. Nothing more was said at the time upon this subject, except that my host, who wbb a doctor, observed that I had better not sleep in tbe room agaio, at anyrate not alone. "So the following night ono of my cousins elept in the same room with me. Neither of us eaw or heard any thing out of the way during that night or the early morning. That being the case, I persuaded myself that what I bud seen had been only imagination, and, much ngainst everybody's exprcEseffwish, I insisted the next night on sleeping in the room again, and alone. Accordingly, " having retirod again to tho same room, I wus kneeling down at tho bedside to Bay my prayers, when exactly tho some dread as befure came over me. The curtains of tbe wardrobe swayed about, and I had the same sensation as previously, that I was not alone. I felt too frightened to stir, when, luckily for me, ono of my cousins came iu for eomething which she had left. On looking at ma she exclaimed, ' Have you soon anythiny V I said ' No,' but told her bow I felt ; and, without much persuasion being ntctssnry, I left tho room with hsr, and nover returned to it, Whon my hostess learned what happened (as Bhe did immediately) she told me 1 must not sleep ia that room again as the nightmare had made such an impression on me. I should imagine, she said, all sorts of things, and make myself quite ill. I went to another room, and during the rest of my visit (a week) I was not troubled by any re-appear ance of the little girl. " On leaving, my conein, the eldest daughter of the doctor, went on a visit with me to tho bouse of an uncle of mine iu the same county. We Btoycd there for about a fortnight, and during that time the ' little girl' was alluded to only ns my ' nightmare.' " In this I afterwards found there was o little reticence, for, just before leaving my uncle'e, my cousin said to me : 'I must tell you something I have been longing to tell you ever Bince I left home. But my father desfred mo not to tell you, as, uot being very strong, you might bs too frghtened. Your nightmare was not a nightmare at all, hue tho apparition of a little girl.' She then wont on to tell me tbat this ' little girl' had been seen three times before, by threo different mombors of the family, hut ns this wa9 some nine or teu years since, they had almost ceased to think anything about it until I related my ex periences on the morning after tho first night of my second visit. " My cousin further went on to toll me that her younger eister, whilst in bed, had ono morning, about daylireak, to her great sur prise, feon a little girl with dark hair, stand ing with ber hack to her, looking out of tbo window. Sho took this figure for her littlo sitter, and spoke to it. The child not replying or moving from her position, sho called out to it: 'It's no uss standing like that. I kuow yout> you can't play tricks with mo.' On looking round, however, she bow that her little sister, tho oue . she thought Hhe was addressing, and who was slenpiug wilh her, had not moved from tho bed. Almost at the nafno time the ohild passed from the window into tho roam of her (my cousin's) sister A , and the latter, as she aftorwa ds deolared, distinctly saw the figure of a child with dark hair standiog by the sfdo of a tablo in her room, Sho spoko to it, and it instantly disappeared. Tho little girl ' was subsequently again seen, for the . last timo before I saw it, by my cousin's father, Dr H . It was in the early daylight of d suromor'e morning, and he was going up. stairs to his room, baring just returned from a professional visit. On this occasion ho saw tho same child (he noticed its dark hair) running up tho stairs immediately before bim, until It reached his room and entered it. When he got Into tho room it was gone. " Thus the apparition had been eeen threo times by the family, aud once by me. I am the only one, howevsr. that has scan its face. It has uIbo never becu sgcu fcwics in the samo room by any oqs else," 