THE UNREST OF PROLONGED ILLNESS. OR THE NIGHT THOUGHTS OF A CHERONIC INVALID. BT E. A. Satsos. Sombre and melancholy beyond compare. Have been the unsolaced passing hours, Since recumbent on my bed That fails to yield me ease or re-t, I heard the midnight chimes in rhythmic sequence toll; Yet soft refreshing sleep, woo it as I may, Still visits not mine eyes. Else draws anear to them so mockingly, That when my eyelids but begin to droop, Or ere my thoughts grow dim, beneath her soothing numbing touch, She treacherously flees away,. And leaves me the more longing, wearied and exhausted. Oh ! the drear, drear night ! How awful is its dumb suggestive stillness, to the sick and suffering ! Only those inured to the constant gloom of illness, And fully to their hapless lot resigned, Can know and feel its lonesomness intense, Only those whose sad and helpless fate it is, With never-ceasing pain to be familiar. Can note each varying phase the dragging hours undergo, 'Twixt twilight and the dawn's celestial conflagration. When, after many weary hours of expect ant watching, At the first appearance of the radiant beams, Of the life-giving, light- bestowing sun. Darting upwards into space from the dark horizon, The cold grey cheerless dawn is dissipated, And the sea and earth, and the fleecy, cloudy vastnesses of Heaven, Are bathed in;mellow, rosy-tinted hues. And nature joyfully proclaims to eye and heart, The advent of another day, In spirit I am lifted from my ever present sense of pain And humbled before these . awakening glorious wonders of the universe; I feel as though oar Heavenly Father's first creative flat. " LET THREE B5 LIGHT." Were spoke afresh, and that the world were born anew. Then for a while, forgetful of my long con tinued sufferings, I bend my head in prayer and silent adorao ti m; But anon my heart awakes to all my wretched helplessness, And I groan, and chafe, and pine, That I cannot walk abroad as other men And drink in deep draughts of fresh re viving air, Or stroll leisurely upon the sand and shell strewn beach. Bask in the bright and gleaming health restoring sunshine, And be invigoratedby the balmy breezes, Borne o'er the bosom of the mighty rest. less ocean; For I am sick, sick well nigh unto death, Am feeble as a weakly infant, And my limbs refuse to do their wonted service, So reclining on a pillowed, sleepless couch, I can but enjoy in very smallest measure God's precious gifts of light and air, Through the narrowed aperture of my open chambe' window. For many weary hours arethe rising of the Inn, While yet the earth is clothed With the semidarkness of the night_ As raised with cushions high myhead, I seek, but do not find, repose Upon my lonely conch, Through the casement of my cheerless room, I watch the brightly shining moon, That like luminous ghost Steals silently along its skyey path Shaded from my view at times By veiling clouds, now flecked, now feathery, Now black and massive, as are alpine mountains silver-tipped with glisten ing snow; And as the stars bloom thick and fast, Peeping in and out among the openings, In the under floating clouds, Peopling my solitary chamber With weird thoughts and dreamy lights and shapes, And while I listen to the swirl, and awash, and moaning of the sea As it beats upon the shore, I find fresh symbols, yet unread by men, of my slowly waning life And reach at other inner meanings, mystic and obscure, Far, oh! far beyond the world's dim bars. And the fantastic visions of my brain, Shift, and fade, and change. In complete and omen-laden silence, Ere among them all I can define and note one perfect ow'line. Still lying motionless I seize upon, and dream I almost compre hend The whisp'rings of the mysteries of night; Then. all my being thrills with an awe, name'e a, indescribable. And a great trembling comes upon me, As that of one, who walking in his sleep, Awakes and finds his erring steps Have led him on, he knows not whither, Then like such an one, I hardly dare to breathe or move, Lest among the shapes and shades, lMy too fertile fancy thus has conjured up, There lunrk some dread and fearful secret, Which should I unwittingly surprise My doom be sealed in woe for evermore. But, oh! too soon the fair, chaste, orb~d queen of night, Below the horizon sinks, The stars are paled and lost to view, Then a vast, unfathomable, immeasurable, gloomy darkness Engrosses all that from my casement can be seen . And the faint glimmering of the sick-room lamp On the table at my side, Makes of the outward darkness An Egyptian darkness, A darkness tangible, which stretching forth my hand I feel that I can clutch and grasp; And shuddering I close my eyes. That with the voluntary darkness I thus create I may haply shut out the too oppressive darkness Of the now moonless, starless, lightless night. Then with all my soul I listen, In solemn and in tremulous dismay And o'er the ocean coming from afar A low and murmuring sound is borne along, Whispering in softest accents to me That night herself in taking slumber Emits this breathing audible; Faint and dim but regular it comes, As 'twere Titanic pulses beating, Imperceptibly with rise and fall It swells and louder grows, Then as the murmuring nearer draws My own unresting heart can recognize The unresting ocean's heart In the throbs that fill the overwhelming darkness, With the sobbings and the sighings of a deep eternal sorrow, And with the pulses of a mighty power strong to conquer all, Except those deep absorbing griefs Which ever steep in gall the breast of man. And oppress the very heart of nature, Groaning still and travailing, Until that long-wished-for time arrive When God's promised peace shall reign an earth, And sin and pain and sorrow never more be known. Then as I lie in pensive commune with my surging thoughts, The briefness of my troubled life and all my puny pains Fade into nothingness beside the majesty of Heaven and Eternity, And as I listen still, my answering heart Takes note of the advancing of the waves, And of their backward, trailing rush; But no voice, save the whisper of the winds Responds to my continuous, urgent, fervent aspirations; Yet in it I do seem to hear the still small voice Of my never-absent, guardian angel, Who, hovering round about me, Is waiting to triumphantly convey my soul Into the compassionate, sympathetic bosom of Him Who fought and conquered nrara, That He might lead us into life And present us as His brothers To His and our Almighty Lord and Father. This night I live-this night I weep and suffer So millions on the earth this night Do live and weep and suffer just as I; And one by one we each of us Shall drop into our quiet graves. Then for us, we buried millions, There'll be an end of earthly life and suffer ing and unrequited toil And methinks the murmuring of the mighty ocean's waters And the breathing of the winds thrnugh the hours of the night Are the connecting links 'Twixt us and the holy mysteries of Heaven Betwixt the finite and the infinite. Still to the end of time Shall the breezes waft heavenward our woes, And the murmur of the waves shall be the echo of our plaints; So of sufferers like me countless genera tions, In the mystic sounds of wind and wave, may comfort take. And in meek submission bow the knee To those most bless2i, pregnant, hopeful words, ( God's will be done." [Inscribed with the writer's fond regards to his dear friend, Mis. L. Quick, of New Zealand.] The Esplanade, St. Xilds, May 9, 18s0. 