HALF A CENTURY AGO. (Continued from Saturday last.) BY JOHN NOTTAGE (Author of Dr. Longhurst's Mfistake; The Wreck of a Life, &c.;) CHAPTER X. — THE SPECTRE AT THE WINDOW " You must tell me of your mother, of your early home, Ethel; I want to know all about your people and yourself. Your face is so much like the face of one who was very dear to me, and your ways are so like his ways, that I cannot keep my eyes from looking at you, or my ears from listening, or my thoughts from the memory of the past. "Mother (you must let me call you mother)," said Ethel, as she laid her little hand upon the widow's, "I can tell you but little of my early days, except that they were days of sorrow. I have a dim recollection of a splendid home — of richly furnished rooms, of servants, carriage, and other appurtenances of wealth; but these all vanished and gave place to a poverty-stricken room, almost destitute of necessaries — a room in a dirty, dingy house in a street reeking with filth — where foul odours offended the nostrils and squalor and degradation offended the sight. There we lived — my poor mother sewing — sewing — sewing, until she grew thin and pale and wrinkled." "You do not remember your father?" asked Mrs Moore, when Ethel paused, and looked sadly into her face with eyes brimmed with tears at the painful recol- lection. "No, I do not recollect him — the most that I can say is that a dim impression re- mains of someone who used to run up- with me in his arms and throw sweetmeats into my lap; but I cannot recall his features." "And this deep suffering — this odious poverty — how long did it continue?" "Too long," said Ethel sadly. "And then there came a good angel, a rosy-faced, kind-hearted, smiling woman, who helped us without allowing my poor dear mother to believe that she did it — and then God sent us relief; relief that has never failed. I don't know to whom to impute it, but I receive it regularly, this allowance or income, or whatever you please to call it. When my mother died it was paid to me instead of her, and that is all I know about it. Our good, kind, old landlady, of course, knows who is my benefactor, but she declines to inform me." "Strange," observed Mrs Moore, "for it is rare to find benevolence so unosten- tatious. And what was your life at school ?" " Something awful, I assure you," re- plied Ethel, with comic gesture and gri- mace. "Our studies were enough to upset any ordinary intellect; and then we had instruction in the arts and sciences, deportment, and I really don't remember what besides. I was a wilful, intractable wild filly; and poor Mrs Darmstadt had a terrible task to make me commonly decent." Mrs Moore smiled. "I don't know what difficulties Mrs Darmstadt had to overcome, Ethel, but she has made you a very attractive and pleasing little woman." "I am glad to hear you say I am pleas- ing, mother ; though I am not willing to give Mrs Darmstadt credit for it." " Well, dear, go on. You were taken from school by Mrs Tremblay. Mrs Tremblay is your aunt by marriage to your mother's brother, is she not?" "Yes. But she is no longer Mrs Tremblay, but Mrs Mauvaine." "Yes, of course; and I must thank Mr Mauvaine for sending me you." "Do not mention that man's name; to me it is hateful," said Ethel, with sudden vehemence. "You do not like him?" "Like him! No, indeed! If I were to say the truth I should say I hate him." "I confess that I distrust him," obser- ved Mrs Moore, thoughtfully. " Yes, I should say there is no one could know him ever so slightly and not distrust him," replied Ethel; "but poor auntie could not see him in his true colours — he had helped her husband in some legal matters, and uncle Tremblay had thought a good deal of him, and he loved her, and so on. Poor auntie!" "He seems to have a great deal of influ- ence with his employer," observed Mrs Moore, "but I do not share Mr Hawkins's opinion of him. I suspect a man who is so silent, and smooth, and withal so clever: I hope he may be faithful to him; but I cannot help a doubt entering my mind." "I'll tell you what I think, Mrs Moore — the man who is clever in deceit for you will be equally clever in deceit against you." "Yes, Ethel. Mr Hawkins spoke of him as an invaluable servant, but it seems to me that there is danger in an unprin- cipled man, even though he may be more skilful, more talented, and more useful to an employer than a man of inferior ability. I confess that I would prefer the less valuable and safer ally." "I cannot understend why he should have selected auntie as an instrument in the furtherance of his designs," said Ethel, reverting to a subject which constantly occupied her mind. " Furtherance of his designs ? My dear what do you mean?" "I believe that he had some other mo- tive in marrying auntie besides the mere acquisition of her property. Auntie is a handsome woman still, clever and good; but Manvaine never chose her for her beauty, her wit, or her goodness. No, no — he has something more to obtain — something to which his marriage with her is but a stepping stone. I heard that when poor papa died, our property became the prey of those who Ilve by the misfor- tunes of their neighbours. Perhaps Mauvaine has some knowledge of this — perhaps uncle Tremblay knew more about our affairs than even poor mamma did; and as Mauvaine was very useful to, and according to auntie, a great friend of uncle Tremblay, he may have derived some knowledge from him. In some way auntie is necessary to him. I feel sure: though I am puzzled to know why he wanted me in the first place." "Wanted you?" exclaimed Mrs Moore, in amazement. "Oh, yes — made love to me most des- perately. I pointed out that he was old enough to be my father — that I admired his talents, but couldn't possibly love him. All in vain — he vowed and protested, and wound up with an awful picture of his hopeless, desperate future. But I was hard-hearted enough not to believe him; and a few weeks afterwards he mended his broken heart and healed his wounded spirit with auntie's love." "Well, dear, sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. If any evil is intended, greater is He that is for the innocent and the seemingly helpless, than he that is against them." "You believe then in the strength of truth and goodness." "Yes, Ethel: I have sometimes been tempted to doubt if evil did not have the best of this world's good, though that sounds paradoxical; but in the long run it is not so — at least I have not found it so. God silent, or seemingly silent — the devil triumphant, and poor humanity buffeted about until its little faith gives way and its last hope is extinguished — this is the spectacle that too often is presented to those who are not in the furnace of affliction themselves; and they begin to doubt — to question whether after all this life is anything but an inexplicable riddle; and whether it is not wiser to take the little good they can get, and dismiss all thoughts of the future from their minds. I know these have been my thoughts and doubts, but still I cling to my belief in an overruling Provi- dence, who, in His own good time would blast guilt and glorify innocence; and now, Ethel, now that the grey hairs and the dim eyes admonish me of being no longer young, nor even middle-aged, I can look back with satisfaction at the out- come of many hard and bitter trials; and if there are more in store for me I believe that I shall be able to meet them calmly, trustingly; because I have held, and God helping me, will hold fast my integrity. But enough of this sermonising. You will think me a very dreadful bore I fear; only it seemed to me that your mind was troubled by anxieties, and I wished to im- part a little of my own calm resignation — a little of my own solid hope." "Dear Mrs. Moore, you are, indeed, a mother to me. I am so glad that you have shown me your heart do quickly and unreservedly." And so saying, Ethel threw her arms around the widow's neck, and kissed her fondly. " From grave to gay — from severe to lively,' — that's slightly altering the author's words, but it suits my purpose, just now," said Ethel. "What say you to a tune, mother?" "Yes, play my dear — it does me good to hear you." Ethel sat down and played an old Border song, which seemed strangely suited to the dark wild night without — to the loneliness of Firwood — to the silence that pervaded the house — to the circum- stances of its inmates. The candles burned dimly — the fire burned down to a little heap of glowing cinders — the clock struck eleven. Mrs. Moore roused herself from a reverie — from a long earnest look into the now blackening ashes, and addressed Ethel. "My dear, you must have exhausted your voice, and worried your fingers; but I am so selfish that I think I could have listened on until the morning. Good night, Ethel." And Mrs. Moore rose as she spoke, and taking a candle, said to her companion — "We are forgetting the old adage, 'early to bed, and early to rise;' but there is your light, and may you sleep soundly." "Good night, mother," replied Ethel, and instead of following Mrs. Moore, she threw herself upon the sofa, first closing the door softly. "I am not sleepy — I could not close my eyes if my fortune depended upon my doing so," she thought as she arranged her drapery, and placed a cushion beneath her head. "I like to listen to the roaring of that wind through the firs — and how it moans and wails around this old house. I shall lie here and listen, and then, I sup- pose, fall asleep, and horrify my dear second mother, when she finds my room empty in the morning. But it is delicious to lie here and dream — dream of the bright future, and forget the dark past. " What light is that? The moon, surely — I love moonlight. Now, if those black clouds would but disperse, and allow her majesty to shine through the dark firwood — through those tall poplars — around this dear, queer old house — and into this cosiest of parlours, I verily be- lieve that I could compose a moonlight sonata. Very good, rude westerly breeze! Blow away those frowning clouds, will you? Ah! queen of the night, there you are again! ' There doth a sable cloud Hang forth her silver lining to the moon.' Really, the scene is becoming more beau- tiful every moment ! Those dark firs look like so many mutes, standing in front of some charnel house! And, I declare, I thought one of them moved — moved to- wards the house ! 'Twas but the wind, of course. Now the clouds are going fast — only a few stragglers glide between her majesty and Firwood — now all is clear, and her light streams into the room. What does the room look like by moon- light ? Let me see. That old cabinet looks black, and one might easily fancy that some awful form would presently come forth from the deep shadow it throws, and hold one spell- bound until it revealed a hideous coun- tenance that looked on one with eyes gleaming from deep, cavernous sockets ! Then the moonbeams fall upon the por- trait between the windows there, and it seems to be the picture of a livid face — a corpse! I wish someone were here to keep me company — I feel that I am fast becoming a coward — to acknowledge the truth I wish that I could reach my room without having to glide silently upstairs ! Who knows who or what I might meet ? Twelve o'clock! What is it Shakespeare says about sheeted ghosts? Oh that horrible old clock! There it goes— one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve!" Ethel turned her face from the room and glanced once more at the dark wood and the clear, cold, bright moon that sailed in the sky all but cloudless. Then she arose, and felt her way towards the door, her candle having burned out and left her in darkness. The window next to the door admitted a stream of moon- light, through the curtains not having been drawn to. The light fell upon Ethel's face as she turned for an instant towards it. Her hand was upon the han- dle of the lock — but the power to turn it was taken from her — her whole frame seemed suddenly to grow rigid — her heart seemed to cease to beat — she stood there motionless as a statue, with her dark eyes fixed in terror upon some object at the window! The figure of a man, bare- headed, and with a dark cloak shrouding his form was close to the window. He came up to it pressed his pallid face against the glass — and there remained, staring Ethel thought with eyes not of mortal brightness at her affrighted counten- ance. For a few seconds that seemed hours, he retained the same posture and continued to gaze at her. She felt her limbs yielding — strove to gain her self- possession — clutched desperately at the door-handle, and with a stifled shriek sank senseless to the floor! How long she remained there Ethel was unable to tell. When the morning came she had a confused recollection of feeling very cold and awakening — of going swiftly up to her room, and without un- dressing burying herself beneath the bed- clothes. The face reflected from her looking glass was very pallid, and her eyes were heavy, when with aching head she descended to the breakfast-room. Mrs Moore saw at a glance that something was wrong, and gently urged Ethel to tell her the cause of her evident illness. For some time Ethel skilfully fenced her questions, but Mrs Moore's persistent kindness at length induced her to tell the events of the night, subsequent to their parting. "It is very singular, dear; but doubt- less the spectre, as you call it, was the creation of your own excited imagination. We had been talking of the dead — of your poor father — and of the dear friend of my youth, over whom the grave has so long closed; and you, in the silence of the night, listening to the moaning winds, and looking out at the dark firs and shrubs, thought that one of them assumed a ghostly form, and came and looked upon you. Let it be a lesson to you. .................... to stop up until ......................................... alarm ha................................................... of her ro.................................................... smil...................................................... However satisfactory this explanation might seem to Mrs Moore, Ethel was completely upset by her moonlight ex- perience, and after an apology for a break- fast threw a light shawl over her head and left the house for a walk in the fresh, wholesome morning air. Some indefin- bale sensation induced her to keep away from the wood, and to walk in such a direction that the farmhouse was always in sight. The lane that led to the highroad was pleasantly sheltered from wind and sun by the high, and thick hedges on either side, but at this early hour she chose the open field on the southern slope of the acclivity. Across this the wind was blowing rather freshly, but contact with it seemed to relieve her aching temples. Having walked for about half an hour she retraced her steps, and as she re- entered the lane a dark object lying under the hedge caught her eye. She stooped and picked up a hat, a man's hat, which, scarcely knowing why, she carried to the farm house. Suddenly the thought darted into her mind— "The spectre was bare-headed !" Mrs Moore was waiting at the door for her. " The fresh air has chased the phantom, I can see," said Mrs Moore, with a cheer- ful laugh, echoed by Ethel, as she added, " Yes, but 'twas no phantom, 'twas a real, bodily presence. I told you the spectre was bare-headed, but I little thought to find his hat." " It is a very shabby hat," observed Mrs Moore, with such gravity, that Ethel laughed out- right. " You see, you ought to remember that he has been, perhaps, a long time in very doubtful company." " Ah! Ethel, we will not joke about such dismal things as graves and church- yards," said Mrs Moore, and then they re-entered the house, and the day was passed in the usual occupations. Ethel retired early, pleading a headache. Mrs Moore remained in the parlour plying her needle busily. She seemed suddenly to recollect that she had, as on the previous evening, forgotten to draw to the window- curtains, and for that purpose laid aside her work and approached the window. She was a woman of strong nerves, but a shiver ran through her,and her heart seemed for a moment to stand still as approaching from the outside came a cloaked figure, such as Ethel had described! The figure raised a warning finger, and then tapped at the window. Mrs Moore's eyes were rivetted on his countenance as the moonlight fell upon it, rendering its natu- ral pallor almost ghastly. Again he tapped, and whispered, "open the window, Anne!" The words acted with electric effect upon the widow. She placed her hand for a moment on the sill, and then silently opened the window. " Can you admit me without others knowing it, Anne?" "Yes — but who — who are you?" "You do not recognise me, Anne!" "You are not — you cannot be Way- nard." "Why not?" "Waynard has been dead — dead many years." "So you thought — it was better you should think so. Nevertheless, he is here, Anne; admit him will you — if you can do without observation. I have much to tell you, and much to learn." Slowly, as in a dream, Mrs Moore closed the win- dow, and walked to the outer door. Quietly as possible she undid the fasten- ings, and motioned the wanderer to enter. He did so — looking intently into Mrs Moore's face as he closed the door behind him. Silently the widow led the way into the parlour, and placed a chair by the fire for her untimely visitor. He looked haggard and deathly pale, but as the fire crackled and roared up the wide fireplace and lent a glow to his hollow cheeks, there was a faint resemblance to the face that was opposite to him — a slight likeness in the dark eyes that looked timorously around, as if fearing observa- tion, but which became at last fixed upon the countenance of the widow. (To be Continued.) 