iYEiro OF THE DA r. Tho Eastern crisis lias terminate) by the submission of thu Porte on the Montenegrin 1 question. The Sultan lias signed the iriuie 'decreeing the immediate and unconditional surrender of I7uI?iano, and irmtruetions have been given to the Turkish commander to hand over the town to Montenegro. Tile powers have accepted this proposal, nnu it is not likely that any ncti ve coercion will be applied to Turkey in "regard to the dispute over the Creek fron tier; more especially as the powers themselves do not appear to be perfectly in neccird on this point. Mr. Gludstoue and others of his col leagues, w ho have been detained iu liondou by thu ominous aspect of aftairs, have now gone toltho country on a wuU-enrned' holiday. Negotiations have been opened with the Porto on behalf of the Turkish bond-holders, and favorable terms have been oifered. Tho Kurds have committed terrible depredations in their mid on Persia. They have de stroyed 170 Persian village.', killed many of " the inhabitants, and carried olf numbers of women into slavery. In New- York, General Grant, the late President, has received a grand welcome. Over 30,000 people marched in procession, including many of - the old soldiers who served under him during the civil war. France has sent a Minister to Mexico,' thus re-establishing those friendly relations which have been interrupted since the fatal French expedition to tlmt country, of which the final result was the execution of the Emperor' Mnximilian. The Minister of Education, accompanied by- Mr. l.angridge and several members of Parlia ment, yesterday visited Morwell, for the purpose of opening a new State school. At a banquet held in the evening, Mr. W. Collurd Smith deHvered Mu interesting speech, in which lie vigorously criti cised the address delivered by the Bishop of Melbourne nt the Social Science Congress upon State education, and declared that the people of Victoria were determined to main tain that system in its integrity. The unanimity of Dr. Woorhouse and Sir .lohn O'Sliaiiassy was wonderful, but let those gentlemen nnd the representatives of other denomi nations agree together upon a ' scheme of Biblical instruction to he given in State schools, and he would not Be unwilling to con- uidorit. He believed thflt year by year the oppusitiou to the act would decrease, and that in the next generation we should find children of all denominations learning - in the State schools. ,. If tho state of business will admit, the Treasurer will make his financial statement on Tuesday next. It is very probable, however, tbat it will be postponed until tho following day, should such a course be dictated by con venience. The Minister of Railways yesterday, in replying to one of the numerous deputations which waited upon him to urge the ncccssity for railway extension, commented strongly on the enormous cost to which the State was put iu rc-purchasing innd for railway purposes. He mentioned an instance in which land lmil been purchased from the Crown nt £1 per acre, and the State had to pay at the rate of £500 per acre to buy it back. He would take good care while he was in office that such n thing did not happen again. In future, before the department decided npon construct ing a line, it would first arrange upon the price of the land. ! Railway fares for the holidays have been arranged. No Saturday return tickets will be iraucd at present. On tho 25th inst. the issue of holiday return tickets will he commenced at single fares. These will be available for a period cf thirty days. On the 1st December Christmas excursion tickets will commence to bo issued. These will be available also for thirty days. The occupation and deed branches, of the Bauds department now send in daily renorts of the progress made with the work in their branches, and they record : the fact that t-verv day the work is all cleared o£T up- to date ; aud this has been effected jn spite of the large redaction made in the staff. The return ball to tho Mayor rind Mis3 Meares takes place on the 25th inst., and satis- factory arrangements, are being made in con nection therewith. -The catering for the supper and refreshments has been entrusted to Messrs. Gunslbr nnd Co., while the music will he sup plied by Messrs. Allan and Co.'a premier bnnd of thirty performers. In order to ensure the completion of arrangements for the comfort and convenience of the guests, the execu tive c-ommittee are . desirous, of gentlemen , se curing their tickets as early as possible. The collections for the Hospital Saturday and Sundny fund will be mode tin's vearon the 23rd and 2-itb of the present montli. Active arrangements are being mndc to ensure results which will prove a substantial benefit to the charities. At the solicitation of the Mayor of Melbourne, the Bishop, Dr. Moorhouse, has consented to preach in the Town Hall on the afternoon of Hospital Sanday, when a full choral service will be rendered by tho choirs of All Saints' and St. John's Churches.'' Admis sion to tho service will bo by ticket, by which plnn overcrowding will be prevented. The educational department of the Mel bourne Social Science Congress held its second meeting yesterday, and at the afternoon | sitting devoted its attention to the subject of moral education. A paper which had been fonvnrdod by Miss Garrett, of Tasmania, was read, in which it was contended that tho toleration which forbade the naming of the name of God in State schools was really a tyranny, and that the moral training of mixed religious denominations was possiblo without offence to any. Mr. G. Bell submitted a paper, submitting that no plan of moral educnlion on a non-scriptural basis was feasible ; while Mr. II. K. Rusden, in nnotherjmper, held that as morals were hereditary rtswell ns form, there should be nn elimination of the worst .classes of tho community. Dr. M'Cnrtby maintained that a religious catechism should be used iu oor State schools. Iu the evening the matter for consideration was the method of teaching the classics. Sir. Holland, M.A., held that -tlie - great defect iu. the present systuin of teaching was that .Latin or Greek words were hot/associated by the pupils with the words or ideas thev expressed : while Mr. A. Sutherland insisted that tho ancient lan guages should, not be forced upon pupils who were not intended for professions in which they would require to be used. A debate took pliice ou the paper, nnd was ad journed until next Tuesday week. The annunl sermon in connection with the Congregational Union and Mission was preached last night, in tho Collin3-street Inde pendent Church, by the Rev. Samuel Heb- uiteh, before n large audience. The rev. gcntlc-man elioso for bis ' text tho First Epistle to St. John v., 10 : " He that belie veth in the Son of Clod bath the witness ill himself ; ho that b.-lieveth not God hath made Him a liar, because ho he- licvctli not the record that God gave His son. He delivered an . eloquent discourse, in which lie regretfully alluded ' to the scepti cism of the age. I-Ie pointed out that there were many great truths that car ried with them the evidence of their verity. We needed no record to tell ub that God Had placed the sun in our system, for evi dence of tho fact, -and the fact went together. So too tlie great Jyuths of religion were re vealed to us by " the record that God gave his Son," nnd ns we were not left without a wit ness we were left without excuse. During thu delivery of 'the sermon Mr. Hebditch read .verges six aud eight of the chapter from which he had quoted his text. "You will observe," bo said, " that I have omitted verse seven. You. will hardly bo. startled at -my doing so, for it is now generally acknow ledged that it is spurious." The .words of tho seventh verse are: "For' there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word aud tho Holy Ghost, mid these three arc one." The fact, thus men tioned, bud long been known to scholars, but at tlie present time tbc Brit'sh and Foreign Bible Society print nnd publish the verso without note or comment, and it goes forth to the unlettered public as part of a divinely - in spired work. . The Bishop of Melbourne delivered the second of bis series of lectures, at St. Paul's Church yesterday, ou the Spiritual Life Among the Israelites at the Time of the Judges. There was a very large congregation. The aspect of . the question to which he addressed lurnslf on this occuaion was the relation of tho natives engaged in the conflict during the period em braced in the Book of Judges. He described tlie various waves of migration tbat swept over Palestine, pointing out that uinohgst the Israelites alone had been preserved the great truth of monotheism. The origin of this grand doctrine he attributed to a special reve lation from God. . . ' A meeting of civil servants who had been lately dispensed with was held yesterday at Oliver's cati ; Mr. G. A. Walstub in the chnir. There were thirty gentlemen present. The object of the meeting was to consider whether application should not be made to the Govern ment to give those no longer required in tho service three months' leave oi absence on full pay, and to consider whether a deputation should be appointed to wait ou tlie Chief Sec retary to mate that request. In tho discus sion which tool: place it appeared that thoso present lmd been dismissed wit a month's leave oi absence, and it was thought that they were as much entitled to three mouths' leave of absence on full pay as tlie officials drawing high salaries, whose services hud been dispensed with. One speaker pointed out that it would tako luord than three months, auu perhaps six or nine, before they could get employment ; in his en deavors to obtain employment there was one situation lie went after for which there were 250 applicants. Mr. Cummings moved, and Mr. HowiLt seconded, "That a deputation should wait on the Chief f-seretary to request thut throe mouths' leave of absence on full pay be granted, tho same not to interfere with compensation, that is to say, that they be treated in the same manner as the ease of Mr. Tyler, of the Customs, had been dealt with." The resolution was agreed to. Mr. Howitz moved, and Mr. Taylor seconded, " That a deputation, consisting of Messrs. Wnlstab, Cuinmings, Howitz, Munro, Mnssey, Scott anil Cumberland, wait upon the Chief Secre tary." The resolution was agreed to, and it was arranged to have a letter sent to the Chief Secretary asking him to name a day on which to receive the deputation. It is intended to place Edward Kelly on his trial on the charge of murder at the sittings of the Central Criminal Court ou Monday next. His Honor Mr. J astice Barry will hear the trial. A cabman named Alexander M'Gregor sued a fellow cabman named John Delany, in the County Court yesterday, to recover the Bum of £14 9s. fld., alleged to have been entrusted to the latter for safe keeping. Both parties resided in Hotbam, and the case for the plain tiff was that on the night of 12th July he was drinking in' a public-house iu Boufke-street, and handed to the defendant a purse contain ing the amount mentioned to take care of. Subsequently, when lie asked for the return of the money, the defendant said that it had been given back to him. For the defence it was alleged that the money was actually re turned by Dclnny on the night it was en trusted to him. His Honor Judge Cope, how ever, did not consider the evidence in support of tills assertion sufficiently strong, and there fore gave a verdict to the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. The hearing of the charge of conspiracy against John De Silvn, Albert Merritt and John Eceles, in regard to a diamond ring from "Walsh Bros., by false pretences, was continued at the Police Court yesterday. Evidence was given by detective O'Callagiinn, who de posed to having been informed by De Silvu of the fact that Eceles, who was secretary to Tattersalls, told liim (De Silva) that lie was abort in liis accounts, ' and that some persons proposed the suggestion of ob taining tlie ring to raise the re quired fmids. This statement be repeated to Eccles iu the presence of De Silva, nnd asked liim what he had to sny in regard to the matter, when lie replied that he was acting under advice 'and would- say nothing. When he (Detective O'Cnllnglmn)-' .went to arrest Merritt, at Brunswick, he heard him tell his wife to reply thkf lie was not in. Some'lefters from Eeeies's brother in Sydney were sought to be put in as evidence, But counsel for the defence objected and they' were not allowed. Sir Bryan O'Loghlcn, on belialf of Eceles, maintained that there was no evidence against his client, actually or constructively, that he bad anything to clo with the riligs, and asked tlie bench to dismiss him bc-fore hearing, the defence of counsel for the other prisoners. The hunch, however, declined to do so; and Mr. Pur. cs proceeded with his defence. He also urged that thero was no evidence of a criminal character against his client, and said, in reference to the pawning of tlie ring, thnt Merritt was justified in doing so, as he bad a lien on the article. Mr, Kane followed in a similar strain, anil at the conclusion tlie bench committed the three prisoners to take their trial at the ensuing Central Criminal Court. During the hearing of a case in 111? City Police Court yesterday, in which a charge of larceny of a coat nnd feather wr.s brought against a woman, ' named Ada Maitiaud, "an example- of the manner in which some hotels in the city are conducted was made. From the evidence it appeared that a girl named Maria Flaherty bad taken a room in too Rose of Melbourne Hotel, Bourke-street cast, which - she afterwords gave up to the prisoner, who wanted it for immoral purposes. The ulster " and feather were left in the room, and the pri- " toner wns alleged to have stolen them. Tho ibench sent her to gaol for fourteen davs, and in passing sentence drew the attention 'of the police to tbe fnet of rooms being allowed to be let in a publicliouse for immoral purposes, and requested the sub-inspector, Mr. Larner, to'take immediate cognisance of the matter. Detective Wilson, of the Railway depart- ment, arrested yesterday Sarah Ann Brophy Jeremiah Brophy, her son, aged 23, and Wm. Woodward, a lad of 16 years of age, on a charge of stealing two bales of old rope, some lashing, and a wheelbarrow from the railway sheds. The goods were found in an outhouse of Brophy 's house behind the gasworks reserve in West Melbourne. When they were arrested, they denied all knowledge of the affair. An old'man, whose name Is at i>re3ent un known, threw himself into the Yarra yester day afternoon aboTe Edwards's boatshed. Mr. Edwnrds, npc'ompanied'v-yxteu constable on the bridge, immediately repnirt to the spot, and succeeded in recovering the bodv, but found tbat life was extinct. The deceased has every oppenrance of a vagrant. The body was re- moved to the morgue, where it awaits on in quest. The following casualties were admitted to the hospital yesterday, viz.:— George Carstairs 3S years of age, living at Footscray, suffering from an injury to his head occasioned dy a fail off the Leura into Dulse's Dock. Thm. M'Kc-un, aged 30, residing at Curran-street" Hothain, suffering from an injury to the chest' caused by getting jammed between two lorries. A notification appears in last night's Pdin GaziUc of the desertion of sixteen seamen from H.M.S. Wolverene, nnd rewards varying in sums from AT to A3 are offered for information wliieh will lend to their uirest. -,'IOctective- Dream; itf t .yosterdav.by the, ifcitv of ' Melbourne fur --Sydney fur tlie purpose of taking charge of William Barnes, the 'Govern ment Houv t- robber, from the hands of 'the New South Wales.detcetiVe force. - ; AtTilpecfal mdeting of the Coburo shire council held last evening, Messrs. Ritchie and Milligan were appointed valuator.; for the shire. Mr. Ritchie resigned his seat at tho council a short time a£6." ' ' ' i - The scheme for tho establishment of n Metropolitan Board of 'Works does not' meet With the approval of-some of the suburban municipalities. A conference is to ho held at the shire hall, Pretiion, on Monday, the 25th October, at five .p.m., to tube into con- iiidorution the best means of opposing the proposal. . By the s.s. Hingarooma Ve "nre iu receipt of New Zealand (He? to the 7th October — Thti natives look upon tbe. sentence .of imprison mcnt paused ut New Plymouth upon the fifty, niue Maori prisoners ns" very liursh, nnd th have commenced to show a spirit .of discontent towards TcWhitf aud Tobu for permitting juch treatment of their followers. . In order to counteract this spirit of . disaffection, Tohu has given Oout that he has performed several miraculous cures. He claims to have restored sight to- a blind man, and to have performed other- marvels. It is re ported that a Maori prophet named Pnora lietu, is engaged stirring up - the Te Ore Ore natives, a large body of- - whom are- no1® assembled there. He predicts a' second delugfi, iii which the Europeans will' be' the victim, and the Maoris reicued by the gods. At a large and important Maori meeting, held at Tolago Bay, to celebrate the opening of "a large covered house, in honor of the deceased chief Te Kurie, a Tnkorau, come important statement? were made in favor of peace. ' The monthly meeting of tho council of Trinity College was held on Friday last, at the diocesan registry, William-street. It was re solved that tho examination 'for the Bro:nby prize for 1SS1 should be held on the 2/th ana 28th July next ? that the" Rev. Dr. Biomby, Cauon Handheld nnd the Kev. J. Carlisle of Kaglehawk, should be Appointed examiners, aud that the following should be the subject of examination : — The first six chapters of Gene sis in the original Hebrew, Geieuius' Hebrew grammar Tregelle?' edition) to the end of con j ligations of verba, and Perowne's introduction to the psalms It was further resolved, on the motion of Mr. "SYurrington Kogere, that the next examination for the Perry scholarship and for theological scholarships take place on the 7th March, 1S81, and threo following days, and that tlie following he ap pointed examiners Divinity, Cauon Hand- tield ; cluseics, Mr. Lc-eper ; mathematics, Mr. T. Hnrb'n ; history, Mr. iE. E. 'Morris,; logic and mental science, Mr. Hackett; na tural science, Professor M'Coy. It was fur ther resolyed that in the event of any altera tion being made by Parliamern the conatitu tion of the Melbourne Univeraii/, it was desira ble that the position of the affiliated college?,) an integral part of the University, should bo properly recognised by granting. their govern ing bodie3 a fair proportion of representation on; the council. A committee was appointed, consisting of Canon Handfield, Mr. J. 17. Rogers, Mr. E. E. Morris and Mr. Alex. Leeper, to confer with the council of the Or- iuund College, with the »view of petitioning Parliuinent on the subject, on behalf of both colleges. Mr. E. D. Davles, tlie ventriloquist, has formed a travelling company, which will leave on Saturday on an overland tour through New South Wales, playing first in tbe North- Eastern district. Mr. Haselumyer, the well known conjuror, and Madame H&selmayer; will perform at fAlbury on Friday and Saturday next, and will Afterwards travel through the North-eastern district. The Williamstown Amateur Dramatic Club, which has been recently organised at consider able expense, mnde its first appearance 5at the local mechanics' institute on Tuesday evening, Two pieces, Old Phil's Birthday and the Spectre Bridegroom, were mounted and played iu a most creditable manner. There wa? a large audience, and the performance was a pro nounced success. Arrangement? having been made with the Exhibition commissioners for the appearance of the Austrian Band on Friday next, the con cert announced to take place at the Flemin- ton lawn on Saturday has been Indefinitely postponed. An orchestral performance will however bo given in the Town Hall on Satur day evening, the programme of which appear in our advertising columns. We hare received a pamphlet, Tho Conne: tion Between Medical Reform and Spiritualism, by W. Hitvhiuan ; and A Rejected Essay ca Truth, by " Excelsior.' The City Organist will play tbe following selec tion on the grand organ this afternoon, ut four o'clock : — Overture, Esther, Handel : gavotte, A la Maintenon, Uibsone ; fugue on St. Anoe's tunes, Bach ; march, the Melbourne Exhibition, Rev. Dr. Torrance ; Anand : chorus. Calvary, Sphor ; fantasia, Flags of tbe Nation?, ending with the national anthem cf England, arranged by David Lee. The annual c onwrsauone tea in connection with tbe Congregational Union and Mission of Victoriu will be held this evening in the Collins Btroet Independent Church lecture hall at hah- past six, und a public meeting in the church at half-past seven. Mr. William Higgins, of Gee- long, will preside, and addresses will be de livcred by tbe Rev. Samuel Hebditch ami other ministers. Selections of music will be sung by the choir.- . . - 