THE LONDON PEESS 'AND THE \- ELECTIONS. (Spectator, April-10.) Of all the absurdities uttered during thoao elections, perhapB tho moBt grotesque, not ex cluding those of Mr. Cross, is ono reported in a speeoh of Lord Georgo Hamilton, during his canvas of Middlesex. Lord Goorgo, who, it should not bo forgotten, has done Liberals the crcat service of bringing Mr. Herbert Glad stono to tho front, with much of tho Irish 'go' in him, has a good deal of the IriBh recklessness, and ho actually declared that he had expected tho defeat of tho Ministry be cause it had been so grossly misrepresented. If there was one thing about tho career of the Beaconsfield MiuioSry moro noteworthy than another, it was its comparative exemp tion from attacis by publicists, aud even from caustic criticism. Journalism and Toryism aro seldom allied, the party being naturally inarticulate ; but for this occasion, the immense majority of the London nownpupeis cither agreed with the Ministry, or had been secured to its support. Out of tho wholo daily Press, the Liberals had till latoly ono morning paper, the Daily News, and that, though staunch to the bono as rogurds poliny, was not equally certain as regarded men, showing a certain impatienco of Mr. Gladstono ; nud one evening paper, the little Echo, which its heavier rivals, very foolishly, as the event showed, rather despised. The Tories had the Times, tho Tost, tho Advertiser, the Standard, tho Telegraph, the Pall Stall Gazette, the Globe, and tho Evening Standard. The Times wrote up tho Tory policy, not with vigour, indeed — for vigour haa temporarily disappeared from tho great journal — but with a resoluto pertin acity whioh showed a conviotion that the Tory was the winning side. It spared no effort to ridicule Mr. Gladstone, as the framer of an indictment which the country disowned, and which was impossible in itself, inasmuch ns the country could not bo wrong ; and as a long winded orator, who took up o great deal too much of its own space for reporting speeches. It declared hiB autumn campaign, which woke up all Scotland, a Bimplo failure, and his rival's polioy an enduring settlement of European affairs. Every now and then, no doubt, an article appeared in which the Ministry was urged to be jautious, especially in Central Asia— and these aro now being quoted daily as proofs that the Times foresaw what it never anticipated in tho least; but it hailed the Afghan victories with rapture, and just before poor Louis Cavagnari was murdered declared that Lord Beaconsfield'a successful policy had ' turned India into'an island.' So completely did the 'Ti-nes give itself to the Tory side, that it was regarded by Liberals ns a bitter foe, and an attempt, very unusual in its history, was mado by the Liberals of Berkshire to punish the proprietor for the paper's tergiversation. If it misrepresented anybody it was the Liberals, whom it accuse 1 day by day of faction and in difference to the Empiro ; while so certain was it of thiir defeat, that it pointed out with unc tion the dangers that might arise from a too overwhelming majority for Lord Beacqnefiold. If he were attacked too openly, the country might make him dictator. The Advertiser and the Post, though of course leas influential, were equally decided, the former as the organ of the publicans, aud the latter of the would-be fash ionable world,— the world which thinks Tory ism gentlemanly, and is ignorant that half tho great 'overning families, the BuBsells, Gros venors, Gowers. Cavendishes, . EitzWilliame, Campbells, Stanleys, Thynnes, and so on, are on the Liberal side. The great penny papeu followed and exBg geratod the great threepenny 0ue_. With a contempt a'- once for decorum and lor political principle almost unparalleled in modern literature, tho Daily Telegraph, . after making. Mr. Gladstone ridiculous by daily hymns of servile praiao .and a moro than Oriental adulation, declared that his Government had_ neglected the Empire, that his party waB a faction, and that ho himself was nothing but a windy rhetorician, false to all that made the true greatness of the country. Day after day it poured out insult ou Mr. Glad stone and praise upon Lord Beaconsfield, exulted in every invented Buccess and misre presented every Liberal argument, until even Tories turned from it with loathing to.the one independent paper on their sido. It waB not thn lnnst of tli'o overwhelming advantages the Tory party possessed in the Press that, tho! Standard, the paper of greatest force and circu lation on their side, remained with ita head un turned by windy Jingoism, and while steadily supporting ita party aa a whole, abstained from vilo language against IXr. Gludstone,' sternly rebuking, for example', the attack upon hia houBe aa Revolutionary and not a Conservative precedent, disdained to pay worship to Lord Beaoonsfield,! except as the necessary man of the party, and on sevoral occasions when prin ciple was at stake openly broke loose. London will not soon forget that the first note of resistance' to that monBtrous Water Bill, which made so many fortunes at the cost of such discredit, came from the Standard, which, with the fate of its Ministry at stake, still boldly declared that the ratepayers of the me tropolis should not be plundered, i he journal was honest all through, but still it was Conser vative; aud its honesty, like its rivala' unscru puloiisnesi, all helped to sv/ell the torrent of . Tory aentiment, which, again, found educated expression in the Pall Mall Gazette, whose steady outpour of vitriol, directed day after day on Russia and Mr. Gladstone, was the delight of the frivolous world, which loveB nothing bo much as to see; its hatreds covered with a veil of reasoning, and which .had in the Pall Mall Oazetti the special luxury of seeing its own contempt for political morality frankly and ably defended. The London Press, in fact, as a body, was heartily with the Tories, and no thing in tbo whole contest is more noteworthy Shan the revelation of its powerlessness. It has bad no general effccS upon the election! what ever. ?'The influence of the- oountiy newa papora, which Mr. Gladatone waa the firat to perceive, and waa ridfeuled for perceiving, out weighs it in the returnu to Parliament — that is, in the ultimate government of the country — tenfold. The Times, we suppose, helpB to away tho majority inthejlome Counties, whore the villa folk are still convinced that ConBurvatism ia tho ' gentlemanly interest,' and knowing nothing ol politics, are greatly impressed by the journal which uted to know bo much1';- but the Telegraph appeals to the masses, nnd by. appeal ing evidently helps to alienate them. When it supported Jlr. Gladstone as tho ' diviile Wil liam,' whoso birthday ought to be kept aa' the English St. Patriot's Day, he fell ; and when it adulated Lard Beaconsfield us a, far seeing und patriotic statesman,, he fell, too. Of the twenty-two members for Lori don, where thq Telegraph selle in tons, 1'4 are for Mr. Gladstone, aud'of the -voters, 125,000 to 104,000. The mass voteof London iB for the Liberals! ' To judge by history, the worst'.omen of tlie elections for' the Liberal party ? is[ that already in the columua'ofthe Telegraph thewiudy ?'' rhetorician'' '? has again become 'that ''eloqueut popular leader,' and will' Shortly develop into that ' grandly: .w^se arid oloquontJProphet of the People' Misrepre sentation ! Tlio Liberal party has been mis represented by the London PreBS, morning and eveuingt dnyj aftorVday.in ' countless '.leaders; through Uix weary years of braggart f olljytill tWhigS (lave become Liberals iu disgust^and and Liberals ;Bndical8 in very rage,, tilli.overy.; difference has been forgotten in .bittorneaa of. ? resentment, and till the true DsinoB,' the body .of tho voters, often so indifferent, has risen up to declare that the party which can tolerate such organs 'shall not rule. We owe thousinde, perhaps; scores of thousands, of votes' to the rancoruue abuse which the London Press' Has poured in showers upon Mr. Gladstone, only to be compelled, as the Times was on Saturday, to point to, him as the victor, and the only possible Premier under the Constitution. And Lord lieuconalk-ld has ..apparently not gained a borough through that sputtering of praise, which, to do him justice,- he must have re garded with such sardonic contempt, aud whinh verv often tonk tho foulish form of affected rago at allusions to a descent of whioh Lord Beuuonisfi«ld haa through life, in Benson and out of season, in his books aud ou the hustings, beon consisttutly and honourably proud. How he must havo Broiled at ' anub nosed Saxons' defending hiin from the 'insult' of belongiujt to a race the typical mau of which, aa he himBolf said, is worshipped by one-half of Europe, while the other half worships the typical woman. He first wrote 'Tanored,' and then acted it, and then hie uowapiinoro lifted up their hands at all who called him Oriental ! Adulation so Billy oonld not aocure votes, and wo begin to doubt whether anything tho Press saya does, whether popular power aa well as roal power is not in this country mono polised by the politioian to tho excluaion of tho journalist. Ono speech from Lord Hartington, who is hardly an orator, has outweighed iu tho oleotions reams of leadors. Thot/ghti'ulnbss Rewarded. — The local agonts of IV13 Morcantilo and New Zoaland Iu suranco Companies have, we are informed, pre sented a sewing machine to Ellen Brooki, a girl in the employ of Mr. J. H. Adams, for her promptitude on discovering the rocent fire in Arthur-street, fortitudo Valley, on giving tho alarm to the neighbours. This fire, it will 1 a remembered, occurred in Mr. Patrick Spelman's dwelling house, and was extinguished before much damage waa done. Thb muoh abuBed Land Aot of 1868 would como in for a little more consideration if people could^go and see for themselves what very un promising country it has been the means of getting taken up. Thoy need not go far for proof. There are miles and miles of country in tho Logan district which would havo beon innocent of fences and occupation to tho pre sent d»y, had it not boon for the five shilling clause of thu 1868 Aot. As it ia great tracts of land, where tho herbage is scanty and the soil Bandy, are now fenood in and occupied, and suDDort a fair lot of stook, and thena landB aro not in the hands of a 'bloated squattocraoy.' — ' Town Talk.' ' BonBinAV,' in The ffeek, writes :— ? The Premier has returned safo again to Bri ? bane, and a great weight has been taken off tho mind of Palmer and Buzacott. Tho fact is that this wedding of his tour was getting to- be so protracted that hie colleagues here began to get fidgotty. Not that there is tho slightest danger of the Opposition ousting them from office ; but such unconscionable delay of the public business for private business and pleasure gives occasion to the enemy to blas pheme—and that is not pleasant. ffot,-mind you, that I wish to insinuate for one moment that Mr. M'llwraith haB been frittering tho whole of his holiday-time away in personal pleasure and private business. Oh, dear no ! ?Ho' is too much of a politician for. that. It will be seen when the Houeo meeta, by those who do not see it now, that all the time of his absence ho has been directly and indiroctly studying thn interests of hiB pariy and class, and contriving means to bind them together and to him in bands of triple steel. That is why there is no ghost of a ctmnco of the Liberals ousting the Ministry this suasion. The squattera must stick to him like grim death to a dead nigger. All their interests and privileges, present and prospective, depend upon his retaining offico and carrying into effect the schemes he has initiated while away. There is tho extension of tho three trunk lines of rail way for the sole benefit of the western squatters at the expense of the non-pastoral public, with out jeopardising in the slightest degree the tenure of those wcBtern runs or increasing the rents. There is the £65,000 per annum sub sidy for seven years to a lineof steameja chiefly to carry thoir frozen meat to EnglanrJ; beou,uBe everybody is aware that as a mall service it is utterly worthless to nine- tentha of the popula tion of the colony, and will nqt be used by one fourth of them, for the Binjple reason that they will be able to send and receive lettera in much less time and with more certainty by otherroutea; and for encouraging a direct import trade they will bo worthless, bocauae our izniyjtters can get thok. goods much oheajper, and 'with more certainty, by the Orient steamers to Sydney or Melbourne, and by coasting steamers for the rest of the distance. But, to develop the frozen meat trade, whioh cannot benefit any. body but the big squatters, this lino of Bteamers will be admirable! And then, there is that magnificent enterprise of a transcontinental railway to tho Gulf of Carpentaria, on the land grant system, whioh will practically hand over in feo.simple for ever tho whole of a broad belt of country on each sido of the railway through the centre of the colony, nt a price so low that it can be retained aa pastoral country for generation to come, and settle ment 09 BtRved off in the most effeotual manner. This, if it can only bo carried into effect, will be the crowning glory of M'llwraith, as it will ' securt ' tho . permanent ascendency of tho squatter in this colony on the ftrineet possible busia. Of. course, it inust be carried into effect. nov. that the squatting party in the House aro strong enough to doit, and these are the reasons why the Premier's party are so well-eatitfled with hiBitrip to'Eng land and 'America. Still, it ia just as well that he haB returned to atop tne mouths of altfa bilious ' Libs.,' who cau buzz and sling if they cannot do anything worse. 