? ci.'.' i'if ' oxleyT (from our own correspondent. ) - March'13. The ltight Rev. Dr Moorhouse, Anglican Bishop of Melbourne, accompanied by tli6 VerierableArchdeaconTuckor, and assisted by the Rev. Mr lvirk, held a service at St. Paul's Church, Oxley. on Sunday, the 34th inst. For some month or so, preparation for confirming the youth of both sexes has uxztzu. &l;«<iujj.y purtjutiu il) a>jll ivu'kj uija. the result was, that some thirty-two youths were ready to take upon themselves the responsibilities of Christian .vomanhood and manhood. The services were con ducted by the Archdeacon and Mr Kirk, and after the opening of ihe confirmation service had been read by the Archdeacon, the Bishop came forward, and 111 a brief, eloquent and lucid address, suited to his hearers, impressed upon their minds, the duties and responsibilities they were about to take upon themselves. He pointed out that in older times as now, men had asked what benefit could result from infant baptism, when the baptised were incapable of knowing ought of the benefits conferred by the right of baptism. Dr Moorhouse then showed that the love of God was such that long ere the children were born, he manifested liis fatherly love, and at their entrance into the world, and throughout their infancy, that infinite love was still abundantly shown forth and surrounded them with an atmosphere of love. He trusted that the instruction which they had reoeived, had prepared tliem to take upon themselves the responsibilities affirmed for them in their baptism by their godfathers and -godmothers. After the bishop's exhortation, he, in words of the Book of Common Prayer, asked those aoout to DC continued if tliev were prepared to ratify the affirmation made in their behalf by their opinions. After the usual response and prayers and the laving on of hands, the bishop gave a further address to those whom he had confirmed. I took no notes of the zealous bishoji's ad dress, and my memory fails to enable me to gain even a very meagre precis of it, but _ some passages I am enabled to retain, and as your paper is circulated widely amongst the families whose children were confirmed, I deem it advisable to endeavor to preserve a record, however faint, of the able exhortation which Dr Moorhouse gave to his hearers, and some of the arguments which were in common use to prove the truth of the Christian belief. The bishop separated the false arguments and analogies from the true, and left an impression, which I trust may be a lasting one, on the minds of his hearers of his own serious belief in the fact 011 which are established the Christian faith. Dr Moorhouse, spoke of the Apostle's Creed, as one of unknown antiquity. We knew not who were its authors, but we did know that it came down to us from the Apostolic times, and was therefore called fTlft A TVlc+.lri'c "PTrv +» a _A I. . JJ.C CiACAl iCJJUiUUU cue the second clause in that creed : ' And in Jesus Christ His only Son our Lord : Who was conceived by the Holy Ghost : Born of the Virgin Mary: Sufficed under Pontius Pilate : W:is crucified, dead and buried : He decended into hell : the third day he rose again from the dead : He ascen- dediutoheaven, and sitteth 011 the right hand of God the Father Almighty : From thence he shall come to judge the quick and the dead." Here, said Dr Moorhouse, is a ife of Jesus, but the whole of the acts and preachings of Jesus are omitted ! There must have been a reason for t his omission. 3t was this: Thai upon the truths thus enunciated rested the Christian faith. His miraculous birth of a Virgin was proof of the Incarnation. His death of the Atonement, ami His Resurrection the proof of our own resurrection. If we were met suddenly with the question. Why did we believe in the Resurrection ' how would we answer that question ? Many in the past and many in the present day, have replied, "that the analogy 0f nature points to it : we see the trees die at the approach of winter, and revive a-ain when the spring, sun and showers ni-paai-n the earth for its sustenance." This is not a true analogy, for the trees do not die ; the sap but descends, and the leaves fall' leaving but the trunks and branches to brave the wintry seasons ; but the trees die not, they have only slept or hibernated during the winter seasons : ;uid when the warm sun of spring, and genial and refreshing showers fall around them, the " sap rise again in the trunks and branches, and burst forth in verdure. The butterfly changing from its chrysalis form and floating forth into the atmosphere as a thing of beauty and joy, was also brought forward as an iirgument, sometimes used rxf D.. "(T ita a, vi mv AwiuicuiiiUii. ur IVIOOF- house proved that these were not true analogies, for they died not- ; but man when placed in the sepulchre was dead, and his body moulded into the surround ing soil. Others, when giving reasons for their belief in the resurrection, stated with more force the argument " that there was throughout the '-.uman family, from the earliest to the present days, no matter what were the surrounding stages of civilization in which man was placed, a universal concensus of belief in a life hereafter." The northern Indian believed in his happy hunting grounds. Other nations had various views as to the state of being in the future, but all believed in that future. Surely God the Father would not have implanted such a univer sality of belief in the minds of men only to mock them ! This is a legitimate argument, but it is not the one convincing on which true Christians found their belief. When I was a young man the epistles attributed to Paul, were said not to have been written by him ; now with all the present light thrown upon the subject by Biblical criticism, there is not a sceptic of any name or authority in Germany, France, England or America, but acknowledges the authenticity of these epistles. Here then we have the testimony of one who himself saw Jesus after His resurrection. That great living and vitalising fact has also been verified by the Apostles, who themselves saw Jesus after, as well as before, His resurrection, and believed. These facts are as easy of authentication now as in the apostolic days. These are facts upon which the true Christian's faith in the resurrection is founded, and they cannot be shaken nor controverted. The Bishop then spoke of the Lord's Supper. Jesus had commanded we should partake of the bread and wine in remembrance of TTim. This command was one, that should be obeyed as fully as any other command ment. Some refrained from partaking of this Sacrament, stating that they were not fit-. All men who truly repented were fit. Christ came not to bring the righteous, but sinners, to repentance. "Who required the physician — the sickly and weak, or those who believed them- . 1 __ j__ 1 - j 1 hi. 0 selves to ut: iu guuu xie«uui s xu wnom would we give bread and drink — to those who hungered and a-thirst, or to "those who were full ? All were fit to come and partake of the Lord;s Supper, except the spiritually proud ; their religious pride unfitted them. So also . were those who openly or in secret led a life of gross imf morality and sin. But let these humbly mi hfklyrepent, -and com e and partake of the Lord's Supper, and then enjoy that union with Jesus, which none were forbid den to enjoy, but all invited to come and participate in, without money or price. I would that my memory enabled me to give the " very words" eloquent, burning and thrilling in which Dr Moorhouse clothed the reasons for his own and all true living minded Christians' belief in .. ... . 4 ; I . l,»; iljJSt (if the union of their Uvea wlt.i 0f His own experience. of the effects or that,oi spuitiw » '! , n(j himself, and others, had a pathetic influence rupl i- Ujfl'ff £ mm Rearers. I would to Guu Lie . i£j,ej,0 were so influenced and act-Sd .R'qqj would then " be peace 011 I'fUij) £ . . will to men," which alas, at present, . and which has '-1 during any period that hist&rffi; H. traditions lias handed down 1S: 