MISCELLANY. WOMAN'S WRITES.-Postscripts. A SALT 'EBBING.-A sailor mistaking his course. WABFABE OUT OF PLACE.-A naval battle in the Pacific.-Punch. THE PBOPEB IMPLEMENT FOB FLOODING A GHOST.-A'spirit level. CON.-What steamship company is like a musical instrument f-1The P. and O. (piano) Company, .to be sure. STABTLING AD VICE. -Medical man: "And then, with regard to the swelling at the back dTyour head, I don't apprehend anything etrioas; but you most keep your eye on it!" CONSOLING THOUGHT.-A lady -who had quarrelled with her bald-headed lover said la- dis missing him, " What is delightful about you, my Mend, is that I have not the trouble of sending you back any locks of iiair." SUFFICIENT REASON Mr. Toole recently asked a provincial mantra wfcy he had parted with his leading tragedian. could not help it," was the reply; "be ranted bo that the people omild hew , him onWde, and therefore wtTuldnTpay tpjo lh.*' THE tomato is masquerading about the markets Just now under mors allien tban any one can shake a stick at.. There, are "tomatoM," " to maters." "tommavtoes," "tommatusea," "tomat to^*" tonnato«7 and the otberday a wo&urwas; ioqt>iring,,<Qo)rd'ye ma yer ! >Amo lew's ,TWS; JRsAflos; Wsnr.-Scene interior ot Glasgow Cathedral nave: Time-Sabbath, close of forenoon tervice. English tobrtstto'mtai in attendance: "Hy good nan, why can't we see the erypd to-day P Man >in attcmUose,-ttmtfai Wiack: 1 "Sure, abr, isn't all the. other-plaoss of awwwwwtfctln the town- shut- on Sundays r Collapse of ,A .-^£2 ' Hoi>us ViVBNDL-The Tuuourafween Eiii0¥ope Leo Is freely wmmantM oo ia politfOkl dnSss* Mr.B. bss promised >HlsHota«s* M&dhs.-; lAils nndtt*»anMn</ Is happily arrived -at it is ttobaMe that *wtt*rpO|Met»lonif^ loUo;*. San Fr»i}c£»oo News Letter., 1 Toccggto T<rd bMie-b&U; blabs, SwW toaw rtmplrn and calHnknlin * nide-hocutd, lufliftnni blackhearted 4iarV with their thumb* and Uai.-Did tou esyer ~ tb)e. shkdy-lookjpjf Iiegbui u »« iuuii >iHfr laatbayaArattsB«M,«a^hli< tontiim' downJ^dH ttopp,fc&ttaMto; tteeeortoroq sffljssiswffistgBraI iiutotf, iflll rtmarkopoiithir«'i wmca Was, of course, a' very smaft mlsfcodjiiiie. Th6 ni^morniag there arrived in-hot haste atneaftnfctrf on horseback with a telesran The inartflmui jmlll tie(openeirfrMdi^S it ma bom the Perth butcw-tts^etnng ttiat'W CpfldpstMHA'thtWdMpT !.»/ .?.)?~.t Ui III QBITE KEAPY roa HiM.-The othflr -day'ft genuine tramp, with astomacb yearning fora pioked up meal, uhdertookto ttttef a yard <m Winder street. ? A large^fijeroe dog stood «t the Bite to gin* him hostile welcome,.and after .yainly trying to pro* pittkte.the Attlmai, the truap &u;|d to V»m<h^i3 who «m making a ute on* the vera&dihi;' sopny.r," Yee, fa hay," was the reply. " Bay, byV; call offyer dog!", "No use- no xue, replied the lad, "Even it you got inheto toa's waiting at the kitten door wlth* kettle of hot water,. 8awlTa;working the AkfeHicAJff AwlsfeTisiNci. An mfceifioTia French painter, who to talking abtat cobtnaae'wult some foreigners,; maintained that; much ot the dignity ad«o6fetM in bur mlndi With thfc Iaceahd formof Washington was due to the Oafctttf iffavfct *ab6ut' his neck., '.Jlemovethat,'Mieoried,"ftB(l WMUoBktt Mil descend at least 30 degrefss'ln the eve? of ,biij)4 mirere." Carmany and Oroseft," 28 Searay-street,' have now on hand Unequalled articles fat neck wfear, so perfectly adapted to face and figpre that they, bring out the beauty ol every man's Individuality.-C&1K fornianPaper. . . ' >' " PERHAPS HE WAS Right;-"-"Well, how aid you 1" inquired a doctor, aa he stood by the arm chair of hispatient, tin Aid man, tHu>. was troubled with deafness. "Oh, -very bad P waa the-reply ;,j" t car.scaroely hear a sound." ,W^ll,? ^marked the doctor, " you know how often I hayy mprcased upon you that V6n must give tip fcplrits. Do that.indyoti will get ail light. u And away iie wntt.: A fortnight jater he paid his patient another visit, and inquired after his ailment, " Tou .don't, need to 'Shout "10, doctor," »id the -old man, irisribly. "_I3mve -foi« lowed your advice, have given np sny grw, andjcao near perfectly." X week later tne medical man paid hM patient yet another visit, arid fcteld him almost stone-deaf once more. "Ah," said the former; V.S suppose yon have been indulging again." doctor," *"-" ?* *' * "" <«».», answered the patient, "I mtist confess! hare, for. I didn't consider all that Iheard worth A single glass of. brandy an^ water 1" . ANOTHEB Tbassft. -Referring to the fact that another transit of Venus ie to take place in 1882. the«' New York Ttmea" writes" The bat transitof Venus was a reckle«ly-extraragant affair. Parties of astronomers were made up-some on the baste of whist and others on the basis oT poker-and each party choee a distant and expensive country for the scene of its particular transit. Thus one. set of astro nomers went to China, another to Australia, another to Kerguelen Land-places which they could not hope to visit at their own expense, and where they could throw aside all home restraints. The cost of tran sporting these parties, of supporting them for two of three months, and o( bringing than back again waft paid by the Government. What has the Government to show, in return for all this outlay ? The answer will certabtfynot be satisfactory to the tax* payers. She astronomer* alleged that they made extensive observations at China, Kerguelen Land, an4 elsewhere. It was supposed that they would settle by cartful observation how many times a straight IIusn will occur when four men are playing, and would arriveat a definitecohclusion as to whether the.flvej seven, and nine of hearts can be regarded as a stronger suit than the five, seven, and nine of clubs-neither being trumps. The records of the transit parties may be searched in vain for any such data. Sofar as they were concerned, we know no more of whist and poker than we did before they made those prolonged Observations which so much excited the curiosity ol the Chinamen, and ao materially altered the distribu tion of currency at Kerguelen bind. Did any of the astronomers observe any new and valuable varieties of tea or lire-crackers, or did they discover novel and entertaining animals at Kerguelen Land? They cer tainly did not. It is true that the Chinese party did bring home s^coUectionofjtotographB wWeh wmein giaphsof Chinese maimers'; viewBof theoatddeof the house at Pekin in which the transit took place; and likenesses of the astronomers as they appeared when about to tit down to the celebration, can possess any permanent scientific value. There is no doubt that the astronomers had a delightful time, and that most of them now play a much stronger game than fhey did before going abroad, but the Government scarcely seems to have received its money's worth. As to the pretext that at every transit of Venus the distance of the sun from the earth is measured, no one can bte deceived by it. According to the admissions of the astronomers themselves, the sun's distance has been measured times without number. Either it has been measured correctly, in which oaae it is useless to re measure it, or else it has been measured incorrectly, which is a proof that the astronomers cannot do their work in a trustworthy way, and that it is not worth while for them to try it again. DICTATING AX ITEM.-Mr. Tucker came into the editorial room of a local paper, and sliding up to the reporter's table, he took a seat, and nudged up close and said, " Just take it down now, and I'll give you a good item. Beady f " Yes. Go ahead." " WclL this morning Mrs. Tucker-my wife, you know-and her daughter Bessie were driving out with the bay mare, named Kitty, along the river road to see her aunt." "Whose aunt?' "Mrs. Tucker's aunt. To See her aunt. Bessie was driving the mare, and a little after they had passed Stapleton-place she threw one of her shoes." 41 Bessie did S" " No, Kitty, the mare. And Bessie said to her mother that she thought she was behaving queerly." "Mrs. Tucker was?" "The mare; and she felt so worried that she had half a notion to turn back." .'Are you speaking of the mare or of Bessie J" " I mean Bessie, of course. But Bhe kept - on limping and going kinder uneven until they were down by the gas works, when she laid back her ears aad_" " You don't mean Bessie's ears?' Certainly not" "Go on then. Mrs. Tucke* laid "back her ears." " The mare's ears. And just as they got on the bridge over the creek the mare gave a tilt to one ride, and as Mrs. Tucker screamed, Bhe let drive with both of her hind legs against the carriage." " Are you referring to Mrs. Tticker, or to the- "Kitty, the mare-and snapped both shafts oS short. The next moment, before Bira. Tucker or Bessie wuld save them selves, she went over the side, turning a complete somersault." " You are »ow speaking' of the vain." "Yes, the mare turned a complete somersaAdfc into the water. One of the traces remained un broken, and of course, as Kitty went over, die dragged tfae oarriage after her, and Mn. Stacker* and ilsajo went floundering into the creek. The mare at ftpco struck'out for the shore, and Bessie (ortunndy had presence of mind enough to grasp her by ttM tail She had the blind-staggers, but It, paased off " "Not Bessief "No-the mare; «nd as .he was being towed past Mrfe.TiH&dr; riie1' hold other dress-" "The mare's dress f'.'" dress; and it seemed lor a minute thg, mai bring them safely to land. But l&sTraSi; on the mare's tail loosened :«onNiltMfc^M, timi said Bessie beld on to the tnare'a If Well, so it was; and Mrs.'TuckertWhbttttlim Area." " Whose dressT ^"tHdntS^iay BmMi 1.4 u-u «» "Her' houT H tb6 . iaken; Beau had hold -mare was swimming, "Tucker's dr-^thsit u, -ahyho«%-chelst .J^tmojir"-- " she went to rour 