CHINESE MYTHS AND STORIES." ?A remarkable fact concerning Chinese folk-lore is the etrange similarity between Cninese myths and stories and those of "Western Europe. Here is a tale, the analogue of whion is found almost everywhere in Western folk-lore. The Seven Sleepers of Epheaus, the medieval romance of Ogier le Danoia, and the old Gaelic legend on which that romance is based, or Oiain'a sojourn in the land of youtu, are a few of the many forms which it takes in the West. The Chinese etoryis as follows :-"Two friends wander amoug the mountains culling simplej. At a- fairy bridge, the azure bridge, they find on guaid two maidens of mure than earthly beauty. 'Come acioss the bridge,* cry the maidens. This done, the friends are* fed 0Qj^l^l^a (kemp, tfle Chinese hasheesh), and falling deeply in love with their hostesses spend with them in the Jasper Oity whit Beema the short though i/lisdful period of a few diys. At length, they are seized with a desire to visit their earthly home) and on getting back they find that seven generations have passed, and they have become more than centenarians." Tae story is given in the Liao chai chih yi, with the date, A.D. 60 to 70, and the names of the two friends 1 Another equally oiroumBtantial tale records now Wang Oziih, one of sue patriarchs of the laouist seat, was one day gatnenng fire-wood iu the mountains of Ku Cnow, when he entered a grotto where some old men were deep in a game of ohoBs. He laid down his axe and' wataued them ; whereupon one of tee old men handed him what looked like a date-atone, tehiog him to put it in his mouth No sooner had he tasted it than he oeased to feel hunger and thirst. Bj- and-bye one of the players said, "It is long since joa came here; yoa should go home now.'" Wang OniJj , &eut; to tatce up hia axe, and found the handle , had mouldered into dust. Undismayed, however, he went home, but found that centuries had passed since he went out wood-cuttiug. No vestige of hia kinsfolk had remaiued. The end of tbis tale is certainly tin-European; for Wan^ Caih retreats to a call in the mountains, and devoting himself to religiom exercises, finally aUaiuB immortality. .J So^et\me3 "le m^cbievous fairyia almost identified with one of the monkey tribe, ihua a ma^i with a very pretty wife, travel ing near Chang-tin, was warned that hard by lived a ehen who was given to woman etealmg. hid his wife in an inner ^oom; but in the fourth watch of .the Becoud nighc she was carried off. He sought her high and low, his romr.ntio and penious adventure bein# described in The Mtrtory. of tit ^ White '.Monkey, by Kuug 1 sing. At last he came to a atone door in tne tace 0f a mountain. Some women, S? Jere ?a83ia» in and out, told him hia wife was there. "Get us." Intn. yU "ten dog8' two barrela of spirits, and a quantity of hempen rope, and wa will try to deliver her for you. After all these things had been provided, the shea came in, and drank the spirits I and ate the dogs, and while ha was gorged ana helpless the women bound him to the bed. They called in the husband, who round that he waa an enormou3 monkev. He straightway inlled him, and set free, I not his o«m wife only, but many other women who were held in captivity.! I diking of monkeys, we may remark tsat they, as well as men, are supposed to have ghosts. A man in Canton, named Ling, had a yuan monkey in his family forty years. This spscu-s is supposed to grow to a very large size if it ia allowed to drink' plenty of water j and as Ling preferred a smalt monkey, his pet was kept on short water allowance. One day the monkey bn.atched a cup out of the hand of Ling's youngest eon, and drained it off. The .gave him a good whipping, where upon tne monkey Bulked, refused food, and died in a few days. Soon after, his ghost began to haunt the house; strange noises were heard, food unaccountably disappeared, and at last a fire broke out. Ling moved into another hbuse, bnt the ghost moved too; and at last he was com pelled to take refuge in the temple of the five hundred worthies. Here the ghoat did not dare to follow him 5 and not many years ago the family might be seen housed i in the temple, everybody in the quarter knew for what reason. Ghoata whom nobody ownf,Jepirits of poor men who had died at street corners* and euoh like, are, not unnaturally'! malevolent. They cause epidemics, and have to-be driven off by firing orackars; or if people prefer appeasing them, they set out plates full of CikeB, with invitations to " the honourable homeless ghosts." The I ghosts of suioiJes are particularly difficult to | be appeased ; their sole aim in life (or rather in death) Beams to bs to induoe others to do as they have done. If you sleep in i the room where anyone hanged himself or I herstlf, you are sure to receive daring the niRht a pressing invitation to commit felo de se. At Hang-ehow, by the north gate was a -house BO haouted by demons that | was to be had a bargain, A scholar named I Ts'ai bought it, and since none of his family would go with him, went to sleep there ! alone. He lighted a candle, and kept watoh. I At midnight a woman came Blowly in with a red silk handkerohief round her neck I saluted him, tied a rope to a beam, and pat her neck in it. T«'ai watohed her, but did not ohange a muscle. She then fastened np another rope, and invited him to put his head in likewise. He laughed, and lifting up his foot, put that into the noose! "You're wrong," Baid shOj "No," he replied; ««yon were wrong years ago, or you'd never have done what you did." The shoat gave an exceeding bitter cry, bowed to Ta'ai, and departed; and from that time the house was no more haunted. Ta'ai after ward rose to great distinction, as he de served to do, passing all his examinations and becoming provincial councillor. ' Ghosts are oftea introduced into Chinese pUys, and in one iarce the ghost turns the table# on his would-be oxorciat. The priest cornea in with big gonj;, robaa, mitre, etc., but the ghost catches hold of the gong, an^ beats the devd'a tattoo on it, elapa the mitre on hia own head, strips tie prieab of his robes, and vows he'll exorcise hia reverence. " Oh, your Excellency," whimp.rs the priest failing on hia knees, " had I known you'd really been in the house, I'd never have come near the place. I only came to try to earn a few cash." The ghost, however exorcises him without mercy, and he has to decamp minus his paraphernalia. Ghosts of goda are not uncommon, and are often highly serviceable. A few years ago the following was gravely related in the Pekin Gazette: "When thellohammedans were besieging Changwei, they suddenly halted and ran aw»y. Tae fact was, they had approached the lemple of Ta-pi-pgh (^od of the planet Venu»), and there they B&W; an awful visioq: gods in golden mail, numarous as forest trees, and armed with svord and Shield, were drawn up in battle array along the city wall, and red lamps innumerable lighted them up. The enemies' hearts failed them, and a euduen dischaiga of cannon put them to flight." Here ia another class of superstition, which reminds us of some weird German and Sclav legends about building a living man or woman into a bridge Or tower, which could on no other condition be completed. " "When the beli-tovrer of Pekia was built," says Mr, Stent, in a paper on Chinese legends, "tne Emperor Yung-lo, of the Ming dynasty, ordered a great, mandarin, named Kuan-yu, to ca9t A bell big enough for suca a noble build ing. Time after time Kuan-yu and the Severest workmen in the country tried to saafc a bell, and failed; the casting was always honeycombed, and the emperor said that if there was one more failure, Kuan-yu'B head should pay the foif-eit. Now Kuau-ju hud a dauguter, a Jovely girl of sixteen, named. Ko-ai: and when tshe learned what was to be done, she went to a celebrated astrologer and aaked the cause of her father's failure. Some demon, she was told, required a maiden's blood to be mixed with the met&l;, and unles3 this was done, the next casting, would be Si failure like the others. Ko-ai at once took her resolution. She got leave from her father to be present at the cast ing; aud amid the dead silence which prevailed when the taps were drawn and the molten stream poured down into the mould, a shriek was heard, and crying out, ' For my father,' Ko-ai threw herself headlong into the seething metal. One of the workmen tried to seize her, but only succeeded in getting hold of a shoe, whiou cable oif in his haud. The father had to be held back by force hom following Ko-ai'a example. He waa taken home > a raving madman; but the belt was perfect in make and tone, and when struct, its sonorous boon is to this d±y followed by a low wa<lmg sound like tue wail of a -woman in agony, and when people hear it they say, * There's poor Ko-ai calling for her shoe.'" Where did those tales eome from which we call the Arabian, Night* I Some oi them, we kAo.w, tell, us about -Onineee emperors and princesses- fiadroalboudour, to nit. Oi others, Chinese legends give as other forms. Thus " Open Sesame" fiuds its parallel in the Btory of a~ cave, near whioh lived a poor young nerdeman, who bore the not unusual name of Chang. One day, as he was pass ing, he heard a voice cay, " Stone a door open; Mr. Kwei-ku is coming." The oave opened, and the invisible speaker entered, aud bj-aud-bye the same voice said, " Stone door, shut; Mr. Ksei-kuie going." Where upon the oave oiossd, so taat no one oould bee where the entranoe had been. Chang at onoe determined to see what was inside; to, one day, taking care that Mr. Kwei-ku was gone out, he used the torinuia, and at onoe gained an.entranoe. Outness legends are often unpraotioal, bo we need not wonuer that there ib no bint of any treasure inside. It was simply a vaBt, romantic cavern. He came out, shut the door . by using tut> proper form of words, and then told his pnly living relative, his grandmother. She must needs see it too; but, wandering inside, they got separated, and Chang, fancying she had left} first, came out and .closed cne cave'B moutb. Not finding her at home, he rushed back, horror-striken, to seek her; but now all his efforts to obtain an entrance failed. The magic words had lost their power; and he felt that hid . grandmother must be either starved to death or devoured by Mr. Kwei-ku. Just then this dreaded personage appeared to him, and told him that the fateB had taken his grandmotuer; the cave demanded a victim. Let him marry, and take comfort in the thought that his childien -would have power over demons. And so it was; Chang's son became "the master of heaven," the first holder (A.D. 25 is about the date assigned to the story) of an office which has lasted on to the present day. S.uries of ma^io toinos are touud' among mo<t peoples, nor are they wanting in Caina. Kuagmihg wuk a' sort of Oniueae Michael Sooit; and one day the Emperor Huog-wa and his ohiel councillor, passing near his tomb, were seizad with a wish to viBit it. The Empuror and his courtiur wore Baits of iron mail, after the fashion o! those days; so, breaking through into the antiohamber, they read an inscription that whoever visited the tomb Bhould iiuve hia bauds tied-a propheoy fulfilled by their hands getting for uoiue time fast wedged into the passage through whiuh they equetzed themselves. Breaking {through .the ^second door, they found several figures, toward whioh they began to be attracted by an irresistible foroe. Foil oi tenor, they flung ofi their arlnoar and fled, noting &b; they ran oat another inscrip tion, whiuh way be rendered thus : " I'll elrtp off the akin < Of whoso ventures in To open this my grave." 0£ course the figures were of loadstone,. ' which in the legends of inedfravalEurope, as well as in tEe Arabian Night* and in Chinese stories* waa credited with, very mysterious powers. When Confucius died, one of his disciples cased his coffin in load stone; and thus the Em.eror Chin was buffled in his attempt to open tbe tage's tomb-the workmen's pickaxes and spades lost their heads, the armour of tbe soldiers on guard Was stripped off their bodies; altogether things tuok such & strange turn that the attempt was given np. Even the Judgment of; Solomon finds its parallel in China, only the mandarin who plays Solomon orders tuattbe child shall ba taken away'from both women* and brought up as a government official. He judges that the real mother will eagerly accept BO good a chance tor her offspring, while the woman who only wanted to seil the babe, or to use ic in begging, will clamour for its restoration. He therefore hand* the little one, to the claimant who, though with tears and sobs, had accepted his proposal. The story is said to be historical, but we may suspect that it was derived from Indian or Semitic sources. That is juatthe difficulty in all tueie c&aea.; The myth may [ have travelled, eaitward in the wake of the [ earliest caravans, or with- the other teaching of those Utetorian Christiius who penetrated into the heart of Cuiaa loog before the Tartar conquests, and whoae influence on Buddhism has not yes been adequately taken into i account. When we know more of Chiaene literature, we shall see what svoriea reJly do date from pre-Christian times, and are therefore presumably home-grown. Till then we mutt bu cjtuens to be more puzzled than Salomon, o£ ahoae judgment here is another more Cnineae version. A certain worKmsa had a very good-looking wife, and they Jovad each other tenderly. Hut while dogs in China are of con Bad dogs ; and, moreover, have sometimes the power of taking what humm ehapo they like. So a write dog took the workman's ships, and walked into hit IIOUBO. Fortunately, he. had miscalculated the tim»; for, just as he entered, the leal husband returned, and the wite was thrown into a very piteous dilemma. Watch was her. husband Btib could not for ttie life ,of her make out." So she did as a sensible Chinese woman would-made them both go with her to the mandarin's yamea. But the mandarin was just as puzzled as the wife, the two men were so exactly alike. Fortunately, however there wa3 in the yam£a a most convenient tiger which never would touch men, but was accustomed to feed on doga. Knowing, therefore, the villainous ways of white does, the magistrate ordered both the salt'. styled husband* to be put into the* tiger's cage. The tiger at once flaw at and devoured the dug, and the woman got her real husband back; and they weri|.off, praising the magistrate's wisdom. . * ' Here is the Chinese Penelope. Pak-li shi .rag a restless spirit; always longing for adventure. He married and had a son, and then disappeared, and wa3 away more than thirty years, rising, meanwhile, to be Prime Minister in a neighbouring state (tnid was in the days when Caina was a group of kingdoms). One day his son saw a proclamation signed Pak-li-shi, and told hw mother, who was reduced to_ be a .wandering needle-woman. They agreed to go and see what tbe likeness of name migat mean, and when they got to the capital of Che kingdom, the mother turned bailad-singer, and scraped acquaintance with the great man's servants. They told her that tueir master was subject to fits of I low spirits tnrough tbe loss of his family, which he had ? been for years unable to find. She persuaded them to let her try it' htr songa would aootHe him, improvised a touching ballad, was recognised, and they were happy ever after. 