WARY ANERLEY.* BY K. D. BLACKMOBE, ADTHOE OP " LOENA DOONE," " THE MAID OP SKEB," " ALICE LOBBAINE," &C.; CHAPTER LV. NICHOLAS, THE FISH. Five hundred rears ago there was a great Italian swimmer, even greater than our Captain Webb; inasmuch as he had, what the wags of the age unjustly ascribe to our hero, that is to say web-toes and fingers. This capable man could, if history be true, not only swim for a week, without ceasing (reassuring solid nature now and then by a gulp of live fish), but also could expand his chest so considerably, that it held enough air for a day's consumption. Fortified thus, he explored Charybdis, and all the Liparic whirl pools, and could have found Caaman's gun anywhere, if it had only been there. But at last the sea had its revenge upon him, through the cruel insistence of his king. No man so amphibious has since arisen, through the unfatnomed tide of time. But a swimmer, and a diver of great repute, was now living not far from TeeBmouth. That is to say, ne lived there whenever the state of the weather, or the time of year, stranded him in dry misery. Those who have never come across a man of this description might suppose that he was happy and content at home, with his wife ana growing family, assuaging the brine in the delightful manner commended by Hero to Leander. But, alas, it was not so at all. The temper of the man was very slow to move, as generally happens with deep-chested men: and a little girl I might lead him with her finger on the shore; ana he liked to try to bmell land-flowers, which in his opinion were but weeds. Bat it a man cannot control bis heart, in the very middle of his system, how can he hope to command his skin, that unscientific frontier of his frame! "Nicholas the fish," as his neighbours (whenever by coming ashore be had such treasures) contemptuously called him, was endowed from his birth with a peculiar skin, and by exercise had imjnoved it Its virtue was excessive thiskaeaa^-sach "as, a writer Bhould pray for-protected also by powerful hairinesB, largely admired by those with whom it is restricted to the head. Unhappily for Nicholas, the peremptory poises of nature struck a line witn him, and ' thiB was his line of flotation. From per petual uBage, this was drawn, obliquely in deed, but as definitely as it is upon a ship of uniform displacement-a yacht, for mstancty ? ~ * The irlght of republishing "MaryAnerlev" been pnrrtHwd prov '? ? ? ?' Tr\ i ? or a man of war. Below that line scarce I ^ anything could hart him, bnt above it he was most sensitive nnlesB he were continually wetted; and the flies, and the gnats, ani many other plogueB of England, with one accord pitched upon him, and pitched into him, during his short dry intervals, with a bracing sense of saline draught. Also the sun, and the wind, and even the moon, took advantage of him when unwetted. This made hiB dry periods a purgatory to him, and no sooner did he hear from Mr. Mordacks of a promising job under water than he drew breath enough for a ten-fathom dive, and, bursting from long despair, made a great slap at the flies beneath his collar-bone. The sound was like a drum which two men strike: and his wife, who was devoted to him, hastened home from the adjoining parish, with a Bad presentiment of parting. And this was speedily verified; for the champion swimmer and diver Bet forth that very day for Bempton Warren, where he was to have a private meeting with the general factor. Ifow it was a great mistake to think-as many people at this time did, both in York shire and Derbyshire-that the gulf of con nubial cares had Bwallowed the great Roman hero, Mordacks. Unarmed, and even with out his gallant roadster to support him, he had leaped into that Curtian lake, and had fought a good fight at the bottom of it. The details are highly interesting, and the chro nicle might be useful; but, alas, there is no space left for it. It is enough, and a great thing too, to Bay that he emerged triumphant, reduced his wife into very good condition, and obtained the due mastery of her estates, and lordBhip of the household. Refreshed, and recruited by the home cam paign, and having now a double base for future operations-York city with the fosse of Ouse in the east, and Pretorian - hill, Derbyshire, westward-Mordacks returned, with a smack of lip more dry than amontilla dissimo, to the Btrict embrace of buBinesB. So far as the needs of the body were con cerned, he might have done handsomely with out any business; but having no flesh fit to weigh against his mind, he gave preference to the latter. Now the essence of his nature was to take strong views; not hastily-if he could help it-nor through narrow aspect of prejudice, but with power of insight (right or wrong) and stern fixity thereafter. He had kept his opinion, about Sir Duncan Yordas, much longer than usual pending, being struck with the fame of the man, ana his manner, and generous impulsive nature. All these he still admired, but felt that the mind was far too hasty; and, to put it in his own strong way, that Sir Duncan (whatever he might be in India) had been but a fool in England. Why had he cast away his claim on Scargate, and foiled the factor's own pet scheme .for a great triumph over the lawyers ? And why condemn his only son, when found with such skill and at heavy expense, without even hearing both sides of the tale. Last, but not leaSt, what induced him to marry, when amply old enough to know better, a girl, who might be well enough in her way, but had no family estate to bring, was shrewdly suspected of a cutting tongue, and had more than once been anything but polite to Geoffrey Mor dacks? Although this gentleman was not a lawyer, and indeed bore a tyrannous hate against that gentle and highly valued class, he shared the; solicitor's just abhorrence of the word " farewell," when addressed to him by any one of good substance. He resolved that his attentions should not cease, though under valued for the moment, but should be con tinued to the son and heir-whose remainder in tail subsisted still, though it might be hard to substantiate-and when his cousin Launce lot should come into possession, he might find a certain factor to grapple him. Mr. Mordacks hated Launcelot, and, had carried out his banishment with intense enjoyment, holding him, as in a wrench-hammer, all the way, silencing his squeaks, with another turn of screw, and as eager to crack him, as if he were a nut, the first that turns auburn in September. This being the condition of so powerful a mind, facts very speedily shaped themselves thereto; as they do when the power of an eminent orator lays bold of them, and crushes them, and they cannot even squeak. Or even as a still more eminent omnibus-driver, when the street is blocked, and there seems to be no room for hiB own thumb, yet (with a gentle whistle, and a wink), Bolves the jostling stir, and bulk, makes obstructive traffic slide, like an eddy obsequious, beside him and behind, and comes forth as the first of an orderly procesBion, towards the public house of his true love. Now if anything, beyond his own convic tions, were wanted, to Bet this great agent upon action, soon it was found in York summer asBizes, and the sudden inrush of evidence, which-no matter how a case has been prepared-gets pent up always for the bar, and bench. Then Robin Lyth came, with a gallant dash, and offered himself as a sacrifice, if needful; which proved both hia courage, and his common sense in waiting, till due occasion demanded him. Mordacka was charmed with this young man, not only for proving his own judgment right, but also for possessing a quickness of decision, akin to his own, and backing up his own ideas. With vigour, thus renewed by many inte rests and motives, the general and generous factor kept his appointment, in Bempton Warren. Since the distressing, but upon the whole deBirable, decease of that poor Rickon Goold, the lonely hut in which he breathed his last had not been by any means a popular resort. There were said to be things heard, seen, and felt, even in the brightest summer day, which commended the Bpot to the crea tures that fear mankind, but] not their spectres. The very last of all .to approach it now would have been the two rollicking tars, who bad trodden their wooden-legged watch around it. Nicholas the fish was super stitious also, as it behoved him well to be; but having heard nothing of the story of the Elace, and perceiving no gnats in the neigh ourhood, he thankfully took it for his short dry spells. Mr. Mordacks met him, and the two men were deeply impressed with one another. The diver admireia the sharp, terse style and definite expression of the factor; while the factor enjoyed the large ponderous roll, and suggestive reservations of the diver. For thiB was a man who had met great beings, and faced mighty wonders in deep places; and he thought of them more than he liked to say, because he had to get hia living. Nothing could be settled to a nicety between them, not even as to pounds, shillings, and pence. For the nature of the job depended wholly upon the behaviour of the weather; and the weather must be not only at its best, but also Bitting meekly in the right direction, at the right moment of big spring- tide. The diver was afraid that he might ask too little; and the factor disliked the risk of offering too much, and posBibly spoiling thereby a noble nature. But each of them realised (to some extent) the honesty of the other; ana neither of them meant to be unreasonable. " Give and take is what I say," said the abort man, with the monstrous chest, lhnkihg ;:<? £! .In; tall «nya. ? luiU -' iv.HOKn V.qso; and let.livo, Ah. yt; Mr. Mordacks would have said " right yon are," if that elegant expression had beeu iu vogue: but as that brilliance had not yet risen, he was content to say "just so." Then he added, "Here you have everything you want. Madam Precious will send you twice a twice a day to the stone at the bottom of the lane, a gallon of beer, and victuals^ in pro portion. Your duty is to watch the tides and weather, keep your boat going, and let me know ; and here I am in half an hour." Galpurnia Mordacks WBB in her duty now, and took her autumn holiday at Flam borough. And though Widow Precious felt ' her heart go pit-a-pat at first sight of another Mrs. Mordacks, she made up her mind, with a gulp, not to let this cash go to the Thorn wick. As a woman Bhe sighed, but as a land lady she Bmiled, and had visions of hoisting a flag on her roof. When Mordacks, like a victorious general, conqueror of this Danish town, went forth for his evening stroll to see his subjects and be saluted, a handsome young sailor came up from the cliffs, and begged to have a few quiet words with him. " Say on, my lad ; all my words are quiet," replied the general fac tor. Then this young man up and told his tale, which was all in the well- trodden track of mankind. He had run away to sea, full of gloriouB dreams- valour, adventure, heroism, rivers of Paradise, and lands of heaven. In stead of that, be had been hit upon the head, and in places of deeper tenderness, frequently roasted, and frozen yet more often, basted with brine when he had no skin left, scorched with thirst, and devoured by creatures, whose appetiteB grew dainty when his own was ravening. " Excellent youth," Mr. Mordacks said; " your tale might move a heart of fiint. All who know me have but one opinion. I am benevolence itself. But my balance is low at my banker's." "I want no money, sir," the sailor an swered, simply offering benevolence itself a pipeful of tobacco, from an ancient bit of bladder; " I have not got a farthing, but I am with good people, who never would take it, if 1 bad it, and that makes every thing square between us. I might have a hatful of money, if I chose; but I find myself better without it, and my constitution braces up. If I only choBe to walk a league sou west, there would be bonfires burning ! But I vowed I would go home, acaptain; and I wilL " " Ha!" cried Mr. Mordacks with his usual quicknesB, and now knowing all about every body, " you are Mr. John Anerley, the son of the famous Captain Anerley." "Jack Anerley, sir, till better times, and better they never will be till I make them. But not a word to any one about me, if you please. It would break my mother's heart (for she doth look down upon people, without asking) to hear that Robin Cockscroft was supporting of me. But bless you, I shall pay him soon, a penny for a guinea." Truth, which struggles through the throng of men to get out and have a little breath sometimes, now and then succeeds, by acci dent, or the Btupid misplacement or a word. A penny for a guinea was as mnch as Robin Cockscroft was likely ever to see for his outlay upon this very fine young fellow. Jack Anerley accepted the situation, with the large philosophy of a sailor; and all he wanted from Mr. Mordacks was leave to be present at the diving job. This he obtained, as he promised to be useful, and a fourth oar was likely to be needed. It was about an hour before noon of a beautifully soft September day, when litle Sam Precious, the same boy that carried Robin Lyth's note to Mary, came up to Mr. Mordacks with a bit of plaited rushes, the ecytale of Nicholas the fish, who was happy enough not to know his alphabet. The factor immediately put on his hat, girded himself with his riding sword, and pistol-belt, and told his good wife that business might take him away for some hours. Then he hastened to Robin Cockscroft's house, after sending the hostler, on his own horse, with a letter to Bridlington coaBt-guard station, as he had arranged with poor Carroway's successor. The Flamborough fishermen were out at sea; and without any fuss, Robin's boat was launched, and manned by that veteran him self, together with old Joe and Bob, who had long been chewing the quid of expectation, and at the bow oar. Jack Anerley. Their orders were to slip quietly round, and wait in the Dovecot, till the diver came. Mordacks saw them on their way; and then he strode up the deserted path, and struck away towards a northern cove, where the diver's little boat was housed. There he found Nicholas the fish, spread out in all his glory, like a polypod awash, or a basking turtle, or a well-fed calf of Proteua. Laid on his back, where the wavelets broke, and beaded a silver fringe upon the golden rufif of sand, he gave his body to soft lullaby, and his mind to per fect holiday. His breadth, and the spring of freBh air inside it, kept nim gently up and down ; and his calm enjoyment was enriched by the baffled wrath of his enemies. For flies, of innumerable sorts and Bizes, held a hopeless buzz above him, being put upon their mettle to get at him, ana perishing Bweetly in the vain attempt. With a grunt of reluctance, be awoke to business, swam for his boat, and embarking Mr. Mordacks, pulled him across the placid bay, to the cave where his forces were as sembled. " Let there be no mistake about it," the factor shouted from the Mermaids' having promised his Calpurnia to keep upon dry land, whenever the water permitted him; " our friend, the great diver, will first ascer tain whether the thing which we seek is here. If so, he will leave it where it is; until the arrival of the preventive boat. You all understand, that we wish to put the matter, so that even a lawyer cannot pick any in the evidence. Light no links until I tell you. Now, Nicholas the fish, go down at once." Without a word, the diver plunged, having taking something between his teeth, which he would not let the others see. The watery floor of the cavern was as smooth as a mill pond in July, and he plunged so neatly that he made no splash; nothing but a flicker of refection on the root, and a lapping murmur round the sides, gave token that a big *«»»« was gone into the deep. For several minutes, no one spoke; bnt every eye was strained upon the glassy dimness, and every eat intent for the first break of sound. . "T' go°P ha' got' nn," cried old Robin, indignant at this outrage by a stranger to his caveB, God mver mahd mon to pree intal 'a ainwarks," Old Joe and Bob granted approbation: and Mordacks himBelf was beginning to believe that some dark whirlpool, or oou of tangles, had drowned the poor diver,- when a very gentle noise, like a dabcbick playing beneath a bridge, came from the darkest comer. Nicholas was there, inhaling air, not fn greedy gulps and gasps, like a man who has had no practice, hut leisurely encouraging hia lungs with little doBieB, as a doctor givee soup to a starved boat-crew, i- Qe!hgli«Uetdfc| loud voices, he abawed nOt,?orl by no roeans'talkattve i bhtti'lSl Very little "breach bf -wfcl$kS4iF middle, an&tosked;'for hI«'|Hpe.y K.n -o the?1-"* in a quarter of a minute, to the business level Nicholas made no reply, until the nre , of his pipe was established, while he Btood in . the water, quite as if he were on land, sup- I porting himself by nothing more than a gentle iHOvenient of his feet; while the glow of the touch-paper lit his round face and yellow leather skull-cap.. " In COOMB I has, he said at last, blowing a roll of smoke alon^ the gleaming surface ; over to yon little | C°"And you can put your hand upon it in a moment?" The reply was a nod, and another roll of smoke. "Admirable! Now then Joe, and Bob the son of Joe, do what I told you; while Master Cockscroft and our nimble young friend get the links all ready. The torches were fixed on the rocky shelf, as they had been upon the fatal night; but they were not lit, until Joe and his son, sent forth in a smaller boat to watch, came back with news that the preventive gig was round the point, and approaching swiftly, with a lady in the stern, whose dress was black. 14 Right," cried Mr. Mordacks, with a brisk voice ringing under the ponderous brows of rock* "men, I have brought you to recei\e a les'son. You shall see what comes of rnurder Light the torches. Nicholas, go under, with the exception of your nose, or whatever it is you breathe with. \\\ hen I lift my hand, £° down; aud do as 1 have ordered you." The cavern was lit with the flare or nre, and the dark, still water heaved with it, when the coast-guard boat came gliding in. The crew, in white jerseys, looked like ghosts flitting into some magic scene. Only the officer, darkly clad, and standing up with the tiller-lines in band, and the figure of a wotnau Bitting in the stern, relieved their Bpectral whiteness. Commander Hardlock, and men 01 the coaat-guard," 6houted Mr. Mordackg, when the wash of ripples, and the drip of oars, and the creak of wood gave silence crime, committed upon this spot, longer go unpunished. The ocean, itself has yielded its dark secret, to the perseverance of mankind, and the humble but not unskilful eflforts, which it has been my privilege to conduct A good man was slain here, in cold blood slain, a man of remarkable capacity and zeal, gallantry, discipline, and every noble quality, and the father of a very larae family. The villain, who Blew him, would have slain six other harmless men by perjury; if an enlightened English jury had been fools enough to believe him. Now, I will show you what to believe. I am not eloquent, I am not a man of words ; my motto is strict business. And business with me is a power, not a name. I lift my hand; you wait for half a minute ; and then, from the depths of his abyss, arises the gun used in the murder." The men understood about half of this, being honest fellows in the main, and desiring time to put heads together about the mean ine; but one there was, who knew too well that his treacherous sin had found him out. He 6trove to look like the rest, but felt that bis eyes obeyed heart more than brain ; and then the widow, who had watched him closely through her black veil, lifted it, and fixed her eyes on his. Deadly terror seized him ; and lie wished that he had shot himself. "Stand up, men," the commander shouted; " until we 6ee the end of this. The crime lias been laid upon our force. We scorn the charge of such treachery. Stand up, men; and face, like innocent men, whatever can be shown against you." ! The men stood up, and the light of the torches fell upon their faces. All were pale, with fear and wonder; but one was white as death itself. Calling up his dogged courage, and that bitterness of malice, which had made him do the deed, and never yet repent of it. he stood as firmly as the rest; but differed i from them in three thingB. His face wore a ] smile; he watched one place only ; and his breath made a noise, while theirs was held. Then, from the water, without a word, or sign of any hand that moved it, a long gun rose before John Cadman, and the butt was offered to his hand. He stood, with hia arms at his sides, and could not lift them, to do anything. Neither could he speak, nor make defence; but stood, like an image that is fastened by the feet. " Hand me that," cried the officer sharply ; but instead of obeying, the man stared malignantly, and then plunged over the gun into the depth. Not so, however, did he cheat the hang man ; Nicholas caught him (as a water- dog catcheB a worn-out glove), and gave him to any one that would have him. " Strap him tight," the captain cried, and the men found relief in doing it. At the next gaol-delivery he was tried, and the jury did their duty. His execution restored goodwill, and revived I that faith in justice which subsists upon so | little food. 