? ? ptkETBV. ? ? THE 'BA6Y. Thr following pathetic parody on ' The ' Bavcn' is -from the facile pen of the auth ors of ;? The coining K— /' and appeals with irresistible force to the sympathies' of. many an uncomplaining sufferer :— Once span * midnight dreary, wbibt I vailed feint sod weary, Ob the landing, till the doctor the expected Whilst 1 nodded, neatly nnppiijf, dreaming of wh*t then was happing Dreaming of whet then was happing, totler tide yon chamber door. Stood the doctor there and whispered, opening tie chamber door. ' 'Tin a boy and nothing more. Ah, distinctly I remember, by my chilblains, 'tiraB December ; Ml I stamped each smarting member,— stamped it smartly on tbe floor, Eagerly I wished for slumber, aa my feet and bands grew number ; . Oh, could I some bed encumber, oh, how quickly I could snore 1 ' Ch, how I would wake Ihe echoes with my But my vigU tu not o'er. for aa I thus thought of snoring, came a soaud of liquid pooriog-~ ' Iwaa a i-ound that oft, when thirsty, I bad beard wilh joy before ; And Khrn it I heard irpenting, through tbe darkness sent I greeting, Saying, ' Who ia that that'a drinking some thing-in behind my door!' For tbe cound came fit-m a chamber, mine ent-it faile, £o\p njiue no more— 'Who are you and whatd' yon ponr!' Presently a fnll, stout and snuffy matron comes to him withe bundle that begin* to sob. Then the 6annel pink unfolding, soon was 1 wilh awe beholding Something like to h hiuh niy eyes had ntver gazed upon before, liothinpf orther then it uttered— but I mouthed awhile and stuttered Till I positively mattered— ' Tell me all, I would imp'ore !' Ssii tbe matron— ?? Then ia little to infoim you-on that score — *Xis yi.nr son and nothing more.' ' AV'jiaid I, no longer dreaming, with a sud den knowledge gleaming, ' YonVe a monthly nurse's seeming, and it was yon 1 board pour ; Tell me then, urban ma; I slumber, when this room you'll cease to cumber. Since of chiJb'ains such a number in the pas* aige I deplore. Oaolh tbe woman 'Never more !N ' Woman,' said I, ' nurse how dare you ! If you do not hove a care you Soon will find tbat I can spare yon, for I'll show to yen tbe door.'' Sot that worn n, calm'y sitting, and her brews engaged in knitting. In ft way moat unbefitting, took tbe bottle from the floor— Took it up. althi ugh 'twas empty, took it np irom off* the n or! Waved it and said 'Never more 1' 'Nnne,' I ghosted, 'I won't stand it; putit down, at once unhand it ; As your master I demand it, and this room to me restore : Take your saucepan from my table ; clear my bed for you are able. Of your wardrobe, and the baby take where it was heretofore ; Tor I long to sink in slumber — xrarBe, I'm dying torn snore' Quoth the woman 'Kever more f ' Be that word our sign of parting, monthly nurse, I shrieked, upstarting, 'Get thee gone, tbou Camp outrageous, to where'er thou was before ; leave that bottle as a token ot tbe real that tbou fasa broken — Now, be off-have I not spoken ! Get thee gone. Gamp, there's tbe door.' Quoth Out woman 'Nevermore 1' And that monthly nurse is silting, drinking in a way unfitting. In an easy chair luxurious just behind my chamber door ; There lor weeks sue hod been sleeping, svo from myown chamber keeping ; Degradations on me heaping, till my heart nf hearts is eoie ; Fearing that her shadow never will be lilted f rook my floor ; And that Btnelling strong of spi/its, she through through yonder open door, Shall be lilted— Sever more t 