SCHOOLS. This section ís much better filled on this occa- sion than at the last exhibition, and it contains an unusual number of needlework exhibits. Among these first place for brilliancy must be given to the St. Mary's Non-vested School, Ips- wich, where the pupils are evidently well in- structed in fancy work. A gentleman's exceed- ingly handsome chair in Berlin wool has de- servedly got first prize. It would be worth a small fortune as the subject of a raffle at a church bazaar. There is also a very pretty fender stool in wool floss. In another description of fancy work Miss Sarah French, of East Mary- borough State school, aged 11, deserves special notice. She bas sent a baby's robe most beauti- fully worked. We should mention also some good plain sewing, which appears by the ticketing to be the work of the pupils at St. Mary's school. A patchwork quilt, made at Cleveland West school by children under 11, is very neatly sewn, although too pale in color, and is officially commended. Leaving the needlework, we notice a very excellent set of maps prepared by pupil teachers and scholars at the State school, Forti- tude Valley--a school where geography is evi- dently well and thoroughly taught. In the art department are a number of drawings by pupils at the Brisbane Normal School. Miss Maud Challinor is deservedly highly commended for a pen drawing from a Rembrandt etching ; Miss E. Cornell is also highly commended for a Corin- thian capital from the round. This is in its way perhaps the best drawing exhibited ; the shading is most delicate and true. Miss Florence Blundell sends a pen drawing, " Worrited," a copy from an etching, which is, in our opinion, extremely good, though it has not been noticed by the judges. And we must confess that we are quite at a loss to understand why Miss E. Lampard's " Child's Head," also a pen drawing from an etching, should have been overlooked. The work is excellent, and the expression of the original has been most admirably caught. Miss J. O'Connor's vase from the round, which is commended, deserves special notice also ; it is very good, careful, and honest work. Three boys from the State school, Pimpama, send well- drawn maps. On the same screen as the draw- ings by State school pupils, Mr. J. A. Clarke's original drawings for the late Queenslander Christ- mas stories are hung. Visitors will be able to judge from these how little the artist is responsible for the rather wooden appearance of the fairies in the illustrations of Mr. Stephens' last Christmas tale as they appeared in the paper. In the original the delicate ghost-like forms and texture of the roley-poley spirits is admirably given, and the scenery is full of the glamor proper to the narrative. A prosaic and materialistic engraver must have acted as interpreter between the artist and the public. 