ilFST:AS:I AM. By MISS BRAuBDON, Author \of " Lady Audlefs Secret," u Taken at the Mood" " A Strange World"" Dead Men's <5'hoes," " Weavers and Weft? $c., $c, (Published by special arrangement with the Author. 'AU rights reserved.]- : " ' ' ; Chafer IX.—Guilty; - The next witness was a man who had ; tiifiwn Humphrey Vargas when he lived at ; Ahflthorpe, and who .identified him, as an agricultural laborer, who had worked at one time for Mr. Blake,and and had occupied a cottage on his estate. This man'described how VaTgas had offended Mr. Blake by poaching on the TangVVy preserves, anc sew he and his wife had been turned out «f. their bojce,- ssclt and cfup, a day or two before the birth of his last child.; The ■wife died within a week of her confine ment, and Vargas had attributed her death ■ to the agitation and discomfort caused by their sudden shift of quarters from a decent, weather-tight cottage, .to a wretched hovel in .one of the lanes near. Ausithorpe.. . He iad expressed himself; strongly b about; Mr. Blake's .conduct, and shown himself wdictive. rSoph after .his wife's death he left- Austhdrpe,. abandoning his. young fwnUytp the care of the parish. The wife : -iadbeen a steady, hardworking woman, • hbt-VaTgas had been scamipishly disposed airhis best, not an habitual drunkard, but going' on the drink at pddytimes ' and in alined to be idle. Of this,, witness. Mr. Complin declined to ask any questions. , Then came thb evidence of - the Great "Bafford pawnbroker, at whose shop Vargas had pledged Mr. Blake's watch and .chain, ;amd who had been able to pick; him out i ; from-among'six men and identify him with-; cuVh ibinute's fiesitetion. This -vrctness'was aearchingly jn^^ted.'V,;.'®?*'i'>^P®®^h»' , who"i^id all he could to shake his testimony,, Sand to make him.. appear a twaddlmg; . old; fool,: but without success. ' After this followed the evidence of the late police-constable of Austhorpe, a tooth-: less old man who Had' been superannuated twelve years ago,fbut whose memory: seemed unimpaired by time. He described: how he had assisted at the tracing of foot prints in the, muddy; road,/hardened by a. •night's frost,"which fobtprihteha'dbeenbince; found to correspond with thefonii. and "size: •of the prisoner's feet'with singular distinct ness; . Here,, again,. the; counsel -for -the '"laef^cc't^ed;|Ee^ior®iffle;^' of ridicule, hut with 'id' 'in the caserof the pawnbroker,.save so far as the eliciting: of. Eomeiidle lahghterfrom. the .groundlings, -f Tbe next anddast witness was the tramp, "WilliamfScaffers,;otherwise Garotty Bill, who deposed1 tb being in Vargas's, company; in.the hopfields^'near Cobham, ixi Kent, and .-parting with-him, on the. road to Daleshire. j He described.bow they had'afferwards met by,accident at Blackford," and how. Vargas had.then been fluSh nf coin. . .' .:J :, , ^He'^s .dpna a -jjob spmewheres' in" the conntay ;as had put a few pounds in his 7|>bpkets,.he"se8,''^ur8ued Mr. Scaffers, who "discoursed as freely , and as pleasantly in the -witness-box asflfhe had been; sitting by 3 ..-taproom firej; Jtiis degag& attitude, as lis ^lolled with folded arms upon the front of J the box, .wasjcplculated to assure Ihr jury •f his perfect candor-and friend!in'-2. He ;iept a bit'of-straw at one cor-or of his 'mouth, Which, he chewed xce^hnally, as if;, for *-^***o6hmOBt, and h® casionally spat, in' gen.tlemp.nij iu»nner upon the floor of the' box. wHe.stood earn for a, pot o' pongelo," continued Mr. Scaffers, " and narchurfy we: ' got talkin'. He told me he meant to go .actoss'the 'erriiig pond and try his luck in' "Meriky as soon as'the-winter was over., I afst him if he'd got enough money,,to pay, -his passage, and he. ses :he has ; and I: sW \- that must- ha' been a profitable- job as he'd done inBaleshire, and-he-Ses it were:a;bifl o'luck, and no pistake, and he only wished \- Ib^tdd'oeTas'luci^-evpy- month- in: the; year, arid then he wouldn't quarrel with fortune nor with nobody." r ; " 7 -r ; Mr. Tomplin, in eros8-examination, bore! rather hardly ugph : the witness, but was able neither to shake Mr.Scaffer's testimony nor to disturb :his equanimity. He was quite agreeable, to" answer Any^nuPber of questions that pight be put to hip, and! seemed to look;uipiph'i&e;wh.b}qibtii£ne8S as v *4pfea8ant chat,. which gave - free jscope to his conversational powers. He explained t ^ the meamnglof various slang words, which' , vividness -to "his .-Pbteieology; :Hejpid the jurv thafcpongelo' -was h familiar Bathe for h&f-arid-half;/' and fp^her^xplaine4fhat .half-ahd-haTf;iwas' a :Jiiixtuxcofale.andporterr-.'..Nothing-_could hef.pore-affable than..his papner^tor thb counsel, savec perhapsthosenods!and-vrinka with which he sought to establish An run-' derstanding hetweenhimself and the jury. ''May I enquire how much of your life ' lias beei, spent out; of gaol, .during :the last twenty years ?";asks Mr. Tomplin. >; . ■M That a a pint'ofhetiquette for hishonor to decide/-' answered the' imperturbable Sceffers. " I should call it. a*huHwarrant-: able inva.'iou of a gentleman's private life." , "That will' do, sirI think.you have wasted tie time of-this cCOurtLquite long" enough/' said Mr: Tomplin/ shortly. - / " I leave it to the "jury's own powers to diskiyer which of-iis two has been-a frit-. terin5 away their vduabletiihe since eleven o'clock this morning," answered Scaffera, ; This closed the case .for the prosecution. Mr. Tomplin then began his defence. \- He startsd by admitting that he had a diflifult task before him. Here was a man who' stood before them self-accused of a terrible crime, whose lawn: lips; had given the chief evidence against him;, a man who hsd of his own free will surrendered his liberty, and invited the last punishment which the law could inflict/ Yet in the face of this confession, heshould: ask? the jury to consider the case before. them with minds unprejudiced by the. prisoner's own statement, and to examine that statement as if it had been the evidence of an inde pendent witness. He asked them' to con sider that there was actually nothing in all they had heard to-day to connect the pri soner with the murder of Walter; Blake, though there was cer tainly - some ground for believing that hehid become possessed of the murdered man's watch and chain, and had. con verted themf or his own benefit. , " You have. beeutoldbyBr. Brudenel," pursued Mr. Tomplin, "that in his opinion, both at the time of the inquest, and at the present time, the wounds from which Mr. Blake died were inflicted by a sharp-edged, jagged piece of wood, such as a hedge stake, and not by the smooth knob of a cudgel. I ask you, gentlemen, to consider this point in the evidence, and I aSk you still more closely to consider the palpable, improbabilities in: the tale told by the prisoner. You are asked to believe that ne, a' half-starved tramp, footsore and weary, was able to stop- Mr. Blake, a: powerful' man, mounted on a powerful horse, that he was able.to drag him oS: his horse and to belabor him with a bridge! that he died. - Does it not seem more rea sonable ~to suppose, gentlemen, that the murderer of Mr./Blake was: a man of his own age, of powerful frame/like his own, mounted as well as he was mounted/able to attack him him upon equal terms; not a poor crawling hound whom the Squire of Tangley could have swept out of Ms path as he would have spurned : any four-footed cur that yelped and- snapped at: his horse's legs. Gentlemen, you have to took deeper than this starving wayfarer's hunger for the'motive of this crime. You have to look for h great wrong and a desperate re venge. You.have to look for one of those terrible domestic mysteries which underlie the smooth surface of- society. You have to scrutinise the garbled page before you, and to.read between tbe lines. .. " And new, gentiemen, as for,tbe motive of this confession—-the . motive which can impel a man at large, unsuspected, free, to breathe air of heaven, to give up his liberty and imperil his life—I think you "will find it easier to ditoover a motive, or motives, strong enough to induce an innocent ,man to accuse himself of a crime whieh he has not committed than to-reconcile the im probabilities in tbe prisoner's account: of a supposed murder. We aH know of that thirst for notoriety which exists in some uneducated minds—a morbid desire to astonish—to be talked about and pointed at and-thought famous,; were it after the vilest fashion. Such a desire may have influenced the prisoner when he leapt in a moment from", the dull. obscurity of want and hoineiessness to the distinction of a . supposed murderer, a man to he interviewed i by newspaper correspondents, and-to have ' his portrait in the penny dreadfuls; Gentle Tnen, we'm^e tuu luiiulf o^'oui^ urimmaTsr. There is a "Victoria Cross for crlme as there | is for valor. A man springs into fame as j surely by the commission -of ..a .monstrous crime as a general by winning a great battle. We have made a step -towards civilization by doing away with public hangings, but. we shall make a longer step "into the I light whenwe.cease to gloat, over thedbtails i of crime, and to award the glory of a! waxwork apotheosis to the thief and the; assassin. The-thirst for^ notoriety, gentle man, is one bhyious motive for such a con fession; add to this the desperation of a ■wretch .whose .only'freedom was the liberty i to. starve by the way side or rot in a ditch. Perhaps, bad'the workhouse been more, accessible^ Humphrey/'Vargas would-not have thrown himself- into "£adl; but who woiild* hesitate, as a mere buobtura of per sonal, comfort, between jthe,; casual ward and the county prison.,.. Homeless, in rags, starving,. Vargas saw but- one -certain refuge open to him, and that refuge was-a gaol. He.had tasted its comforts befort, as a common felon;_ he ,, pined for the ■ more indulgent treatment of a murderer. He reckoned on the:- chances against.: the extreme penalty of the law;' He argued with himself that a man moved by remorse, pentitent, ' abject, confessing.' to. a' crime committed twenty yeMs.agb, wpidd besure of. lenient treatment.";. Mercy, would inter vene to modify the severity of the sentence. He risked the hazard of the die; and stands before you to-day; hearing- on his Coun tenance the stamp' of his character, a pro duct of our nineteenthbentury ciyilitatioib,: untaught, unfed,.unclothed, unbared1 for, a creature whose final hope on .earth is-,the. decent shelter of a gaol." - Mr. Canning Russell replied with sober brevity to the arguments"for 'the _defence. He said that--a man who accused, himself. ,of a murder was, unless ;;inad or drunkat hie time of his confession,..supposed., to i know his own mind. This man had hsen neither' drunk nor mad. He had; giybn h conscien tious narrative, a narrative sustained By the e'.ideccc, medical and otherwise; Mr. Hu^ell alluded with-some contempt to! the | ni«e distinction between a wound from a -.-.taks and One' caused' by a bludgeon or "cmigei.,"..' . '• . .: .• ' ; . ' Gentlemen,";hehexclaimed, ,.do not believe the. whole College of Surgeons would he able to tell one from the other.'' . He dwelt. :on the' identification of the prisoner by the pawnbroker: to whom he had pledged Mr. Blake's watch and chain. This was conclusive evidence as to the rob bery, and was it not too much for any rea sonable mind to suppose that' the robbery and the murder /were too distinct crimes committed by two" distinct,criminals, each acting bidepehdently of the ptber.' purely the man who disposed of Mr. Blake's pro-, perty must be the man who murdered him for the sake of that property; He had to remind the jury what very small gains had been' the ,motive of miirder in many cases i that must have.bpme/ydthih .their^ A0 to the argument that a tramp on foot was no match for Mr; Blake-on horseback,dt 'had to be considered that the tramp wasr a man who. had led a.rough outbf^odrdife,; and belonged already, in a measure, ibi,the; criminal classes, a manrwhbse^thew8,and sinews were practised in deeds of violence; and frather^ that- -the' gentleman, walki&g; his horse;home!;ffom the' hiint, after a lonS day's ri.de,; could hardly bp; "in/the 'full pq£j (TAflfM AVI ' Tl LI. X.* \l_ • . _ • session, of. his/normal ;8trength^' but i^as in all likelihood . ... iWeajy. Mr- Russell concluded af^eri brieflygiancr ing at some further points-in the : defe'ncej and then the judge" summed up,!;bripfiy, severely, taking, care tp.yepiinclJ the'iury that the fact of a crime haymg' (iwe|L cbhi-: .mitted twenty,ypars; ago:wa§-' -im/e^eimat-! ing circumstance, that the- prisoner'aCre morse could inboifrife laBtemthe enormity of hisgmlt; that if it seemed to thbmthat he had done this deed of which he stood accused out of hjs own mouth, he must pay tie penalty'of his crime. His. Case had beeri carefully Vbeard. He had been .ably aid exhauBtivelyddfended, Tbe£ were not to he earned away by oratiry, They werei: not even 'to be: influenced' byqaturalpity for a wrethh so abject.'^';Thmr:djity waa.to arrive at lieir verdict upon the. evidence theyh'ad heard/ looking at plain facts iri tjjj sober light of common sense. . The jury retired, arid in less than twenty minutes returned to the box, and after the usual formalities .the jury returned the ver-. diet " Guilty ", 1 Then came the solemn closing act of the day. The judge put on the black cap and; addressed the prisoner. Coldly, gravely, he reminded the shivering wretch of trie magnitude of his crime, and told him what his fate was to he. There had been no re cpmmeridation to mercy from." the jury, There was no hint of a possible commuta tion of the sentence from the judge. The short winter day had worn to its close before this climax ' was ' reached; wax candles had been , lighted here and there, arid the yellow flames were, reflected on the black oak panelling as in turbid water. The faces in the crowded court had all the same wan strained look iri the dim and unequal light. There were strange effects of light and shade, as in a picture of Rembrandt. The figures of the officials moving to and fro in the dusk had a goblin look. The judge projected a monstrous shadow of his wig and gown upon the ceiling, The dark crimson' draperies looked black, as if the court had been draped for a funeral. ; Mrs. Aspinali shook out the sable tales of her mantle and gave a shuddering sigh. "I had no idea the trial of a poor com mon creature could he made so interesting," she said to Sir Everard Courtenay, who sat near her. " How wonderfully clever those counsel are, arid how warmly they enter; into it, just as if they really cared what became . of the poor creature,' don't you know. But I'm rather glad it's all over, as I, ordered my. carriage for four o'clock, and thoEe poor chesnuts of ; mine must have been shivering for the last three-quarters of an hour. Would it be too much for me to. aak you to see. me through the crowd ?" ; "I shall be delighted," said Sir Everard.' " Your pretty little daughter ought to have, been here to-day," observed, the frivo lous matron, " She has lost a treat," •. I should be very sorry far my daughter to see,such a terrible scene." .^But really,.noW) it was; all so quietly done, and those counsel are such gentle manly creatures. There was nothing to pffend the mostSensitive mind," ,,, : " Perhaps notj but 1 am glad Dulcie was eut of it," 'replied Sir, Everard, gravely. " May I offer you my arm F" He led the; lady to her carriage,, which was waiting in front of the assize court. • " Shall I drive you home ?" asked Mrs; ■Aspinali, when she was seated in ier snug brougham. " It won't . be far out of my way to go through Austhorpe." s 1 . "You are very good/ but I have my horse here, and I must ride home as fast as I can to dress for the Sheriff'b dinner." :; <• You are going to : dine with Sir Nathaniel?" ^ •'Yes, lam to meet the judge and the leading counsel." : r " And vouwill have a delightful opportu nity of talking over the trial. .1 quite envy you. ShallvouTidehome byAusthorpe-lane> past the scene of-the murderi?" . v " Naturally, since that is the shortest way and the best road." :; " Have you not a vague fear: of seeing Walter Blake's ghost as you pass the spot to-night?" .^. i . ■ ... ; "1 have passed the apot-mny time for ;he last twenty years, arid have seen no "But this evening, when your mind is full of the poor man, might not imagination conjure up his image ?" i It. -T leaxro tW-orijnymBnt of a invid imagi nation to your more impressionable sex, Mrs, Aspinali. Mine is not lively enough to" shape puorBlake's ghost out of the mists of!evening," • • " Shadews to-night have struck more terror to the soul of Richard than can the 'substanceof ten thousand soldiers," quoted -Mrs. Aspinali, laughingly. " Are you made of;sterner stuff than crook-backed Dick? But you have not his guilty conscience) and bhat makes all the difference. /When are -you-going to- bring Dulcie to dine with me 1 ■ ,■ « Whenever you like to ask us." . ' .. /.'IBut that is always. You haveastand ing invitation to drive over and dine at the •Towers in a friendly impromptu way, and you never come. k You are asked to formal Pinners, and you have always-some excuse ifor refusing. You are a positive hermit" 1 \- : " I own to a love of my own fireside, -but ! like pleasant society also. ' May I bring Dulcie' tc-morrow, if ;yoii • are going to be at home ?'-" "I shall be charmed " '/:The .usual, quarter, to .eight, I sup " Yes, good night. I am so1 glad." . They ahook hands, and the brougham, drove off, leaving Sir Everard .standing in iiont of- the assize court, the observed of the little crowd waiting to see the.nota bilities come out. He walked briskly off ; to he Peacock to get his horse, and: found ; Mo:tpn Blake in the stable yard oh the . samj errand. ; : \ V - " ^eU, Morton, aia you satisfied now ?" he atked. ■•/■. : " Tes, I suppose . X am satisfied, and yet; -I haw a curious feeling of incompleteness in the whole thing, as if there'was some , thing pet wanting—as if we, h&d; reached . only a preliminary stage in the .discovery of th? truth. Can. there be anything be hind,do you think) Sir Everard?: Had this man aiy accomplice ? Was he'the tool of , a greafer villain ?" : . • ; : " My.dear Mpfton, the. whole story seems very ob7ious and commonplace to the last degree—a starving wretch by the wayside— ; brutalised by 'ignorance and want—ready to comnit any crime in order to prolong: . his wormess'life. /' ^ " . . "My mind has been troubled by .the counsel's suggestions of a deeper motive— a. mystery underlying - the apparently commonplace story." ".My dear fellow, the counsel was paid ■ to talk. He had to set up some kind of, a defence to suggest a doubt where there was no room for doubt. Having, no case, and being a man of small experience, he indulged his uiatoncal powers at the 'expense of commonsense. Shall we ride home to gether /. " If you please." . , Their horses had been brought out by this time. They mounted and rode ..under the old archway, beneath'which: so many a; stage coach had rattled and rumbled in the days before railways. They ..rode, slowly through :the narrow town to thewide. high roadybordered on each side by grassy strips of; waste land, from which 'Austhorpe-lane diverged. ' :.. . -"Th^ after they left' the;town, and only pulled up "their horses as they approached ; Blatchmardean > copse, near the scene of-the murder. 1 • •' :.r '' My dear Morton, it grieves me to see ^qu So pie8.se:d," said.Sir Everard, .'as'bhey wopb.- 'VAJl has been: done that can be done;justice: -is .satisfied. Why should the loss- and- sorrow of ;twentyyearsago,vthegrief ofyphifchild hood1,'be suffered-'tq'/clpud^yput ! witHvgfi^pm^ j.li^flq cijmcie ryour mind.io.: ;one,; afi-abBorbingijideai i She haS'V'had'-very/little happineBS/fooinssyQuf 'Society ,6ince her last' sad-biithday;":5i:;i .151 ! 'I'-Jinow T -aim1 wrongy^ ahstteled the younger man, "I have brooded too much upon the past. But now, as you say, justice "will be done? I; otight'to bp satisfied.1 I fancy that no son,- whose father—a ldvihg and beloved fatheri—dijad-' as mine died? could'ever completely''put's'side his. grief for that loss.J But I will-not? yield in! ah immahly?way to that morbid5 feelipg;* My -' father isWehged. That ought to he enough' for. me. I hope youunderfltahd that through all the trouble and excitement hf the lbst six weehs my love for Dulcie has hot; been a jot the less real ahd'true because t have ■ Kept myself aloof from her;' I would not cloud her fair young life with my sorrow, and I could hot take life lightly or pleasantly during that period of suspense. - To-night I will put all trouble out of my mind, _ and will make myself happy, in my darling's spciety." t ; 1 This was said vrith a manly frankness, of which Sir Everard could but approve; They bad passed the scene of the murder while' Morton was speaking, and his companion saw the young man's shrinking glance at the weedy ditch, the'steep hank, and the pollard oak above it, whose hard branches Btopd sharply out against the grey evening sky—a' perpetual sigh to mark the fatal spot. - - "What a happy evening that was for ■ gentle Dulcie. - She was hear the gate waiting for her father's coming as the two men rode into the avenue—a graceful little figure in a furred jacket, with the pale gold of her hair just visible under a coquettish little fur hat.' Morton alighted quickly, and was by her side before she had recovered from her sur prise at seeing him, - " I thought you were never coming here any more," she said, it being something less - than a week since his last visit. - ■' ■'; - " I did not care to come often while I had trouble on my mind, Dulcie. _ But now it is all' over, I am your slave again;" • "Is the poor man going to be hanged P" asked Dulcie. 71 i ! • "Yes." ' •. - "lam " she was' going to say. sorry, but checked herself, warned - by Morton's angry glance, and slipped heir hand lightly under his arm as they walked side by side to the house. "I am glad your suspense and trouble are over," she concluded. "We have only h;ilf-an-hour to spend with you, Dulcie," said Sir Everard.. " I have to dress for the.sheriff's dinner, and I daresay Morton is anxious to get home and tell his people the result of the trial." _ " I am never anxious to leave Dulcie," answered Morton, "but I have no doubt my womenkind are impatient for tidings." "I shall just have time to give you some, tea," saidJ)ulcie. ".Poor things, how tired and worn out you must be. Did you j get. any luncheonP" . . -i i ' " There was an interval for luncheon, but neither Morton nor I ate any." " Then you shall have Some sandwiches. Our cook has a particular talent for sand wiches. She is almost, as good as a Ger man. I- suppose you know that the Ger mans have; a, hundred and . fifty different kinds of. sandwiches, Morton,?" . " I blush to say that I was unaw.are of their profound art in that line." " Oh, they are a great people. The greatest Egyptologists, fiddle-players, and cooks. in t1 O world." . . ' " Provided always.that you like German cookery?'said Morton. \- Dulcie was in high spirits, delighted.at getting her lover hack, again, forgetting for ; once in her life to he sorry for a woe that came within her ken. She.gave Scroope : her orders about the tea. It • was to be something, sumptuous in the way of after noon teas. There were to he sandwiches and cake; and some of those grapes which were* just now in their highest beauty. There was a noble fire of logs in Dulcie's room, a blaze'that lit up the pots and pans : and dark oak walls, and Japanese cabinets andhigb-art piano. Thedouble octagon table : was drawn bear the hearth, the tea tray Trno * tboro already; kn old silver circular tray, on a fringed crimson and white damask cloth. Everything : that wasn't Japanese was early English, or at least as early as Queen Anne's time. Never did a room look prettier or more comfortable on a cold winter evening. ■ ■ ■ ■ Morton'went to-his favorite chair in the 'shadowy; corner screened • by the angle of the pillared chinnieypiece; and seated him self with an air ;of unqualified enjoyment. He forgot everything except~ that he was with Dulcie. > • : . Sir Everard sank into his.deep armchair without a word. -'He left the young people to he happy after their 'own manner.. But ; with'Dulcie her father waB alwkys fore most. ■ -1 - ? ;' ' • " How tired you look, dearest?' she said, •leaning over, him and- taking' his hand, "; and how -feverish your hand is.J Such a long day, and the ride borne in the cold, have: been too much for you." " Yes, dear, I am rather' -tired. The atmosphere of thecourt was horrible,enough 'to cloud any man's brain.- - No wonder there is a gbod deal bf nonsense italkedm law courts occasionally. The counsel are1 half asphyxiated. Don't-look so anxious, Dulcie. I am only tired. There iB nothing, else amiss with me. : ^ , :*' "You had better not go to the dinner, father." •/." " My love, the dinner will do me good. I want the reaction of lively sbfciety' after the. gloom of'to-day."' ' 1 : " "Do you .mean that -the. judge- and the counsel will he lively, papa—the judge, after having condemned 'a-man to', be hanged?" : • : "Do you think'they Lought; to be in mourning for him, Dulcie; or that the jiidge should wear the black "cap at dinner ?" ^. ; ; ''. "No, papa, but I cannot imagine any judge " with proper feeling going-into society and making - merry- after having doomed a man-to death." • i : ; • " Poor Dulcie. The judges are' made of harder stuff than little girls'like you.- They go into society, and eat and drink, and talk wiselyor wittily,1 as the case may be"; and I believe the hanging judges always eat the best dinners." :o Dulcie' sighed^ and began to pour out' the tea. Morton, who in her smiles'had for gotten all Mb troubles, did ample justice to the German ; sandwiches - and hothouse giapes,. and drank numerous cups of tea— or perhaps, .as- the 'pretty Japanese.-cups were very- small:and shallow, it may be said that. he drank one- dish .of tea in several instalments, i Sir Everard would ■eat- nothing.;nHe:'lay .back in: his chair, silent, prostrate, after the excitement of the day. - . - i . i ;. (2'ole{Kmtinuei.)i,i \ 