INQUESTS. SUICIDE OF MR. G. S. BUTTER. The melancholy death of Mr G. S. Butter at his residence in Short-street on Monday formed the subject of an inquest at the European Hotel, High-street, yesterday afternoon. The following evidence was adduced:- Christina Butter deposed that the deceased George Sutter Butter was her husband. He was 62 years of age, and was in robust health. Lately he had been in monetary difficulties, and was very despondent, and appeared to be very peculiar in his manner. He came home on Monday morning between ten and eleven o'clock, and took his boots off and lay on the sofa. He was at that time unusually cheerful, and he went outside saying he would take a drink of water. He returned to the sofa and witness left the room. In a few minutes Mrs. Downes, a friend who was present, called out to witness that the deceased had taken poison. Witness rushed in, and immediately sent for a doctor. In the meantime the deceased gave witness a letter, of which the following is a copy :- "Short-street, Sandhurst, 21st June, 1880. My dear Lena, - On the 3rd of this month I have been 62 years in this world, and during that period I never thought that I would have to come to the conclusion that I now have done, and that is to destroy myself, for I see nothing before me but poverty and starvation. Come from a state of affluence to one of beggary. One of your parents has kindly offered to take you and our dear little ones, but my parents have gone before me, and now I follow them, but truly sorry at the manner it is done, the only case I ever heard of among my relations. God bless you, dearest Lena, guide and protect, and provide for you and our dear little ones. You see, however, anxious I am to provide for them and you, I cannot get it to do, having no funds, and when I ask money, I get none, and ask labor, I am too old, hence the issue, I have now come to. Bury me on the right side of my dear old mother, then she will have me on her right, and our dear little baby on her left. God for- give me my rash act, and grant me forgiveness of my sins. Before leaving this world I wish to put a note of remembrance on record of some of my kindest friends, who have shown and done me many actions of good, viz., our reverend and much esteemed minister, the Rev. James Nish. If the church knew his kind and generous heart as well as I do, many would have a different opinion of him. His lady and family are ex- amples to the city. Dr. James Boyd and his lady have shown much kindness to me, and my wife and family. Thomas Hope Henderson has acted to me as a brother, and a brother mason. W. G. Jackson has always stayed by me when money was wanted, and I have received assist- ance from Messrs. A. Bayne, J. B. Watson, and others. For it I return my sincere thanks. John McIntyre, M.L.A., has also been a staunch friend of mine. I thank him for it. Now for a word to my fellow com- mittee and brethren of the church. The session will be found my sphere, and except to bless them, which I do. Keep in unison and peace till our beloved pastor returns, and keep the Rev. Mr. Groundwater among you, who is doing so well, till then. I have been about 20 years a member of the church. Used my best abilities for her welfare inside, and did my best to adorn it with trees, flowers, and shrubs out side. When the committee would do nothing to improve its barren appearance in the early days I set to work, and you see the issue. It seemed like a duty for me to do. Now, as my time is very short in this world, I leave my blessing, which I hope is the blessing of God, with you. Amen and amen. - Geo. S. Butter. Again I regret my rash act, but I see nothing else for it. God is good, and it is said will for- give our worst sins, for He says: 'Seek and you shall find, knock and ye shall open; if your sins be as scarlet I will make them as white as snow, etc. And he that cometh to me with a broken and contrite heart I will not despise.' God grant it may be such with me and mine, and protect my dear wife and little ones. My friends will not see them want. Now God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, grant me thy countenance and thy blessing thou one good God, and Christ my elder brother, who died for me, amen and amen. - Geo. S. Butter. P.S.- I have no wish for a post-mortem examination, as I have taken strychnine from Holdsworth, and that is the cause of death. - G. S. B." Witness administered strong emetics before the doctor arrived, but deceased expired within half an hour after taking the poison. Janet Downs, married woman, deposed that she called on a visit to Mrs. Butter on Monday morning. Was present when the deceased re- turned home. He appeared excited. He said " I have no chance for the situation I have sought, as I am told I am too old." Witness rose to go, but he detained her. He lay down on the couch, and said he would not live till four o'clock. He exclaimed "Oh God forgive me all my sins." Witness said "Have you taken anything, Mr, Butter?" He threw his boots off, and Mrs. Butter left the room to pre pare a hot drink for him. When she was away deceased said he must get a drink, aud went out for some water. Witness again asked if he had taken anything, and he said "Yes." Dr. Eadie was sent for, and promptly attended. Everything was done that appeared to be necessary under the circumstances. Dr. Eadie stated that shortly after eleven o'clock on Monday morning he was called to see the deceased. Was told he had taken poison, and administered emetics. Deceased was per fectly conscious. He showed witness the bottle he had taken the poison from. The bottle was labelled "strychnine poison," and had Mr. Holdsworth's name on. He asked witness what the effects of the poison would be. Witness had scarcely replied, when he was taken with violent spasmodical convulsions. He said he had taken as much strychnine as would poison a dozen rats. Witness used the stomach pump with effect, and he rallied somewhat, but refused to take any more medicine in the shape of emetics. He expired in about half an hour. Witness had made a post-mortem examination of the body. There were no external marks of violence. The stomach contained about a pint of fluid. The lungs were slightly congested. The heart was healthy, but the ventricles were empty. There was no trace of strychnine in the stomach. Tne pupils of the eyes were dilated about three times the ordinary size. The cause of death was asphyxia, the result of paralysis of the muscles of respiration caused by strychnine, which no doubt the deceased had taken as described. To the jury: Witness was aware that deceased was formerly of unsound mind. Witness did not think he was sane when he took the poison. J. H. B. Holdsworth stated that the strychnine was purchased by the deceased from him on Sunday, about half-past one. Witness sold him 15 grains. He said he wanted it to poison rats. He signed his name in the "poisons sales book." He had purchased strychnine before from witness, who knew him well. The coroner, in summing up, said he thought there was evidence to justify the jury in saying that the deceased committed the act while in a state of temporary insanity. A verdict was returned to the effect that the deceased committed suicide by strychnine poisoning, while in a state of temporary in- sanity. DEATH FROM APOPLEXY. An inquest was held yesterday at the Mount Edgecombe Hotel, Quarry Hill, on the body of John Glen, whose death was referred to yester- day. The evidence adduced showed that the deceased complained on sickness on Sunday. His wife and daughters went to church in the evening and left a little boy, six years old, with the deceased. On their return home the deceased was found lying in bed, quite in- sensible. Some neighbeprs were called in, and Dr. James Boyd sent for. Deceased never re- covered consciousness, and expired at twenty minutes to seven o'clock on Monday morning. He received every care and attention from his wife and others. He was addicted to the excessive use of intoxicating drink. Dr. James Boyd stated that he found the deceased quite unconscious on his arrival. He made a post-mortem examination of the body of the deceased, and found the cause of death to be sanguineous apoplexy. A verdict to this effect was returned by the jury. HEART DISEASE. An inquest was held at the hospital yesterday morning, on the body of a Chinaman named Chum Wein, who died in the institute on Sun- day morning. The deceased had been employed by a countryman as a gardener at Echuca. He recently became ill, and Dr. Crossen advised his removal to the hospital. He was well looked after, and had plenty of food. He was in a dying condition when admitted, 'Dr. Welchman made a post-mortem examina- tíon of the body, and deposed that the cause of death was disease of the heart. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical evidence. 