| Tim Martin's Leap. A Legend. Bv F. M. Legends of Australia have not a lengthened number. The early times wherein legendary lore should be born are pass ing rapidly away , and the practical if modish forms of modern civilization are pushing and penetrating to the remotest bounds of the great land that, but so few decades back, was altogether wild and strange. The old race is passing, and not as "the cloud rack of the tempest," but rather as the unformed mist-like clouds of a summer's morning in the uplands, evanishing into nothing even while we gaze. How very barren of romance is the traditional history of the aboriginal race ! As beasts of the forest they lived, and and in like manner die, leaving us no legacy but their un housel'd bones. Yet merely some stock of material for the weaver of romance, as for the artist and the poet, has been left by those those heroes of our recent though wholly bygone j uies, the pioneers who wont out upon the land to conquer and subdue it — by the old squatting race who rode, and drank, and laboured hard, who in the end gathered the rvest of their sowing, and went down to rest in luxurious ease, laid finally to sleep in softly lined graves, beneath columns of marble or granite, attesting their many Christian virtues, which in the course of their lives were perhaps not very clearly per ceived, but saying nothing of the many wild years, heroic efforts, and manly deeds which truly made them that they were, and which, with them, seem utterly forgotten and lost. And something should remain to be recorded of that grand old race of stockmen, rude and wild and brave, true sons of the wilderness, as far removed from the civilization of the world as the Bedouin upon the sands of Arabia, or the un conquered Tartar on Asia's central wilds. Seldom did this ancient stockmanjgather harvest of his toils. Taken unawares by a savage ' bucker '' on the plains, pinned by a bullock in the yards, speared bv a blackfellow in the scrub, struck down by fever and ague or some other of the many deadly sicknesses of the bush, he went out to the unexplored land, died and was buried, fenced in beside his forsaken hut, the | last old horse leaning across the rail to crop the long grass upon the grave. And stores of quaint grim humour, and often tragic incident lies hid in the lives of those wiry old sinners, whose shadows are daily becoming less, whose lives increased through years of crime and suffering, of toil, de bauchery and distress, yet who outlived by many years the appointed three-score and ten, who died, and die daily, even as the blackfellows in the bush, uo man caring how or where. Yet these old outlaws performed many strange feats. What would be said of the man who should stand without the gates of some European city, of Calais say, or Havre, or Marseilles, his worldly belongings gathered in a neat bundle before him, his pockets empty; his only means of sustaining life some little stock of tea, sugar, and flour — wlio should say, ' It'6 put through and there's nothing here, I'll go up to Berlin, Jemmy is cooking there, and he'll give me enough to get through to Vienna ; I may get a job there; and if not, must push on to Moscow and out east; sure to be something there?' Yet it seems quite natural when a bushman turns out of Sydney , or Melbourne, or Bathurst, or Ballarat, his last shilling spent, a lifetime's gatherings rolled neatly in his swag, and speculates upon travelling out to the Murray, or the Darling, and thence to the Warrego or the Baloune, and so west to the Iriamantina, or north to the Flinders. The old bushmen of Australia did these things many times^ and do them still, and with a lighter heart than the English tradesman who leaves his native town to go twenty miles in search of a job ; or the German youngling, who, with affec tionate and oft-repeated Lebe-wohi, departs with light knapsack, but heavy heart, to gain the experience of his wanderjahren. I thought of these things one starlight summer night as we camped with a flock of sheep in the mountains about the head of the Snowy River. I asked, ' How is it that our land is thus barren of romance ? Do not our lives, our history, give themes in abundance ? Have wc not moun tains, grot6, and dells, where fairy queens might reign in sovereign splendour, wild waterfalls where KAhleborns might spout and Undines sparkle to all who had eyes to see, strange caves on near and fertile inland rivers, and far away on wilder Yarran-go- bilhi, where stalactite and stalagmite sparkle in mystic light and magic splendour, wherein with fitting pomp the king of all the gnomes might reign ? How is it that no fairies dance nor syrens ring, no land or wasser-gersten lend zest of terror to our dark and secret dells, that our poet and story tellers are few in number, and sad or silent? Easy perchance to find many a sound and practical reply, but on that summer's night through thought came answer, ' It is that the love of man and woman is the natural parent of all romance. In those early days you were alone in the world that held no mate for you, and thus, in many respects, your lives were meagre and bare.' Most true, alas! Without that dear society, meagre and bare are our lives at the best. It was a strange train to fire, and fancy went back in wild long flights to old days, when we were not alone, to faces and memories of lo&t; loves, old and new. Ia no case, j perhaps, worth following far, but just then broken very j abruptly by words which proved the beginning of that some thing I'have ventured tocali a legend. j ' 1 fell you he will not camp at Tim Martin's Leap.' It was our cook who spoke, an ancient of the good old sort, and to him replied a youngster stretched out before the logs. 'Why not? Ifs the best camp I've seen, and the next place is Simons's shanty, five mile on.' ' Didn't matter if it was fifty, M'Leod would't camp at the Leap.' ?' Why not ? ' ' Ask' him.' ' What should I ask him for ? Tell me yourself ; you know.' ' I know what I know, and M'Leod knows what heknows, and perhaps, if everybody knew as much — dy'c see - ' and the old reprobate twitched round his necktie till the knot came beneath bis left car, and inferred an action that might in his own case have been performed with advantage many years before. The youngster's curiosity became intense at this display. ' It's aflat game thinking, sonny,' theold sinnerresumed. This much I've heard, and Know to be true. _ Fifteen years ago one Tim Martin went down over that cliff and came up again a heap of battered flesh and broken banes. M'Leod was with him , and two more. They had money, and perhaps four was too many in it, or perhaps Tim Martin went down the cliff to gather daisies, and slipped, or perhaps his horse slung him, only for five years before he was the best rider in the back country ; or perhaps he was helped down. They had money, I say, but I don't say how they got it. Nobody was lost and never found in those days, eh ? and nobody turned out before Morgan. Get M'Leod to camp there, and j I'll tell you it was all square.' _ J ' He says there are warrigals there,' replied the i youth, ' and they might get the horses away and make the sheep break camp.' ' See those same warrigals yourself,' replied the old one, thrusting his face close over to the boy. ' Look down that cliff at midnight and if you don't sec devils and smell hell, call me a square-head and a fiat.' ' I'd look down and go down,' replied the youth, sceptical as these bush cornstalks usually are *of things unseen. ' You've been on that track with blue-devils, doctor, and got scared of the nforo.' The doctor disdained a reply, but smoked vigorously at his pipe, looking most villanously wise. He was evidently offended, and not inclined to cast down more pearls of infor mation to be thus contemptuously trodden under foot, I waited in vain to glean more information of this darkly hinted tale, which amused, but certainly did not trouble me, for my old friend Mae stood very high in my estimation, and our '* doctor,' as I knew, was one of those who, having followed crooked courses from his boyhood, believed firmly that no man of his own free will helS to the straight, and loved of all things to vilify an honest man. Still, if there was any truth in the story, and the old axiom, 'ex nihilo,' &c.;, is true of such stories as of all things eke, it was strange j that in the many yarns with which the old man had j beguiled our night-watches this name of Tim Martin had never been mentioned. I awaited his return that night lying down by the logs in that pleasant state of wakeful dreams one enjoys so well stretched at ease by a great bush fire. He had gone to a neighbouring station, and it was, mid night ere the beat of horses' hoof6 on the rocky road became mixed in my dreams with the ghost of Tim Martin and bis horse cutting caracoles in the smoke and i flame. Lookingup, I saw M' Leod rideslowly about the camp, halt for a moment, and speak with the shepherd on watch, then ride right on to the fire, his grand old face lighting up while he nearcd the flames till the free, fearless, kindly nature seemed to shine out in every line, and he might have been modelled as a patron saint for all bushmen, the ruddy fire-light glowin' for an aureale about his head. ' Ye're reading yc'r horoscope, tadh ' ' No,' I replied ; ' I was waiting for vou.' ' I mind o' a lass said the same ; 'tis forty years gone. Deil tak the women. How fast thev haud by us, youug and old.' ' Why didn't you marry that lass and give the world the advantage of more men like yourself, and women fit to be good men's wives?' ' A verra pertinent question, and requiring a verra lengthened reply. Would ye line an auld man lnakiu' blather o' lassies love — lassies that now should be grev auid wives wi' the second generation about their knees ? 1 married a manv thincs i' mv voune (lavs. lad. In the first place, an o'er strong desire' to roam upon the face of the earth, which is a bride from whom all the law-lords o' the universe can grant no divorce ; and, secondly, in moderation and wi' no beast-like passion, did I marry mysel' to an honest love o' guid Scots whisky, wi' a' pains and penalties incurred thereby. Draw the cork o' that bottle — the deil's in it, but see ye no waste it for a' that. Auld Simon's shanty is but a mile from the station track, an' I rin roun' by the way home, thinkin' ye meicht be the better o' a dram.' We were both very speedily ' the better o' a dram.' 'Deil's i' the whisky,' reflected the old man again, shaking his head solemnly, and looking into the bottom of the empty pannikin — ' Deil's i' the whisky, an' the desire o't, as now near twenty years syne puir Jim Martin sorely found.' This unexpected repetition of a now familiar name startled me, and I spoke incautiously. ' I want to hear of this Martin. Who was he ? How did he die ? ' 'What kin ye o' Tim Martin, laddie? To my know ledge his name has ne'er had mention between us.' ' Only some infernal nonsense the cook was taking to night, of why the place bore its name, though he threw out ugly hints of foul play on your part, which of course I did not'believe, although I had a notion to have choked him for them ? ' ' Which would have been but a verra foolish proceeding, seein' the doctor is in no degree responsible for the mis deeds o' my bygone days, nor indeed for his manner o' renderin' tnem, and in a truth, laddie (I speak it wi' sorrow an' regret), am I in some manner guilty o' Tim Martin's death.' He was silent again, and, knowing his manner, I awaited patiently till he should tell the tale. Another dram, and then — ' I'll speak o' yon time wi' ye, lad, though it's past the turn o' the neicht, but the whisky will haud us through. ' Achteen years syne this January month, Tim Martin, his brother Jim, George Douglas, and mysel' rode down to this hill— to this spot, as I may say, for it's the auld camping ground— turned out our horses, and sat down to damper an' tea, an' a eodly conversation o' leein' an' blasphemy, as the manner o' bushmen is. We had money at the time, made by trapping warrigals on the northern plains, many of whom went to India, to the confusion of the neck- joint« o' mony o' her Majesty subjects there, as I hae guia reason to believe. 'But that ane in any uiot most fully possessed o' Satan Tim must ever keep tohimsel'. A gran' rider Tim, an' wi' fair play beyond the power o' any created beast to throw ; but the mare he rode this time cam' o' no mortal stock. Two blackfellows she killed, and went through trap yards as a ghost through the key-holes o' a haunted kirk. At the last I caught her with a lariat o' hide. I mind it weel, trying to play the part o' a heathen savage, an' wi' moderate success. I rode across her as she broke from the mob, flung out the line, an' hae little memory o' aught else beyond a sort o' confusion o' dragging an' hauling upo' the plain wi' a wee deil till ilka hair o' my head, and fourscore as I sud j udgc, to each separate finger an' toe, the which was verra true, seein', as I have said, the mare cam' o' nae mortal breedin', an' was dootless heipit i' the struggle by a' her kith and kin. The rope held fast by her neck, lad, 'and, grippin' me by the thigh, 1 was dragged from the saddle and carried along for aboot twa mile. But the weight o' a guid Christian man upo' the en do' a twenty-yard rope had by this time bound the noose so close to her wezand that the muckle deil himsel' could nae mair blaw breath till her lungs, an' she went down, to the ease o' my body an* mind. Next I remember awakenin' i' the gloaming wi' a sensation o' mony strange bones in a' part o' my body, an' liftin' my head frae the saddle, a sight o' the beastie upon the plain, Tim Martin lookin' weel to every fastenin' o' the tackle, an' preparin' to mount. His brother grippit her by the ear, bringin' his arm down to the back o' her eye ; Tim gathered the reins, and in a second was on her back, his knees fast into her ribs, as the jaws o' a blacksmith's vice. No fear o' Tim then. The mare stood a moment wi' four legs planted out, an' ears laid back upo' her mane, then made one tremendous bound, tryin' every inch o' the tackle, an' anitlier to shake everyjointo'aman's back-bone; but all held good. Tim's chin was up, an' his shoulders square as a guanls man's on parade ; the spurs laid just feelingly upo' her ribs. She sidled a second maybe ; then, as to make tull surrender, brought up head an' ears, an' broke in a gallop across the plain. There was something altogether uncanny in sick work, as I remarked to Tim the day following ; he laughed wi' the rest, an' said the maist uncanny sight he e'er saw j was my unlucky body at the rope's-end chasing the deil upo' the plain. Puir Tim, he was aye merry an' daft like. I made note o' that mare's actions through the next day, and saw always tokens o' cunning that natural beastie should ne'er possess. Missing nae opportunity, she tried the strength o' tether ropes, hobbles, an' a' tackle brought to bear on her training, reed them once, and ne'er again made no freens o' other horses, but just watched an' waited the timeo' her master's work. She had nae the look o' Christian or earthly breeding ; her colour was strange — an iron grey, that could hardly be named from black, an' itiaue an' tail o' a yellowish white ; an' her ee, Lord save us!— as ye looked intill it there could be nae mair doot. I* spoke to Tim aye morn as we were aboot startin' for Sydney, thinkin' to make thence to new country in the north. I said, and wi' guid an' kind intentions, ' Tim, I'll gie any decent price for five minutes' dealing wi' yon beast, ye takin' a' responsibilities o' my actions.' ' Do ye mean to make me faither o' a' yer weans ?' he asked. 1 1 would save ye frae speedy an' certain destruction,' I replied, 1 and wi' an oonse o' lead would send yon deil to her forbears an' freens.' ' They laughed all, and Tim replied, joking as ever, ' Oh, Sandy, old man, that journey on the rope's-end has wofully softened your skull, or otherwise ye bear an' awful malice, Sandy. He would shoot you, Mavourneen, shoot you, eh,' and he laid hands gently upon her, while she leaned to him in fausc show o' affection an' re- j gard,asisthe maimer o' a' female fiends layin' traps for the bodies an' souls o' men.' * Whv, Sandy, what's happened all the teaching o' yer youth ? I've leaped her o'er half the running creeks o' the country, an' she grew no horns or tail. See I mak the sign o' the cross on her foreWd, an' she does not flinch. If I said a paternoster in hei- ear, she would smile pleasantly, as MacDougal's wife when ye spake kindly o' her brose.' This, wi' muckle mair fule-like haverin' talk, for he was just demented wi' the beast, an' sought could control him. 'Not many days later we left upon our j ourney , and came, as I have said, to this camp by sundown. Now, Tim Mar tin's Leap is nine miles frae this upon the track, and Simon's shanty four miles farther still. We had talked for an hour, maybe at first in a reckless blasphemous way, but latterly wi' softer words and upo* mair Christian subjects than are often handled in camp — him speakm' o' home', o' sister, an' sweethearts, even o' hismither, if I make no mistake, when a sort o' strange uncanny silence came upon ub (ye've seen the same yerscl', lad), and no man spots f or aa hour or more, till the moon rose near the full, an' I»oking down toward# the-water, we saw all the hwses feeding quietly at ease, all but 'yon spouse o' Apollyon, who, within fifty yards o' th» tamp', stood looking steadfastly towards us, an evil eye upon all, but more especially upon Tim. The seicht o' her filled me wi' mony savage temptations, and while I looked, a memory o' Simon's shanty, but fourteen miles ahead. ' There's whisky there,' I said, an* aloud it would seem, for Tim made answer—' Where. Sandy? Not in heare* at least ? for sure, ve were looking that sober, Sandy, I thought ye were min'din' o' yer latter end. But where is the whisky, eh V ' ' I looked still at the mare, and replied, Yon beast, iun, will bring ye by your latter end, an' wi' avrfu' suddenness, or I have nae power o' second-sight ; but the whisky I spoke o' is at the sliantv bv the cross roads, no more than an hour's ride from this.' ' 'Then by the ghost of your grandmother, Sandv,' he said, ' we drink it to- night,' and he went for his bridle. The daft-like notion pleased us all. The horses were close by, an' in but a few minutes we were out upon the road — Tim Martin ahead, the she-devil beneath ^hiiu going grand and free, with mane an' tail tossin' in uncanny leicht, an' Tim sang out a stave o' a wild, free careless song. Puir Tim, but an hour before he spoke wi* holy respect o' his mither, an' a tear o' manly feeling stood in his ee. ' First over the gap,' he called, as we bad rode some miles on the road, an' shot ahead of us in a gallop. We saw him to the foot of the hill, we saw stones and fire fly as he rode through the creek an' on the mountain side ; I saw an* heard what I can ne'er describe, for many things cam' con fusedly to my mind in days after o' shouting and laughter an' wild fire flyin' through rocks an' trees. But on that night in question, as we crossed, the creek, rode up the brow of the spur, and round upon the narrow zigzags, we saw that which turned our bluid to ice. Full out in the moonlight, her feet propped on the cliff, the bridle rein hanging down from her head, stood that uncanny mare — no need tt- question what had happened. A glance at the opposite bank showed a rock displaced, black hairs with threads of clothing, and a trace of blood. Down below were broken boughs still swinging, and a fearfulchattering o' birds and bcaBties i' the trees. That deil, looking down weel content wi' her walk had sheed and crushed him upon the bank, then bucking as no created brute was able, had flung him headlong down the gorge. In passion and madness I fired at her, as she stood but five paces from me, lad — mark it weel — and in the smoke that followed was a wild flash o* light, an' a voice like thunder through rocks and trees — Tim Martin's mare was home Following the line o' broken boughs, we creepit down to the pit o' the gorge an' found atween the rocks o' tbe torrent bed a heap o' bruised and bleeding flesh, all left o' puir Tim. We watched there till the morning, the brother and I — he wi' many lamentations and childish prayers, mysel' in silence, but possessed o' many strange feelings. In my heart did I ken weel that my foolish speakingo' the shanty had led on the puir lad to his death, but then wi' guid cause and all earnest ness did I believe that mare to be nought less than a verra imp o' hell, and ofttimes through the neichtdid I walk to an' fro wi' a wild desire to ken mair o' this mystery, and, if possible, to fecht wi' this deil i' the cause o* the guid lad so foully slain ; but, as the natural parent o' a' liars and cowards the deil is at heart, lad, verra mean, an' will nowise s tan' out to fair fecht wi' an honest man. 'John Douglas came back fro' the shanty i' the morn, wi' Simon and others, but a priest could not be had for near tw» hundred miles, an' the puir corpse must needs to the oiay unblessed o' his church. We buried him there, ani split out a cross from a mountain ash near by, and we carved his name, wi' pious wishes o' eternal rest ; but the deil had strange power in that glen, an' wi' wintp'' rocks loosened on the mountains, and trees were brons iit down by the floods, so that grave an* cross were buried deep down from all mortal ken.' The old man panned a while, yet it seemed that his tale was not wholly done. I said we ought to go down to that grave »» we pass, and mark the date upon a living tree. Poor Tim Martin should not be altogether forgotten. He replied, ' And the tree would be blasted an' dead ere a month had passed, and the same deil dance gae forwaid wi' eveiy night. Ilae ye ony belief in ghuists, lad— in aught uncanny an' beyond human comprehension, I would say?' 'Would you bave me believe,' I ' replied, ' that aught, uncanny possessed Tim Martin's mare -that she was Satan personified, or something of the sort?' 'Will ye look wi' me doon yon cliff at the midnight an' give all due belief to what ye may see. nor seek to explain away plain facts wi* mony learned quibbles? ' I promised faithfully to see and to beliere, if aught appeared, and thus we arranged some following night to return to this haunted glen, and have, if possible, some intercourse with its familiar fiend. Camp sheep there he would not, though, I believe, more through fear of losing horses with the warrigals, who were known to fre quent the place, than in dread of any ghostly visitation ; and out sheep were safely folded some miles beyond the shanty, when two nights later we rode back, and an hour before midnight dismounted, and sat down to watch upon the edge of the cliff down which poor Tim Martin had gone in fatal descent so many years ago. It was a place well worthy of the possession of a familiar spirit, although by no means suggestive of that coarse, ferocious fiend who had done ignominious service in the shape of a beast, thereby to destroy one poor human life. Tne precipice sank sneer beneath us almost three hundred feet ; while through long bare glistening trunks of the gu.ms_ might be seen the vague forms of giant fern-trees, and in intervening breadths of light some glimpse of the mountain-stream, on the banks of which were planted the feet of the mighty opposing' hill — a great mass of intense blackness, rising above us almost to the central sky. Few sounds disturbed the intense stillness of the night — the ceaseless hollow murmur of the stream, the occasional weird call of some night-owl, and the guttural voices of the wandering bears. ' Watch well that glimmer o' leicht upo' the burnie, and the open space upon the brae above,' said the old man, who lit. his pipe and relapsed into silence. With keen, but sceptical persistence, I watched the burnie and the brae for perhaps half-an-hour, seeing nothing more startling than a monkey bear waddling down to the water, and the swiftly passing shadow of a inorepork flitting noiselessly through the narrow space of light. Then thought wandered from the brae away into fantasy and dreamland, so that I was in the company of ghosts and spirits innumerable, when a hand was laid roughly on my shoulder, and the old man's voice whispered close to my ear, ' Watch now, watch !' I sprang to my feet in an instant, and looking down at the creek, caugfit a glimpse of some suddenly flying forms, the stones flying with fire from beneath their feet, and the scrub crash ing as they vanished into the darkness of its shade. ' The brae ! the'brae! ' called the old man in loud cxcited tones, and looking up to the open ground, now all aglow with the moonlight, I saw a troop of most mysterious steeds. Black as night in their bodies and lower limbs, their manes and tails seemed to ,flash in the moonlight like waving crests of fire. We obtained but a most transitory glimpse, for with half-a-dozen strides they were within the shadow of the forest, and I was rubbing* my eyes in a state of perplexity, when old Sandy M'Leod looked down with the question— 'Ye saw them?' ' Yes, I saw* them.' ' Apollyon's self, beyond all reasonable doot.' ' Yes, if we allow Tim Martin's marc to have been Apollyon. Little doubt that was her, with some following of her stock. You said she was almost black, with silvered mane and tail, I think.' ' Ye think, and think. The Lord preserve us frae sic senseless unbelief ! If the Archangel Gabriel sud appear i' the lift there wi' a blast o' his muckle trumpet, 't would be nought wi' ye but fause leichts an* meteor flames, or haply a morepork far wandered. Still, if o' mortal breeding, yon beasties were worth trouble i' the trapping.' ' Even at the risk of netting Apollyon, eh ? ' ' Who's self meicht be a verra welcome prize to certain high an' holy men, seein' that mony ungodly lees take root, o' the deil bein' altogether deid, to the tightmng o purse-strings, an* the undoin' o' mony pious, though niav be a ween lazv men ; but, dcils or beasties, they're beyond onr ken the neicht, and Simon's whisky is a mair acceptable cordial than undiluted draughts o* the neicht dew upon these mountain'-* , . We rod« back to the shanty and the camp, but returns® nnoc more, and, descending to the long buried-grave carved, the initial letters of Tim's name, with the date of his death, upon a young and vigorous tree, with the emblem of b faith above and the kindly old R. I. P. below, waiclt. hitherto the fieuds have not molested. 