TOWNSVILLE. April 26. THE sittings of tho District Court were opened before his Honor Judge Hely on Monday last. Pierce Butler, a lad in the employ of James M'Manus, Herald office, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment for burglariously entering the office, and abstracting £3 from the de&k.; On Chong, a Chinaman, against whom there was a previous conviction, waa sent to prison, with hard labor, for thirteen calendar months, for larceny of money. Harry ll;\rfc, for Healing a horse, the property of Edward Bevan, sur veyor, was discharged, the jury in tui* on^e being locked up for ovt-r fix hours. Donald Hamilton was sentence! to eighteen calendar months in Brisbane Gaol, for stealing several articles of clothing, the property of Willi>iui Qreig, proprietor of " O:irlton's Ghost;" and Eva Wyndham, arraigned with the laßt prisoner, was discharged. The Victoria, 8 , arrived here on Wednesday evening last, several koura bokiud hor usual time, and conveyed for this port the Hon. J. M. Macrossan, Minister for Works ; Mr. Herbert, Commissioner for Railways ; Mr. Ballard, Engi neer-in-Chief Central aud Northern Railways, as well as his Honor Judge Sheppard and the legal fraternity who accompany him. Mr. Macrossan was met by the mayor aud several leading gen tlemen of the town, and, after inspecting the town the same night, proceeded on Thursday morning for Charters Towers, Mr. Willmett going with them as far as the eight-mile railway camp. The Minister for Works will inspect the railway line all the way to the Towers, and is expected to return here this morning. A depu tation of the Municipal Council will then wait upon him, but I bulieve his movements here will be very quiet,as lie leaves on Wednesday next for Cooktowu and the North. Great Bur prise is expressed by a number of the electors here at the flying viait Mr. Macrosaau has given his constituency, but as the hon. gentleman has important duties to attend to, awaiting his return at Brisbane, a longer stay could not very well have been ex pected. The Right Rev. Dr. Stanton arrived here last Wednesday evening from Bowen, and was wel comed at the wharf by a considerable number of persons. The exact time of his stay here is not yet known ; he id announced to preach at St. James' Church every Sund:iy till his departure. Mr. Clements, hydraulic engineer and town surveyor, arrived by the Victoria last Wednesday evening ; he commences his municipal duties on the Ist proximo. A cricket match between the Townsville and Cooktowu teams will shortly take place at Cook town. The sittings of the Supreme Court were opened on Thursday last, before his Honor Mr. Justice Sheppard. George Nicholas, a Greek, was charged with attempted murder. Considerable difficulty was experienced when this prisoner was arraigned, he stating he was thoroughly ignorant of the English language, which, however, proved to be only a sham, the defence being conducted by himself in rather an ingenious manner. He was found guilty, aud sentenced to three years' penal servitude. Mary Norris, for arson, was Bent to Toowoomba Gaol with hard labor for two years. Mowra, au aboriginal, charged with the murder of one George Newmani, was found guilty of manslaughter only ; and his Honor, looking at the surrounding circumstances, sentenced him to six months' hard labor. Two civil cases devoid of interest occupied the Court last Saturday, which completed the sittings of the Cirouit Court. A noticeable feature in the court-houße is the addition of a large punkah, extending across the room, which will now meet the wishes of those engaged around the professional table. A land Bale was held at the City Auction Rooms on Tuesday last, Smith and Walker, auctioneers. There were about seventy lots put up for sale, and the prices reached on Borne of these allotments were really fabulous. The ground required by the inhabitants is that por tion running parallel with the site of the new town hall, but as the Government are not yet ready to put this under the hammer they have substituted these lots on Melton Hill, evidently as a blind. Sun Kutn Toon and Co., Chinese merchants, have a very fine Btore in construction, and ap proaching completion, in Flinders- Btreet west. This end of the town appears to be a highly favored one, there being the telegraph office, new town-hall, and other buildings in the west end, not forgettiug the Q. N. Bank, a building that I am sure will compare very favorably with similar structures in our more advanced and wealthier southern cities. Mr. Clifton, senior principal of the firm of Clifton and Aplin Bros., has retired from busi ness, and is about to leave the colony. This gentleman has enjoyed the confidence of the people here since he has been in business, and his absence from our town will be a loss to Borne of our institutions, in all of which he took an active interest. 