EXPERIENCES OP AN EDINBUBGii DETECTIVE. By JAMES McGOVAN, Axtthob o» "Bbotjght to Bay," &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the Author. .. All rights reserTed.] Second Sebies.—No. XXVI, CAPTURING .A SPIRIT FACE. "I wish to give a false spirit in charge for annoying and. frightening me, .with in tent to ao grievous harm." The person who made this extraordinary speech, up in the side room in the Central Office, was neither mad-looking nor intoxi cated. She was a lady-like woman of some forty-five yearn, with, traces of beauty still lingering in her face, and a pair of firm lips, which emphatically proclaimed her a woman with a will of her own. Every one in the room, myself included, looked up in surprise; and then a quiet nod from the servant gave me the hint to " I beg your pardon, ma'am ?" I enquir ingly answered," hot quite sure that I had heard her aright. Again the curious statement came, out, without variation, except that after the words "false spirit," she introduced the word " face." " "Will you he good enough to explain 1" I helplessly responded, after a pause, during which I had a suspicion that my com panions were busy grinning behind hands, or books, or desks—anything that happened to be near, " We are not in the habit of arresting spirit faces, real or false, unless they can be placed conveniently within our reach. It is like the old cooking recipe— ' you must first catch your hare.' You j know the rest." A wrathful'cloud instantly settled on the face of our visitor, accompanied by a flash ing of the grey eyes by no means pleasant to behold, and evidently under the im pression that I was laughing at her in my sleeve—which was far from being the case —she sneeringly exclaimed—• " And do you imagine for a moment, sir, thatif I could catch the thing myself I would dream of troubling you? No, I have no wish for publicity, would give anything to avoid it, but this thing is getting beyond endurance, and will eat my life away if it be hot stopped." saw that the woman was fearfully in earnest, and, feeling sure that she was per fectly sane," drew her into another room, and then, after accommodating her with a seat, gravely said— " If you will tell me what, troubles you I will Boon let you know if we can help you by interfering. Had it been a good honest ghost, now, I daresay we might have done something, as we have, before done, but a spirit face ?—that is some thing entirely out of my line." " My name is Dundas, and I live in a half flat in "North St. Andrew-street with my two daughters, Maggie and Jane. . Taey are quiet young women, so we keep no set-; vant. I have, an annuity of £50, as well as the rents of some property which came .: to me from an aunt when I was hut twenty- , one, and this income suffices for our, sup port. I see you are beginning to wonder, why I tell you'all this, hut before I finish • you will admit that it was. necessary . that you should know. My girls were but chil dren when their father died, so simply hear my name, Dundas, which was my maiden name." ' . " How ? I do not quite follow: you," I demurringly remarked. "Was your hus band's name Dundaaalso ?" "No; hut I will explain that. We were engaged to each other when quite young. I was only sixteen—hut as I could get my aunt's property only if I remained unmar ried, and by swearing that! was so, we agreed to merely pledge ourselves to be man and wife, and not go through the cere mony. Of course we meant to go through the ceremony whenever I got the property and; annuity, but a few months before I came of age my husband was taken from me, and the plan was never carried out." What connection all this could have with being pestered by a " spirit face," whatever that could mean I utterly failed to compre hend; and I suppose the look of bewilder-, ment settling upon my. face told her so, for she quickly added— " What I wish you to understand is, that had I been married, or known to bemarried, the property and money would have gone to a cousin of mine then a mere baby," I nodded politely and said—"I under stand you," which was far from being the truth. " That cousin is still alive, and if it were discovered that I was married—if such had been the case—before I came of age, and made declaration on oath that I was single, this man would get the property, ana I should not only be penniless, but he forced to refund all I have used, if that were pos sible, during the twenty years that have since elapsed. I have thought proper to tell you all this first, just to see if your sus picions should rest upon the same person as my own when Ihaye told you all that I have suffered. "Onenight, afew weeks ago, while sleep ing alone as usual, I was awakened by a curious tapping at a glass window of four panes, which looks'from my bedrcom into the lobby of the house I occupy. This window indeed forms by day the only means of lighting the.lobby unless we were to burn gas. I cannot very well describe the sound which awoke me; as it ceased before I had fairly started Up in bed; but it re sembled Die tapping of the end of a light cane against the glass. When I was fairly awake, and sitting bolt upright in bed, I saw distinctly, though the bedroom was pitch dark, a pale, wan face—grim and corpse-like, and having a strong resemblance to my dead husband—gazing wistfully in on me from this little window." . "How could you see the thing if it was pitch dark ?" I ventured to enquire.. "That's the mystery. I don't know how I saw it, but the race seemed to have a light of its own—a greenish dim light, which shone across it like a faint moonlight. The light did not come from within the face, but shone upon it, though whence it came I could not guess. I am a believer in spiritualism, but though I have seen many wonderful apparitions, I can. truly, say that from the first I have had a suspiction that this is a false one." "Is it not possible that you dreamt the whole," I quietly suggested. " The thing did not speak, did it ?" " Not a word. It looked at me motion less and rigid, as near as I can guess, fox some minutes, then the greenish light streaming across the marble features gradu ally became dim, till it vanished altogether. The white face continued to gaze in upon me, as I imagined, even after the light was gone, hut happening to shut my eyes sharply to make sure that I was really awake I found that it too had vanished. For a moment or two I must have remained in a greatly, agitated state, sitting up. in. bed, and not sure, as you have suggested, .hut I had dreamt the whole; and then I started up with a loud cry, and ran off to my daughters' bedroom, roused them, and care fully searched the whole house in yain; fpr the intruder." ! : ^ " Well ; did the thing appear again P" T asked, with difficulty repressing a smile, at her fear-stricken face.v . ,u;; ;; • "It did, about a week later,' The: same strange; tapping on the glass aroused me . from sleep, the same, spirit faco gazed in updn'me|with the greenish light dimly revealing the features, hut this time it •poke. I do not know that Ireally saw the lips move. I rather think they did not move ; hut I certainly heard the words, spoken as they were in an unearthly whis per. 'Mary, I am unhappy,' it said, three per. — - .... ■ times in succession. Imade no response. 1 could not have spoken to save my life, but > l aB soon an the face had thus expressed* ; itself, it added— : : "'If you would help me, acknowledge r our marriage publicly. If you do not,won shall join me in .three months. It then gradually faded as before, and I started up and got my girls out of bed to search the house; but we not only discovered no one, but found every window and .door locked and fastened securely on the inside. So there you have the whole history of tho imposture." "It is a curious revelation, so far as it has gone, hut there are one or two points yet unexplained/' I returned, after a mo ment's reflection. " You clearly wish me to understand that the whole is a deception got up to frighten you into making a cer tain declaration P" " Yes, I do wish you to believe that as 1 do myself," .. And that this cousin of yours still alive would benefit by the declaration P" • - - " Precisely so." -• - "Then you suspect him to be the active^ ^ agent in the deception?" / _ - " You have hit my idea I" she exclaimed, with great eagerness. " If you go and1 - arrest him, 1 have not the slightest doubt ' hut my troubles will he at an end." • "Not so fast, please; we could scarcely , ; do that without some evidence implicating ' him; and, moreover, I am not so confident that he is the criminal. If I am wrong, o£ course, you have it in your power to set mo right, ffow, observe my point. You have stated that you did not go through the cere mony of marriage ?" "I have." ' „ The words came out prompt and clear, hut with a certain reserve, nevertheless, which I did not like. " Then is it because you know that there was no marriage between your husband and you that you suspect the reality of Ihe . spirit facer—in a word, because the spirit, in speaking of ' our marriage,' spoke of a thing which had never existed?" The countenance of my visitor fell,- and she was evidently unable to answer. . " Being unmarried—having no declava tion to make—you have nothing to fear from spirits of any kind," I enquiringly ; pursued. • •. ' " That question has nothing to do with . the fraud," she very acutely returned; after ! an awkward silence of some minutes^ dura-* • tion. It is that, and that alone, whiehyojx 1 | have to trouble yourself about." -r 7 -.. . ., " Oh, then, the spirit-face did speakthA : truth?" I exclaimed, with a new light . | breaking, in upon me.; "THere/was a v marriage?" ^ •• • • v 7 • I "1 did not say so," she cautiously ;; reserved, interrupting me. . V . ".There are many ways of getting { : married in Scotland," I quietly continued. "If' you. merely lived together,' andac -knowledged each other as husband and' ~ wife, you were legally married." "But we were particularly careful not - to do so," replied Mrs. Dundas, very promptly. " I lived with him as his house* ' keeper, keeping my own name till he died.". " Well,". I answered, rather staggered, "Imust say that your position was not an enviable one; considering that you? / Children " : ,, .... "I know what you would say—what tna , world says—that they arebastards. "Well, I; V do not think it worth while contradicting the statement." - ". " Could you do it if you did think it ; . worth while P" I abruptly asked. ' "Perhaps." Her lips closed shaiq>ly on ; the word, and I saw that I had again tres- ; passed on forbidden ground. Yet her very. ;; reticence spoke volumes. It convinced me' that she had gone through some forntof ' marriage—probably in; secret, and known . " to hut few beyond the principals—and as this conviction strengthened in my mind it ; led not unnaturally to one'more question. ■ ' " 1 see you do not wish to be communi cative, though I may tell you that you are • •1; taking the worst possible plan if you wish" the deception to be laid bare," T begani after studying a littlehow I could best put - ; the query. "But supposing, merely for the sake of illustration, that you had gone through some form of marriage, could the fact by any means have got to the ears of -. the cousin whom you suspect?"- '• , My visitor smiled confidently. ^ r-. "I should have been a dolt or ah idiot - ' not to prevent that," was her cautious but. ' emphatic reply; and I could see that she: considered her Becret safe. " But still, supposing that you know, might your girls not have betrayed the fact in some unguarded moment ?" " My girls know that I am not married, and nothing else," quietly and firmly re-;'; turned Mrs. Dundas; from which I inferred' that the marriage was known to no living being but herself. That she had been mar ried in some way, of course, I had^now not the least shadow of doubt, yet the inference ; from the newly-acquired knowledge was not a pleasant one. The same woman from whom I have extracted the information. was she who had deliberately sworn that she was unmarried, in order to inherit some - 7 houses and a paltry £50 a year. Some - persons have very elastic consciences, how ever, and she . had probably some mental ; clause bv which she qualified her oath * when making it. Yet the. statement nar rowed my ground for action almost hope lessly. If no one knew or suspected a mar-' • riage, how could they, for however great a _ prize, conceive and execute Such a decep- "; tion ? I began to fear that I should have; to allow the spirit face to have its own - way, and carry off Mis. Dundas to its home: in conformity with the threat—no great ' loss to the world, which depends a good ' ' deal upon people having a sacred awe and ; veneration for their oaths. " Do you expect a third visit from the thing?" I rather shortly enquired/ ' . " No; the last visit was a night or two ago. " How the last visit ?" "He said he would not appear again— ' would not be permitted to appear were the : words he used." .. • " Humph 1 a wise precaution, doubtless," was mv comment. " Just one word more. .. Did this spirit face say that it was yous ; husband, or did' you recognise it at a glance , " I recognised it at a glance. . " Forgive me if I appear irreverent in ' the question, hut how could , you possibly . recognise it after a lapse of twenty years? " V Was there no change ?" ' / ! " None; the: face was perhaps' a little , more corpse-like andpale—almost like wax , —but it was the very reflex of the portrait ; I have hanging in my parlor, and wMcIi,; f .. you can see if you wish. : c " Oh, you have a portrait of your hua- u band, then?" I quickly observed* " Aie. r you quite sure that what you saw . was Inqfiij ., simply the face of the portrait illuminated 7.: in some strange way ?" 7 ,_x "I am positivetbat it was BOfc. It was^S; 7 face I saw, with eyes and hose, and lips and . cbih-^not a mere flat painted surface." I was fairly puzzled, and did not'attempt, . to disguise the fact. As the case had. been; . 7 put before; me—andagreat deal , ' npoii thatH-it- appeared" one; cif thh.mqstrins;";.. [ 'explicable that had ever come under'my. Tr hotice/ahd I. wah strohgly^inclined lieve that a superstitious lwlief in^su^L^ yititants fromrtfie^^^s'Sen'wdrld,pbmbhied perhapB.vrith a' Conscience partly' aroused to ' . a sense' of wrong done in the^'past,'had caused my informant to simply imagine or dream what she had described. After eliciting soma further information I vaguely-promised-that 1-would do what-I could'for Mrs.:Dunda8,.and then bowed her! out.: . Other matters occupied me for some days, but at the end of that time I gave the ' I case-enough thought to have a curiosity to see theiportrait of the deceased husband, and went over one afternoon for the purpose. I saw tbe portrait.'andexamined the bouse and was .more than ever convinced that-my ; " dreaming theory" was tbe explanation of; the whole, thoughin this opinion, as will appew^i was thoroughly, at fault. " After 'my viflit to the houSer occupied by Mra.-Bundas/Xwith considerable difficulty discovered the address of tbe cousin whom ■ • I she bad'so- hastily-.accused of- originating the deception, I foundhim tobe a common place ;andSomewhat stupid looking man of - some.-twenty-fivei or thirty.; years, inr busi- i ness in a humble way for himself. Having madesure.thatl ,was addressing the right man>; though without- giving my name or occupation, I puzzled mm not -a little by Bayiugrr-i " • ; V" '' 'r. ? *' " X -would lite ,t'o know if you can' give; me the present address b£a cousin of -yours' called Mrs. Dundas. I believe she resides m Edinburgh—a widow -with two daughters," At first he stoutly declared that I- had been misinformed, and' that he Jhad^o:; cousin alive that he knew of, but -affcer a little appeared to recollect the fact/;!for- he: I said-r - ..'•■' " ; •' ■ "Ah, I recollect hearing of: that woman when; I was but a laddie. : She: was a had lot, I jbelieve—lived: withaman without' being^married to him, just to do me out of some money, but.lhavemever'seen her/and • have not heard of .her f or; years. She went - to England, I .believe; ihut whether: she is dead or.fllive X -don'tknow^andcertainly. don't care."; v : 1;' i A little-, incredulous, -X cross-questioned; him minutely, andwas speedily^ convinced • that he spoke the truth, and bad no- know- j ledge whatever of his cohsin being in Edin-' burgh. ... This, narrowed my task considerably, by Cutting Hm off from all knowledge1 of or complicity with the crime which I was em ploy ed to ^investigate;" but . at the same time it put imp :farther.thau' ever from.a clue to the re^criminah: c ■ ; Withvery little; hope'of ever clearing up the mystery/,.Xw&sume; day passing down the High-streetj whemlstoppedto noticea glaring bill-bpard carried by two-men, on which was inscribed in hideously 'large-and uncouth letters the words, " Just added, Pritchard, the Poisoner 1" and I then saw - that the whole was. an advertisement ofa waxwork then exhibiting in the city. I do not kngw-what connecting link of memory or mind. brought it up, but the moment I lead the, announcement. I remembered - the words of Mm. Dundas about the spirit faicd being "almost like, wax," and Istood for I some minutes there; on the street, appa-' rently -reading- hard -at the board, but in reality _. thinking thus :—".What - could be earner than for the criminal to make; or have made ;a face of wax, which could be drawn up, ghastly and.corpse-like, before the window when occasion suited? I wonder .who makes the wax faces of these figures^apd how they set about it. They must cppy them ;in some way :from por traits, and I have, clearly ascertained that a portrait of Mra.,Dundas's paramour_is in existence." - . After'a. few such reflections I. wandered through severalstreets, , and then paid- a visit to;the-_yraxwprk, .where 1 got ifito conversation" with : the proprietor—com mended jfjjie likeness of Pntchard as- a good one, and finally enquired who had modelled, it. The answer at first was rather a lofty one, but after a little the man admitted J that in" this case he had neither sent to: | Londoff or Glasgow, and finally took me; up stairs to a, little , den/ in : which the modeller—a lame man, both ragged■„ and-1 dirty apd smelling, strongly; of whisky-?-: was hard at work on the head of a Eonaon. murderer." ^After-a little quiet mafcipuba-. tion tfiis;ihan—the cripple-r-said— " Do any jobs for private persons ? i Oh, bless yqu, tyes. J I. made eap; a\ face for- a young man/: only a week or'^two-isince-r modelled; it-:from;, a hbiL painting; an'got; well paid .for, it into, the: bargain.'.' . "A young man I-ri What was -the youpg man like ?" I enquired* affecting to yawn wearily.;^-;, <■ ' •• • < " 'Boqt. twenty-five or thirty. Brought the portrait and said be could on'y leave .it forBix hours* 'cos the lady—a widder, T think—qs it belongs to couldn't endure it bein'longer out of her sight." . " It would be a.nice, flattering thing he wanted, I suppose ?•'■; A bright fresh thing, as full of .color as a; new. blown rose ?" !. casually ^remarked. " No ^ jthere you're; wrong. He. wanted; it as palp", and corpse] looking as possible ; same as the feller had new, come :Out of his grave," rejoined, the modeller. " He was particular aboutthat." J'He wouldn't give. bis . name, I . sup pose ?'* ; " I didn't ax none." " And-there would be none on the por trait?" ; v;-. : ' .. "None,, except the name of the. painter, I think^-F., Brown-r-at the left hand corner, in afold of the; curtains." At laqti at last I had. got a clue! for this was .almost the only peculiarity -which I had qbserved in the portrait at Mrs. Dundas's home. My. after remarks must have appeared somewhat incoherent to the modeller,' forwhat I said, or how it was spoken, 1 have not the faintest recollection. As soon as I had left the place my thoughts recurred^to Mrs. Dundas's cousin, and I began to^ faintly ask myself if has igno rance and simplicity hadbeen affected, and if, after all, 1 might not discover him to be: tbe prime mover in the whole scheme. With this idea Feginnmg to take hold of my mind, I made my way ,tp Mrs. Dundas's home and abruptly askedher if the portrait of her hus band bad.evpr to her .knowledge been lent to any one, or, removed from; her custody for even a.few hours. Tbe reply was an - emphatic negative; and to convince me that such a thing was impossible, she called in her daughters.and repeated my question to them. Both of' these interesting looking: young women .at once asserted that the portrait had never been out" of the house; but it struck me that the elder—whose un commonly pretty face and bright eyes had attracted"my gaze, most—winced palpably as the the sharp question was thrown .out. At the mqment £ thought of no, connection between ber and the crime; and my fixed attention "'was th|it!;.of. "admiration,: not suspicion. "' LBut when, the visit was over, and I hadtieft the house, the odd circum stancecame hack upon my. memory so. per sistently that I at length began to make cautious enquiries regqrffi'ngthis girl in the; ^mediat^nbighborHoodbfherhome. 'Icame upon little of importarice till I got in tow with a milk deliverer rwho knew as much of; other people's;private affairs that unknown' to herself ^hb .had h'een generally dubbed « The NeWbpaper " '^Cautiously alluding to the Dundafees; I was rewarded" by learning r that the elder, gW. ^ad. been courted, by }a young man^a..merchant's ,son—fog more than a year,^b.ut.th^t'the engagement had been Buddemy broken bff, ; - " And Why was it broken off, <jo you, know?" was.my next^nquiigr. - " Ah, jisf because young Maister Leitches'. folk wadntf aUoq: hlni. to- marry abastardj" was the unctiouS reply. r, . " A basthrd ?"- .Xedhbe^' not in surprise,. but simply because my ^nfind.was flashing, back on thb yrholb of;the strange case, and 1 was begmning ;to;,fear" that l, had been stepidlyfoUomng a false; due aU along, f " Yes, it's nae "secret tiiat' Mra. DuHdas was never married, though she has 7 twa daughters," glibly .Continued. the News-' paper, " I oetiev© the lassie was awfu'put aboot at bein'cuiat aflE, and said ste could, easy prove to them that she wasna abas itaid, but I'm thinkih' that's maw than she'll ever manage/ and the marriage has never been heard o' since " : -• The news electrified me, but at the ■ same •time I hesitated to make a criminal of a daughter even to save the mother from a silly deception, and thought I. would take -a night to decide nponlhay proper Course. Curiously enough the .first face I met at the Central next morning was that of Mrs. Dundas, who excitedly "reported that the "spirit face," in palpable falsehood and breach of. good. faith,had. again appeared, commanding her to make the "desired ac knowledgment,-and also - to " call off that miserable detective, McGovan,"or showould be dead in twenty-one days. "" ; '. Uptm being thus threatened the ■unhappy ' woman had sprung up .with a succession of terrible screams, which instantly roused her ypun^er': daughter,-"though ; the; elder .I slept soundly'for some minutes longer. '. ? V :L 1 made no'hommentj but putotf my hat, and accompanied the mother back to her. . home, where I considerably astonished ^the -'•girls-by asking them to help me to search. ' the house. ; This task was at once begun find executed—I taking special care never/] ' onCe to allow; the elder daughter out of my sights-till* every corner, bed, press, and ' drawer-had been ransacked, but' a large • ' leajher-bound trunk owned by ; the; elder daughter." I sharply asked for the key of 'thiS :box, and knew in a moment I had come-upon my quarry by the awful look of pallor and guilt which settled on the . aUxiouSface of the elder girl. First she be-, 'caffle.deathly pale, but tried to boldly and impudently brave it out;. then she' loudly : asserted1 that she ' had lost the, key; _ but -then her mother, with the fury of. a tiger, had sprung on her, and almost torn the pocket from;off her dress to wrench out the : missing' key, when she gave way to an hysterical burst of tears, mingled" with piteous entreaties for mercy. Scarcely less agitated the unhappy mother unlocked the | -trunk; rad after turning out a few articles of dress came .upon the wax head. which had'caused all the trouble, as well as" a small -spirit lamp fitted with green. glass, which had evidently been used to cast the \- myateriouslight across the spirit face which had so awed and pufczled the victim of the deception. '- ' : ' .; • It was-a painful task to me, but there was nothing for it hut for me to take the girl with me. I had a strong' suspicion that I ought to have taken her lover as well for-his share in the trick/ but as the . girl piteously, declared that she meant to. plead guilty to" the whole without any. aid whatever; from any other, I mercifully allowed that part of the case to rest. ' ' 1 Shortly after "Maggie Dimdas was put upon trial, and convicted upon her own .confession, she declared that the first sus picion of the truth had dawned upon her upon a former occasion when being taunted as a girl with being a bastard, and repeat ing the cruel words to her mother, she re membered her saying—" If our bread did not depend upon it, I could easily silence the slanderers. Letthem^live on in the delu sion." lie judge commented rather se verely upon the heartlessnessof the scheme by which the. life of the prisoner's own mother might have been sacrificed, but ad mitted that there was another side to the . question even more painful to contem plate, and to which it was out of his pro-; vince to-allude. The sentence was im prisonment for three months. Strangely enough the very attempt which Mrs.'Dundas had0made to conceal the truth by placing |He casein our hands led to it being re vealed;-" for the attention of the cousin ' being drawn to the .trial, he employed a lawyer -to enquire into his; rights, and by advertising-this man actually produced and. ■brought to this country a man who swore I most positively that he had been witness to h private agreement of marriage between Mrs. Dimdas and her husband, which was sighed by-' them and himself, as Well as .anotherwitness since dead. . Mrs. Dundas herself was put- upon oath, and so shuffled and prevaricated that she was nearly chin- ' -mitted for trial upon a charge of perjury, J verdict being at once gftvehfor'the plaintiff . '• Maggie - Dundas, I' believe, was neyer-for given by her impoverished mother/ but found some compensation, doubtless, in being met with joy by her lover at the gaol gate, and married to him a fortnight' after with the full consent and approval of his parents. 