MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Tun Headless Body In the Mühhümbidoee. It will bo remembered says the Wagga Wagga Express) that some little time back sensational telograms, announcing that the mystery of tho headless body found upon tho banks of tho Murrumbidgee had been solved, appeared in some of tho metropolitan journals. The alleged solution was based upon tho fact that a bag containing letters and newspapers was found near tho wharf, and the conclusion was jumped to that the owner of these, one Robert Standish Clarke, was tho murdered man. From subsequent inquiries made by the polico it is apparent that there was nothing to warrant the supposition. Robert Standish Clarke, the man in question, is now ia Bourke hospital, under medical treatment. A state- ment, which ho has signed, sets forth that some time ago, while following his occupation of drover, ho left a bag, answering to the description of tho aiticle found, at the Bridge Hotel, then in the occupation of Mr. Jeffrey Purcell. "Whother it had been stolen from the hotel and when found to contain nothing of value thrown into the river; or carted away accidentally with rubbish is yet unexplained. The rumors which havo been set afloat havo been naturally annoying to Clarke, who read them in tho metropolitan weekly journals, and in consequence made the certified state- ment above referred to. The Volunteeb AnnualTraining -Tho Rerald of Friday says that the annual six days training of the Volunteer Force will commence on Good Friday, th' 26th instant, and will be continued until Iho follow" ing Wednesday. Tho camps will bo formed at the same places as last year, viz. : Middlo Head and Pad- dington Barracks. Tho Government has determined that all volunteers serving under tho new regulations, who aro' omploye^in the Government service, shall be permitted intake parUn the training. fThe gen- eral arrangements, appear to bo slmilat to thoso undor which last year's encampments wore carried out* The Volunteer Artillery corps (Wollongong and Newcastle excepted) and the Torpedo and Signalling corps will join the Permanent Forco at the Middle Hoad, and tho volunteer infantry will be located In Paddington Barracks enclosure. The strictest mil- itary disciplino will bo enforced throughout both camps, and the men will havo to perform their duties as rigidly as if they wero engaged in activo service. The Permanent Forco will probably go undor canvas a day oi'two previously.and remain for a short time after tho volunteers leave. A Shooting Affray The Dubbo Dispatch reports that on Friday, the 5th instant, a serious affray oc- curod on the Cobar Road, at a place called the Pigeon Holes, between Nyngan and Cobar. It appears that a man named Collins, a carrier, and two others named Newsome and Hatton, were drinking at Hall's public house. They had some words and a fight ensued be- tween Hatton and Collins. The latter got the best of it, and as soon as the combat was over Collins got his team together and started on his journey. He believed there was an end to the quarrel ; and, as we understand, he separated from the others on good terms. After he had travelled about a mile, he was followed by Newsome and Hatton. On approaching Collins, Newsome, who, it was said, was incited by Hatton, rushed at Collins with a tomahawk, and the latter, finding himself hard pressed and his life in danger, took up a gun and fired. The shot struck Newsome in the right knee, and as soon as he fell Hatton bolted. Collins, who no sooner fired than he was sorry for his action, used every means to assist the wounded man. Information was sent to tho Cannonbar police, and senior-constable Brown went out. He started in pursuit of Hatton, and succeeded in apprehending him. In the meanwhile Newsome was brought into Cannonbar, and Dr. Tibbits tele- graphed for to Dubbo. The wound was in a dreadful state - in fact, so bad that mortification was expected, but the doctor dressed it at once, and the man, who will be sent to Dubbo by coach, is progressing fa- vourably. The Late Mr. Willum Clakk.-Tho telograms from Adelaide announce tho death of Mr.,William Clark, the hydraulic engineer. Although regrettable, the announcement is not altogether unexpected. Private letters some timo ago informed his friends that he had been ill for some months with en,attack of jaundice, which carno on when staying at'the sea- side. Ho had the best medical advice, but it was of no avail, and he grew weaker under the inability to obtain nourishment from his food. It is probable that his long residoncoin India undermined the vigour of the organ whose weakness proved fatal to him, and his work in Australia was certainly in no degree responsible for his last illness. He enjoyed the climat« of these colonios, and was not unfavourable to the idea of making his premanent residenco here. Ho had a high opinion of tho futuro of Austraila, and not only invested his own earnings in our securities, but recommended them to his friends as ono of the safest investments to bo found. Ho did not live long enough to seo the execution in Australia of any of tho works he recommonded but wo lose In him a valuable con- sulting engineer, whoso advice would havo beon useful in consequence of tho local knowledge he had aiqatired. S.MSerald. i) A Headless Ghost.-A strange stoiy reaches tho Bendigo Independent from the Sheepwash. A few evenings since four woodcarters weie returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and travollcd along for a short distance. Suddenly thoy saw approaching them the figure of a headless female draped in white and gliding along apparently without any exertion. Each wood-carter was riding in his own dray. They gazed with fascinated horror on tho spectacle, none of them ablo to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair is that tho men say that directly it passed ono waggon it became invisiblo to thoso sitting in the other cart. Thus it appearod to each wood-carter, one after the other. Although dressed in white, thora appeared to bo n yellowish lvuo surrounding the figuro. Fof four nights in succession tho ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and tho wood cartera became at last so afraid that whon they are now going homo with the empty drays they all ride together. Had tho story been related to us by ono person only, fow peo- ple would place any credonco in it, but when half a dozen men emphatically relato the samo story, it becomes mystifying. A prty of youtig men have, however, arranged to " not tho ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playiug a trick, ho may receive an unpleasant surpriso in tho shapo of a charge of shot. A sleeping tournament, in which evcryono snores as ho pleases, has been in progress in San Francisco, It was conducted in one of the saloons of tho mission and the man who demonstrated his ability to sleep tho greatest number of hours during tho month re- 't ceived a prize. The first thing a man takes in his life is his milk ; the last is his bier. An advertisement in tho newspaper is worth two on the side of an old shed. 