Joseph Curran's Christmas Ride; A STORY OF BLACK AND WHITE. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) PART I. BY N. WALTER SWAN. Venez, chez moi. Come si vous n' avez aucune suspicion. 1l-y-a d[?] danger a la fenetre. Prenez garde!' were the words uttere under his breath, and with a sudden emphasis of tremor, by a broad-shouldered Englishman to his English wife one afternoon in a northern district of Queensland. The speaker, who waa known among the frontier men as Hugh Blakely, was lying upon an old-fashioned sofa, gating dreamily out of his little parlor window below a curtain woven by tropical para sites and white-blossomed English creepers. Outside the plain seemed ruled with lines from tree trunks, and blottings of shadow lay upon it. There were rows of cedars down by the iivcr, and pines like jpires out on the grassland, where the vegetation was faintly rippling in a warmth of color that was altogether tropical. There are not many artists possessed of sufficient professional temerity to delineate truthfully suoh scenery as some parts of Queensland unfold when the seasons scatter their tints below the god and purple of the sky. It was one of suoh scenes the English man looked at, and it was tomething as flitting and as silent as the shadows on the turf that had italicised his warning into imperfect Frenoh. Fines with their tissuey folisge stood near the house and scattered out towards the rolling lands. Across the shades they threw, a darker shade had hurried carrying spears, and it was this caught Blakely's eye. Nearer, the shadow of another figure darkened the sun glancings on the vivid leaves that partially curtained the window} then all the plain as before lay still in snn, out to the dark band of rank vegetation, where it was broken into shortened shadows above strange-leaved plants and strangling vines. Blakely had habitually occupied the same position on the old sofa for a long time past as soon at the labora of the day were over. It was not a new thing for him to watch the shadows lengthening and the sudden night falling upon tbe twilight; but it wat a most unusual thing to attempt Frenoh with his faulty pronunciation, and more unusual still that his voice should tremble in a tone that carried appeal and pain. And yet the expression of his face did not change, neither did he show by any change of portion that unusual danger wit outside, or that rapid eyes and keen ears wen watohing and listening among the leaves that bore their bloom not sir inohesfrom hie window ■ill. The aqaatter't wife, who was sitting in a different part of the room, understood her hus band sufficiently to know that a peril threat* ened, and she knew the value of self-possession. If her face was pale her gesture was natural, showing neither hurry nor oonstraint, when she walked over to where Blakely lay. She sat there for tome minutes in silenoe, and with apparent calm, punning her sewing while wait* ing in fear to hear what her husband desired to say. 'Qo out quietly,' said the squatter in a voice softer than an ordinary whisper,' and bring me the revolver beneath your sewing. Do not light a candle. He partly rose with a weary motion, and, drawing an antimaoaitar across his face, slowly lay baok again. Through the meshes his eyes watohed the bunoh of leaves as they swayed and flitted against the light of the redwest. What he looked at was a dark object that appeared fixed among the moving foliage. This was what Blakely had seen more when he spoke his Frenoh warning, as it darkened the sun beams for an instant. He lay intently gating and intently thinking as to whether he oould be deceived, when the features of an aboriginal be* came defined among the swaying greenness. There were the broad flat nose, the large rapid eyes, and at intervals the gletming of a white line when the lips were parted from the teeth j but as the darkness oime the shape merged with the dusk in the foliage till it looked only a deeper shade. Notwithstanding ths quiok twilight and its uncertainties, the re clining man felt, if he oould sot see, that keener eyes than his own were watohing too. When his wife entered he got up and walked towards her, and his hand eropt below the calico hanging round the pittol. His figure interposed between the movement and the watcher, and he could not be heard at he hur riedly said : " Bar the shutters and the doort; do not be frightened if you hear a pistol re port. Be courageous and coo), Charlotte. God keep you, dear t we are acting for the best. The doort first.' Blakely waa again the sole occupant of tho room. He kioked round an old high-baoked chair, turning it so that it stood betwoon hi<n telf and the window, when he again lay back on the sofa. He rapidly felt that the pillars of the pistol were capped as he took his aeons tomed position, resting the end of the barrel in a pattern of the open woodwork. He glanced along it towards the heart of the damp of leaves i but the darkness was gone from them • between their trembling! were the fading red of the sky and some sparklings of coming start. The name of the station overseer wat Joieph Ourran. He was a long, silent, man with faded yellow hair and a faoe in which all emotion was hidden. It was known that he had been in Queensland for many years, but none knew his history. He had a habit of wandering round the frontier stations, and at these he was hired in various capacities. Ourran waa certain to be found upon the surface of some limited circle of 'hands' where new country was being re claimed, for he possessed what was always valuable under tuoh circumstances—a correct topographical knowledge of promising country. His experience and advice were usually avail able when it was most requisite, while he seemed to have tome object in hit lonely life which he punned with quiet and dogged earnestness Ourran's characteristic was that he had none* and that he only showed excitement by the restlessness of his quick eyes. On this Decem ber evening the overseer had performed the most unusual feat of knocking up bit horse when about two miles from the homettead of Mr. Blakely. The hard iron-gray stood sway -ng on his trembling legs, with the sweat run ning from hit flankt and down hit shining ooat, as the horseman dismounted and proceeded to hide his saddle and bridle in a dump of brush. With these he placed hit spun, gave hie tab bing horse a kindly pat on the neck, and carefully recapped a gun whioh he always carried. The man stood upright running hie fingers mechanically along the barrel and ques tioning with his eyet the treat and tomb that stretched out from him in leaf and bloom sod silenoe. He left the plaoe in the direction of his home with long strides that made but faint rustle, and with anxiety in hit face and sus picion in his caution. It was not till Ourran reached the banks of the sluggish creek where the cedars grew that he showed signs of irreso lution. Stepping oautiouily from tree to tree, he examined the soft earth for signs which he might read, before hit eyes took the direction of the station. They grew fixed and intent in an instant, as they fattened on the phenomenon of a young branching pine, moving steadilj and smoothly from the house in the direction of a huge hollow tree known at Tbe Grotto. Fewotbsn in Queensland would have detected the motion with the tame rapidity and certainty. The pine took iti pUoe so naturally amongst the other native ihrubbery that it did not at fint appear to more, but merely to occupy position! in a way that bewildered the ■ante of observation. Ita progreas waa auoh that a oaaual observer would not hare aeen it. Ourran, however, showed how much he appre ciated the discovery by rapidly bringing hiagun to aim, and dropping it again aa though an after and a better thought had occurred to him. Without halting he hurried up the creek, •haded by the shouldering reeds, till oppo site a fallen trunk that served as a bridge} here he crossed to the station side, and by the aid of a branch hastily broken approached The Grotto in precisely the same manner aa it had been approached a short time before. There was this difference in favor of the overseer i that a watoher in the tree could less easily deteot the motion which was bearing straight upon the line of vision while the first movement was across it from where Ourran had stood. If the man's faoe showed no change of feature his action showed no laok of courage, aa he passed slowly on amongst trunks and dumps and root growing shoots till he stood shaded by their branches in front of his destination. The pine he first saw was lying at his feet, and the figure that carried it made a blaoker shade on the obsourity within. Ourran knew that a short time before the place had been used as a lock-up by the native troopers; it was but a few dajs ago that he had examined the heavy door hang ing open on its rustei binges | and if ho could get this dosed, and the bar aoross, the aborigi nals in hiding there would be prisoners. For that object he flitted behind tho heavy slabr, possessed himself of the bar, and before the crash of tho door falling over against the low entrance, and the masses of decaying vegetation had ceased to drop from the dome of the chamber, the bar bad fallen, and those inside were captives. 80, the natives thus trapped, the liberty that is in the sky and among the stars, the silent shadows, the darkening shapes of horisim and hill, and the gause of overtaken twilight were blotted out to blackness, and to .a silence in which the prisoners shivered and groped, and wero afraid. The overseer stood at the door silently listening to the fear that was in the low voices of the caged rnon. What his eyes and face might thnn have revealed it was impossible to say j there was darkness upon it, but there could bo little mistake in the intention that caused him to place the musale of his gun at a ipace between the slabs. Standing thus he halted irresolutely, and, as he had done an hour bofoie, he took the gun away from its position, and noiselessly let baok the hammer. When he reached the house be saw the place was in darkness and in unusual silence. Stooping below the archway of creepers, his heavy step fell upon the verandah, and whistling aa a passport he knocked at the closed door. 'Is that you, Ourran P Come in,' whispered the master, revolver in hand. 'The blacks are about, and may be upon us at any moment.' 'Not to-night, sir;' and Ourran shuffled quieily into the dark passage. ' Are yon aware they art about P' enquired Blakely, when, he had refastensd the door. • The Ooolya massacre has roused them. The whites cannot expect much mercy after that example.' •No, sir.' 'The situation would not trouble me much, Ourran, but the mistress is in delicate health, and a skirmish just now might prove in the highest degree dangerous for her.' • Yes, sir.' ♦I am glad you think they will not come to* night. A day attack is bad enough when there are numbers—a tribe, perhaps, opposed to a couple of men.' Ourran brought the butt of his gun gently to the ground, and stood with his elbow leaning upon the mossle. ' They do not usually make their attacks at night,' he said, partly to himself and partly to his master. Then both men stood in silence for a while, with the darkness round them and the quiet of the hour everywhere. Neither within the house nor beyond it did there seem to be the slightest sound. The overseer was the first to speak, and there was a shade of anxiety in his voioe. ' You will of course shoot them and put the vermin from murdering other unsuspecting and unoffending families if you can P' 'Certainly we must shoot them in self defence,' Blakely made reply, as he moved into the little parlor, • but certainly not otherwise. Whatever is to be said upon the subject there is the truth that the whites hare set the example of bloody reprisals. A few settlers have been killed by ignorant and untamed savages in the first in stance, but that is no reason why those who have invaded their country and their homes should make a pastime of slaughtering them. I have noticed with pain and disgust the way these unfortunate wretches are being treated. You will find egnething to eat on the table, Ourran.' -1 Good heaven, sir,' aiked the overseer, speak* ing with ourious intensity oat of the darkness* • do you mean to tell me yon would not shoot « snake or an alligator ii it did not fint attack you P' * Come in here; we will talk of that here* after. 1 Ourran followed sulkily, stroking the barrel of hit gun. The baok part of the home was strongly built and lecurely fastened, and the whole attention of the squatter was given to the front windows, while the overseer calmly disposed of the food before him in the dusk that was almost darkness. * Do you think they will oome now P' enquired Blakely again, in a voice of irritation. ' This waiting and waiting for an unknown danger in the solemn night is trying.' ' My experience,' returned the overseer, with his mouth full, 'tells me they ain't likely to oome. People what make believe to know these blacks best say they never attack at night. That aint always true. If I was staying alone in this house I should go to bed, but there is a lady depending on it like, and with your leave 111 sit up and you'll go to sleep. There is no danger, so far as oan see. Yonder '■ the moon.' Ourran tuned and sat looking out near to Blakely, after tilently standing up the gun be* tween his legs. 'Supposing/ began the over* seer steadily, and with an aeoent in wbioh there wjb a ring of sternness ; ' I say supposing that by one of the greatest ohanoes in the world—l am only supposing, you will remember— that I was able to show you half-a-doien blaoVs that had oomo to your place to burn the houie, and to murder them that was in it, all trapped aid ready to hand; and supposing you knew that if they was wiped out you'd huvo peace, and if they was not they'd bo here again, may bo in a month, maybe m two months, and catcli yourself and your wife and auyone else horo at a disadvantage; then, sir,' prised Ourran, his voioe getting deep j ' then, sir, I ask wot would you do P Look you, mind, I suy supposing to all this.' The moon was in the overseer's face when he had finished, and it showed hit bright pioroing eyes bent upon those of his mantor. It might have been because of the moonlight, but there was a change in the ordinarily hnnioyablo fun* tares. 1 hoy curried an cxproioion that startled tho rqunttcr. Their mask had fullon to show what looketl like an intensity of bitterness and rosalre. This was what Blakely thought ho saw: Two little dark shadows vast by the bushy eyebrows, and thorein two scintillating ejes that seemed almost to burn, the face working nervously, and the man's strong even teeth partly un covered by a smile. He was stooping over eagerly towards the squatter, and his broad twisted bhnd was affectionately stroking the gun and fingering at the look. Said Blakely quietly t ' I would not commit murder.* * Killing a dingo is not eommit!ing murder. Why d'ye kill a dingo P Because it kills your sheep. Why is a dingo vermin P Again, be* cause it kills your sheep. Why is blackfellows worser vermin by many degrees P Because they kill men and women, and bora men and women, and worse—much worse—as you've heard tell, Mr. Blakely, and as I knowj' and while speak* ing the man stepped yet nearer and looked yet more disturbed. 'If this killing of men and women is worse nor killing sheep, then, sir, the blacks is worse vermin nor dingoes, and the sooner to be killed.' Such are not my views, and such would not be yours if you had the faculty of looking at the subject from their point of view. We are to them strangers and invaders. They have been taught to look upon all such as enemies, and they only know of one way to deal with enemies. Even this feeling would have been dispelled but for the cowardly reprisals of white men, and even to-day in the wilderness it is life for life. We, with civilisation to aid us, and the unfortu nate savages at the mercy of our bullets, think it a brave thing to shoot down savage men and women ; it is, instead, a living disgrace and a blot on our Christianity. We carry our Bibles, and shoot these creatures in their own country and on their own soil. It is murder. Menarejusti* fled under all circumstances in defending their lives, not in committing acts of assassination or of cold-blooded butchery. Not only have we taken possession of the territory of these people, but we have armed ourselves with weapons against which they are powerless, and from chief to child we shoot them without remorse and with out thought of the sin and the shame of it, or of the bloody account that is being entered against us. Still worse and more sinful and shameful, we have drilled troops of these unfortunate creatures to kill their own kind. They are taught to massacre them anywhere and every* where, on any plea or on no plea, and they ride about the country accoutred by the Government for the sanguinary duty. This is a state of things that will be remembered against us to our disgrace and to our dishonor for many years to come.' I Now we are here we matt protect ourselves. You can speak like that, sir, and you are sincere enough I've no doubt, flow would you feel towards them if, through no act of your own, you saw your wife lying murdered below your smoking rafters and your ohild betide her mur dered too ? What is it to me what the laws is, or custom, or Bible P That is the pioture that has lited In these eyes for seven years. It ia the ghost of that scene wot has followed me every day and orept upon my sleep every night. Murder to kill them !' The overseer laughed a laugh that jarred strangely on the moonlight and on the repose below it. * God help us, Ourran, but you tell a wild atory. lam no better than other men, and I oannot say how I would think or act under auoh oiroumstanoet. This only I know now i I came here as a Christian man, depending on my own exertions and trusting in the protection of God and the consolations of the religion I profess. I still trust in Him and in the Christian laws that are given to us. Murder is murder, and, God helping me, I will avoid that crime. The earlier history of settlement here shows that the blacks have been driven by the faithless cruelty of the whites to the faithlessness and cruelty they now show, being set the example by Christian men and a Christian Government. If all under this roof are killed to night, I can not but think, feeling as I now feel, that it is but the sins of our people and of our rule which are being visited upon us. You in your case have suffered for the sins of others.' Tho overseer laughed utfnin, nod his stern faco bent over to look at the peoulinr caressing motion of hi* hand npou the nun. Both sat silent, watching the moon (tailing among the stun. When the overseer spoke again the attitude of hit body had changed and his hand wits still, and Blukdy believed ho saw tbe moon glitter ou his eyes j it might be on tears, it u)i((hl be on v fiercer light that had come to thorn. • When you tuko tho tui»trets over to Captain M'Knight'* in the morning, tir, take with you all the old lrt»nd«. They know tho road us well as 1 do. I'll bo bist without them.' * Why do you propose Captaiu M'Kuighl'e ?' 'I d"tt'l propoeo it, tir. It don't nood to be proposed j it is the only place for Mrs. Ula ely, and she must go at onco—that needs no think* ing over.' ' At<d leave you in the danger P' Tbe bushman took bis band from tbe guv and placed it on bis master's sleeve. 'J his time there could be no mistaking tho solotnnity with whioh he spoke: ' Your wifo mutt be tuken there tomorrow by you. It is Christmas Day, and sbe mutt eat her Christmas dinner in safety. You do not know what it is to loso a wife yet, and pray to Ood, sir, that tho protection in which you trust may reach to her. You know that I ain't lu'king just out (if foolishness, but from a time and a tight thut will never lenrc me. You arc the only ono hero who has heard tbut part of my history. It is not to bo f pokrn of, sir.' I 1 know that, Curran.' ' I'hui'k ye. Go and uiaVo what preparations you need, to be away ut tiuybicuk. Thrro isn't danger now in lighting a cmdlo. Mo an I the Gormnu and Dick Armstrong will mind the place. 1 kuow tho bluck vermin bettor than you.' There was another pause beforo the tender light and the block shadows. Curran again broke silence. 'Did you tee them P* 1 Only ono looking through the open window and listening—' 'Then it's them civilised blacks that would spear the lot of us for the grog that's in your store-room.' '—— and being afraid they would under stand me I tried to warn Mrs. Blakoly in French, fearing that if she saw tho black face glaring at her from tho leaves «he miflht toream.' 1 Did you give tbe blackfellow reason to think you saw him P' • I think not.' The overseer appeared to lose interest. He retreated angularly from the window and slept. The floating stars throbbed through between tbe creepers on the verandah and sailed among the spans of forest leaves, and everywhere the moon pencilled shadows. Blakely slipped away noiselessly to learn that his wife slept, aud returned to wait till the gray of the morning stole on the horison. Heoould not resist an earnest contemplation of his companion. The leathern features looked gray and worn, but they were set in signs of purpose, and the big chest and powerful limbs took a new meaning from the new expression. Hit long fingers lay upon the gun-lock, and thoughts were knitting his brows and passing over his solemn face. Boon after dawn, the squatter and bis wife had left for tbe neighboring station, accom- panied hy the servants referred to. The over* seer lent the German and Armstrong, laden with cautions' and ammunition, away in the old tax* oart to the out-sUtioot, where the men were to be warned to have watoh and care* for their Urea. When the homestead was deserted Oarran looked furtively towards The Grotto with an unpleasant smile. Having fortified doors and windows from the inside, he started hurriedly for the bush with • shambling paoe that had in it something of the characteristic of self-eon* yiction. He had not gone more than fire hun dred yards before he stopped to look steadily at the tree where the prisonera had been confined. The decaying limbs of the old monaroh were stretched ottt imploringly from the tangle of fibre and tendril and the many supple arms that had loag since strangled it oat of life. While looking, the man's face suddenly elongated into an expression of surprise and con centrated attention ss he aank down among the long grass. That which changed the intentions of the overseer so rapidly was the spectacle of the figure of an aboriginal emerging from a hole in the upper part of the trunk whioh had been formed by the falling of a branob, wbenoe it had trembled before the shook of the heavy door clashed aoross The Grotto entrance the night before. The blacks had been pain* fully and laboriously trying to enlarge the rift from the time they first observed it. Ourran could not tell whether the native who had dropped lightly to the ground was the first or the lust of tboae he had entrapped. Probably the last, aud therefore he remained watching the swaying tops of the grasses as the blackfellow glided orouchingly away. At the opening in the trunk there was no further sign. For the third time within twenty-four hours Ourran's bug gun barrel was presented ; it followed for a moment the movement of the grass, and for the third time it was withdrawn. The overseer rt.e to bis feet, and ran to the homestead at a paco that bod lost all characteristics of sham* bliog. Pabt 11. Phio lay in his kennel, lastly taking in the furious objects whioh the motion of his reddish eyvs could command, as his round head aud huge wuzsle rested quietly upon the broad leopard-like paws. The animal was quite still except when bo lifted his head. ponderously, and flipped hit heavy jowls amongst the hum* ruing of the constant flies. Pbiti was Ourran's dog, and it was said he was • bloodhound. Whether he was or not he was always securely 1 chained, was fe 1 only by his master, and never loosed except to follow him. If apparent power of muiclo and the sleek suppleness of a tigsr, a nervous creeping skin and eyes pursed in crim son lid*, constituted the characteristics of a bloodhound, Pbin did not seem many removes away, as he lay yawning sulky protests at his confinement. Ihe approach of bis ouster oauted him to lift his moist nostrils and sniff tu'p'mioutly, but he dropped bis head baok to its old position as he otught sight of Ourran, showing signs of recognition and impatience only when a piece of stout rope was paised round his neck, and the clanking fall of bis chain told that a run waa iv prospective. 'Steady, Phin | steady, you devil,' spoke bis matter, whitperingly, to (he brute, who was soon pressing upon the leash in the back tracks of tbe overseer. The dog did not turn towards the house, but instinctively tugged in the direotion of the stream where tbe dew was on tbe grass. Admonished by the rope his master held, he bore with a wide oirouit south of The Grotto before cutting tbe track made by the escsping aboriginal. Ourran fattened the dog to a stout sspling, and prepared bimielf for the ohase; then, loosing the animal, he guided him as before, while the red eyea that seemed start ing from their linings were now clear and fierce with excitement. • Now, then, find him, Isd !' The rope was suddenly drawn, and Phin bounded off at a pace ihat shortly became a sort of springing amble while boring along in circles upon tho plain. He made neither sign nor noise, always turning and wheeling like the beatt of prey he was, and enlarging the radiua with curious regularity. Once or twice he stopped to rear up and top the pasturage that he might look towards Curran, but the latter seemed to have started on a jouraey apparently oblivious of his ally, and guided by tracks whioh to an eye less keen than his would have been easily followed so long as the dew remained. He knew that help from Phin would come at least before the day closed, and in the meantime the white*fanged searcher was left to his instincts. Following these instincts the dog kept to his circles with an ominout earnestness and silence. One of them at length cut tbe trail, and without pause he ' turned upon it with a fierce impatience that was purely characteristic. For a moment he stood still, while raising his nose enquiringly and sniffing at the fresh air la en with bloom scents, if perchance it might oarry also tome indication of the fugitive. Pbin decided in a moment. With a low howl of satisfaction, tbat trarelled far that atill morning, he itarted in a slinking stride that promised mischief. Before long he bad swept past his master, as he had often done before on similar oooasions. The dew bad long passed away from grass and tree, and the son was riding op in glare to the lenith, but neither hound nor man showed signs of flagging. They were proseonting their work silently, except when the oraokling of dead sticks or the sudden rustle of disturbed boughs gave notice of the passage of the man hunters. The trail was long since lifted by the heat, but it remained seemingly as fresh and strong for the dog as when first he took it up upon the laden grass and the glittering flowers. They passed with • striding jog across peninsular bands of 'orest, and again out upon the unsheltered plains, and by flocks of painted wild birds that looked ourioutly upon the mated couple. The overseer, who had scarcely withdrawn his obser* ▼ation from the dog sinoe the heat had come, began to look cautiously round when he saw that his guide was entering a tongue of tim ber that stretched away into a sea of limitless forest. That the first episode of the chase was approaohing might be gathered from the rapid glances of the man's keen eyes and the increasing caution of bis movements. Neither was (he dog's muizle so dose to the ground. It was not so indus* triously boring among grass *nd leaves as here* tofore, but teemed to tako in the scent without trouble | and, for all bis wide obest and swelling musclos, flecks of sweat had broken upon bis creeping skin. The jaws no longer lolled open, but dosed with quick snaps as in the act of oatohing breath. It was singular to mark how the dog avoided the dead branches and boughs, and bow skilfully his master followed. With* out warning, the former quickened his paoe, his muixle again rasped the weeds, and the blood shot eyes looked unblinkingly ahead in the direction of the drawing of the scent. It was here that Ourran slackened bis pace and dodged from tree to tree in the dog's wake seeking oover as betweon himself and Phin. Thus for a few hundred yards, when with a savage yelp of pain or rage the dog'turned to a tree, against the trunk of which he placed his black-tipped pawa of dun. If the aboriginal among the brauohos bad had a upear to hurl at tho ferocious heud, the hound would have hunted no more. He was not armed, but he oast a blade of seasoned bark be bad picked from the ground or from the fork beside him, with suoh power and so true an aim that it cut a track like a bullet through the leaves and marked the side of the dog's ohest with a gaping soar. Ourran stood a hundred yards distant, perfectly hidden, with bis gun at his shoulder, oovering a moving dump of leaves | but, as in the morning, he hesitated to fire until he saw tbo missile burled. Taking the gun leisurely away, he gently let the hammer back, and walked over with a wistry smile. Without raising his eyes to the branches, he put the rope he bad used in the morning round the hound's neck, and dragged him, palpitating and frothing, some distance off, where he tied him securely. The man returned and grimly peered among the branches, while moving about from spot to spot, till be caught the eyes of tbe blaokfellow. In an excess of terror the poor wretch sprang gibberingly from branoh to branch to escape tbe mouth of tbe long brown barrel that followed him. Undoubtedly Ourran could hare shot the terrified oreature from the first, but silent, with the silent pointing gun, the whito man followed leisurely till he had described a ring round the trunk, but to watch the dread and the hopeleis ness presented. Tbe man's finger pressed the trigger at last, and away down the woods, far across the distances, over upon the peaceful pasture land, the sullen ping ran out in warn ing } birds darted away, displaying the glory of beauty and brilliance on their swift wings. Tbe noise that wrote the tragedy sped on, and out whero tbe Christmas Day was all glad from flower to sun in tbe broadcast peace and love God had scattered it fainted and died—and there crashed through the branches with • heavy tbud a man who never moved or spoke, but lay in a queer coiled way distorted and murdered. After the first glance the overseer did not look at the muti lated figure | he turned to his companion and pulled him towards • creek that was prattling through checkered light among solemn man groves. In silence tbe dog strained with bis eyes wild and starting: in silence Ourran pulled ereekwards and prevailed, having reduced the sleuth hound to submission. The latter bad not prooeeded far with his second quest till another trail was lifted. What more natural — tbe flying aboriginal having sought the direction of his tribe's camp ? He believed he was free when be left The Qrotto, for there was no figure upon tbe plain. There wae silence at the bouie, and liberty was before him, ho thought, in the quiot of the sheltering wood*, liio dog wheeled on, and Curran slowly fol lowed like » fate j but hie face had lost its calm* neat, and hia ejea were irreaolute. He felt— half initinotively, half from hia observations of the hound—that there was danger not far away, and knowing how uaeleaa it was to call him back h« ahatnbled on with a dim thought of render* ing protection. He was too late j his companion broke the silence with a yelp of pain as a spear shot past the shadows like a rocket and pierced the animal's loins. The heavy caroaas rolled over, oraoking the weapon off like a pipeatem, and snapping at some unaeen thing while writhing in his traoka. The brute, who after all bad but followed the promptings of his instinot and of his master, staggered to his feet, and bis bloodied muzzle again fell meohanically upon the trail as a second weapon pierced his neck. Then Fhin stood swaying giddily. He forgot the lust of the chaae and looked forlornly round for hia maater, uttering no appeal aa he gaied miatily baok. There was an instant's faini sound before him, and a weak attempt of the dog to spring at a Blackfellow standing over him with a bludgeon raised. TLe latter staggered forward and fell as the second report that morning stung its way through the still* ness. But the overaeer forgot his dan ger and broke cover. Hidden men knew that his single rifle was just emptied, and he probably exhausted, while they were fresh and waiting. Kneeling, with the gun as a support, Ourran held up the dead dog's muzsle for a moment as a apear claahed upon the barrel and another paaaed between it and his body. He sprang away in time to escape a third, and flitted from tree to tree towards cover. Then, clutch ing his gun at trail, he doubled back in the direotion of the station. The paoe put on was at bis quickeat for a time, till he decreased it to charge hia rifle. Ho looked back, but the feature of the running was such that he caught the weapon baok to its old position and changed hia oourae. He could see figures doubling away to out him off in the new direotion, and he knew how slender would be his chances on the plain. As be ran he looked enquiringly from tree to tree. The foremost savage was running steadily, and the diitanoe was decreasing. Whou a speur fell betide him wide and apent he believed the runner was getting weary of the pursuit, and with a swifter pace than he had yet shown, though with an effort, he made for an old tree of gigantio girth that had recently fallen across tho cattle track he was following. The leaves were still green, and offered ambush: he ran past this for a hundred yards in the open, und turned back at Irs best speed, keeping the boughs between him* self und his pursuer. In a moment he was waiting bidden behind the passage of the tree, over which, he had jumped. The overaeer had time to atill hit breathing to aomething like quiet, and wait with his gun clubbed, before he heard the rustle of the aboriginal's rapid feet. The latter ran with his eyes fixed far before him, in the oonfi* dence of strength and apeed. After the spring to clear the trunk was mude, some rustling of the leaves or some movement of the hidden enemy attracted his attention, but it was too late Tho etook of th« reaoluto man's guv fall upon the aboriginal's buck with all tho force his muscular arms could bestow. The rifle was broken, and the pursuer fell prone and sente* less. Ourran looked ruefully at his guv, and listened before gliding away paat heavy screens of foliage. A time paaaed, and the durk figure lay on the tender graaa without motion ; then it rose and awayed on its aruia and hand*, much as the dying dog had done, finally crawling over to the tree, when with nil his strength he sent a oall far away upon the drowsy bush. Had he known that Ourran made • back trail, and was then looking at him with his cruel eyes, the call would not have beea uttered. The blackfellow had unknowingly exerted all hia energiea to astiat the eacape of his enemy. Then oame shortly the sound of running to the ears of white and blaok alike, and in a littlo time a oluster of aborigines had gathered round their disabled brother, and engaged in hurried words. He pointed in the direotion in which the overseer diaappeared, and their dark eyea looked that way, recognising theevidences of his pasaage. There was another period of heaitation an one of their number pioked up some of the fragments of the gun-stock and handed them round for in* speotion, but the polished wood was soon flung away as the party started down the trail, and it was with an appearance of satisfaction that the disabled man watched them disappear. The watcher aaw that his opportunity had come, and slipping from his hiding-place he walked quietly past the disabled black. He looked grimly at the gun-barrel still in his hand, a blow from which would have ended his sufferings, but he satisfied himaclf in a few sentences composed of broken English and Dative words, and ie a few minutes was out of tight. There fell upon the place that aileuuj which the voices of the trees, or the living things that aro their habitants, do not disturb. It fell among them ua the sunlight falls, only it per* vaded sun and shadow alike, and the helpless mnn was moveless. The hot hours passed ever till tbe last lights were high among the boughs, and the blackfellow ossnyed to walk. The tallest tree-tops grew sombre during his attempts, and tints flushed- tbe sky above where he lay despairingly down while the dark ness oame slowly on with its dew and with its aturs. But cool and quiet could not allay the thiret that fear and exertion had bestowed. His ear and instinct learned that a stream was flowing beyond, and the grass bent lankly with the damp as he rose upon his arms and strong hands and crept that way. His keen eyes saw fallen trunks and heavy armß of timber in the path, and so he twisted and struggled amongst them to the sounds of the running water. But the stream was dis tant. He must have been aware of this, for his portoverance seemed indomitable. He progressed tortuously but steadily towards it, trying to peer over tho grass from time to time with his wild eyes, and laying it behind him with his useless limbs. The weariness and the pain beoame too much at last, and it was only in short fevered efforts, still towards the water, that be spent the later and the darker hours. He had crept to a trunk that turned him from his course, and he tried to follow it down till his eyes, strained and weary though they were, must have discerned another yet untangled with its roots. Then the savage despaired, and his head fell heavily on his arm as one rests in sleep. The morning oame down among the trees, and the sun came with lights uud shades, and the sounds of life began, and birds flew out to tho warmth of tbe new daj> but the aboriginal lay prone in sleep or stupor. The day orept on as tbe night bad done before, its fierce lights drifting among the same shadows till they spread out and blurred and rose again upon the upper boughs. The seoond night bad grown into dawn before the man raised himself and orept about in ciroles like a belated child. Thus for another day, and then he lay down to die. If the trail of the laid grass told of the blaokfellow's struggles, there was no one to tell how he died, whether in the repose and the tranquil beauty of the place, under the blazing sky, or below the stars) whether battling with his maddening thirst or chilled in the heavy dews. Curran kept steadily on angling towards the station while crossing spans of timber, and showing evidences of weariness as he pro ceeded. In this way he gained shelter, while trusting to chances which might favor him on tho open to escape the vigilant natives some where on bis path. He had entered the lust timber belt to be crossed, and had made what reconnaitance he thought needful, when a sound punctuated his hurry as though it had been a blow. He turned to shelter, and gripped his guv barrel tighter. For a time he looked anxiously past boughs and foliage; then came from his lurking-plaoe abruptly and walked swiftly and without hesitation towards the iron gray horse he had left behind on the day pre vious j there was nothing to be seen but a dull spot moving in the grass now and tbea visible, and the oropping sound that told the story. Tuking the rope from his waist that had led the bloodhound that morning, Curran rapidly knotted it into a halter, and in a quarter of an hour be had found his bidden property, and was seated in tbe saddle. lie rode from shelter neither so quickly nor so carelessly as not to per ceive the aboriginals Ilittng in tbe direction of tbe uauul crossing instead of returning to tbe trees and brush or taking another route. He slackened tho hone's pace, and jogged slowly on as being altogether ignorant of tbe reception intended for him at tbe stream. Tbe stretch of bare land was nearly crossed before tbe sun showed close to the horizon, and from the brow of a slight descent that ran down to the crossing the rider looked upon the water that had caught the color of the sky and lay like a phthway of shining crimson between the irregular vegetation that lined its banks; but there was danger behind the mangroves and the cedars, and the face of the rider seemed more worn and more doubtful than it had yet been. Curran looked up and down the banks questioningly as he gathered up the reins, and the iron-gray showed that ho expected to be called on as be bore im patiently on the snaffle. 'Steady,' said the overseer, speaking for the first time since morning; 'we mast jump tb« Devil's Elbow, Buddie, or bleed to half-a Uuzen spear-points. There van ' Ue ducked just in time as the whirr of a spear passed over. I"tilling round the horse witli a sharp jerk ho fui! for a narrow reach, formed by overhanging rocks; but tho approach was rough and uueven, and the chances were all in favor of the horse stumbling or beiD<; unable to ride fairly to tbe leap, which was wide and dangerous. The horse had not mored from his course an instant before the blaokfellows guessed the rider's intention ; they were running swiftly to the spot as Our ran urged the horse to his utmost, but Budgerie seemed to recognise the danger as well h his master, and it was almost at raoing speed he nearei the jump. The bank was gained in time; the width of stunted shrubs that grew among the rooks flew past, and horse and rider rose well from the brink. The latter could not resist a whoop of triumph at the gallant effort of the horse, but it was soaroely uttered before three or fonr spears flew about the rider. One had pierced his clothes or his body, with the other end lying upon the horse's quarters j another entered the thigh, almost pinning it to the saddle just as they alighted safely. He spoke again, but faintly. ' Are you hit, too, old Budgerie, or hate you escaped P* This while meohanioally loosing the reins. ' You must have esoaped; you haven't started to the-the stating of one.* The OTer* seer began to speak like a drunken man. In fire minutes more he had resohed the stable, and in a short time thereafter the German and Dick Armstrong had assisted him to Blakely't parlor, and administered rum to keep him from fainting. They drew the spears from his wounds as tenderly and as carefully as their rough expert* enoe permitted, and they laid him gently upon the sofa where his master had so often lain and watohed the setting sun. Its glory had passed below the horizon, and only the palest flush of its splendor was on the sky. The man's gray impassive faoe had grown soft and white, and bis eyes had beoome tremulous with feelings he had known, as the sound of roioes he remem bered oame back bridging a wide chasm of years. Fast the clematis and the oreepers, with their bloom, lie looked upon the darkness falling softly among the stars, and the boundless hush of eternity crept up towards him with the night. He knew he had entered the Shadow of Death, and that the beauty of the lustreful days were over for him. He had teen the last of the rifts of light in the forest lands, and the skirts of the trailing shadows on the tree tops. The brightness and the repose of the still plains, the solemn wonder of the cragged bills, and the silver lisp of rain were over, and the unknown land was near with its silence, and its mystery, and its spaces, • where is no. region nor record of time,'and the great sleep stole upon him with its purifying and its rest. Thus Mr. Blakely found him, with his Christ mas Day ipent, with a broken spear beside him, and stains upon the floor. 