SOUTH AUSTRALIAN BAPTIST AS- SOCIATION ANNUAL MEETINGS. The annual meetings in connection with the South Australian Baptist Association were con tinued on Tuesday, September 14. There was a ministers' prayer meeting in the morning, and in the afternoon a ministers' conference was held at Glenelg. In the evening a public meeting took place in Flinders-street Lecture Hall, where there was a large attendance. The retiring Chairman of the Association (Rev. S. Mead, LL B.) vacated the chair in favour of the Chairman-elect (Rev. Morgan Lloyd), who called upon the Rev. S. Fairey to read THE ANNUAL REPORT. The Rev. S. Fairey, Hon. Secretary, read the annual report, which stated that 'Six times the committee, consisting of thirty members, had met for the transaction of business, the average attendance at its meetings being 182/3 the lowest fourteen, and the highest twenty - three; various sub-committees had also been appointed to deal with matters of importance, and all had achieved satisfactory results. The enthusiasm which prevailed at last annual meeting, and the readiness with which the deficiency of £107, as reported by the Treasurer, was met by personal subscriptions and promises, greatly encouraged a hope for a year of splendid usefulness through more abundant means being at disposal. Nevertheless, it was with consider able anxiety that the committee dealt for the first few months with the matter of grants to new and struggling Churches, as during that time the Treasurer reported a Urge balance due to himself. Totes in aid of such Churches as needed immediate assistance were therefore passed for three months only, but subsequently were confirmed for the year as financial prospects grew brighter. This action was not without a salutary effect, and, together with an. appeal to the Ch arches for quarterly subscriptions, produced so favourable a result that the Treasurer's receipts at tbe half year were considerably improved. The com* mittee hoped, therefore, that those Churches which had adopted the suggestion as to quarterly payments wonld merit like commendation next year, and that tbeir numbers would be l'-gely increased. The expenditure of funds had been characterized by carefulness. The Treasurer had a balance in hand of over £60. If funds had come to hand at an earlier date the committee would have enlarged its sphere of operations. The changes which had taken place this year among the ministers of Churches had been very numerous. The Rev. D. B. Gardiner, through illness, had resigned the pastorate of the Mor- pett Vale Church, and had been succeeded by the Rev. J. Hier, late of Wales, whom the com- mittee had great pleasure in welcoming. The Rev. H. Wood, encouraged by the promise of support, accepted at the beginning of the year the pastorate of the Church at Saddleworth, and unusual prosperity and blessing attended his labours. The Rev. W. Clare, after five years' pastoral oversight of the Angaston Church, had resigned his charge, but continued doing good service among the Churches and on committees. The Angaston Church had secured the able services of the Rev. G. P. Lush, late of Mel- bourne. Urgent private business having com- pelled the Rev. W. Jones to visit England, he reigned the pastorate of the Terowie Church, which pastorate is now vacant. The Rev. T. Page relinquished some months since the pastorate of the Laura Church, and is now on a visit to Victoria. The Laura Church at present remains pastorless. From Gawler the Rev. S. Fairey has removed to Parkside, having accepted the invitation of a committee to establish a Baptist Chnrch in that neighbourhood. At Gawler, the Rev. W. Clare preaches until a pastor be chosen. The Rev. S. Howard, having suffered from a dangerous and prolonged illness, felt constrained in search of rest and change to sever his connection with the Jamestown Church. The Rev. N. Rogers, who arrived with his family from England in June last, having visited Jamestown was invited to succeed Mr. Howard in the pastorate of the Church, and accepted the call. The Rev. H. J. Lambert was seeking health and rest in Europe. The last circumstance was the sudden death of the Rev. H. L. Tuck, of Stockport. Mr. Tuck had been twenty-nine years in this colony, labouring all the time in connection with the Baptist Churches. Highly esteemed and be- loved by all, he had passed away to rest. Efforts made to provide in some measure for the neces- sities of Mrs. Tuck and familv were meeting with liberal response. The committee during the year had been able to respond to every appeal for financial aid made by the Churches. Friends at Orroroo and Blackrock Plain, among whom the Rev. D. Badger labours, had received £100. The Rev. J. Price was reappointed committee's agent at the Semaphore for the year at a cost of £250; but of that sum £150 was in return guaranteed, and had been paid into the Associa- tion funds. In addition to those amounts the following payments had been made: — To Mount Barker, £25 ; to Hindmarsb, £50 ; to Saddle- worth. £ ; to Terowie, £ ; to Yorke's Penin sula, £~ ; and to the Parkside Committee, £12 10s. New Causes. — The committee reported the establishment of a new cause at Parkside. Some eight months ago its attention was called by Baptist residents there to the encouragement that growing neighbourhood offered for the establishment of a Church of their faith and order. The committee thereupon appointed a sub-committee to make enquiries and to proceed in the matter, meanwhile consenting to pay the cost of hiring for six months any suitable hall or room which could be obtained for holding services in. This sub-committee was unable to procure any such building, and consequently reported at the next meeting that nothing had been done, although it was fully convinced that is was important the denomination should occupy the ground at once. Tha committee added other names to the sub-committee, with instructions to commence at Parkside forth- with. This sub-committee speedily induced some seventeen Baptists to form themselves into a private committee, and to take the whole responsibility of tbe movement on themselves. This had resulted in the removal of the Rev. S. Fairey from Gawler to Parkside, the pur- chase of land, the acceptance of a tender for erecting a church building to seat 400 people, with large vestry attached, and the laying of the memorial stone of the new church on the 6th inst. amid circumstances which seemed most thoroughly to justify the action taken. The attendance at the preaching services on the day of opening was in excess of the accom- modation. At the Grange a new Baptist interest had been set on foot by Mr. T. E Powell, of Hindmarsb, in response to the wish of residents. Services had so far been held in private houses, but steps were being taken for the speedy erection of a chapel. The Rev. D. Badger formed a Church at Orroroo, which, with the Gumeracha Church, applied for admission. Churches Defunct. — At the early part ot the year the Church at Clarendon, being in great difficulties, and much diminished in numbers from various causes, was disbanded for a while. The Torrens Vale Church had also during the last few months ceased to exist. Building Fund. —For the speedy initiation of this fund on a satisfactory basis the committee appointed managers at the beginning of the year. These gentlemen had adopted regulations, and the fund was in active operation, largely to the benefit of many of tbe Churches. Separate reports would be presented, and the committee hoped to be able to state that the £1,000 capital had now been secured through the liberality of Mr. G. S. Fowler, the activity of the Treasurers, and the generosity of the Churches. Aged Ministers' Fund.— For some time past it having been felt that in regard to such of the ministers whose lives were non ?nsurable this fund was not sufficiently avail able, the committee had again revised the rules for the guidance of trustees, and a scheme hsd been adopted which might be of service to all our ministers. For the perfecting of this scheme the committee were largely iudebted to Mr. William Neill, the acting trustee of the fund, and the members of the sub- committee who co - operated with him. Separate reports of this fund, White's Fund, Truth and Progress, and the Denominational Library, would be presented in due course. Half-yearly Meetings. — These meetings, held at Mitcham, were this year an unqualified success. The interest shown in the meetings was greater than usual, and the attendances were large. Intercolonial Repre- sentatives — The committee some months ago received a communication from the Committee of the Baptist Association of Victoria, suggest- ing for its consideration a plan for intercolonial representation at the Annual Meetings of this Association, the New South Wales Baptist Union, and the Association in Victoria. This was to arrange for a deputation each year, for two of the colonies to visit another colony. The New South Wales Union having approved of the plan and an offer being made to send delegates this year, the committee assented to the sug- gestion, and consequently reported with great pleasure the presence at these meetings of the Rev. W. C. Bunning of Victoria, and the Rev. F. Hibbard of New South Wales.' Mr. A. S. Neill. (the Treasurer) read the financial statement, which showed that the receipts from vaiious sources had been £768 6s. 7d., and the expenditure £595 9s , leaving a credit balance of £65 13s. 8d. The year had been begun with a debit balance of £107 3s. 11d., and he thought it encouraging and a matter for congratulation to know that the year had ended with a balance to credit. (Hear, hear.) Several payments and promises had been made too late for the annual statement. CHAIRMAN'S ADDRESS. The Chairman (the Rev. Morgan Lloyd) de- livered his- annnal address. After referring to tte work and aims of the Association, he urged the importance of individual zeal and energy in the prosecution of the work of extending Christ's kicgdoai, at the same time pointing out thtt there were certain conditions under which success could be secured, vul, by a more thorough appreciation of their position and principles as Baptists on the part of tbe members, by increas ing stress upon thescriptDralism of their position, acd by. observance of divine commands. He set fcrtli tLe cricci&ks; of tha B&ptut; belief aad the strength of their position, urging that they should be broad with, the breadth of the charity cf the Almighty. Their principles must be lived up to, for if their principles were worth holding at all they were worth living— goiog upon the broad lines of truth, not^ working upon tbe narrow lines of denominationalism. Another condition of success was utilizing auxiliary agencies. In the Apcstolic Church operations were not confined to the preaching of the word alone. Those who had perfected their organization had made thn greatest progress. Much of the success of the primitive Church was traceable to organic de velopment through the utilization of auxiliary aid. Pointing out the sources of success in connection with the development and organiza tion of the Roman Catholic Church, the Anglican Church, and the Wesleyan Church, he showed how success was commanded by the steady drawing together and management of Societies connected with their initiation. ''Wesley wrought out his great reform in thought pure and simple and revolutionized the method of ecclesiastical operations. He demolished ecclesiastical caste at a blow when he affirmed that all men if moved by the Holy Ghost, though no jewelled hand had been placed on their heads, possessed all the necessary- qualification for breaking the bread of life unto the people ; and a neworder sprang up, anddidand were doing good work, increasing steadily in power and influence. The time-he (the speaker) thought had come when more thought should be devoted to the perfecting of some of their auxiliary agencies. The tendency was towards the consolidation of co- operation, and in that the Baptist denomi nation must cot be behind the times. Their lay agency ought to be utilized to a much larger extent than at present If they were to over take their work in the colony, they must look largely to their lay help, as the supply of minis ters was necessarily limited. Another impor tant question was that of recruiting the' minis terial ranks from time to time. Some further inducement should be offered young men to enter the ministry than there was at present, for the number of volunteers was very small. Another element of success existed in tbe cultivation of a higher type of Christian life. The conditions of colonial life to a certain extent tended, to lower the high standard of the Christian type but religion was able to overcome that which was contrary to true growth and progress. One commendable characteristic we had was our benevolence as a community, but that was only one feature, and it would be unsafe to attach too much importance to that and other good traits in our colonial character. We were apt to consider many things as being of more impor tance than religion. There should be no occa sion given for others to speak disparagingly of our religion, and the slightest tendency to strife or infidelity sbonld be shunned. To be obedient to our laws, to observe the courtesies of social life, to help those less favoured than ourselves, to love those who loved us. to H«b-n tn th« promptings of honour, was only to act like many others wno did not acknowledge any higher motive than that which humanity affords. Even a higher aim than that remained, and they must be distinguished from those who were no: Christ's if they would lead others to Him. They must demonstrate in their own lives the power of the Gospel to purge from selfishness, to stimulate in the pursuit of that which was highest and best, and to lay deep and firm foundations for holiness, honour, truth, justice, and charity. He pointed out that by fidelity to revealed truth another element of success was raised, and referred to the many conflicting theories and beliefs thit engaged the minds of men in connection with religion, urging the danger of being captivated by theory because it might be pleasing or apparently harm less. By bearing in mind that the work was not only for the present, but the future, a strong condition of success came up. It would not do to rest in present efforts of duty; but it should be borne in mind that wtatever was done must be regarded not as an end, but a means. In closing he said there was a great future in store for this and the other colonies, and in the hands of the Christian people the destiny of this colony to a certain extent lay. He therefore strongly urged all Christians to devote j themselves heart and soul to the great work of developing the purest religious feeling in the province, and inculcat ing the principles of purity, faith, and all those qualities thai made up a pious, blameless life. The proceedings were adjourned till this morning, when a prayer meeting is to take place at 10 45. to be followed by a business meeting. In the evening a sermon will be preached in the chnrch by the Rev. W. Dinnis. 