THE EFFECTS OF A PRACTICAL JOKB. Goesg the round at present is an bnuzuetave story which snows bow some young ladies played a practical joke on a young medical student, and soon wished that they had not hit on so brilliant a notion. A. number of yauns people were stsyiog ma house together. and Having exhausted all the more laauuar jokes, they conceived a novel idea. They would draw with phosphorous on the wall of the student's bedroom, a skeleton of hiaeoas mien; when be put out his candle, the thsag would slitter, he would ahnek, aad that would be There the laughter would come in. Daring the evening upon winch tbe scheme was put into execution they talked much of ghosts and easnaDv observed UisL n - iwiisi tbe oW legend about a akeletsn aa the house na absurd. It had been said to haunt aw room aarfaoiarly, bat no doubt he had a» fear of skeletons? He protested that be had not theleastfesr, that be should hte a akeletos to pmy with, and only hoped that if it came it would not harry off again; bat these pro tlsdl.am were act mnaidcird worth much, and when bedtime arrrred the student had retired, the vest of the party followed him and waited anxiously at the door. Thefaghtwas presently put oat; the skeletal began to gleam, and above bis head the studestsaw the legend written, 'Confess year asss.' The Sem Tort Times shall tell the rest of the story:— 'He uttered a ytfl af the mast terrible, and, to the roong people outside of his door, delightful descriotion. Then the wicked young student uegan'ia a lead tone of Taiee, bis confession. & confessed that on Wednesday snght be had kissed Mim Mary Bnwn mthe&rary; but be ?rgedapanthe Sef'tfast^e young lady bad vktaaBy re quested him to do so and that he did aet aee b way dear to refsae. Then he n.if.mni that he bad pranrised to many Miss Carrie DCOmL sufnasl luunaat DC fajad (aVQuwCB Bl fCOBUBB* Stffl,hecfaimedthathe would not have been thus faithless had he not seen her in aftr. iitmmir .isiisi mil ian with a vauag broker whom he gamed, and had she sat aubsujatsil. admitted that she had prnaused to marry that 'addkvpsted youth,* as she accurately deacribedhim. Abo the student, who is «m ilimiiti ?1^aba»g^^ctt^»m^'** of Aaaniaafnrther confessed thai he avant no barm when be knaed M3ss Kate in the vestibule cf the church on Christmas tmwmw^ and (hat he would never do so again. By (his time (he young people outade the door had fled. The three young ladies whose names had been lasWaaBtl. jfi tha* tawSdiol tr\ \tfl'™'tfi' I f 'TVWIIlaW wept indignant tears, aad piutealud that the 'wretch knew that be was telling stories; while the other young ladies said the} hoped that such was the case, but (hat it did seem wery p ?? 'vtti avaid. SsuwCctc in Waul be aTaUisL Tke party at faccak£»t next BucniDg vas glo-jmy, no teEenaiee was Bade to the subject ^g|s-| qq aTsteletaoiis have T'*^*** tuipeazdl tuO tfap yoang fft-adwitv — Sporting erndbrwrnatie Katm. Old Ues in New Yobk.— Ukay of the most nspoosifale places in firms and corpora tsMmsarc bddb^ iiat^ofvevcul^CBrtiKfcUMMite* and they evince bo disposition to retire. New Yort is noted for riganm oo. In no city on tbe tTVmriTwpt.. and in faanfiy any city m Europe, can so many hale, 'active men oCtdxty five and apwards be found. Walking in Bnmdvay, Wall or Broad streets, in Fifti A-venne, or any of tike principal thoroogfafxrea, one can hardly fail to be struck by tbe gixy or wnite bans and wzinkkd faces conpkd with erect, clastic forms, and snppleneEs and rapidity of aurremeni. There appear to be nomberless ancient heads on comparatirely yonng shaaldere. Hie opinion long prevailed that rural regions and rural pursuits favoured longevity, bat if it were so once, which is very datnoas, it is not so now.—S'ett Tori Timts. CussGtc the Isfobxer. — At cnrsmg the Chinese surpass all tbe people of the earth. The gxmbling-hoase keepers who were lately convicted in Sydney for allowing people on their premiaes, have employed two Baddhist priests to .Mtitfmiri*. WOly Bielly, the half, caste, who assisted the police. The priests have been at it day and night, spell and epell about, for three days. They commenced at the top of WOly BieDy's head, and cursed every hair, every pore, and everything else down his right side, and they are now nearly np to his left shoulder. They are doing tbe work thoroughly. After finishing np with Willy, they hare, in accordance with Uon gotian practice, to corse all his relations, however remote, and his ancestors back to the 16th generation. They expect to finish the job in about three mouths, if tbe vemther holds op.— Erejuaij AVws. Watchikc the Keu-tGasc— Tbe Xortk EasterH Emjdgn thus writes respecting the Eelly outlaws :— ' If a constable or stranper is seen in the valley of the King Rirer. the fact is carried straight to tbe KellyB by bosh telegram*. It is not necessary that tbe tele graph should speak to the Eefiys. or even see them. A certain way of tying a handkerchief on the sleeve of a coat, when riding along a bosh track, consiatues a cypher word which the outlaws can read without showing them Eelves from one of their watch towers. Tbe gang have gives np all hope of bemg aide to waiting game, which most mevitslily be won by the police ; but whether the end will come in a month, or six moatabs, or twelve, bo one can aay. The present *»p— 'irtV1' of amply watching tbe Kellys i* costing tie colony nearly £5000 *-ye*r; »xA all the return the colony geta for tbe money is **»— tibat the police haxe deprived tiie oiun of all hope of eaope, that tfeeyan leading * wretched life of s-onety, nd d«fly becommg less aad katnstfolof tieirfriamdB. Utteontft*. tttitkm to km- ttatthey hare beseSectady oneni ml that their captore or Am& m oarya. ift'w af time. We fcnow«d«otba* -— -T|t-.; *-, E|_ a nlii aa II ??111! I I ? snf ? IIXLJ- an. aaWasntHK UBaC aaaMCDeT OuaXDRaK S VTIMUC Dl tbe Mfected Amtxict bam become xmpoMule.*3 