IRELAND. OUR LAND COMMISSION. (I'rom the Freeman Special Co m miss iona \y .) XIII. Castlebar, Tuesday. I Before saying good-bye to the beautiful wilds of the West, let me cast one lingering look behind through the shadowy gorges of those Delectable Mountains by which I passed out of Counemara, as out of another Valley of the Shadow of Death. The entire scene lies framed before my mind's eye as in a picture— from the last trembling woman I left behind me on the Letterfraek-road, moaning with cold and hunger, to the first threatening flash of a dragoon's scarlet coat in Ballinrobe. All between was giant soli tude. Here is the deep-mouthed pass of Kylemore, its lion-like mountain with shaggy mane of forest ; its lake half glittering in sunny joyance, half shrouded in black mys terious shadow ; the turrets of its white palace gleaming as in a fairy tale. This is Killery Bay, piercing like a crooked silver sword miles mto the silent heart of the mountains, where they stand in solemn circle around Leenane, smiling or frowning, black ening or brightening, according to the humour of the wanton sun— re-echoing impartially now the empty laugh of a Cockney tourist, now the sad evening cry of the water-fowl, like a moan of distress out of the glooming waters underneath. Now we are climbing high into the cloven heights through the seldom travelled passes of the Joyce country. For eight miles we crawl at the feet of mighty mountain peaks crowding about the thin lineof roadway upon either side like giants to bar the way ; some with gloomy beetling brows, channelled as with deep wrinkles by the course of winter torrents ; some broken into fantastic towers and pinnacles and curtain walls of rock like an illuminated eastern city ; at one moment girt with storm-clouds black as a pall ; the next clad in raiment of transparent violet. No sooner have we emerged from the overhanging walls of the passes than the jagged heights of Maum Turk mountains cluster together on the northern horizon, and Lough Comb unrolls its broad silver page, enriched with woody islands, far away to the south. I seem to plunge again into the recesses of Glancraig in its basin of towering hills, where springed vehicle never yet penetrated, where the cen turies have gone by and made no more change than if Cahal More of the Wine-red Hand were still seated on the Connaught throne ; where not one peasant out of a dozen can even stammer in the English tongue ; where a degenerate Gael like myself had to address the people through an interpreter, as in a strange land. I seem to float once more among the blushing evening hills, across the waters of Lough Mask, rowed by a bronzed and rosy Lady of the Lake, to see around me those picturesque groups in the white flannel cloaks and scarlet petticoats, chattering their soft Gaelic, to hear through the open door of a ' corphouse,' where they were waking an old woman, the plaintive uhilu of the Irish keeners, as I had never heard it raised before, following a certain wild tune of its own, rising and falling, as the sound came weirdly over the lake in the darkness, now startling as the shriek of a banshee, now soft and solemn as church music. Did I say that the Joyce Country has been altogether untouched by ' the process of the suns ? ' It has felt as. keenly as if it were in the full blaze of the Zeitgeist the influence of the two chief agencies of Irish civilization in this nineteenth century — crowbars and rack rents. Tho very chapel of Finnea was levelled at the command of a landlord ; and the late wretched Lord Leitrim raised the rents in the deepest of these mountain glens 200 and 300, and even GOO per cent., as though they were the most civilized1 regions in the world, and haggard men and heartbroken women are at this moment speaking the Irish dialect of the language of despair there as eloquently as if they delivered themselves in choice English. Tho shadow of coming famine haunted me as far as the Galway mouth of these defiles ; at the Mayo end. I emerged upon redcoats and decrees of ejectment. The Ballinrobe barracks were crowded with newly-arrived horse and foot ; in the Ballinrobe courthouse tho county court judge was signing 3d, decrees for possession. Was it the com mencement of a campaign ? Jiist two months ago I began my mission, as I am ending it, in this town of Castlebar. I then wrote — ' Already after three days' investigation I am able to answer decisively that we are passing into, and not out of, such a crisis as has never appalled the Irish farmer since the potato rot of 184(3.' If I stop to recall how a proposition which has since come to to be in every man's mouth as a truth plain as daylight, was derided at the time as mad and wicked exaggeration, it is because in credulity has not even yet altogether given up the ghost. Therefore, after having since made my way into almost every quarter of five great counties — Tipperary, Limerick, Clare, Galway, and Mayo — the richest in the South as well as the poorest in the West — having examined the results of agriculture under various conditions as to soil, capital, and system — and having compared the evi dence of (literally) thousands of persons of all ranks and conditions pertaining to land — I now in cold blood solemny declare that the only regret I have in reviewing all that has been written in these columns upon the subject, is, that my words were too feeble to depict in half its ararni ing depth and breadth the calamitous crisis which has overtaken the Irish farmers, and of which, I am firmly persuaded, we are still only witnessing the commencement. When I was here in August, gloomy as was the outlook, there were still some coquettish possibilities of a good harvest. The corn which was then yellowing has since rotted on the fields, or ' malted' in the barns. The potatoes, over which the first breath of dis ease was then passing, have since perished in millions. I wrote at that time that the very best harvest that could be dreamed of could not cure the present deep-rooted depression, and it has turned out the very worst harvest that could be dreaded. Apart from the fate of the stuff in the semblance of hay which is still putrefying upon some meadows, as if we were in the full flush of summer, or of the odd fields of uncut corn, which the rainstorm beating against my windows at this moment will put out of their agony, the farmers now know the best or or the worst, and I have received irresistible evidence upon all sides that the Mayo or Galway working farmer who has this year produced 9 cwt. of marketable gram per acre, or who saves a half ton of healthy potatoes per acre from his crop, or a ton of nutritive hay to the acre from his uplands, may rub his hands in thankfulness when he looks over the hedge and compares notes with his neighbours. Doubtless the estimate here made does not represent the yield m ravoured tillage counties ; but neither does it represent the incredible blight and devastation which has ravaged the food of the people in those places where of all other the. blow was deadliest. The danger of downright famine will be in proportion to the extent to which the potato was depended upon as the staff of life ; and along the whole western coast there is none other to be depended upon. Over large tracts of Con- ! naiight, supposing., the landlord should not claim a penny of his rent, nor the shopkeeper a penny of his account, I have already warned the Government— for on their heads be the responsibility— that if the people are abandoned to their own resources they must die, inevitably, of starvation — certainly in hundreds— probably in thousands. If the landlord and the shopkeeper should come in to divide the miserable spoils between them, what may be only isolated dangers of starva tion will beyond all question swell into wholesale famine. Let there be no mistake about it, the entire produce from every source of the average Galway or Mayo small farm would not in many — perhaps I should say in most cases afford the humblest sustenance to the farmer and his family throughout the year, and would in no case leave a margin repre senting more than a fractional dividend to his creditors. The arbitrament of the strict law at this moment would wreak as much havoc as the arbitrament of the sword itself. Its least result would be the bankruptcy of almost the whole community. It would sentence thousands of families to eviction, to the workhouse, to the most horrible of all deaths. The shopkeepers have frankly recognized this almost to a man. Although the debts due to. them have grown to be as thick as leaves in Vallambrosa, legal processes of re covery were never before so little resorted to. As shrewd men of business, living on the spot, acquainted with their debtors' means, versed in the secrets of their hearts, they are forced to confess that there is no attenuating, no disguising, the utter nakedness and in solvency of the small holders. Landlords groan like martyrs over the hardship of receiving . only 80 per cent, of the debts of a single half-year after pocket ing trebled rentals for twenty. Poorer shop keepers, every shilling of whose capital, perhaps, is at stake, not merely abate 10 or 20 per cent, of their revenue, but, after waiting patiently for two years for their money, thankfully accept 10 or 20 per cent., when they can get it, and when they cannot, raise no howl for dragoons or coercion. And while the former class of creditors have done nothing to earn the debtor's gratitude except to sack, and harry, and spoil him at intervals, the latter have saved him time and again from the agonies of a starveling's death. Few, I think, will be found to gainsay that whatever poor superflux the small farmers may be able to spare above the immediate necessities of their families, the first destina tion of at least a fair proportion of it should be to reward the marvellous forbearance of the western shopkeepers, and so enable thorn to repeat it in the still more trying times which are approaching. I do not mean to say that they stand alone in the still more trying times which are approach ing. I do not mean to say that they stand alone in wise and generous sacrifice. Most heartily do I recognize the spirit in which a considerable proportion of the land lords of Mayo have accepted their chare of the calamities of the time. It is sad to find that as a general rule it is those who are least able who have made the heaviest sacrifices. Men whose rents have never been exorbitant have pinched themselves to surrender large portions of their incomes, while some have re turned no answer to the cry for mercy, but ' It is not so nominated in the bond.' For example, if there was an estate in the county Mayo upon which the tenantry might have blushed to appear as petitioner it is that of Mr. Thomas Tighe, near Kilmaine ; and it is precisely he who has spared their feelings by relinquishing one-fifth of his rental un asked. Again, the 90,000 acres owned by Yiscount Dillon are let, generally speaking, about the level of the Poor-law valuation. In abating 30 per cent, of the rents of the small holders, he has made a more substan tial concession than if certain of his neigh bours, . who have overleaped the Poor-law valuation as lightly as the Seventh Com mandment, were to present their tenants with a full twelvemonth's free acquittance. Probably there are some others who have announced no abatement, because they recog nize that the offer of an abatement to people who have nothing to give would be like ' sending them ruffles when wanting a shirt.' There are numbers of estates along the At lantic seaboard and upon the islands where all the power of law and all the terrors of eviction cannot wring a pound out of people who are without a penny. But there are thousands of tenants in Mayo to whom a generous reduc-. tion would bring real relief, who are still clamouring in vain for compassion. The no surrender body of the landlords, though they are few and faint, are fearless still. Armed as they are with soldiery and extra police, there is no knowing to what wild ex tremities they may proceed to cut their pound of flesh out nearest the hearts of the people, as soon as the nonpayment of the November rents will have exposed thousands of. tenants to eviction. One trembles to think of the consequences of attempting any new system of. clearances after the pattern of 1849 against an inflamed and. desperate peasantry, organized without or ganization, and united as they were never united before by the instinct of a deadly ' common danger. I am happy to think that no such colossal crime is possible. The public conscience, the example of the many good landlords, the self-interest of the bad ' ones, . forbid it. There is no use in torturing men for money which they plainly have not. There is no profit in dispossessing one tenant when there is not the smallest prospect of finding another. The disease is so desperate that it must cure itself ; or rather that the difficulty about the present gale must be driven out and swallowed up by the greater difficulty about the next gale and all gales to come. Changes are brewing. There is no more use in controlling them than lightning in the 1 night.. A cooler temper is beginning to prevail. As soon as the present nervous excitement on both sides has calmed, it will probably be found that the landlords have settled themselves down with more or less equanimity to accept a moderate dividend of their rents, and that the tenants have set themselves loyally to pay it. Liberal sacrifices, then, in order to husband the resources . of those who have not as yet been swept off their feet — employment upon some, great scale in order to keep pale Famine from the doors of those who, two months hence, will have nothing to eat and no human prospect of getting anything — these are as plainly the first necessities of the hour as to throw ropes to drowning men. But when haply generous landlords and a generous Government have done their part — ? when the brunt of winter has been broken without the ruin of a home, or a death by starvation— the difficulty will simply have ? been pushed six months forward. It will be but healing over the surface of a deadly wound. The revolution which has over turned every other incident ox agricul ture has scaled the doom of raekrents. The most moderately-rented estate iu the island is let as high as the present con ditions of Irish farming will warrant. In the vast preponderance of cases the existing cases will, be impossible. Raekrents are not the only part of the sjjstem that is crumb ling. The entire fabric is tottering to its .fall. It is no part of my function here to dip into the legislation of the future — I have studied to give the world a faithful picture of the actual condition to which the land laws have brought' the Irish farmers in the Golden Yein of Tipperary as well as among the rocks of Cpprnemai'ra — the remedy is for others — but, Yritli my memory still vividly ihaunted bj^ hundreds of tales and scenes which might well ' turn the coward's arm to steel, the sluggard's blood to flame,' I cannot close my task without registering the conviction, which every successive day's experience has stamped deeper and deeper into mv soul, that no half-hearted reform can cure, no paltering legislation can palliate, the insufferable evils of the existing Irish land system ; that landlordism at its best is a drag upon industry and a slur upon manhood ; that landlordism, as the late Lord Clarendon avowed, is ' legalized fraud ;' that intoler able burdens and insecurity have taken all lieart and pith out of Irish industry; and that the heartburnings and scandals will con tinue, the land lie half-tilled, and the Irish tenants waver, with the seasons, between lives of pauperism and deaths by famine un til the entire system is torn up by the roots, and the peasant made the owner of the land he tills. 