? IRELAND. THE FAMINE. The Tablet thus summarises the immediate causes of the famine '.—Everyone knows in a general way that the. distress in Ireland has been caused by a, succession of unfavourable seasons,' the depreciated value of agricultural produce, »nd the partial failure of the potato crop of last year. But it is not until we look into figures that we can realise the magnitude of the crisis through -which the Irish people are passing. Anyone who notes the statistics referred to by Mr. J. iGr. MacCartby in the House of Commons will cease to wonder at the widespread destitution which prevails in Ireland. For the three years 1874-6, the total produce of the potato crop in that country was 11,219,274 tons ; for the three following years, 1877-9, it was only 5,397,455 tons, the deficiency amounting to 8,921,819 tons, which at a low average represents a money balance of £17,500,000 sterling. There has been at the same time a decrease of 33 per cent, in the produce of cereals, and the whole Talue of Irish crops as between 187S and 1879 showed a falling off amounting to over ten millions, a sum not very short of the annual valuation of the entire country. Such very serious facts as these go far to account for the prevailing destitution. Another indication of the severity with which the iudustrial and thrifty part of the population feel the pressure of the times is st un iu t'ie returns furnished by Registrar-Oeu;iral of the bank deposits. In 1S7G r.hey amounted to £69,906,030, in 1879 they were only £66,260,000, showing a falling off of no li?ss than £3,04(5,030. The failure of the pori.to crop last year, independently of all other causes of distress, caused, according to the computation of Dr. Hancock, a mowy loss of 110 less than £4,626,000, and we must remember how much of this fidls upon the classes least abli! to sustain it, uutu'sly, tue uottier tenants in the west and suuth-weat of the country. THE HIERARCHY ON THE STATE OF THE COUNTRY. Most of the Irish bishops made allusion to the sad condition of the country in their Lenten Pastorals. His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin says:—"We should also pray with great earnestness for our own dear country. In His infinite wisdom and fatherly providence the Almighty has permitted sore trials to fall upon her. Distress prevails throughout the land; the dread spectre of famine Ijas already appeared amongst us ; those to whom the people have a right to look for efficacious help have hitherto seemed dep.f to the numerous and pressing appeals made to them by those most competent to spenk in their behalf. But as * our help is in the name of the Lord, who made the heavens and the earth,' let us turn to Him iu whose hands are the hearts of rulers, that He may give to those placed in authority the bowels of mercy and compassion for our afflicted people. For this purpose the clergy of the diooese will, in every Mass till the Feast of our Lord's Ascension, when the rubric allows it, insert the Collect, ' Deus refugium nostrum,' etc., and, in all the churches and chapels where it can be conveniently done, there will be exposition of the Most Holy Sacrament on 'the second Sunday of Lent, from the termination of last Mass to the close of the day, when Benediction may be given. Before Him Who once 6aid, ' I have compassion on the multitude,' etc., and who followed up His words of compassion by an act of omnipotence, let us pray that He may grant to our people patient submission to His holy will, and to our rulers the spirit of wisdom and justice." The Bishop of Down and Connor writes:—"That barrenness and consequent famine are the punishment of sin we see evidenced in every stage of human hiBtory. The same Providence so arranges in our own day as waB done (Acts : ii.) when Agabus, moved by the Holy Ghost, foretold a famine over the whole; world, which came to pass in the days/of Claudius Caesar, when the early Christians, isent their subscriptions to the brethren in Judea by the hands of Barnabas ahd ! of Saul, as our Belfast Catholics have 'sent recently in a Christian spirit stihV js^antial aid to the distressed mother parts of Ireland through the hands of similar agents, and as a great effort of «harity is also now doing through other johannels. It 'If' therefore uisfait^ritf;ia 5 icruel—to aaoribe' the present distress, al»«! too general over the whole country, either to want of industry and virtue lei |the people, or to laxity in the principles of equity and ofownership ihculoated by their religious teachers—or, we may add, as far as we can ascertain, to any authenticated and unjust demsnd put forward by political leaders for the redress of grievances.. > ; •.'•••. In the great crisis thrbugb which our couutry ia now passing we are thus thtown back on first principles aud past experience to find out both ttie c&uae; ana remedy f or the distress now so prevalent., Let us speak our miud to you freely. "We care not how many workhouses may be full oi empty, and we smilei at the chronicling (if the victims of distress by au array of official statistics. This gives little information, and does little good. No. • T eu us how many can obtain employment and we can easily know with the hunger of how many in auy locality we have"to sympathise 1 Where wages can be earned there will be no famine. Even where crops have failed foreign breadstuffs can be had for wages, and wageB can supply the want. For industrious people to be left to starve is the greatest inhumanity, and the weakening of all social strength. It is the ruin of the commonwealth, and therefore bad and indefensible government, for paternal duty is to supply food through employment." After an expression of his views on the inadequacy of relief committpes to meet the emergency, and of his opinion that the first object of public organisation should have been to ask Government to provide employment • for the people, his lordshi p proceeds:—" If we passed over in silence the present affliction of our people, our Lenten Address would be sorely defective, when the pastor should speak with no uncertain sound, even though his admonition be disregarded. The remedy for the present evils we have indicated; aud whether employment be provided or not, the distress has reached that stage that alms cannot now in any use be dispensed with, and the greater the want the higher the reward to those who give. As to the future, there seems to be a chorus of unanimity. We must do no in justice to any class, but uphold the rights of all—landlords as well as tenants, and, if contracts >ire one-sided and unfair, they must be rectified, not by violent social disruptions, but by supreme competent authority. Whether a man has become own r of land by inheritance, by industry, Ly donation, or even by a persecuting confiscation, the public good will be better secured by full compensation being given to a willing vendor than by any spirit of retaliation for past wrongs." The Bishop of Ossory writes:—"The widespread {distress from which so many of our people are at present suffering makes it more imperative on. us to devote ourselves with earnestness to prayer aud penance during the approaching Lent. Three seasons of bad harvests, and of commercial depression, have brought dire famine, with all its sufferings and all its anxieties for the future, to our very door. In some parts, indeed, more than others, this distress, with its overwhelming miseries,has already been felt; the charity ' which has been shown by •some persons in England, and still more by our brethren in Australia and the United States, is beyond all praise. Were it not for the generosity aud the promptness with which they responded to the appeal made by the venerable bishops and clergy of the famine-stricken districts, the public Press would have had, ere this, to repeat the harrowing recitals which ushered in the great famine of 1846." The Bishop of Achonry, in whose diocese there has been deep and widespread destitution, writes:—"We have unhappily to encounter the shameless abandonment of -starving thousands by a heartless Government. But there is a God in Israel, as of old, and let us piously and confidently have recourse to Him during these days of our national calamity, and on the recurrence of the penitential time and exercises of Lent. And first, let us pray for ourselves, dear and devoted brethren of the clergy, that God may inspire and enable us to discharge our onerous and anxious duties according to our respective offices and opportunities, in alleviating the dire distress which prevails from end to end of our<liocese, aud which is soon to go by a new name, the dreadful name of Famine." Let us. resolve, with God s grace, to leave nothing untried to save our poor people, to give what we can spare ourselves from our scanty means, aud to appeal on their behalf to every source of well-known public and private charity in and out of Ireland. Seoondly, let us pray for our flocks, that they may be saved from the awful trial of famine, a trial 'that involves many temptations, and'consequently inany dangers to their immortal souls ; arid that God may, " 1 His mercy, be pleased to raise np mends to aid : them, friends at home and abroad. The Bishop; of Clogher writes : to hi* clergy r—> Whilst stimulating yo« people: i ito i <stme, j by / fivety lBgitimw effort, for the amelioration of their sota» andpolitioal condition,especially througn the improvement of the laws; regulating the tenure of land, warn them again" every unconstitutional oourse, and au connection -with secret and illegal socieue* and combinations." 