IPSWICH B9OCOUI1../ -CLASS ,ENxTERTAIN-1 J UL MENT. It affords us evsiderable pleasure to be ablblto speak in highly complimentury terms of the entertain ment given by the members of the Ipswich Elocution Cl?ase?a tle School of Arts on Thursday eivning last -the forty-ninth ~el its annals, but the first since its resuscitation. Judgiong by the manner in weichthe members acquio el?henisd?bea jo= the ooeen'on, we have no doubt that, with the new bloodinfused into it, the old class will bheable, as in former years, to.o? colup'u I'roiniinent end binburable' position amonugst the hisriglei instittions of thie colony. 'bheasttried dance on the occasion, though not large, was encourag ing. We feel sure, however, that tlhe erites of the elnss must have been underrated by thle general public, who could esarelyfhavc antiolpated a perfot·manciof so ecnelleut p elat cteas the one oen Thbradoy night proved. Tie peformsane commenced hy an overture on the pianoforte played by thle Misess Parker with much taste. These young ladies also presided at the st6ument when required during thie eyechirig- TA logse wag next aed in goed style by the presidenat dof'theelss, Mr. Oa. F. Obubb, and was as fellows:- Thsa'fr~fr seasonis in bleolsuman iiif: Tiraiwoies the Spiing, willijoyous hope full rife, And aspirations of moat buoysot.kind, . Stautpilg;ambition on the youthful tind.s Then Summer bursts with glow apoe the heart, And:e4iihood starts to grasp the active part Whiheb soehao loead-ambition to its goal; But trn the tiep is alimb'd the human soul Drinesoff deep draughts of disappointed aims, And leaves thebrpw undecked with laurel claims. Theni Abttimn sldosly creeps uiponthe scoe, u And.viewsthe Pilgrim in hIis alter'd mien palai anl resigned, and 'ih 'this happy state HoerebtA deold Winter and ancepts his fate. Thlis picture, just reflercted in a glabs, Pourtrays oui Ipswicl histrionic aelss, Which, usher'd into life with le als high, Dreamn'd only of suceess-ne'er thought to'die; And for a Cime pas'd thro' its stages well, Loring amidst'jo pi'adits thus to dwell. But when its summrir's sun began to set, And nature look'd for payment of ler debt, A flickering energy we tried t' impose, And/for a period chlloroform'd the muse While all onur basakin'dl stare threw off the dust Blseath thelsir.feat, and to the:city exodus'd; And left behelind, sole mournful resident, saes dramu ie ?ersonne President. , The ?tsgde soon came to grief, and for a while Moe~ound of arolio-cold dill care beguiole ; Oii:Eloeution Class, once so elated, Had been dissolv'd and all its hones cremated. iut, as the chemists tell us old Dame Nature Abhors a vacuum, as.Pat abhlors the crather; Sp.sho has rais'd from out her Athens store A band ost hew recruitse-at least a score Of Phamnixgrowth from out the parent nest In pnbnhood form who never knew the breast;' Who, thus uittaur'd and untrain'd in art, Come boldly forth to play the actor's part, And, fully trusting you'll bh very kind: Applaud- their efforts, to: their faults be blind. The brologuo was eucCeeded by a comic drama en fitled "ThePost f Honour." This passed off sery well on the whole, although once or twice a slight hitch oecurred, whichl, of course, a little extri study of their p?rts by the actors will obviate in thle fuature. The princdpal parts fell to Messrs. F. Sturgoes and C. L?eitb Hay, who erlonaouted Cobus Terksaud Trudehen (a woman) respectively. Their acting was much sdmired, and was really beyond what might hare been expeeted from amateurs--it would hlave done credit to rdofessionsls-both performers entering so heartily iste e~so spirit of the piece. Their efforts on several ob??adsions elicited the loud applause and hearty .nghtter of the audience. The acting of the part where thie gallantotue. tiheo ex-gardener, supported by tr?e presence of his Tradphen, shoots the supposed ghost fairly brought down tihe house. The minor characlbors wereuals, very well taken. The chlaracterr of Burgo master Bothereerk was capitally personated by Mr. W. Scott, as was Adele, his daughter, by Mr. W.-C. Kilner. A fair slhare also fell to Heero. W A. Smith, jun., and St. Ledger, aym~nrd Peadae'eus and his man respectively. After ao interral of ten minutes, the -second part oI the entertainmenut commened. 'lThe president unaosnced thtsd, in lies of the song set don' on the programm'ae .fdr Mer . J M. Macdonald, Mr. Sturgess would give "The Wedding Breakfast. The able rendering of this mirth.proroking piece was mucqh appreciated by the audience,andat its conclusion Mr. Sturgess wase recalled, and bowed his acknowoledg. ments. Mr. St. Ledger then gave a song, entitled " My Grandfather's Clook," in a manner that elicited an enreore, to wlich he responded by singing another verse of the same song. The entertainment con eluded with the farce " An Ugly Customer." This created much merriment, Mr. J. P. Smith acting the part of the retired, thoughl ratler cmbarrassed, grocer, almost to perfection. Sopsic was ably personated by' Mr. Leith IIoHey, who made un.excellent lady. Mr. Milner took the part of JMary, the servanttgirl, Mr. Barrymore that of Albert eseton, a young man in love withl Sopeia, and Mr. J. MI'Lan that of Soap. draoon; Ilo ugly customer. With thie rexceptioa of thle slighet bitchb referred to before, the piece went off amoothly, the effcrts of the actors baing loudly applauded. At the close Mr. Chubb anouunced that, the entertainment havieg passed off so satisfactorily, it would be repeated shortly in aid of the Irish fdmine relief fund. 