TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY, Tuesday. In the Assembly to day, Mr Barbour moved the adjournment of the House, in order to urge the Government to withdraw from sale a large quantity of Crown lands advertised for auction to morrow at £1 per acre After a discussion the Government declined to accede to the request Mr Cameron moved a resolution that the Government should bring in a bill to stop Chinese immigration but withdrew it on a statement being made by the Premier that he was in communication with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of taking joint action to restrict Chinese immigration The Council sat to night, but the business was unimportant The Orient sailed to day for London, via Melbourne, with a large number of passengers Her cargo included 332 bales of wool, 8,000 ingots of tin, 30,000 ingots of copper, l,o71 cakes of copper, and 2 800 cases meat Trickett leaves for England on Thursday overland to catch the Orient at Melbourne The Tumut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bushranger They have watched him a long time Collins, a Tumut blacksmith knew Byrnes when he was a groom in Victoria, and brought horses frequently for shoeing Collins pointed him out amid a group in the Royal Hotel billiard room and says if it is not Byrnes it must be his ghost The prisoner is remanded for further identification The steam collier Woniora ran on to the Sandy Beach at Bondi, a few miles south of Sydney Heads, last night. She remained ashore till 9 this morning, when she was towed off uninjured, having jettisoned 100 tons of coal A fire occurred at the stables at Harkina'a Criterion Hotel, Moruya, yesterday, and two mail horses were destroyed The fire is supposed to be the act of an incendiary. Mr Arthur Sketchley commenced his entertainment at the School of Arts to-night There was a fair attendance The weather is very bleak and dull Arrived -Esk, s a , from Launceston Sailed -Wotonga, b a , Barrabool, a a for Melbourne. QUEENSLAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) BRISBANE, Tuesday. At the sale of runs in the unsettled districts to day, the greater portion realised the upset price. St Andrew run, in the Mitchell district, brought 48s a square mile, the highest price. Mr. Simeon Low was the purchaser SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR OWN COIffiESFOhDEM ) ADELAIDE, Tuesday. An influential movement has been initiated to introduce Hospital Sunday here Aninqueatwas held this evening on the body of Henry V llham Wording, who was brought into the hospital the previous night insensible, and died this morning. The in quest was adjourned to enable the police to make inquiries into the matter Mr Gordon, land agent, has left Adelaide secretly His creditors hold a meeting to day, and resolved to apply to make him insolvent The adjourned inquest on the body of the infant found in the back promises of the Old Colonist Inn was resumed to day The jury brought in a verdict that the child was still- born Helen M'Namara, the mother of the child, was taken into custody by the police on the charge of concealment of birth News has been received by the Marine Board that a man named Partington drifted away in an open boat on June 7 from Port Vincent A cutter was sent after him, but was unsuccessful in finding him The steamers Ceres and James Comrie are requested to keep a look out when crossing the gulf The Royal Crown Quartz, Heathcote, shares sold to day at 7s 3d NEW ZEALAND (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS ) WELLINGTON, Tuesday. Mr O Rorke, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, has been knighted HOKITIKA, Tuesday Sailed, this day-Albion, 8.8 for Melbourne via Newcastle 