The libel case of Ward versus Derrington has at last brought itself to a close, after the public, had made up its mind that it could well have spared its inordinate. I , .-i /»! li 44nttl «» /Irtf ftlld I IT LLC I Ijf UC/UOiLIO. the unutterable Hastiness which was; .hinted at rather than uncovered during the progress of the case, we da not propose to speak. We. have not sullied; our pages with it during the progress of the trial, and there is certainly no occasion tor it now. All those iu the court and out of it whose duty it was to listen to it all, are- devoutly to. be. pitied, more particularly as the event has proved that it might nearly all have been kept out of the case, that the introduction of the greater part of it was only rendered necessary by the extraordinary way in which the case was conducted, and, that if the. issue ha-d; becu more clearly and Concisely led up. through the. proceedings, a verdict might have been arrived at. Everybody in the remptest way connected with public life, must have heaved a sigh of relief at the. conclusion of the case, for it seemed impossible, to. say whether its sphere, vould not go. on for ever, widening- until everybody had. passed, through the. witness box under- the banner of plaintiff or defendant. Surely it was unnecessary to, put in the. long siting of writings by the defendant, published prior to the. libel complained of, for the one purpose of proving malice. The result of it was. to, transform the Supreme Court in a solenjn, registry office for the gossip of the city.. Talk,, which would disgust the sensitive, and tittle-tattle, which at any time- would, make the judicious.. grieve, are recalled; tronij l.ong. torgotcen. conversations, and; marie, to. do. duty as '-'- evidence" in bolstering up. a feeble- cause. If any good purpose, whatever has. been served by the trial, it has. been, the obtaining from tbe Chief Justice, of another clear and explicit d.efinitipji of the. law of libel. He vindicates the. right of public writers, or private onesv either, for that matter, to comment upon the public, acts, of a. public inan, and also, upon so much of his. private Ijifp as he himself makes public, and admits to be. true, but, if the writer goes farthpr- than this, then, he- must be prepared to. justify. what he says and prove, it to; lie true, Jn, fairness, to. the plaintiff it m.ust be. said, that some, of the i uuendoes. in. the. libel complained of were not justified by any evidence adduced in defence, and it was. certainly unfortunate for the defendant that he. was. unable, to fix any of the runiours. upon particular informants. In fairness. to him. it may he said that the same thing would probably be true of any of us if asked, to, tell our authority .for the runjpiuis concerning Mr, Ward, of which the air is fulh Yet it is. plain no one Las a right to. take general rumour as an authority for specific charges, of 'immorality against a public man and. publish them without previously fur-, nishirrg himself- with evidence of their truth. It seems to us that Mr. Derringto. might have written in tlie most ..tringent general ten\\\ of reprobation of Mr. Ward's character, and the rumours would have justified him iu so do.ing, biit he cer tainly had no right to. m;\ke specific charges without being able to support tliem by evidence. We do, not believe it can serve any good purpose to be constantly show ing up. the y-ices of public men ip the way of skits or innendoes, Such a course, can only familiarise the public with conduct it is. invited to, condemn, and may have the unintended effect of debauching the public sentiment. In singular confirmation of the blackness and intensity ofthe rumours on \yhich the defendant has sworn he wrote, the very worst of all. the imputa tions. on. plaintiff's character- was never found in any of- the libels complained of, but came out in Court fiom tl\0 evidence of one after- the other- of the witnesses. A.nd one can o.nly wonder, as the plain tiff's. character is unveiled in Court as painted by the evidence, or in his own vivid and artistic colouring, how he could have been so. ill-advised as to bring the action at all, The speech of the Attorney- General to the Jury conclusively proved that, apart from the fouler elements of the case altogether, the private life of the plaintiff was so mixed up. with his public life, and was of so objectionable a character that the defendant was bound to refer to it if he wished to. do, his duty according to his lights, and that the charge of malice could be. dismissed from their minds. The reputation, of Mr. Bundey, we will venture, to say, has been estab lished by his. conduct of his case, by his judicious opening, careful and; considerate handling of the evidence, and his high- minded and eloquent address to the jury. These gentlemen were placed in a position of singular difficulty. A particular libel, was the. subject of complaint, and they were invited to, narrow clown their atten tion to that, and to, dismiss from their minds, the vast mass of evidence, which they had been listening to. through five weary days, Yet they could not be. ex pected to forget that this, action, was bro,ugh,t to. rehabilitate the- character of' Mr, Ward ; his whole public and private career was recalled to their recollection ; his own scurrilous articles and justification, of com ments. on. the. private life of public men were all read to, them ; they were treated to a. sneer at piety and. temperance, at the. commencement of the caie, and in the course of it. they were reminded that the. plaintiff had virtually admitted a,nd justified a life of immorality in his place in the House of Assembly. It was too much: to expect that with all this before them the jury would, give a merely legal verdict on the point as to whether in some of the- phrases complained of the defendant had referred, to specific acts, which he was unable to prove. The ave rage juryman will have a prejudice in favour of chastity, truth, honesty, and loyalty, of which no. amount of sophistry can deprive him. You may expel nature with a legal fork, but. it will certainly reassert itself. Mr. Ward may say bp has reason to complain that no. verdict was given him j but we are justified in believ ing the jury took the course tlie.y did not because the character of our- public- men. was not a matter of concern to- them, but just the contrary. They intended the plaintiff to understand that he should have come before, them with clean, hands ; and we trust he will take the hint that the public of South Australia, are not. prepared to condone, the defects in character which he admits for the sake of the species of talent for public service which ho pos.- sesses. We. are glad to observe that operations have commenced for tree-plautiug in the Railway Reserve. A number of holes, are being sank, and those plants that have, failed to grow have, been uprooted. The Council will, soon have everything- in -eadiness for the second batch of young trees. The Advertiser's Condowie correspondent writes: — " Young grasshoppers have appeared here in myriads, and have eaten up all the. grass along the. roads. It is. to be hoped that the cold weather will destroy these little pests, as there is not too. much, grass, to, spare for cattle," The contractor for the. additions to bo made to tbe Commercial Brink has commenced work, and should the weather continue so favorable, as it is at present, the work will be finished with out delay. The wheat stacks in the Railway Reserve are being rapidly broken up, an 1 sent to, the sea board. The agents have been supplied with a n.umber of trucks during the p.ist fortnight, and. they are busy trucking anrl unstaokin ; The Australian. cricketers arrived at P-.y uouth by the Garonne on Monday last, all well Some Chinese merchants.in Sydney- are enter ing on the tobacco trade, and. it is rum that they intend establishing a boot factory at: Parramatta. The excitement against the Chi nese is daily growing stronger. A movement has been started among the settlera of Wipninowie to get a. township sur-. veyed at Yatala Horbour- with the view of ship ping their wheat there. A meeting was held on, April 26, and arrangements made to move the. ' Government in the matter. ' j Mr. Wright, late of Georgetown, is now stationed at Kainley Bridge, where a branch of the National Bank was opened on Saturday last by Mr. W. F. Loutit, of Gawler, and placed under Mr. Wright's charge. A correspoiylept of the Mount Alexander Mail relates, the following singular instance of somnambulism -which occurred recently at Tarilta : — " Mrs. E T wards, who has two sons, aged fifteen and nine, allowed them to go on a fiehing excursion up the River Loddon, with the intent to stop all night. The younger, who had previously walked in his sleep, was cautioned, and the elder enjoined, if they slept to carefully watch hi's brother. The night, or- rather the early morning — became pitch dark, and the boys, who intended to keep awake, decided to lie down ; and in a few minutes the clover lads improvised a mia-mia, and slept. During the pitch dark morning the younger o.ne got up, ' and with his eyes closed' started fo.r home in a bee or direct lino, and when reaching it took off his boots, opened the win dow abutting on his bedroom, crawled in, and slept. In the morning the mother was astou- ished to iiii.il her child in bed. Enquiries and examination proved that tjhe little one; had not the slightest idea, how he got home. The boys Were four miles from their rcsideuce, and the ascertained track of the somnambulist boy showed that he had come in a. direct line, but in a direction never previously travelled by him, and over country that a man, would in daylight hesitate to cross." Respecting the prospects of the wheat market in England, the Home News of March 26 writes : — " The great wheat ring of Chicago, which was to put untold wealth in the pockets of American speculators by starving Europe into giving enormous prices for the stored-up grain, may be said to have collapsed. There is no announcement, indeed, that it is broken yet ; but heavier shipments are now coming forward from, America, and these are certain to increase. It is stated that this week 262,000 quarters of wheat are on way to Europe, as compared with 190,000 quarters in the previous week, and 312,500 quarters of maize as compared with 250,000 quarters. These are considerable in creases, and there, is no doubt that they are fed from the Chicago "elevators," which are being quietly dgawn. upon. It has become, necessary for the. speculators, to dispose of the grain, in order to. meet the hills now becoming due, and which supplied the funds with which they have carried on their- operations. They must now spe. that there is no chance of gaining, by further holding, out. \Vheat might go high.er bpfore the n,ext harvest if the ring could retain supplies, bji.t even that is doubtful. By the end of May it will be possible t ) estimate the. pro bable yield of the wheat crop in the earliest States in th.e Union ; and; the prospects of the season are very favourable in Amprica, where the. spring is a month earlier than usual. As there is good prospect of a favourable season on. this side of the Atlantip also, it can be under stood that the speculators must feel they have lost the high stakes they were playing for. Not impossibly the collapse of their- operations will have disturbing effect on the American stock and sliare markets, as many of the grain speculators: are also, leading stock speculators >Yviiu iirtvu liiucij yiiivcii jJUbCSt \jii 11110 other hand. the conveyance of the stores of grain from Chicago will be. good for some of the railways, especially for the Grand Trunk of Canada, now that i,ts. Chicago, connection has been established. Of coarse, however, the American canals will take a large quantity, perhaps the bulk, and they are open much earlier than, usual this year, owing to the ex ceptionally mild weather. " Two prisoners named Wilson and Collins, who were sentenced to three aud two years' imprison ment respectively at the Circuit Court, Mount Gambier, last week, effected a clever escape from the gaol on Sunday night. The cells are fasteneu by a large bolt and padlocked outside.. Each door has a small square trap, through which the turnkey coinmunicates with the, pri soners without opening the door. This trap is placed so near the look that a man can thrust his hand through and reach it. GtijMonJay morning the locks and the prisoners had disap peared. They were in different cells, and two other men were sleeping in the sainc cell as one of the prisoners, but they deny having h.eard anything. The prisoners had been using car penter's tools, aud had secured a screwdriver and a hank of; twine, with which, they managed to scale the avail over the closets. Wilson is known as a notorious horse-stealer, and' both men. had met previously at Pentridge. So far the- police, have.no clue to their -whereabouts. An official enquiry was held on Monday, but nothing was elieited. on -jLuesciay evening, iviay % mr. .jonn iiono. Phipson was discovered by the police to.be in a fit, and he was. immediately removed to the hos.- pital, but in spite of assiduous attention he died shortly after five o'clock on Wednesday morn ing. The deceased was an old colonist, and at one time occupied a prominent position in, con nection with the public affairs of South Australia, but of late years through as, unfortunate weakness he has not done himself justice. It was been, sp well known that the weakness referred, to assumed a dipsomaniac form that we cannot be accused of uncharitableness in mentioning the. matter. While, however, all Mt. Phipsou's many friends regretted, his possession of the vice by which, he seemed irretrievably bound, they could not but recognise.his superior ability, more especially as displayed in literary work. The coroner- was communicated with, but he did not consider that an inquest was necessary. Ad vertiser." A- rather-sffigular request was preferred- to the Commissioner of Grown. Lands on Tuesday- afternoon, May 4. It was. con tallied in the fol lowing memorial, signed- by forty- farmers, living in and; near Tatiara, in- the. south-east: — "We the undersigned, farmers of Tatiara, having seen in the. public, prints that, it is. the intention of: Government to throw- open- the Mount- Monster country for selection, respectfully- bring- under- your notice that the said piece off country is a small oasis in. the Ninety-mile Desert, consisting of about 8,000 acres (not more). of grass country of a very stony nature, over sixty- miles; from, the nearest shipping port, Kingston, and forty miles from the proposed terminus of the. King ston and Tatiara. Railway,, both roiidss. he Jug extremely bad. We think no bona fide farmers I could have applied for this countiy to b thrown. open, as in our opinion the cultivation clauses of the act could not honestly be carried out, and we look upon the country as being only fit for pastoral purposes. In thus addressing you we wish to point out that we are most anxious for the opening up of all lands in the South-east fit for agriculture, but we do not look upon the Monster country as coming under that head, and should your Government iu its wisdom think fit to throw- it open for selection, we wish respectfully to intimate that it is not at our request." The memorial was, presented to the Commissioner by Messrs. Hardy anil Henning, members in the House of Assembly for the dis trict. They stated that the names attached to the memorial were those of bona fide farmers, and in their opinion it was so iuduentially signed that it ought to have; great weight with the Government. The Commissioner said itwas a most remarkable memorial to receiver from farmers. He had seen the country referred to, and lie could say that it was not a very rich country. It was surrounded on either- side by scrub. He had uo desire to throw open land unless it was wanted for bona fide settlement, and he had not the slightest doubt that some persons had applied to have this country thrown open or no action would be taken in the matter. He would, however, obtain a report from the Surveyor-General on the subject.. At the Gladstone Police Court on Thursday last, Arthur William Carraway Raby was brought before T. W. Iiigiam, Esq., J.P., charged by Police-trooper Phillips with being an idle and disorderly person, and having no, visible means of support. The trooper said that he had frequently ordered the. prisoner out of the township, and that he was a nuisance to alm,ost everybody. Police-trooper Addison said he had cleared the prisoner away from Quoin, at which place he had. carried out a systematic course of loafing, and slept at night in unfinished buildings, or wherever he could. The prisoner told the Court that he had been employed by Mr. Blake cutting wc\od„ and that he was willing to go away at once. The presiding magistrate said he would not give the prisoner that chance. He had a great objection to persons loafing about, begging almost from their neighbours, and it was essential for the good order aud peace of the township that such persons should he severely' dealt with ; aud that three months' imprisonment in Redruth Gaol would probably do the prisoner no harm. From Wonok-a we hear that a number of persons b.ave paifl that district, a visit for the purpose of inspecting the new Areas which are being offered for sale this month. A correspondent of the "Geelong Advertiser" is responsible for the following " ghost" story : — "As I know you feel interested' in such cir cumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of'a very remarkable, cir cumstance connected with the death, «at; Hamil ton, of the late Archdeacon Iunes, The arch deacon, as you know, died of; diphtheria, aud though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a vnnnir man recentlv arrived from home named Lisserm.au, who, t.hughj not remarkable either for 'culture- or natural ability, yet" endeared, him-.. self to the qrchdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated, energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told yon, expressed all lie lia l to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study one evening after Lissermau's death he saw him standing at the study table, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Holloa! are you here?' 'Yes,' replied the apparition, 'and where. I now am there will you soon be.' Mr. Innes was not a,nyi)ii off fpneies or of iiiipaired physique, and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known aud vouched for." We are requested to correct one or two errors , and Qjnissfons, in. our report of Dr. Smith's, speech at the meeting of working men assembled; to consider the case of Petzler v. Cowan. With regard to such contracts.; of service as have to, lie determined by notice, Dr. Smith said, " It does not follow that, even where the master is entitled to a day's notice to the end of the hiring, he should be entitled to deduct a day's wages iu default. He has his action for damages, which may be more or less than, a, day's wages." Th 3; portion of tl)e speech beginning "Heim:. pnted no blame personally to them" should read " He imputed no personal blame to them. UcLdiUoO ullcy (XIII IIUL ULUlclbUlULl ullU-l«Xv\ j Ullpj if tliey did not understand it. the least that could he expected would be that they should, laarn it from those who did. He did not attend, a court simply to get a veidict for his client,, right or wrong, hut had a.higher duty to perform, —a duty to the court — and that duty was not to deceive the court in matter of law. He belonged to a class of men who were bound in. honour never to mislead a lay tribunal in matter of la.Ws The magistrates knew this, and they also knew him to be familiar with the law. of Master and Servant as being the author of a. work on that law, and sp they should have listened when he told them the law," The. speaker diu not say that "the case was decided against all law. iu the Act," for the Act does not contain, the law, but only the procedure. What he said was that " the case was decided, against t.he law." The last sentence of Dr. Smith's, second speech should read, " If that, gentleman, treated those whpm he employed according to t.he ideas of law whi.ch he expressed from the, bench, then how were the men. treated At the Worship-street Police; court,. London, in March, Jacob Barnett was. charged with, having committed- perjury in a declaration made before. the Registar of Marriages , as . to, the age of Rose Rosenblatt. In. stating, tlie case. Mr. Frank. Safforcl, a barrister,, said that both persons, were mpmbers of the Jewish community. Their acquaintance commeuced by the defeudaut addressing the girl in the street, but he subse quently applied to ker father to permit an engagement. Finding that his daughter was. opposed to such a course- he declined to sanc tion, it.. Barnett, however, having assisted the father in some, monetary difficulties, the girl was inclined to. regard him. with some little. ' favor, but still objected to a betrothal, which, according to Jewish custom, would have bound her for a year. To obviate this difficulty, the prisoner said he could devise a plan which would prevent all publicity. He took her before the registrar, and told her that when asked if she would have liim for a husband she was to say "Yes." He said this would have the same effect as betrothal, would only last a year and that no one need be any the wiser. This plan was adopted, and it was only after the ceremony when he, claimed her for his wife that she knew that she was married to him. She immediately threw the. certificate away and ran home, where she has since remained. On one occasion Barnett had tried to carry her off, the result of which was that he was summoned and bound over to keep the peace. John Rosenblatt, the father, was then called, and deposed that, his daughter was not eighteen years of age. Mr. Abbot said it was proved by the register that the girl had knowingly made a declaration that she was of full age, and as that waft false he proposed to prosecute herj, and asked for a summons. Mr. Bushby said it was clear that this matter, must, go on, and therefore he allowed the summons against the girl, the case being adjourned. The case Mangan, v. Borrett, a case under the Master and Servants Act, which was. adjudi cated upon and also adjourned on Tuesday, April 27, by Mr. G. Sara, J.P., for ten days, to give the defendant time to pay the claini of Mangan for the sum of £45 8s., was again brought before that Justice on Friday, May 7.. Dr. Smith appeared for the complainant and sai.l that the sum of £34 had been paid by Mr. Borrett, and he would a&k.; th.e. Bench to further- adjourn the case for another ten days, within which time he thought the balance due would, be pairl. The case was adjourned accordingly. A concert was given at the Georgetown Institute, in aid of tbe funds, on, Thursday evening, by several lady and gentleman amateurs. After the concert, the farce of the "Irish Tutor" was given by Messrs. H. A., Mugg, R. J. Young, H. Upton, D. Papworth and Pi. Murrie, jun. The proceedings con cluded with the " Haunted House," by Mr. H.. A. Mugg aud Mr. Papworth. The. Institute was well filled with an. appreciative audience. Some ampiint of excitement was caused here on Thursday afternoon by the sight of an im- meuse body of smoke risiug from the cultivated country to the east of Gladstone. Police-Trooper Phillips started for the scene, but after riding a few mjfeft, found that tlie. fire was burning some distance the other side of the Never Never ranges. On Friday smoke was again seen, in the same locality. The Annual Meeting of the National Bank shareholders was held on Wednesday. In spite of the depiession tiiey received as nsual their 12J per cent, diyiilpnd. How much better is: the position of a wealthy Bank shareholder, compared with that of a large landholder. The latter is asked to give back a heavy discount from his rents due, but nobody, asks the former - to disgorge a part of his easily- earned profits. Since the break up of the frost tlie season has been decidedly favorable from, an agricultural Twiinf. of viow. Iinh Afn/rnli is a. nrifinal ninnf.li fnr cereals, and the eccentricities of our climate may yet disappbinttlurlropes" wriicir facmoxa ara_ beginning to entertain with regard to a mure prosperous year. The excellent condition of the land has given a great impetus to agricultural work of all kinds, .and a considerably breadth .of spring corn has been sown throughout the United King loni. But few complaints have been heard as to the aspect of autumn-sown wheat, which has grown rapidly, and' presents a generally satisfactory appearance. The, present month, is an important one for the grass crops, and the pastures are as-, forward as can. be expected. Vegetation generally has made a considerable advance daring the past fortnight, and. the country is beginning to show unmistakable signs of returning spring. With, few exceptious the country markets have been scantily supplied with, grain from, the farmers, who have- been too busy a:field to devote much time to thrash ing. Recently the demand for fine wheat for sowing bus-, been. pretty active in the provincial exchanges. — Mark -laae Express. Editing a journal in San. Francisco must be un exciting occupation. As a. rule, the- oondnptors of public journals sij; in an inner room, guarded by fightiug-men anil experienced duellists. Not loug ago the- editor of the San Fran ciso News- Letter found it necessary to issue a placard announcing that people need not call to inter-, view,- tlifr; management; except on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, as the hearse - would not be ready on any. other day.. Funerals they nn.lovfrnnlr n nnnrlunt with the .srreatest eeonomv aud. despatch. A. late- incident, further illns-. tratgs. the- fact that,. it. requires, a, man of nerve an(l( vigour tp. carry, on. a, newspaper in, those regions., A recent issue- of/the- Telegraph, gave Mr. Brunuett a designation he did. not like,, and. he:called' upon, Mr.. Carlton, who had penned the words- The, latter,- gentleman, however, did not apparently care- for a. long discussion, and. commenced proceedings ,by sending a bullet through hi? visitor's head: Two. papers in the city now. require new literary, managers. One editor awaits. a coroner's, inquest,, the other- the verdict of a jury., Mr.. Burnett's Temperance- Crusade proceeds most satisfactorily.. The Town. Hall was crowded on Saturday night, aud numbers: were unable to gain admittance.. .Sir Henry Ayers was in. the- chair, and Dean R isselii and Mr,- Goode. took part in the procee ! mgs, whiih- ceedings were varied: by songs, from. Miss. Van- depeer and a choir, and recitations by Mr. R. Whinham, In the course of his remarks. Sir Henry Ayers said, that the. annual expendi ture in intoxicating drinks iu. Liverpool, was £3,000,000, or £8.000 per day. As the. popu lation of- Liverpool was about double that of South Australia, and' we drank to the same extent, which he hoped, we did. net, then, our expenditure . amounted to . £4, 000 per -day.- One third of the customs re venue- of the Colony was derived troin the duties, ou. intoxicating liquors, and no less a sum than £230,000 was sent annually out of the country to pay- for- the prime wholesale cost of the liquor imported here. After the meeting, 58 persons signed the pledge. During the week 304 had signed, which, with 65 on the previous Saturday, makes a total of 427. One young lady had obtained; 90 names.. j We understand that the executors of the lat© Mr. P. S. Oke have received the sum of £500- due on a policy of assurance, effected in the Colonial Mutual Life Association, of which Mr. R. Stewart is the local agent. We are also- requested to acknowledge, on behalf of the widow and the executors, the kin.-lu.esa of the Board not only in settling the claim promptly, but in deducting the amount of the last premium, which should have been paid shortly previous to Mr. Oke's death, from the amount, due on the policy. Their action in thus con sidering the widow, and making no difficulties: about paying over the sum assured, will give many persons confidence in. taking the wise step, of effecting an assurance on their lives.. The Jamestown Corporation appear to be- bent on beautifying their important town.. They have decided to raise, a loan of £1,000 for the purpose of planting and fencing the park lands and effecting other improvements. We may now congratulate ourselves upon the: final success of the formation of a rifle club at. Gladstone, Efforts have at various times been made for the attainment of this object, but. through some most unaccountable cause the matter was always, allowed to collapse,. The. present effort, however, has had. an infusion of: the spirit of. those who. were determined to . be connected with a club, and failing on. a former- occasion, to. form a cl.u.b, here- joined the George town. one, Captain Reevor kindly visiting at. t.m.es:to- put th.e Gladstone portion; of his com-, pany through its. facings. This, spirit has: now- actuated; others, and brought abou.t the- long-, desired success. An adjourned, meeting of: those- agreed; to. join- the; club 'was; held on. Thursday evening. at MuUer's hotel.. Mr.. Alfred Catt was, elected to, th,e; chair, and- stated the object of the, gathering, and that their secretary had pro cured, th.e necessary papers,, and. also, that Mr T., W. Ingram, J. P., was.in. attendance- to. admi nister the oath of allegiance. This formal but. necessary, duty having been, performed, Mr. D. A. M.eLachlan, proposed, a cordial vote of thanks; to Mr. Ingram for his kindness in being present, to swear-in those who desired to be enrolled as members of the club. The Chairman cordially seconded this. Mr. Ingram was a. gentleman, who always identified himself with, all, move ments having the- interestor progressof the town-- ship in view. That gentleman replied, , thanking those present for their kind, expressions. He; felt pleased to he able to, assist in. any way the-, formation of a rifle corps in Gladstone. Chose who joined, he was sure, would benefit by the, drill exercise,, whiph had a healthful and invigo rating influence. He had always striven, as a, citizen and J.P. to do his duty, and on the . whole, he might say, during the time he had. held the commission, now nearly five, yeare, he hail devoted much, time to the: duties, and such abilities as he possessed: and general satisfaction had been the result, Mr. Fergnsson thought it would be better to appoint the officers at once, as thostA' who w.ere- chosen would have the opportunity o, at ouce- ordering the requisite -uniform. Mr.. McLachlan concurred, with Mr. Fergusson so far - as the question of procuring, the uniform, but he thought it would not be fair to thpse gentle men, who proposed to have their naine3 trans-- icncii liiiiu, one ucurgeuuivn ciuu U HOIS one, as they- would be virtually deprived of a voice in i — ho eolootion, anclit would bo better to defer the- election for tlie present.. The Chairman believed! it would be wise to leave the., question - ov r until next meeting,, when, the subject could! be discussed. They could not, he thought,, proceed to the election of officers, before the; club was properly formed. Fivenames were still; wanting to complete the requisite number, although he understood from the remarks made - at the previous - meeting that Colonel Downes.i was willing to allow the transfer of the seven.;. Gladstone members of the Georgetown Chib to , make up the number necessary. Of course it-, would be better to get twenty names enrolled : without those. Mr.. Stephens was sure if the: case was represented to Colonel Downes, he-, would at once grant the transfer of those -name 8 ; so as to give us that status which would enable , the clvb.to appoint its officers.. Mr. McLachlan.; proposed" that .the election. and; recommendation; ofthe officers for tbe present be adjourned till; next Thursday, evenjng. Carried; Mr. . C.' Si. Lake stated- that; Mr.. Cowan had. kindly offered; the use of the mill store for drill purposes, as; long as he took the responsibility.-of lighting the- place. The Georgetown, Club, had the Institute - at os. a quarter, or 2Gs. a, year.. He, thought; perhaps, as. this was a public movement the- Institute might be got on.similarly advantageous : terms. Mr. McLachlan was . gratified, at, the ; accommodating offer of Mr.. Co wan, .but it would be to the advantage of the .club .if the Institute could be got at a reasonable charge,, as, they - would. all feel more independent by paying, for- the use of the drill room, aud thus secure a. regular place of meeting. Were the kind -offer - of Mr. Cowan to baccepted,, they might occa-;. sionally go there and find it blocked with flour,, which, would interfere with the regularity of; their drill, practice, and; he thought that, the- Chairman might communicate with the Insti- . tute -authorities upon the subject previous to tbet . next meeting. Mr. Ingram,, as one of. the. sub committee of the- Institute,, said if the- matter- came before them, he would do his best in fur-, therance of' the- movement.. The Chairman; announced that the next meeting would, be held, at the Institute on Thursday next, at 8 o'clock.. Mr., T, W: Ingram, at the- close of the- the meeting,- entertained the compauy,. and, pro-, posed prosperity -to- the. Gladstone Rifle Club,, coupled. wifch the name of. Mr. C.. S. Lake, whoi had at various times endeavoured to form a., club.. Indeed, so persistent was that gentleman, in, his efforts that he had almost been persuaded; to join. However, he- wished them every, sue-- cess, and; hoped that they would endeavour to, be efficient in. their drill, and prove worthy the, township when, at any time inspected by the. Colonel- Commandant.. Mr.. Lake, in, response;, expressed pleasure at the successful result of the numerous-attempts that had been.raade by him-- self aud others. Mr. Ingram, then, called. for- three cheers for the Queen., Flies, have so many eyes that its no.wpnder- they leave their specks anywhere, " I think the turkey has the advantage of you," said. the. landlady to. the upexpert boarder who was carving. "Guess it has,, mum, in age," was the discourteous retort.. 