. NinïS OF THE BAY. THE pTOCoodings of tho Legislativo Assembly y, estor {?"lay evening were of a character cortainly not o a'cu 1.ktecl to add to the'dignity of tho representatives ol'' thc people. Thero was a very small business paper, thc l-ouily two orders of the day hoing the Eecond rondi ng «f..the Medical Bill and the consideration, in Convniitt eP of the Whole, of tho Legislativo Council's ame/idraem ^ in tho Betting.. Houses Suppression Bill. Judging * from. what:hoe taken placo on previous occasions, itma^ »be assumed that- hon. members are not. sufáoiéntly inc love with tho Medical Bill to nub. down tot'he House.iri largo numbers ter support it, and under ot'.hor circurav>J stances tho chances are that thero would 'have been no House yesterday .'afternoon at all. Buib tho Betting House hill is in tho hands of Slr. Teiry,. ..a, gentleman who gosnesses sprue,occult power over hre fellow mem- bers \i-liioh. enables him .to secuto .a quorum when others would, have ompty benches. Thus it happened that there wero some thirty mombers in 'trio Houso ? wheo. Mrv. Melville resumed the dobato on th Medical Bill. But hon. members had! not attende with a-view to listen to Mr. Melville, and a gtuho wa I vat onco instituted, which might have been ver a musing, but was certainly not very dignified. Hot ! m, imbers Would one by one leave tho Chamber unti 1 thoi V 'wefe only Bomo fifteen or. sixteon' lof i Thon a géntloriiàn, w.ho soemod tei havo'takei upon < himself ^ ( tho; olllce of Indieator-Gencra for thi V t*T0, '"Ping, would gravely romarlt thal there w >*3 not a quorum present, .whereupon thi Speaker V°um command tho Scrgcaut-at- Arms ti "ring th e bo11'" The sergeant, -with oqua gravity. Svi.',ul<J proceed to tug at tho bell rope, and a. T^er tno ensuing tintinnabulation, hon members wou ^ &*°P in.0110 b7 oue> UIltil there wcr< ninetoea presèi Then just at tho'moment, when tlx last sand was !rúmn,ng out of tho minute-glass on tin Speaker's desk, tho gentleman who had callod attention would glide IL V and take his ee.it, making up thc quorum. This '.' taree was repeated eightoon .times 'in a little moro than three-quarters ot an hour, whoa al Inst tho patience ' of the Speakor was exhausted; and ho was comp elled to rebuke hon.' members for. . their wo-; int of decorum. [ After thie they behaved a little better, _ and only - called attention somo t. iïeo\°r-four times more during tho remainder of vi fr. JoNl villo's speooh. Mr. 'Lucas then comraehced; to 'address'' *oe House/ and attention was called twice, . '. tho secón**. wôre only nineteen members ;£n tho Oh.>*nlDer when the two minutes of graco h ii expired, W**ne gentlemen who had worked so indef itigably for a c.',unt oufc *oro BU° cbssfiiiat last. "It >-as a. iomHrïab>,e/*no.V tB&* Dr. Bowker, tho movo:r\of tho sebond . re^^hiS? °£ tuo Medical Bill; did Ji nn roaoh tho Chamber in-timo to save his hill from lóenig counted out for tj?^sooona time tihiB sossidn. ; ' .: IT will ,be .obsexyed^ on rofbrouco to tho iV&isiness; paper of fte- Logisîbtivi ) Assembly, that Mr. Ci Niñero» hoe g^ven notice '. that ¡bj J will movo on. Tuesdav, Juno 8,.'f 'jiat in¡ tho opinion' of this House.tho Gove'mi shouldi, ed.soo'n as'practicable, bring in a bill hav 'V'S for itsKibjecC- thoTostrict ion of Chinese immigration. V IT appearsifrom a rota rn just laid beforo Parliament, ^ ., on the motion, of Mr. M 'Elhoiio, that the Hon. Goof ¡ frey.Eagar HUB hean sups-lied with 31 tons of manure j, from Glebu.Isfland, since 4 he year 1872,,for which ho J has paid thesum of £1 D 5s. 6d., hoing; at the rate of I ls. Od. per lfcn<for 9 tons,\ and ls. per ton, for the re -mainder. .. . .? ,'.. ', ' À RETURN ttos»jÚ8t beenliúd \böfo,ve the Legislative ., Assembly showing the distribution of blankets for the aborigines during tho year 18U0. ..The total number issued: was 8400, and' they * were dispatohod to the various benches of magistratesnduring tho months of ? January and February. The- '{lernst number sent to any one place was six to Muraojruniiig tho crreatest was . 500 to Grafton. 4<"0 were .sent to 'Warrego,*,850 Wilcannia, 350 to '.^clcaylBiver, 300 to Casino, a 250 to Brewarin¿ * THE Australian c;^ckef,ersioponeu: their program: in England on Thursday with a match.at Southam ton against eighteen gentlemen of Hampshire, a made a very promising coi. naencenient, Notwithstac ing the heavy odds against *which they had to cdntei tho team scored 250 runs in *ho first innings, Murdo batting splendidly for 07. Ï V>yle also scored well,, a: tho cricket displayed by tl.V Australians general appears to h%voattracted considerable attention, : Ix tho Supremo Court, yoston,"*}", in tho action Walker v. Ferrier and another, V»11 which, the. less of Temple Court Collars waa seeking' to eject the loise for breach of covenant, tried' betfovo his Honor 31 Justice Windeyer and a jury of\fo.'Jr, a verdict w returned for tho plaintiff; and in». l~>easó kv. Gabo for damages for libel, the plaintiff ac. "opted an opoloj and £60 aa coats. In tho Banco Cot-rt, before h Honor Sir William Manning and a jivy of four, tl trial of tho assault case, Rollinson v. \VT. Nowland, Wi concludod by tho jury returning a ? vtTdict for tl defendant. In tho Equity Court, his \ Honor M Justice Hargrave, Primary Judge, in KOL ip v. Moor with tho consent of the defendant, grant«. d a decn restraining tho defendant from selling any .Florid wator in bottles bearing a label only coloura-hly'dina ing from tho label of Messrs. Murray aud»ill'anman! Florida water. A..MEETING.of the Finance Committee of thevCit; Council was held yesterday morning, at the Tov.tri "Hall The Mayor (Mr. R. Fowler) was in the cha^r,'.an; .Aldormen'Merriman, J, Young, J. Davies, J. l.Tarris Meeks, Lees, Withors, Roberts, Hardie, Deane, Pa.'mer Green, and J. D. Young were present".',,-' .Thi only business done was the passing of tho waj,'^ .sheet and . tho accounts. .. Amongst tho latte i was a bill from Mr. Wicséher, for £139 ÍÓs. lOd., for putting tho town clock in repair. A long discussion took placo over the matter, during which'it came to light that Mr. Wiosenerhad taken tho' wprk. in hand merely on tho verbal order of Alderman Taylor. In' reply to quostions put to him, Mr. Weaner 8aj¿- that Alderman Taylor went to him and said tho Mayor had instructed him to see aftor the change of tho dials and the changing of tho ; placo for the bell. No limit was Used as to tho cost, Alderman Taylor morely remarking that ho hoped he (Mr. Wiesener) would bo as reasonable as ho could. Alderman Roberts said that ho ; certainly never intended to give such instructions, and ho did not remember saying any- thing that might have been so construed; but--it waa possible that Alderman Taylor might haye misunder-. stood him in something ho did say, and he woul£rathor. thin'; this was tho actual 6tato of tho case. !. Ho "had nevor ottemptod to expend any largo sum without the consent of tho Council. Tho account was eventually' passed.. . I SHORTLY before the departure of tho Bismarck ; hoi I gallant commander, Captain Dcinhardt, gave an. onrtor tainruont to tho German residents of Sydney, in houcui of tho eighty-third birthday of his Imperial Majesty Wilhelm I. The Emperor received ou all hands' thc warmest tokens ' of kindly feeling and-.oxuberabt loy- alty, of which the Berlin papers ot Infect' dates contain full accounts. The Government orgaoiiof liareh 24 contains his Majesty's sentiments thor.'oon., Tho fol- lowing is a translation :-"A deep feeling-of,heart- felt pleasure is awakened by obsorvingihow universally throughout tho Gorman Fatherland the«day>on which I have boen allowed to enter upon a new year of my life has been festively celebrated. I rightly estimato the value of the renewal of their hoinago which on this day tho German poodle have tendered to me, . From all sides have I received warm congratulations, and haye been overpowered fey kind attentions. I am surrounded by loyal' addresses, filled with expressions of respect and affection ; an à bosido these written testimonies I havo congratulatiohsipoured from distant parts of our own andi other land?| by the mighty télegrapliic agency, original.poems, offoiangs in many forms of art and Jitorature-; around monro beautiful wreaths and fragrant bouquets, and i n oach and all of these tributes I recognizo-and acknowledge with inmost pleasure tlie object of th« many Bendora, to mäko mo truly happy on this festival day, and their object is attained in the highest degree. To co.ovey to each of thege countless friendly givers- an individual expression of my. gratitudo is impossible, but I hasten herewith to thank, from the depths of my full heart, all who by their sympathetic greetings ha^e so sweetened the pleasure of my birthday to mo ; and I order you to publish this decree forthwith.;-WIMIELUJÍ Berlin, 24th March, 1880." The many Teutonic rcBi-j dents in Sydney will gladly olaira tboir sharo -ia his-' Majesty's kind words, and moat cordially join in "thor nation's wish that ho may seo many more prosperous! years. ' As'intimated by the counsel engaged in thoipubl: house licensing casos, which were recently heard at t Central and Water Police Courts, ia which tha- mag: trates decided to recommend tho Colonial Treasurer refuse the ronewal of certain licenses,'an appeal w mado to tho Judges in Chambors. Tho motion w fully argued beforo Mr. Justico Windeyer .last week connection with an application made ? by Mr. Ganno .'ón behalf of a cafe- keoper named Horno, for a prob bition, and again yesterday morning before the san Judge, by Mr. T. M. Slattery. The matter carno i in connection with an application of James Coll, of-tl Columbia Hotel, Gastloroagh-stroot^ Sydney, the. hold' ' of; a publican's general license under the Pnblicai f;Aot, 25 -Viet., No. l-l, , against the Hon. Gooffrc ^'agar, as tho "appointed ofnoor to. receive-fees f< yjo< ''nses under tho 58th section of the suid Act, to sho \Cttt» e why the said Hon. Geoffrey Eagai-, as suoh «j p¿.VA ed officer, should not be ordered and commande! anda mandamus should not be granted, orderin and o".;V¿'unandihg him to accept tho sum of £30, whic has al. i&idybcen; tendered'to him by the Said Jam« Coll ns i holder of such license aforesaid as hie f« for his li ^wnse for tho next succeeding year." Mi Justice W. '*ldo7eri aftor hearing Mr. Slattery's, argu raents, del. wered .judgmont to the. effect that th grounds upo * which" the application waa made wer not good. T. ^e application was, therefore, refused adil the docx. «ons of tho .magistrates in th cases refereed "t° thereby ? upheld. : Mr. Windayoi in giving j udgme nt' Ba'^ that tho principal objection taken nv this apj Cation to the prooeodings'of th licensing meeting w 'wo considered by him last week oi tho application, of on. '* Homo for" a prohibition, wboi they wero fully arguou ^7 atr' Gannon, and then over .ruled by him (Mr. V» Andover). Mr. Slattery, how ever, had ropreJented to. ^.Bl that tho rights of a largi number of persona in a i ^niilar position would bo de tormihod by thÍ3 proceodin V nod ho thought it well tc lay tho affidavits and pap W's beforo his Honor Sh William Manning, who, hat in?, road thom and . con- sidered tho grounds upon wh fch the application wai baeod, had/authorized him (Mr. \ Windeyer) to state thal he agreed with him in thinkin, ^ that ..it ehould ho re- fused, both upon tho law and the Vmorits of tho caso, as far as such morita wero disclosed . \n tho evidence which appeared to have been given before '¿he Justices .who're; fused to recommend tho reno wal of tho licences. ' - Tim Commissioner for Hallways is ycallingfor tenders for tho construction of aline of tra niwày from ^Dar- linghurst Court-hoúao» towards WoollaL V*j»n^ Waver- ley; for a lino of train woy from Oxfo'ffl-sVeet, along Crown-street, to Clewoland-street; for a .tine».of tram- way from Redfern station to Hunter- str let,'.alongside tho present line; and for a lino of tr ¡amway from Elizabeth-street towards Randwick. "^jo>-.underst'and that these wbrb).will bo< carvied out' infections, not exceeding 300 p'ards.caeh.'nnd'ithat noitwo) sections will bo cohstructod) at the same timo within -SOO yards of each other.' Arrangements wilkbo made to\kebp always clear a path'Sufficiently wide tb . allow two1 vehicles to pass each other, .so that»thero wifi he little or nú inter- ruption, to tho ordinaify traffto ; Ändsat tho crossings of streets one half will [be completed Obofore any exca- vation is made in tho.othordialf. ' . ?PHOTOGRAPHY has donemruch totoakoedwellers iii towna acquainted with picturesque, DÜ8'0£\BÖenery ;in differont countries^ and', -with those\ freaks not. nature, \in tho way of wonderful , combinations v of mountain, forest, and river whioh are world-famous;*but hitherto j Vustralia has been rather neglected. .Tho more af piking aspeots of, Govett's Leap, tho Grose Valloy, an, V tho Blue Mountain scenery - generally "^havo cert. «nly been' photographed and ro-photographod, but ¿ho', «ine- of artistio wealth lying iii coast effects, ouriou '* roo'c formations, ti ver i freshets, woodland bits, and pa «toral country has.yet been worked to but an insignifi 'cant degroe." But photographie artists ate now engaged tn developing it, and -one of ' tho most suc- cessful in ' tuo task ia Mr- J- Paine, 49, Elizabeth fitmot. Wa Wrloo.'Whose portfolios:contain nhotosraohs. of large 6Îze, executed -with, a sharp clearness of finish, and a regard for picturesque effect which ¡'.would-.''bo creditable to Berlin or Vienna. 'Mr. 'Paine has been for years engaged in searching i,for characteristic and beautiful sconcry, and tho ¡ photographs ho has turned ont aro deservedly j popular. Late tours havo replenished his stock, with I seconery along the- route of tho proposed Great i Northern Railway, crossing the Hawkesbur}'' River at j Wiseman's Ferry ; along tho course of tho Wollombi j River, passing Broke on to Singleton ; scenery in tho Hunter District, Jerry's Plains, Leamington, along tho Goulburn River; along the route or tho proposed lino to Mudgee, and in tho Caputree Mountains. Thc views will prove valuable to landscape avtists, and interest- ing to all lovers of nature. lu these incredulous days few behove that even if " Spiritual beings walk this earth, both whon we sloop and when we wake," they do not make their presenoo knotyn without the observance of some previous condi- tions, and that unless called for they rarely como. But for the last day or two a strange mysterious being has been observed at the windows of a houso at present uninhabited by mortal tenants, wrapped in a winding sheet, white, ghastly, and ghostly, the apparition has presented itself in the broad daylight, to tho terror of. hosts of passing school children, and the wonderment or alarm of neighbouring old women. Some of the more . courageous assailed tho house with sticks and ,8tonos, to tho great detriment of the forthcoming salo of tho property. At length tho boldest of tho hold entered the house, and there, wrapped in her gravo-liko I casements, discovered the daughter of a would be pur- chaser pf the "haunted " house. . \ ?';'. Mr. J., LAVEBS has shown us tho design of a cook- ing apparatus, invented by Mr. C. Lewis, ironworker, Phillip-street, and patented, which commends itself to persons engaged in culinary operations on an extensive . scale. In appearance the apparatus looks like six \colonial ovens placed on top of ono another, but the ,.loora, instead of opening at tho sides, do so at the top, a. "id, falling downwards, aro converted into a series of ehJ^lve?. Each compartment is supplied with steam by mea tis of - a short pipe attached to a stand-pipa, tho . stenn tbeing procured from a boiler. The invention has be. 'n tosted in some large eating-houses in tho city whAh success, and would no doubt answer . many cooking requirements on board steamers. Its merits consist of ^its simplicity, durability; and inexpensive 1 neis-aii o f which are evident at a glanco. It may ho 'nisod-for all purposes .of stewing, but, as it is worked I by the appin 'ation of stoam direct into tho chambers, not for baking.^ - . , WE notice tl'tat a colonial Publishing Society has been constituted. Its objeet is to incorporate tho publishing business previously carried on by Messrs. J. and W. Corrio Johnston, and at tho same time to do wôrtë'like that which in Great Britain and America is performed by tho ..Religious Tract Society, and Col portage Associations'. Sydney is to be tho colouial . centre, aud tho premises selected are in Pitt-street. A conr.r.sroNDENT -write:-"It is not generally known that there .is one of the finest blue metal .quarries existing in tho district of Mittagong on -. Government land; about two miles from tho railway. Mr. Keen, the lato Government geologist, visited it rsomo yoars:ago, and said it was the' finest quarry of <blue metal he.ever saw. It was opened by Mr. Wallis." ' AT half- past six o'clock lost night a man named i George Hemynton was taken to the Infirmary by constable Bankin suffering from fracture of the thigh, caused by tho milk-enrt ho was driving colliding with a wagonnetto, and Dr. Ilastie attended to his infirmities. Dr. Brown admitted a blind man named John English, 70 years of age, into' tho Infirmary yesterday, suffering from a compound fracture of tho right leg, attended by a'great deal of- hemorrhage, which injuries ho received through having been run over by a cab on Thursday night. i TirE Maldon correspondent of tho Argus writes on the 11th instant:-" A serious accident occurred at tho mine of the Great Nelson United Company. Tho men were lowering four or five lengths of pipes, weighing about a ton, when the bloclrs and tackle gave way, and j precipitated the whole down the shaft. It is believed tho hook of tho bloclc broke. Tho mining manager, H. Knuckey, was standing on the top stage of tho lad- der at the timo, and it is believed that the block or yokes must have struck him, and knocked him down the shaft. After falling about 30 feet, ho was caught on one of tho bearers. On being raised to tho surface he waa found to bo insonsible, and was taken to tho hospital. >?. He is suffering from concussion of the brain." THE Insurance and Banking Record says:-"Ad- vantage will ? be taken of tho presoncc in Melbourne .during the continuanoo of tho approaching International Exhibition of many managers and représentatives of marine insurance companies, from the neighbouring colonies to hold a conference, at whioh topics of interest to mariné underwriters will be discussed, and informa- tion of various kinds exchanged. No definite scheme has been drawn up, but wo believe that, among others, ?the two following points will be brought under the notice of those who may bo present at the conference : Deposits in connection with .general average statements (a matter taken up by the Merchant Shipping and Underwriters' Assooiation, Melbourne, as far back as October, 1878) and a uniform hull policy." -AooníiEsroNDENT of tho Glen Innes Examinar,writing froin Nundle under date 3rd instant,-saja:-"Tho police mustered strong in Nundle last week. A fearful crime has been committed by some miscreant or mis- creants, which has caused considerable excitement in the neighbourhood. Mr. Hungerford missed a number of his horses, and, on a search being instituted, three of the animals were found dead. Two wero shot, and ono had -its throat cut. Mr. Stevens, . poundkeeper at ?Hanging Book, had one of his horses mutilated, and another is missing, A bull belonging to Mr. S. Ker- mode .was injured in such a manner that.the poor animal bled to death, and it is painfully evident that ruffians of the vilest order have beon about." THE Wagga Express relates that on Tuosday morning the sad intelligence arrived in Wagga that Mr. Charles Berthon, who for somo yoars past has been in ehargo of the snagging party stationed on the Murrumbidgee, between Wagga and Hay, had committed suicide by hanging himself. The wife of the deceased gentleman died about two months ago, and since that, o vent ho had manifested a lowness of spirits quito contrary to his ordinarily cheerful character. On tho morning in question he loft his room at Phillipa's hotel, Naran dora, at an early hour, and although a friend of his, Mr. Higgins, immediately wont in search of ; him, it was not: for somo timo that ho was found, whon his dead body was discovered hanging from a stump over a hole which had been oxcavntod by brickmakers on the honk Of. the creek. THE Talbot correspondent of tho Argus gives tho following details of tho fatal aooident to Mr. Riehard son :-A- frightful acoidont happened at tho railway station at half-past 12 on Sunday morning, which resulted in the death of Mr. John Richardson, tho well-known drapor and clothier. Mr. Richardson went i to the station.to seo a friend off to Maryborough by the train, and in taking leave of him, whon the train was in motion, was observed by constable Dann, who was oil duty, to lose his footing, and fall between the plat- form and tho footboard. An alarm was given,' but not in time to stop the train, which proceeded to Mary- borough. A party, headed by sergeant Britt, with Dr. Massey in attendance, started with lanterns along tho line. About 150 yards from the station tho doceasod's watch and chain wero found, with traces of blood on the edges of the sloepors. Furthor on the party carno upon tho deceased's waistcoat, saturated with blood and torn to ribbons. At about a quarter of a milo furthor, a boot and parts of the body wero met with, bat it was not until tho Back Crook Bridge, fully a ' milo and a-half from Talbot, was reached that tho body, whiob presented asickening spectacle, was found. Nearly every member of- it was disjointed, hut the face, although the back part of tho head was torn away, was plainly recognizable. The accident, ns far as known, was not noticed by tho drivor or guard ; but, on tho arrival of tho train at Maryborough, tho wheels and fore part of the ongihe hud indications of an aooident having happened, and 'tho station-mastor directed the engine and guard-van to return to Talbot, when the remains were met with as above stated. TUB following is'tho order of musical service at St. Andrew's Cathedral for Whit-Sunday, May lßhh :-? Magnificat, Stainor in B Ant ; Nunc Dimittie, Stainer in B flat Anthem, " O Holy Ghost," Maofarren : Hymns. 221. 226 (Mercer). > The last midday exhibition of Rainor?s groat Russo Turkish War Diorama is announced forto-day, and to-night will he the last occasion on which tho Diorama will he pro seated in Svdnev. 