" , BUTLER'S, CATECHISM. :. / : NO. XXIV. . , ' .. After: the children; in the Popish; schools of 'the colony,' have been taught1 by/Butler about: confession; and- about the necessity of doing : the penances which the priest enjoins as a- satisfaction for their sins, thev are asked : — "Will the penances enjoined, in. confession always satisfy for onr sin 1 " No ; but whatever else is wanting may be : supplied by indulgence and by our own peni tential endeavours." How gently Butler takes away with one hand what he has been laboriously giving with the other ! The little children are not supposed to be able to notice this piece: of juggling, worthy of Anderson, the wizard of the North. For example. The ques- tion is, " How are'-'sins to be forgiven?" -rtheA answer is;" through confession to ''the priest." ; The next- question is,:/' What kindj|6f?. confession T'--the answer is,' " a good-confession.". The next question "is, " What is the result of a bad confession — concealing anything ?" — the answer is, '.'ilying -to. .the Holy . Ghost." - 'The -.next question , is, " How shall we make a .good confession?" — the answer, is;- By- prepar'. , ing. for. it according to.a prescribedrfqrm."; And. then the question is, " The good con fession having 'been- made, and the priest haying ' given absolution, what i3. to , be '''dcitte,- "'afterwards ?"— the. 'answer1 is', ," To' tli'ank God for the: priest and his blessing,' and ' to perform- diligently ;tlie' penances enjoined; "in prayers, almsgiving, and other good wbrksJ/or satisfaction for our sin." Here then is- a toiling up to the cliraax-of doing everything, enjoined, ,and .making consequently a " satisfaction for our sins." But just at this moment; when the, hapless Papistcliild or adult — has got up to the idea that ho has made a satisfaction for 'his sins, his'Popish hopes " are dashed to the ground, by the subtle and 'designing ques tion — " When everything i3 'done and ,. all the. enjoined penances have been attended to— does this ahoays- satisfy for , sin?" " No!!" , Here is 1 a plight for a poor trembling wretch before the priest to be put in'! He toiled up the stairs- 'of pen ance to the very top; imagining that at .the top lie Bhould " find satisfaction for sin ;" but lo, when he gets there, at great trouble and expense, lie is .hurled to the bottom again by being told that what he hasbeen toiling at does not always give, ("satisfaction for sins'". .If not . always, how'shall- he know if ever? .If .not cer tainly, how' shall he' ever be sure ? Ah ; Butler had a design' in this withdraw ing alL that lie bad ' been giving. It was well enough to decoy up. the stairs, as so mucli profit is got to tlio Church by. that process ; but there was another source of ' profit ' to be revealed, which is' the inexhaustible mine- of gold to the Church. The little children: are t night to confess undef the expectation that their sins shall be 'forgiven, and are forgiven by the abso lution of' the priest' and the '.penances. They bring ;' their coppers' to ' get absolu-', tion— they expend their silver in doing the penances—yes, hut as the coppers and the! silver may fail of making satisfaction .for their sins, they have now revealed to them, that gold 'will "be needed to. make forgive ness quite assured to them by the.pur- chase of' something very 'precious "in . the Church's merchandise — viz., "Indul gences." ' . : "Will tlio penauce enjoined" in ooufession always satisfy, for our sins , ; "No : but whatever is wanted. may he sup plied hy Indulgences and by.our own penitential endurances." 1 Our; readers now see. the juggler's trick. The card of " satisfaction ."..is- nowrin the, box " Penances ;" then the juggling Butler gives tlie dox into tne liancis or tne clin ch en ; but in an instant, by the wave of : his wand, and uttering the words, "fly Jack," lo, the card "Satisfaction" is found: to be at the end of the room in the box . called " Indulgences !" The children of course are amazed at the cleverness of the trick ; and they wonder how it is done ; but as they like the fun, they set out in pursuit of tlio card "satisfaction" by seeing how much gold they can raise to secure " satis-, faction " out of the mysterious box '"indul gences." " , 1 What' does the Church, teach concerning indulgence? , . 1 " That Christ gave power . to the Church to grant' indulgences; and that they aro .most' useful to' - Christian people."— (Con. Trent,; Ses. 25.) For some very wise reason Butler gives a very brief account of indulgences. The Council 'ot ' Trent is referred to as the" proof of the teaching ; but why. did.Butler, not give the chapter and. verse in Scrip ture where1 Christ gave " power to the Church " to grant indulgences ? If they, are "'very useful to Christian people, "and if Christ did give the " power, to grant indul gences," how is it .that neither , in "the Gospels, nor in the' Acts. of 'the -Apostles, nor in ' the Epistles, is' there, one word about this power, or about indulgences, or about their advantage to Christian people ? The answer, of' course: 'is, that Butler could- not 'dare; refer to any passage in Scripture; because the Scripture contains no such-lying and money-making doctrine. 'If a passage had been cited, Bntler would have -exposed himself even to the little children. The falsehood of tlie teaching would have been plain ; and then besides, if a passage had been cited,- would it not have' given encouragement to the children to go to the Scripture, to read the passage, and judge whether the quoted passage was a proof at all ? It was safe to send the children to the decrees of the Council of Trent, As those decrees are in Latin 'they are, safely beyond the, inquisitiveness! 'of. .children ; but if even the children got them jtranslatodj no harm could follow from their reading' those decrees ; for tliey do in7 deed teach the doctrine of indulgences ; but as Scripture teaohes no such doctrine1, there was -Popish wisdom .in keeping the children from such a heretical field. .'J- 'But' the scantiness of' the information which Butler gives to the children about' indulgences is very remarkable. ( They are: told that ;whatever tliey lack "may be sup plied by .indulgences!;" , and;they are told i thati the. ,Church»has ffpow,e.r to grant indul gences ;' .bub.. the children,; who;,.' must be; very, anxious; to make; f satisfaciaontifpib their sins " arenot told out of what fund, theici defiiency. is , to be - supplied ; -.nor- byt what keyJ(the, indulgence chest is opened,! when : the,- Church ; grants .indulgences.1 This information ought. bo be given, them.,; Let us give them: a little help. : . The -theory of indulgences- is tthis; that: most men cannot do , enough, of penance or, good,, works to make,,", satisfaction for, their: 8ms.",,Tkey may confess as they like;, they! may.give.what money.theyiike ; they may: say what , prayers : they : please— still ; .they. ; come short, and torment is their doom unless; in ,some; way: ,01' : other they can1 make -up! the balance.1 iThero-. are others;' however,-; who have been able to,do more than w haft- is required of ,them. . , ,.j They: have in their lifetime, piuyed;. more: prayers, .done, more, gopd;deeds than.ywhafc theyj need, for satis:/ faction .for, their, own sins. .. . In. fact, .they,, were .a. great deal (better: than> they .needed- to,be for theiiy.qvy-n sake. Mfell- all; thevov.er;; plus of their merit is gathered intp;:an'im-, niense, treasury. Into;, that; treasuiy ds ga thered all the surplus, -.merit; of. Christ,; all- the surpias merit, of the Blessed Virgin, and . all the surplus merit, of, the saints. ' ,Tliis. fund,is;under-.the care of, the, Church.. .The, Pppe;has the;key,.pf it.,; ; If, tho:,.f'faithful,'''. living,, are. deficient- of .anything vto.make'! " satisfaction ' for : their, sin," out ! of . .this: store they. may get , the balance. rj.- .If, -.they;1 don't get the.balance . out1 of this fund, .theyi must burn in the .torments of p.urgatoryc until tliey liave paid the, uttermost, farthing: ! If , the " faithful," by . their: ." own, peni tential .endeavours," (reduce ; the: balance, tliey need the, less, out of the great fund .-in the Pope's (.keeping ;. but if neither by V. penitential, endeavours," -nor. by; draws on:, the Pope's , treasury -fund, the, balance:! si's- reduced and extiiigiiislied, ,tho.; ilonger , or , shorter' they, , must, suffer the-torments; in, purgatory,' unless, -when they- are; in1 pur gatory, their friends . ,make,.drafts '; for them on the ; Pope's treasury by masses and indulgences paid: for and , gained: in: different ways, according to the Pope's pleasure. The. bargain, then, is plain. . Here it iis seen how, as Bntler cunningly puts,: it,: " Indulgoncesure most; .useful tb Chr-istian: people.";, The affair is. one of arithmetic, and may easily be counted.;; ; It: is as.cloar; d jjitoo oi ouying aiici soiling)' 01/ Hi6rciiaua 1 dise, as the ( traffic in the Exchange, at Circular Quay. For instance;, a man: fails? : by his penances, comfessions,1 sacraments,- and penitential . endeavours, -by (say) five1 shillings in ;the pound. . If ' he goes to the; prison of purgatory, without paying the : deficit , five shillings, he must burn, until he has paid, " tlie very1 last: farthing."; But the deficit limy be met- in one of two ways; .or,- as- Butlor.has put it,. " Whatever, else! is wanting; may be, . supplied. ,by. ,indul-:; gcnces."' , He ' may either got an induU gence " while living, or lie may get it by /lis. /5'iewdsiwhen , dead. . In ; this, way.t lie' may. make up theideficit while lie is living ;. " He may . draw, ;by. indulgences, on: the. Pope's : fund;, for the five.shjllihgs in the pound,' by (attending; to, the: conditions on which , the Pope gi ves - indulgences ; : or, if lie die. before; the arrangement is made, by. masses and indulgences procured, at. such- a price, by. -his - friends. : How convenient-.! - How. " useful, to.Ghristian people !' -Bank rupt Christians (have; but , to gain one of the Pope's indulgences, which means, that, the Pope draws -,out of; his treasury 1 chest ; to" make up deficiencies ; and , then the account is:8quared,; or, if a man dies;before this liquidation.is : effected, his friends, by, masses and " indulgences at so .miich per piece, may, square .the account, . and .release , the soul out of purgatory fires. Hence the; Pope oilers "indulgences " at Jubilees and' special occasions, at . so much , per , piece, in the way of alms and prayers and visits to churches ; or, in the case of the . dead, by masses and gifts, the . dead get " repose, of Boiil " to the extent, of the indulgence ; that is, either the five shillings , in the pound deficient, or as much of that sum as the indulgence is worth, is pub to his credit, and the torments of purgatory are so much the shorter ! Mark now that the " indulgences," so useful for Christian people, in squaring their accounts, in making "satisfaction for sin" may he obtained y'or" H money, and then your readers' | have -the whole secret- out. That, the bargain is for money is, of course, denied. But1 the Pope is very ;Cunning. We shall, however, reserve this point for our article for next week, when we think we shall prove that if it were not for the money value of purgatory, the fires of . that modified perdition would ' have burned out long ago. ! i That Mr. Penfold, the chairman of the- last monthly; . meeting of , the Licensing Court, in the Water Police Office, should . have suffered the annoyance on Tuesday night last, of hayinghis, name dragged before the A.ssembly and his conduct can vassed ! and 'deiiouiiced by such persdns as. Dan-' O'Connor, "John1 Hurley;1 and otheis, was the penalty of Mr. Penfold knowing more and, being more, upright , in character: than his accusers. , The ; conduct of Mr. Penfold "throughout the'"1 "consideration of Mr. Dimond'p ; application' for license was- dignified and impartial ; , find,: surrounded , as lie was, by personsjwho ( were 'impatient lo grant the rlicense/he kepfc the .order, of ? the Bench with remarkalilo firmness. How Mr. Dan O'Qohhor, the chief accuser in the House, came tp'fbp:pn on t the occasion, is best known to -himself ; but his appearance, there' was noticed by?many as a ' sin'gularcoinciclence"with tlie applica tion, to say the le'ast .of -it." -'On the Bench Mr. O'Cohn'or! ! siippor ted -'I' 'tlie; granting of the license j.-andiwhen he found that the votes were equal by. "the , 'chairman voting, lie was lbu'dVnd: (eloquent1.; ih/ denouncing the conduct of 'the7phaifmfin(; Led as he was by the solicitor, Mr.' Ooonan, who displayed his-: knowledge1 of "jurisprn- dence," as he md1! ahd ' of '. the; " principles 1 of the British|Cpnstitution,'' :as he added, Mr. O'Connor.was; confident? in his con demnation, that, the "chairman was a " dis grace" to -the Benchjand that.he did not know what;the diity pf 'a chairman was. Had li'e" been speaking of a chairman of a pig farmers' meeting, ' Mr. , .OlConnor .would . no doub t have been consideredjan oracle for wisdom and 'law ; 'but ; wlien-he was speak ing of . a chairman bf .fa Bench of magis trates, in a judicial proceeding, he was only, talking, arrant . nonsense. . But Mr. Dan O'Connor remembered bliat he was',a Membei;:6f Parliament, and therefore- he rushed off,iiwith. :;liis;,. complaint toy thee Assembly;! and as 'soon ,:as he he got a chance, lie denounced- Mr. Penfold before tlie country, and .klonianded;7that the Government should, remove him from the . Commission of tlie Peace, iis corrupt "br in competent I Tliua Daiiuired- his ignorance,1 and! proved, that if anyone' deserved to be , removed . from the.Cpmmission of , the- . Peace; lit was1 himself;- as, nob only ignorant, (but committing a flagrant injustice on Mr. Penfold, in so ; insulting, .and traducing: iliim when he, Mr. Penfold, had no oppor- ; tunity "of reply. MriG'Coiinor demanded ;the opinion. of the Attorney-General but XX li6- IleVCl USKGCl IOv XIjcIu OpiniOtly clnCl KGj)u his accusations and denunciations, and. ignorant bullying until that opinion had been. pronounced,! lie . would have been ex cusable ; and now if Mr. O'Connor bea man. and accustomed to confession, he will ; make an apology for his insolent outrage- upon one of: the most intelligent and pains taking of 1 oiir new'- magistrates!'— Mr. O'Connor's eloquence kindled the flame in the -virtuous bosom of John Hurley, of Hartley. With- the confidence of a -supreme judge this noble John said to the House that Mr. Penfold, in what, he had. done had showed himself " totally unfit for his, position." " He had acted very unjustly to the applicant." And he " .trusted that the; Government would see not to appoint- such! persons as Mr. Penfold, -to; sit. as 1 magistrates.":, Where -had Mr. Hurley of Hartley >been studying- law to give forth- such an oracular deliverance on the point, iri'the very presence of : the Attorney- - General: and half a dozen eminent lawyers, in.the House? He must have been learn ing the law from his friend Mr. Shepherd, with; wliom he hunts on many occasions; and this may account for the impudence of; his attack on ? Mr. Penfold : — Such, persons as : Mr. Penfold," said Mr. (John-: Hurley !' We are sure in 'character; intel ligence, knowledge of law, and. upright-, iiess in the discharge of duty, Mr. Penfold will compare with Mr. J ohn ITnrley. - No doubt," -Mr. Penfold is not a Member of' Parliament, and; has ; not i the privilege of slandering his betters without risk of conse quences. Only in, (this /privi?e(/e is Mr. Penfold inferior to, Mr. ,Huriey; but; we- are sure that if Mr. Penfold were in the same- position to use the same privilege,1 her would have more good sense and character - than. Mr. Hurley, in not abusing the privilege as Mr.; Hurley has, done, with his paltry impudence?— '/ Let the Govern-- ment see not to appoint such persons as. Mr. Penfold to sit as magistrates !" The "== — I House was convulsed with laughter at tiro Solemn warning of Mr. Hurley ( and the, "Government seriously considered if ibpjiia not be better to ask Mr.' Wisdom o -re, sign that the : wiser Mr.) John Hurlw 'might be appointed to "'his place as .the(; "Government's legal adviser,! .When per-, .'sons such as ; Mrl John Hurley. 3( are made, -Members of Parliament; .the Government may not: only be excused. ;bu t Psed, when, ,they make such , .persons as Mr. 1 enfold magistrates to, sit on the Bench.— Anothci I ginning light, in, the person of Mr. W. O. Browne, cast a glare of .wisdom on the defects of Mr. Penfold. This gentleman solemnly , assured, the,, Bench Atha t during all'the years he hadibeen 011 Bench, he had never ' seen ! so disgraceful, a. proceed-, in<r» as that of Mr. Penfold voting while in the chair. , He spoke : as ; , if , ; ho were neaily a) hundred-, years old, and as., if lie, had been fifty years .on the Bench. The « an " in his case cannot number more than ten , and during those:tenyears so ignorant has lie been) of the powers and duties of a. magistrate voting while' in the . chair ! How obvious is it that the cliange ponlem- platcd by the new law is -not coming too soon— Mr. W. 0;" Brown .being - the .con vincing proof.— The - speech 1 of Mr.- Gray, was that of a fanatical anti- teetotaler , - and. that of Mr. JFarnell. was singularly absurd as coming from a gentleman who ; has been : Premier of the colony. " .We, don't wonder, at the speecli'of 'Mr. Pitzpatrick; but it is surely lamentable ; that tho .leader, .of the opposition; should talksuch nonsense on so plain a subject.— It is "perfectly- ; obvious ' that Mr. Peufolddid.notliirigbut what/he was bound to do, ; and ' what the -law empowers him tp do. As the " licensing .'proceedings' are - a " j udicial proceeding," -a "well might the Ghief Justice in the chair in Banco he denied his . opinion and vote, as Mr. Penfold in the case in ques- The 1 supposition is surely preposterous enough. Another Licensing' Day.— Last Tuesday was- the usual-, monthly , licensing- day at the; Contral and .Water Police Courts ; anil, as was to be expected,- a goocl deal' 'of interest was manifested in the business to. bo done in both places. In the. .Central, the application which had been seven'- times before 'the -Bench was again refused, and another case, whioli had- evidently given rise to a good deal 1 of :) specula-; tiou lii-tho publican circle, met with, the same; f ato.- Margaret Cook, however,- .who : had -bef oro : been -.twice -refused .a license, succeeded, at- which tlio woman seemed ' to be so highly de lighted as scaecely to believe her' .-ears wlieu she was told — ' ' Granted: " ; At. : the .Water Police .Court," the first case brought on-was- tbat of- one Thomas Grace/for license for the' famous Bogum premises,, in Palmer-street; : This made the fifteenth attempt to get a license for Bogan or some of his dummies. Tlio - Bench had. great doubt about tlie.6oiia -7ftfes:'0f the application ; and the police lodged tlio following objections : — 1 .1. " That the house did not. -contain: the necessary accomodation, neither was it, from its close connection with adjoining premises, suited .for a public-house; 2. That, an additional' public-house was not required in the neighbour- - hood, there being at present no less than 13 licensed houses within 300 yards' -of-.; tho promises in . question"; 3.- That the inhabi tants have strenuously objected to . sonic 14 applications made during the last ..three, years , to - open a public-house at this particulsr corner, all of which had been refused. V The weekprcviously, Bogan, who still lives on the premises, had 'been ! busy in getting his corner photographed, and .wanted .to produce a pietty picture of, his ."wife's - property in Court. As he mado the " corner over to his wife about three , years ago, " because of tho " natural anil-strong .affection which he bore to her," lie thought a picture of ' the ) property settled on her would be pleasant to hang on- his wall, and "exhibit in Court. Aocordincly, . although - the man Grace- ' applied - lor The license, it -was evident that " he. 'knew very little about tho matter and' still loss about the neighbourhood, as ho did .hot know, tlio name of the street adjoining. Began; 'however was present with; his -picture,- and he was sportingly showing; himself, oft-' outside ,, the ; Court, -with his thumbs in) his waistcoat arm- i holes, confident that he was going.) to have ' success in his fifteentli attempt. - Mr. Coouan appeared for the applicant ; and, of course: Ke ; did not wish to -take his feo for. nothing ; ' there- ' fore lie made -two" or three efforts, to. ilo: -work for the money ; but succeeded' only; in ''showing, that. the man Grace had; been very' gracious ; in dealing with an' auctioneer for: the lease of the promises instead of with Bogan .himself !': Tlie Bench refused the liceuse by twenty-niue votes \"i. , nexfc so was an application for a new public-house at Balinairi, which was refused; »fvliexT w,vS fr'a license to a house in George- atieet North; next door to a house already licensed, -which also was refused.; -The next, was fn,?„ap? i n of Pat"ck Dimond for a license foi a newkemse at the comerrofDowling'and ts- It was sho wh that'- there are bfiHvn r«eeU publlo"llouses in 'William-street;' & T , P01nei'ang. street and - Darlingliurst waa. objected, therefore, by the S iby a largo number of the inhabitants thatauothei public-house was not wanted in the neighbourhood. The house was shown " to be a sOod one and suitable for accommodation- and the character of Mr.; Dimond was shown to bh kff r;; rf tl10 pplico ,and the nemh- bourhood insisted that a- new public-house was not wanted in- the district. : As the justices <m ww f1Ci a fonrtoen on eaeh side,, no order s made.— As this case was made special, and one oitwo 'vp remarks iu the -House, wo iadd oi two lemarlts upon it.' The ground was W-i's ortie'v11 l> Solomon, and Mr. Solomon was on the tench to vote for the license. - Mr. Coonati;- the'applicant's solicitor,1 saitlj " Yes, lie : boiighti theland 'from-' Mr; - Solomon, and paid for- ; :Mr;'!vS6lomohwthen : 'added that he .thought -the- Bench: was bound' ''to 'grant the -licensej'.because a moiitli before, the application .was -postponed; j as cthe' -housed was not5 quite (finished. Therefore, ";said Mr;- Soloinon; " as .the! house, is nowifinished.' tho'Beneh' was -bound io' grant' the license !" The case iva's pressed; as Mr. Dimond wa3: a, respectable man;' and; would give- good; ' accommodation i to travellers ; ' but -it was shown that he had said, if ho got ' a license; ho would let the house to a tenant, and stick , to his own business. r; It was shown also that lie had tried to let the place for a bank, or' a coffee palace; 'or- 'anything and1 -so;" interjected tho eminent solicitor, Mr.- Coouan,. "as by force of circumstances Mr. Dimond' lias ! been compelled to turn his prcmiscs-into a public-liousc, it shows - that - a publio-houso is needed , there !" Again, tho ease was pressed becaiiso;that house of iMr.-Dimondis is tlie- best building ofkho thirteen " publics ?' in the whole' street. If; therefore, " , said- Mr. Coonau, - '- this 'good-house' is licensed; -several- of the inferior houses ; in the 'street i:will .be closed. " This is a delusioii. -Tho good house will have its own.' class of customers ; for it has never boon found tliat the; good' liouses swallow : up tlio inferior houses. ' But in all this argumen tation tho desire of the -neighbours was set aside as of no account. Is it not monstrous that when neighbours and' house - proprietors : .succeed in raising a r'ospcotable . neighbourhood, - and: qiiiet people liyo there; paying good rents for the quiet and respectability of the position; their wishes' .should be of no account, when a man. pleases' to build a publio-liouse, ' as to whether or ;not the license shall.be granted '! It is surely tho most reasonable of all things that no heighbourliood should -be thus' persecuted and deteriorated.' This case, therefore, is one of the best illustra tions of the iniquity of the - present law which have occurred; Tho neighbours i -life 'all of, the most respectable class; The , terrace of houses opposite, and the superior housct adjoining;- are ail of a class that will never .use the proposed public-house ; its customers, therefore, it will draw from passers-by and from lower people who may co mo into the laiies adjoining. . All Itliose neighbours object , to the .proposed - license ; yet . so ine magistrates,: the lawyer, and. -the applicant think, it very hard that any body : should objocit, and th'oy say that the appiicant is persecuted if he-be refused. We have no- doubt .that- ulti mately the license will be granted ; but it ought not to bo, on tlio plainest principle of justice to tho -people and landlords: adjoining. The new law is much needed; that so, monstrous a state of things may. he impossible again. At tlie' con clusion: of tho ease, which fell through ' by; the : votes of the magistrates being- equal, a - .scene' . occurred ; .because . ; the Chairman presumed -to exorcise his right to vote while occupying the -chair. -This point wo. notice in another ' placo.i Tlio soeno only;proved , that it is , time that the licensing was taken out of the bauds of the ma gistrates who denounced the Chairman's conduct.! Theyb; only < pro vod their incapacity to -under-; stand the character in which they were sitting.) Mi-. Solomon was conspicuous' in his zeal ; for; lie,, assuming .to be'the Chairman; " declared tlic; license, granted !)' - And thenrMr. W. C. Browne remarked that the conduct of the Chairman- was = ." disgraceful." The proper reply to such a remark was: " disgraceful - ignorance on the part of your self." But what was, to bo: expected ? A Papist applicant— a Papist lawyer/ - laying - down : bad; law, and a Papist magistrate (giving, his .vote."-;; . Sunday for the Butckorsi— ' We aro glad that the movemont to , secure -to the butchers -the enj'oymcnt of a day of rest is taking shape, and will likely prove a success by the sympatliy of -the public, and thc.unanimity of the masters. A well- attended meeting of .tlie, masters and men was held on Monday evening last, at the Tern-; perance Hall, Mr, Quinlaii in the chair. The Pew Mr. Garnsey, of Chi'ist Church, and the) Pcv. Dr. M'Gibbon were present to . assist. Letters of apology for absence were read from Dean Couqjer and others, but Sj'mpathisiug with the movement. Both rev. gentlemen present addressed the meeting, - and their remarks were received with cordial acceptance by the meeting. Resolutions were unanimously passed, and a) deputation was. appointed to - wait - upon tho Colonial Secretary, to, solicit the interest of tho .Government in securing that the butchers should not he allowed to be exceptions to, the Sunday; law, in requiring their shops - to bo . closed- on | Sunday.— \Ve ave. surc that . all parties will, .admit that the butchers are : not asking any-: thing but what is. their right, in- asking that, ' after ,tlieir . late .hours and laborious -toil - during ! tbp vvo'ek, -they! shall be, entitled to liave a Sab- 1 bath day's rest. ; ! . , , SesaSOr- Badeia.'— I'Vceniah cannot -forgive! Mr;. Lee, the - Bathurst magistrate.' That func tionary offered a certain . loafing Papist an order tobo admitted to the local hospital '' but the .said' loafing' 'Papist wanted, something better ; whereupon he was asked a;liout iis religion ; and i wheii he' admitted tliat ho'was a Papist, lie was asked .to go ?to the: priests' and see what they . "would- do for him. : But the ' maii replied that ,the priests will do nothing for; the poor, unless to seud 'tli'em away from tlieir door with h, growl. ; 'Freeman has'heard mbre'g.wbletl Yeports 'of ' this ; loafing intervieSv; "He is; therefore, very angry. He thinks to insiilf Mr; Lpfs ' because Mr. Leo is a Government official. Ail official must hot1 ask questions of the "faithful." " He' must not send sponging Papists to .tho ' priests; He ouglit to feel.hiinself highly bonbured when' '.the faithful cmc to' him' and ask; for assistance. ' ' But all this is only hollow zeal out of a revenge, because Mr. Lee has hot been as willing as other Police Magistrates to "help the Church. " The ease of the boy Long is ! remembered : and a few other eases explain the bitter and fierce wrath of Free'- man against the Bathiirst magistrate. ' A fact has been brought out by him, inadvertently, aud aceideutally which the " faithful loafer " Wit- nessed and coiifessedq and this is) peculiarly aggravating to Fpeeman and his crow, But what the' loafing Papist confessed is! true, Priests will give nothing to the poor if they can help it,' . Every public man in: Sydney knows that when Papists come-to tiiem for orders ' on asylums, or for assistahce, and if .tho priests be mentioned, ' the uiiiform statement made ; in answer is this — " The priests Will take; but they will not give." - : '' -:"ThO Australian."— We have received. -a copy of the J unb: number of this serial; It opens j with a very valuable account 'of tho- mines 'iuul I mining on Hawkins Hill, Hill .End.'.' .. There is prefixed'an excellent survey photograph of tho hill,' showing , the position of , the mines which have liiadb Hill End famous. The photo, taken from - the spot gi ves an excellent idea of the hill, when all the mines were in full working order;. A statement underneath shows 'for! how':.' niu'ch eaeh mine was floated. The article following tells how much gold each has ' produced, ! and at what a loss to the shareholders eaeli lias been in tlie latter clays.' The Hill lias yet good pros- !pebts.' It is, ' in mining language,. ' looking up again. ' Much heed ; for Hill End, once a, busy and tliri virig. town; is now. abou t' deserted; Only this week a decent couple,- who had lived'' bii the Hill forniany years, -told \ us they had .:qqlqared out " by :selling a house',' which seven -years, ago .post; them; £400, for., £9.0 !— Another ;; valuable artielb'appearsfn this niimber of tlio Amtralian '!,On ,tlio'!\Vatbf Supply," showing th'oj,- rainfall and how' forests affect the quantity given by the elpu'ds.'. The', subject is treated very - comprof .h'bhsively,; ahel cqncludcs that in New Soutli Wales the ' utmost-; care ought to, bo. taken . to preserve the forests which wo -..have from the destruction which threatens them." ' v . j > Priests - at . Eloctions. — The?.' sample which we give in auother- column of priestly conduct at elections, in Ireland, -casts much'light on'tlio miseries which continue -to- make that' country a place of anarchy. How is it that Ireland is, in times of election; always in : a' '-'state: of -rebellion and lawlessness 1 ; The: answer is ' becausb tho priests will not allow the people to exorciso their freedom, . and i act upon their own ' "i utellig'ence and forethought. ' The ' priests claim the right to dictate aiicl- guide; They ' must "choose ' the candidate. They must dictate tho votes." They must control the election and -unless this right is conceded to -them, 'they rouse the 'passions of the ignorant and : the lawless uiitil : the country is on the brink of rcvolntion. — Bnt many of the people are beginning to - weary 'of this- priestly dictation. . . Thoy are ) opening their eyas - to seo that priests . are - had - masters, - whatever they may bo as servants. They - are claiming the right to think and act for -' themselves. ; ' Like timid children, they are (beginning- to- say that priests have nothing to do, with -polities ; but'as not yet: accustomed. to triist their- own j udgmeut and - to ; walk without orutches, tiiey 'say; ' " In -politics we have a right to' judge for') ourselves ; but in faith, we are willing to bo guided by the; priests."? : This is the first - stage of eomiu g out of Egypt. ; And the people; who are beginning to go so far, will soon learn.tliat priests are just as unroliablo -in religion as they are in politics ; and that .the - demands of. the priests - oiv tlio) people !in religion are the grounds of the demands of the priests on the people iii pollitics. Let it be once) allo wed that the priests are thb voicq'and instruments of God to guide- and direct and bless the people ; and then; logically, the demand is as : applicable : in politics - as in- religion ; -in other words, - tho Pope's claim to rule the world is the logical outcome of the Pope's claim to rule -the Church. — The point !of interest notioeable! in the ease wo quote in: another -column is this,) that the day of priestly tyranny and dictation at elections is now. nearly over. Even iu Ireland tho people are' beginning to -say;;..". .We have-enough; of -priests." " We have - a right to spealcand 'act) for ourselves." Paltry politicians indeed may! shuffle and flatter ; hut there aro Irishmen who! are capable of saying— "Down with the priests."' And- the -priests, like crestfallen bullies, cannot- face'tho scorn, of their people- when once it is| 1 evoked.-? At present/ thousands of the Irish- are1 kept . under - the v heel of the priests - by the! terrors of purgatory and the denial of the sacra-! ments ; but they are beginning to.'. feol'. that! Church tyranny is a burden. When they say J f Priests -have nothing to do with polities, " they - -will soon. go farther, and; say, f Priests have a; -right to advise aud counsel but thoy must not be, allowed to dictate and! coerce." Somo day there .will be terrible reprisals upon the task-' .masters, --.' When .the spirit of liberty is; awakened, the.bonds whielrnow fetter the - im-: pulsivo Irish will be broken in' a thousand . pioces. . ; !;i- The! OMnese Difflcttltjr .—Whatever is ' to bo said about tho influx of Chinese, and, about tlie laws which are to' regulate the ; immigration ' of f hat people, there ought not to bo a : shadow of diflioulty about how the Chinamen, who are! actually in the country, are to be protected from ) 'brutal violence. The Christian! feeling of the country ought ! to make certain that tliese strangers (if thoy are strangers) shall be dealt with on the principle of a coihinon. humanity. Some ' of them are not- strangers, but -British ; subjects, just as;we ourselves are, But whether strangers or British subjects, no dislike to tlieir immigratioh; and no jealousy of their competi tion in trade, and no dislike of their pagan morality, can warrant or excuse thb ruffian violence which has just overtaken "them in ' the neighbouring colony, of Victoria. The. papers give .us an 'account of a ferocious, attack made upon. them in the streets of Melbourne by work men and others of like occupation. ! The poor Chinese; as' they passed down,! the street, were, brutally attacked with sticks and stbrie8"; !aud then, as if theso'things were not sufficient to do enough of injury, the ruffian colonials— English men—British subjects — who' 'love ' liberty— and demand freedom— rushed . upon the Celestials with; knives, and stabbed them iii the b'ack: and neck! within ail inch1 of their; lives/ and the ruffians escaped f The polico' were not to be found ; hut the citizens who saw- the affair were sb'co wardly in the matter, or 'so much in sympathy with the assailants/' that'they "did' hot- seize the brutal assailants and walk them off to a safe place. We do not plead for;, Chinese immigra tion.' - W c have1 no desire - to see: the Chinese in large numbers in; th cse: colonics ; ' and we do not obj ect to any /wise 'legislation ." which- will have the effect of limiting arid restraining the doming of 'these pebjile j 'but wo insist- that the' 'Chinese who are amongst us ought' riot to be cruelly op pressed and injured. Thoy, have a right to the protection of the- law r'as well as every other citizen; They are in tho- country on the grourid that, while they conform to' the law, they shall enjoy! the' peace and protection of tho . law. ' The Christian character ; of - the country is pledged that. they shall be free 'to go and come — free to work' and eat— free 'to trado and make money — withiii'thd terms -of the' law and, therefore; every orie who values what ho calls his' British freedom/ should feel liiinself bound to be fair to the Chinese.- What would thbso! ruffians who illuse them say, if they wero in China, if the Chinese hiobs' were to hurt and stone them ? I They would think it very hard, and complain to the Consuls : but is freedom to be all on the one side? . "Work Deserving Good Results.— The mau who will succeed in settling the difficulties between the men and the masters in the coal dis- triets and mines of the Hunter River , will, un- ''questionably, deserve well of tbo whole colony. It is melancholy to see a whole province -of the colony in the desolate state iu ..which- the-, dis turbed coril ' districts of the- "Hunter" are at present. Wo do not "profess to enter .into; the merits of ' the quarrel between the miners arid the masters; They both seetri to . bo confident -that right is on their side. .. .17e '.only look" at' the' fact tbatari'iridustryj jwhich' is 'destined! to make this colony- great/ is almost paralysed !"by the clirouie disputes which have, required both, .the police arid the soldiers to interfere.j!aWe..,thirik . of trade injured ; wo' think of families suffering ; we .think; of capital lying idle j.wp!! think of labour unemployed— and wo say ; " a ).thousand pities that these strikes and quarrels'' cannot be got rid of. '-'—The districts of Wallsend,,, Lamb- ton, and Newcastle 'ought to be the niost! pros perous, cohtGnted.,happy; and busy 'districts in the- colbriy;' Instead of that, ' they aro dis- oonterited ' arid' 'poor. The' grounds of quarrel seem to widen; and the spirit seems to become more bitter and fierce. , It is a noble .work, therefore;' which. Mr. G.' A. Lloyd proposes!when he proposes to ' bring the disputants to, peace. He ought to be credited with tlie best of, motives iu seekirig "reconciliation - between the contend ing parties. Everi if he does riot succeed to the extent which he desires, lie deserves praise;, for making the attempt; /Hrihas our best wishes in his labour. . His - prudence and 1 tact ' ai-o all needed to meet' and -get over tlio difficulties. Some 'of- the blasters are angry and ready to be unreasonable ; arid some of tne men aro" bitter aud revengeful. But it is to be hoped that both amoug the masters arid the riien there .will' bo enough of reasonable concession to bring har mony to-tho ' distracted people ; in the ! districts cdnoernedi' It is possible that .wrongs have been committed on both sides. Is is certain, that on both sides there is a sense of honour to stand out, and of humiliatipn iu giving way. But we hopethat Mr.'-Lloyd will bo able to couvirice both parties that if there-be some sacrifice" of honour aud some degree of humiliation in giving! way, the resultof peace willfar more than niakpupforwhat may be sacrificed. It will bo' a happy' day for the Hunter River when the mines are all in full work, when the men are all satisfied, arid when the masters, feel that thoy are getting a full return for their "effort aud investment of capital. We shall rejoice - if this' happy day bo now at last come ; and we shall consider that Mr. Lloyd, wliether.hc bo the immediate instrument of bringing it about or . not, has contributed an important part to tho " devoutly wished-for " result. . If Mr; Lloyd lias recently been sepa rated from public life in Newcastle and. the Hunter River district, his efforts for tho bonefit of ' his lato electorate aro justly to be considered thet-,more disinterested and honourable. ' Since tho above was : put - in typo; it has been tele graphed that tlie efforts of Mr. Lloyd have suc- cccded in eliding the strike; We are veiy glad, arid hope that all difficulties will be amicably arranged, and the sorrow of the past be forg'otteu and forgiven.-. JtLdffO Moymott. — This gentlemau, more than any other of the'District or Supreme Court Judges, has had his -name, brought before .the public- by - the breath of suspicion and reproach. Ho now again-'appears on the pillory. 1 Mr. Dillon has laid heavy charges against him of partiality, injustice, and, in fact, practical cor ruption.- The statements made have yet to - be proved, of course, but the mere .making of them is most damaging. The Government has done what it could not help doing, in appointing a Commission to take the charges into considera tion. We hope they will be probed to the bottom, It is of the utmost consequence that the adminis tration :of justice should bo pure arid' above 'reproach. If Judge Meymott bo guilty of one- tenth of what Mr. Dillon has alleged, . it.is!im- ' .possible' that .' he can retain his position.';,; :! if. In- ; discretion " -'will; not excuse some of the! things ' whioh; liave been laid to liis account.' Any man "of common ' sense would see that for a judge .'to reside - with a squatter, who is a suitor, in his Court/ is to lay himself open to tho charge of partiality. . It may seem very, hard that a judge cannot be the guest of a friend ; bnt ; no judge who values' - the appearances of things would ever cqriserit 'to. accept the hospitality of, a suitor wliilo his case is ipeuding in Court. : Better to decline all hospitality -when ori his circuit.' . But Judgo.Meyriiott's resideuce with squatters , arid others who often appear ' in. his Court may be explained, if not excused, by the statement that hotel-keepers would .riot receive him! into their lious.is-so troublesome is he, and so bad a pay. Folly of this kind cannot bo cured by any Coin- mission'; and if a judge brings himself down to such a pass as this, his usefulriqss in a district or qri- the bencli is at an end. If a jiKlgo' caririot pay his way with pleasure and tlianki— theqiost of honour f or! liim is' a private station. . ! .'Tie Third Anniversary of the Church of St.' Simon and St. Jude yas celebrated -by. a tea : anil public meeting at the Temperance .- Hall '.on, Tuesday last. About 300 persons were present. -Mr. M. H. , Stephen, Esq., presided, and there was on tlie . platform, Rev. ; Canon Morton, F. Elder, :H. Marty n; j. Dark, ,-E. Col- viii, H. Parr, and J. D. Langley. The chairman in choice and appropriate language congratu lated -tlie; incumbent upon the great suceess!that had, attended his efforts. The meeting! was addressed' by Canon' Morton, wbo thought that; considering the church had been for over twelve months, witiibiit a minister it had held together iu'a1 highly satisfactory. 'manner. The treasurer next stated to the iriecting that the sum, of £85 was urgently required to pay the contractors arid he was sure that the appeal to them .would not bo iri; vain. . The Rev. J. D. Langley also addressed the' meeting, briefly' thanking 'the people for the sy mpathy and help they hadigiven him; iii! the work . of Christ in the .dis- tiob, Turing the metting several , hyms were sung by. the church choir. Tho usual vote of thanks having been passed , to. ; the ladies and ehairriian, the benodictiou was then pronounced, -by' Rev.'. Canon Morton and tho meeting closed. It is a remarkable fact that in this oliurch, tho fnajority of active church workers,: iu fact we may almost say the majority of the male attendants at this place of worship are members of the Orange Institution. 