CiicHapunUa^eralU. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1880. ENCOURAGEMENT OF LOCAL INDUSTRIES. The Commissioner of Public Worlcs lias in & most uncomfortable position lately, for, io addition to having to endure the pro longed..hat leather, he had figuratively been plunged into hot water. Tsyo charges have been brought against him of disregarding die reso lution of Parliament to theeffect that "where possible work should be done in the colony in preference to being sent oat of it. The first of thesewas in respedtto the iron viaducts for the Nairne Hallway, the order for which ap pears to hare been sent to Amm-inn, without giving our local manufacturers an opportunity of tendering therefore. As a reason for this it is urged that the American bridges are re markably superior. But this does not ap pear to be admitted bj some who are qualified to judge. But even if they are so good, we presume the superiority attaches rather to tlfe design than to the workmanship; and eurely with the number of civil engineers in the colony there should be no difficulty in adapting the designs of our transatlantic brethren to the requirements of the line in question in such a manner as to have at least afforded our local manufacturere a chance of competing. We are no believers in protec tion, and, therefore, if, as the result of ten ders called simultaneously in Amcrica and the colony, the price was greatly in favour of the imported article, by all means let us have it. Though, by the way, the mere contract price is not everything. In respect to works effected in the cdlony the final certificate is not passed until the work is in actual use, and the contractors arekept very closely to the sp edu cations. In regard to imported manufactures— railway carriages, &c.;—it has frequently hap pened that considerable alterations, involving a large expenditure, haye had to be made before the manufactures in question could be applied to thp purpose for which they were intended; so that, bearing the item of extras in mind, it would seem to be pretty safe to leave a tolerably wide margin in favor of colonial manufactures. All things considered, then, we think the Chamber of Commerce did quite right to enter their protest against the action of the Commissioner in this respect; and regarding his explanation as unsatisfac tory, we fully eipect to hear something more about the matter when Parliament meets. Misfortunes and faults are said never to occur singly. The occurrence of one appears almost inevitably to be the certain forerunner of others. And so, following in the wake of the Chamber of Manufactures, we find the good people of Teatree Gully and other stone producing districts taking the Comniissioner to task for sending out of the colony to obtain the freestone for the erection of the various new Government buildings, and to urge the advisability of South Australian stone being used in preference to imported in all Government work. The Commissioner, however, turned the tables on the deputation in this case, by showing that it was *101 owing to any neglect on the port of the Government, but rather- to that of the owners of quarries that the action com plained of was to be attributed. These parties it would seem had never sought to show that South Australian stone of •equal quality could be supplied at lower or even equal rates as the Sydney stone; indeed, that although the Government had advertised in the Gazette for eight months (and for some tame in the daily papers) for fmmplwH of first-class freestone, only a few very small samples had been sent in, and it was with difficulty a single dressed sample was obtained. Tins would indicate great in difference on the part of those who had suita ble stone at their disposal until such time as they began to reap the fruits of such indif ference ; and they at least have no right to blame the Commissioner, if in his desire to get' good stone, be, failing to get offers from within the colony, sent outside for a supply. The question, however, arises, should there Jiave been this failure ? and should the Go vernment be dependent on private owners for their supply of freestone? "We think not. That there is plenty of good stone in many districts is •well-known, and the Government would do well to reserve likely sites in suit able localities for the purpose of Government quarries. It oertainly is very essential that the stone used for costly public buildings should be of the best qualify obtainable. . We have had more than enough of experience as to the cost liness of stucco, which requires constant re painting to give it at all a decent appearance. We have also seen a number of .buildings erected in which the freestone" used has beets so impregnated with iron as after exposure for a lime to present a dirty rusty appearance. So one would care to see our public buildings built of such stone, and if better could not be got in the colony it would be quite right to import it. But we believe it can, and think quarry-owners have their own dilatori ness to thank that our higher-class building stones are not better known. We notice that the Advertiser of Tuesday last has a short article on shop girls, in which it quotes the concluding portion of an article on the subject of shop girls at home, and re marks that" fortunately those who serve in our shops in Adelaide are not so hardworked as are their sisters in London," who it points out are on duty from 8 a.m. till 6 p.m. We agree that in some respects the balance may be in favor of the female assistants in the colony, but in others they are quite as badly off j &nd; as a whole there is room for a good deal of improvement. In the first place con sidering the difference in the climate, we are not sure but that the hours here are fully as faying, being generally 9 to 6 o'clock, except on Saturday, when they are nominally 9 to .10, but many of the assistants would con sider themselves fortunate to get away at that hour. During the excessively hot weather to have to be on- .one's feet in a close drapery store must be even more trying, than the cold weather at home ; and we all know that such constant standing is. apt to be very prejudicial to tbe health of young females. But it is specially in the matter of the' Saturday hours that reform is needed. There has been a great td-doabont the eight hour system for me chanics and laborers, but these seem to forget. that the employes in drapery stores have to be on duty thirteen hours. This is unneces sary and should be altered. It is hard on the male assistants, and absolutely cruel to those of whom we are accustomed to speak as the weaker sex, but whom we thus condemn to work 50 percent, more hours than amechanic. The majority of artisans and laborers have shorter hours on Saturday than on any other day in the week, and they should do what they can to prevent their less fortunate fellow colonists from being thus unduly pressed - It is notorious that some people will not do their shopping till late, often from mere thoughtlessness. As a matter of fact they could see to buy much better by daylight, and there is no reason why they should not do their marketing before dark ; but they won't. The masters, however, are not free from blame. The banks close at 12 one day in the week, and at 3 on other days. If they kept open till 9 at night there would still be some who would rush in at the last moment with their cash or tiheir cheques; but as they know the banks close at a given time, they manage to transact their business with the banks within the prescribed hours. Of course the fact that there are so few banks and so many store keepers and drapers favors combination in the one case and militates against it in the other. But any way, employers who have the interest of tbeir employes at heart, should do all they can to shorten the hours of labor, more especially of those who belong to the same sex bs their mother and sisters. Long hours on Saturday altogether unfit the assis tants for Sunday's duties. In country towns it is not quite so bad, the hour for closing being 9 in place of 10; but there is no reason why business shonld not be brought to a close ' at 6 o'clock on Saturdays as well as on any other day. Let some good firms set the example, and others will socn follow. Gas ik the Metbopoij s.—It is expected the street lamps in the city will be once more lit with gas on Monday next. Adelaide and Suburban Tramway Com pany.—We notice that this Company has at length declared its first dividend of 4s. per share. Passed Away.—Another well-known old colonist has joined the great majority, Mr. Henry Muirhead, of Adelaide, having died somewhat suddenly at Glenelg. He had been contemplating retiring from his business, that of jeweller and watchmaker. Ocean Postage.—The Imperial Govern ment has consented to reduce the postage from England to the colonies via Brindisi to the old Southampton rate; and we should imagine our Government will not be long in following suit. The Harvest.—-The Register as the result of careful enquiries, estimates the area leaped at 1,480,600 acres, yielding an average of a trifle over 11 bushels per acre of wheat, giving a gross outcome in round numbers of 16,300,000 bushelsj which after providing for seed and home consumption "will leave a surplus, available for export, of about 361,000 tons, or as we put it a snort time back enough to load a thousand ton vessel every week day in the year, with 48,000 tons to spare. Breach of Compulsory Clauses.—Three or four cases are to be heard on Monday, in which the parents have been summoned far a breach of that clause of the Act which pro vides that children between the ages of seven and thirteen must (unless satisfactory reasons be shown for such absence) attend shool at least thirty-five days in each quarter. Primitive Methodist Bazaar. — By advertisement in another column it will be seen that our Primitive Methodist friendB intend holding a bazaar, in aid of the church funds, in Mr. Lewis's premises at the corner of Main and Hill- streets. The bazaar is to be open on Tuesday and Wednesday next, and again on the following Saturday. Export op Cereals.—By a typographical error in our last, it was made to appear that precisely the same quantity of flour was ex . ported from South Australia in the week ending 14th February, 1880, and in the cor responding week of the previous year, viz., 1,970 tons, whereas those are the figures for 1879, the qnantityin 1880 being less, viz., 1,302. Of wheat, however, .481,887 bushels were exported during the week in question in 1880, against 186,770 in the corresponding week of 1879. The Weather.—"The long-continued heat and drought was at last temporarily broken on Tuesday, On the 28th and 29th Decem ber last there were a few light showers, and again on the 7th January there was a fall of 0 630 inches, but from then till tbe 24th there was not enough rain to wet a pocket handker chief. On that afternoon, however, the rain came down in earnest, and on Wednesday morning the rainfall registered at the Ka punda Telegraph Station was 1*014. | Marrabel Eaces.—Owing to the wet weather these races did not come, off on Wednesday as advertised, much to the disap pointment of a large number of visitors, and those "who had brought horses to run. Two scratch races were, however, got up and ran off on the course, Mr. J. Williams black cob winning the first, and Mr. Mayo's horse the second. The ground proved to be in capital order, and the Stewards were not at all com plimented for postponing the races on account' I of the " wet state of the ground." Anadver- I tieei"ent. in another column postpones the races till the 5th March. Waterworks Rebebvoib.—On Wednesday afternoon we paid a visit to the re servoir to see how it had it had been affected by the rainfall of the previous day.1 From en quiries made of the keeper we found that there had been only one hour and a quarter's rain, but daring that period close;on one inch and a half fell. Before the rain, t)ie water was two feet below the upper edge of / the strain ing cage of the lowest inlet pipe. 3 At its close it was fully four feet above the top of it, thus showing an increase in depth of water of six feet at the bank. We cannot, however, say that the water looked at all templing, bearing a very strong resemblance to so much liquid mud. This, however, is only what is to be expected for some time to come. As the area covered by the present water storage had pre viously been nnder water for a length of time there should not be much waste by soakage, though the shallowness of the water in many places will cause considerable evaporation. Although the water will not be suitable for drinking purposes for a long time, we are glad to know that in case of a fire a plentiful sup ply would now be available. The Truro Boas Bridge.—It requires explanation that this bridge having been so long completed should still be unavailable for public traffic. We suppose the explanation \- suggested would be that the approaches are not yet ready. But whose fault is it that they are not ? This certainly should have been arranged for before the completion of the bridge, so that directly the latter was finished it should have been available to the- public. The delay has been in part caused by the divergence from the approaches as surveyed by Mr. Archer, but which plan has after all had to be adopted. The unpleasantness on this subject led to Mr. McCarthy's resigna tion of his position as overseer of works un der the Board, and we notice tfakt at the last meeting of the Central Board a memo, was received from the Public Works Office as to Mr. McCarthy's claim for retiring allowance. As he has been an old and valued officer we trust he will receive the consideration at the hands of the Board to which he is entitled. We would also urge that expedition should : be used in getting the bridge opened. The Kajpttnda Hospital.—As briefly mentioned in our last a special meeting of the Board of Management of the Kapunda Hospital was held on Monday afternoon last, at which all the members except Dr. Elcum were present, Mr. Thiem taking his seat for the first time as a member of the Board. Some excellent applications were received for the vacant positions of matron and dispenser, &c.;, ten of these being from married couples, the choice of whom was eventually narrowed down to two—Mr. and Mrs. O'Connell, and Mr. and Mrs. A. G-. Arnold, both of whom had excellent testimonials. The separate applications were afterwards considered, the choice in these being brought down to Mr. G-. Arnold and Mrs. Blair. On mature conside ration, it wss deemed advisable on grounds of economy to give the preference to a married couple, and the choice fell by a large ma jority on Mr. and Mrs. O'Connell. Mr. O'Connell, we might mention, was Hospital Serjeant in the army for two years, and as far as can be judged should prove to be the right man in the right place. Indeed, several of the applicants were so suitable that it was a matter of some difficulty who to throw out, but as only two persons were required, of course the rest, however suitable, had 10 be rejected. The Chairman read the letter from the Chief Secretaiy' Office, announcing pay ment of subsidy (£904 12s. 2d.) to credit of Board, and also a letter from Chairman of Destitute Board, re burial of destitute patients dying in the Hospital, the consideration of both of which was deferred till next meeting. It was resolved to audit the accounts up to the end of the month; and an application for a loan of £400 at 7| per cent, for four years was conditionally approved. A special vote of thanks to the Chairman for the trouble he had taken in connection with the numerous applications for the vacant offices at the Hos pital brought the meeting to a close, Irish Relief Fusd Entertainment.— An entertainment was given by the members of the Kapunda Amateur Christy Minstrels in the Institute Hall, on Tuesday evening last, in aid of the Irish Belief Fund. There was a fair attendance, but the hall was by no means full, probably owing to the fact that the residents of Kapunda and district after having contributed upwards of £400 towards thiB object fairly thought they had done their duty, and 'probably also to the inclement state of the weather. Looking at the pro gramme as a whole itconld not be pronounced a success, but this cannot be wondered at when it is remembered that the Company is only of recent formation, and has not had sufficient rehearsals to ensure competency. The Com pany possesses some very good voices, par ticularly those of Messrs. C. Goodchild, Bowett, Harvey, and Laskey, though as regards Mr. Las - key's song, "Who will care for mother now," it was terribly fiat; Harvey's alto told out veiy effectively in the choruses. In the first part Mr. C. Goodehild's songs, "Break it gently," and "Close the shutters," were excellently rendered, aB was also the comic refrain, " Alabama Sam," by Mr. B. Bowett. *• Nelly was a lady," was executed with expression, but the song, "Kingdom Coming," came to an end rather abruptly. The jokes might have been better appreciated had they been a little more modern, and an improvement might' have been effected had " Bones " and " Tambo' dispensed with their instrumental accompani ments to the sentimental songs. The first part; was brought to a close by the somewhat ancient "Mulligan Guards." After an interval of ten minutes, Fart II. was com menced by a comic ditty with a banjo accom paniment by Mr. Goodchild, which so pleased the audience that a repetition was demanded, and in response he played a Scotch air on the ■ Ocarina. An amusing sketch, " That rascal, Dick," in which Messrs. Bowett and Cox and the inevitable ghost took part, followed, ant' . then an attempt'at a song and dance was made, which was so much appreciated by one portion of- the audience that a repetition was insisted on. After a quartette," Anne of the vale," had been nicely rendered by Messrs. Laskey, Thomson, Harvey, and Goodchild, Mr. Good child «ang in character with considerable taste and expression the pathetic song, " Gone are the days." The entertainment was brought to a close by a farce, entitled " Shandygaff,' in which the characters were sustained by Messrs. Bowett, Bennett, and Willett. We should have mentioned that Miss P. Willet played very creditably the pianoforte ac companiments throughout. Bible Christian Sunday-School Anni versary.—On Sunday last services in con nection with the above anniversary were held. In the morning and evening the Rev. P. Bullock preached, and in the afternoon the Bev. W. Senior. The congregations were good, especially in the evening. On Monday the tea meeting was held in the schoolroom, and was followed by a public meeting in the church. Mr. D. Nock, J.P., occupied the chair. After Binging and prayer, the Chair man expressed his sympathy with the work of Sunday-school teaching. He presumed that they, like other denominations, had felt a great want of success in their work, which he believed was because of their lack of in terest, earnestness, and spirituality.. For the teachers' encouragement lie would say if they saw no good result of their work they should-not think they did no good, as the fruit of their labours would show itself in after years; but to go on more determined and more prayerful in the work. Mr. J. H. Hitchens read the Secretary's report, which showed that at the commencement of the year they had 5 officers, 8 male teachers, and II female teachers; total, 24. Left during the year—3 male teachers, and 2 female teachers; total, 5. Present number—6 officers^ 10 male teachers, and 12 female ; total 28, showing an increase of 4 teachers. Number of scholars at commencement of year—Boys, 56; girls, 54 ; total, 110. Left during year—Boys, 14 j girls, 6; total, 20. ' Admitted—Boys, 3 ; girls, 6 ; total, 9. Present number on roll— Boys, 45; girls, 54; total 99, showing a decrease of 11 scholars. Average attendance. —Teachers—Male, 8; female, 7; total, 15. Scholars—Boys,. #30 -girls, 28 ; total, 58. The library contaiued ^75 books, which were distributed weekly.- Mr. Cowling read the rTreasurer's report, which showed as follows: j—In hand at commencement of year^ 14s. 7d.; total receipts, £26 We. 5d.; total expenses, £26 /13s. 2d.; leaving balance in hand of 14s. lOd. The Rev. T. Hillman (pastor of the church) hoped the teacher would work more earnestly in the future, as he believed there was a great work to be done in Kapunda. He strongly advocated more home training. The Rev. W. Senior (Primitive Methodist) in a good speech pointed out that secular education gave power to its recipient, but provided no real stamina of character. He had great faith in Sabbath-schools, and those taught in them would make the best men and women. He very strongly deprecated some people judging by the few lamentable failures of the characters of those who had been Sunday scholars, instead of looking at the wonderful successes of the majority of them. The Rev. F. Bullock strongly urged parents to sssist . .the teachers in their work, and to. let their children know the importance of religion. He wished the Sunday-school success. A comprehensive vote of thanks was passed to tbe ladies, preachers, and choir, and the meeting terminated wfth a. vote of thanks to the Chairman and the bpnediction. The children sang very. oreditably at each of the services, Miss Meincke presiding at the har monium. On Tuesday the children were taken to Mr. Menhennet's paddock for their annual treat, the enjoyment of which, how ever, was very considerably marred by the heavy showers of rain which "fell during the day. The picnicerfc" returned home about 4 o'clock, the majority of them with their apparel well soaked with rain. 