If Mr. Waieon has an honest desire to extricate the colony from the fix it has drifted into through the corruption and extravagance of Ministers, the present not excepted, he would; do well io ocoupy some of the leisure tuat prorogation and the looming prospeoi of the death of Parliament affords bits, to study well the last Appropriation Am, and endeavour to discover the way in \whioh the money goes, with a view to ascertain whether it ia not possible to reduce 1 expenditure, instead of putiing on fresh faxes, in order that the administrative public affairs of the colony could' be more economically conducted, though, may be, at the sacrifice of the emoluments of some useless individuals, and of the present bountiful leisure of others less useless. We admit that the opportunities presented for fresh lor increased imposts are a great temptation to feebL&.- miaded Treasurers, when inefcme falls 8hort of the exigencies of expenfee, and that it is not the merriest taik under any set of ciroumstanoes, ^r at any time to cut down ways or dispeff Be with services, respectably performed; 0f the wage-man; but when euch^oourse of aotion is diotatedby honor ,Wfa justice, and all that is in the way. of its performance is the exceedingly unpleasant feeling it gives rise to, the duty that prompts it should, with every honest man, bear down and overwhelm every presented obstacle. A person of simple mind unacquainted with the dark ways of governments, looking over the pages of the Appro* priation Aot, with their array of four and five figures, would probably come to the conclusion that Ministers had in hand a very large sum of mooey whioh they were compelled to lay out—between four and five millions sterling,, and that'they bad been much put about as to linw they should dispose of it. By such a person it oould never be imagined that it was. for the administrative government of some seven hundred thousand, men, women, an& children, the male adults being considerably less than a fourth of the whole; or moreover that every Ministry in succession has found itself unable to oope with the administrative difficulty with a less sum; that, indeed, the oost of government waB increasing out of all ratio with the increase of population; Very sad would the faot be when it was made known to this simple, minded person, bjit that feeling would be superseded 1 by indignation 'when it was learnt that though trade and industry were heairily handicapped by taxation, there was not yet sufficient money available for the ministerial soheme. of, expenditure, and that fresh imposts would 'l»e taeoesBary in order that it might be supported. The last phase of Ministerial'shuffling takes the form of rumour, industriously circulated, whioh geeks shift the burden of/responsU bility from the s'h'oulders of Individual ministers, and rests it on the undefined majority. Such was the o^se with tlie proposed stook, wool, and coal imposts; but strange to say there has been no attempt made to saddle a poliey of retrenchment on any member of any Government 1 Nothing so terrible to the^ower of Ministers has been bruited abroad; no traitor in the oamp of the Cabinet has been proclaimed! The government are as one in upholding extravagance • and the public'virtue of Sir Henry.Parkes in his shadowy; scheme for extensive municipalities for the purposes of eoonomy, i partakes -.6/ th'e 1 cbaraoter of a mere shuffle of the cards. The war cry against the present ruinous extravagancy and threatened augmentation of taxation; must in every electorate be persistant,'at the ooming day of elections. A cloud of dust has been already raised so ai to ob. eeore this momentous question/' Sir Henry has begun to ring the changes on the PublioJnptrnotion Aot, -{{essays it is in danger; ind 'that through that danger religious liberty ia threatened. • The «ery~* this oloud of dust—is designed to withdraw attention from the grossness of publio financial waste and' from the weight of taxps under whioh we lie, and which are tbr?gtened to be inoreaaed. The eleotors should be upon their guard sot to bs Jed away byanysuoh false assertion from the <ques> tion of retrenchment, or deluded by the old dodge of raising a ghost (not the Kiama one), whioh at the best is but a ghost after aU! 