Balmain Regatta, 1880. PATRON« HÍB Excolloiicy Xord Aiifrnstns Loftus, G.C.B. ^resiSnt, Sir G. Wigram Allon. Vice-presidents, Contain John Broomfield, Mr. A. Elkington. Mayor of Äaxn. Pulling TT-U»pir^ S BriKßS: startor«, A. Elkington and lt. iiiaiion. Sáilin- races-Umvire, Q. I». Doloitto; assistant. J. Ho ,' starter«, G! H. l'itzliardingo and II. Wool ioueh, jun. Hon. treasurer. Mr. J. H. st°vf^v.t°'"^ hon? secretaries, M. A. H. JFitzhardmgo,G.O.Elliott. Theheavv downpour o£ rain, which cont.mucü trom carIJ moraine untiUl o'clock on Tuesday, was a eonous disap ÍL++n Vito taree number of persons who aro in tue SawiÄendfnVS on tho beautiful waters hîïï*5: SHH moro disappointiiitr must lt haye ot Jfort ju.onuu.1. >JU..._, , been to thoso frontlomen who, for some timo jinst have heen working so energetically to make thc Balmain regatta a success. Tho question of n postponement was discussed, hut tho committee, in view of tho fact that other important aquatic ©ronts nro to como off on each Saturday for Homo weeks heneo, could not soo their way to postpone it, mid they aro to bo commended for their pluck m carrying it through. Tho racing throughout was excoedimrly pood, and the arrangements were perfection. Tho splendid steamship Zoalandia had hoon courteously placed nt thc disposal of tho committee as flagship, and Captain Cheva lier,his ohief ofllcors, Mr. Robert C. Ghost, Mr. M'Dougal tho purser, and in fact all lier officers and crew, vied with eaoh other in making their visitors at homo, their onlyrogret heing that the attendance was so small. The splendid band of tho Naval Brigade, under bandmaster Devlin, was stationed on _ tho upper deck, and gavo groat plenBuro by thoir choice selections of music. Tho signalling was effectively carried out by a boat's crew of bojs from tho Vernon. Tho race for the All Comers prize was a feature of (rreat interest, and when Ensb, Xaycock, Solomon, and H'Donalo. drew up, their appearance was I THE BALMAIN REGATTA, PRINCE OF WALES' BIRTHDAY, 18S0, : . ? " "; Vil eagerly seátmcd. Considerable dieapnointinont Wils OJ .pressed at "V7. Trickett not star thur, but it is generali understood that he was not very well, and di not wiBh in any way to imperil Ubi chance for hie big match with Hush on ßaturduj Bush looked tho pink ot nerf cation, and in fae lie has never been so fit as ho is at present, and won tb race with. cuso. "With tho exception of tho fouling of th Waitangi und Oithona when starting for tho First-clas Yacht Haoo, tho capsizing of tho Victor, and a few mino collisions, nothing occurred to mar tho sport, mid th water polico, in their launch, woro over ready to givo an assistance that was required. AT LUNCHEON, which was catorod for by Mr. Cripps, and laid out in th saloon of tho ilagshin, (sir Gooroo Wigram Allon took th chair, and Captain Broomfield the.vico-cliair. The toast of "Tho Queen," "Tho Prince of "Widos,1 and "Tho Qovornor," woro giveu by tho chairman, am responded to right loyally. Mr.Creagh, in proposing tho health of "Tho Bulmaii fiegntta Committee," oxprcssed his regret that, tb weather had boon so unpropitious us to prevent a larg attendance-, but pointed out that, BO far a tho racing was concerned, tho rogaita had bow .a groat Buceess, and in fao.t as good ns had over beon seei in Syd»oy Harbour, and tho result was a credit to thosi gentleman who had brought it to u succossful issue. Captain Broomfield responded, and ea id that tho com raitteo had studied to arrange a good day'p sport. In thii they had been successful, and whilo regretting that tin wenthnr had so seriously intorfered with tho attoudanci of tholadios, without whoso prosonco ho thought a re gutta would generally bo considered a taino affair, lu was yot glad to seo around him so many who lind beet with them on former occasions, and he hoped to meet then yet again whou tho weather would bo moro favourable, He then proposed tho tonst of " Captain Chevalier and thc officers of. tho Zoalaudin," and expressed his pleasure ni .tho griiat attention which bad boon shown by thom tc visitors, nnd said it was hardly necessary for him us a Sea man to point out to landsmen what poriect order tho Zea landia was in. Tho toast was heartily rccoivod, and Captain Chevalier, lurettrning thanks, hoped that tho clerk of the weather would bo moro propitious next year, ana that lie should then have the pleasuro of welcoming a larger number ol visitor«. Tho oommittco and ofllcors thon separated to continue Ihoir duties in tho regatta. Tho accompanying sketch shows our renders ono oí tho spirited sconos pi- osentod ut tho Balmain Kegaita on tho Prince of Wales Birthday. Al though tho weather wan such that but few ladies woro enabled to put in an appearance, yot, say what tHey liko, it was a day to rejoice tho hearts ol true sailors. Tho big puffs of wind which carno up from tho South gawa nu opportunity to tho .' live ballas!" to show their skill.».nd dexterity, und quito enough wau shown to prove that Now Kouth Wales is following in tim toot etjeps of tho mothor country, ami raising up a ímtioii ot ttruo Brítiíli sailors. Sonic of tho youngsters displayed imoro daring than prudence, btit thiw is a fault that ugo will won cure, and no ono who was p.Tsont on Tuesday but muetaoliHOwlodgo that tho utmost good fellowship uiul brotherhood was shown on all sidos. inn: itAciNc. The following is tho result of tho (liiToroiifc events ; Youths* Knee.-All youths limier 21 years of ago gulling » pair ot sculls, iu wager bouts. CourBo: Froiu Longnose Point, round Sohnappcr Island and baoU to flag ship. Prize, £10. This waB a badly contested raco; won easily by Clarice. Skiffs under canvas, not exceeding 16ft in length, 5ft boam, and 20in ücop ; fins or centreboards, Course: From Sugar Works Hay, round Rodd Island, round flagship, rouud Rodd Island, and back to flagship. 'First prize, £10; second prize, £5 ; third prize, £2; ;,, .. I Ouida- A. Carmichael... ... ... ... 1 I S ii Bau-S. Drcnnau ... .... ; '... ' !... ... 2 X.I/.C.Ü.-J. Somerville ...?> .?. ... 8 .Amita-J. Firth. . i"J . Susan got away with a geod lead, but the Ouida's crew wou tho race cleverly. Skiffs under canvas, not exceeding 19ft in length, 5ft beam, and 20in deep ; flnB or centreboards. Time: allow ance, Hmiu per foot. No boat to rank less that 17ft. Course:'Same as No. ii. First prize, £12j second prize, £5 ; third prize, £2. Lucia-A. J. South ... ... ... ... ; ... 1 Pandora-G. C. Elliott' ... ... ... ... 2 Alert, 18ft-G. Xi. Dcloitto ... ... ... ... 3 Eflie-R. N. Bull .0 Iiucia won all tho waj', tho Pandora and Alert hoing ex ceedingly well handled. Some heavy squalls mot this race, and tho Naiad capsized. Canvas dingies uuder canvas; 14ft and under j no boat to rank las than 12ft. Time allowance lmin per foot ; to bo sailed and manned by youths not exceeding IC years oí age. Conrso : From sugar works bay, round Sohnapper Island, round flagship, round Schnapper Island, and back to flag ship. First prize, ¿5 ; second pnzo, £2; third prize, £1. Carlotta, lift-H. Wintiu ... ... ... ... 1 Elvira, 14ft-F. Hunt . ... ... ... 2 King of the liing, l ift-J. and F. Dawson > ;..> ... 3 Emily, Lift-W. SfcurnoU : ?., Alabama, 13C--G. Holliday Vida, 12ft-E. Cameron ... Eumaralla-W. Clarice... Tum worth-S. Brackenreg Pontiff-C. Brackenreg 1 2 3 Littlo Liz, llft-O. Boyd Florrie, 13£t-A. "Wobstor Bluefish, 12ft-H. Woolnough Daisy, 13ft-J. Roderick . NativoBoy, 13ft-A. Robinson Donda, lift-J. Jackson, Tho Elvira and Carlotta woro so oloso togethor at tho winning post, that tho timo allowanco to the Carlotta made her tho winner. Donblo Scull Race.-All Amateurs pulling two pairs sculls lu light skills, with coxswain. Courso: From flag ship round Schnappor Island, round Spectacle Island, and back (by south side of Cockatoo) to flagship. First prize, ¿10 ; second prize, ,C2. Chester-C. Reynolds and E. Doon ... ... ... 1 Wasp-T. and H. Jenkins ... ... ... ." 2 Tho Chester mnu won by four or fivu longths with oom Tarativo ease. Thoro were threo other boats entered hy Jenkins Brothers, Ward and Hartman, nud Laycock and M'Douald, hut they did not show up. Moidon Four-oared Raco.-Mombers of rowing clubs who have nover won au advertised prize at a public regatta, pulling four oars in string-lost gigs (Axed scats), with coxswain. Courso : ¡Sanio as No. 5. Trophies, value ¡£12. Pinafore-H. Williams, A. P. Bros, C. A. Bros, C. H. Williams (stroke) ... ... ... ... ... 1 S.R.C.-W. F. Kloster, J. A. Brodie, S.U. Tooee, CW. Gaden (stroke) ... ... ... ... ... 2 A good start was efl'octed, and tho boats, wont away at a great paco, aud attor a dosporato struggle throughout tho Pinafore crew won by tbree lengths. Time, lOJmin. Tho S.R.C. lost a length or two in a bad turn round Schnapper Island. Tho boats had to go through some bad weather during tho race, and both crews pulled very pluckily, The Champion Scullers Race for bona-fide amateurs in wager boats between J. Arthur, D. Lord, and W. G. Brett, was postponed ubtil Saturday. Handicapped Yachts, exceeding 8 tons. Courso ¡ Flying start off Cockatoo Island, round R.S.Y.S. buoy off Manly, round flagship, round Shark Island, and baok to fl îgphip. First prizo, value£35, with 15 SOVB added; second prizo, £10. Two classas; first class, 15 tons and over; second class, 8 tons and nndor 15 tons. First prizo to first yacht in under handicap allowance, socond prizo to first ynoht of différent class to tho winning yaaht, Waitangi, 22 tons, J. Newton ... ... ,,. ... 1 Harpy, 10 tons, C. A. Benbow ... ... ... ... 2 Oithona, 15 tons, Dr. Mackellar ... ... ... 3 Guiuevero, 10 tons, J. IL Want Ploiudos, 9 tons, E. W. and T. F. Knox, Tho yachts cunio up under a heavy proes of canvas, wallcovering lor a living start, making a novol and vory protty sight. As tho Waitangi and Oiuhotia boro down together to tho flagship, thoy fouled, nnci tho Oithona's topmast was earned awav. Tho wreck was, however, Miiiartly cleared, both vessels rmi up tho protest flag, und Hiiiliül away. Tho yachts experienced somo very bad weather during tho raco. On tito rotura from Manly tho tinto at tho flaurihip was-Wnitangi, 2 hourn.!!) minutos ?'.ti seconds ; Harpy, 2 hours 51 minutes .'IO woonda; Oithonit, 2 holli's JJ3 ntitmtoH 10 HCOOIKIH; Meteor, " holli's 2 niiiiiitea ; Guinevere, ¡I hollis 8 minutos. On tho return from Shani Island tho vVnitangi carno in tho winning ynoht nt 4 boura lntin 2ijsoo ¡ lliwpy, winner of tho sneoud prizo, at 1 hours Minim lO.sce ; Oithomi, 4 hours lHuiiu WHOO ; Guinevere, 4 hours 25min 50sec < Mo'cor, 4 hours L'Siuin -lOsec. Tho lattor, hy her tinto allowanco, rankad second. Tho protesta will bo considered ataiipcoml nicoting. Handicapped Yachts exceeding 0 tons. Courso i Flylnj stnrt olí Cockatoo, round lightship and Sow and Pigs round flagship, round Sh a ric iBlnnd and back to flagship First prizo, -C20 ; second prizo, £5. . : : Australian, fl tons-13. French, "mm ... ... . ...,.] Mabel. 7 tons-W. J. Trickett, scratch .... ... . £ Ionn, C tons-A. G. Milson,3 min ÜoriBÖtous-liv. Milford, 3 rain. After a capital display of seamanship through soma vor; heavy weather, tho timo at tho flagship tho first time wat -lone at 2 hours 48 minutes; Mabol, at 2 hours-5! minutos 45 soconds ; La Belle at 2 hours 59 minutes ; DoriH af.3 honra 9 minutos; and tüo match ended as fol lows : Australian nt 4 hours 13 wiuutes 10 seconda'; Mabol at 4 boura 2G miuutcB 45 seconds; Iono at 4> hourB 2S minutos 55 seconds. Tho latter, by her time nllownnce, ranks second, and Mabel third. Champion Sculling Itaco, all comers, in wager boats. Courso : From flagship round Jlodd Island, nnd bncli toflagshin. First prizo, £30; second prizo, ¿35. Clarence-M. Kusii ... ... ... ... ... 1 Stranger-D. M'Dounld .... ... 2 Bessie-J. C. .Laycock ... ... ... ... 3 Nemesis-G. Solomon Very great intorest was taken in this raoe, and much disappointment was felt at Triokott's non-appearance, tho canso for which wo have previously stated. Thoraoowas won very easily by Bush, who was in excellent form. M'Donnld and Laycock both rowed a gamo rnco. Time, 34min 30sec. Solomon gnvo up. Open Boats Tinder Cauvas, not exceeding 24ft, and not less than 7ft beam and 3ft deep. Course ¡ From Sugar Works Bay round Vernon, round lightship, round Sow uud Pigs, round flagship, round Fort Donison, and back to flagship. First prizo, £20; second prizo, £5. Dreamland-Dr. Olivo Bclisnrio ... ... ... 1 Motoor-A. S. Huntley Victor-G. C. .Elliott Lottie-B. Youug. , All tho boots got well away at tho start, andrau together to tho flagship. Heavy woathor was experienced on tho voyage, tlio Victor was capsized in a squall, tho Lofct.ioh.au hor mast carr i cd away, and tho Droamlaud won ensily. I Open Boats, under canvas, not exceeding 22(t in length, and not less than 2ft Oin iu dopth. 'fimo allowance, lmin por foot ; no boat to rank fess than 20f c. Course : From Sugar Works Bav round Vernon, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, aud back to flagship. First prize, ¡01a j second prize, £5. Syren, 22ft-P. Do Mostré ... . ... 1 Rosetta, 22ft-H. D. Clarke . .... 2 Uranus, 22ft-J. Deming ... ... ... ' ... 3 Zuleika, 22ft-Charlea Kay. _ There was good seamanship displayed in this race by all tho crows, but tho Syron proved herself tho fastest, winning with caso. Doublo Sculling Raco.-Monibors of rowing clubs, who hnvo never won an advertised prizo, pulling two pair sculls in club skiffs. Course : Samo as No. 1. Prisso¿ valuo £8. Pinafore-A. P.Bros and C. A. Bros ... ... ... 1 Formosa-S. H. Tcece and C. W. Gaden ... ... 2 Katie-W. F. Kloster and F. Brower ... ... ... 3 Before starting a protest, was entered against the Bros's for using tho slidiug seat in opposition to the conditions of tho race A splendidly coutostod raco from start to finish, gavo the crew of tho Piuaforo a victory by eight longths. Skiffs under canvas; not exceeding 18 foot in length, 5 feotbenm, 20inchosdeop; fin or centreboards. Courso : Samo as No. 2. Trophy, prosentod by tho Mayor of Bal main. Alert, Q. L, Doloitto.1 Bacchante, R.Mann ... ... ... ... ... 2 Naiad, capsized Tho Alert, oxcoedingly well handled, won throughout. Maiden Doublo Soulling Race.-All amntours who havo novor won a race ut a publio regatta, pulling two pairs of sculls in light skills. Courso i From flagship rouud Schnapper Island, round flngship round tho Vornon, and back to flagship. First prize, £8; second prize, Ü2. Fly-W.Frost and T. Reynolds ... ... ... 1 Barb-P. Wnrd and J. Hnrkmnnn ... ,., ... 2 Kainbow-II. Hinsby nnd S.M'Farlano, disqualified Wasp-C. Hawklcss aud G. Barker, disqualified This was a woll rowed rnco, but unfortunately tho com petitors had failed to pinko themselves thoroughly acquainted with tho courso. Un tho run homo from Schnappor Island, it was Rainbow 1, Wasp 2, Barb 3, Fly 4\. Rainbow and Wasp wont round the flagship tho wrong way, and woro consequently disqualified, tho othor boats taking tho prizes. Gig nndDingy. Prlzo, £3. Dingy-North Shoro ... ... ... Moreland Gig-Balmain ,.. ... ... ... A. Elkington Af tor an exciting chnso for a quarter of an hour Moro land had it alibis own way, nnd won tho prlzo. This brought a rory excellent progrnmnio to a CIOBO, nnd tho committee and oillcers aro to bo congratulated ou tho exoollencnof their iirrangomonlH, nnd tho iwmiier in which they carried ont tho programme under tho disadvantages of very inclement weather. Wator has been struck at Temora at a depth ol 107ft. A tiro ooourrod in Mr. A. J. Cavanagh's millinory and dressmakers' shop, at Armidalo, on Saturday night. _ Tho Htoolc and fixtures woro dostroyed, but tho building wan not much damapod. Tho stook was insured for Au ouou verdiot WIVB given at tho inquest, 