-SUNDAY READING. « How Wonderful God's Love!" BY th" BbV. Gborob rtbrabd, m.A., woltbbhakptok. ; j- ., IT «u my last visit to an old friend and helper. Bis end waa fast approaching, tnd through extreme weakness lie had been " unable to speak for several hours. When I entered tHe room Isaw that ho "recognised me, and I fancied he-had something ha wished to lay. t'o I bent down to catch his words. They were uttered in a low whisper, and were only jnst audible, but they told where his thoughts had been during those long, silent hours. ' How wonderful God's love in giving jeTOi far us! How.'wonderful the. lovo of .'JesusWgiving Himself for us! * Ho Baid no njbn.^These'were the.last words I ever heard •"from his lips. By God's help they are still -treasured up .as a lesson for life. For in life .and death there is rest here, and nowhere else. l.Sijd'a'loTO in Christ is the (caret of everlasting .consolation. ?^Itiie^ljood man who uttered these words at rfu'cli:.a solemn hour was ono of the quiet ones lof the fiarth. He possessed the rare jewel of -/ameek and quiet spirit, which in God's sight " is of great, price. For about forty years he had been the same humble, consistent Chris tian, respeoted and loved by all who know him. Hit truly godly life, his gentle loving manner, hii patient' contentment' under great trials and losses, were blessed fruits of God's grace in hii heart. For about eight years he had bees a ready, faithful helper in the church wi«r«Tminlster. Such a ono is a great gain totany'Tiastor' and to any congregation. I believe he loved the very stones and pillars •f tha church. Never was there, one who more faithfully reflected the words of the psalmist: ' A day in thy courts is better than • thousand. I had rather he a door-keeper in the house of my God, than to dwell in the testa pf.wiokednesa' (Pa. Ixxxiv- 10). When about his work he seemed even to be oonscious of the Lord's presenoe, and often has the writer been refreshed and strengthened by some sweet word of promise recalled, or some remark made ai to the Lord'* faithfulness to His own. After tha mmon he would often-drop somo expres sion that showed how the truth's of God's' Wold were batter to him than thousands of gold and silver. . Ha .was a man of much.prayer. Occasionally ';>Ijhav#;hadl.opportuuitieB ;of listening tohis simple, hearty petitions offered with a few fel ptoW Christians, and very evident , was it that they were the outflow of a heart delighting in oommunton with God. Nor was he unmind ful to use his influence for God, and to win •oula for Christ. He would often speak a word of warning to the sinnor, or a word of comfort to soma troubled anxious heart. Ho would lay j his hand on the ehonlder of a rough unruly lad, and, like a father, try to draw him Into a. better ''.path;-' In'colltetinir the Tents due to him for a ,few(cottagcs eaoh Monday morning, he would * often leave'behind'a messngo from the Word, or a tract, or book, which he thought might do good to his poor tenants. The laat throe or four months-of hia life were spent in much pain and weakness. A lingering complaint kept him within doors, and before the end he could scarcely speak or move. But if there was pain, there was also peacs—true, deep, restful peace. ' 'Over his chimney-piece Wore two texti in illuminated characters. To these his cyo often, turned, and on both he delighted to- dwell. One of thesa waa the precious assurance of Heb. vii. 25: 'He is able also to save them to the Uttermost that come to God through him.' The other passage was from the same epistle (xiii.'8):Jeias Christ, the Bame yesterday and to-day .and; for .ever.'.;. Here ho.fijtcd all his hope. Jesus Christ the Almighty Saviour, abl« to lave to the uttermost, unohangoable in love, grace, and mercy, to all who trust in Him. This was tbo resting-place of his soul. I believe that he was truly taught by the Holy Spirit, and often referred to tho promieo, that^God would 'give tho Hily Spirit to then that- asfc him.* Once ho said to mo very solemnly: * I should now. have no hope at all if the Holy Ghost had not.revealed Jesus to me as tho very 8on of God. I have no doubt whatever that Ho is tho 8on of the living God/ At another time ho said: 11 havo deeper views of redeeming lovo than I havo over had beforo. t I find Jesus a euro rofngo, a firm foundation, and T wiwh to go and sing the praises of Ilia lovo for ovormore. I should like to havo seen my youngest son once again; but I would rather see Jesus than ft humlred •ods.' His thoughts often turned to tho church and tho congregation wilh whom hq had loved to worship, . Once he was oarried into a front room wbflre he could see tho ohtirch. Hia oyen filled with tears whon ho thought that he should never again be ablo to join thoso within. JL few days afterwards he anked mo if I would give a mos •age from him to the congregation after his death. When I promisod that I would do so, he said, 'Toll tho pooplo not to put off repentanco to a dying hour. Tull them from mo, as a dying man, that I can aaaroely bear tho pain. Still lean could I havs.begun to seek Christ sow. £ot ho is mine.^ He is all I want. I shall soon be with Him.' His hopo and confidence were firm to the end. It was still Christ, and his free lore and meroy, that was all his stay. My friend has gone to he with Christ. I shall never see him again in the church onoe so dear to bim. I shall never again on earth hear his voicejoining in the hearty 'Amen;1 His remains lie in our cemetery closo by the grave of three dear children of my own, waiting with them in Bure and certain hope of a joyful resurrection. This simple sketch of the life and death of a parish clerk may prove a message from God to some engaged in similar work. Thoro is nothing of deeper moment for the welfare of any congregation, than that all officially con nected with it should be gonuino and devoted servants of Christ. O the harm done to Christ's caueo by the inconsistencies, the lightness, the coldness, and indifference of those engaged in tho Lord's house 1 Clerks, vergers, members of the choir, ringers, and all in similar positions, have a grave responsibility. They may touch tho ark, like' TJrzah; with irrovorcnt hand, and bring down a corse upon themselves, yea, and upon others too, instead of a blessing. They may bring great dishonour on the Lord's name. Through their sin they may make men abhor the worship of God. Thereforo let any suoh take good heed to their -ways. Let them make sure of their own interest in Christ. Let them walk before God with all humility and circumspection. Let them put no stum bling block in the way of another. Rather let them seek, in the power of tho Spirit, to let their light bo shine before men that they may aeo their good works and glorify their Father which is in heaven. But another lesson. Let each roador remem ber the last words of ibis godly man: 4How wonderful God's love in giving Jesus for as! How wonderful the love of Jesus, in giving Himself for us!' How wonderful snob love to sinners, rebels, enemies! How wonderful the depths of that love seen in the agony, and shame, and desolation, and soul anguish of the Son of man! How wonderfal the inestimable benefits of that love, raising the guilty and condemned one to the honour and privilege of being a dear child in God's family; now and hereafter an inheritor of a glorious kingdom! Open the windows of your soul to receive this marvellous love. Through the teaching of the Spirit believe It with all your heart and rejoice in it. Confessing your utter selfishness, accept the love so freely given you in Christ. Then let your love flow forth to Him who first loved you. And let it take a practical form. Live a life of holy, devoted obedience. Fray without ceaBing, and labour continually to bring sin ners to Christ. 