PROFESSOR PEPPER'S LECTURES. Professor Pepper, ho during the course of his long career as a scientific lecturer in the metropolis of the world has delighted hundreds of thousands of people of all classes and ages, is about to favor Adelaide with a visit. No denizen of the old world can have failed to hear some thing of the fame of Professor Pepper, and no inhabitant of London could express his ignor- ance of what professor Pepper has done to make science popular at the famous Polytechnic. It is a matter for congratulation that the Professor has crossed the seas to visit Australia, and we are pleased to know that he has every where been well received in the adjoining colonies. The value of his scientific and entertaining lectures has been recognised here in the right quarter, as the Minister of Education has arranged for the visit of the teachers and ad vanced scholars from the public schools to some of the professor's lectures at the Academy of Music. We have no doubt the general public will also throng to these interesting and useful exhibitions. The professor's lectures are not merely dry statements of facts, but he brings with him upwards of twenty tons of apparatus and cleverly-contrived mechanical aids, to illustrate his subject with experiments and he is also assisted by his son and two or three other persons. His opening entertainment will be given on Monday next. It has been well said that "the art of conveying to others the great laws that govern the universe, and more especially such portions of them as apply to our own little atom of the vast whole, is a gift in which the professor excels and [ ] admixture of amusement with education resulted in his audience being taught with out knowing it. Under his gentle [spiriting] science was no longer synonymous wi:h [harsh] technicalities and dry-as-dust formula. It be- came a region as charmingly enchanted as the pleasantist locality of story-book lore. No wonder that for nearly thirty years the Poly technic lectures ranked amongst the first of London's numerous attractions. No wonder the inventors, anxious to spraed the fame of some new achievement in tbe field of their researches, sought out Professor Pepper, and by his kindly aid were able to place themselves en rapport with multi tudes instead of units. No wonder that from Royalty downward the name of Pro ressor Pepper became as a household word, and the man himself the recipient of many honor able distinctions. But not by lectures alone did he seek to improve tbe millions of the great city. He instituted and successfully carried on a series of classes, which have been the means of educating large numbers of Londoners; while in tbe course of his own private studies he dis covered and brought before the public marvel lous applications of scientific phenomena. His famous ghost effects alone placed thousands of pounds to the credit of the Polytechnic funds, and have made small fortunes for exhibitors all over tbe globe, even though the said exhibitors gave their audiences but tbe mere shadow of the wonders which the professor himself knows how to produce." 