Amusements. Last evening ' Tho Two lioBes' was repeated at the Theatre Xfoyol to a largo and appreciative audience, and tmet with its usual shore of success. Its withdrawal ia announced, and to-night it will bo supplemented by one of Byron's dramas, entitled 'Tho Lancashire Libb,' whioh will form the last of the series of productions by the London Comedy Company. This company up te the preient time havo seorod suooeues for nine months paBt; and un donbted proof of their popularity exists in this fact alona. The oast of characters is, as nsaal, very powerful, and Mr. Garner wiil no doubt reoeive further acknowledgment of tha powers of hiu com pany. Miss Louise Pomeroy'e benefit, at the Queen's, took plaoe last evening, wben that lady appeared is ' Heartsoaee,' a now adaptation of the French drama, ' Lb. Dame aux Cornelias,' in the role of Ottmillo. Tbo house wr.B orowded, and at the cloio of each act Misa Pomeroy was called before tha ourtain to receive the plaudits of the comDanv. beinir ea^h time .literauv overburthened with the number of bonquets which show ered down from overy part of the honsc. The reception accorded tha beiieficiare was all that could be desired, and much regret was .exproseed at tho fact of this lady's engagement having- terminated at tho close of her porlormanoc. It is stated that !-:i?s Pomeroy intends visiting Melbourne, Sauth Australia, and eventually London; and she tAiECB with hor tho hearty eood winhes of tho Sydney play goers. Mr. Vincent took tha character of Armand Daval, and in this, be in nmilar parts, Bhono to satisfaction. ' My Partner,' a sensational drama, is announced this avtuimr, when Mr. W. H. Leakc, who oome to us from America with exotllont recom mendationa, will make his firstappcaranoe. ' Gaod as Gold ' was reproduced at the Opera House last evening, when Mr. Edwin Erowne ap peared in tho charaoter of ' Tender Jim,' the good hearted miner. That gentleman's rendering was, ac on previous occasions, well received. A lady in tho dress circles, who had not had the plooeure of resi dence iu *' California in M9' was, conseqneBtly, un accustomed to the firing of tho pistol-shots, and marked her disapprobation by fainting away. ' Good as gold will ba repaatcd this evening;, and on Monday its withdrawal is aunounoed, when it will bo Buperscdnd by a BcnBatioaal drama, entitled (l Two Lives,' aDd which is new to Sydney nla-Tcoers. The Potorsham Mubical Society rapoaUd Mr. Fisher's cantata, ' Tho Emigrant,' last night, in the Sohool Hall, Railway-Btreet, Petersham, before au appreciative andienoe. The piano, plaj'ed by Mibb Fisher, who aoted as accompanist, was a more power ful instrument tkan the ona nsed at tbe first ropre sontation of tho work, and consequently thero was au improvemont in Ithe musio. Tha Roloists. ducttists, aud chorus, were the same persons, who ronrieroii the work previously, an* the only differ ence, between the first performance of it and the scooncl, was decidedly in favour of tho latter. Having heard fhe cintata under favourable circumstances, wo feet incline'l to add considerably to whatever praiEo we gave it, in onr first notice of it. Melodic passages of creet beauty abound in it, boiqa of which are written in as poliBhed a style as that of Haydn. rheauthcrou;ht to revise the first few bars of the aria ' Beaming Son the Sydney harbour,' for they call up in tho mind of ihe listener the ghost of another air, bnt this wo think is the only part of tli« musio that resembles anything else teat we know of. In short, the music is quite original, and, at tho same time, molodions, and bo suitable to the sentiments expressed by tho poetry, that it seems to prow out cf thorn. The har monica of tho work might have been written by Haydn, for they are distinguished by clas sic Bimplicity and completeness, nnd are free frpm all attempts at florid ornamentation. We ar« per fectly Bare that our estimate of the merits of this work will be endorsed by all compotoat critios, and that tho work, when published, will bo reRardod by musioal sociotios as a. very popular cantata. The persons ongaEsd in performing it^-Uiss Ship-way, Mrs. Morris, tho gentlemen Eoloists, and tho ohorus —vied with each othor to make the performance as effective as possible, and completely snecoedod in attaining thoir object. Eeeatdm.— In our notice of the Globe MuBioal Society's concert, in yesterday's issue, thero is a typographical error, which converts a well-known and charming cantutrioe into a Mr. The good ecnBe of tho reader always corrects unintentional errors of this kino. 