THE GHOSTLY DIGGER. By H. J. 0. I wisli to make a confession. I'm not a be liever in ghosts. I never saw one. Yet there's a circumstance happened in my life that I can't explain—try my best. I'm not a learned man, thongh 1 was taught the three It's, and have read a good deal, especially since I've been digging. If I had been taught the classics and the sciences perhaps I might explain it, though I do read tbat many learned men believe in ghosts and spiritism, and that sort of thing. I was always a dreamy sort of a chap, and even when a boy used to sit about in the bush, dreaming and dreaming, and fancying I could see all sorts of things. Sometimes all of a sadden I would seem to go off in a kind of sleep, and yet be awake all the time. Then I would feel as if I was rnshiog through the air; and then all at once I would appear to wake up in some most beautiful place. Trees, unlike I bad ever seen; flowers—eh! to beautiful; grassy banks like velvet; and birds of all | colours would be about me. And then I would bear such music. The nearest [ ever heard to it was once at the opera in Melbourne. And by and-by the voices would appear like a little blue cloud (for I could tell the voice was in the j cloud), and then the cloud would get larger and ' larger, and tben a little pink spot would appear in the middle, which would grow bigger and bigger, until at last the film would bnrat, and out would step a moat lovely woman, with beantifnl blue wings dusted with gold; and tben she would sing more sweetly than ever, and I would attempt to move towards her, aud she would gently move her band backwards and forwards, and sing in mournful notes—"Not yet—not yet;" and as she waved her hands I would fall into a slumber, aud awake where I bad been bitting before the dream came on. I can't explain this. I once asked a person who believed in spiritism what he thought of it, and he said I was a highly gifted individual, and had been transported to one of the spheres, and that I ehould cultivate my gift. He wanted me to go with him to Melbourne, and said I might make a fortune, for I should prove a good medium. But I didn't see it. Besides, I thought it was only imagination. I have studied phrenology a bit, aud I kuow I have got the bump of imagination large. And I don't like crowds either. I prefer my little home here on the diggings, with my quiet wife and my garden, and I don't want more. However, as I said, I am going to make a con fession about an unseen ghost, and as my wife is fsst asleep in bed, and as I don't know how long I shall live, I mean to write it down. It may, perhaps, be of uee in solving some problem, or in illustrating some theory—at any rate it is a fact, and when the people get back to the induc tive process of reasoning, as I suppose they will some day, facts will be valuable, la the bonks I read now, somehow facts don't seem to be so much cared about. It seems to me he is thought the cleverest man who can make a science out of nothing—building on the clouds really; while he who is careful in laying a good foundation of realities before he builds his theory, is looked upon as out of date, or common-place. How ever, this is a touch beyond me, and has nothing to do with my story. In the year 18611 was digging on Inglewood. It bad been a great rush—there must have been fully thirty thousand people there—and a tre mendous deal of gold had been got. It had been a wicked place, tco, as most big rushes are. There was vice of all sorts, and some murders more, I fancy, than were ever found out. Well, at that time I was living up at the back of Daly's Hill. Daly's Hill is the highest point of ground that separates Inglewood from the fall to Thompson's Gully. The hillBand gullies there abouts are all covered with thick scrub some eight or nine feet high. At the back of Daly's Bill is a little gully, which runs down a long distance, and then opens out on the Loddon Fists. This gully had been rushed, and a fair lot of gold had been taken out, but the rush was over, and the people had all left. Looking for a place to eet to work in, I happened one day to stroll into this gully. I liked the look of it, and I liked the quiet more., Having my pick and shovel and tin dish with me, I set to work, and as the sinking was only three feet, I bot tomed a hole that morning. I got a good wash, end, trying some in my disli, was satisfied with the prospect. I left my tools there, and went aGd fetched my tent. There was a stone chimney that had been left by some of the diggers, and against this I fixed my tent, being glad of it, as the days were getting cold, and as I like a fire to sit and read by at night. I seldom saw any one. There was one man, however, nsed to come over of an evening sometimes, and have a chat. He didn't know mnch, but he always had a lot of news, and he was called the " walking news paper." The name fitted, him so far as I was concerned, for he seemed to know every one and everything abont the place. He was a short cbunny man, pretty fat, with a ronnd face, merry black eyes, and a early black head. 1 think I see him now, as he used to sit on the opposite side of the fire on an empty gin case, with bis hands on his knees, and his eyes spark ling as he told me what he thought a titbit of scandal. One evening he came over to me, bat was more thoughtful than I had ever seen him. Try his best he could not tell a bit of news through, but wonld break off in the middle— sigh—and look into the fire for five minutes at a time. I did not take much notice of him at first; but presently I observed his manner, yet although IJwondered at it, I didn't say anything. Presently he said, " Do you know whose chimney this was?" I confessed I didn't. " Well," said he, " it belonged to a tall thin chap with grey hair and hollow cheeks. He alwayB kept to himself, and never spoke more than he conld help. He was the prospector of the 'Robbie Burns Reef,' on the other side of the bill. Ton must have heard how, after the last crashing, he was missed, and, thongh sought for, never found ? No ? Well, that's strange.. Why, the police, when he couldn't be found, came and took bis traps away from this very chimney. It's pretty w< 11 forgotten now, how ever, thongh some believe—and I believe too— he wis murdered. However, his claim was taken up by Dusty Bob, but'not another spec of gold conld be got, and Bob was so frightened by noises be heard that he wouldn't work there any more. Other chaps have tried, but they never would go to the north end, for it was there the noises were—like some one working— and every morning they could see where a fresh lot of reef had been knocked down. So every one believed that it was the ghost of the pro spector, and wouldn't go near at last. Well, the people neat away, and others came, and the story was forgotten again nntil some children, who used -to go over the bill after goats, would bring back tales of the curious knookings they heard, and frightened people very much, though they saw nothing, though red-headed Sal said she saw something white by her fence cue night. Well, this set me thinking. Thinks I, perhaps the old buffer knows where the lost lead of gold is to be fonnd, and wants ns to find it. Thinking so, as I came here this even ing, I thought there would be no harm in going down the workings, and having a look. But when I got down (it waB just getting dusk), I heard Buch a tip-tap-tapping of picks and ham mers, and such a hollow laugh and a groan, that I cut as qnickly as I could, and came here. If there was two hundred onnces to the ton I wouldn't go down again. And now I must go home, SDd you may as well walk a bit of the way with me." I saw he was afraid, and wanted me to go past the haunted reef, and as I didn't care a bit, I went with bim. As we got abreast of the hole, true enough there was the tap tapping, and the laugh and the groan. On hearing it the " walking newspaper" started at a rnn, and left me alone. I drew nearer and nearer, and could still hear the noise as plainly as possible. I should think I stayed for an hour, during the whole of which time the ghosts continued working. I then walked home, thinking the matter over. I knew people said that concealed money or gold was often re vealed in such ghostly fashion; but .1 did not believe in ghosts, and so could arrive at no satis factory conclusion.. I must just here say that I bad one other friend, an old man, who had been working along side me at the Back Creek rash. He had daughter twenty years old, a good-looking quiet gill. I used to sit in their tent of nights, reading the whole time to myself, and never a word said. She liked it. It used to suit her, and so we fell in love, and were engaged to get married, though her father said the marriage should not take place till I had five hundred pounds. Now I did not possess at the time more than that number of pence; but we were in no hurry, and Dora was quite willing to wait until I bad a slice of luck, and found either a nugget or a big patch. The day before I heard of the ghost, however, I had heard bad news. The old man had got tired of Ioglewood, and was intending to go to the Pyrenees to dig. I couldn't go, for I was getting short, and so Dora aod I were in a bad way. Well, I got home from the " Robbie BurnB," and sat by my fire with my chin upon my.hands thinking and thinking, but could not see how I could help having to part with Dora, and her sorrowful face kept coming up before me, and I Delieve I cried. All at ouca I was startled by a ' tap tap-tapping at my chimney outside, and then a laugh and a groan like I had heard down the cutting- I started up, frightened at first; bnt then, thinking it might he iny late visitor ou for a lark, I eat down 8gaiu—near the door this time—intending, if it was repeated, to pop out and catch him in the act. It came again, the same tapping, laugh, and groan. I was out in a moment. It was clear moon light—bnt nothing was to be seen, not a leaf stirred, not a stick cracked. I went round the tc-nt, and dodged back again, thinking to catch the intruder, if be w&a; lurking, but no one was there. Wondering, I re-entered my tent, and almost immediately the kuockiog, &c;, was renewed I sat awe-struck. I was not frightened, for I thought if any hurt was intend ad, it would have been done to me before. I remembered that it was at the ghost's chimney that the noise was being made, and thought that surely, if it pleased him, he hid a right to try the soundness of his own handi work. I mnst have sat thus for an hour—the noise returning at intervals—etch time more violently, until at last a tap more powerful than any sent-tbe stones flying into my tent The tapping thenceforth was continuous, until I saw the whole chimney demolished, apparently without hands. I now bethought me that per haps I was wanted at the " iiobbie Burns." At all events I thought I would go, and see if the ghosts were at work there too. I-took a candle with me to light when I got below. All wis qniet at first, but presently I beard a tapping at the north end, but no laugh cr groan. I went forward, and the tappiug continued. I got quite to the place, and where I beard the knjck I knocked in response. My Knock was an swered. This occurred again and again, until I thought I would try with my pick, and see if I could find' what the knocking was about, I turned my pick (for I had been knocking with (be hammer end, it being a driving pick), and with a few blows dislodged a large junk of slate. On looking with my candle, I started back with surprise—there iu a snug little picket lay a lot of gold and quartz, Now I guessed what the ghost meant. I returned to my tent for a bag (not heeding the wind, for it was { blowing a gale now), and coming back soon, hid the whole of the treasure in my possession. I returned to my tent now a contented man, and in the morning found that there was gold enough to raise the five hundred pounds re quired. As a result, I married Dors, and we shifted to this place, and I have been always thankful to the ghost, though still a doubter, and though still unable to explain the mystery. 