REVIEW. The Letters of Charles Dickens. Edited by his Sister in-law and his eldest Daughter. In 3 volumes. Chap- man and Hall. 1880. Most readers will enjoy this collection of familiar letters now given to the world, and very well edited. They show the great English novelist as he appeared to his friends, busy, eager, full of his own work, but with thoughts and sympathies to spare for them, abounding in happy strokes of humour and picturesque and grotesque descriptions, with a little disposition to pose for the amusement or the approbation of his correct spondents, but thoroughly sincere and kindly with all. They say that good talking as well as good letter writing has gone out of fashion, for people grudge giving away in conversation and in correspondence what is worth money in print ; but Dickens, like Thomas Hood and Sydney Smith, lavishes a great deal of his best things in both of these unremunerative directions. The letters only begin in 1883 or 1884. His earliest letters are without dates ; but after he was really an author, he was most scrupulous as to this important detail, as on all details which made his work more effective. There are no letters connected with his early struggles, and only two short letters before his marriage-one to Miss Kate Hogarth, telling of Chapman and Hall's offer of £14 monthly for a publication, to be illustrated by woodcuts, and which blossomed into Pickwick. On this addition to his income as a first-class reporter and contributor to the Morning Chronicle, he married, at the age of 24)-, and wrote the "Pickwick Papers" during and, after the honeymoon. He was interrupted in this flrflttgreat work (the "Sketches by Boz " warps Brighter hangs) by the death of his sister in- law, M^a^^Qgart-h, which impressed him so deeply that for two months', between the 12th and 18th No. there was a gap ; but never after this was the public disappointed until his sudden death in 1870 closed the curtain on the " Mystery of Edwin Drood." As a novelist, as an amateur actor, as the conductor of Household Words and All the Tear Round, and as a popular reader of his own works, he showed a great power of taking pains, and an attention to details, which people reading his books would scarcely expect from him. No doubt the minute power of vision which took in every article of furniture in a room, every trick of feature or gesture or speech, every detail of dress and ornament, showed that he could observe, but' literary observation does not usually coincide with practical organization, and the very prominence which he often gives to the trivial and unimportant might make one expect want of just proportion in his business arrangements ; but he was industrious, methodical, and enterprising, and would have succeeded in any walk in life which he might have entered on. We hear a great deal of the drama in these letters; there are many letters to his collaborateurs in amateur performances, as well as a constant, close, and affectionate correspondence with Macready. His letters to Miss Mary Boyle, an excellent amateur actress, as those to M. de Ocrjat, date from his visit to Lausanne in 1847. He was the receiver and payer of a small pension from the Queen to the old dramatic author, Poole, author of " Paul Pry." He writes to Macready, 1805, " I see Poole once in two or three months, and in the meantime, he makes notes of questions to ask me in the interval. These generally refer to unknown words he has encountered in the newspaper ; his last three, he reads them with tremendous difficulty through an enormous magnifying glass, were as follows: " 1. What is croquet Y 2\. What's an albert chain 3 Let me know the state of mind of the Queen ?' " He writes to the artists who illustrated his books with descriptive scenes, before the passages were fairly written out. He writes organizing his Christmas numbers as to subjects and authors. He shows great business capacity, as well as kindliness in his literary criticisms. He did not read much, and consequently was not indebted to previous authors for much that clever critics thought he must have borrowed. For instance, he had not read Wilhelm Meister when he was supposed to have copied or imitated Mignon, in his Little If oil ; nor had he read Miss Austin's "Emma" when Mrs. Nickleby was thought to echo the eloquence and in consequence of Miss Bates. Nor did he ever move in what is called good society, though people of all ranks admired him. His greatest failures have been in his attempts to describe gentlemen and gentlewomen. And no doubt he often regretted the poverty and hard struggles of his early life. But, for his particular walk in Action, he would learn more from a twopenny ride in an omnibus, along with two garrulous old women, or quarrelsome coathangers or dirty children, than from the set drawing-room society, where every one has on best clothes and best behaviour. Keen observer as he was such sights as the Great Exhibition of 1851 simply fatigued him he was not interested in heaps of pretty things, set out in an orderly manner, wither vii people eager to explain all about them. " It is a dreadful thing to be obliged to be false, he writes, "but when any one says ' Have you seen -?' I say ' Yes,' because, if I say I don't, I know he'll explain it, and I can't bear that. I feel like the little boy who was lost out of the school of a hundred and found by the police at Hammersmith, which he supposed to be part of the show, and when claimed by his mother at the Hammersmith Workhouse, asked when it would be over, for it was a great Exhibition, but rather long !" A costermonger's shop, presided over by an ignorant woman, was a better field for Dickens. There is not, any mention made of the difference between Charles Dickens, and his wife, or anything relating to their final separation in 1858. The letters up to near that date addressed to her are affectionate enough. Most of the letters towards the end are addressed to Miss Hogarth and his eldest daughter, Mary or Marney Dickens, and describe his life and work on his reading tours in England and America. They are a Litt e too many, and too similar in subject, and are not so interesting as the earlier letters. We hear much about his children in these volumes, their nicknames, and their dispositions, but the best joke ever made in the world by the youngest boy, generally known by the pet name of "Flora," is not chronicled. We hear also much about several favourite dogs, and there is a capital story of Dickens and his two boys going out to shoot a ghost which had been alarming the neighbourhood of the Gadshill house. He knew well what the public liked, both in his own tales and in the weekly serial he conducted, and some of his letters to would-be authors are very suggestive. He liked to keep Household Words imagina- tive, and fully appreciated the contributions of Mrs. Gaskell, of Wilkie Collins, and of Adelaide Proctor. In his criticism of the " Woman in White," he does not praise Count Fosco, who is supposed to be the character of the book, but other and minor characters, but he points out a detail with regard to Sir Percival Glyde showing emotions by movement of foot or hand but not of face as unlikely, and says truly that Wilkie Collins shows too much the pains he takes; that when there are three narrators of the tale they are each dis active, which is the characteristic of the author, but not likely to be the characteristic of SO many and such different characters. There is something exhilarating in reading these records of an eventful and successful literary life. Though we feel all through the latter portion that all the efforts he made with his readings in England and America shortened his life, and increased the strain on his overworked heart, we see that he enjoyed his triumphs to the full, that his naturally high opinion of his writings was kept up and increased by the power with which they fell from his own lips, that the warm sympathy of-these various crowds of audiences was delicious to him, and that into those stirring years he crowded the quintessence of his that might have diffused itself over a longer and duller life. At least, he did not wither at the top, to use Swift's pathetic phrase. He was conscious of no falling off either in the quality of his work or its appreciation by the public. The natural enlargement of the field of readers he could easily suppose to be a tribute to his greater powers. Speaking of a friend, vol. 1, 254, he writes-" That kind of decay is BO inexpressibly affecting and piteous to me that I have no words to express my compassion and sorrow When I was at Abbotsford, I saw in a vile glass case the last clothes Scott wore. Among them an old white hat, which seemed so tumbled and bent and broken by the uneasy purposeless wandering hither and thither of his heavy head. It so embodied Lockhart's pathetic description of him when he tried to write, and laid down his pen and cried, that it associated itself in my mind with broken powers and mental weakness from that hour. Our then greatest modern novelists, ' Thackeray, Dickens, and Lytton, all died with apparently good work in hand and to all human expectation, good for much more, and we believe, for themselves, this was far the happiest way. The exuberant animal spirits of Dickens, his sense that his letters were welcome, and that all he noted down was of interest, and the interest he took in little things that concerned his friends, are shown all through these two volumes. The letters to M. de Cerjat are full of affectionate recollections of his visit to Lausanne. Dickens always preached the necessity of taking pains to his contributors and to young authors, and we see traces of painstaking in all he writes about his own books. But this last named book is wrongly conceived from the first, and no amount of painstaking could make it either natural or healthful. That a young girl, about to be married to the man of her choice, devotedly in love with her should on discovery that her elder sister, to whom, she owes so much, loved her betrothed, leave her home, subject her father, sister, and lover to the most cruel anxiety and apprehension, and his own good name to grievous misconstruction, in the expectation that the lover would transfer his affections to Marion, is self-sacrifice run so said that one wants language to express one's feelings about it. "With all his wonderful shrewdness in practical matters, Dickens was carried away by the temptation of strong situations and often by tinsel morality. And we do not think he ever saw any of his mistakes. He believed in the naturalness and truthfulness of what he had taken so much pains with, and his matchless popular style carried his readers along with him so powerfully that an occasional adverse criticism never affected him. With his own children and all children he was a playfellow and congenial companion. He would take the trouble to write to a child who was disappointed in not hearing him read " Boots at the Holly Tree Inn," by a promise to do it at a future opportunity. He felt for the little boy what was threatened with a French governess, and whose mamma held forth to him on the delights of learning foreign tongues, who, turning for one long look out of window, expressed his opinion that " the Tower of Babel was a great mistake altogether." He, however, speaks of having several unowned grand- children ; his son Charles's children were never allowed to mention the word grandfather of grandpapa, but he says, instructed from their tenderest months only to know me as Wenerables,' which they sincerely believe to be my name, and a kind of title which I have received from a grateful country." He Was keen in making money, and eager to have the full money's worth for all he wrote or spoke, but he was liberal to all sorts of charities, and gave both money, personal exertion, and warm sympathy to the less fortunate brethren of the guild of literature and art. Indeed, it was in gratuitous exertions for each objects that he learned his own strength as an actor and stage manager, and the manner in which he could delight and interest vast crowds by his own writings, delivered with the perfect enunciation and the quick variations of voice and expression, which made it appear like the performance of a complete corps dramatique. How he continued to enjoy, and never to weary of the selections his judgment fixed on, was partly due to the constantly changed audiences. He himself said it was a strain to change his scene, his halls, and his lectures, so frequently, but it must have kept him from feeling weary of his work. He not only believed in himself, he believed in human nature. "Trustfulness is the soul of all social institutions, and to trust a man, or one of a body of men, is to place him under a wholesome restraint of social opinion, and is a very much better thing than to make a baby of him. With regard to unsuccessful men of genius, he writes, " that Savage, for instance, could never have obtained an honest living in any station of existence, or at any period of time, and such an association as our Guild should not appear to resent upon society the faults of individuals who were flagrantly impracticable," In politics he was an advanced Liberal. He dis- approved of too much sympathy with the exiled King and Queen of the French, and would in like manner have pooh-poohed the extravagant grief now expressed for the Prince Imperial. He wrote to Charles Knight that he considered the repeal of the paper and newspaper stamp duty should be postponed to the repeal of the window tax, for daylight was of more value and of value to more people than the light of knowledge itself. He spoke of Forster's book on the " Arrest of the Five Members " as valuable to all classes, and especially to those who, like himself, were so sick of the shortcom- ings of representative government as to be tempted to feel little interest in constitutional questions which were of vital importance. On the reform question in 1867, he writes to M. de Cer at that he has such a very small opinion of what the great genteel have done for us that he is very philosophical indeed concerning what the great vulgar may do-having a decided opinion that they cannot do worse ! On religious matters his faith was a Christian faith ; he objected to being governed by Old Testament tradi- tions, and not by the teaching of Jesus Christ himself. For his children he compiled a life of Christ, which he himself- taught them when young, and his religious faith was strong and hopeful, which makes his letters to the bereaved especially to those bereaved of their young children-so sympathetic and yet so cheerful. We half wonder now at the enthusiasm of such men as Jeffrey about the death-bed scenes of Nell and of Paul Dombey, at the tears which he extorted from crowds of grown men and women both in England and in America over those passionless tragedies of early death and apotheosis. Other authors fail when they attempt such simple stories of pathos ; they heed more stormy scenes and more striking contrasts; but Dickens, in the intensity of his belief of the value of a young child in this world, and his conviction of its still greater value in another world, invested the scene with a sacredness and a pathos and a grandeur which if it fades or dwindles, does so as much because the world is losing faith as because it is gaining critical acumen as to the legitimate realm of the pathetic. SPEE. ELECTRICITY AT FAULT. Gas shares go up and gas shares go down (says the Home News, January 30), and, to continue the metaphor, electricity ought to go on for ever. But there is a break in the continuity of the new invention, and Edison at last is said to be at fault. According to the latest news his vacuum lamp will not work. The apertures through which the electric wires are inserted cannot be completely closed, and the result is that a certain amount of air gets into the globe. The most feasible solution of this difficulty is to fill the lamp with some non-inflammable gas, but although this has been recommended no steps have been taken to give it a trial as yet. Edison is therefore, for the moment nonplussed. When sorrows come!" Shakespeare says, " they come not single spies but in battalions." While thus countered by a seemingly serious obstacle another recent experience declares very strongly against the employment of electricity in our homes. The dangerous character of electrical machinery has been proved by the disaster which has overtaken a man who incautiously played with it. One of the musicians at a theatre in the North was foolish enough to take hold of the two brass connections, l and received the full shock of the current generated by the ' powerful battery which lighted the stage with the electric light. The unfortunate individual was unable to disengage himself, and was almost instantaneously rendered insensible. The doctors arrived and did their best, but in spite of Beste natives the sufferer died within the hour. An accident of this kind will no doubt be turned to the discredit of the electric light, which will be condemned as too dangerous for household use. Yet it must be remembered that awful things were prophesied of gas when first adopted, and that, but for strong-minded people who saw the uses of the new invention, we should have stuck to oil for fear of a general explosion. Probably the prospective horrors attending electric lighting will prove equally illusory. The adulteration of olive oil, and the various substitutes for it, have increased to such an extent in late years that the French Academy of Sciences in its last sitting had under its consideration the best practical means of detecting the nefarious traffic. The celebrated chemist, Dumas, indicated some of the methods that can be employed. A very simple one is to watch the variety of shapes taken by different oils on the surface of water poured into a saucer. If the oil is genuine olive oil the drop will take an irregular shape, like an islet well indented and marked with bays and promontories. If it is the product of the black garden poppy, the form will be at first round, but quickly festooning into elegant half-circle round the edge. The same result will ensue with rape oil, but the formations round the edge will be more pronounced. Aruchid oil gives a circular drop, accompanied by a great quantity of fine little globules, as does oil of sesame, in which the globules are, however, still more minute. Colza oil makes a precise and well-defined circle. If there are one or more spurious oils mixed up with the true olive juice, the forms of the drops will resemble more or less the types above indicated, according to the greater or lesser proportion of the various adulterating substances. There is a new adulterate extracted from cotton cakes, which is now being largely employed by dishonest " manufacturers." This oil can be rendered colourless, and as it possesses neither taste nor smell, affords great facility in falsifying olive oil. But - it is of very little use for the Academy of Sciences or any other learned institution to expose these tricks of trade unless the laws are enforced against the adulteration. 