A Woman's Heart. Bt XX. It was evening, and night had fallen upon the sea, softly, darkly, and with an inexpressible silence that seemed oppressive in its import, and caused the still heavy air to fill with shadows and sounds, that seemed to have awakened merely because all else in nature was hushed in deep repose. The surface of the sea was without a ripple, and the tiny waves that broke upon the beach fell with a sound mourn ful to the ear, that seemed to sigh for lost souls that lay . concealed Deneaiu we uiuc uepuie uj. tue uutaw. iiw D&jr; was covered with a dull bank of clouds, which had shut out the light of the sun all day, and when night came, covered the world with an inky blackness— a silence that seemed to live. It was one of those nights when the air is so thin that sounds can be heard a great distance away, and human tones mingling with the voices of the night, came at intervals across the waters. lt was quite a holiday-time at Manly, and a large number of excursionists had been tempted to 6hut out the heat of the city for a little while, and recruit their failing strength in the clear air of the ocean. All along the esplanade happy couples walked, the men lounged, and smoked, children gambolled, and sweethearts whispered their sweet, and all-important nothings, to each other. The sounds of music floated on the air, mingled with singing, and gay voices. I was just then three weeks a bride, and ought to have been supremely happy. Yet there was something — I scarcely could define what — that kept rising up uneasily within me, and instead of the calm of contentment which settles over the life of a bride after her first week of wedded happiness, I felt a strange restless feeling, that, as I stood on the beach that evening, made me wish myself miles away beyond the dim distance, but faintly defined in the gathering shadows of the night. The sea was very beautifulj and I lingered to admire it. As I walked slowly along, with my head turned aside, the figure of a man approached me in an opposite direction. Before I had time to turn aside or oven to glance at his form, we were together, face to face. We halted suddenly, he in silence, and I with a sharp cry of surprise. ' You hero! ' I said, .' When did you come ?' — and my voice seemed to fail me. ' Yes,' he answered, slowly, ' I am here. I came to see you, to ask if all I have heard, is true.' 'What have you heard?' I asked, straggling hard tolkeep my heart from thumping so terribly. ' what have I not heard r 1 have heard that you have gone from me, have broken every promise made to me, have flung away every trust, severed every vow ? ' *' Mr. Gwynne, I don't understand you.' « Bah ! ' he said, impatiently striding along the sands ; 'amla fool ? Think you that I can tear off in one hour the feelings of half a life rime ?— think you I am a woman, like yourself— who can, at the beck and call of the finger of for tune mould their pliant natures into any shape— be anvtLine-. for better for worse ? ?' * 6' ' What do you mean ? ' I again interrupted. I knew what he meant well enough, but woman-like, 1 felt the necessity for duplicity, and knew that my only safety lay in diplomacy. I lenged, yet dreaded, to end the painful inter view, longed with a feverish longing to bid him go for ever, yet dreaded to pronounce the fatal words. For I had known Bertie Gwynne in the years gone by, and when he had told me that he loved me, I felt that he had filled my heart with passion, and when he went away for sixteen long weary months I felt, at first, that the very earth had changed into a desert, and I was alone upon its vast surface. But when, little by little, when I became accustomed, to his absence/l began to feel the solitude of my life less, and to find that the companionship of the world was something after all, and, little by little, I grew (as I thought) to forget ; and when I had quite forgotten, and John Dallas, with his rich property and his splendid house and Mb carriage and servants, asked me to be his wife, I felt somehow that I could not refuse, the glittering bait was too tempting, and I yielded. I did not love Mr. Dallas, at first. I was a little afraid of his motives, but when I got used to bis society he became more and more to me, until he seemed to be quite a necessity and, somehow, he drew himself around my heart, until I forgot every one else. A woman can love any one if she only gives her mind to it, and I had given my mind to it, and ? well, if I were not passionately fond of my husband. I felt that he was perfectly proper and necessary, and I did right in marrying him. And, now, almost at the very wedding feast, the ghost of Alonzo the Brave had come back to upbraid his false Imogene with her frailty. That was ?what Bertie Gwynne ment when he stood on that beach at Manly, in the twilight, and looked at me with mad bitter reproach, and I knew it, but I felt that I could nit say eo when I demanded, ' What do you mean ? ? ' 'What do I mean?' he said again. 'You ask me that ! ' I could not aBjptver him, and he said not a word. ' Have you hot married that man ? that man, above all others ? Have ycu not cruelly spurned my heart from you — trampled me beneath your feet — lured me on and on by your false alluring smile — until you thought me safe within your grasp, and then hurling my poverty in my face, you cast me from you as though I was a thing to be moulded to the will of the world, to be kicked away like a dog ?' I struggled for a reply, but although my hot and parched lips moved no sound came from them. His words were cutting me to the very soul, and the tears started from my eyes. He was silent for some moments, and stood gazing out at the sea. All was so quiet and so still, the very waves seemed to break in silence on the pebbles of the beach. My heart beat audibly against my side as though it were striving to burst its prison, and fall a quivering, shuddering mass on ? the sands at mv feet. ' You would say you .'ove. You told me you would love me always, that your heart was mine and mine only. And vet you cast me from you like a straw. Oh, Barbara, Bar bara— you have broken mv heart ! ' «' Oh, Bertie, don't ! ' 'I could only gasp the words out, brokenly, and then be silent again. 'Have j'ou spared me?' he resumed. 'Have I no \- heart or son), was it because I was poor that you scorned me 'i Verily I was unfortunate ; I went away from you — you, my bright son, the light of my life — I left you to work for gold, for your sake, and this is my return, this is what I find returning from exile ! Scorned by a woman I loved, because of my poverty ! God ! that each things should be ! passed aside in contempt because of my rags ! ' 'No.' He laughed recklessly. ' It is easy to say ' No,' in that melodramatic fashion, but when the dry bitter fact stares one in the face ? '' ' It is not true.' ' No i why did vim marry him if it is not true ? You cannot pretend to love that man, to stand there under the face of God's heaven and say that you have forgotten the time when we loved each other— that you can say you love vour husband for his sake alone ! ' ' Oh ! for Heaven's sake— if you love me cease,' and I broke down in tears. I heard a step approaching in the darkness. 1 turned to him with, a feeble gesture, ' Oh, go, go, for pity's sake leave me, and do not stand there and torture me!' ' I go,' lie said, and strode away. Then he turned to mo again, and in a broken voice ; *? Will I — may I see you again ? Only once more, for the hist time— the' last ! ' 'Oh, yes, yes ? to-morrow.1' I hardly knew what I said at that moment, as I turned from hfm, but I have a dim and faint recollection of his kissing my handj and of the sounds of a third party approaching, when I hurried away, and scarcely conscious, hastened to my room in the hotel. Once there, I cost myself on the chair, and sat thinking of what had happened. I had never dreamed of this. I bad never thought of the old love coming back so soon, to fall like a dark shadow over my path, when all seemed to be bo fair, and yet I had a dim forebsding of something of the kind, a feeling that I did not do right in marrying John Dallas, when my heart was already given to another. But the step once made there was no going back, and 1 resolved to meet my fate with a brave face. It would not do to encourage his dangerous presence at the hearth of my hus band, — it would be both unwise and sinful. I had kept a photo, of Bertie in my desk, as a memory of the days we had passed together, which I thought I could do with out wronging any one, but I now resolved to destroy this last link that bound me to the past. I made a strong resolve within myself that I would never see him more, nor keep anything that I had belonging to him. 'With thia design I drew it from the desk, and approached the lamp to destroy it. One last lingering look upon the dark and cynical features eo clearly defined upon the card, and I thrust forward my hand to burn it. And yet,— I hesitated. I drew it back before the flame had touched it, looked again, and then my emotion overcame me, and I fell upon the bed and sobbed as though my heart would break. My husband came in as I lay there, and took the card from my hand. I was scarcely conscious of his presence until his voice aroused me, and I looked up, through my tears, and saw him standing before me with a face of marble, the photograph crushed in his grasp, and a look in his eyos I shall never forget. ' Barbara,' he said, and his voice sounded strange and hollow, like some one speaking afar off, ' Barbara, what is this I find?' re, , I bent my face in my hands and could not answer. ' I was on the beach just now, where I went to look for you. I found you there, talking to a man. Chance brought me dose to where you stood, and I overheard part of your conversation. I come to you for an explanation ; I have it— here ! ' and he held out the accusing card. ' Would to heaven I had burnt it ! ' ' 'What am I to understand by your conduct ? Who is this man 'r A lover, doubtless ; but who is he, and why is he here V' I was silent. I felt like a guilty thing, and could not answer him. 'Answer me, woman ! ' he said fiercely. ' Tell me, for 3 will know. Who is is this man P Who is this maa you vent forth to meet on the beach to-night 'i — stole out, like a lhiof, to keep an appointment ! ' I sank upon the iloor in emotion too great for words, and he stood motionless before me ; and from the lower part of the house a burst of music and gay, happy voices jarred Upon the night nir, and seemed to mock me in my misery. ' Weil, be it so,' he said at last, ' I will speak again : when wo are calmer; but, understand me, although 1 will ] not live with you more — for I feel that I cannot take you to my heart again— the world must not know our shame. I will not have the tongue of scandal loosened upon me.' And he walked from the room, and the house, aud. went out t into the night. We did not remain long at Manly. ' Pressing business' j took my husband to town, and I was to come after, the fol lowing day. 1 busied myself as well as I could, packing up . the luggage, and, when that was done, sat down in tho front parlour to rest for a little while before I left for the city. I could not help thinking of the past three, weeks, ' and although 1 did not accuse Bertie o! being the direct cause of breaking my happiness, still I could not but feel ?, that he was to blame.* But then, what woman is there ever ^ blamed a man because he loved her ? lie called on mo ' twice before I left, but I would not see hiui, and left with* ' out coming in contact with him again. ^ Once in town my husband called me aside and spoke to nie very quietly and gravely. He was not stern or arbitrary t in his manner, but there was a tinge of regret, of sorrow, in hiB voice thut cut me to the heart and made me feel very } miserable. ; ' I wish it to be distinctly impressed upon you that the world must not know of this affair. 'Whatever happens, it ? must bo kept a secret. We will appear together in public, but further than that I must ask you to forgive me if 1 , decline to thrust my society upon you.' ' but, John,' I said, ' sursly you will not be so cruel ; let me at least defend myself . I do not wish yon to cast me off. I will be most dutiful to you in everything ? ' *' I do not wish it. A woman whose heart and soul is not her husband's, whose passions and thoughts are not blended with his, is no wife at all, and cannot be any wife of mine.' That night we dined together in cold formality. My husband was polite, and even courteous, but after the meal was over he sat reading tho evening papers for some time, when he arose and left the room. 1 heard him take his hat from the hall rack, light his cigar in the passage, and pass out. I heard the door close behind him, and felt an inex pressible feeling of loneliness steal over me. I saw John no more until breakfast the next morning, after which ho left for his office, and did not return until the evening. This line of conduct was kept up, with few exceptions, when we went to the theatre, or had visitors, for more than tix months. I was at first impelled by curiosity to learn how he spent his evenings, and then I grew to be interested ; and at last the desire became so strong within me that it haunted me night and day, sleeping and waking, and would not be put aside, 'try how hard I might. I thought at first of employing- a private detective to make inquiries, but then I had a horror of these people, and it eeemed to be so greatly beneath him to set a spy to watch his actions, thnt I gave up that idea before it was half formed. But I must know. I felt that I should go mad in my solitary ' ' U home if I did not find out ; and at last one night I formed * i a desperate retolve. I retired to my room, and, slipping on a heavy cloak with a hood and a thick veil, which I pro Tided for the purpose, I waited until I heard him go out, and then, with my heart beating hard, and a great fear almost forcing me to give way, I found myself thnidlv 'standing on the steps of the doorway in the street. Then I walked on to the footpath, and looked up and down. There were two men in conversation tinder a lamp-post, a woman crossing the road, but I could not see my hus band anywhere. He must have turned down some cross street, and acting under this thought, for I was deter mined to carry out my project, now I had got this far, I hurried round the corner and looked up and down. There was some one a little distance off that looked to me to be familiar, and I hurried on after him. When 1 got closer I saw that I was mistaken. I walked on again for some time without success, and then finally gave up my search. Just as I turned homewards, I almost walked against a man who turned to apologise with an oath upon his lips. I looked up at his face somewhat afraid, and saw it was Bertie Gwynne. Fearful of being recognised I crossed the street, when to my horror, I found that he followed me. I turned down another street, and he came after me again. Almost speechless now with affright, I ran away from him, until panting, wearied, and exhausted, I sank on a step to take rest Thank heavens, he was gone! I felt that I could hate him now, with his cold cynical smile and dis dainful manner, but when somehow I thought of the old days gone by, my heart softened to him and I forgave him. The sound of a footstep passing down the street aroused me and I got on my feet again. I was walking slowly towards the approaching person, when to my dismay 1 found it was my husband. Almost speechless I cowered under the shadow of a doorway to let him pass. His head was bent forward and his hands were thrust deep in his coat pockets. He passed me without noticing me as I stood 7?CTet „ 1 saw lxim enter a house further down the street. CorefuUv taking the number I made my way home, and succeeded in entering without being observed. The next ? yi. ^lled at a Private enquiry office, and asked who lived in the house I had seen John enter. I was told it was a sort of dub frequented by betting-men and other looso characters, who spent their nights in play until the morning broke. My husband was a gambler ! The news came on me like a shock. Somehow I felt that I was the cause of it all, that lit was I who had driven him to this life— a life that I felt was foreign to his nature. I partly resolved to speak to him on the subject, but then, how was I to account for my knowledge 'i What right had I to interfere with him \ Some few nights after this, long before I had made up D;y mind what course to pursue, I was seated in the Victoria Theatre in one of the side boxes. There was but a thin partition and|a curtain between myself and the passage at the back, so that I could hear anything that was said in that part of the house as plainly as* if it were spoken in uiv presence. I heard the sound of a footstep, which at first I took to be John's, it Eeemed to be familiar to me, but the next moment, when I heard the voice, a strange thrill 6hot inrougn my Jrame. It was Bertie Gwynne. ' Well '( ' he said, speaking to a second person; ' What do you want now 'r ' ' Vot does I vant V ' the other said, with a coarse laugh, speaking with a foreign Hebrew accent, ' That there little bill I vants, thatsh all.' ' Curse you ! You are like all your infernal race ! Can you not wait until to-morrow ?' ' No, ma tear, I can't. I come here to tell you that you can get it if you likes.' ' How can I get it, fool P' ' Mishter Dallas ! He is here, dou't you see 'i ' 41 No, I don't.' ' Veil, he takes his vife home ; you meets him, and goes to Mishter Bradley's.' * Well, Shylock ?— and if we' do ? Are there not thieves enough there to fleece him without me '{ Havn't they fleeced him enough already '- ' ' But they won't be there to-night — only flats, they've gone. The races, you sec.' ' Well, I don't see that it makes it any better. There, I won't go, and you can do your worst ! ' ' Hush, ma 'tear, you shouldn't speak so loud, you can't tell who niav be in the boxsh.' and the two men walked away. What did it mean? There was evidently some plot against John, and Bertie too was at the bottom of it all. I thought deeply over it, but somehow I could not make it clearly out. Then after a time, like a flash, came the recol lection of the gambling house, and the remarks of the Jew. Bertie Gwynne was to cheat my husband of his money. The theatre seemed to swim around me when the truth flashed across my mind, and the revolution of feeling I experienced was terrible to bear, now it was i aia not taint I do not know, to this day. When John came back to me, I begged to be taken home, stating that I had a sick headache. lie looked at me, and I fancied I saw his face flush. ' You do not look well,' he said kindly, and in silence conducted me to a cab. When we were inside tho house I desired his presence in the drawing-room for a few moments, as I had something to tell him. ' Well,' he said, when he came, 'what is it?' ' John,' I answered, in a confused way, for I did not know how to begin, ' I want to ask you a favour— I want to ask you to — not to— go out to-night.' He looked at me in some surprise. ' And why not ? ' be snid coldly. ' I do not see how my going out can affect you in any way.' ' Yes, yes, it does.' I tugged at my glove nervously, and finally split it up the back in my nervousness. ' I ask you, for my sake, to atop at home. Oh, John, if you love me ? ' He raised his hand deprecatingly, 'You forget. We ire never to speak of that again. And I pray you to cease low.' ' But I will. For heaven's sake, do not go to that house 0-night. They will steal ? ' Ho started violently and. turned pale as death. ' Wliat [o you mean Y' he asked in a low voice. 'I mean— Oh! Heaven— I heard to-night, two men— liking ? ' ' l)on't be foolish, Barbara, you are not well. I have romised to meet a friend to-night.' I sank despairingly on my knees at his feet, ' I ask of ou, John, if ever you did love me, to have pity. 1 heard liat man, — Bertie Gwynne — and another, concoct a plot a rob you to-night at cards, at that house where you go at light. Do not go, John, remain here once — only once, and ee if what I say is not true. Oh, for God's sake, do not ast me from you, for I love you with all my heart and oul, and I swear that if you leave me I will destroy myself. '. will ? ' and I fainted away. When I recovered, 1 was in my husband's avins, iis face was pressed to my cheek, and my heart beat against lis. For a moment I opened my eyes and closed them igain, thinking it to be a dream, too beautiful to be rudely lispelled. But I soon found that it was the reality, and when I raised my eyes to his, I saw I was forgiven, that . iis great love had gone out to me again, and his heart was once more my own. We have been as happy a couple as there could well be found in Sydney since then, and have never had a cross word between us. And when I look back uuon the old days and think of the time when that man came to me and tried to steal me from my husband, I shudder with horror and cling closer still to John's brave heart. Bertie Gwynne left Sydney soon after, and I saw him no more. But I learned a lesson that will serve me for life, and I know what a man will do who will offer love to a woman already promised to another, and I have learned what a poor weak thing a woman's heart is, and yet how strongly it will cling to the support that is firmest and bestable to bear with its weakness. ? 