OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER, S(PFrom our own Correspondent.) The result of the contest for seats in it the City Council has given very general satisfaction. Surprise is expressed at the s1 position which ex-Alderman Watchorn y occupied at the close of the poll, as it was L fully expected that he would have occu- fi pied one of the three leading positions. His defeat may be attributed to the recent t1 action which he has taken in connection p with the criticism of *Mr Christopherson, v late Director of Waterworks, upon the o proposals of the new director. Mr ' Christopherson should never have been n allowed to intrude his opinions upon the c deliberations of the City Council-for o reasons which have already found a place t in your columns-and it is a matter for t regret that his.attenipts to throw doubts p upon the value of his successor's scheme v for the supply of water to the city were not nipped iin the bud as they deserved to c be. Mr Gregory surprised his friends, on the other hand,by attaining second place ; not a bad position considering that he habs c hitherto been a stranger to public life. j Contrary to what usually happens, the election would have been attended with almost' the same results had each elector been allowed to record only a single vote. The only difference would have been that Mr Risby would have taken third place instead of fourth. The following numbers show the individual votes for each candi date:-Gregory 674, Brownell 638, Risby 1 636, Belbin 584, Watchorn 545, Clark I 486, Daly 421. The citizens are to be congratulated upon the results of the con test. I was right in supposing that Mr Harcourt would be elected Mayor. Mr Burgess retires from the chairafter having filled it with honour for two years. Mr t Harcourt'has filled the position of acting Mayor twice during the temporary absence of Mr Burgess. The news that the Australian Eleven will visit Hobart Town has been received with sincere pleasure by all lovers of the noble game of cricket. Although it is necessary to charge almost prohibitory prices for admission to witness the match, in order to meet the large expense in curred by the Association, I anticipate a good attendance and liberal assistance on the part of the public. Two probable candidates in the event of a vacancy for the seat of West Hobart are already feeling their way in the con stituency. No further enquiry into the action of the constables who lately disgraced them selves in connection with the ghost mystery has been made, but the matter will not be allowed to remain where it is. In the meantime the public look to the head of the Territorial police to take the. initiative. The "blue beetle" is making its ap pearance. in the orchards to the disgust and alarm of the fruit growers, who already have enough to do to save their crops from the ravages of the codlin moth and mussel scale. Millions of the beetles were to be found on the Huon road near town on Sunday last, evidently on the war path. I have. often heard miners and others enquiring as to the price or commercial value of osmium. In a work published in London during the present year, I notice that osmium and iridium are both placed in the list of " metallic elements of tOe comenercial value." The Orchestral Union gave the first concert in its third year on Thursday evening last. The Town Hall was as usual on such occasions well filled, and His Excellency the Governor and Lady Lefroy were present. We are having most singular weather o for this time of the year. For one day's e seasonable sunshine and heat, we have to d endure at least four days keen autumn d weather. Summer has found no rest with I us as yet. if Dec. 13. 