i ANOTHER ACCOUNT OF THE OUT SIDE SOENE. ! There has been seldom seen so peoullar aa . assemblage (nearly 3000) as that whioh massed ' Itself before the gaol door this morning. Not : tbat larger orowda havo not gathered and mors impressive demonstrations been noticeable, but ' the general aspect of these assembled was the ' reverse of what might have boon expacted.Eaoh one there in point of faot seemed to have been ' attracted by the idea that a disorderly mob would be present, and came to soe the sight, I instead of wbioh the wonid- be sightseers, with few excertions, formed the crowd. The assemblage was singularly orderly, for a large crowd of any nation, ae assembled for any purposes, is nsver free from thoae larrikin elements whioh make themselves visible by horseplay, oaths, and loud, coarse laughter. AU thjsjio painfully oonepiouous at other tlmea w'j '-higularly absent, and tbe orowd appeared to| 'rvaded by a general epirit of inquiry anc Woslty, There wsre not ostensibly a large nnmber of polioe on the ground, but de tectives were numerous, aud every precaution seemed to have been taken should thore be any attempt at riot or unseemly conduct. As the time rolled on and the fatal hour of ton grew ?ear the mob thlakened, and while before scattered along the aids walks on each side of the road, they now drew round the gaol gates in a close ' mass. At this moment when the olock wanted but a very few minutes of ten a baiter's cart with singularly bad taste and misjudgment forced a passage throngh tho crowd and de livered a load of bread at the gaol door, a pro. ceeding which drew the attention of all present and provoked a number of remarks the reverse of complimentary. Still the stir and move, ment and bustle of tho crowd went on without a check, though tbe hour approaohed fast,. While, strange to say, Bcarcsly an angry word was to be . heard, a loud buzz of talk pervaded the assemblage. Suddenly a neigh, boring clock struck, and by a simultaneous feeling all present hushed and counted tife strokes as tbey slowly fell upon the ear. One silent moment and the bnzzlng resumed, but its topio was different. The idlest, the most ignorant, the most dissipated realised at tbat moment the solemn fact that a fellow-creature had been passed from this known world to tbe unknown in obedience to the just dlotates of the outraged lawe of his country.' It was a sudden thought, but in a few minuteB curiosity bad resumed Its way, Eaoh exodus from ths gaol was watched as if the gazers expected to see the ghost of the oriminal stalk forth In tbe now famous armor, and as with occasional rushes on false scents to gaze at a reported somebody, the crowd slowly melted away, the witness oonld not but contrast the quiet orderly assemblage of to-day with the hideous con course of all tbat was vile that used to throng Newgate Btreet on Hanging Monday, 