LATE PRESS TELEGRAMS. I Constantinople, October 4. Further particulars have now transpired regarding the scheme which has been submitted to the Great Powers by the Porte, and which is receiving the consideration of the various cabinets. In addition to the promised cession of Dulcigno to the Montenegrins on certain conditions the Porte offers to settle the Greek frontier question by drawing % line south of Larissa and Jarina, which places have been the subject of much contention between the two Governments. It is still uncertain whether the Powers will agree to these proposals, but it is considered highly improbable they will do so without some important modifications of the scheme. London, October 5. The following are the most important points in the proposals. submitted by the Porte for the settlement of the existing difficulties :—1. Dulcigno to be iinmedi- : ately ceded to Montenegro, but on the condition that the naval display be henceforth and finally abandoned. 2. The j [ Turkish Government after this step will I deal in a satisfactory manner with the ( Greek and Armenian questions. It is ! considered extremely improbable that these conditions will be accepted by the Powers. Most of the morning papers to-day devote leading articles to the proposals of the Porte for the settlement of the difficulties between Albania and Montenegro and other matters arising out of the decisions of the Berlin Conference, the more important points of which have been already telegraphed, and the press is almost unanimous in regarding them as an insult to Europe. In Colonial Government securities the New South Wales 4 per cent. loan has advanced £1, and is quoted at £100 ; the 4 per cent. Queensland loan has advanced £1 10s., and is quoted at £04 10s; and the new 5 per cent. New Zealand loan has advanced £1, and is quoted at £103. ■ ' Constantinople, October 5. The latest intelligence from the combined squadron states that all the vessels are still in the Gulf of Cattaro waiting further orders. In spite of the statement some time ago that in view of the critical position of affairs in the East the public works now being carried on at Cyprus were about to be stopped, Major-General Robert Biddulph, the High Commissioner of Cyprus, has declared that the British Government have no intention of withdrawing from that island. London, October 6. The anticipations formed yesterday on the proposals of the Porte becoming know that it was extremely improbable they j would be accepted by the Powers, have to j day become much stronger, and it is now stated that a display will before long be made by the combined squadron against Constantinople, and that orders are about to be despatched to Admiral Seymour to proceed to the Dardanelles for that purpose, i In spite of the early hour at which the Australian Cricketers left London for the Continent en route for Australia, hundreds of people were at the station to witness their departure. Lay cock before starting in the race with Blackman was the favourite in the betting. After rowing three minutes Laycock drew level with his opponent, Blackman spurted finely, but Laycock forged steadily ahead, principally owing to his superior stamiua, and ultimately distanced his opponent, who was dead beat in twelve minutes from the start. Laycock finished the race alone, completing the distance in 26 minutes. The public meetings which have been held to jprotest against Mr. Gladstone's foreign policy have turned out miserable [ failures. France intends to adhere to the present European concert in regard to the course ot action to be pursued in reference to the ' Eastern question. London, October 7. It is stated to-day that the Great Powers have determined to assist the Prince of Montenegro with money to carry on his campaign against the Albanians, but that it has not yet been decided whether they will co-operate with him by an armed demonstration. The latest news from Dulcigno states that Riza Pasha, the Turkirh commander of that town, is busy collecting stores from the surrounding country within the walls of the fortress, and otherwise making preparations for defence. Reports are current in Rome that there is reason to fear Russia is secretly encouraging the Sultan in his resistance to the demands of the. Powers. The feeliug of indignation excited by the proposals of she Porte for the settlement of the Eastern difficulty continues unabated, and the Continental presB unites with that of England in commenting severely on the audacity of the Turkish Government in proposing to the Great Powers such conditions. In France especially great resentment is expressed against Turkey, and the leading journals urge prompt action to enforce the decisions of the Berlin Conference. Up to the present time no definite course has been decided-upon by the Government in reference to the Ottoman scheme, and it is understood the Powers are waiting for the proposals of Great Britain as to the line of action to.be followed. An immediate blockade of the Turkish ports by the combined squadrons now in the Adriatic has been suggested. The continued agitation in Ireland is causing much anxiety to the Government, and preparations are being made for the dispatch of additional troops to the districts most disturbed. Active preparations are proceeding in the military barracks in the west of Ireland, where a number of men are to be sent at once. The new yacht Livadia,built at Glasgow for the Czar of Russia, left that place yesterday for the Baltic. London, October 7. ■It" is stated to-day that the various ' foreign Consuls have received orders to quit Scutari, which is regarded as a preliminary step to a suspension of diplomatic relations with the Sultan and a declaration of war on the part of the Great Powen. The combined fleet has left the anchorage in the Gulf of Cattaro bnt its destination ib not yet known. It is generally supposed, however, thatablockade of Constantinople has been determined on. The persons who were lately sentenced to a short term of imprisonment for participation in the recent Irish land law riots in Glasgow, were released to- day. . News has been received from Teheran to-day to the effect that an^army of 15,000 Kurds has invaded^rebna, and that several places have already been burnt, and the women and children taken captive.. The funeral of M<, Offenbach, the composer, took place at the Church 'of the Madelainip in Paris today. It was /attended by a very large number of musical and literary celebrities. The proportion of the reserve of the Bank of Eugland to the liabilities is 45 per cent., and the total reserve of the bank in notes and bullion is LIS,500,000. : j New York, October 7. I The shipments of wheat from America to the United Kingdom are now going forward on a considerable scale. Last week the total shipments exceeded 500,000 qrs. Aden, October 7. Information has been received here today to the effect that a large band of predatory Kurds have descended upon Persia and pillaged a number of villages. London, October 8. It is stated with some degree of authority that the British Government has proposed to the Great Powers, with a view of expediting a settlement of the Eastern difficulty, that the combined squadron should at once proceed to occupy and place an embargo on the principal ports iu the ^Egean Sea. It is further stated that the Powers have agreed to the proposal, and that instructions have already been sent to the admirals to the above effect. The Daily News, in a leading article published this morning, hints that the advisability of deposing the Sultan will probably be considered by the Powers. The decision of the Great Powers as to the steps they intend to take in the present difficulty in Eastern Europe are not yet accurately known, but rumors are current to-day that the ambassadors at Constantinople are to be recalled immediately and that a blockade of all the Turkish harbors is intended. A great conference of Irish landlords is shortly to be held in Dublin to consider the difficulties which have arisen with the tenant farmers and the agitation now going on for the reform of the land laws. The Chinese Government have sent a formal demand to the Spanish Cabinet for reparation for the recent arrest of the secretary to the Chinese Consulate at Havannah. Farmers' Co-Operativb Agency Company.—At a meeting of the Directors of this Company, which was held on Thursday, it was resolved, in consequence of the urgent request of some of the branches of the Farmers' Association, to extend the time for reception of applications for shares till November 11. The Secretary was instructed to inform the branches accordingly, and to state in reply to enquiries, that, as it was not proposed at present to issue more than 50,000 shaves, I applications will be dealt with as far as practicable in order of priority in the event of more than that number being applied for. Sunday Closing and Local Option League.—A meeting of the Committee of the Narracoorte Branch of this League was held on Thursday evening last. Mr. A. Attiwill (president) occupied the chair; and there was a good attendance of members of the Committee. It was decided to take a poll of the inhabitants of Narracoorte 011 the question of the closing of public houses on Sunday; and the town was divided into districts for the distribution of voting papers by the members of the Committee. The papers are now being left in every house in the town and district, and will be called for during the week. We should like to see the residents give a fair expression of opinion on this matter, and we trust all who have received papers will return them properly filled up. The result of the poll will be known on Thursday, the 21st inst. Assignment.—Messrs. Stuart & Tripp, shipping agents and storekeepers, Beachport, have assigned their estate for the benefit of their creditors to Messrs. G. Morgan and S. Cornish, of Adelaide. Kingston Races.—The programme of the Kingston annual races, which are fixed for the 22nd and 23rd of December, appears in our advertising columns. The Narracoorte Hospital.—Mr. A. Caldwell has received the following letter from Mr. A. Hardy, M.P., with reference to the Narracoorte Hospital:—Adelaide, October 8, 1880.—Dear Sir,—Referring to my letter of lBt April to the late Thos. Hinckley, Esq., as Chairman of the Committee of the Narracoorte Hospital that the Government had promised to place £300 on the Estimates to clear the liabilities of the Narracoorte Hospital, the balance to be appropriated towardsfurnishing, I have now the pleasure to inform j the Committee that the sum of £300 for the purposes was passed on the Estimates last night.—As 1 am not aware who is now Chairman, will you kindly, lay this letter before the Committee, of which I understand you are a member.—Yours faithfully, Arthur Hardy, South Australian National Rifle Association.—A meeting of the Council of this Association was held in Adelaide on Wednesday, October 8. The Inspecting Officer wrote, requesting that Private J. Baragwanath, Mount Gambier Company Private G. Webb, Narracoorte; and Privates W. H. Young and C. Denning, Robe, might be fined for having been absent without leave from the late inspection.—Fined £2 in each each case. An Overland Railway.—The Treasurer, in reply to Mr. Hardy, in the Assembly on Thursday last, said the Agent- General would be instructed to obtain all possible information as to the intentions and objects - ef the syndicate which had been formed in London for the purpose of constructing a transcontinetal railway in Australia. A Chance for the Widows.—In. last Friday's Advertiser a gentleman advertises his wish to correspond with a young widow with a view to matrimony. This is rather a novelty in matrimonial advertisements, and is certain to receive many replies. Has this erring youth never heard the precept—" Beware of the vidders." O, Tony Weller, how are thy injunctions disregarded! Why are the public made to wait twenty minutes or so for their letters more than is necessary'? At present all the mails are up to the PoBt Office near the Police station. There they are sorted, and then then those for the business part of the town are put in a bag and brought, down to the new post-office, where they are again sorted. Much time would be saved by tlie mails being taken in the fiist place to the new post-office, and what few letters there might be for the other end of . the town, could be taken there much more easily than bringing the heavy mail down as at present. The Rev. S. F. Prior left for Adelaide yesterday to attend the annual sittings of the District Meeting in connection with his church. He will be absent about a fortnight. Anniversary of Sarnta Weslkyan Sunday-School.—The anniversary services in i connection with the Rnini^ Sunday-School were conducted in the Narracoorte WedeyanChurch on Snnday last; by the Rev-S- F. Prior. In the morning, he based his discourse on St. John, xxi." chap.- 15th v.—" Feed my Lambs." The wt gentleman's remarks ©©ofiued du^y to the salvation of children, and he expressed the belief that all children on coming into the world were redeemed.- The young were often frightened away from the church by Sunday-school teachers and ministers telling them that they .had to- repent and be~ converted. He held that they should that they were already within Christ's fold, and encouraged to remain there. It was no us© burdening children's minds with original sin and repentance ; 11\ 8"fficlent to teU them of the story of Christ s love m redeeming them with his blood. He also beKeved that children mentally and morally were saved—those who did not know right from wrong, and; those who bad not the light of gospel of he earnestly warned those who bad Christian privileges and did not walk np to the light they possessed. They would assuredly be called upon togive an account of the deeds done in the body. In the evening Mr. Prior spoko , from Ephesians, chap, v., 1st v. " Be ye therefore followers|of God, as dear child.reu:!\ Ee spoke at length of childlike simplicity m contradistinction to childishness, and enjoined his< hearers to cultivate the former and avoid the . latter. He also eloquently,,; dweLt-npom the- sim^ plicity, gleefplnessj. and universal- sympatny of children * and he regretted there waB not more of sbts naturalness retained! in riper years^ He. regretted to say there was too -much of the cold, calculating, auspicious, and selfish, shrewdness abroad now-a-days. The maxim was- " treat every man as a rogoe nm.il you find him honestinstead of accepting a man as honest until youfind hip a rogue. He yearned fer more > simplicity, more trust, and more cenfidencw \- between man; and man in the world ; and 1 asked his hearers to practice the graceswhich sprang from a child-like disposition, and to avoid the evils of childishness, cunning, mid artfulness. The congregations at both services; were good. On Wednesday afternoon next the usual tea "ijj take place at Santa. The grounds will be thrown open aH the hfteraeon for » sports, and refreshments-will be provided. The usual meeting itt the evening will hot be held, in consequence ®f Mr. Prior . having to leave for Adelaide yesterday on business. He will, however, en a future | date, deliver a lecture entitled " A Littlo ' . jjd" ^he proceeds of the anniversary wiU go towards the liquidation of the debt on the Parsonage Fund, Vote to- Road Boards.—When the vote of £110,000 for maintenance of main roads throughout the colony came on for consideration in the Assembly on Thursday last Mr. Henning asked the Commissioner of Public Works on wbat principle. the allotment for districts was made, as he saw that last year £8,000 was given to Victona and only, the same amount to i Albert, a much larger district. The Commissioner said the division was made on the mileage of road and also the traffic, i and the traffic «»f Victoria was larger, bub though Albert had a large allotment the; traffic was infinitessimal. When last W went to the South-Eaat, between Kingston and Meningie, he had only met one trap,one wan on horseback, and two men on foot near Kingston. In reply t« Mr.Ross, the Commissioner stated that they had to consider the additional lines in each district each year, and the- increasing traffic to get at what should be allotted, and in some cases a change would be necessary. Mr. Helping, while he admitted; that there was little traffic between Meningie and Kingston, said there was a good deal of settlemennt at Lueindale, Robe,. ; Narracoorte, and Border Town. (The Commissioner—"The railway.") That would only accommodate people going in acertain direction. Of the two districts, the laiger amount ought to be apportioned- to' Albert. Mr. West-Erskine hoped assettlement was likely to extend considerably in the District of Albert that the; Commissioner would see his way clear t increase the amount granted to the district. Scene in our Legislative Council.— Our grave andjreverend Be ignore whoare, generally supposed to be the embodiment of unerring Wisdom and dignity, decided to have a sitting on Friday. This is quite unusual, for, as a rule, one sitting per ' week suffices them, and even the Lower House cannot muster courage yet for Friday sittings;- It was, however, too much for the», and before the sitting closed the " little lords?' got very disorderly. If it bad been a vinegar Bill they had been discussing there might have beeu- aome reason for the bad temper that -prevailed in the House, but even a Sugar Bill could, not entice them to-be sweet. • The. Advertiser thus describes the proceedings.;—"The Northern Territory Sugar Cultivation Bill excited a great deal of discussion .and led to a< somewhat unseemly scene in -the Legislative Council on Friday. Sir Henry Ayers and Mr. Fisher, who led the opposition to the measure, stated they did so on the grounds that the Government could show no fair argument for making exceptional grants of land to the persons named in the Bill. The Chief Secretary and other honorable members, on the other hand, maintained , that they had a special right'to consideration, as they were prepared to expend money on what was. virtually an experiment, which, if it succeeded, would be of the greatest benefit to the northern portion of the colony. The second reading of the Bill was carried by a considerable majority. The Opposition then-intimated their intention of opposing-each clause and strove, not ineffectually, to talk, agairst time on the first. At length Mr. Sandover called for a division which was. carried, and tbe clause was afterwardspassed. A scene then ensued such as been seldom witnessed in the Council. Sir Henry Ayers said never in the courses, of his experience bad such a dodge beeC^ resorted to for stifling discussion, and J pointed out .that on such a motion as thatproposed by Mr. Sandover it was most, uuusual for a member of the Ministry. to vote in favor of it as the Chief Secretary had done. The Chief Secretary retorted the circumstances. .were peculiar, that ample opportunity had been given for the discission of the measure on the second reading, and that the-debate on- the first clause jwas merely an attempt at obstruction by Sir Henry Ayers and his supporters. In the course of discussion which followed some remarks were bandied about by honorable members as to the -past history of each other, which however truthful were neither dignified nor becoming. Seeing ■ that, the members were out of temper the Chief Secretary postponed the further consideration of the Bill until Tuesday next.. Presbyterian. —The Rev. D. McCalman proceeded overland to Melbourne on Saturday last. Mr. A. Attiwill conducted services both morning and evening in his church on Sunday last. We understand it has been decided not to obtain a supply; and that the ministers of other denominations in the town, in conjunction with Mr. Attiwill, will conduct services regu- larly until Mr. McCalman's return. Opposition Overdone, or Torn to Pieces.—In a small township not one hundred miles over the Border a small Government office was about to become vacant, and there were two applicants for the vacancy. Each, to strengthen his position, got a friend to go round the neighbourhood and get their friends to sign a recommendation of their efficiency for the post. One of the candidates fancying that his opponent was getting too many signatures way-laid his canvasser, and being the stronger man obtained possession of the memorial, and deliberately tore it up. It is not known whether he has obtained the coveted post, but no doubt the unique manner he took to get rid of his opponent's pretentions, if represented in the proper quarter, will secure him the coveted post.—Communicated, Oddfellows, M.U.—The half-yearly meeting of the Adelaide District of the Independent order of Oddfellows. Manchester Unity, was held in Adelaide on Tuesday, September 28. The balancesheet of the district funeral fund showed income for the half.year £2,360 6s. 6d. which, with former balance, make 13,539 2b. 9d. Expenditure—Paid to widow and orphan fund of the society, Ll ,434 5s. lOd.; benevolent lund, for levies, L46 I9s. ; at death of 40 members and 34' wives,, L989 3s. 6d. ; expenses of management, £201 13s. 6d.: ' reimbursements, L7-8s. 6<L, leaving a balance to the credit of the district funeral fund of £859 12s. 6d., which is invested—Cash in--National Bank, B609 12s. 5d. ; in Savings bank, £250.'- .The balance-sheet of the benevolent fund showed income for the half-year, £84 ,6s. 3d.; expenditure to relieve nine caBes japplied for, L25 10s.; leaving a' balance of Ii926 8s., which is invested—Loans on mortgage, L830; cash in Savings Bank, £96 8s. The auditors reported that they found all the accounts in the office correct; that 8,745 members belong to this district. They recommended a levy of 3s. per member for the next two quarters, and 3d. for the next half year to. the Benevolent Fund. The balance-sheet and auditors' report were adopted. Wheat Traffic on Government RailWats.—A return moved for by Mr. Krichauff showing the number of tons of wheat loaded at each'railway station in the province during the year ended June 30, 1880, was; laid on the table of the House. According to this return 176,678 tons of wheat were conveyed on the Government railways during the period mentioned. ' The following 6gures are given for the South-East Railways :— mount gamrier and rivoli bay line. Name. Tons. Mount Gambier ... 16 Tantanoola ... 926 Millicent ... 263 Total... ... ... ... ... 1,205 KINGSTON AND NARRACOORTE LINE. j Name. Tons. Kingston ... 5 Lucindale 860 Narraceorte ... ... 470 Total ... 1,335 In the latter line Stewart's Range station has been omitted. This, of course, makes a difference. The Surveyor-General's visit to the Soctr-East. — On Tuesday (to-day,) "October 12, Mr. Hardy will move !— "'That the report of the Surveyor-General upon his recent visit to the drained lands in the South-East, on behalf of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, be laid on the table of this House." A Deadly Duel.—It is not often we have such an exciting event as.a. duel to record. The other day, however, we were informed by a gentleman in this neighborhood that he discovered his dog—-a. fancy temer—and a shake, both half dead lying side by side, after having fought a desperate duel. His snakeship was despatched, and the dog was taken home, where he yielded up the .ghost shortly afterwards. The dog was bittten by his antagonist in several places. i The Wool Season.—The wool season ' this year is wuch earlier than usual ; and Messrs. aud Grice Co. "confidently expect thatthey will be able to sail their February • London . vessel -a week before the date ' fixed for sailing. Daring last week the stations had beautiful shearing weather ; and if it continues a week or two will: see the majority oi sheds in this district cut -out. From all sides we hear of the excellence of the clip. The severe drought last year had the effect of breaking the wool, but the splendid season the district i has had this year has been productive of sound fleeces. The lambing, both in condition and number, is exceeding the most sanguine expectations. Wheat Traffic on Railways,— " That in the opinion of this House the railway charges for the conveyance of wheat and other cereals ought to -be reduced and regulated according to distance" - Were tbe terms of a .motion brought forward in the Assembly on Wednesday by Mr. Moody. The hon. member for Light seemed to be so satisfied of the justice of the cause he advocated as to leave the proposition almost to speak for itself, and confined his observations to the space of a few minutes. In these he referred to the 'fact that onr railway wheat tariff was largely in excess of those charged in the other colonies, being nearly double that of Victoria, and more than double that of. New South Wales.'- The farmers in the interior-could not expect to grow wheat profitably -at the present rates charged, even if wheat were a higher price than it fetched now, and he suggested that the rate of 2£d per ton permile should be reduced to 1-^d under thirty miles, and a graduated scale charged distance -upwards. Other members, having supported the motion, the Commissioner of Public Works said the Government did not intend to oppose it. The Traffic Manager, after going carefully into the question, estimated that the reduction of a halfpenny per ton per mile on the carriage of not only wheat, . but all the products of wheat, would i amount to a loRs of £15,000 per annum. J The Government could not assent to the proposition shadowed forth by Mr. Moody, as if they reduced the rate to Ifd. under . thirty miles, and continued reducing it at a. proportionate rate, before they got to 150 miles they would have to pay the farmers for carrying their produce. What ' the Government did propose to charge was —for the first fifty miles, 2|d. per ton per mile, as at present; for the next twenty five miles 2d., and beyond seventy-five miles l^d., which rates would be brought into operation before harvest. Mr. Ross asserted that the Commissioner of Public ' Works had no returns at his disposal by . which he could arrive at the railway receipts per ton per mile with any degree of correctness, and expressed his great surprise at the hasty action of the Government in assenting to the motion in the way they had done. After some farther debate the motion was carried.— Register. '■■■ The Cultivation Clauses.—a meeting of selectors will be held at Mr. Liinbert's residence in the Hundred of Robertson Joii Wednesday next to conmder the adfor the abolition ' ; <if the "<wtiyation clause in the Land Act 'and other matters .connected with land \- reform. Strike ax Mount Gahbier.—A telegram from Mount Gambier states :—"The master coachmakers, machinists, and blacksmiths here. have resolved to insist on their men working nine hoars daily after Monday next. The men have offered to work fifty-one hours weekly, but the employers insist on fifty-three hours or they will lock out their employees. The men have now pledged themselves to cease work rather than, agree. There is little probability of either side giving way, and therefore the employes, or most of them, strike tomorrow. If all strike about thirty will be out of employment. The men would prefer a reduction of wages, but masters gave no choice. The employers say the step is necessitated by the extreme dulness of trade." The monthly meeting of the Kincraig Institute Committee will be held this evening at 7 o'clock. At the Police Court on Friday Robert Egan was fined 10s. for drunkenness and £2 for indecent exposure. The Benayeo sale commences at 12 noon to-morrow. There will be a large number from Narracoorte. Dr. HAGGAKhas been compelled through unforeseen circumstances to postpone his visit to Narracoorte for a week or two. The date of his visit has been postponed till the 31st October. Opening op the Cricket Season.— The opening match of the cricket season will be played on the Oval on Wednesday afternoon next. Eleven of the Narracoorle Club will' play Eighteen all-comers. Wickets will be pitched at 2.30 o'clock. The Kingston Jetty.—The Engineerin-Ohief has received the following telegram from Mr. John Rogers, the Assistant Engineer :—" The Kingston Jetty has been reopened for traffic, the piles having been brought into position more easily than was anticipated." 