I THE NOVELIST. I lyrATlY AUTuRLEY.* BY R. D. BIACKMOBB, W T DOONB," " THB MAID OT A0,HOB£. ALIOEIIOEBAINK," &C.; CHAPTER XXVII. PROPER WAY TO'ABGUE. 4ioa how seldom is tmytmng aone m ^ nnd season! Either too fast, or Pt0P^i®9 the clock of aU human dewdingB; too slow, 181 kw of them, when the ana andwhJii^r of works and Ws) has to be (the "finery often, on hiB own meridian? the best intention every man sets forth j k?o(?utr and to talk of it; and'he 40 "I0 a nnite sure that he has done it, and to *". w rircleB boasts, or lets them do it !K for him ; bat before his lips are dry, bis?a« apprise him that lie was a stroke too IaoA ual,nened it with Master Mordacks; So happeneu ' fnr«mnBt. with hin 5!^ oMtterv forelock of that mettlesome t Soft The old horse galloped by inlwares, and left him standing still, *1 hoMken to tiie swish of the tail, and the Kfethe hoofs, and the spirited nostrils ^fns for a nwe on the wide breezy down field of the lane. But Geoffrey Mor dLke was not to blame. His instructions were to move slowly, until he tras sure of something worth moving for. And of this he had no surety yet; and waB only too likely tolose it altogether, by any headlong actaon. Therefore, instead of making any instant xnsh, or belting on his pistols, and hiring the sagacious quadruped who understood his ?character, content be was to advance de liberately upon one foot and three artificial ^Meanwhile, at Anerley Farm the usual fatness of faU garners, and bright comfort of the evening hearth, the glow of peace, which labour kindles in the mind that has .earned its rest, and the pleasant laziness of heart which cornea where family love lies careless, confident, and unassailed-the pleasure also of pitying the people who never can get in their wheat, and the hot be nevolence of boiling down the bones for the man who has tumbled off one's rick-all these blisses, large and little, were not in their usual prime. The master of the house was stern, and silent, heavy, and careleBS of his customary victuals, neglectful also of his customary jokes. He disliked the worse side of a bar gain as much as in his most happy moments; and the meditation (which is generally sup posed to be going on where speech is scarce), was not of such loftiness as to overlook the time a man stopped round the corner. As a horse settles down to strong collar-work better, when the gloss of the stable takes the ruffle of the air, so thiB man worked at his business all the harder with the brightness of the home-joys fading. But it went very hard with him, more than once, when he made a good stroke of salesmanship, to have to put the money in the bottom of his socket, with out even rubbing a bright half-crown, and saying to himself, " I have a'most a mind to give this to Mary." Now if this settled and steadfast man (with three-quarters of his life gone over him; and less and leBS time every year for considering soft 8objects), in spite of all that, was pat oat of his way by not being looked at as usual though for that matter, perhaps, himself failed to look in searph of those looks, as usual-what on the other hand was likely to remain of mirth, and light-heartedness, in a weaker quarter ? Mary, who used to be as happy as a bird, where worms abound and cats are scarce, was now in a grievous plight of mind, restless, lonely, troubled in ner heart, and doubtful of her conscience. mother had certainly shown kind feeling, and even a readiness to take her part, which Burpneed the maiden after all her words: ana once or twice they had had a cry together, -clearing and strengthening their intellects desirably. For the more Mistress Anerley began to think about it, the more she was almost sure that something could be said on both sides. She never had altogether ap proved of the farmer's volunteering, which took him away to drill at plaoes where ladies came to look at him; and where he «lept ont of his own bed, and got things to eat that she had never heard of: ana lis never was the better afterward*. li that was the tbing which set his mind against free trade so bitterly, it went Car to ebow tha$ free trade was good, and it made all the .of a blanket And more thaathat. sbehad \+ m *ke very first,even r Position, that nobody knew what not turn out in the end to *jfT v i spoken most, highly of her. as J&^^wdtomention; and she felt he cfuld nSr^0'^.80' though of oonrae iwDle thn £° Stiff there were K not done that, and man he was a very promising young andeSd^8».pIea9e^ with this conclusion, Zmnh^- wh0 did *ot *>*' at# & assa hard unon h« ri regularly used to be now to nothing, shoiftd ELS S* *** P"*, from ^ the toett Of all S55 hM her ®"rn husband! Brave« ^gk^y it^^R10 hl" ^ in *> Little he kn .? b®tter without hi m. ! \°T9> * ? were waiting 4$'be Master Popplewell had kgrtfce i opinion be had formed in all his life; bat none fine mote for that would he venture to foretell & thing with,c*0MDurp0se« about it A man 6f sagacity ana dealings 'with the wbrld might happen to be right ninety-nine times in a hundred; and. yrt he might be wrong the Other time. Therefore he would not give any opinion, except that everybody would be sorry by and bye, when things were too late for mending. To this the farmer listened with an air of wisdom, hot put forward too severely; be cause brother. Popplewell had got a lot of money, and must bbhave handsomely, when in a better world. The simplest way of treating him was |nst to let him talk-for partly suspected this, and it put his nature upon .edge: foe he always drove his opinions ni.?\ *v* ?uWete 80 maily tenpenny nails, which the other man must either clinch, or strike back into his teeth outright. He would rather have that than flabby silence, as if he were nailing into dry rot. .." I te*1 son what it is," he said the third time be came over, which was well within a week-for nothing breeds impatience faster than retirement from work-"you are so thick-headed in your farm-house ways, some times I am worn out with you. I do not expect to be thought of any higher because I have . left. off working for > myself: and Deborah is satisfied to be called ' Debby,' and walks no prouder than if she had got to clean her own steps daily. You cannot enter into what people think of me. counting Parson Beloe; and, therefore, it is no good saying anything about it But, Stephen, you may rely upon it, that you will be sorry after wards. _ That poor girl, the prettiest girl in Yorkshire, and the kindest and the best, is going off her victuals, and consuming of ner substance, because you will not even look, at her. If you don't want the child, let me have her. To us she is welcome as the flowers in May." '"If Mary wishes it, she can go with you the farmer answered, sternly; and, hating many words, he betook himself to work, resolving to keep at it, until the tanner should be gone. But when he came home after dusk, his steadfast heart was beating faster than his stubborn mind approved. Mary might have taken him at hiB word, and flown for refuge from displeasure, cold voice, and dull comfort, to the warmth, and hearty cheer, and love of the folk who only cared to please her, spoil her, and utterly ruin her. Folk who had no sense of fatherly duty, or right conscience; but, having piled up dirty money, thought that it covered everything; such people might think it fair to come between a father ana his child, and truckle to her, by backing her up in whims that were against ber good, ana making light of right and wrong, as if they turned on money-but Mary (such a prudent lass, although she was a fool just now), must see through all such shallow tricks, such rigmarole about Parson Beloe, who muBt be an idiot himself to think so much of Simon Popplewell-for EaBter offerings, no doubt-but there, if Mary had the heart to go away, what use to stand maundering about it? Stephen Anerley would be dashed if he cared which way it was. Meaning all this, Stephen Anerley, how ever, carried it out in a style at variance with such reckless vigour. Instead of marching boldly in at his own door, and throwing him self upon a bench, and waiting to be waited upon-he left the narrow gravel walk (which led from the horse-gate to the front door) and craftily fetched a compass through the pleasure-beds and little shrubs, upon the sward, and in the dusk, ao that none ought see or hear him. Then priding himself upon his stealth, as a man with whom it is rare may do, yet knowing all the time that he was more than half ashamed of it, he began to peep in at his own windows, as if he were planning how to rob his own house. This thought Btruck him, but instead x>f smiling, he sighed very sadly; for bis object was to learn whether house and home had been robbed of that which he loved so fondly. There was no Mary in the kitchen, seeing to his supper; the fire waB bright, and the pot was there, hut only shadows round it No Mary in the little parlour; only Willie half asleep, with a stupid book upon his lap, and a wretched candle guttering. Then, as a last hope, he peered into the dairy, where she often went at fall of night, to see things safe, and sang to keep the ghosts away. She would not be singing now of course, because be was ao cross with her; but if she were there, it would be better than the merriest song for him. But no, the place was dark ana cold, tub and pan, and wooden skimmer, and the pails hung up to drain, all were left to themselves, ana the depth of want of life Was over than. H She hatnn't been there for an hour." thought he; a reek o* milk, and not my lassie." Very few human beings have such fragrance of good-will as milk. The farmer knew that be had gone too fat in speaking coarsely of the cow, whose children first forego their food for th{B benefit of ours, and then become veal to please us. "My little maid is gone," said the lord of many cows, and who had robbed some thousand cows of their dear calves. " I trow I must make op my mind to Bee my little maid no more." Without compunction for any mortal cow (though one was bellowing, sadly in the dis tance, who had lost her calf that day), and without even dreaming of a grievance there, Master Anerley sat down to think upon a little bench hard hy. His thoughts were not very deep or subtle; yet to mm they were difficult, because they were so new and sad. He had always boped to go through life in the happiest way there is of it, with simply doing common work, and heeding daily business, and letting other people think the higher class of thought for him. To live as nature, culti vated qnite enough for her-own content, eitfoys the xound of months and years, the changes of'the earth and sky, and gentle slope of time subsiding to softer shadows and milder tones. And, moat of aU, to see hiB children, dntifuVgood, and loving, able and ready to take his place-when he should be carried fromfarmto churoh-to work the land be loved to vdl, and to walk in hit ways, and praLw him. But now he thought, like Job in his sorrow, "All these things ere again* tme." The air yrm laden with the aconta of autumn, rich and ripe and soothing?-the sweet fulfilment the year. The Bellow odour of stacked frbeat, tike stronger perfume of clover, the briMc emeu of apple* newly gathered, the distant hint of onions roped, and the luscious waft of honey, spread and hung upon the evening breese. ''What is thTgooa of all this," hie muttered, " when my little lassie is tone away, as if she had no father f' , T V Father l am not gone away. Oh father, * will goaway, if you will love me as; did.* kMNpAtoppedi-forthe short breath of was threatening to eatch her words; " nature'Wastoo like lier lathers to kmph over her, The sense of In herheart, ?* $rm and deep as Jttd kit lot® <1 justice quite u< f'rft ';N ! J; »...! « strong; only they.differed as to what it was. Therefore .Mary wpuld not sob natal she was invited. She stood in the arch of trimmed yew-tree, almost within reach of :hia artqs; and though it dark, he knew her face as if the sun was on it. . " Dearie, sit down here," he eaid ; "there - uBed J» be room for you and me, without two chairs, when you was iny child." " Father, I am still yonr child," she an swered softly, Bitting by him. " Were you looking for me just now ? Say it was me you were looking for." "There ia such a lot of rogaeB to look for; they skulk about so, and they fire the stacks-19 " Now, father, you never could tell a fib," 6he answered, sidling up closer up, and pre paring for repentance. " I Bay that I was looking for a rogue. If the cap fits"-here he smiled a little, as much as to say," I had you thereand then, with out meaning it, from simple force of habit, he did a thing equal to utter surrender. He stroked his chin, as he always used to do when going to kiss Mary, that the bristles might Be down for her. " The. cap doesn't fit; nothing fitB but you ; you-you-you, my own dear.father," she cried, as she kissed him again and again, and put her arms round to protect him. " Ana nobody fits you, but your own Mary. I knew you were sorry. You needn't say it, You are too stubborn, and I will let you off. Now don't say a word, father; I can do with out it. I don't want to humble you, but only to make you good; and you are the very best of all people, when you please. And you never-must be croBS again with your darling Mary. Promise me immediately, or you shall have no supper." " Well," said the farmer, " I used to think that I was gifted with the gift of argument Not like a woman, perhaps ; but still pretty well for a man, as can't Bpare time for speechifying, and hath to earn bread for self and young 'uns." " Father, it is that arguing spirit that has done yon so much harm. You muBt take things as Heaven Bencta them, and not go arguing about them. For instance, Heaven has sent you me." "So a' might," Master Anerley replied; "but without a voice from the belly of a fiah, I wunna' believe that He sent Bob Lyth." 