RADIANT MATTER. One of the most interesting and novel lines of scientific inquiry that have lately been pursued is that relating to what we may call molecular physics in a very high vacuum. Upwards of 60 years ago Faraday affirmed that if we could rarefy gases to such a degree that they would be as much rarer than gas at ordinary pressure as that is rarer than liquid, we should then find that the matter would exhibit properties as dinerent from those of gas as we know it as these are different from those of solids and liquids. And to the state of matter which he thus foresaw he gave in anticipation the name of "radiant matter." In late years Mr. W. Crookes has devoted a lengthened series of investigations in the direction suggested by Faraday, and has found them fruitful of highly remarkable results. The singular instrument named by Mr. Crookes the radiometer attracted a good deal of atten tion on account of the curious error to which its discoverer was led in explaining the phenomena it exhibited. The instru ment consisted of a glass tube containing atmospheric air in a Btate of extreme rare faction. Inside the tube was fixed what may be described as a very small windmill, the arms of which supported vanes. Mr. Crookes covered one side of these vanes with a pig ment absorptive of light, and left the other uncovered, and then allowed light to fall upon it The result was that the vanes began to turn, and soon got into a state of rapid motion. At the first glance the only explanation Beemed to be that the instrument proved that light was material, and it ap peared to demonstrate the truth of tne old. and now rejected, emissive theory of light, as against the undulatory theory now universally held. And, indeed, this was the explanation which Mr. Crookes himself gave of the phenomena. But there was one lact that was fatal to this explanation. Mr. Crookes found that if he carried the rare faction of the residual gas contained in the tube beyond a certain point there was no motion at all. But if the vanes were really acted upon by the direct impulse of light the motion ought to be more rapid as the atmo spheric resistance was reduced towards zero. Clearly a certain density of gas was essential to the production of the motion, and this fact made it necessary to look for an entirely different explanation. The explanation now accepted by all, including Mr. Crookes him self, is that the turning is produced by the recoil caused by the heated vane re ceding from the molecular current im pelled from its surface. The gaseous molecules, which are in a state of constant collision among themselves and upon the sides of the tube, and upon the surface of the vaneB, are repelled more vigorously by the Barface most heated, and the recoil is suffi cient to produce the movement. It is readily Been that the effect is identical with that which would result from a direct impact of the rays of light, and it is also easy to see that a certain pressure of gas, in other words, a sufficient number of contained molecules, is necessary to the production of the pheno mena. One great advantage of science over many other departments of intellectual labour is that its errorriiire as prolific of progress and truth as its correct insight. The correction of the first mistake in regard to this little instrument opened up a wide and rich field of discovery. Laying aside the exploded notion of a material impact of the rays of light, Mr. Crookes applied himself to the in vestigation of the physics of extremely tenuous gas in the Btate that Faraday ven tured to designate as radiant matter. His chief apparatus, or, we may say, his field of investigation, was the little instrument biown, after its inventor, as a Geissler tube. This is a tube containing air in an almost inconceivably high state of exhaustion carried to about the millionth of an atmo sphere. The two extremities of the tube are pierced by a metallic wire solidly sealed into the glass, by which an electric discharge can be passed through the intervening vacuum. Suppose now such a charge is passed, what may be expected to happen? All readers know that when a discharge is passed between two conductors through the at mospheric air it cuts its way-owing to the resistance it encounters-in a zigzag. But if the discharge is passed through the highly exhausted tube, it is not a spark which passes. The tube becomes illuminated al together, and the light is coloured according to the nature of tne gas remaining in the tube. And, now, before giving a brief sketch of the carious experiments made by Mr. Crookes, it may be well to lay Bhortly before the reader what is known of the molecular condition of gases. The atmospheric air contains, as is well known, abont four-fifths of nitrogen and one-fifth of oxygen, me chanically diffused through each other bo as virtually to compose one gas. This gas is made up of molecules of infinitesimal minuteness, all moving in Btraight lintw at the rate of some hundreds of feet per second. They are so crowded in the space they occupy that they are constantly coming into .collision, and recoiling, or rebonnding, or glancing off at undiminished speed and striking against the sides of the containing vessel. What is called the pressure of a gas is the result of all these multiplied shocks of this crowd of molecules keeping up an in cessant bombardment on the Bides. It is 5®W. J®®? that by compressing the gas into half its bulk you proportionately decrease the nee path allowed to each molecule and increase the number of molecalar on the Bides of the vessel. Conversely, by nnfying the gas you lengthen the avenge tree path of each molecule-that Is to say, tne distance which it can move in a straight line without .a collision with another molecule. By carrying this process of exhaustion to a very nigh degree the gaseons molecules have a considerable and appreciable path open to them, and we have as,the result matter in a new condition, or under ft new aspect We have " radiant matter." . letrrtam *o the Geissler tube m the hpnds of Mr. Crookes. Whoa the electric discharge is tnuumi^ though tube, and the diffused light is produced, it is remarked that around the negative pole there is a email dark space. If the rarefaction ia: increased this apace lengthens, and i| the exhaustion ip carried far enough it occupies the whole pf the tube, and the light ia only Been as phosphorescent on the glass. Nov, what is the cause of the light, and what is the meaning of the dark space! The ex planation of Mr. Crookes is that the light is produced by collisions of the electrically excited molecules witheach other. The dark Bpace around the negative pole re presents the Bpace which each molecute can travel without coming into collision with an- i other molecule, in other words, UB free path. The greenish light on the sides of the glass is a phosphorescence produced by the impact of the molecules. The radiant molecules, pro pelled by the discharge from the negative pole, move in straight lines like light, and their lawB of motion curiously conform in many ways to those of light. Coming in con tact with the negative pole they acquire a negative charge, and immediately ily off by reason of the mutual repulsion exerted by similarly electrified bodies. They fly off in a direction normal to the repelling Burface that is to say if the surface be a flat disc they fly from it in a line perpendicular to the surface. But let the negative pole be in the form of a small concave mirror, and what will then be their path ? Following the analogy of light they will be converged to a focus, and if the gas be rarefied there will be no light marking the line of transit of this ray save where the pencil of radiating mole cules converges in focus on the opposite end of the glass tube. There it produces the freen phosphorescence before described, fow let a small object, Bay a small piece of aluminium, shaped as a crosB, be placed in the trajectory or this radiant matter. The result is that the shadow of the crosB falls on the opposite end or aide of the tube exactly as though it was light instead of a stream of electrified molecules that was intercepted by the screen. The reader will see that the stream of gaseous molecules fall upon and, to use Mr. Crookes term, bombard the glass, and the phosphorescence is due to their im pact. And as they move in straight lines, the inter cepting screen produces a shadow exactly as though it were a ray of light that waa-under examination. With regard to thia phospho rescence a curious phenomenon appears. The glass gradually becomes less ana less sensi tive to the bombardment, and loses its power of becoming phosphorescent. For instance, take the case we have been supposing, in which we have the dark shadow of the cross standing in the midst of a space of green phosphorescent light If the cross is caused suddenly to fall flat so that it no longer intercepts the molecules, the space formerly occupied by the shadow is now visible as a bright green cross on a darker background. The part of the glass formerly occupied by the shadow, having been protected from bom bardment, now shines out with full intensity, whilst the adjacent parts of the glass have lost some of their sensitiveness, owing to Srevioua bombardment. In a recent paper y Mr. Crookes on this subject he observes " This effect of deadening produced on glass by long - continued phosphorescence was shown in a very striking manner at a lecture delivered at the Royal Institution on April 4, 1879, when the image of a croBs was stencilled on the end of a large pear shaped bulb. I subsequently experimented farther with this bulb4 and found that the image of the cross remained firmly stencilled on the glasB. The bulb was then opened, and the wide end heated in the blowpipe flame till it was quite soft and melted ouj of shape. It was then blown, out again into its original shape, and re-exhausted. On connecting it with the induction coil, the metal cross being down but of the line of discharge, the original ghost of the cross was Been to be still there, showing that the deadeningof the phosphorescingpo were of the glass produced by the first experiment at the Royal Institution had survived the melting up and re- blowing out of the bulb." The material character of the stream is shown by its being subject to deflection by the action of a magnet Mr. Crookes took a highly-rarefied tube, in which the course of the molecular stream was made visible by being allowed to graze a phosphorescent screen placed longitudinally in the tube. Ou this the stream became visible as a luminous line, and it became at once deflected by the application of a magnet to the middle of the tube. If we view this line as the track of a number of mate rial molecules propelled at high velocity, it follows that their impact should produce a mechanical effect in their line of flight as well as the luminous effects before noticed. This has been tested by Mr. Crookes in the following ingenious way. In one of his tubes he placed midway a couple of bearings sup porting a small wheel with vanes fixed in such a way that the ray of radiant matter would impinge on the upper vanes of the wheel. Directly the discharge was made from the negative pole the wheel commenced to turn from it, and if the current was re versed its revolution was first stopped and (hen reversed also. Radiant matter, then, in this state of electric excitement, can produoe the phenomena of light and of mechanical motion. But itought, according to the doctrine of the transformation of forces, to produce also heat at the point where the mechanical force ia arrested. The experiments of Mr. Crookes show that this is the case, and he has succeeded in fusing a piece of leaf of pla tinum by concentrating the molecular current by the help of a concave mirror. It may be femarked that these effects are all purely molecular and physical, and are not in any way affected by the chemical nature of the gas operated on. The results are the same whether the gas employed be hydrogen, atmospheric air, or carbonic acid, the only point of difference being as to the degree of exhaustion necessary to produce the pheno mena. Mr. Crookes said, in the course of his expe riments, that it was necessary to test the question, which could otherwise be asked, whether all theBe effects were not rather effects of electric force than of radiant matter. Admittedly a discharge of electri city takes place, and is it certain that these effects are not due to it, instead of to the molecular current it is assumed to impel t This question was brought to the test of a very Bimple but quite conclusive experiment In one tube he had two negative poles, and pas Bed a discharge from each, and took means for making the paths of the two visible as they proceeded side by aide. Now, if the luminous streams were merely two currents of the electric fluid, they would attract each otheT when moving in the same direction. On the other hand, if they ace streams of similarly electrically excited matter moving bi the same tube, and in the same direction, Amy will repel each' othef., and' the latter is the effect that was jptodacfed.' Indeed, it is known that in tubes exhausted to a degree that can be attained the electric discharge cannot be passed. Mr. Crookes, at the conclusion Of the address in which fas laid many of the results of his investigations before the British Association, adduced MI illustration to aid hia beare* :to comprehend Hhe , indeed OvOTfthelmihg, nnm(jet 0{! contained in,ei*y.a cubic inchof atm air at ordinary. .pteBtittre. Tiie. (MT, suggests itself to thetmeducatedmin tbe apparently Bcanty number of Z r left in a tube, exhausted to a millX1 of tbe atmosphere, can be adean»u," production of all these exttaoMi^ But, the reply is, you camiotioZl6?* ception of1 the immense number ' even when this degree of exha ^ attained. To enable his heaten afar off something of the va«t ntartB, quisite to express the molecule in 8pheriCLa|r, Mr. Crookea cited the a* small hollow glass ball of diameter 5in. This, exhausted toamittionthpirtJ mosphare, would still contain a qay (reckoned on the Continental a3 molecules. That is to say, amillion, plied three times by itself, unity {oil, 18 ciphers. This ball thus CrookeB supposed to be pierced by aw spark from the electric machine; thi would be a small microsoopic hole tt the glass. Through this microscopic i the molecules of the external air n, the glass, and, if we suppose that second of time a hundred millions ta the void-the Supposition is far belo»! actual rate, and iB only made to belt idea of thoBe immense numbers-ho' does the reader suppose it woold ream this little glass balloon to fill with &», ordinary pressure t An hour, a <Uy, 8, century ? It is necessary to rise i higher conceptions. It would be al eternity, and, assuming, saya Mr, i that the experiment had commence*, formation or our solar sytem, it would t completed at the time when the RuJl abundant, but not inexhaustible, sold heat, of light, and of force, had growjjj and extinct. 