THE? AMERICAN- WHEAT KING. » < \- Ths' World of" March' 24." Bays :—" The \- realisation of the pleasant anticipations of the • market, however, may be interrupted by other ,»• ...besides political, influences. For example, the snddoo break of the wheat ring at Chicago, or r « rather , of the unscrupulousspeculators who ♦:-;have been* trying to create a gigantio food monopoly in order to profit by artificially high . . prices, would not be without considerable . : effect.. There aro in this American ring a . . gang of leading stock speculators; aud if they wore to collapse in one department, their col lapse would extend its effects to the other as well. A collapse in the American stock market would then extend its inflence hero! There need be no pity for the adventurers who have been • trying to bring about an artificial grain famine in -.*•; Europe by withholding from the market thepro dace of the United States, if they should burst. 1 They are vulgar gamblers of the worst type. ' It was their threat to starve Europo by keeping 30,000,000 quarters of wheat that would have flowed thither in the natural courso stored-up J- in'America. But their avarice has overleaped itself. Prices have not gone up as thoy " 'counted. Theprice of red wheat at New York advanced to 1 dollar and 58 cents in December; but it declined in January to 1 dollar aud 4G .sents, and in February the prico was about the • ' same.' It is now certain to go lower ; and the members of the ring will be forced to sell their hoarded stores ax whatever they can get, in j1/; order/,to' . meet the bills now maturing, ^. withY the' proceeds of which the ring haa, been financed. Spring is a mouth i.'epxliet: than usual in America this year; ■ 'andintho earliest of the States it will be pos l " "Bible to estimate the probable supply of new \- wheat,within three months from date. Anyhow there is ho chance now of prices going higher; *-»-and the expenses connected with keeping the . wheatj including storage, insurance, interest, , not be much less than 30 Gents, por ''; bnsheL ;The grain must therefore be brought to market, and is now beginning to arrive; and : the speculators who meant to make enormous ' fortunes ont of starving Europe will fiud they \- are rained men: for thelosses of the ring mast • '•' be enormous. If they are (as we suppose) the •• same speculators who have been inflating the \- • stock and Bhare markets in America, the one will react on the other, and* the effect will be • - disturbing here as well for a time/' &«:•••«The Lost Tex Tribes."—The Rev. Jas. Gilbertssn delivered the first of the winter scries of lectures in the Chnrch of England . school house, "Valley, on Wednesday. • The attendance was large, and the chair was occn i. ypied by Mr. W. L. G. Drew. The subject of the ; lecture was the "British nation and the lost ten tribes," and was handled with great ability • and fairness. Though suffering from a bad -*• cold, Mr. Gilbertson discoursed for more than •" an hour, the attention of his auditory not fiag "'"ging for one moment. A wish was expressed by'some of those present for Mr. Gilbertson to " publish his lecture, as it will form a contribu :v;tion towards the elucidation of a subject now exciting much interest. Cordial rotes of ' thanks to the lecturer and chairman terminated the proceedings. It was announced that the "next lecture would be delivered by Bishop Hale on Friday, the ISth of Juno. Thb report of the Surgeon-Saperintendent of Woogaroo, for the week ending May 10, 'shows that there are now 531 inmates, includ • ing the Ipswieh branch. Four persons haro been admitted since last report and three dis charged. The Surgeon- superintendent desires < ;to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of a parcel of remnants of pompadour chintz, and .a quantity of pieces for patchwork from Mr. Hunro Smith, for the-use of the patients. 'CoNFiBXATlOK. — An old-fashioned 'Non con.* in Salford, who is evidently at home in f. theology, Thyme, and long syllables, recently ' "' sent the following reply to a circular inviting him to preparatory confirmation services ' Sir,—Your kind Invitation from the Chnrch . • of the nation to make preparation, by examina '• tion,for its conformation invites observation. I ' don't mean provocation, but your transplanta '\ tion of a Popish creation, needs reformation or 'great, alteration to bear some relation to re generation or sinners'salvation. It works but \- spoliation; 'Tis a gross imitation of misre presentation of true revelation. By : great "-demonstration yon make a sensation and gain j admiration by gay decoration that brings obligation and often vexation. Cease its propagation and without hesitation. Not fear ing damnation or incarceration I give con demnation to your confirmation. If this short : narration meets your approbation, I'll make application to have conversation on this con firmation without ostentation. Being lowly in station,! send this oblation in hope that my j nation may spurn such cantation by firm ■protestation.—Your faithful 'Parishioner.' I • protestation.—Your faithful ' Parishioner.' A, Ghost tst Love.—A farmer, who had. lately become a widower,-was aroused at mid ;. -night by. the loud barking of his .dog. On • " /going, to it the animal displayed extreme terror, * .whereupon the farmer took his gun 'and' pro ,ceeded to an inspection. All at once he saw a phantom'clothed in ajrhito sheet rise behind ;. the hedge. The farmer turned deadly pnle, \- and his limbs shook with dismay. He, how r.; ever, contrived to ejaculate, ' If you come from < C heaven, speak; if from the evil one, vanish !' Wretch,' exclaimed the phantom, 11 am your ;kdec^ed wifei come from the graivo to warn , you hot to mairy. Maria A—,' to whom you arc -making IoveV "The"only woman to succeed me is Henrietta B-. 'Marry her, or persecution and/eternal , torment shall be your , doom.' This strange address from the goblin, instead of dismaying 'the.farmer'restored his courage. .. He accordingly inshcd to the ghostly visitor, ... ,and, stripping off the sheet discovered the fair , ~ Henrietta B— herself, looking extremely ... foolish. Mt is eaid that tho farmer,' admiring j- - the girlVtrick, lias had the banns published for his marriage with her. 