EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various jour nals to hand :— Julian Thomas, the "Vagabond," will contest Wollombi at the next general elec tion. He is opposed to the present Go- vernment policy. A chinaman named Yung Gung was was found dead last week in a house in Castlereagh-street; it is supposed the man had smoked or taken an overdose of opium and died from the effects. The Victorian International Exhibition building is to be christened Carlton Pa lace. M. Leon Caron has been appointed conductor of the cantata for the opening ceremony. The Colonial Sugar Company's Mills at Harwood and Chatswortli Islands, now are crushing 3000 tons of cane per week. i At Adelong, last week, at the inquest on the body of Sin Lee Young, at Gra- : hamstown, a verdict of manslaughter was returned against M. M'Namara, who was thereupon committed for trial. " Zigzag" writes in the ' Echo':—Jones i became a victim to misplaced confidence the other day. His friend Williams, one of the most jovial fellows in the city, and who used to give such delightful parties, | met him in George-street, and addressed him in these words : " Oh, old fellow ; we are going to have a party on Wednes day, and I want you and Mrs. Jones, and your three daughters, to attend ; and, as ; we are dreadfully busy making prepara- i tions, would you mind obliging us by j going to Bassoon's and ordering the band ?" Guileless Jones, delighted at receiving in vitations, at once proceeded to Bassoon's and ordered a band of 10 performers from him. The party came off and was bril- i liant in the extreme. It was, however, the last straw that broke the camel's back. In a week after, Williams, in a subdued kind of way, was interviewing the Com missioner for Insolvency on matters of a very urgent private character—liabilities £10,000, assets £150, you know. Every one except Jones said it was a pity, and he did not join in the general chime of commiseration because, in addition to his providing new costumes for himself and family, the band made him pay £15 for the piping. He having ordered them was responsible for payment for their services, don't you know ? The ' Argus' of Monday states that Mr. J. Thomson, master of the British ship Trochrague, was arrested on board his ship in HobBon's Bay, by Detective Mackay, on a warrant for not appearing to answer a presentment charging him with a breach of the Merchant Shipping Act, in running down a catamaran in the Java seaB. Mr. Thomson was remanded to Melbourne, and appeared before Mr. Call, P.M., at the City Court on Satur day. He was admitted to bail, to appear at the next Criminal Sessions, in two sureties of £100, and himself in £200. The bail was at once forthcoming, and Mr. Thomson left the Court. The case had been previously heard before Mr. Panton who dismissed the charge, believing that it was made by certain of the crew to get away from the ship. The Melbourne correspondent of the ' Geelong Times' says :—" It is stated on the very best authority, that it is the in tention of Sir John O'Shanassy, as the leader of those in the country who de sired an addition to the Education Act, to , oppose every Government who will not make the concession of paying for secular results in other State schools. It is said that Sir John's challenge to each new Go vernment will be this :—' Yon want your Constitution Reform Bill passed ; we want our Education Reform Bill carried. Pass our bill for us, and if your bill is reason able we will assist you to carry yours.' I heard it stated by a person with authority that, if Mr. Berry returns to office at this juncture, Sir John O'Shanassy and those in the new Houbc who are prepared to support him will not allow anything to be done till a pledge is given by the Govern ment that some concession in the matter of education will be made to the Roman Catholics and the others who are dissatis fied with the Act as it now stands ; or an undertaking is made that a select com mittee or a Royal commission is appointed to enquire into and report upon the whole subject." The ' H. T. Mercury' relates the follow ing :—" The police are trying to find a clue to a discovery made the other day by the watchman at the Mount Bischoff Smelting Works, which fronts on the North Esk River, close to the Tamar Bridge. The tide was out, and the watch man was looking down on the sandbank, left bare close to the abutment of the bridge, when he saw something bright sticking up out of the sand. This led him to do a little rooting on the spot, when the cases of two gold and a silver watch and the rims of several brooches and other articles of jewellery were brought to light. The articles were handed over to the police; bnt, presum ing they formed part of some robbery, why the thief should have thrown them over the bridge instead of putting them in the melting-pot is a mystery." A little girl, seven years of age, lost her way on returning from school at Bruce dale, near Wagga. She was in the bush all night, the weather being extremely cold at the time ; and it is supposed to keep warm walked about Dearly all night. On the following morning she came upon the Southern railway line, which she very wisely kept until found by some navvies going to their work. It has been esti mated that the child must have walked nearly 20 miles. The courageous conduct at the sad Glenrowan affair of the Yery Reverend Dean Gibney, Vicar General of West Australia (says the * Melbourne Punch'), demands some public or Governmental recognition. He asks it, nay, he does not ask it at all ; but if he receives it it will be for the benefit of the purpose which has induced him to undertake his pious pilgrimage from the poorest colony of the Australian group to what is re putedly the richest. By a stroke of lightning, the act of God, as he puts it, a Catholic orphanage was destroyed to such an extent that it will take £1000 to re-establish it. Half that amount it would be impossible to raise in that impoverished community, and so he bent his footsteps hitherward. On that memorable Monday morning he was on his way by train to Albury for the purpose of his mission, when be heard at Glenrowan station of the occurrences going on in the imme diate vicinity. He left the train, break ing his journey to see if he could be of any assistance, or if hiB administrations, if necessary, could be of any avail. He could scarcely have been aware of the out laws' faith, and he was a stranger in our land. Being permitted to talk to the pinioned Kelly, he offered him, if he would entrust him with a message to the desperate men at bay within the hotel, recommending them to surrender, to face fire and walk to the door and deliver it. Kelly said : " Don't you go, your cloth won't cover you ; their blood is up, they are mad." He went, however, and bravely entered the hotel, and finding the miscreants dead, tried to rescue Cherry. It would be a graceful act toJ our poorer sister colony to send him,' when he goes home, .£100 or so richer, for the benefit of that wrecked orphanage/ the interests of which lie so near his heart. Private individuals, too, may be touched by his appeal. A lady friend of ours col lected £30 in a forenoon. Any contribu tions sent to the Very Reverend Dean, at the Presbytery, next to St. Francis', Lonsdale-street, will be gratefully ac knowledged. Grattan Riggs.—Of this great Irish actor, the ' Melbourne Argus' said:— "Mr. Grattan Riggs, who has been playing Irish characters in the United States for some years past with consider able approbation, made an entirely suc cessful first appearance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. Mr. Riggs possesses a mobile face of the O'Connell type—indeed in the third act he looks very like the great agitator—a pleasant brogue, an easy manner, and plenty of vivacity. "Shin Fane" manifestly de lighted an unusually large audience, and their expressions of applause were fre quent and fervent." The * Newcastle Herald' says :—We understand that the ' Murrurundi Times,' which has for some years past been looked upon as a leading journal in the Upper Hunter and Liverpool Plains districts, has changed hands, Mr. T. B. Boyce, the late proprietor, having sold out to Mr. J. Smith, late foreman in connection with the office. Mr. Boyce, it is stated, pur poses establishing himself in business in Sydney. The district he leaves will, un doubtedly, feel his absence as that of a gentleman who ever since the early days of Murrurundi's popularity had assisted materially in advancing the well being of his district. Mr. Boyce was formerly proprietor of the ' Singleton Argus.' x The following brief, but all-suggestive^ obituary notice, appears in a late edi tion of the ' Sydney Daily Telgraph' " Wentworth.—July 14, at Norwood, Eng land, Sarah, widow of the late W. C. Wentworth, of Vaucluse, Sydney, aged 75." The deceased lady, it need hardly | be said, waB the relict of a man—in all essential qualities a thorough man—and | one to whose intellect, probity, energy, and force of manly character the greatest of England's colonies, New South Wales, owes her indebtedness for a vast share of the pre-eminence that she is now in a po sition to boast of. " He was a man, in all respects a man, and could but ill be spared." ^ Dr. Bowker, of Sydney, has gone into partnership with a well-known medical gentleman. The Peak Downs copper mine continues j to be, worked steadily, and there is a pro- j liability of considerable progress in open ing up the mine shortly. I At Mount Gambier, recently, a wheaten j haystack, containing twelve tons, belong- i ing to Henry Mauly, a livery-stable- j keeper, was destroyed by fire, it is be lieved, maliciously. Mr. W. C. Kelk, of Bathurst, in pro- ! posing the toast of the Press, at the banquet given there lately in honour of the new Court House, concluded his speech as follows " When we recall the ability with which the press generally is conducted, and the solicitude of the i Government to make it an instrument ! free, pure, and powerful, I am sure you j will gladly respond to the toast I now j solicit." ' The ' Brisbane Observer' says Last | night (Thursday) a member of the Min isterial side of the House made quite as humiliating an exhibition of himself as did an Oppositionist the previous even ing, but there is far less excuse for him, and for his own sake, as well as the honor of the Assembly it is hoped he will never again he guilty of so conspicuous a breach of Parliamentary decorum. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :—Burnt to Death : Warden Hodgkinson has for warded to the Under Secretary for Mines, stating that a boy named Watson Allen Martin, five years of age, has been ac cidentally burnt to death at Gilberton. The ' Brisbane Courier' says :—A Breach of Privilege : It is rumoured that there is every probability of a very nice question being raised in the Legislative Assembly at an early date. There are honorable members who maintain that the action of the honorable member for Darling Downs in causing writs to be served on Messrs. M'U wraith and Palmer, with a view of unseating them, because of the interest held by them in the ship Scottish Hero, is taking the work of the Election and Qualifications Committee out of its hands, and is a breach of the privileges of Parliament. Some legal analogy, we think, exists in this matter to the action now being taken in Eng land in the Court of Queen's Bench to test the validity of Mr. Brad laugh's posi tion, despite the fact that the House of Commons has permitted him to take his seat. We have no lack of lawyers in our Legislative Assembly, and several other members of the House are well versed in constitutional authorities and Parliament ary procedure, therefore, if the subject comes up, some interesting debating and much flourishing of Todd, Sir Erskine May, and other great luminaries, may be expected ; but we fear that the practical result will not be very valuable to Parlia ment or to the colony. At the Police Court on Thursday (says the ' Western Star,' Qd.), before Messrs. Cattle and Carter, Michael M'Kernan, a Roman Catholic clergyman, was charged under the information laid by the Re gistrar of Births, Deaths, and Marriages (Mr. Maefarlane) with having, on the lyth June, unlawfully solemnised a mar riage contrary to the provisions of the Act, he not being authorised to celebrate marriages at that time. Mr. F. W. P. Thompson appeared for the accused, and pleaded guilty. He stated the facts to be that Father M'Kernan was expecting to be registered as a minister authorised to celebrate marriages, and he got a tele gram a few days afterwards stating that he was bo authorised. He (Mr. Thomp son) submitted that under the circum stances a small penalty would meet the requirements of the case. The bench ad judged defendant to pay a fine of £2 with 3s. 6d. costs. Sensible Advice from a Premier.—A wtat-*0n recently waited on the Premier at Wellington, concerning the great lack of employment. The Premier heard the story of some members of the deputation, and was finally tackled by a certain coachman who complained of having been brought to the colony under false pretences, and grumbled that he had been asked to cart coals as part of his duty, and consequently left. The honor able the Premier exclaimed: " Dear me, I carted coals and other things when I came to the colony, and I was never the worse for it. When you come to a new country you should not be particular about drawing coal. I should have been no better off than you if I had been par ticular about such things." Reports from Superintendent Hare and ! Superintendent Sadlier relative to the destruction of the Kelly gang have (says the ' Argus') been received by the Chief Secretary. With regard to the non rushing of the building, Superintendent Sadlier says " We had ascertained from the escaped prisoners that the two out lows, Dan Kelly and Hart, were still alive, and that Byrue was dead. These two survivors were called on several times to surrender, and on their failing to do so, several of the police repeatedly appealed to me to let them rush the building. This I would not permit for various reasons, chiefly that the party rushing in could not be supported by those outside; that a long narrow passage through the house had to be traversed before the outlaws— whose exact position in the building was not known—could be reached ; that they could not be knocked over, on account of the armour, until the police actually had their hands on them ; that I knew they stall had large supplies of ammunition ; that there was yet several hours daylight; and that the final capture or destruction of the two outlaws was a matter of cer tainty. I therefore held to the determin ation, though uuder considerable difficul ties, to sacrifice no life in this way if it could be avoided." Inspector Hare, in bis report of the capture to the Victorian authorities, says :—" With regard to the reward offered for the apprehension of the offenders, both by this Government and that of New South Wales, I trust that a board ^ will be appointed to decide to whom it is to be paid, and that the constables and trackers who were engaged at the destruction of the gang will be al lowed to partake of a portion, especially those who accompanied me from Benalla. I need hardly say that I decline to partici pate in any of the rewards already offered for the capture of these outlaws.'' About 10 days ago, as a man named Buxton, wbo'is working for Mr. C. E. Rowe, of Yarrangobilly, was leading a horse along a narrow ledge of rock, be neath which was a sheer precipice, the poor animal missed its footing and fell about 250 feet into the stream below, and was killed. We do no not wish to emphasise the fact unduly (says the ' Maitland Mer cury ), for men ought to do right and scorn its consequence. But we should be glad if it were remembered as a pleasant incident in the honourable life of the Parliament now near its end, that the Colonial Trea surer, Mr, Watson, would have been a sufferer as a mercantile man, if the wool export duties had been carried. William Jack, a selector near Nanango, m Queensland, has committed suicide by shooting himself. A few weeks ago (says the • Braid wood Dispatch) a lad named George Mundy ' purchased a mare from a resident of this j town, and since then has been constantly ' working her. On Saturday he turned ! her out near Jellamatong, and on Tuesday he found her dead, with her throat cut. The * Went worth Telegraph' states that a Mrs. Wade and her infant were drowned in the Darling River, near Cuthero, on Sunday last. We learn, from the ' Chronicle,' that Mr. and Mrs. George Watson and family, of Young, were on board the Hydaspes when that vessel collided and went down off Dungeness. Happily all on board were saved. The ' Herald' says The ten escaped French Communists, who recently reached Queensland, and were arrested by the police of that colony, have arrived here, and are now incarcerated in Darlinghurst gaol, where they will remain till the de parture of the City of Melbourne for Noumea, on the 31st instant. It tran spires that, upon the arrival of the es capees in Queensland, they made no secret of their past proceedings, and re ported themselves to be Communists. The French Consul, however, in this city, had been apprised of the escape of the men, and his information sets them down as ten of the worst description of crimi nals. The Consul has information of the escape from the island of eight other con victs of a similar character. Great sympathy is expressed in Ade laide for the wife of Crispin, who was killed last week, at Port Victor. At the time of the occurrence she was on her way from Melbourne to join her hus band. The ' Shoalhaven News' understands that Mr. E. Glanville, of Bamerang, re cently captured with his two excellent dogs, Jimbo aud Dart, an immense sized kangaroo. It measured 8ft. Gin. from tail to head. The tail, when skinned, weighed over 121bs., and carcase upwards of 2501b. The ' Wilcannia Times* says A Sad Case : On the morning of the 17th iust., at about one o'clock, a Mrs. Leek, wife of a contractor up the Paroo, left the house of Mrs. Denley, where she was stayiug, and has not since been heard of. Site had only been confined six days, and it was said she had been suffering From milk fever. On the day previous she expected a letter from her husband, but not getting it it preyed so much upon her mind that she was almost distracted, and shortly after one o'clock in the morning she was missed from the house, and had appa rently left it with no other clothing upon her but her nightdress and a pair of slip pers. The alarm was at once given, but, up to the ^present, her whereabouts has not been discovered. The Obley cor. of the 'Dubbo Dispatch' writes: —A case of considerable import ance to dwellers on the road side occurred here, on the visit of our popular P.M., when a selector, living out at Ten-mile Hole, was summoned for selling a team ster some meat. This, in itself, appears a very harmless transaction ; but mark the result—the defendant was fined £10, to be recovered by levy, &e.;, or three months—a dear sale of a few pounds of meat, but should act as a caution to all who live^ on a road-side to take out a slaughtering license. The ' Goulburn Herald' says :—On Friday morning, as a young man was walking along the East side of Auburn street, opposite Mr. Hollis's chemist shop one of the scaffold poles of the new Go vernment buildings fell, and, grazing bis shoulder, knocked tbree boxes of cigars which he had in his left hand, to the ground, completely destroying them, and ruining their contents. Had the pole fallen three inches nearer the street it would have struck the man on the head the result of which would probably have been fatal. "JSgles" writes:—When some one said to a very good fellow who professes sympathy with the Berry people, " Your party don't seem to get up the steam in the usual way this election !" "A word in your ear, said He, with a knowing twinkle of the eye, "the fact is, we haven't got the coals !" The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says — Eloquence in the Dock : The senior of the two prisoners Rose, tried and convicted of house-breaking at yesterday's sittings of the Circuit Court, treated the jury to a most extraordinary display of eloquence. He addressed them de omnibus rebus et quibusdani aliis for nearly three- quarters of an hour, during which time much of hiB utterance, being moat affectingly gut tural, was lost in the reporters' box. He started by stating that he had known Senior Sergeant Downie, who is 35 years of age, 2S years ago, when he was tried and convicted, under another name, in Glasgow, for forgery. He was then trans ported, and this prosecution was all the outcome of Downie's malice, because he the prisoner, had asked him if he were still as expert with the pen as he was when a youth. He accused the police of j suborning witnesses, and showing great I favour to two " respectable felons," in the i shape of two well- dressed forgers, who ' were not handcuffed, while he and his companion were. He said that he was the son of a minister, and had enlisted be fore he was fourteen years of age. " I have been, gentlemen," said he, " in the Spanish War, in the Crimea War, and the Chinee War. I have been in 32 engage ments, and my body is covered with scars." He went into a history of the manner in which the British Government hired political writers to attack foreign powers, and cause wars. In spite of the remonstrance of Judge Lilley, he ex pressed great regret for having been an instrument of butchering men in the Chi nee War, where thousands of Chinese were " massacreed before his eyes." He dwelt on this most feelingly, and referred again and a£ain* condemned the Queensland Government in most un measured terms. There were far more public-houses in Toowoomba than there were butchers, bakers, and grocers, all for the sake of the ,£30 license. In fact working men were ruined, and the whole place eaten up, and honest men put in the dock, and everything in the shape of lying and perjury done, in order that a pack of useless Government officials might live. He concluded ln's speech by an appeal to God as his judge. The Chief Justice, in summing up, remarked that the prisoner had abused the English Government at a great rate, and "also abused their own Government. "In fact, said His Honor, " we might sup pose that he had just escaped from the Legislative Assembly." The ' Echo' says The people of West Maitland are trying a costly and very doubtful experiment. The Government have given them £7000, and they have raised £3500 themselves, " for protecting the banks of the Hunter River at West Maitland from the encroachment of floods. The way they have gone about this is very simple. They hare hurled an incalculable number of drayloads of stones into the river to form a foundation for j themselves by the force of gravity and the action of the stream, and to constitute a rough stone embankment on the Hi I street side of the river. They have ex hausted the Government money on this process, and in another month they will have exausted their own : but with what result can only be learnt after the next | flood or two shall have tried their work j of what sort it is." The ted of the river consists of loose soil many feet deep the rich gift of myriads of floods and the source of the prolific crops of Hunter River lucerne and maize. A stone em bankment on such a foundation looks very much like " building a bouse upon the sand, and £10,500 for such a purpose has the appearance of literally throwing money into the sea. But the river is very capricious, aud possibly this rough-and ready sort of engineering may suit9its va riable moods better than the most ap proved scientific methods. If it -does not succeed, the taxpayers of the colony have one source of comfort in the condition attached to the £7000 grant. It is " sub ject to the condition that tho remainder of the necessary funds shall be subscribed from other sources." The people of West Maitland^ had better look out, for the cost of failure, according to the proviso, will fall on them and not on the general public purse. Telegram from Melbourne, in ditto :— A man, about 60 years of age, was found shot in the Treasury Gardens, about 2 0 clock this morning. A shot was heard previously, but the body was not found until some time after by the police. 1 here is no doubt that the case is one of determined suicide, as a pistol was found firmly clasped in one hand.—A fire took jilace at half-past 2 this morning on the premises of Colin and Co., cordial manu facturers, Little Collins-street. Mr. Colin was on the premises at the time, and was taken out insensible ; but soon recovered. The fire was soon extinguished. The ' Sydney Daily Telegraph' says :— Singular Case of Madness: Our Ray mond Terrace correspondent relates the following extraordinary case of madness which occurred on the 13th instant in that locality. It appears that a bullock driver, in the employ of Thomas M. Adar?' *'le Terrace Sawmill, went mad, killed some of his bullocks with an axe, and brutally ill-used two fellow drivers. On the news being brought into the town ship, Senior Constable O'Sullivan and Constable Brooks, accompanied by Mr. S£ ^ ^^erson, proceeded to the scene of the disturbance, about six miles dis tant. On the Strout-road they came across two bullocks, one dead, with the skull stove in, and the other in a dying condition. They then went to the camp, which was about three miles further on, and there found a man named Acheson with his eye very much bruised by a blow from a whip handle, and another named Bain, who had been stunned, but had just recovered, he having been struck on the head with the same weapon. The bullock driver who had done all the mis chief was also present, and was arrested by Senior Constable O'Sullivan, and con veyed to the Raymond Terrace lock-up. He was subsequently brought before the Police Court, and remanded for the pro duction of evidence. The ' Tamworth News' says :—Sudden Death : On Monday, July 19, at Mr. Aisbett's " Carriers' Home'' Hotel, be fore Mr. Coroner Irving and a jury of twelve, an inquest was held touching the death of James Noble, of Spring Creek, near Goonoo Goonoo. From the evi dence of deceased's wife and a man named Robert Foreman, who had been working with deceased, it appears that on Friday night, after a hearty supper, Noble weDt to bed. Towards midnight he complained of being very ill and of I suffering great pain, .with difficulty of . breathing. About two o'clock he died. He was 50 years of age, but looked 60. He had been much depressed in mind of late, owing to losses and pecuniary diffi culties. He had drunk a good deal in his time, but not recently. Dr. W. H. Wood deposed that he had discovered, by post mortem examination, that there was fatty degeneration of the heart, liver, and kidneys, and ossification of both valves of the heart, quite sufficient to cause sudden death. He considered heart disease to be the cause of death, which would be accelerated by an over loaded stomach. He could not say that death was the result of intemperate habits, but such habits would produce the dis eases he had named. The jury fouud | that deceased died of heart disease.—An other inquest was held at the Attunga Inn, touching the death of one James Millar. The following verdict was re turned :—" That James Millar came to his death on the 18th July, at Limestone Sheep-station, from the effects of the poison called strychnine, most probably administered by deceased himself; that he was suffering from the effects of drink ing ; and that there was no evidence at taching blame to anyone but the deceased himself." Also :—A Little Joke: A local attor ney instructed his clerk, a bright young chap of some 19 summers, to fill up a plaint for the coming District Court, and told him to charge the interest on a pro. note " from the date of maturity to the date of the Court." The " boss" was surprised, on inspecting the plaint, to find that the embryo lawyer had written the item thus—"To interest on pro. note from the day of maturity to the day of judgment !" We should like to see Judge Meymott dealing with that plaint. Also :—Narrow Escape : As Mr. R. B. Dixon, formerly of Drildool, was driving a rather skittish pair of horses across the awkward gutter near the post-office, on Wednesday, a swingle-bar and the pole broke, and the horses dragged Mr. Dixon out on to the ground, bruising his shoul der rather severely. The horses got away, but were soon recovered. Mrs. Dixon, who was in the buggy, showed unusual presence of mind, and made no fuss. Fortunately the trap did not upset. The ' MANNING RIVER TIMES' very pro- perly remarks :—" Don't Put Me in the Paper" : We are occasionally asked to take no notice of cases in the police court in which quasi-respectable persons are embroiled. We can only make the reply of the American editor under similar cir- cumstances—" If you don't want the soot, keep out of the chimney."—[This is a re- quest that editors often have to deal with.] Melbourne, Thursday.—In the Vic torian Assembly, after members had been sworn in, Mr. Lalor was proposed as Speaker. Mr. Bent opposed his nomina tion, calling Mr. Lalor a rebel to the Crown. The Premier moved the ad journment of the House till Tuesday. Mr. Berry objected, and gave notice that he would move on the following day a motion of want of confidence. Mr. Service objected, stating that the Governor would formally open the House on Tuesday. Mr. Berry's motion was carried. The Ministerial supporters are not likely to be present. The ' Echo' says :—Mr. Berry has made a bad start. On all sides he has been ad vised to exercise moderation and com mon sense. He himself published a pro gramme during the recent elections, the first item on which stated that the Libe rals intended to follow the example of the House of Commons. But, judging from the exhibition of last night, all this i was mockery and pretence. The rule is that the first serious business of a session shall be the Governor s speech. The action of Mr. Berry was to force a mo tion of want of confidence before the Governor had an opportunity of present ing his speech. This action was a pro posal to supersede as well as to antici pate the Governor's deliverance, and cannot be regarded in any other light than that of violation of Parliamentary rule and an act of gross discourtesy to the representative of the Crown. Even Sir John O'Shanassy has declared his ob jections to the action of Mr. Berry, and here is the first split in the new majority. These two gentlemen have also differed on the education question. Mr. Berry has offered concessions. That is to say he is prepared to let the Education go by the board if his party will consent. But the concessions do not suit the Catholic chief. Sir John wants Denominational schools brought under the Education Act, and will be satisfied with nothing less. This Mr. Berry dares not promise, but he is prepared to sacrifice the Education Act, nevertheless : and this is the man whom all good Liberals are expected to admire ! About 70 gentlemen attended a banquet given to Mr. John Davis, M.P., at Mud gee, last Thursday evening. Unmasking a "Ghost."—The 'Bathurst Free Press' states that in the Western portion of the town is situated a piece of ground on which a building is erected. This property has been in the occupation of a man whom we will call Ghost for a length of time, and the lawful owner up to the present has been unable to eject him. Being afraid that the law may shortly be put in force, and that he may be compelled to give up possession, Ghost has been adopting certain plans in order that the value of the property may be de preciated. The property has either been purchased or is under offer, and, in order to frighten any person from purchasing the premises, the man has lately been moving about the paddock near the street covered with a large white sheet, thus at tempting to lead people to believe that the place was haunted, and that the rest less spirits were exercising themselves after nightfall. This scheme of his suc ceeded to his own satisfaction for a time, until a few nights ago a young man was passing the spot referred to, when sud denly he saw what he took to be a ghost. He was alarmed, and in his fright stood motionless in the street, when, seeing the "spirit" moving towards him, he became still more alarmed. He had with him a faithful dog, and, calling the animal by name, told him to "take to him." The ! dog obeyed Lis master's, command, and made straight for the " spirit," who, "no-1 ticing the turn matters had taken, endea voured to seek shelter in the house, but, before he had gone far, the dog seized the sheet with which he was covered, tearing ! it from top to bottom, and exposing to view the body of the man. The dog then made for his legs, and gave the ghost some severe bites. The spirit tried to kick the dog off, and while doing this the young man, who by this time had reco vered from his fright, threw a stone at him and struck him in the small of the back. The additional pain caused by this blow made the man cry aloud, and use language the reverse of polite. Mrs. Austin, widow of the late Thomas Austin, is the donor of the £6000 towards the Melbourne hospital for incurables, and she now intends to build the institu tion at her own expense. The marriage is announced, at Wilcan nia, recently, of Mr. Edward Bulwer Lyt ton Dickens, a Bon of Charles Dickens, the celebrated writer, and Miss Dessailly, daughter of Alfred Dessailly, Esq., of Netallie station. The ' Cairns Advertiser' Qd., says :— New Discovery on the Clohesy : Consi derable excitement has been caused by the exhibition of some very rich gold- bear ing quartz brought into town on Saturday last, by Mr. Daniel Cook from the Clohesy. This indefatigable miner, who has been working by himself, deposited at the bank 79 ounces of gold, which he accumulated in Frank Brown's celebrated gully at Tina roo, amongst which were some large nug gets, of which particulars were given at the time in this journal. Since that period he has been prospecting, and his persever ance and labour have, apparently, been rewarded by the discovery of the reef in question, situated 28 miles from Cairns, on the Clohesy River, contiguous to the main road to the Tinaroo tin mines. The reef is described as being from 18 inches to 2 feet 6 inches, and can be traced half a mile. A 4 foot hole has been sunk, and Mr. Cook has also found gold along the surface of the reef, a distance of 80 yards from where he is working. The speci mens exhibited are so well Btudded with the precious metal that the excitement they have caused is quite justifiable, and a company of six persons have been formed, who propose working the reef systematically. Our readers will be fur nished with the results of this discovery as they occur. The * Cooktown Courier' says :—Our readers will probably recollect that some time ago a carrier named Alexander M'Eenzie started for Port Darwin over land, accompanied by two men named John Angus and John Barry. They had in charge 25 draught horses, the waggons being forwarded per steamer. Intelligence has reached us that Angus and Barry both perished on the road, M'Renzie reached M'Minn's camp, on the telegraph line, nearly naked, and in a famished con dition. All of the horses were lost. M'Kenzie eventually got to Port Darwin. Angus is supposed to have been lost on the Nicholson river not far from Burke town. Some hope was indulged in that Angus might hare reached the settled dis tricts, but so long a time has elapsed since the disaster that it is abandoned, and thus another chapter is added to the dire his tory of life sacrificed in the wilds of Aus tralia. At the recent Toowoomba Assizes, P. J. Donovan was found guilty of perjury, and was sentenced to fire years' hard labour on the roads. The case was a bad one, as it involves the character of a young girl. The Wagga Borough Council met last Thursday afternoon. The matter of the premium of £100 for the best design for a Town Hall was postponed for a fort night. The delay is to take place, to allow the Council to obtain professional advice in order to reach a better deci sion. An extraordinary case, heard at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, Perth, has resulted in the acquittal of a man named William Richardson, who was arraigned charged with having murdered an aboriginal girl named Jenny, on the 9th January, near Arlnoo, Western Aus tralia. Deceased and her husband formed part of prisoner's escort, driving a mob of cattle over a dry and desolate country from Ningen to Three Springs, and evi dence showed that Jenny had used some of the drinking water to refresh her dogs that followed. Prisoner hit her on the head, and being frightened she lagged he hind. Later on, prisoner retraced liis steps, and subsequently returned with his saddle flaps cut off. and blood stains on his person. Remnants of the body were afterwards found. Dr. Charles B. El liott, of Geraldton, deposed to finding the 1 neck dislocated, and a deep knife wound in it. A couple of dead dog pups were ymg alongside of it, the remains being covered with bushes, and were nearly de voured with largo ants and wild dogs, the flesh hanging in shreds. Prisoner, on being arrested, said, "I know who mur dered Jenny, but I cannot prove it. I wiU astonish the colony before I die " The evidence of several black trackers who traced the footprints for miles was taken, and prisoner was finally acquitted. The Temora Rush continues to create great excitement in the Newcastle district and already a good many have left Walls end and Lamb ton, and several leading hotel keepers and miners are said to be preparing to start. Saturday's ' E. News' says :—The Seri ous Assault Case: The victim of the case of serious assault (an old woman named Harriet Rice), reported in our columns on Thursday, died at her resi dence at 25 minutes past 1 o'clock this morning, from erysipelas, consequent UP°° tbe wound received on the back of the head alleged to have been inflicted by her husband, Thomas Rice. From I what reliable information we have re- i ceived, it would appear that, on the after noon of the 16th instant, the deceased aud her husband had a quarrel that ter minated in his pushing her against a side board. The back part of the woman's head came heavily in contact with a sharp edge of the sideboard, through which a ! large wound was caused. The wound bled i extensively, and was treated at the In firmary. Immediately upon learning the I result of his violence, Rice left the pre mises, and has not been since seen or i heard of, though the poor woman's death ' was not expected to ensue ; but gradually she became worse, and as soon as erysipe- j las Bet m the services of Dr. Fortesque were availed of. On Wednesday she be rime unconscious, aud on Thursday it was thought advisable to have the poor wo man s depositions taken, and the police were so informed. It appears that the woman s condition would not permit of her depositions being taken when the ma- ! gistrate and Sub Inspector Waters pro ceeded to her residence, the Cricketers' ! Arms, for that purpose on Thursday, when a representative of this office was informed that the woman's condition was not dan gerous, and that there was every prospect of her recovery, though we have it on good authority that at that time the wo man was unconscious, and in a dyin» con dition. An enquiry into the circumstances attending the death of the woman will be held, and the police are endeavouring to find the whereabouts of the husband. ( Also : About 7 o'clock last evening a I man named James John White, described as a tide-waiter, was found on the floor of his room, No. I, St. John'B-terrace, St. John s-road, Glebe, by tlie landlady, Mrs. OMara, with his throat cut. Dr. Day was called in, but found that life was extinct. Constable Stapleton examined the room, and found a razor covered with blood beneath the bed ; and it is sup posed that the deceased used it as a means of taking his own life. The only reason at present assigned for the deed is, that a short time ago he was discharged from the Government service, and the fact preyed on his mind. The deceased leaves a wife and two children. The 'Forbes Times' is informed that the jury who sat in a recent sheep steaiing case at that place, went into court at half past nine in the morning, and were not supplied with anything to eat until six in the evening. After tea they had to sit till nearly 11 o'clock, when they retired, but, not being able to agree, were locked up for the night, until a quarter past nine the next morning. During that time they were without food or drink, and had to pass a bitterly cold night with out blankets. Jurors openly avow that j Booner than be subjected to such length ened misery again, they will pay the usual fine of £2 for non-attendance. Friday's 'E. News' BaysSerious Charge: At the Central Police Court this morning, before Messrs. Crane and Reading, two men named Charles Francis Burdett alias Widow Welch, described as a medical practitioner, residing in Liver pool-street, Woolloomoooloo, and Edmond Joseph Norris, a watchmaker, renting a shop in George-street West, were charged with administering a certain noxious drug for the purpose of procuring abor tion. Senior Constable Keatinge stated the principal witness was too ill to ap pear, and the case was remanded until Thursday afternoon next, at 2 o'clock. Bail refused. The Clareucetown correspondent of the ' Maitland Mercury' states the following snake story :—The other day Mr. Gagin, after felling a dead tree that had been struck by lightning, began to cut off a hollow branch which had stood 60ft. from the ground. On drawing his saw he no ticed that he was cutting flesh as well as wood, and, upon examination, discovered that he was severiug a snake in two. Another snake in a state of numbness was found in an adjacent spout of the tree. Both snakes were of a green colour, regular tree-snakes, more frequently found further North. In the laBt issue of the ' Melbourne Review,' the editor has an article on " The Decline of Matrimony in Victoria." He attributes this decline more to the men than the women, and suggests, in part of solution of the domestic difficult ies which beset young couples, that the rich papas should build two or three fi.-at rate hotels after the American fashion, and thus enable their young people to take comfortable suiteB of apartments where they could live respectably in the bonds of matrimony at a moderate outlay of from £3 to £5 a week for board and lodging. It is a little doubtful whether this would be found a sufficiently radical cure for the kind of decline in matrimony which undoubtedly prevails among what may be called the higher classes. The delineation of the character of Ned Kelly given by Professor NiBmhi at Wan garratta six years since, as published in the ' Wangaratta Dispatch,' is as follows : —"The head of Ned Kelly is non- intel lectual. The base of the skull, with the whole basiller section cf the brain, is a massive development of the lower animal proclivities, and which, being vastly in ex cess of the moral sectional measurement, inclines him to the perpetration of sensual animal vices, and which, with an adverse facial angle, prompts him to the com mission of vicious brutal acts of outrage and aggressiveness. He has large organs of self esteem and love of approbation, which gives self-conceit and vanity. If the one be wounded or the other he mor tified, animal nature knows no bounds. He would be likely, under sudden sur prise, to commit the grossest outrage ; and, being uncontrolled by any moral sentiments, stamps his character as wolf ish and ravenous, his notion of moral right giving him a dangerous range of ac tion." About 10 o clock on Thursday night (says the ' Argus') a shot was beard in the Treasury Gardens by the policeman on duty, who at once made a search for the person who had fired it, without, how ever, making any discovery. About 2 o'clock next morning, two other police men, who had been searching for some time for the cause of the shot, discovered the body of a man, about GO years of age, lying on its back in a secluded part of the garden. There was a wound in the side •of the head, which had evidently caused instant death, and it was a most decided case of suicide, as the right band held firmly a single barrel pistol, which had caused the death. The body was respect ably dressed in brown tweed trousers and vest, light-grey tweed coat, dark over coat, and elastic- Bide boots. It was iden tified as that of a Mr. Drew, of Adelaide, who is reported to have met with reverses of late. " Zigzag" writeB in the * Echo':— Among other grim articles in the win dow of a metropolitan undertaker is the picture of a gravestone on which is in scribed, " Sacred to the memory of 1880 ; not yet dead, but soon will be." No doubt this witty epitaph will attract great notice to the enterprising hatband, but whether in the hour of bereavement it will induce people to engage the services of Buch a jocose personage is not quite so certain. Perhaps this same artist wrote the inscription on the headstone of a grave in one of our cemeteries not far from Syd ney. It runs, "Here lies Ann Tromp," and beneath these words follow, " An honest man the noblest work of God." Also :—The other day a very pretty girl, who boasts a profusion of golden ringlets, went to have her photograph taken, and when the proof came home she was the centre of a group of friends. She cast one look at the picture, and with a little scream fainted away. Her hair had come out black, and the secret of her life was unveiled to her loving companions. Whether it was "auricoma" or "aureo line," or what other preparation she used to give her locks their sunny sheen, she never disclosed, and the very fact of her hair being dyed had until then been a secret. But the apparatus, which, ac cording to Salem Scudder, " can't lie," rudely tore down the veil, and next day every one in her circle knew it. The ' E. News' says :—It is not often that a Governor can be blamed for extra vagances, but there seems good reason for thinking that his Excellency the Act ing Governor of Queensland iB going to excess in his liberal expenditure, and it iB not only bringing into strong relief the parsimony of .his predecessor, but is ren dering it impossible for a Governor to maintain the ordinary state which his sa lary would warrant without suffering by comparison with the generous President of the Legislative Council. There is often much unreasonableness in regard to the expenditure of colonial Governors, and many people would not be satisfied un less their Excellencies spent twice as much as they receive from the State. Nothing can be more unfair to the dis tinguished gentlemen who are at the head of the colonial service, and colonists ought to be ashamed to ask for more than they pay for. All that can be fairly expected is, that a Governor, after putting by a reasonable percentage, should spend the bulk of the allowance he receives from the colonial treasury in the colony itself. Our Queensland friend says that Sir Ar thur Kennedy only spent a small fraction of the £8000 which he received, but on the other hand it is no secret that Mr. J. P. Bell is largely exceeding the rate of expenditure, and he should bear in mind that the gentlemen appointed from time to time by the colonial office to rule over Queensland have not rich stations in the Darling Downs and elsewhere from which to draw revenue to maintain a vice-regal conrt at Brisbane. Mr. Henniker Heaton's health con tinues to improve. There are very strong hopes of his recovery now enter tained. 