An Xaster Trlp- (K&dly; contiibnfed by J. Henderson, EortAdebudrA . At Port Adelaide, in South Australia, we have a Chess Clnb which, althnngh little msfe than-a year in existence, already en joys. ' a vuorons life. ' Soon alter its first start we challenged the old estoblishnd Adelaide club" to play a match of six players n ads; and' although onr six comprised nearly an oar' numbers, we managed to score two games to onr adversaries' three, the sixth gameFting left - (and still remaining) - nnrieoided: Oar next attempt was -by telegraph with the Moonta Mines dub, one which althnngh weak in nnmbere is strong In fodividnel " pkyere,oomprlritigai itdoes the wtiUknown problematist who signs " H. AnstaU," and \- at least two other vnry etrnogqdayers. Since, the Adelaide match wa. had:, bend working hard, and from thn Miners we wrested w hard won victory: two games to Pbrt," one to Moonta Mines, and one drawn. - Aftsr thhi . we trisd-AdahrideuWgBin. By tola, timenni name bad become more known, and ' Ade'- motish ns. Beat 'ns they certainly did, bnt not dingraoafnlly, aa whan all was done- the Add side score stood three, Port two, andane draw.. - ffranuthantrength of tbs A del side players we looked upon this aa triumph. Ho doubt- -in fatare' vCari, when myth has \-- worked its way wito. that famous hsttie, the dasoacdaats of the vaoqniahed will speak of ft aa a victory, mnnh aa onr A merman friends soore Banker's Hill as a battle gaiaedlrrthf Revolutionary war. We trust- thai like Banker3! Hill fight, onr ghmnns defeat has frightened on wnemias, mid that when we meet foem. again onr. :mrating will reehltto victory aa weU as triumph. All through last yeas puctins baa been dffigeniiy kept op amongst onr members, and we hare been fortanate enoogh to com- moaoetfae aeeond year into a oorriderahle dhteim of new adherents, aometrf whom I in ikno and the eemeluier' pecmishtg I while intmaat In the game has been steadily kept op by toe original imsiilsaa. When, therefore, some enterprising Individual pro posed that a travelling deputation should i take advantage of the Hatter holidays and ' I visit Yorka'a Peninsula our great .-copper I mining district) to pUnstthanatitM oppo- nrehidtoMtoimfa %amdw»nteith the | dabs at Wallaroo and EmBeaYn toefmme- I ditto vicinity, the proposition wis received | with enthusiasm, and when (as in the similar 1 -co-US in one of Dbkatis reeariooi j histories) tha selected team prppcredito pay I their own expenses, enthnrisam rose to I - - Ik vaa . miaulnifmalp waa/ilvml to. tony be empowered to represent the j dab as long as they pleased, on the same j terms, and in any part of this civilized world, I from Jericho to Hong Hong. On Good Friday morning the team started I by train, bnt, unfortunately. Instead of' six players only fire were able- to go, the wretched sixth being detained bythe nrgant I claims of an attack of rheumatism. . The I present writer oongrstolatad himself, that no I " funny man" was to tha party, bnt before I I long he found cot hb mistake. Oh change ! I I stupendous change 1 All toe steady old I stagers had blonomed and borne jocular I fruit before many miles had parted them I from the scene of their daily labors. The i Hmnt!nnmnt wu (mrinnkJinits faetie nnn. almost repudiated by the author Of its bring ; I then tire oomtc conundrum with- more assn- I ranoe ; and lastly the fall-bodied Joe Mfl-ri— i. ottered with eelf-oonfident audacity. Bnt onr friends in tha country I townships were worse than ourselves. We seemed to hare lit npon tbe limbo inhabited by denes sert jokes. Many an old acquaint ance we hailed with pleasure who we thought had long since departed this life, but onr joy I at the meeting was tempered by tbe fact tiist 1 I many old johse which we knew wore dead | I and buried years ago were stalking abont in I I their grave clothes, redolent wito toe taint of' 1 mould and deoay. Stffi we made the best of I the situation, end while we welcomed onr | old familiar friends we ignored the bidaons I ghosts of bygone merriment, which seemed | to these ont of tha way places 'to be gal- I vaniaed into a new and repellent life. me journry mm rons&aeiaioeto; moonta is fay rail, and ja-not interesting. About half I way there is a break of goage, which does not I seem an improvement. To Fort Wakefield I the oountry constitutes the old wheat field of I Sonth Australia, now, alas 1 in many places I exhausted, and abandoned for the newer I conn try farther north. From Fort Wake- 1 field toe country is a hidaona acrnb, en- 1 livened to one or two places with agriccltnrsl I land, and relieved by alight glimpses of Si. 1 Vincent's Golf a distant hills. Bat on the I whole thejoarneyia most uninteresting. Chess, I whist, tobaoco, and good humor whiled away I the time, and when we reached Moonta the I I eeven hours of the journey seemed but' brief I in retrospect I At night we met the Moonta Minna players, 1 none of whom we had ever seen before. I Fortnne was favorable to ns here, and one I after another game waa aoored to the Port I until ail were ones. This was far beyond I I our expectations, aa although we hoped to | win ws had no hopes of oonqneat Their I strongest player, who la said neva to have j been beaten before to a match, fell an easy I victim to a gentleman who at theiaatPoit I tournament waa only to tha third class, bnt I who haa studied and worked hard for a looz I time past, and la now reaping the reward ot I his labors. We had prcposed to exhibit this j I gentleman after his victory at a penny head I so as to reimburse us some part .of onr expen- | ditnre, tori; unfortunately, there was no room to the place big enough to bold him, and we I had to abandon the idea. He finally came I home to a huge pafe of pufaUchbnas riippers I I down at the heel, his boots having proved ! Inadequate to the task of containing him. , I The next morning, after seeing the splendid 1 I wotkahopB belonging to the - Moonta mines, I the party started for Wallaroo. This is cer I talnly (but for a view of Spencer's Gulf) the I most fbriorn looking plane on the habitable : I globe, and it was here we found the greatest I nnmber of the gbotti of dead jokes before | alluded to. It is literally void of vegetation. I The North Pole, or the bead of that prophetic: I gentleman who used bean' aa an antidote I for larriktoiam, oonld not be balder. In the I well rememboed words of an old Irish I woman, who by soma atraoge ofaanoe had been | to the Mar do Glace above dumoani, I "There's not abash nor a ha'porth to be seen. ju rrauaroo ill ok was not so much I in onr favor aa at MoonU. The five pfayera whom we met were decidedly inferior to the 1 Moocta team, acd 'yet two of our regular I scorers managed to lose their games. They : certainly had both got stiff antagonists, but I their usual care waa wanting. By the time' I the WsjUaroo gsmea were well started the I players from the Kadina olab, five miles off. I commenced to drop in, and as aoon aa onr men had disposed of one antagonist they had to commence with- another. Our team had by this time settled down to their work, and I four ont of five games fell to their share. This ended the series of matches, and onr clnb returned home on Easter Mondav. Out of fifteen games played they had only lost three, and they had won all their matches. The quality of the chess waa not first-rate. Most of the games were steady and stolid, but there were a few brilliant flashes worthy of memory. The success of the Port tram waa mainly dse to the steady work of the previous year, and should serve aa an tooen. tive to all true lovers of chess. Another element of advantage waa tbe uniform fltfBBfltil of thn nikmsa Wfthnn player of first-alias eminence, capable of coping with tbe great Melbourne or Sydney ' players, there was probably no man in the team to whom any Australian player oonld afford a knight Thus no one when pliylhg had to distress himself abont hiagneighbor'a game. He had only to mind his own, and if he felt be waa getting the worst of it, he had the comfortable asm ranoe that the were that his friends, both on his right and left, were going to win. The whole trip was aaooeeas to every way; but the Port Ade" lmide men will need to work hard to keep np their repetition. A very strong team might be picked from the three neighboring clnhs which we have defeated, and a combination of this Bart might very likely cense us to lower onr flag. A ail events there is very little donbt that chess will be mure practised tothat district than it has been, and I have written than few desultory line to the Hamilton Spectator with a view to creating more Interest in the Royal Game among yonr local players. Boasting, as yon do, of the test aoodaofad chess coin inns In. Australia, I regret to see tha thare are addmn games printed that have been played-.by yonr local players. Never mind if ybdrgsmes should be bad, tske thsm dpwn, print the beet iff them, and it won't be long before yon have better; /Free criticism -and. publicity Is good for t thtog ami Wgdy n fer cheat. Don't hide yonr light under w bnshel bnt go infer matches with other cluba, and perhaps some day yon may even equal the great Port Adelaide Clnb. ' 