EPITOME. Advertisements, to secure insertion in xhj Herald on the day on which they are tent, , should be to hand not later than OHM o'clock. i If poverty Is a disgrace, mended stooklags ' area darned shame. . He who cannot keep his own secret .' ought , not to complain if another tolls it. . ! A base and irreclaimable philosopher has . said, "W.oman is a clock that runs slow after five>and-twenty." A late book is entitled " Half- hours yrith ' Insects," What a lively half-hour rinocaa. have with a bee t Sin always begins with pleasure and ends with bitterness. It is like a colt which tbo little boy said was very tame iu front and very wild behind. A oootor who went out huhting, on coming ' home complained that he hadn't killed , anything. That's because you did not .; attend to your legitimate business,-"' said his wife. A little Waterloo Sunday school miss waff asked by her teacSer, "What muBt people do In !, order to go to heaven ?" "D4o, I suppose"' replied the little one. The teacher didn't question her any further; "I ammfraid," said'a-lady to her . husbandi I "that I am going to have a stiff neck." "Not at?'' all improbable, my doarr" replied ber spouse, "I hove seen strong symptbms of it ever since ' we were married." Sir Frederick Hughes has announced his intention of becoming a candidate for- Wexford In bis address he soya : "I don't care three rows of pins whether you return me or not, but should you think proper to do so, I believe I can represent your interest without discredit, and peradventure with some oredit to myself. I am a gentleman, I trust, with'a sprinkling of honesty." _ It makes me feel good to think of a good- time coming, whon nobody shall gamble in? stocks, or speculate, or take the chances- on anything except his hash. In thoBt days no- man will make a mistake ; bat every invest ment, honestly made, shell bring in its honest two per cent, a month, and one will just- manage to scratch along on his share of the spoil. For, of course, there Is to be a spoiling of Bomebody for the good of everybody else, or what is the use of reform ? It is rumoured officially that the number of officers in the United States Army so far ex- coeds the total of rank and file that a British- traveller on witnessing a review the other day remarked : " Ary, by Jove, this is weally, trvuly _ wepublican simplicity; the pwivstes capawisoned weally elegantly, and their snpewior officers dwessed in the ordinawy homespun cloth I've wed about; Fact, pon honor !" The following epitaph, dated AuguBfc, 1817, may etiil be seen in a village cemetery in western Massachusetts Sho lav d not wisely, but too well, 7ho melon Prern nml tnlnv? Now free Irom cramps sho sloops, poor Nell; 'Neath the rod cl alassarhucy. A small boy_ was sent to the country to board a short time. He promised his mother that he would write a good long letter da. scribing his trip and boarding-ploce, &c.; A' week went by and his poor mother was nearly distracted when sho got the folio wiug inte resting letter from him : " I am here and swapped my watch for a pup, and he is the - boss pup ; and I went swimmin' fourteen times yesterday, and a feller stole my pocketbook, and I want some money ; and I shall bring the pup home." Kentucky has a ghost that whistles. The natural inference is that it is out of the wil derness. A lady asked the judge what she would say In court if she were asked her age. The bluet jurist replied : "Say, madam, what I believe would be the truth, that you are not yet come - to the yenrs of discretion." "Did you say that I was a pbate J" fiercely asked an old gentleman of a young man whom - he bad forbidden to visit bis daughter. "No ; I raid .vou were a free hooter 1" "Ah 1" ox- claimed the old gentleman, as he remembered the kick with which he had dismissed the young man from bis porch. 