BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual united service in connection with the Beechworth branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society were conducted in the Oddfellows' Hall on Sunday last. In the afternoon tne ctnidren attending the various Protestant Sunday-schools the town assembled, and were addressed by the Rev. M. Bradney, President of th, local branch of the society, and Messrs D Fletcher, R. Warren, J. Warner, and B Dawborn. Miss Bradney presided at thf harmonium ; and the children rendered selections of Sankey's hymns. A collectiot was made. In the evening the hall 'was well filled- notwithstanding the inclement state ot tie weather — by the .united congregation After the singing oE an anthem— llr Cunningham, junior, officiated as organist , — by the choir, the Rev. M. Bradney (Congregational) engaged in prayer. Tj). hymn " Father of Mercies, in thy word1 was then sung ; after which the Rev. J, G. Mackie (Presbyterian) offered iq prayer. After the singing of the hyn@ Come Holy Ghost, our hearts inspire.' the Rev. Canon Howard (Episcopalia;) read, as a lesson, the loth chapter of th Gospel of St. John — relating to the cor. solution, and mutual love between Christ and his members, under the parable of tie vine. Hymn: "Let everlasting gloria crown." The Rev. Win. Brown (We. leyan) preached an eloquent and impressiv; sermon from the wokIs " Search tk; Scriptures, for in them ye think ye hai- eternal life ; and they are thq which testify of me." CSt. John t 39). Hymn: "Lord, Thy Word abideth; Mr B. Dawborn read the report of the committer, as . follows : — "The committee of the Beech wortl branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society are thankful to be able to submit a report for the year ending March, 1880, which, we believe, will be found equally encouraging as our last, and the labors ei the year will show most unmistakably that our society here is a living and prosperous one. The committee (whicl, is composed of representatives from thf four Protestant churches of our town have met monthly, and at each meeting the attendance has been most satisfactory, and the various matters relating to the interest of the society have hacl patieni and prayerful attention. We have met as Christian men, earnest in our desire io serve the best interests, not only of the Bible Society, but of humanity at large, and to honor our Divine Master, whose light and love, as revealed in the sacred word, we desire to send to every creature. The reports of the parent society slim that its operations are still extending, and the great work is being carried on wiu unabated zeal. Throughout the whole oi Europe and America, its agencies an to be found, and in many parts oi Asia, Africa, China and India, depots are oijCijicd for the propagation of the Bible, Yfo believe that the entrance of the ' " light, and the great object oi ivorcl . is to assist to the best of ihiscotmii. society/ With this nir power the. - w, heid public meet- object; m view we h diistricfc to t Liu's m various parts lf 3 r md raise funds. During' X, 'r we aT8 risited Yackandandah, Taree®f' nan's Forest, Wooragee, EvYc"on> UxleJ ind Three Mile. At each place wllecrors, were appointed to canvass for su. SC"P. :ions. We desire here to record our . est thanks to our friends at the places menj' tioned for the kind manner in, which they received the deputations. should have visited Chiltern, Bright, Wandili- gong, Wangaratta and Stanley, but local interests interfered with our plans ; but we promise them early attention next year. During the year we issued a circular to all the Protestant ministers in the district, in viting them to become members of commit tee aud to co-operate with us as much as possible. Most of the ministers have acceded to our desire, so that in the future we may expect to see greater interest mani fested throughout the district in the noble enterprise. We have also opened direct communication with the parent society, and our secretary has been placed 011 the list of correspondents, and we are promised a fair share of their litera ture for circulation. The result of the previous year's labor enabled us to remit the sum of £50, as a free contribu tion co the present society ; and we are trusting to do equally well this year, and believe that we shall. We are thankful for your past generosity and ask for its continuance, and hope that our society here will never be allowed to languish for want of funds. The amount of our expenses for the year will be found very trifling, so whatever is given will go at once to its legitimate object./ We are pleased to record that Mr Lindegaard has again shown his practical sympathy for our cause, by collecting the sum of £7 I3s Gd during one of his tours in the country. Another member of' our com mittee has a claim in our gratitude also— Mr Warren, who has frequently placed his horse and buggy at the disposal of mir deputations, thereby saving us consider able expense. Our best and mo3t hearty thanks are due to those who have so kindly helped us in the various parts of the district by collecting subscriptions, and to the noble band of young ladies who have canvassed the town of Beechworth. Honor to whom honor is due. We arc also greatly indebted to Mr Cunningham and the united choirs for their valuable help on this occasion. The total amount of receipts to date is £4S 2s 9d. Some of the lists are not yet complete ; several friends who have promised not having sent in their contributions." The follow ing gentlemen were nominated to fill tn<? several positions mentioned, , and were elected :— Rev. Wm. Brown, President ; Messrs D. Fletcher and A. D.u-va'd, vice- presidents ; Mr R. Warren, trea surer ; Mr B. Dawborn, hon. secretary; Messrs Lindegaard, Harper, Mitch elsoii, J. P. Dalton, Calder, W. Dalton, Canfieid and Mastcrman and all the local Protes tant ministers, The collection was then taken up, and liberally respoli led to ; iiie choir rendering, a beautifuli'antheni mean while. Hymn : " Oh ! send GocVs holy hook where'er." The -Benediction, pro nounced by the Rev. M. Bradney, and the singing of the .Dissmission by the choir terminated the. proceedings. 