COUNTRY CORRESPONDENCE. THE BISHOP OF ARMIDALE AT CASINO. (From a Correspondent) On Friday, 23rd instant, at 12 o'clock, noon, his Lordship the Right Rev. Elzear Torregiani, D.D., Bishop of Armidale, arrived at Casino from Tenterfield, after a fatiguing journey in most inclement weather, accompanied by the Rev. P. M'Guinness ; however, his Lordship seemed none the worse for it. A procession of horsemen was being organized in the chapel grounds to get out to meet his Lordship, when suddenly his arrival was announced. The Rev. J. J. Doyle, who is in charge of this mission, had barely time to cross the bridge of of the town when he met the Bishop, and after a very brief halt they proceeded at once to the Australian Hotel (Mr. Jordan's), where his Lordship put up during his stay. On Saturday his Lordship rested, having no doubt felt the fatigue of his journey, while the Rev. J. J. Doyle and the Rev. M. Reade spent the day preparing the candidates for Confirmation, of whom there were thirty, and all, with one or two exceptions, under adult age. On Sunday four Masses were celebrated — viz., at 8, 9, 10, and 11 o'clock. The second was the Bishop's Mass. His Lordship, who was present, ascended the altar steps and preached a most impressive sermon from the Epistle read in the Mass of the day, being the fourth Sunday after Easter. James i, 17 — 21. In the evening his Lordship gave Benediction of the most blessed Sacrament, and preached again from the Gospel of the Day, John xvi., 5. 15. At this sermon there were many of other denominations present, who paid marked attention to his Lord ship, and evidently came to hear and not to gratify curiosity. Towards the conclusion of his Lordship's sermon in the morning, he addressed those who were to be confirmed, tenderly exhort ing them to piety, and by that means encourage and strengthen within themselves the graces they were very soon to receive, namely, the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, which would make them strong and perfect Christians, as well as good soldiers of Christ until death. His Lordship concluded with an explanation of what a good soldier of Christ was, and illustrated it by the reward which even temporal sovereigns bestow on their faithful soldiers. ' How much more so then,' his Lordship continued, ' will not your heavenly Sovereign bestow gifts on you his faithful soldiers. Gifts, the glory of which neither eye hath seen nor ear heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive.' The female can didates for confirmation were then led to the altar. rails by the sponsor, Miss Teresa Allcock, holding their tickets with the tips of their fingers in conjoined hands, and attired as is usual in the emblem of purity — white robes and veils. His Lordship then advanced, attended by the Revs. J. J. Doyle and P. M'Guinness, and administered Confirmation. In like manner the male candidates wore led up by their Bponsor, Mr. Rowan, and received Confirmation also. Confirmation over, his Lordship announced that ho would then receive any deputations which might desire an interview, when two addresses were presented to his Lordship, engrossed on parchment and highly illuminated by our worthy town clerk, Mr. Alexander M'Cracken, who is also an artist. The altar was nicely decorated, thanks to the young ladies, who, from their own pin money, purchased the flowers with which it was decorated. I must not omit tho choir, which is still, I might say, in its infancy, but, notwithstanding, acquitted itself with credit, see ing that they had little or no time to rehearse the selections which they rendered. The assis tance of the Rev. P. M'Guinness on the occasion no doubt contributed much to their success. Your very worthy Codrington corres pondent being conspicuous by his absence here during his Lordship's visit (at least as far as I am aware), has induced mo to intrude on his domain in this instanco, probably reserving his more able and graphic report for the more favoured loc ilities of Coraki and Lismore, to which places his Lordship proceeds to-morrow by steamer, first to Coraki, thence to Lismore. The following are copies of. the addresses already alluded to : — ' To his Lordship the Right Rev. Elzear Torregiani, D.D., Bishop of Armidale, ' May it please your Lordship, — We, the Casino branch of the Richmond River Tem perance League of the Sacred Heart, beg to approach your Lordship on this occasion to bid you welcome a thousand times over to these remote parts, and to assure your Lord ship of our unfeigned reverenco and love, as well for your high and holy office, which wo un derstand to bo the spiritual feeding of the lambs of Christ's flock, to do which your Lordship left the light and pure air of your beloved home Italy, with its bright blue and sunny skies— Italy, the home of sculpture and painting, and — like St. Paul, braved the perils of the sea, the land, and the elements. Faith of our Fathers, what is it thou canst not do P Cold indeed must tho heart be and void of Catholic emotion which does not rejoice and be glad at seeing such devotion, especially in these evil days, when the world, urged on by the gates of hell, lashes itself against tho Church of Christ, a3 do the waves of the ocean against an iron-bound coast, but only to spend themselves in foam and spray, and return again from whence they came. ' A littlo while, my lord, and we were not, that is, our league had no existence, but through the indefatiguable zeal of our beloved Soggarth Aroon, the Rev. J. J. Doyle, we arc now organized, and, like the snowball in its onward course, gathering strength and magnitude. Assiduity and zeal, which well nigh cost him his life not long since. But thank God he is still spared to gather grapes in Christ's vineyard. ' Eagerly indeed, my lord, do wo avail ourselves of this happy opportunity to humbly beg your Lordship's patronage and benediction of our league, firmly believing that as virtue went out from our dear Lord by only touching tho hem of Hio garment, so also would the virtues of prudence, justice, temperance, and fortitude flow out on our leaguo from your Lordship's benediction, being mindful of tho promise of our dear Lord and Saviour to His Apostles, when He said : — Greater things than I have done, ye shall do. ' In conclusion we humbly pray that God may give your Lordship length of days, and in the end a high place in Heaven, where, as we learn from Holy Scripture, thieves cannot break through and steal, and your joy no man can take from you. ' Signed on behalf of the leaguo, 'Denis Rowan Chas. M'Carthy Jas. Dillon Jas. Kinniite J ohn M'Cahill.' On presenting this the representatives wore regalia. ' To his Lordship the Right Rev. Elzear Tor regiani, D.D., Bishop of Armidale. ' May it please your Lordship, — We, the under signed, in behalf of the Catholics of Casino and surrounding districts, beg to avail ourselves of this opportunity to welcome your Lordship to this part of your diocese, and to express our filial respect, reverence, and love, as well for your Lordship's person as for the high and holy office to which by the Grace of God and favour of the holy Apostolic See your Lordship his been elevated. ' We congratulate your Lordship also on tho happy termination of your voyage to Australia, seeing that no sooner did your Lordship's feet feel terra firma, and tho ship proceed on her further voyage, than she foundered, a circum stance which we regard as an omen of that suc cess which awaits your Lordship in the harvest of souls to be gathered into the granaries of our Lord. ' In this our adopted country, where all nations are assimilated, your Lordship may doubtless observe many peculiarities not met with in the ' old countries,' but these we trust (should any be discerned) will be pardoned by your Lordship, ao becomes one of the successors of the Apostles. Fnith of our Fathers, holy faith, 'We will be true to thee till death. ' Once more we beg to tender your Lordship Cead Mille Failthe. ' Signed on behalf of the laity. ' Chas. M'Carthy, Denis Rowan, Alex, M'Cracken, Daniel Kissane, James Dillon.' 