TEX STORT-TELLER. The last House in C--Street. I could not say; but I thought;Mrs. MaoArthur's ghost was long in coming. " Don't, my dear-don't; do any thing but laugh at it." She was visibly affected, and it was not without an effort that she proceeded in her story. "1 wish you to understand exactly my position that night-a young girl, her head full of the enchantment of the stage-her heart of something not less engrossing. Mr. Everest had supped with us, leaving us both in the best of spirits; indeed my father had gone to bed, laughing heartily at the remembrance of the antics of Mr. Grimaidi,- which- had- aimot-ob literated the Queen and Hamlet from his memory, on which the ridiculous always took a far stronger hold than the awful or sublime. " I was sitting-let me see-at the window, chatting with my maid Patty, who was brushing the powder out. of my hair. The window was open half-way, and looking out on the Thames; and the summer night being very warm and starry, made it almost like sitting -out-of-doore. There was none of the awe given by the solitude of a closed room, when everysound is magnified, and every shadow seems alive. " As I said, we had. been chatting and laughing; for Patty I were both very young, and she had a sweet heart, too. She, like every one of our household, was a warm admirer of Mr. Everest, I' had just been half scolding, half smiling at her praises of him, when St. Paul's great clock. came booming over the silent river. "' Eleven,' counted Patty. ' Ter rible late we be, Mistress Dorothy not like Bath hours, I reckon.' " ' Mother will have 'been in bed an hour ago,' said I, with a little self-reproach at not having thought of her till now. "The.next minute my maid and-I both started up with a simultaneous exclamation., "' Did you hear that?' " 'Yes, a bat flying against the window,' " ' But the lattices are open, Mis tress Dorothy.' "' So they were; and there was no bird or living' thing about-only the quiet summer night, the river, and the stars. "'I .be certain sure I heard it. And I think it was like-just a bit like-somebody tapping.' " ' Nonsense, Patty!' But it had struck me thu?n-?hough I said-it was a bat. I was exactly like the sound of fingers against a pane-very soft, gentle fingers, such as, in passing into her' flower-garden, my mother used often to tap outside the school room casement at home. "' I wonder, did father hear any thing. If-the Pird, you know, Patty-might have flown at his wine dow, too ?' "' Oh, Mistress-s Dorothy!' Patty would not be deceived. I gave her the brush to finish my hair, but her hand shook, too, much. I shut the window; aid -we-both sat down facing it. "At that minute, distinct, clear, and uinmistakeable, like a person giving a summons in passing by, we heard once' more the tapping on the pane. But nothing was seen; not a single shadow' came between us and the open air, the bright starlight. "Startled I was, and awed, butI was not frightened. The sound gave me even an inexplicable delight. But I had hardly time to recognise my feelings, still less to analyse them, when a loud cry came from my father's room. "' Dolly,-Dolly ! ' "' Now my mother and I had both one name, but he always gave her the old-fashioned pet name,-I was invariably Dorothy tiLI- dlidnot pause to think, but ran to his locked door and answered. "It was a long time before he took any notice, though I besrdhim talking to himself, and moaning. He was subject to bad dreams, es pecially before his attacks of gout. Bo my first alarm lightened. I stood listening, knocking at intervals, until at last he replied. " ' What do'ee want, child?' " ' Is anything the matter, father ?' " 'Nothing. tGo to thy bed, Dorothy.' "'Did you not call? Do you want any one u u - -- " ' Not thee. O Dolly, my" poor Dolly,'-and he seemed to be almost olibibig, 'why did I let thee-leave me ?' "' Father, you are not going to be ill? It is not the gout, is it?' (for that was the time when he wanted my mother most, and, indeed, when he was wholly unmanageable by any one but her.) "'8 Go away. Get to thy bed. girl; I don't want'ee.' . I thought he was angry with me for been in some sort the cause of our delay, and retired very miserable. Patty and I eat up a good while longer, discussing the dreary prospect of my father's having a fit of the gout here in London lodgings, with only us to nurse him and my mother away. Our alarm was-so-great-trat we?irite forgot the curious circumstance which had first attracted us, till Patty spoke up from her bed on the floor. "' I hope master beant going to be very ill, and that noise-you know -came for a warning. Do 'ee think it woas a bird, Mistress Dorothy ? ' "Very likely. Now, Patty, let us go to sleep.' " But 1 did not, for all night I heard my father groaning at intervals. I. as certain it waP the gout, and 'ished from tire-bottom-ofT-my- heart that we had gone home with mother. " What was my surprise when, quite early, I heard him rise and go down, just as if nothing was ailing him! I found him sitting at the breakfast-table in his travelling coat looking very haggard and miserable, but evidently bent on a journey. "' Father, you are not going to Bath ?' "eYes, I be.' " ' Not till the evening coaclh starts,' I cried, alarmed. ' We can't, you know ?' "' I'll take a post- chaise, then. We must be off in an hour.' " An hour! The cruel pain of parting--(ny dear, I believed I used to feel things keenly when I was young)-shot through me-through and through. A single hour, and I should have said goodbye to-Edmond -one of those heart-breaking fare wells when we-seem-- to- leaerhaif of our poor young life behind us, forgetting that the only real parting is when there is no love left to part from. A few years, and I wondered how 1 could have crept away and wept in such intolerable agony at the mere bidding good-bye to Ed mond-Edmond, who loved me! " Every minute seemed a day till he came in, as usual, to breakfast. My red eyes and my father's corded trunk explained all. _ __ " ' Dr. Thwaite, you are not going ?' " ' Yes, I am,' repeated my father. He sat moodily leaning on the table would not taste his breakfast. " ' Not till the night coach surely ? I was to take you and Mistress Dorothy to see Mr. Benjamin West, the king's painter.' " ' Let king and painters alone, lad; I am going home to my Dolly.' " Mr. Everest used many arguments gay and grave, upon which I hung with earnest conviction and hope. He made things so clear always; he was a man of much brighter parts than my father, and had great in fluence over him. " ' Dorothy,' he whispered, ' help me to persuade the Doctor. It is so little time 1 beg for, only a few hours andbefore so -long-a-parting.'-Ay, longer than he thought, or I. ' ' COhildren,' cried my father at last, 'you are a couple of fools. Wait till you have been married twenty years. I must go to my Dolly. Iknow there is something amiss at home.' " I should have felt alarmed, but I saw Mr. Everest smile; and besides I was yet glowing under his fond look, as my father spoke of our being 'married twenty years.' ': Father, you have surely .no reason for thinking thies? If you have, tell us.' \- :'"My father just lifted his head, and looked me woefully in the face. " ' Dorothy, last night, as sure as I see you now, I saw your mother. " 'Is thatall?' cried Mr. Everest, laughing: ' why, my good sir, very likely you did; you were dreaming about her.' " ' I had not gone to sleep.' " ' How did you see her ?' ,' Coming into my rob-omjist ~a she used to do in our bed room a home, with the candle in her hand and the. baby asleep on her arm.' "' Did she speak ?' asked Mr. Everest, with another and rather satirical smile; ' remember, you saw -amlet last night. Indeed, sir-in deed, Dorothy-it was a mere dream. Ido notbelieve in ghosts; it would be an insult to common sense, to human wisdom--pay, even to Divinity itself.' "Edmond spoke so earnestly, justly, and withal so affectionately, that perforce I agreed; and even my father began to feel rather ashamed of his own weakness. He, a sensible man and the head of a family, to yield to a mere superstitious fancy, spring ing probably from a hot supper and an over-excited brain! To the same cause Mr. Everest attributed the other incident, which somewhathesi tatingly I-told-him-- - "'Dear, it was a bird; nothing but abird. One flew in at my window last spring; it had hurt itself, and I lept-it and- nursed it, and--psted-it. It was such a pretty gentle little thing, it put me in mind of Dorothy." ",'Did it?' said 1. "' And at last it got well and flew away.' "'Ah ! that was not like Dorothy.' "Thus, my father being persuaded, it was not hard to persuade me. We settledto remain till evening. Edmond and I, with my maid Patty, went about together chiefly in Mr. West's Gallery, and in quiet shade- of--ur avnuirite Temple Gardens. And if for those four stolen hours, and the sweetness in them, I afterwards suiffered untold remorse and bitterness, I have entirely forgiven myself, as I know my dear mother would have forgiven me, long ago." Mrs MacArthur stopped, wiped her eyes, and then continued-s peaking more in the matter-of-fact way that old people speak in, than she had been lately doing. "Well, my deare-where was I " " In the Temple Gar den s'- - - "Yes, yes. Then we eame home to dinner. -My father always enjoyed his nap afterwards; he had nearly recovered himself now; only looked tired from loss of rest, Edmond and I sat in the win dow,-watching the barges and wherries down the Thames; there were no steam-boats then, you know. "Some one knocked at the door with a message for my father, but he slept so heavily he did not hear. Mr. Everest went to see what it was; 1 stood at the window. I remember mechanically watching the red sail of a Margate hoy that was going down the river, and thinking with a sharp pang how dark the room seemed to grow, in a moment, with Edmond not there. - "Re-entering, after a somewhat long absence, he never looked at me, but went straight to my father. "' Sir, it is almost time for you to start; (oh ! Edmond), ' There is a coach at the door; and, pardon me, but I think you should travel quickly.' My father sprang to his feet. "'Dear sir, wait one moment; I have received uews from Bath. You have another little daughter, sir, and-' ", Dolly, my Dolly!' Without another word my father rushed away, leaped into the post-chaise that was waiting, and drove off. " 'Edmond! 'I gasped. "'My poor little girl-my own Dorothy !' " By the tenderness of his embrace, less lover-like than brother-like-by his te r ~s, #rI could feel them on my neck-I knew, as well as if he had told me7that- i-- houl niever see y - dear mother any more. " She had died in childbirth," con tinued the old lady after a long pause -" died at night, at the same hour and minute that I had heard the tapping on the window-pane, and my father had thought he saw'her coming into his room with a baby on her arm." " Was the baby dead, too ?" " They thought so then, but it after wards revived.' " What a strange story !" "I do not ask you to believe in it. How and why and what it was I can. not tell; I only know that it assuredly was as I have told it." "And Mr. Everest?" I inquired, after some hesitation. The old lady shook her head. "Ah, my dear, you may perhaps learn-though I hope you will not how very, very seldom things turn out as one expects when one is young. After that day I did not see Mr. Everest for twenty years." "How wrong of him-now-----" " Don't blame him; it was not his fault. You see, after that time my father took a prejudice against him not unnatural, perhaps; and ho8 was not there to make things straight. Besides, my own conscience was very aore, and-there were the- six chiidren at home, and the little baby had no mother: so a±last _L made- upmy mind. I should have loved him just the same if we had waited twenty years. I told him so: but he could not see things in that light. Don't blame him, my dear, don't blame him. It was as well, perhaps, as it hap pened." "Did he marry ?" "Yes; after a few years; and loved his wife dearly. When I was about one-and-thirty, I married Mr. McArthur. So neither of us was un happy, you see-at least, not more so than most people; and we became sincere friends afterwards. Mr. and Mrs. Everest come to see me still, almost every Sunday. Why, youfoolish child, you are not crying ?" Ay, .I was--but scarcely at the ghost-story. (Concluded.) 