AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STOEl'i (by AUGUSTUS AESSOr, d.d., IX the " AXIIEX-EILM. ") Little mora than two months have passed since my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly en larged by the occurrence with which the following narrative deals. Yet already I fiod that, round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of ro mance in more senses than one. As J object to he looked upon as ft kind of me dium to whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, do not wish to be set down as a crazy drea mer whose disorganised nervous system renders him abnormally' liable to the fan tastic delusions, I have yielcle'd io tho earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the following payoff I ana told that there are those who bily themselves in collecting similar storiesj and if it be so, it is better they fihoukl hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other channels. The narrative was written at the request of ft friend, not many days after the eve'iitj when all the circumstances were fresH in my recollection. On the 10th of October, 1879, 1 drove over from Norwich to Mannington-hall to spend the night at Lord. Oxford Bt Though I was in perfect health find high spirits, it is fair to state that,- for some weeks previously, I had liad a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, find aomf considerable mental strain of one kiiidand another. I was not, however, coris&dfis; of anything approaching weariness) ^ir ritability, «r "fag." I arrived at 4 p.Sl j end -was engaged in pleasant juid animafSu I ivqiyuvsatinn till it was time to dress for diiuiet'. He dined at 7 ; our party )l|U>i.hyret! six persons. Of these, four at least had. been great travellers. I myself Wits TiitlpU' a listener ; the talk was general £tid discursive, and aamsed and interested me sfrei'fiH'! Not for a single moment did \j Yuri? upon the supernatural ; it was iiMeilv coucerned with questions of art, jind tin- experiences of men who had seen fi sl'Stvt deal of the world, and could doso.ritu'- intelligently what they had seen, aUci comment upon it suggestively. I liiVV'O Vu T,V rarely been at a more pleasant bftVt-Y hfter dining we played a rubber. Wu !! left off as we began," .and as two of t'hii uostn had some distance to drive, we i«-ni,-« tin at half-past 10. The main object in going over to Man- qitj-q.tin was to examine and take notes Upon some very rare books in Lord Ox ford library; which I had been anxiously wishing io get a sight of for some years, lint, had never been fortunate enough to tiUiCl With up to this time. I .asked leave (,-a sit up for some hours and read trans- crip'ii His lordship at first wished me to let Ills vft'ot remain in attendance to see all lights put out, but f s this would have niUbiil'Masud mo and make me go to bed earlier twm X wished, and as it seemed likeH' thai i should be occupied till 2 or 3 okuodk in (hc morning, it was agreed that I' ijhovaci be left to my own devices and tho servants should be allowed to retire. |5 y- i | o'clock I was the only person down- Stak'Si and t was very soon busily at work nod libsprboci in my occupation. Tho room n> which I was writing was a iavgi1 one. with a huge fireplace and a grand old chimney ; and it is needless to say that it Van fftvnishod with every luxury and I ('.onnovi. The library opens into this room, ;iiid "1 llfltl to pass out from where I was sKfivu mt this library and get upon a ojii-lv K1 roach the volumes I wanted to examine. There were six sma'l volumes in Rii 1 took them down, and placed tivan at my right hand in a little pile, and Set t". Work— sometimes reading, some- jhiuri writing. As I finished with a book f olaaad it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, (.la-: 0&"dies all burning, and as I am a abiliy pewoti. t sat myself at one cor- r,,,r of'iho table, the fire at my left, . » 1- .« «. T il — 1 _1 71 ' ?,t fclld u -1- ""isueu wicix a bio '!- 1 i knocked the fire together, I paid stood up to warm my feet. I con- I finned in this way at my task till nearly i , i).iu-::!\, I had got on better than I ex- | and I had only one more book to I occupy 1,i-' 1 rose> w,onnd vd3 my watch, Bud i:p-'',l-d a bottle of seltzer water, and | "nunymber thinking to myself that I rhoidii got to 'nod by 2 after ail. I set to V .ii i- no- tho last little book. 1 had been imc iced upon ifc about half an hour, and Was fl'st beginning to think that my work \vuii drawing to a close, when, as I was (ic'ii-Slh Writ'niJ, I saw a large white hand within ;|. foot of my elbow. Turning my boadi 'bore sac a figure of a somewhat hiray smut j with his back to the fire, bending sljiThliv over the table, and apparently ex- ftiniiiitiS th 1-dle f books that I had been iif work upon, The man's face was turned awav U'nui tue \ but I saw his closcly-cn fc rrd'.Ush'brywn hair, his ear and shaved ejliuii-' ; the eyebrow, the corner of the ..jyV.t, t-,yc>, the side of the forehead, and tj."7; t t-u i- high cheekbone. He was dressed in wind- ' can only describe as a kind ot '.-.(ilesia.af.ical habit of thick corded silk or hoc io «v(i.U material, close up to the throat, and e narrow rim or edging, of about an ;n,q, iav-iil; of satin or velvet serving as a stand-BP r'oHiu-, anci fitting close to the chilli i '10 r'yllfc hand, which had first At trad '-3 my attention, was clasping, wirjuitd: ivn.V great pressure, the left hand : k'cs!,h hands were in perfect repose, omI the lorco blue veins of the right hand wove, conspicuous. I remember th biking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent " Dead k.ni"hr'M '-J the National Gallery. I jacked at my visitor for some seconds, gnd was perfectly sure that he was iipt ft reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upnii me, but not the least feel- ity of a'arn;, even uneasiness ; curiosity and a' B.rong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt rather eager to make i, slccfch of my friend, and Ilooked at a tray on my right for a pencil ; then I thought, Upstairs X ',aYe a sketchbook ; shall I fetch H j" There he sat, and I was fascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, but lost. 1m should go. Stopping in my wrivingi !. hfted my left hand from the mper stretohed it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain Why 1 did this-my arm passed in front of "flits ligurO) and it vanished. I was Si,, inly disappointed, and nothing more. ; 1vgnr, pn. with my writing as if nothing had hupl-'oma'? perhaps for another five miuirdrii 3. had actually got to the last r vyL,..,-s of what I had determined to ex tract When the figure appeared again ex- pi-tlv' iii iim same place and attitude as befi'V'1' 1 saw the hands close to my own ; 1 turned my head to examine him more iilosr.iv' ¥ was framing a sentence to pe'dres". to hi>U when I discovered that I fi jh1 u.j|, duvu to speak. I was afraid of the )ni;nb u( »>,V own voice. There lie sat, "ud "thiWV- s,:K 1. I turned my head again Lo W'W.k and finished writing the two or Mree Vorchi had to write. The ,-niiu'' cud my notes are at this moment bcfr'W mU) a'ld exhibit not the slightest b'cui'ff' sh' miVVonness. I could point out the words 1 w as writing when the phantom ..que (Hid whe11 he disappeared. Having inishad my task, I shut the book and !' ...V/ if on the table; it made a slight T-oKs ;;a if full tlie figure vanished. rphjguyiiig myself back in my chair, I Va'i "(Vr 5 nine seconds looking at the fire vi'iti' ft lURiouS mixture of feeling, and I Tajneiffheripg wondering whether my friend o dd iYpm agftin, and if he did whether jjTe lyigVid lude the fire from me. Then first (here atole upon me a dread and a Li-pieton that I was begining to lose my net'W 1 lYmefflher yawning ; then rose, lit mV bedl'OQW Candle, took my books Into fha iuiieV library, mounted the chair y ft'Id replaced five of the volumes ; the sixth I bought back and laid upon the (able where X had been writing when the piicutmn did 1110 the honor to ap- neiif sefore"??!#, 5ythis time I had lost fill sense of yneivsiness. I blew out the fdiiV dalpcUe; and inarched off to bed, where t slept the Pf. the just or the guilty Lil'I hnoW not which— but I slept very efiht'is ft. si'ffP6 and unvanished nar rative fftsk Explanation, theory, of iflM'gnS9 I to others. 