BOARD OF HEALTH. Present—Sime as Council. Minutes of last meeting read and continued. Chairman reported that the meeting re earth closets had been adjourned in consequence of tiie small attendance. He fiad nothing else special to report. The Inspector's report was read and adopted. Mr. Opie proposed that a memorial be got up asking the Government to appoint a Board of Management for Port Augusta Hospital, tiie Board of Health to be the said Board. Seconded by Mr. Daxbury. Carried. Mr. Symons wanted to know what would b.-coni^ of tin* slots in i !jf evc.-ii of fie i':<r!h-:-iosi't. syn'eiii being ••arriod out. The Chairman ivpi; d rial pro'n.iiily ihe mover of the sclieiii", Mr. Mi'.eiieli, would have a plan for the purpose. The InspeHor was inwruefed to look after persons throwing soipsnds into tin; watertables, and ;o ^ive Mr. J. W. (iaw.-n noliee at oiler < le;iii up the yard and empty the cesspit at Jin; Flinders Hotel. Tlie meeting was then closed. Residents of the quiet township of Hosaville have (says the South-Eastern Siar) during the past week been sl:ir:e;l by the nightly appearance of a ghost. Tiie nocturnal visitor arsnmed the form of a'youug girl, dr:>p.-d in wiia: .appeared ".o be a white shroud. Cni'.dreii uvre frightened, and a few older ii-.t-i-, b.-Sieving tii.;t tiie depart*! are allowed to revisit the e;.n:>, >.wre fearful that clime had been perpetrated, and that the embodied spirit of the victim was permitted to iiauut tin: vicinity. Others of a more practical turn of mind ;ooked upon the matter as a ho.ix, ami one resident who had no faith in supernatural visitation decided to test whether it was a spirit " doomed for a certain term to walk the night, and for the day eoniineu to fast in fires," or some resident of the neighborhood playing a practical joke. Ou Friday night he therefore laid in wait, and when the nocturnal visitant appeared made a dash forward, and found that iiis arms encircled tlie form of a young girl, 'iaughter of a neighbor, who was enveloped in a sheet, instead of a disembodied spirit. Tim practical joker was conveyed home, and cauiioned against repeating iter folly. I don't say, your honour, that the defendant wa? intoxicated, no not by any means ! But Mis I will say. when last I saw liim he was washing his facc in a mud-puddle, and drying it on the door-mat." 