PROFESSOR PEPPER. The renowned Professor Pepper will bejin his series of lectures and experiments in tha Academy of Music on Monday next, and it has also been arranged that ne Bhall give a special set of entertainments for children attending the various schools. The 4usttal asian of July 17 last contained the follow ing remarks in reference to the lecturer: — 'Professor Pepper is a pleasant man. He is the sort of man you would like to know. He is a 'jolJy fellow;* he has a genial face, a bright eye, a cheery manner, a winning way. He belies his name. There is nothing peppery about Mm. Be looks like a man fond of good company. His scientific studies and hibics have commuoicated nothing of the ascetic to hirr, either in look or manner. He has made science a pastime, a pleasant exercise, a solace, a means of forgetfulneas of life's miseries, and he has persuaded other people so to regard it. Nowadays we do not think that a little learning is. a dangerous thing, Everybody cannot be a Faraday, a Tyndali, a Huxley, a Richardson, a Pepper, but everybody may go a little way in the direction they have gone, ana Professor Pepper's lectures help people to feel that their way is a pleasant way. For in the investigation of the great truths it is Professor Pepper's business to expound we get into another world, an illimitable world, which comprehends all other material worlds. If the young people who find time hang heavily on their hands can but be persuaded to interest themselves in the subjects of which Prof essor Pepper treats, they will confess life to be far too short for the reali zation of all the pleasure he can procure them. No doubt, to a large number of persons the Pepper entertainment will be only like aay other entertainment— a means of amusement, and they will not go more deeply into the science he pats before them than in so far &s; it appeals to their sense of vision, and offers them form and colour of a varied and beautiful kind. Bat it is not unlikely that some of these may be induced to care for science after being first f sasinated with its phe nomena, and herein we discover what a value there is in that sort of teaching which begins with pleasing. Of old we used to be told that there was no royal road to learning, and no golden method of acquiring instruction. But there are certainly very different methods of teaching, and that is confessedly the best method which is the most agreeable method. If all school masters were like Professor Pepper there would be no truants, and if all professors were like this professor class-rooms would require to be enlarged.' The following remarks were made by the Hubart Town Mtrcury in reference to the Pro fessor's experiments when he appeared in the island colony :— ' He introduced bis subject by a recital of Milton's immortal panegyric oa light, then glanced at the gigantic labours in the cause of science by Sir Isaac Newton, after which the audience were favoured with a most graphic description of the component parts and state of fusion of the sun. Most ingenious appliances were then employed for illustrating the manner in which waves of light, heat, and sound were transmitted, particular attention being paid to demonstrating the transmission of light and heat from the sun. By means of these displays the audience were, as stated by the Professor, provided with a meet complete chain of practical reasoning. Tisley's compound pendulum was also brought into use, and its performances were of a most interesting kind, revealing the form of music notes in the shape of harmony, discord, and an octavei The introduction to a lecture on the 'Persistence of Vision' was also given. Next came a series of illustrations of ' Torpedo Warfare,' and these were followed by a ' ghost farce' entitled! 'The Artisfs Dream,' the effects being produced by Metempsychosis illusory apparatus.' ? 