pifet Mipfwtf. ARRIVED. TUESDAY, FEB&UAKY; 17. GLENELG, steamer, 894 tons, G. rNicholson. master, from Sydney February 11, via Launceston February 14. Harrold Brothers, Town tad Port, agents. Passengers — From Sydney : Dr. Davies, Messrs. Wooster, Sadfciki, Bonner, Landvagfei, Simpson, Mesdames Sheppard and Landvoght, Misses Simpson, Peterson, Chapman, Mamiiaii Landvoght, in the saloon; ana six in the second cabin. From Launceston : Mr., Mis., and Misses Ethel and Grace Warner, Mr. and Miss Stane, Mr., Mm, Miss, and Miss Alice Saunders, in the saloon; and one in the second cabin. ARRIVED COASTWISE. TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 17. PHCEBE, barge, 34 tons, D. Williams, master, from Port Wakefield. POSTBOY, schooner, 60 tons, W. Steel, master, from MacDonnell Bay. VICTOR, ketch, 67 tons, J. McLeod, master, from Victor Harbour and Rapid Bay. QUEEN OF THE SOUTH, steamer, 121 tons, G. Johnston, master, from Port Victor via Nerman- (fille. Passengers—Mr. Phillip in the first cabin ; and two in the second cabin. Cargo : Aom Victor Harbour—268 bales wool, 7 casks tallow, 4 packages machinery. From Normanville—250 bags wheat, 320 do. nark. Feb. SAILED. 17—HABMODIUS, barque, for United Kingdom. Feb. SAILED COASTWISE. 17—WAKEFIELD, steamer, for Ardrossan. TELEGRAPHIC SHIPPING. OUTPORTS. EDITHBUSOH. — Sailed: February 16 — James Comrie, Fort Adelaide. MORGAN-. — Arrived : February 16 — Gem, Wentworth. STA> SBUB.Y. — Sailed February 16—Ceres, Port Adelaide. POET PRATE.— Arrived : February 16—Lady St. Aubyn, Sydney; Dianella, Port Adelaide; Orange Grove, Melbourne. Sailed 16—Prospero, Tasmania. FBEMAKIXE.—Sailed: February 14—Sea Ripple, Fort Adelaide. ALBANY.—Sailed: February 15—Rob Roy, Port Adelaide. BODRKK.—Arrived: February 14—Excelsior, Louth. MEKIKDIE.—Arrived: February 14—Undaunted, Wentworth. Sailed: Februaiy 14—Prince Alfred, Wentworth. LOUTH.—February 14—Goolwa passed up. INTERCOLONIAL. MELBOURNE. — Arrived: February 16—Garonne, London ; Kate Tatham, Mauritius; John Lewis, Wynyard; Ly-ee-Hoon, Sydney. Sailed: 16 — Northern Monarch, London ; City of Adelaide, Sydney; Mangana, Launceston; 17—Somersetshire, Sydney; Clarence, Portland. NEWCASTLE.—Arrived: February 16—Queen Emma, Melbourne ; Iris, Port Adelaide ; 17—Southern Belle, Port Adelaide. SYDNEY. —Arrived : February 16 — Leura, Melbourne ; Diamentina, Manning : Australian, Grafton ; Conference, Warmambool; Rubicon, Mersey ; Lady Belmore, Launceston; 17—Yarra, Melbourne. Sailed: 16—Gnnga, Levuka. A CASE OF RESURRECTION.—The following story is told in the Era.—" In Thurgau, Switzerland, the body of a man was found, and it was supposed that death had been the result of foul play. But the medical men declared that the wounds were self-inflicted, and that the deceased must have committed suicide. The body was identified by a large number of relatives as well as by sawyers with whom deceased had worked as having belonged in life to one Baumeler, a sawyer of Lucerne. His kinsfolk followed him to the grave, put on mourning for him, and the local papers published notices of the dead man. On the evening after the interment, while a number of Baumeler's friends were making merry in the village inn, who should walk in among them but the dead man himself! The peasants dropped their tankards of lager, and stared at the ghost in dismay. Some took to their heels in fright, and, running home, barricaded their doors. The ghost quietly took his seat at a table, and ordered sausages, bread, and lager in large quantities, and, his meal being finished, went straight to the priest, and thankeid him for the eloquent funeral oration he had delivered over his grave. He then called upon the bead man of the district, and expressed his obligations for the trouble taken on his behalf. So far, the ghost showed himself to be amiably inclined, but his mood changed upon looking down the columns of a local paper, which contained an obituary notice of the deceased couched in net exactly complimentary terms. The ghost, whose reputation during lifetime was really somewhat shady, seeing his chance, intends to bring an action for libel against the editor, who forgot to state in the obituary notice that deceased was a representative of all the virtues. The circumstances of a live ghoat walking about, and contemplating law proceedings, has thrown the village into a state of great excitement." THE EMERALD HILL Town COUNCIL AND ITS DEBENTURES.—The discovery of the two debentures of the Emerald Hill Town Council among some papers deposited by the late Town Clerk, Mr. Eville, in the National Bank of Australasia at Emerald Hill, is (writes the Age) attracting much attention and invoking serious enquiries. One of them, No. 31 of series 5, is unquestionably a duplicate of a genuine debenture not as yet disposed of, but remaining in stock, and the other is almost certain to be in the same category. They were deposited with the Bank at a time when Eville's account was overdrawn as a collateral security; but the overdraft having been paid off it is a matter of surprise that they were not reclaimed by the depositor and destroyed, as they were no longer required for the original purpose. They are stated to be duly signed by the Mayor, a Councillor, and the Town Clerk, the same as the genuine debentures are, and the signatures are believed to be correct and not forgeries. The question then arises of bow they came to be signed in excess of the number of debentures to be issued. It is not supposed that there was any complicity on the put of the Mayor and Councillor, but that they signed the pile of debentures placed before them for that purpose and neglected to count them, and thhs check the action of the Town Clerk as they ought to have done. This would show great and almost inexcusable carelessness on their part, which cannot be lessened by the pie that such implicit trust w&s; always placed in Mr. Eville that it was not deemed necessary to adopt the precaution. The result proves that tbeir neglect of a plain imperative duty offered facilities for the perpetration of a fraud, and it is merely accidental that no loss has accrued thereby. As it is, the Council may probably not care todo much more than reclaim the spurious debentures, and see them destroyed, but that will not satisfy the public. The subject should be thoroughly sifted, and the blame of the transaction be fixed upon the right individuals, unless they can prove that they are guiltless of such a great dereliction of duty. However, as the consideration of the report of the Finance Committee has been merely postponed, it will be seen in a few days whether the Town Council will deal trenchantly with it, or whether they will b6 satisfied by discovering that there will be no loss to the Town Fund, and therefore see no necessity for proceeding further. SAMPLES "OF FIKE FLOUR.—Messrs. Menz and Co., of Wakefield-street, have shown us three samples of splendid flour which one of the members of the firm obtained at the Milling Exhibition at Berlin a few months igo. The flour was ground by a new process, steel rollers heiug used instead of the ordinary stone roller-j. The samples, which may be seen at;Messrs. Menz \ Co.'s establishment, have been extrained by several millers, who have expressed much admiration of them. THE MACCAII.CU Mont's PHESCEIFTION.— How to t&ke; Ministerial utterances—•'(>,;.*! TJRA IIO £'O. 7 ( 