A CmrSTMAS STORY. The Skeleton in the Well- ] br Gctjcsucker. On the right bank of a small creek, Which after flowing in acircuitons coarse, discharges in flood time its muddy waters into theLoddon river, stood several years ago the frame of a shepherd's hut. These edifices can seldom lay claim to praise for Btyle of architecture. In Victoria they were generally of a better description than those,.found in the neighboring colonies, for they were . usually built sufficiently commodious for the habitation of a family. But this one, or rather its remains, struck the observer at first sight as being entitled in former times to rank with the high< st of its class, though the beholder un acquainted with its history could not fail to feel somewhat puzzled at ihe manage ment which allowed it to go so completely to decay. Its surroundings too, bore silent testimony to its once, happy con dition. In front was a plot of ground, which had from the traces of cultivation that still remained, been tilled as a garden, though at this period covered with a rank growth of weeds and thistles. Aloes and sweet!.riar, which had spread, were growing in profusion in a wild neglected State, and a large drooping willow on the marffin of a large waterhole of the creek were the only cultivated plants that seemed to thrive, or indeed remained, rince man had ceased to attend to them. Though permanent water was within a short distance, further provision for the comfort of the inhabitants was made by sinking a well at the rear of the building. If it had ever contained water, such was not to be obtained from it now, for rubbish— the accumulation of years had partly filled it. On a crest of rising ground over grown with burr lay scattered about, in all stages of decay, broken hurdles and other Bheep-yard material, showing that this had once been the folding-ground. This place—named Yallok—formed one of the out-stations of Marangan run. It had at one time been the residence of an overseer. Two flocks of sheep were kept liere under the care of shepherds—" ticket of-leave-men." The Yallok block subse quently became amalgamated by purchase with Marangan, and was used as an out station up to the time of its being aban doned, which will be explained hereafter. • The time at which 1 visited this portion of the country was at the close of the year 18—, and as my visit was preceded by a long drought it presented by no means a cheerful aspect. A sheep run in a dry season invariably assumes this phase, and has a most depressing effect on a wearied horseman, tired out with a hard day's toil (as was my case) in looking after lagging shepherds, and in seeking—not grass, for at these periods none is to be seen—but sufficient herbage to keep his stock alive. The country for the moat part consisted of lightly-timbered undu lating land/ and vast treeless plains; the latter destitute of all vegetation, occasioned by the long period of diy weather ; the surface so parched and cracked that it seemed as if sterility was to reign therefor evermore. The timbered country contrived to still maintain a short growth of dry withered vegetation, which might be denominated grass. I had started from the Goulburn with sixteen thousand sheep in veiy low condition, compelled to journey long stages in quest of feed and water, so that by the time I reached Marangan I had lost a couple of thousand. This was on the 24th of December, for I well recollect the day or rather the night of that day. Marangan head station was situated ten miles distant, and on comiug into camp at noon, I decided on placing a man in charge and riding over to ask the owner's permission to allow the stock to remain for a day, to ■recruit their strength. When within half a mile of the station I overtook a £entlen&n; riding in that direction, and discovered after a brief conversation that lie, Mr. Elmore, was the proprietor. Having stated my name and purpose of my visit, he said chat under the circum stances he would grant my request, but -insisted on my going to the house to par take of refreshment. Mr. Elmore was a "bachelor, bijt his home was surrounded by those comforts and conveniences, and had that air of neatness which is supposed to <belong Bolely to those which are under "the supervision of the " better-half" of the married proprietor. We had adjourned "to a cold verandah, opening out into a garden highly cultured, and had just taken the first nip of " three star" when Elmore said, with something of a smile, " I think you said you are camped at the Yallok waterhole." " Yes," I replied somewhat slowly, for I could not account for the peculiar tone in which,the words were uttered, "it is the first place since I started where I have fieen any feed, and that was my reason for wishing .to be allowed to spell the sheep there." " The grass is generally good there ; it -was an did folding gruund, &ud; as the travelling «tock 'h*ve this year taken the lower route., it has not been trespassed -upon muA, «uejit sow and then by my x>wn stock.* " How is it," said I, " that the place thas been abandoned? It seems to me to :be a very suitable spot for an out station ; the cowutry.is good, and you have perma nent water situated centrally." " Well, there are two or three reasons, one being that none of the station hands scared to stay there. A story has got abroad that a spectre has been seen, and rather than sack the shepherds, together ■with the other reasons, I removed the material to another place—at least what could be moved with convenience. I have no faith in these visions myself," he .continued, "and for that reason have fiever troubled myself as to the origin of jthe rumour." " And what,'' said I " are the circumr stances connected with the appearance of -this super-natural visitor !" " The Yallok block, before I purchased it, was a small station stocked with a few sheep. It was in charge of an overseer or Buper, for the owner, who was a specu lator living in Sydney. When I bought Yallok I took the shepherds into my em ployment, leaving one flock there under a man named Barty. Bariy was a married snan with no family. About twelve tnonths afterwards Ills wife died. Her death must have taken place suddenly, or her illness caused her husband no un easiness, for I heard nothing of the matter until death occurred. A magisterial en quiry was held, at the dose of which Barry was severely censured for neglect ing to seek aid, but as there was no evidence to show positive neglect on his part nothing further came frum it. Barry was a careful shepherd of rather a quiet . disposition, bat during the last half-year Jie was in my employment grew sullen, morose, and se«ined at times to be ex tremely absent-minded. A.iout three months after his wife's death he left my employ. All went w*rJI ui h tlx* man whom I had put in Barry's p'acp until« n • j morning « <i.rvu'c.k h- ujy .ii.ud ht-iu without boots or hat, agitated an <fexcited, stating that he had heard unearthly noises like moans or lamentations. He had, he said, got up to discover the cause, bat as it was very dark he could but dimly discern eou;e gliding object which frightened him so much that he instantly retreated. He, then became desirous of Ratifying himself what the object Teally was that had caused his terror, and he accordingly again sought a view of it. His courage rose and continued firm until he caught sight of a tall man leaning silent and motionless against the broken windlass of the well. He addressed his silent visitor but vouchsafed no anewer. He turned to possess himself of some weapon, by which to test whether it was of material substance or not, but oh again looking to the spot he found it had disappeared. This did not tend to allay his fears. He be came convinced it was no mortal, and his terror having reached the culminating point he made a bolt for the head station. This is all that has come to my knowledge concerning the visitation of the Yallok spectre," continued Elmore, " which in my opinion exists only in imagination conjured up by too deep potations in rum. The story gained credence among the station hands, so that no one cares to go there, and as a shanty was building within a mile of the place, I deemed it advisable for the shepherds' good and the flocks' safety, to fix on another sheep camp." " It is a pity," said I, " you are not acquainted with this gentleman of the other world, I might then obtain an intro duction ; the orthodox opinion is that they are very sparing in their words, but still it would afford me the proof I have I long desired—that departed spirits have the power of making themselves visible to mora's." " What are your opinions regarding these so-called apparitions ?" " I think, as you do, that they exist , only in imagination ; that the brain rauBt be in a diseased condition, or that portion in the region of what phrenologists call the bump of wonder." " I am glad you so thoroughly agree with me. Most persons have no opinion one way or the other ; or, if expressed, rather incline to the idea that they do revisit the earth." " I can easily understand how people, intellectual and well capable of managing with credit their worldly affairs, allow their credulity to be imposed upon by these nonsensical stories. Alan kind, whether civilised, barbarous, or savage, have felt at times, when in a darkened solitude, a kind of mystic awe creep over them. Darkness, that majestic demon, has drawn a veil over the world and shut out from our view objects which, in bright day, prevented the mind from dwelling on things connected with that mysterious invisible world beyond that which meets human eyes, and allows it full liberty to explore the labyrinths of the hidden world in imagination, only to give up the problem without having gained any knowledge, and yet impressed with a kind of terror. There seems no reason why departed spirits should not appear to us during day as well as at night. I have no doubt the reason ghosts are seen at night is because what is mistaken for a spirit or shadow is really an object of earthly sub stance, andthat the beholderis too terrified to a ascertain what it really is." " I have not two opinions on the mat ter," said Elmore, " and as you are deter mined to return to camp this evening, you may, if you do not sleep too soundly, have, an opportunity of seeing his ghost ship, for the few visits with which he is credited are invariably paid at this time of year." " And that reminds me that I must be in camp before the second watch goes on ; although," said I, looking at a ther mometer, " the mercury still remains at a respectable height, so, with thanks, I must say adieu." Passing over the interval which elapsed from the time of my leaving Marangan to my arrival in camp, I may say I arrived there in the early part of the night, and having arranged the duration and change of watches, rolled myself in a poncho and lay down to sleep. My horse 1 had turned loose, unhobbled, knowing that he would soon find his mates, which were kept on & patch of grass near the old hut, under the care of the blackboy. I had slumbered I know not bow long, but long enough to create a disinclination to get up, when I was awakened by the blackboy and addressed thus - " Master whitefellow sit down 'long a well; mine think it big one crankey ; that one yan along o' creek like it snake ; think em steal em yarraman." " Oh, go to I replied, in no amiable manner. The poor creature turned to go back when the words which I had heard in a ' half-wakened state came forcibly to my i mind, and calling my dormant Benses into play, at once realised the position, Call- j ing to the blackboy I bade him wait for ! me while 1 looked round the sheep. " Now, Jacky," said I, on returning, " we must catch thiB fellow; are you game V " Mine think it that fellow baal shoot." " Baal frightened debbil debbil." " No fear," promptly responded Jacky. For the information of my readers I must hear state that Jacky was altogether free from the chief failings which render i the employment of blacks in many cases undesirable. He was perfectly honeet, a trustworthy messenger, was not in the habit of bothering me periodically to get away, and, although asking occasionally for a nobbier, never got drunk nor spent his money in drink. The most remark able trait in his character was that he was entirely free from that superstitions terror which makes our sable brethern so afraid to travel alone in the dark, expect ing every moment a " debbil debbil" to jump up. " Well," said I, " pull away, Jacky." Proceeding cautiously we gained a large aloe bush within a few yards of the well, and there saw the figure of a man stand ing motionless in a leaning posture beside the well. There was no moon and a thick haze obscured the stars so that few were visible, whose light scarcely enabled me to more than discern the outline of his form from where I was standing. All nature seemed lulled to rest; neither sound of beast nor bird, nor the faintest sigh of a breeze; not a leaf on the tall gum trees around us stirred; nothing broke the death-like stillness. Having stopped at first to consider my mode of action, and still watching the statue-like figure of the man, I became as it were fascinated, and must confess to a feeling of fear creeping over me as, rooted to the spot, I fell myself growing ineapable of action. Shaking off the momentary fear, I ordered Jacky to go round the hat, dis tract the strauger's attention and assist me when I dashed forward to secure him. The average reader will ridicule the idea of sending a blackfellow to encounter what inittht be a "ghost" bra "devil devil/' l«nt.spare your s*r -asms, dear reader, for lot ,t bu tjqilaiiiefl that Ja ky was fear proof, being primed with two stiff nobblers of genuine Hennessey, and at that moment would have attacked, had I bid, all the imps in Hades, with Lucifer at their head, if they had appeared. However, to return to my tale. Jacky had gone, and as I was herring myself to attack lite man demon, or goblin, br whateverit rnisht be, I heard avoice in a ^ hollow Si suppressed tone proceed from the direc tion of the figure, as if in self- accusation. If any doubts entered my mind as to its being aa earthly inhabitant, they now vanished. My place of concealment waft too distant to hear the words, and being desirous of gaining some insight into the motive of the strangers visit, I prepared to stop forward, when it crossed my mind that it would be advisable to use a little caution, for though the man seemed wrapped in thoughts of the past, or future for anght I knew, a false step, or the mere crashing of a stick, might ruin the oppor tunity offered. While these thoughts were passing in my brain, Jacky creeping slowly round, had almost attained the position he required, when treading on a broken glass bottle with a bare foot, hiB caution forsook him, and hopping on the uninjured foot, gave vent to a most emphatic oath. The stranger conceiving that his utter ances had been overheard, made a charge at Jacky, as desperate as a wild beast. Jacky was no stranger to contests of this kind, and preserving his presence of mind, seized a hurdle paling and dealt his assailant % sharp blow, which waB partially warded, " Were you listening you b ," ut tered the ruffian, as he again dashed on the unfortunate black. Fortunately for the latter I succeeded in tripping his opponent, having reached : him just in time, and laying him his full two yards on the earth. Assured that he was a felon or a lunatic, I resolved to secure him for the night at all events, and a desperate struggle again took place. "T> the fellow," said I, "he has i the strength of three men." The contest was in our favor, our opponent being' down, yet we could scarcely retain our 1 advantage. He seemed able to shake off! the blackfellow as easily as a dog shakes j a 'possum. We secured our prisoner at last, using our straps as temporary fetters. > I then told Jacky to bring me from the j camp a small rope and a thong, while I ! kept guard. He soon re- appeared with the material, and having thus secured the Yallok spectre we repaired to camp, leaving our prisoner as comfortable as was in our power until morning. " The horses don't require looking after till daybreak," said I to the blackboy " so you may Bleep at the camp." The laughing jackass had sounded bis first note as I jumped from my hammock ] and was about to walk to the old hut when 1 saw Jacky coming by there on his J return visit to the horses. On coming to me he said, "That fellow yan—away." " What, the man gone. "Mine thinkit that fellow pull away; long a Murray." " Oh well," said I, " let him rip, be he ! what he may, your life is saved luckily." 1 ******* A succession of good seasons had fol lowed each other, aud llie pastoral in terest was again in the ascendant; it had in fact attained its zenith, and would probably have maintained its altitude had not that insatiable greed which invariably characterises the prosperous man induced a habit of whirli when the bad seasons set in compelled many who were wealthy to sacrifice their pro perties, while others had to seek the protection of the Insolvent Court. This has no reference to our story further than it was the cause of my emi grating to New South Wales. I had been resident there some time wlien business of importance led me to journey to a distant town on the Murray River. The summer'season had set in; there had been very little rain during the winter and spring, yet the feed was good except on the sheep-stations. The water was however, scarce, the only drawback to Riverina, that land which literally speak ing flows with honey if not with milk. Desirous of reaching my destination as early as possible, I was loath to halt on the road, but on crossing a Billabong creek, I believe it is called " the Billa bong," thirst and the intense heat induced me to take another view of the matter. Arrived shortly at a station, with the owner of which I was slightly acquainted Cordially received and treated with the usual bush hospitality, we were seated in the coolest spot to be found—the verandah —discussing the usual topics, when a flock of sheep was driven close by the house, and Mr. Boyne left to speak with the shepherd. " That is a peculiar man," said Boyne on his return, " he has been here some years, never drinks to my knowledge; yet as sure as Christmas comes round he is on nettles to get away—for a spree I suppose." ' " He appears a melancholy individual." " I have always thought that something weighs upon his mind. He has often come to me as in the present case as if to tell me something of importance, which ends in his going away with some trifling story." * s " Are sheep safe under his charge ?" "Yes; with all his crankiness he has never lost jany, and as he always chooses a certain time to go on his yearly spree 1 can supply his place, so that it occasions no trouble." " I did not see his face," said I, "but am sure I have seen him somewhere, and cannot account for the strange interest I feel attached to that circumstance. . . I had barely reached my own home when glancing at a paragraph in the local paper I saw that in accordance with a con fession made by Owen Barry to his em ployer of having committed a murder in Victoria many years ago, he (Barry) was duly arrested by the police on Christmas Eye, ten years after the murder was com mitted. He stated to Boyne that the skeleton of the murdered man would be found in a well at the old Yallok station, Loddon river, Victoria ; that his life had become insupportable, he was afraid to commit suicide, and that he thought he would be happier by confessing the crime, even if he was compelled to forfeit his life as the penalty. The place indicated by Barry was searched, and there was found portions of a human skeleton in a suffi cient state of preservation for the medical men to satisfy themselves as to its sex and the nature of skull fractures which might be inflicted with the weapon acknowledged bjjr the prisoner to have been used bv him in the commisson of the crime. The trial occupied but a short -time, and the prisoner was sentenced to death In the usual way. He was executed in the Melbourne gaol, the oniy persons present being the officials, the clergyman, and press reporters. His statement was that ■" while employed at ^allok as shep herd, a gold-digger vho had lost his way came one ni^lt to the hut where he and his wife lived. The digger carelessly dis-4 played some nuggets .in his possession, which raised the cupidity of Barry's wife. 1 Thediggerwasiaooommcidated with a shakedown in the kitchen, and the three ha^i^J^p<i^^bottt6 ofirain ratired to their xespectivcf places of rest. Mrs hankering wish to obtain po^eanon pf the atrtagerVgold, towhidi l^firatr would not, listen, bat ultimately was overcome by 3us wife's importunities. When . they judged the strangerasleejjj they made .their way to his bed, hnt in? securing the: goldthe diggerawoke. He defended his property, and BWore he would lag them. 1 A: straggle took place, and Barry, seizing a toma hawk, rained blows on the -unarmed miner until the body lay motionless. Assisted by his wife, he threw the body into the well and covered it Over with rubbish. Horrified at his crime, he could make no use of the gold, and he still retained his billet. Mrs. Barry & lew days after was attacked with fever, and in her ravings frequently spoke of the murder, which so alarmed the prisoner that he kept her illness a secret, much to his own satisfac tion, until death took place. The crime continued to prey on his mind so that he had no peace. He left his employment, and crossed the border to the adjoining colony. But here also his conscience troubled him. , He felt also as the period of the year came round upon which he committedr the murder .,< an irresistible desire to revisit the scene of the murder, a desire so strong that he "never could disobey it. " 1 am now," he added, "to pay the penalty of a crime which has in flicted on me for years the tortures of hell. I leave the world without regret." The condemned man was executed, and. the spectre of Yallok appeared no, more.. 