i i NOVEMBER 32, 1880. : " '* ■* ' ' ' THE AUSTRA j. -v.- .jstor. beeves.- . ! " — *li*n&httufc; to-day and to-morrow fc^Jmda 'will fcfe buffering from a vio , > i Smtfft^k of cricket, and as it iB un l,-fcttly*hst attention would be given td srlMes on any ©titer subject, we *? awSl cGntentoarselvfcean this occasion ' *'* W e^ira'siflgthfe fropeihafc tliiB visit of the Australian Eleven may prove r 6qBua3iy»ati8^a(^pryiiq3iemselv^8 and. •' *' tb our- local cncketei®. The .Eleven , heroes in 1he game. They have " teir&ftm; a Beriesofeontests in factory, or art all events tho ad-_. »««■«, on ^ici ^de. Tie team displayed no Miaa|e-»3gwng to tte "Very ^oicerif abodes °f cjieket, ^ U Ae mOTt expetft pro ; -. t .■ '{esnrB ofihe game~ ' At the result -» justified their action. Pieir successes \- fWtnrtfe but have attracted .the atten : : titrnof t£e good folfaatioihe to these colonies, so that in many ways tene cial results may arise out of the i t s? ^ftagmlly ■ Wtwi in whicjh the Australian and English tesn® have " thus been engaged. Is there nbt also ; ;'d lesson to be derived fiom the com position i){ the icun ? • It represents ; -net one colony alone, but a federation \- of colonies; mid we believe that in * 'jmaiT pther ripapects other than mere 7 U athletic eports, tha Australiaa colonies • to achieve success must in place of working independentlynnite in joint 4 1 concerted action. . . - Australians, are naturally anxious •" to do ipnor .to the Eleven, and it will beaVffliatfcer of blasting to our local ' 'cricketers that tfeey havehid the honor—ev^n thofugh itbe with such oStein tlifeir fav&te; ifS^regstfds num _ here—to have met in the tented field . \- these victoriousfangh'te of the wiHow. , . But it is not simply by crieketerajhat, " this honor ^ mown to tlje gallant Eleven. The Lord Mayor of the most . important^cfty in the woild did Hot itb^iftatti to raiter *«n them at that outward and visible sign of f?1 Tfogli«bi"«n'« inward and hearty esteem——a bitt^uet. Is it a matter, for wonder then that His Lard-. : T chips of humbler degree in Municipal rant should ateb gladly Extend *o them the right hand of fellowship f * His Worship the Mayor . they reached our Metropolis on the passage outwards; the Mayor of "fiJawler went down to Adelaide to malrfl arrangements for their visit to V 'Showier; *nd to-day our worthy Mayor i and Councillors on behalf of the town, receive . entertain the stalwart virft0*8jinwhosehonor,too, to-morrow ■. afteniop® is to l>e observed as a public holiday. We fqUy antici -pate seeing a very large, gathering at Dutton Park of those who We the manly , game, and avher " wish , to pee it played by our cricketers. They can, how etree, hardly erpcjet to see it played to _ the very best ^ advantage, as we are ■ " not vain enongb t6 think that even ~ * " can put our Hie Eleven «et together like afitomiiiy-conBtructed. iaflChine have never before played togetiser, and will hardly tiioW bow- far. to .depend on each other. BtiB, even with that disadvan . tage, we may fairly expeCt'good play, ®jr q£ aU iy i^ttgiisH games which hare been Replanted to the colo • nie& nQB©, taS .Is^.deeper root or thtweti befcfcer than cricket j ana many of opr country players are by no 1 meads to be'pi^ered at either as bats mea W 4>owlei^ We therefore in x dulge ii the %>pe that Hiough they are Joredbomed to be defeated they mpv nofe b? gwamefelly beaten, and '^31 be propitious, so l itat linliaay-makers tnay, ^joy h th '% dmappointeLent was feft by >)8B*-"loc£il) players t£atthe Eleven as they really should in fair v li^il lutve dwie, come to Kapunda ' Cl«b simultaneously \- Ugli6r ralethftiiGawWr ;.l>ut * r^ter«ll we don't know that their later disadvantage, for after rip they would need prac ipjbo fonn, and we may therefcre &ok; ontheir G^awler match as bod practice ere they rrtwo on Dutton Park _ if their play at Boa Para "getting into fonn" We dflft^4tiiiw what is to be ex pected whe^fli^iii* attained form JV3 r^^x, 0?*r rc*derf "1 seen the play to perusing any anticipatory re marks on it, so once again expressing our hope that the visit may prove to be one which shall afford pleasurable memories to all connected with it, we bid the Eleven under Captain Mur doch a hearty welcome, even though ,that teaih includes in its ranks a veritable," Demon.'* r Tins Cbofb.—We regret-to'hear from Very many quarters that red raSt is appearing in the Crops, and doing in 86xae^doce» consider abl4 d&mage.;' ■ ; "Cebtoms Receipts.—The amount received by the CostdmB authorities during the week endfed November 13 for duties was £4,379 17b. 1SL Staple Pbodttce.—The value - of staple produce exported daring the week ended 13th November was £90,471. This includes flour to'the "Value bf £26,282, wool to the value of £53,986, and copper ore £5,630. - Railway TJbcehts.—We note by the QiOdfyi that tM T»tal ;Tecdpts on all the Gtiverninlsnt tail ways for the we6k ending , fovEinber tJ, was as Jollowa :—.Passenger n ceipts, £2,913 18s. Od. ; goods, £6,551 19s. Sd.; miscellaneous, £137 '9s. 9d.; total, £9,603 7s. 5d-, being an increase' of £3>l9o lis, 33. oil the corresponding week of last year. Kaotitda Hospital.—We have received from Mr. Poliinghorne. Marrabel,the pay notes of two of the jurors on the inquest on Michael JLjan as a donation, to the funds of the. ffnapital MunicipaIi Nominations.—We would re mind our local readers that, the nomination of candidates to fill the. various vacancies* in Ju ~aPan^a Town Council will take blace at the Couneil Chamber at lioon on Thursday the 25th inst. ! , 1 a , ^TmTMMBus Teas Book j?ob 1879 80.—We are in receipt of, Mr. Hayter's ex cellent annual volume, which we shall as usual deal with more fully shortly in our leading colmnns.^ We note that it contains some additional features of considerable value. _ Lsstoit, Shakes, & Go.'s Sale Yabds.— The Eapunda yards of the above firm, which 1 faave.served them for so long, having heen found quite inadequate : for their growing I -requirements, have to a great extent been j pulled down and rebuilt in such a manner as to gtre considerably increased accommodation. J On Saturday last the first sale .in the new yards was held, when as nice a lot of horses as ever we remember seeingwere yarded. The sate was jiot veiy brisk, doubtless owing. , the feet of the fanners being busily engaged with their hay harvest* but the hulk of the stock was sold at satisf actoiy prices.; ^The Austeamak Eleven at CUwieb.— Tha 4flstralian Eleven's £rat match since their return added another to their long list of undisputed victories, for thongh it really •111 a dra:W it was most" decidedly in theurfayo^ The Eleven put 223 together, °f (65), Palmer (44, not out)! and Alick JBannerman (43) wgre the principal Amtnbutore^ Fawcett bowleil^weU, bowling four oyeis Wr three runs, and air easy *"m. Thirtwentyiwo; scored. m ?rat attemptj Clark makin g 2D and Churchman 14,itndin thesecond when time, waff caaefl nine wick&shadfallen; for 44, of • which fitottmadelig; „ Sattfhflaj evening iast as thedock Btrhck seven Mr. a. Fotherangham ^d another. young mauTeached the corner of ±tiu-8fcreet jfrom Adelaide, which place they leftist 2 p.m., mateng a good stay at \ra.wler by lie way. ■ TheT bicyclists did not ^ •-fagRed ^ jounney, land Tee nM^Wnlly add nor did; ^eir iron! steeds, Which had consumed fleithier hay nor coals and no water by the way.' • ; . -.PBOgESBQBr POTFEB'S EnTERTAINSTESTS. . We need hardly remind our readers that' ProfesBor Fepper is to givo the first of three consecutive performances at the Institute to morrow. His former Visits vrere so nmoh «p pwMted, his entertainments combining as as they did instruction and amusement in so welcome a degree, that we hope his present ^entertainments may be given to crowded aiinieHcea. That of. to-morrow night certainly should he, for our country visitors even if aomewhattired by the dose of cricket they wiu have had during the two days'match, will find themselves wonderfully refreshed by a dose of Pepper at alight. They will then be able to see a number of ghosts without ■wait ing for. their appearance until the traditional hour when the clock strikes the midnight hour of twelve. ^ Thb Visit of the Attsxealian Eleven. —It is hardly necessary to remind our readers that to-day and. to-morrow -we will have amongst us the team of Australian cricketers which has won lasting fanm for ■.itself nad&he; colonies in England. If all things WM& smoothly, the reception given to itwiji be acredit to the town. The cricketers willarrive by the first-train this morning, and Committee of rthe Chacket Club and conducted to traps, when they will be driven up the Main-street as far as the Model School and . baek jto prase's hoteL At 10 o'clock they will ' be accorded a public welcome at the TrmKfn^ Hall by the Mayor and Corporation on behalf of the town, at which the public and ladies are cordially invited to attend. At 11 o'clock they, will he entertained at a public banquet at Crase s Hotel. Play /will commence on both days at 12 30 sharp. ; There,will be a slight alteration in the compogitloo of the team_ selected to 'represent "Sie northern districts; Gawler will send oily two men, Brunswick Mitchell, of Jamestown, taking the place of the third. In the Clare contin- ■ gent, Harder (who has met with an accident) and the Rev. S. Mitchell will be unable tp play, their places being taken by MacDonald and Filgate. The concert by the Pnilhar- i momc Society this evening, under the patronage of the Australian Eleven, promises to be well attended, as already a large number of tickets have heen sold. We trust financially the visit may be successful, and that the attend ' aw»: will be such as to reward our local cricketers for the amount of energy and spirit they have displayed in this matter. Mr. Bird has kindly offered a bBt for the highest scorer in'the Kapimda contingent, and Mr. Scandrett will give a ball for the best average bowler on the side of the twenty-two. MdnctPAL aatHKRINQ-.—Air Councillor J: A. H; Thiem being about to retire from the representation of North Ward invited his fellow Councillors and a few friends to supper on Thursday evening last at the Prince of Wales Hotel, K&punda.; The veiy best ef forts of the host and hostess were put for ward, and the result was alithat could be desired. After the good things of this life i. were duly disposed of, the loyal toasts wet® given by Mr.- Thiem, and heartily res ponded tor Bis Worship the Mayor (Mr. J. Bbwett) then proposed the health of Cr. and Mrs. Thiem, and-in doing- so passed a very high eulogium on Mr. Thiem as a Councillor, stating that should he stand again he was sure he would be returned. Cr. Cameron supported, and bore testimony, to the useful ness of Cr. Thiem, and to the zealous way in which he had discharged his duties, trusting that Mr. and Mrs. Thiem might be spared for a long life and happiness. Crs. Green shields and TTren also spoke of the good ser vice of Cr. Thiem bad rendered to the Coun cil during the past two years. . Cr. Thiem in responding thanked them for the hearty man ner they had received the tout. He could assure them that he felt a pleasure in serving the town and acting with the present Coun cillors. He had endeavoured; to do his duty without fear or favour, and if he had suc ceeded that was a sufficient reward. Hie had been connected with the district some twenty - four years. Whatever he and the other Councillors had done was, he was sure, dime from pure motives—for the 'benefit of the town. (Cheers.) Cr. G-reenshields proposed the health of His Worship the Mayor, speak ing in high terms of the services' rendered by Mr. Bowett during his. terms of office. He regretted to see that Mr. Peafce at a recent meeting had charged His Worship with neg lect of duty, for euqh had not been the case. Cr. Thiem also complimented the Mayor on the way in which' he had discharged the duties. His Worship returned thanks, and spoke highly of the Councillors with whom lie had been associated during his term of office. He repudiated the idea that he had in any way slighted the ratepayers,'On" the contrary he had given his time to the furtherance of the interests of the town. When he was'asked to call a public meet ing he did so at such time as he thought would be most convenient for all parties. Mr. * Scaiidrett prdposed'theCodncillors/^nd stated ; that theywereentitled to the hearty thanks 1 of all the ratepayers for the time and trouble they gave to the discharge of their duties. Cre. Waters and IJren responded, and whilst "admitting tbat they as a Council might make mistakes, their intention was to do their duty to the town. The officers of the Corporation were proposed by Cr. Thomas, and responded to by the Town Clerk and Inspector Wheare. Cr. Nicholson proposed the town and trade of Eapunda, . expressing his belief that although trade might not be brisk just now it would recover. Mr. Bird (Messrs. Wills and Co.'s commercial traveller): in a good*' speech returned thanks, expressing his full' confidence in the stability of the jfcown. A . few other toasts followed, anil14 moat enjoy able evening was closed frt3h '"Auld lAng Syne." We .must not omit to mentioiithat the epread was first-class," doing the greatest credit to all concerned: Dating the evening the. Council were comulimented on the prompt action they had taken in connection with the reception of the; Australian Eleven. Mr. Bird said he would give a-cricket hat for the highest score made by a Kapuodaite playing against the Eleven, and-MrJ Scan drett promised a ball to the best average bowler in the Northern team. Hollow ay's Pills.—Though good health is preferable to high honour, how- re gardless people often are of the former—how covetous of the latter! Many suffer th ir strength to drain away ere maturity is reached, through" ^Horance of the facility : afforded by thes6 incomparable Fills of check ing the first uutoward symptoms of derangement, and reinstating order without interfteringing in the least 'with their plea sures or pursuits. To the young Especially" is it important to maintain the highest digestive efficiency, without■ which the growth is stunted, the musclei become lax, the frame feeble, and the mind slothful. The removal of indigestion by these ^ills .is so^easy, that none save the most thoughtless would permit it to sap the springs of fife.—Advt. 