NEW YEAR'S DAY Holiday keepers this season aro undoubtedly in favour with tho clerk of the .woather. Yesterday was a lovely day, though rather warm for a while, but a pleasant breeze sprang up in tlie afternoon and was very refreshing. The city was almost deserted, the Huon regatta, together with the Domain, the Bower, Brown's River, and the Alountain, being the attractions for most folks, and thero was a general spirit o! enjoyment. Tlio only accident of the day — and that was a very melancholy one — was the drowning of tho boy from the Boys' Home, while bathing near Cornelian Bay. In the evening all the places of amusement found numerous patrons. HUON REGATTA, Patrons : His Excellency the Governor, Air. F. A. tVeld, C.AI.G., and the members for the district, the Hon. C. O'Reilly, M.H.A., Hon. J. T. Robertson, ALL.C.. J. E. Rishy, Esq., AI.lt.A. Treasurer : Mr, W. Cuthhert. Secretary : M r. , I. O'Beirne. Judges: Captain Culhbert, Captain 1'hiip, Captain Thyson. Umpire : Mr. H. Chesterman. Executive Committee : Alessrs. W. Cuthhert, J. E. B. Hawkins, .Tno, Clark, E. Langford, Jas. Clark (chairman), JT. Kildea, F. B. llill, and J. O'Beirue. The annual regatta was held yesterday at Ship wrights' Point, on tho picturesque Huon. The weather was exceedingly favourable. The arrange ments for convoying excursionists from and to Hobart Town wero of a most liberal description. Both tlie Southern Cross and Alonarch wero laid on for this purpose, the former leaving Hobart Town at about half-past S o'olock a.m., and being preceded 'by the Alonarch about 20 minutes earlier. For the amusement of the passengers by the Cross the Volunteer Rifle Band was stationed amidships, whilo the services of tho Tradesmen's Band wero secured for the Monnrch. There were upwards of a thousand excursionists, a large majority of whom were accommodated by the Southern Cross. Although there must have been quite 750 persons on board, the deck accommodation was found to be so ample as to be highly conducive to their comfort aud pleasure, Tho Cross was not long iu overhauling the Alonarch, which she passed off Brown's River. Luncheon was served on the Cross shortly before noon, and too much praise cannot be accorded tho providore, Air. F. Browu, for the manner in which this was done. There was an abundance of provisions of a most excellent kind, and no scarcity of choice selections of tho many varieties ot fruit now in season, lho trip was completed in about four hours, Shipwrights' Point being reached at half-past 12 o'clock. The regatta ground presented a holiday-like appear- arice. Exclusive of tho passengers by the steamers there were upwards of a thousand persons present; Thero was also the usual number of boothB, refresh ment stands, etc. The publicans' and committee booth, divided by a partition, was erected by Mr. W. R. Lucas, of the Picnic Hotel, Victoria. There was absolutely nothing done until half-past 1 o'clock, the committee preferring to await the arrival of tho Alonarch before commencing tbe pro gramme; then tbe first race, for barges, was started. At 2 o'clock tho luncheon was held. There were present the Hon. IV. Mooro (Colonial Secretary), the Hon. C. O'Reilly (Minister of Lands), Messrs. Risby and Belbiti, AI.H.A.'s, and others. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts, together with thoso of tlie Executive Committee and the Press, were honoured. Reference was made during tlie course of the pro ceedings to tlio necessity for having a proper jetty erected at tlie Point and to- the desirableness of developing the mineral resources of the dis- trict, while a hope was also expressed that the committee would at future meetings be enabled to offer larger prizes, and that greater competition would be tbe result. At the conclusion of the dinner tho second event, the Ladies' Purse, wbb Btarted, and the passengers by the Southern Cross returning to that vessel, the start home wards was mado about twenty minutes later. The Cross reached Hobarfc Town at twenty minutes past 7 o'clock, and the Alonarch, which sailed at 4 '30, arrived at half-past 9 o'clock. Sub- joiued aro the particulars of tho evouts which came off during the Btay of tlie steamers : — DAItGES. Open to all over 20 tons. Course about 10 miles in length. Good Intent ... (T. Nioholls) 1 Rebecca ... (J. Fitzpatrick) : 2 Skipjack (IV. Konyon) 0 Owing to tho light character of the wind this event was shorn of its attraction. It. resulted in a victory for the Good Intent, which passed the line .about 50 yards in front of tho Rebecca. ladies' purse. To be pulled for in four-oared whalebonts, not ex ceeding 2Gft, in length ; open to all. Course about five miles in length. Shamrock, Crew — G. Frost (1), R. Tims (2). J. > Lawler (3), R. E. Tims (stroke). J. Tims (cox) 1 Chance. Crew — T. Bayes (1), J. Russell (2), J. Ludgrove (3), D. Russell (stroke). H. Biggins (cox) 0 This event was was won easily by tlie Shamrock, whose crew was in excellent form. Tho crow of the Chance was not, and therefore had not the ghost of a chance. At tho start the Chanco pulled a good stroke, and gained a lead of about three icutiiBa JL iicjf ivurc ouuii uvvriiiiui"ii| Jiwvwvui) by the Now Norfolk crew, after which no oppor tunity was allowed thein of recovering their honours. 