: OCR CALIFORNIA LETTER, j i (fbom oub own cobbespondent.) i f i j SAN FRANCISCO, July 31. j Twenty-five years of land-grabbing, ten of stock gambling, and three of semi-comma- nism, have knocked the bottom out of busi- ' ness in this State. Never — well, hardly ever t I — since the occupation of this country by the j Americans have such dull tunes been known. People cast around for ' cause, and a large . majority ascribe it to. anything but .the real . ! eause : we have tod inihy consumers, too few i producers. One man raises, half a million centals of wheat; 500 do not raise a grain, ; and cannot get on the land to do. so. - What is the use of " blowing" abput the broad, acres of California if they cannot be purchased under 2Q dollars an acre? No poor man can ) settle on the lands at that rate. Well, what I do they do ? Those of them who can, leave I the State and go to our northern sister, | Oregon, and the adjoining Washington terri- j tory, where as fine land as any in the country i can be had — unimproved, of course— at a dollar .and a quarter an acre. Who would not leave " this for thatj" under the circum stances? ' Secondly, as the parsons say, what, has become of the hard earnings (though why earnings should be called hard, the deponent knoweth not) of oar servant-girls (we have a few), mechanics, and smtil tradespeople, and, for that matter, of the lordly wholesaler ? Ask thb thieving stock sharpB, -who work stocks and sales, holster-up. worthless mines, get fip excitements in. consolidated this and union the other.1 They won't speak — of course not ; but look at their banking piles, palatial resi dences, fast trotters and faster women, their well- filled, overflowing coffers, jaunts to U-rope , coarse tastes, and vulgar preferences, and find your answer, and cease wondering that business is bad. Ask the fraudulent rings in the two old parties — Republicans as bad as Democrats, and vice versa — that made a change of Government a necessity; the newspapers who, for the sake of a few expec tant dollars, elevated into consequence a vulgar, illiterate boor, whose foul mouthings, backed by the inane shouts of a more vulgar rabble, shook the boasted Queen City of the Pacific from centre to circumference ; which startled and eventually frightened capital and enterprise from our shores, causing an in crease in expenditure for police protection, raising rates of fire insurance, besides piling up taxes that so rarely pile down — ask these questions, and a hundred more similar, and it will not be hard to discover why business is bad. In the meantime the harvest is being gar nered, and the aggregate promises to be large. Very few districts report a light crop, and if the present promises of light crops in Europe are sustained, our exports of cereals w ill be heavier than in former years. The glorious Fourth has come and gone. It was observed pretty much as in past years ; in fact, one celebration so resembles another, that, but for the fact that it was the Fourth, it would hardly be worth mentioning. Louis Kaplan was registrar of voters for this city and county, but, unfortunately for himself, he was a Democrat, while the party in power are Republicans, consequently Kaplan got " hoisted." No one can say but that he was an honest and painstaking official, and to his exertions we have been indebted for pure and honest elections — a fact that no other city in the country can boast of. Some comment ha's been evoked on the change of registrars being made on the eve of a Presidental election. The Governor's intentions may be all right, but it certainly, under the circumstanced, looks a little queer. The new registrar, J. L. Tharp, will be looked after rather sharply. We have just got our new city charter, or, 1 more properly speaking, that recommended by the board of freeholders, it is quite a lengthy document— too long by far for the ordinary citizen to read, much less under-, stands Some of the suggestions are com mendable, while others are quite the reverse. The greatest and almost insurmountable objection to it is the increase of salaried officers it provides for, and the concentration of almost unlimited power in the hands of anyone who for the time being may he mayor. Its defeat at the polls is almost a foregone conclusion. The census has made sad havoc with the estimated population of some of our cities. San Francisco, for instance, which was credited by directory compilers and news paper men with containing over ' 300,000 ; people, is only credited by the census -takers j with 212,517 whites and 20,549 Chiiiese, or a ; total of 233,066. Some people can't believe j it, and scratch their heads and wonder what I has become of the missing 70,000. The fact I is, they were never here. There is not room 1 ; "in the city to place thieta— no," .not even if . every hotel, dwelling, and shanty were filled i chock full. We aren't an empire city yet, i and, if matters don't improve,- shan't be in a hurry either. There has uf late years been a great rivalry between the cities ' of Chicago (ill.) and St. Louis (Moj. Roth uised to aver that it had the larger population,- and the industrious way in which either city used to compile evidence was worthy of a better ./ cause. Tbe census, however, puts Chicago away ahead, St. Louis didn't like this, so took a private census Of its own, using its policemen. But figures are facte, atid facts are stubborn things. So she will have to pull in her horns' until the next decennial census, when it is to be hoped she may be more fortunate. Chicago has over half a million inhabitants. Captain James B. Eads, the engineer who so successfully jettied the mouth of the Mis sissippi River, is paying our state .a visit in i connection with the deejpening and improving j of the Sacramento River. A .quairter; of; .a1 \ century, has not improved this once; fine stream. It is now full -of mining debris, mid is.yeatiy .eing pasts; it tan be easily forded during low water, Captain Ead« will- find that He has a bacder imt to crack in the Sacramento than he had in the Mississippi. He is, however, very enthusiastic on his proposed ship railroad across the Isthmus of Panama. ' Mr. A. Blanchet, another famous engine — engineers are all famous now-a-4ays—-an/ol - the projector of the Nicaraguan inter-oceanio canal, is also with us. Bis scheme js, of ourse, much better than either Eads s ra < road or Lesseps' s canal — at least lie . says .so, and he ought to know — and as, ne promises to save a trifle like 250 million , dollars in the construction, he has got our ears. Whether he will ever get anything eke, time will show. It is a pretty Safe bet of cigars for the crowd — say three — that neither scheme a»v at pre sent presented, will ever come to anything and that the year 1890 will come and go, and / there will be neither ditch nor road maqe. . Vive la belle France .1; asthe oorreg thing to say on the 14th. met. .The Gaulish ; , Frenchmen; aided and abetted:l)y Hibernian Frenchmen, had a "heap, tnjg time on the new French fete day. The Frenchmen did well, had A ggood time, &\- ' joyed themselves, didiit . -intense anyone else, and made l,'I(XwoL by ££0 i entertainments, ' which they gallantly pw i over to the Frp.ncTi Ladies' Aid. Society; and, what is more, no doe amongst them iB" ! charged with having mode anything "out ol ' ! the fete. We Americans might learn a lesson i here. ' ' .. j The political atmosphere J is getting de- ; cidedly warm. Clubs in the interests of the | different Presidental candidates are as thick . as a poor man's troubles. Besides the two ! regular parties, we are threatened with I1 aspirants on grnba6lc, .ahd latour, ttftd pro- | hibition tickets. These latter have not the : ghost of a show, and may be likened to the | annoying buzzing of mosquitoes on a warm spring evening, so little are they cotmted in the approaching contest. A f ew- fanatics may vote the tickets, but the mass of the "fiw and independent" will ndt; recorise Secretary Thompson, is already here, ana Reus . been visiting Mare lsland, the United Statee naval station. Secretary of the Interior Carl ' Schurz is coming, as is also President Hayes. California is among the very doubtful states, and must be gathered to the Republican fold by hook or by crook. Mexico, oar near southern neighbour, has just passed through a Presidentiai election, and for a wonder, without a pronunciamento. j There have been slight, disturbances, of j course, for your gentle Mexican could never \ vote without making some noise, still nothing | like what it used to be. Gonzales will un- ; doubtedly be the next President, with the pre v .incumbent, Diaz, in theCabinet as Minisuj? of War. Thus a strong Govern ment will be assured— an absolute necessity in that country. Uncle Sam's troops have for some time been trying to make a good Indian of an Apache, who rejoices in the j name of Yictoriq'; but whenever they get i within shooting distance of the delectable j brave and his score or so of followers, he crosses the frontier into Mexico, and so de fies pursuit. We made representations to Mexico accordingly, and asked, permission to cross the border; this was refused, but the aid of Mexican troops was granted to help to wipe4 out the maurader when he crossed into their country. Uncle Sam immediately gave permission to the Mexicans to pursue , the common enemy on to American soil should they , desire, a privilege they will doubtless avail themselves of. The good understanding between the two countries at present is most gratifying ; the armies on c both sides of the border are most friendly. Only the other day General Trevins„ a Mexican commander, married the daughter of oar American General E. . O. C. Ord. This i may.; be n small matter in itself, yet it is some - (evidence of the friendly feeling existing | amongst the better classes in both republics. " Our" Egyptian obelisk has arrived safely at New York, and in a short time will grace? or .mar, according to taste, a position in - Central Park in that city. William H ' i Yanderbilfc, it is said, has subscribed 75,OOQdol. towards liquidating the expenses incurred in transporting the much-coveted " chunk" of rock. . Both Memphis and New Orleans have, so far, escaped a visitation , from their ancient scourge, yellow jtever, and as this is the lever season, hopes are entertained that they may escape it altogether, the general health being at present good. This is due largely to the extensive system of drainage that has been carried but, partiitolarly in : the former city, since last season. _ ' ; r Dr.. Tanner is an eccentrie individual, who is trying to fast forty days and forty nights: ' So far, he , has been successful. His task, self-imposed, naturally excites considerable attention . ail over! the country, but store : 3 f particularly in Hew York, where he 'is. Hi is visited daily by crowds, including many- medical men, whb take great interest in him. He swalloxys. about a pint of water daity.' He is now somewhere about his thirty-thixd dayi so he may succbed. Whatgoo tile cess qf the ta mil do, it is hard to say. Rf cant be recommended as a sure way of retting even with h&rd-heartCd; lodgmg- hbuselcrepens, although it might be xrery tkehdhbhtiSes ' pockets were empty. Still, for myself, I prefer three squares" a dayVand atn witihg - to leave the stmg process to idipto like Dr. Tanner. ; . - _ \ ; , ' - ' Lome and Louise db nbtsbCm toget Dii very well with their Canadiah jrabjedte.' Royalty, even in imuiitpi t »wbut e» - American sCil. HH., vih 'oohfibHMCb oi ill-health, it is said, i s gojngto so ISiSnin Bpa or another, and LCDKker hito6d1iild>y -is gqing to resign the (toVernor-Generelehro of the blue noses, bo As to he near faik tnisiis." as she does not intend to leave old Eti£&nd; agaiti when she onto getstiiere. M il - some consolation to flwjr young couple will be ablb to go ihto hbtiSbv - keeping as soon as thty amve In the HR.H., hut hubby will Rave to desoend from Your Excellency to plain Marouis hot then that's their affair, not ours. - ' Fnao,bfe®n arai' verY warm, in the Eastern bfcates. Numerous deaths from sun stroke have occnrrbd. A heated blast seem It has been hpf pth lis, . toethto'but:bf'l®wavv/"r that your Glfrilb&fe;?. ' ' Richaifd Stowart-to r areabeui to Hew York city. May thr iivto beoast to pleasant places, and may thcy sooop in muchly of the almighty doHar J- 