A ROUNDABOUT PAPER ON EDUCATION. The following bright and interesting paper appeared last week in the Herald : — In this age of passionate enthusiasm for education, it is not, altogether uninteresting to have a look into some of the well-worn school books of the larger schools of human life. To Englishmen, 110 kind of education can be of more unspeakable importance than that which is given to tho junior officers of the British navy. And we have before us at this moment one of their school books, written by sailors, for young sea scholars, and published at Portsmouth by Griffin and Co., of ' The Hard.' In some respects the book has a wider range than the strictly pro fessional one ; and outside its technological teaching contains some very pleasant, reading. The reader will find the most minute descriptions of running bow-lines and bow-lines on a bight, of rackings on the lanyard, of parbucklings, of toggles, gab rope, and tho triatic stay-tables for ascertaining the strength of cables, hempen and chain, blank forms of the principal problems in nautical astronomy, and a variety of technical miscellaneous information in a * compendious form. But in the midst of all this extremely practical and no doubt invaluable matter the painstaking, laborious, and yet ehivnlrouB anther has inserted a long account of a naval fight. He has just been directing the attention of his young readers and students to the necessity in chasing to leeward or in chasing a steamer of watching her course, and if alio alters it, of instantly adopting a fresh one, when it occurs to him apparently that the time has come for a kind of religious lesson — for a few moments of contem plation and love— for the quickening of the nobler impulses ; in fine, for the inspiration and culture of enthusiasm and reverenco, and generous admonition. And so he goes on to tell, in Raleigh's tragical language, the ever glorious story of how Sir Richard Grenville fought the Spaniard under the isles of Florez, in August, 1591, Thero is a true appreciation of thorough teaching in the change. The young gentlemen have, doubtless, sufficiently fatigued themselves with the complexities of hitching and herring boning — with Grecian splicing and calculating the power of tackles ; and tlie time has como for enjoyment and for exaltation— for turning from the hard business of life, and finding ' a solitude, a refuge, a delight,' in the contemplation of the most heroic exploits— in voyaging in imagination with the lion-hearted Grenville : — ? ' How GRENviiiLE Fought the Spaniard. — In August, 151)1, Lord Thomas Howard, with six English line-of-battlo ships, six victuallers, and two or three pinnaces, were laying at anchor under the islands of Florez. Light/ in ballast, and short of water, with half their men disabled by sickness, they were surrounded by a Spanish fleet of 53 ships. Elecen out of the twelve Eng lish ships obeyed the signal of tho admiral, to cut or weigh their anchors, and escape as they might.. Tho twelfth, the Revenge, commanded by Sir Ri shard Grenville, of Bridcford, was unable for the moment to follow, of her crew of 190, ninety being sick on shore, and, from the position of tho ship, there being some delay and difficulty in getting them on board. But Sir Richard was in no haste to fly. He first saw all his pick on board and stowed away on the ballast, and then, with 110 moro than 100 men left to fight and work the ship, he deliberately weighed, uncer tain, as it seemed at first, what he intended to do. The Spanish fleet, were by this time on his weather bow, and he. was persuaded (we here take his cousin Raleigh's beautiful narrative aud fol low it in his words), to cut his mainsail and cast about, and trust to the sailing of the ship. ' But Sir Richard utterly refused to turn from the enemy, alleging that he would rather choose to die than to dishonour himself, his country, and her Majesty's ship, persuading his company 'that he would pass through their two squadrons in despite of them, and enforce those of Seville to give him way 5 which he performed upon divers of the foremost, who, as the mariners term it sprang their luff and fell under the lee of the' Revenge. . ' The wind was light ; the San Philip, ' a huge high-earged ship of 1500 tons, came up to the windward of him, and taking the wind out of his sails ran aboard him. Spanish ships were filled with soldiers, in soma 200, besides the marines ; in somo 500, in others 800. » » 0 a After many interchanged volleys of great ordnance and small shot, the Spaniards deliberated to enter the Revenge, and made divers attempts hoping to force her by the multitude of their armed sol diers and musketeers ; but were still repulsed again and again, and at all times beaten back into their own ship or into tho sea.' 'All that August night tho fight continued, ...the Bfcara rolling over in their aarl majesty, but unseen through the sulphur clouds which hung over tho scene. Ship after ship of the Spaniards came on upon tho Revenge ' bo that never less than two mighty galleons were at her side and aboard her. Before morning fifteen several nviuadoes had assailed her, and all in vain ; some had been sunk at her side, and tlie rest, so ill approving of their entertainment, that at break of day they were far more willing to hearken to a composition, than hastily to rnairc any more as saults or entries. 'All tlie powder in the .Revenge v/as now 'spent, all her pikes were broken, forty out of her hundred men killed, and a great number of the reBt wounded. Sir Richard, though badly hurt early in the battle, never forsook tho deck till an hour before midnight ; and was (hen shot through the body while his wounds were being dressed ; and again in the head, and his surgeon was killed ?while attending on him. The masts were lying over tho aide, the rigging cut or broken, the upper works all shot in pieces, and the ship her solf, unable to move, was settling slowly in the sea ; tlie vast lleet of Spaniards lying round hei in a ring, like dogs round a dying lion, and wary of approaching him in his last agony, Sir Richard seeing that it was past hope, having fought for fifteen hours, and having, by estimation, eight hundred shots of great artillery through him, commanded the master-gunner, whom he knew to bo a most resolute man, to split and sink the ship, that thereby nothing might remain of glory or victory to the Spaniards ; seeing in so many hours they were not able to take her, having had above fifteen hours' time, above ten thousand men, and lifty-thrce men-of-war to perform it withal, and persuaded the company, or as many as he could induce, to yield themselves unto God and to the mercy of none else ; but as they had like valiant, resolute men, repulsed so many enemies, they should not now shorten the honour of their nation by prolonging their own lives for a few hours or n few days.' 'The gunner and a few others consented. But such damoine arete was more than could be ex pected. of ordinary seamen. They had dared do all which did become men, and they were not move than men, at. lea-.t than men were then. Two Spanish ships had gone down, above fifteen hundred men wvro killed, and the Spanish Admiral could not induce any one of the rest of Ilia fleet to board the Revenge, again, 'doubting lest Richard would have blown up himself and them, knowing his dangerous disposition!' Sir Richard lying disabled below, the captain, finding the Spaniards as ready to entertain a composition as they could bo tu offer it, gained over the majority of the surviving crew ; and tho remain der then drawing back from their master gunner, thoy all, without further consulting their dying commander, surrendered on honourable terms ; ' the ship being marvellous unsavorie,' Alonzo de Bacon, the Spanish admiral, sent hio boat to bring Sir Richard on board his own vessel. Sir Richard, whose life was fast ebbing away, replied that ' he might do with his body what he list, for that he esteemed it not!' and as he v,'as carried out of the ship, he swooned, and reviving again, desired the company to pray for him. In a few hours, Sir Richard, finding hio end approaching, showed not any sign of faintness, but opoke these words in apanisli, ancl saui, nore cue jl, itienaru uran ville, with a jovial and quiet mind, for that I have ended my life as a true soldier ought to do that hath fought for his country, queen, religion, and honour. Whereby my soul most joyfully departeth out of this body, and shall always leave behind it an everlasting fame of a valiant and true soldier, that has done his duty as ho was bound to do.' When he had finished these, or other such like words, lie gave up the ghost with great and stout courage, and no man could per ceive any sign of heaviness in him. ''Such was the fight at Florez, in that August of 1591, without its equal in such of the annals of mankind as the tiling which we call history lias preserved to us. At the time, all England and all tho world rang with it. It struck a deeper terror, though it was but the action of a single ship, into the hearts of the Spanish people ; it dealt a more deadly blow upon their fame and naval strength than the destruction of the Armada itself, and in the direct results which arose from it, it was scarcely less disastrous to them. Hardly, as it seems to us, if tho most glorious actions which are set like jewels in the history of mankind are weighed ono against the other in the balance, — hardly will those three hundred Spartans, who, in the summer morning, sate ' combing their long hair — for death,' in the passes of Thermopylae have earned a moro lofty estimate for themselves than this one crew of modern Englishmen. .' After the action there ensued 'a tempest so terrible as was never seen or heard the like before.' A fleet of merchantmen joined tlie armada immediately after the battle, forming, in all, 140 sail ? and of these 140, only 32 ever saw Spanish harbour. The rest all foundered, or . were lost on the Azores. The men-of-war had been bo shattered by shot as to be unable to carry sail ; and tho Revenge herself, disdaining to survive her commander, or, as if to complete his own last baffled purpose, like Samson, buried herself and her 200 prize crew under the rocks of Sb. Michael's.'* After reading this, each man's feelings will be tho best comment ; but, if his patriotism be not stimulated, hi3 motives purified, and his spirit fired by such an example, he is not to be envied ; for it stands alone, even among thoso marvellous exploits — ' That fill The spacious times of great Elizabeth. With sounds that echo still.' A modern critic has in a delightful paper endeavoured to throw somo light upon what Shakespeare learnt at school. The critic has not only considered the history of tho Endowed Grammar Schools of England, and notably that of Stratford-upon-Avon, tho list of books and authors commonly U3ed in the Grammar Schools, the Iive3 of the schoolmasters who might havo taught the boy — but he lias included as elements of educa tion, the associations connected with the chapel and school -house of tho Ancient G-uild of the Holy Cross, the antique doorway through which tho boy passed out of the sunlight into the school's shade, the paintings on the chapel walls and tho countless influences of life and eon temporary thought, and story, and natural beauty, upon the aweful intelligence of the child. All those things, he says, 'must have melted as years went by, almost; unconsciously perhaps, into the capacious and retentive mind of tho marvellous boy and helped w:th the life of nature in tlie fields and woods, and the civic stir and social movements of the town, to prepare and qualify him for his future work.' In like manner the naval education of our chivalrous sea youth, of the 'curled darlings ' of the ocean, is, according to our author, to consist not only of a perfect knowledge of all that belongs to seaman ohip, but of tho cidtivation of that history in which imperishable actions lie recorded ' for tlie stirring up of horoick spirits to benefit their' countrie and enternise their names in like noble attempts.' After the fight on tlie 8th November last, off Autofagasta, ought not a new edition of this manual of heroism to be published, contain ing an authentic account of a struggle as daring, as magnificent, and as desperate as any in naval annals. Think of the forlorn chivalry of those officers of Peru (worthy in the palmiest days of tlie successors of Manco Capac to have carried the banner of the Rainbow — the armorial bear ing of the Incas — in the most glorious cam paigns). Think of them, one after another, springing over their dead superior officers, to the place of command and of instant death, and at last when all was lost— the guns useless — the rudder broken — the crew decimated — the officers nearly all killed or mortally wounded, the one left in command running up the flag and saluting it, and trying to gink his ship, even as the enemy poured in upon her. Is there any finer story written of naval valour than this of the men who fought and died on the deck of a ship bearing the name of one of tlie gentlest, noblest, and most unfortunate of Peruvian princes with whose sad history the American historian of the Spanish Conquest has made us all familiar? Liberating ourselves from the thraldom of admi ration inspired by this glorious action, it is not out of place to think for a while upon the very slight part that ironclads have as yet played in the bloody business of war. The first occasion on which an ironclad vessel was employed in war was on the 8th of March, 1862, when the Vir ginia (or Merrimac, as she had been called) which had been plated with layers of railway iron after her seizure by the Confederates, steamed out of port to attack tlie Federal squad ron at Hampton Roads, James' River. The engagement was a short but decisive one. In less than half-an-liour she had sunk the Cumberland, which went down with all on board, burnt the Congress, drove the Minessota ashore, defeated the St. Laurence and Roanake, blown up two small steamers, and captured two transports. Next day she met in battle the Federal ironclad Monitor, but the fight was a short one and without decisive results of anv kind. It is now some thirteen years and a half ago, in July, 1866, that the world looked on for the first timo at a great sea fight, iu which a number of ironclads of two nations were engaged. In the naval battle in the Adriatic, off the coast Dalmatia, there were in all eighteen ironclads, seven of the Austrian and^eWon of the Italian fleet, besides a number of frigates, two line of battle ships, gun boats, and paddle steamers. Neither of the commanders of tho hostile fleets in that desperate engagement was on board an ironclad. Admiral Persano, it will be remem bered, left the ill-fated Re d' Italia just before the battle began, and hoisted his flag on board the Affondatore, and Admiral Tegethoff faugh t and conquered in the wooden line of battle ship, the Kaiser. This vessel was at one period of the fight engaged with four ironclads simultaneously. She ran into the Re d'ltalia, the then noblest ship of the Italian navy, sinking her, and drowning 600 men, and at the same time poured concentrated broadsides onfthe others. Tho Palestro, which was coming up to support the Re d'ltalia, caught fire, and blew up, with the loss of nearly all her crew ; and the three hours' battle (it lasted from a little before 11 in the forenoon to 2 o'clock in the afternoon of the 20th July, 1866) was ended by what remained of the Sardinian fleet withdraw ing to Ancona. Of the gallantry of this engage ment on both sides there was no room for doubt. The drowning Italians were heard to the last shouting, ' Yiva il Re,' ' Viva 1'Italia,' and it is said as their vessels sank ran into the shrouds, so that their dying voices might be prolonged for even a few seconds, to shout their loyalty and patriotism. But tho conflict was disappointing to those who had up to that time confidently pro claimed the utter worthlessness of wooden ships under the new conditions of naval warfare. The Kaiser had borne the brunt of the battles— she had been engaged with four ironclads — she had lost her foremast, jibboom, and funnel, she was riddled with shot, a large proportion of the Austrians killed and wounded was of her crew, she had run aboard three Sardinian ironclads, heavily damaging two of thorn, capturing tho flag of one, and running down and sinking tho third in two minutes. And yet this wooden line of battle Bhip was safe at her anchorage in the Port of Lissa repairing damages an hour or two afterwards. It was a time of triumph for thoso who had regarded tho unwieldy and misshapen monsters of the deep — constructed in stern disdain to all those lovely lines of beauty upon which the eyes of sailors had so long feasted — as the harbingers and instruments of a decline in our maritime supremacy. The men who had looked upon tho old British ship of war as tho most majestic embodiment of the fighting force of the nation, who had regarded the old ships with their freights of glory as the sea carriers of the renown of England, through all seas and times — who saw imaged as it were in their atatelin?9s and comeliness tho very characters of the great sea captains from 1ho3e of the Eliza bethan ago, and nf the Commonwealth down to Dundonnld— (not, unworthy to he ranked with the very noblest, of them all) — these men saw not without a sentiment, of exultation, thai the wooden ships had still their work to do. It was gratifying to them that the designers of stupendous formless masses, whose aim it seemed to be to sweep all imaged of beauty from the sea, and who, in opposition to the laws of nature, were lavish of their highest ugliness, were arrested in their c.ouvsc by this signal humiliation. Tens of thousands of Englishmen, who had little or no knowledge or care about the fighting at Villa franca and Custozza, looked upon this sea fight at Lissa with the most absorbing interest, aud heartily cheered not the Emperor of Austria, but, his wooden man-of-war — the Kaiser. These were tho men who would admire and enjoy grand old Dryden's noble descriptive lines of a ship of war — (by the way, in these days of competitive ex aminations, should not all young naval officers for tlie honour of the service and the glory of letters be compelled to stand an examination in the '' Annus Mirctlilis '') — ' Like a rich bride does to the ocean swim, And iu her shadow rides in floating gold.' January 26, 1880. W. B. D. 