Open Boat Sailing. By Starfish. The watere of Woolloomooloo Bay presented a very pretty and lively scene on last Saturday to the goodly number of spectators who assembled on board the flagship, and also on the fair green slopes which form the western side of the bay, whose sunlit waters, covered as they were by sailing boats of all classes, from the canvas dingy to the majestic yacht, showed plainly the great interest taken by our aquatic sportsmen in the regatta about to take place. Among the various crafts which were threading their way through the numerous vessels lying at anchor, now luffing and then ? bearing away to avoid running foul of each other, one could easily distinguish the beautiful open boats of the Sydney Amateur Sailing Club, whose polished sides and flat white sail6 contrasted with the blue water and sky, and tall green trees which encircle a portion of the bay. There were our .splendid 24-footers moving over the calm waters with stately dignity ; the flying 19-footers, with their immense sails, heeling well over to the light breeze, and dashing along at a great rate ; also the lively 16-footers with their lofty sails, moving rapidly along, and keeping their live ballast continually on the alert, and at times converting them into . living levers to prevent their tiny crafts from being driven gunwales under by the ruinature squalls which came sud denly off the surrounding hills. It was indeed a grand ? spectacle, and one that called forth the admiration of the spectators, among whom were a number of our Exhi ? Irition visitors,; who appeared to be highly gratified and pleased with the sport. The committee deserve great praise for the manner in which the regatta was carried out ; and our visitors will probably remember the Woolloomooloo Bay regatta after they have gone from our midst and regained their own firesides ; and they will doubtless tell ? their own friends and their children little tales of our many open -boat contests, also of the skill with which they are ' handled by their pleasure-loving and healthy-looking amateur crews, who appear to be as fond of the waters of ? our harbour as the fishes themselves. Last Saturday was not the kind of day wished for by our open-boat sailors. Early in the morning it was dull and cahn, but about mid ? day a strong breeze set in from the S.W., and the sky gave every indication of a wild and stormy day; but just after 2 o'clock the wind shifted to south, and the remainder of the day was fail- and placid. The race for the 24-foot open boats is always looked on as the great race of the day, and always commands the greatest amount of interest. There were only four entrances, viz. — Mr. G. Elliott's Victor, Mr. N.Johngon's Snowdrop, Mr. R.Moodic's Lottie, ? and Mr. W. Johnson's Lizzie. The Carlotta, the Victor's ? o-reat rival, not having been entered, the contest between the Three cracks, Victor, Snowdrop, and Lottie, was expected to be very close, and the Lizzie was not to have a ghost of a chance. The event after all proved to be a very hollow affair. The Lottie having found a wind for herself, sailed over a great portion of the course, while the other three lay . together becalmed. Later in the evening, when the wind freshened, the Lizzie sailed the great Victor very close for second place, and beat the Snowdrop, who, after getting a long way behind, could not find water enough to the southward of Clarke Island to finish the race in, and after getting on the rocks, and off again, ? went home. The course was from fixed moorings in the bay, round Fort Denison, round Lightship and Sow and Pigs, round flagship and Fort Denison, round Clarke Island, and back to flagship. The starter (Mr. F. Thomas) ? sent the boats off from a splendid line. The Lizzie was smartest in getting away, followed by Lottie, Victor and . Snowdrop bringing up the rear. The wind now was very lignt, barely enough to fill their large sails ; they all had top sails aloft, and they looked very pretty as they crept past the flagship, with a dream-like motion, in the order named. After paBsing the flagship, Lottie blanketed Lizzie and got : past her. The two now set their squaresails and got further away from Victor and Snowdrop, who had previously loomed out their balloon- jibs. No change of position had taken place on reaching Fort Denison, when the : squaresails -were taken in, and they reached away for Bradley's Head, which was passed first by Lottie, with ? Lizzie not far behind, Victor and Snowdrop about a hundred yards astern. After rounding Bradley's Head, the square . sails were again sent aloft, and they ran lazily to the Light ship. Off George's Head the Lottie had gained slightly on the Lizzie, when the latter lost the wind altogether ; the Lottie got a little wind and went away slowly until she ? rounded the Lightship, when she too was loft in the dol ? drums, and gradually came back over the course she had just passed over. The Snowdrop was now past the Victor, and having a little wind, they came light alongside the Lizzie, who had for some time been drifting about in the tide. After the three came together they all for a time be eamc quite helpless ; the wind had ceased altogether, and they ? could not be kept on their course, having lost their steerage ? way. Theynowdriftedaboutforsometime.thecrewschafiing ? each other good-humouredly. A light breeze was now observed coming over the water from the east. The Lottie ?was the first favoured with the new comer, which took her round die Pigs, and Bhe went away in fine style— long before the wind was felt by any of the others. The breeze now reached them, and 'the Lizzie again drew away and got round the Pigs a good bit ahead of Snowdrop and Victor, ?who got round pretty well together. The Lottie all the time was bowling along with a fine breeze, and completely lost the others, who, as far as she was concerned, were quite out of the race. The Lizzie was still leading off Chowder, ?when the easterly again died out, and another drif ting match took place. The Snowdrop now went about, and stood over to Shark Beach, looking for a fluke, which she got in the shape of a southerly which had just sprung up, and after coming about on the port tack, crossed Lizzie's bows, ?who was now standing to Shark Point, with'Victor under her Ice. Victor was first about and passed under Lizzie's stem : the Lizzie now went about again, with Victor still iindei her lee, and they both stood to Bradley's Head, after ♦he Snowdrop, who was. now some distance ahead. The Victor forereached on Lizzie, and as they got close to Brad .iey's Snowdrop crossed them some distance ahead ; she stood out clear of the head, and went about, and stood up the north side of the harbour. The Victor now went about, and crossed the Lizzie, who also ?went about, and stood to the southern shore. The Lizzie now ?weathered on Victor, and when they both stayed at Point Piper the Liiusie was again a little distance ahead of Victor ; the Snowdrop, although well up the harbour, was a long way to leeward. The wind was now fresh from the south. A very good race took place between the Victor and Lizzie, neither getting much the advantage of the other. On reaching Potts Point A'ictor was leading Lizzie by «bout 2 or 3 lengths, Snowdrop being a trifle to leeward. Under the lee of the Point, Lizzie came again very close to, and a trifle to windward of Victor. The Snowdrop, finding she could not weather the flagship, went about on the star board tack, missed the Victor, and forced the Lizzie, -who was pushing the Victor very hard to go about. The Lottie for a long time had bpen out of sight, liaving the race all to herself. The Victor now rounded the flagship, and was going before the wind to Fort Denison : the Snowdrop rounded next, and Lizzie last. The three now set squaresails and bo change of positions took place until rounding Fort Denison, when Lizzie again got the weather-gauge of Snow drop and soon left her some distance astern. Clarke Island ?was rounded by the Victor about half a minute ahead of Lizzie, who was about the same distance ahead of Snow drop. The Lottie had, before this, finished the race. The Victor now reached away to the flagship, and got second place, the Lizzie not being far behind, The Snowdrop, while holding last position, got on the reef at Clarke Island ; when she got off she did not finish the course. 