(PUBLISHED DAILY.) FERI0: T!EOO. THUESDAY, MAECH 4, 1880. It in reiiorted in the telegrams from England that measures arc to be taken in the Imperial Parliament for putting down the 'obstruction' of the Irish Home Rule members. The resolutions embodying these measures will probably be passed before these lines appear iu print, and the Speaker of the House of Commons will have power to 'name' a member obstructing, and tliei-eaftf.1 suspend him for a term. It is indeed a sad thing that the free dom of debate should bo thus curtailed in the mothe.- Legislature of the Em pire. A power of this kind gives vir tually to a majority the power of clos ing discussion. Obstruction is a most elastic term, and the dangerous power of denniug it will be left to the ma jority. No such power has ever been giveu to a party in the House of Com mons before — it marks a quite new era in English Parliamentary history. Of course, the argument in favor of it is, that no such thing as systematic ob struction has ever before been tiied. It has always been found that the good sense of the minority has induced them to yield when it became evident that they had no power to enforce their point. But then, no such question lias ever been raised before as Home Rule. The advocates of it object, not to a par ticular measure or series of measures, but to the competency of Parliament. They allege that the House of Com mons has become, by the natural pro gress of events, unable to attend to all the business brought before it, and therefore claim inquiry into a project by which they alloge this defect can be remedied. Tho House of Commonx having denied this inquiry, its advocates make their protest by endeavoring to hamper its proceedings. ; Naturally, a deliberative assembly; must take some steps to prevent 'itself from being reduced to a nullity. ; But it seems to us that this step which they have now taken will lead to worse; mis chief thaniiefore. There is no reason to suppose that the Irish members will abandon tactics which seem to have the full approval of their constituents. And what sort of a position will the British Parliament be in if some, br all the. Home Rulers are 'named' and suspended, and Ireland be therefore, for the most part, left unrepresented 7 The complication would be intolerable. No one would, surely, desire to see Ireland revert to the condition of a Crown colony — that is, ruled by a Go vernment iu which the people had no share. . And yet the struggle in the House of Commons might lead vir tually to such a result. It would not be' a measure directed against rebellion. In such -a case, all expedients would be justifiable, for the retention of Ireland is a vital necessity to England. It. would be the result of a refusal even to listen to- a project for retaining — not loosening — the connection between the different parts of the United Kingdom. But the struggle can have only one ultimate result. The British Parlia ment will have to change into some thing liko a federal congress, dealing only 'with Imperial alliiirs, and .leaving local legislatures in Ireland, Scotland and England to niaiiiigc minor details. The idea would probably be n shocking oue to the people of the old country, but it need nut shock us. While the machinery of Government remains in its present condition, the present anomalous relation of the colonies to the mother country must continue. Jf, however, a federal legislature of the kind wo have indioated takes its place, there would be no earthly reason why the Greater Britain should not.be re presented in it as well as the mother states of the United Kingdom. The change would open up a new future for the English-speaking world, and, stoutly as it ipay be resisted now, it will have to come some day. Hudson's Surprisk Party.— Notwith- standing the snort notice of last-night's per formance, a large audienco greeted the final appearance of this troupe in Toowoomba. As on previous occasions the actors were very successful in entertaining their audienco who manifested approval ' of 'tho performau oe by freqncht.^nd hearty ap'nlaiieeVi,The company left town for Brisbane by thie morning's early train, IBaok PtAlN8.U03r correspondent, writ ing under date JUarc'i 3, says that tho far iners of that district intend calling a publio nieoting for the purpose of testifying to tho high estimation in wliich the local school muster is held for his neighborly qualities, aud the assiduous discharge or his duties. The Riicbkt Ceicket Hatou.— Tho sec retary of tbe Toowooinlm Cricket Club, Mr. Koowlos, writes--to OTrrcot'' n^few iuaccu racies' in .pur report, of the match between JWe.first^e'^otitl&.T.ooyoV&ba; Club aud iHtea»'jateaLS!BS*. . js*. says =- l'-st, the match waa not between tho first ^eyiariipfthofJiyoTi^onfbaCVCi.&t;'ta, of the socond eleven, against 'the Grammar School. Su-*-nil!y.i «Bar4i--g!Tpm«rlt% .concerning Mr. Craics; wl^ hvx iyena.uieinbor of the Too wooinW CC^ihcV pjiyid every season with them BUiceifciii arrival iu.Tobwoomfca (aud we hope that, he will stand many more sea sons' playing iu Toowoomba), Mr. Craics' name was, amongst those Bent to the secre tary of the Grs-iimer School Club, aud was not objected to until the game was about to .commence, when his playing was .made by thu Toowoomba , team a cuuditiou --f the match. Mr. Knowles concludes an expos tuhtoiv cpist)e with1 a peroration, in which ho states his opinion that, unless a match is fini»hed, Tcportsdo more harm than good. We should Lave inserted the letter, oujy the matter was not of sufficient importance, nnd its contents might come under the same cate gory as cricket progress reports. AE~--,iire always willing, however, to correct i£j$ 'in accuracies,' aud have therefore briefly given the secretary's objections. Payment to Voluntbehs.— At a meeting of the Executive yesterday tho regulations providing for the payment of 7s. per day to each volunteer attending the annual camp of instruction was rescinded. When tho Esti mates were before the House last session as the Government considered that tbe state of the revenue did not justify the item providing for ths payment of this allowance, they sti ick it out, and there is reason to believe that they tben,inteaded to rescind the regula tiou referred to. A sum of £1 300 for oarapa of instruction, however, wns voled. Tb's amount is intended to provide for camp ex penses ouly— rations, fcc. There wi1'. pro bably he asm.-1! balance from this sum re maining after the foijicoining encampment, which no doubt will bo disbursed by tho Government as an allowanco to tho Volun teers attending the encampment. — To-day's Gour'-cr. Inteucolomal Rifle Match. ? A well attended meeting ofthe council of theQuetns land Nationr' JRitie Association wns held at the Imperil Hotel 'ait eveu'ng, Major Drury presiding. The fo'lowing resolution was unanimously adopted: — 'That there shall be an Intercolor-r1 R.;io Match held during the annual rifle meec'ug, to be held during tlie exhibition week ii July next, to be shot wilh MarHui-Henry rifle, Queensland Goverament patttrn, forward position. That the Rifle Associations of the other Austra lian colonies be invited to send a team from each colony, and that trophies be provided* for the winning team. Each team to consist, of ten men, member* of the Volunjecr forces, of their respective coloriefi.' A deputation was appointed to w?:t upon tho Govermuoijti with regard to a gint in aid of the objects of the .' sooiation. A sub-committee, con sisting of Major Moore, Lieutenants Thynno rid Stanley, aud Messrs. Leuuon and Kaye, was appointed to draw up the programme of matches for the next annual meeting. ? To- day's Courier. A Case of RtsimiiKciioN.— Tho following: etoiy if told in tho Era : — In Thurgan, Swit zerlpud, the body of a man was found, nnd it was supposed that death had been the result of foil play. But the medical men declared! that the wounds were self-iuflicte'd, and that the deceased must have committed, snicile. The body was identified by a large number of relatives as well as sawyers with whom the deceased had worked as hariiig belonged in life to one Baumeler, a' sawyer of Lucerne. His kinsfolk followed him to the grave, put oil mourning for him, and the looal papers published notices of the drad man. On the eveivug after the' interment; while a number of Baumelei's friends were making meriy in the vi'.'oge ; in, who shnu'd walk in among them but the der.d m?n himself! The peas* v-iU dropped their lankardB of ln'g«£' J~ sl a rod at the ghost in dismay. Some took to their heels ;u frightt and, running horns h? -.JiadTd their doors. ? The ghost quietly teak I/is seat at th'e ? table, and 'ordered! sausages, bread, nnd lager iii large quauli ?!?;. and, lnmc' bbiiig lip-shed, went straight to the priest, mid tb.'akcd him for the eloquent: funeral oratiunhe had delivered over h- vrave ? He thm cilled upon the head in* ^ibe district, and expressed bis obligations for tbs tr.jub'u taken, ou bis lujbalf. So for., the ghost showed liiinself to bo, 'Amiably inclined but his mood chauged U])ou looking down the columns of a local paper, which opntainedan -ilitu;.-y notice of the deceased couched in nut exactly coju|diineiitar}- tenns. Tiie ghost, whose rcpjtaliou during lifetime was really somewhat shady, seeing his chanct, intends to bring an action for libel against the editor, whp forgot to stats in the obituary cotico that deceased was a, representative of all the vir tues. The circumstance of a live ghost walk ing about, and contemplating law proceed in};', has thrown the village into a great Btate of exjitc'nieut.' '' ' ' '' ' A Tkn-Avuk WiFii.— Solomon Glass, a colored man whoso experience in agricultural pursuits lias enlightened his neighborhood, weut to Little Rock with a view of getting a divorce for bin wife. When asked uj,ou what grounds, he replied: 'Sufficient is de grounds of dis occasion. When I rented 10 acres and ono muk I married a 'oman suitable for- de occasion.' Now '1-rcnt -i0 acres. of Ian' and work five mules. My fust jrffe in a mighty good 10-ocre wife, but she don't suit de occasion ob 00 ncres. I Deeds a 'oinan what caii spread more.' When told by a lawyer that the grounds were not sufficient, be remarked ; '1 kin produce de histry to show whar I'm careck. You know Napoleon fust married Josephine de Beau haris.V 'Yes,'V*»d.tho:lawyer. . .'Dat's all right. An! you know 4at when ho got to do head of do gubemnieiit, an' he wanted a wife wliat would spread more, hegot a dispiiisation frpm Joflcphiinj. aud ^hitchod .pn.tp Maria Louisa. Bar's de fcistwy u'.tUM de 'precedent au1 if a man^cantt git's dispensation on dese groin's whar's yer oourt- house^^ivljar'a jw J*v f '—American Papa; : Death of an Old Colonist.— Oue of the oldest residents of this district passed aw.iy on Monday morning lu»t at the ripe a?e of ' 95. This was Mr. J. Lock.', of tbe Flmisli Inn, Palmeiin-atrtet. Th.s -l™ense-l gcntlo raan was a very old coloiiist, ho having re sided in Australia for the List fifty-four years His early days of colonial life were spent principally in New South Wales, and ho Bottled and resided for some time in tlio Huotor River dintriot, where several of his 1 ?-.'.? ».ons wore born. He came to Warwick many , ' ' y*at*.*g°i whon tbe town was hut a very ' Wall place, and purchased properties at the . $°P flif Polmerin-street, where he carried on a dairy farm for many years. He was s hflle, h«»Hhy old man, and was very fond of eon Versing about olden times, and the rise und ; progress of Warwick.. ; It was interesting to chat with him, and hear him tell of what tho town and district were like when he came to it, and compare his description with what the district is now. The old gentleman was in tolerably good health up to a day or , two before he died, and it was only on Sun day night that fears were entertained of his approaching end. During that nigbt he gra dually sank, and passed away quietly at 5 . o'clock on Monday morning. He has left a large family of sons and daughters, all of whom are married excepting oue, and there are a large nmnncr of grandchildren. The funeral took place yesterday afternoon, and was largely attended, tho procession be ing a very loug one. Mr. Locke hnd a large circle Of friends and acquaintances, and was greatly respected by .ill who know him. — Ejum'mcr and Times, March 2. Buck WnEVr. — Buck-wheat is amongst tho grains that are being gristed at the Al lora mills this season. Sotra dozen bags — a vary excellent sample — grown by a fanner in the district, were sent in to the miller, in order to ascertain what it was. The grain, it appears, had been sown as a chance crop, and without much attention being paid to it The buck-wueat grow freely, and was harvested with care, to some extent because other grains were scarce. It threshed out easily, and the miller believes he can make meal or flour of it with the ordinary milling apparatus! without much trouble. Although almost unknown in the colony, it will, no doubt, find customers. It is used very ex teunively in the United States and Canada, in both of which buck- wheat cakes aro nmongst the luxuries of country life especi ally ; they are also well known in the towns and at the hotel tables. The cakes arc very wholesome, and are particularly relished for winter fare. — Courier. ? Poisoningik Warwick; — A case of poison ing occurred yesterday in Warwick, wliich nearly had a fatal termination. It appears that a young man named Reid, who resides near the mill, after having breakfast, took a somewhat large dose of strychnine. After taking the poison he wandered into an ad joining paddock, where he must have been attacked by a paroxysm of pa;u, as from the appearance of the ground ho had struggled considerably. He was discovered in this position by a neighbor, who immediately sent for Dr. Taylor. On arrival, Dr. Taylor found that the unfortunate man was suffering from poison, and gave him au emetic. This had a beneficial result, and the man was removed to the houso. Here he admitted that lie had taken strychnine. The stomach pump was also applied by Dr. Taylor, which gave relief, and afterwards chloroform and other reme dies were administered. These had the effect of allaying the tetanic spasms, and the patient gradually improved. Last night we learnt that Reid was still suffering from tho effects of the poison, and although it was hoped that ho would eventually recover, ho was not out of danger at nine o'clock. — Exnmintr and Times, March 2. Curious Statement. — The following curious statement appears in the Times (from ' A* Irishman,') dated Dublin, November 19th : — 'Many of your readers whs are . alarmed at reading the daily reports of dis :' content in Ireland and especially the threaten ing of tenant-farmers with various punish ments, from death downwards, if they paid their rent, will be relieved by reading the way in which the threatening notico trick has been got up. The tenants in a locality, many able, but unwilling, to pay their rent, form themselves into ' a mutual threatening notice society.' Let mo explain myself. Say Tim Murphy, Pat O'Flaherty, Tim Houlahan, and Jerry Donovan, are members of tho club and take it in turns to intimidate aud be intimi dated. On a given night Tim Murphy re mains at home, and the other members, hav ing met under a hedge, oonsumed a bottle of whiskey, and drank a' free land without land lords,' blacken their faces and set off to serve notice 'on their friend Tim of the condign punishment in store for him if he pays rent. On oth'cr nights this farce is continued. A local con ;°-spondent of a Dubliu newspaper, delighted at something to write about, sends alarming accounts of threatening notices to tenants, and every one is alarmed except the threatened Tim Murphy. This is the history of the threatening notice epidemic given me yesterday by an Irishman. I enclose nyr card, but am almost ashamed to sign myself.' We do not hold ourselves responsible for tlio opir ions expressed by our correspondents. 