OBSERVATION^. [by the teripatetig philosopher.^ No. 3. ; - I would call tho attention of thbso' who 6qca-.?'* sionally tako a ' uip'. at the liar to a spurious kind of spirit sold undor thb nhmo of palo brandy, aud which may be known by tho oily appear anco it pnssosscs and tho two or throe largo bonds that run off to tho sido of tho glass; wHoii poured out, and immediately .broak, as'also by' tho absouco of tho auibor brilliahoy that should ? bo fouud in palo brandy ; in fuct, it looks like - palo brandylof sherry, }w|th th^/adijitioi^ toaspoonful of milk in a piut or so of brandy (tnurky). This composition ^s^oftcu sold by large firms in citios, and ovehtually finds its way. to tlio bush aud small ' town hdtbls. ijis1 effects aro that of a slow,1 but eortairi; poieoii,* ' destroying tho coats of tho stomach arid stopping digestion; it impairs tho memory, dims the. sight, and prostrates' thoTbnnn. I 'Whe&ftlriSitfO; its immediate influence it jjroduco* sloop, which is followed, 011 awakeuiug,N by jorelKMlings of ovil, irritability of. tomper, ,and ^thirst^ fur ro vongo. 6uo half of the criutcs committed aro traceablo to iutomperanco, moro rapidly - do- P voloped' by the consumption of 'suoh'vilo' mix-'. r turos as I havo moutionod. Tho ])iibiicaus 'aro not alwuys blumoablo, as they purchaso from wholesale houses wboro thoso docbctions aro . browod-7-housos that aro cousidc^l.^rst-elass, -v unimpoaohable, and aboyo mijih dirfy' '*? in truth, tho prnpriot^ro^T/'ttiu^housos fattou on tho destruction of honios and.thp fillui^.jof'' tho luhatib asyluins— demnhilisntibii .and tlio creation of loafers and liiwlb'ss brigauds. r N Is thoro not an amount of mawkish sontimpn tality rampant in this ohliglitenod niiiotoeiilltp century? Whon a coustablo does his duty. ho. - is banq-ioted, presented with an-addross tif iiom plimont. or with a watch or somo'sucU sb'uvumr,' aud why? Tlio only answer to be given is— beoatiao ho' faithfully performed a duty for which' tho Crown paid hiu; a liboml salary. Ou tho other hand a numbeivof pprsons^pro^tiumdW from mistnkoW noti^hs 'ot mo^^—ondeaviUrto aroiiso publio feeling to exert' An iiifTuertk) oa tliio Exocutivo to obta^ tliio conditional pariloij. and sp^ro' tho lifo; of a bldod-sfiiinod, biSastfng monster, under whoso banofiil, treacherous pnmmand or leadership others bavobeon-lo'l.*/r,»-\ jilrivou to deeds of murdor ami pliindoiv What-J^ rcyisons hav^ thowo^mandlin. soj4iiupntalistsrt'oc ' thoir p'ro'cridui-oV Simply t hut iii' his youth th's monstor's education had- .boon. neglected, and that a vigorous mind had heen eiitirely. iuUhI by animal proponsitiofl. Thoro is no foAr bf'ih^ ' Exocutive thus. committing itself and holding out a . prouiiuu for criino. Novortholoss, tho Tory mention of such a pardon may act ino'st encouragingly to other doapefadoee and despoilers who aro impatient of control and defy the lawi the juet and equi table la^/Wlucbprotecta the indjistriojiB^and punishes ovil- doora. . Such a stqpj.or qohceiiion Would render our colonies as ^nonviable to the industrious and law-abiding portion of the community as Turkoy, Tartary, or,, other' semi-barbarous countries. And, in reference to the ? first matter, the question may bo justly askod, what is there in suoh arrests as compared . with bravo men who, in honour of their country, face the cannon's mouth and boldly scale the walls of a fortress in a foreign landi.ill-olothod, ill-fed, and under every dis advantage, and, if spared, return homo un noticed,, soon forgotten, but prepared to do tho sajne again ? And, again, further on wo shall probably hear of tho formation of gangs of law less pion who will form (and perhapB correctly) an opinion that the police will not at all interfere Ttith.them until a reward is ofTcrml for their capture. This reminds me of a man who used to ' plant ' horsoaand cattlo, and wait the offer of rewards, vigilantly watching tho local papers ; ahd, on seeing the advertisement, he produces thb missing animals and obtains the rewards, inalung % gpod .living out of it until detected and happily punished. ? A: gentleman employed as a tutor, and of a convivial1 turn of mind after a little indulgence, repaired to- rest in a country hotol and fell asleep, leaving the candle burning. Tho land lady, apprehending dangor from a burning candle being left with him, knocked at the bed room door. Not receiving any answer but tho nasal offusions of the tutor, sho proceeded to the rear, raised tho window, quiokly drew the candle to her, and departed with it, after quickly closing the window. At breakfast noxt morn ing, rather late, tho man of letters was eloquent in .describing to the company the visit of the ghost of Mr. - — , who, he said, was continually following him, and the fact that ho ' actually put .out tho candlo.' The door was locked and he in bed,, and how yas it possible that the candle could bo roraoved without the agency of a- spirit or ghost P After this,' said tho tutor, ' who will doubt that ghosts do appear f ' The. landlady smiled, but held her own counsel. This is almost equal to tho ' ghost of Chingford Hatch.' 