ADELAIDE CORRESPONDENCE (From our City Correspondent.) September 22. At length the good ship Sorata has been practically abandoned. I say practically, because, though the crew have been paid off, and the " raising" operations have been suspended, Captain Fowler has not yet deserted his post of duty, nor has the mag nificent vessel been handed over to the re ceiver of wrecks. It is said that £25,000 has been spent in the ineffectual attempts to raise her. The statement has found its way into the public Press, and yet-much as I like to believe in everything that appears in print-I must confess I believe the estimate « extravagant. There is evidently some mistake in the figures, same as there was in Parliament the other day when your Mr. Glyde bowled out the Minister of Education and showed that if his figures were correct each Chinaman would have to eat 6 or 7 lba. of rice every day-rather a filling quan tity one would think I The engines of the Sorata are said to have cost £60,000. It is likely that an attempt will be made to get them out; but at the moment at which I write nothing certain is known in reference either to the vessel or her engines. We Australians are fast becoming Ameri canised in some of our institutions. A stand ing proof of this was shown the other even ing, when the dramatic critic of the Adver. finer had his eye blackened by an actor whose performances ho had severely criticised. The assault took place in the saloon of the Theatre EoyaL The victim was Mr. Davis, a leading member of a leading daily paper, and his assailant was no lees a person than Mr. W. J. Holloway, the stage manager at the Royal, and one of the most " popular" actors. The critic showed Mr. Holloway up properly. 'Tis given out, as Hamlet's ghost lays, that the aforesaid Mr. Holloway gives tickets to small boys, who frequent the gallery and make calls for '' Holloway " at the end of each act, or when he has spoken a piece with more than usual gusto. The other night - either through drink or through devilment-some of the small boys called "Holloway," "Holloway," when Holloway did not appear in the piece at all J There had long been a suspicion that some thing was rotten in the state of Denmark . and this play was the thing that let it out' The dramatic critic mentioned the circum stance, and rather unkindly added that Mr. Holloway was absent, but that he deserved the call about as much a9 usual! Mr. Hollo tray answered the call in a way that Mr. Davis did not appreciate, and for which he has made a claim of five hundred pounds. The proprietors of the Advertiser are guaran teeing their critic's expenses.. They may safely do that, as he is bound to get a ver dict. Perhaps he will not get £500. It would be rather too much to pay for a black cyo ! But anyhow the actor has made a mistake, as ho will find out to his cost. Fighting against the Press in anyway is a mistake, but to fight with the fists is little short of madness. Mr. Davis has had about a week's spell, and is still carrying about with him a mournful eye and tearful visage. There was a good deal of gossip in town last week about the Chairman of Com mittees and his office. Mr. Townsend has uot been a dignified success as Deputy Speaker ; la fact, dignity is not his forte. The v?eek before last there was an unseemly dis pute in the House between the Deputy Speaker and your Mr. Glyde. This blew over, Mr. Townsend practically admitting he was in the wrong by saying that it was not fair to expect him to take tho chair at a moment's notice. This appears to have stirred up the bile of Sir George Kingston, who was found in his place lust week andre 03ived the congratulations of the House. Then a day or two later the daily papers published a paragraph stating that Mr. Townsend intended to resign his position ag Chairman of Committees, a position he has held for about four years, with a very tolerable degree of credit. But lately he has got worse instead of better. It is said that business cares have worried him, he and Mr. Botting having dissolved partnership, and' that he has got to love, not wisely but too well the cup that inebriates as well as cheers, "i'is given out that the other night he and the Commissioner of Crown Lands had a quarrel within the precincts of the House. Honest Tom Playford is brusque in his manner, and does not scruple sometimes to tell a mau ho is a fool. That is," if he deems it necessary or for tho man's good. When the Legislative Assombly met yesterday some curiosity excited as to whether the resigna tion would be given in, and as to who was to be the coming man. But-strange to say -without even a word being said in the House, Mr. Townsend took bis place as Chair man of Committees, and so far no reason has been assigned for his altered intention, ex cept the statement that several members had aaked him not to resign. He will probably hold office to the end of the session, but my impression is that never again will he either bo Deputy-Speaker, full Speaker, or Chairman of Committees. Neither do I fancy Sir George Kingston will be Speaker in another Parlia ment. Ho is failing rapidly; his voice being bo husky that he cannot now be heard ex cept by tho clerks and one or two members near him. The Licensed Victuallers Bill was finally passed through the Assembly on Tuesday, when Mr. Townsend-who ought to havo had moredecency after what had transpired during the past few days-attacked the teetotal party J as fnnatfes and narrow-minded bigots, and said he had just as much right to compel thorn to drink castor oil as they had to say that he should not have what he liked and when he liked-the allusion being to Sunday closing. The idea is delightfully illogical after the Licensed Victuallers Bill dealing with this question has been before the House since the beginning of the session. The principle of restricting the liberty of indi viduals wheu that liberty is against tho common weal has been conceded long ago even before Mr. Townsend (who ia now the father of the House) became an aspirincr poli tician. ^ The opening of a new dock is an epochal event in the history of a port. It was there fore meet that the people of Port Adelaide should make merry on Monday last when the new dock was opened. The Governor of the colony was to have been there, but like Sims Reeves, he caught a cold and couldn't go The Premier of the colony, Mr. Morgan did the christening in his stead, and he made an ' llligant" speech, to the effect that we ought no longer to regard ourselves as small potatoes." The last two words are tho Premier's, not mine. As yours is a potato growing district I thought some of your readers might appreciate the simile. The dock has cost £95,U00, and will accom modate 15 ships, being oblong in shape, hav 1U% f6?4 ?u ^harfaSB accommodation, and 20 feet depth of water. The City Corporation had a nice trick played on them the other day. They accepted a big tender for asphalting the city streets . and then-when they thought they had made a good bargain-the contractor threw the job up ostensibly because he could not get the necessary tar. The Corporation decided to give it to the nest lowest tenderer-whose price is £2,000 more than that of the other man. I presume they have no remedy against contractor No. 1. The only antidote to these little pranks is to fix the deposit very high. i ? [The foregoing arrived too late for last I i6fiue.J , ] j 