Professor Pepper's Lectures. The Committees of the Moonta and Moonta Mines Institutes are to be congratulated on the success which attended their negotiations with Professor Pepper, and the n blic are. greatly indebted to them for Eaving secured the Professor's services and thereby providing an intellectual treat such as we are rarely priviliged to listen to. We believed the. idea first originated with the Committee of the Moonta Institute,-the Committtes of the Moonta Mines, Wallaroo and Kadina Institutes cordially joining with them and guaranteeing the amount which the Professor required for the delivery of five lectured in the three towns. It is understood that the lectures at Wallaroo, Kadina. and Moonta Mines were BO well attended as not only to make up the amount required to pay the Professor for his services, but to leave a enrphgs in each case in the hands of the comjnittee, but unfortunately the amount taken at Moonta was not sufficient to meet ex. penses, and the committee will probably lose •ome £6 or £7 on their enterprising specula- tion. But notwithstanding this the Professor's vis-it cannot be looked upon as a failure, aa the instruction conveyed in his lectures was such as cannot fail to be of great benefit to the community. At Moonta Mines, on Thursday evening, the Professor lectured in the large carpenter's shop which was kindly placed at the disposal of the Institute committee by Captain Hancock, and as the prices were fixed so low as to be within the compass of almost every one, there was a large audience. The lecture on this occasion was on " Light and Optics " and the lecturer spoke of vibratory motion : the relations of light, heat, electricity, and magnetism to the mechanism of vibration, in a manner that was highly interesting and instructive. After briefly dealing with the various theories of light that had been entertained, he spoke of the revelations that had been made by the aid of the spectroscope, and gave some beautiful illustrations in suppoit of the vibratory theory. The second part of the lecture was on " Torpedowarfare " and several illustrations of modern engines of destruction were given. On Friday evening, at Moonta, the lecture was on " Light and Color," and some additional remarks were made on theory of vibration, and the Professor passed on to show by experiment, the natural result of persistence of vision, how that a bright object being looked at for sometime will so impress itself on the retina as to leave its image there for sometime after, even though the eyes be closed: After some remarks on light and shadow, and illustrations of the action of the atmosphere on meteoric bodies and the suu's rays, the Professor gave some very amusing shadow effect?, and explained the philosophy of the ghost illusion, the discovery of which has done so much towards making the Professor's natne famous. Some beautiful experiments in color changes were then given, and Sir David Brewster's discovery of multiple reflections was illustrated by Darker's Oxv- hydrogen Kaleidoscope. The effect of a bright light shining on water was a very beautiful experiment, the water as it flowed out of the cistern having all the appearance of molten metal. The second part of the lecture partook of the character of a history of ballooning, and some very beautifnlly executed drawing*, illustrating the scenery met with in cloudland, were shown by the aid of the Professor's excellent lantern. The lecture was concluded with an exhibition, by request, of the dancing skeleton, which created great amusement. Professor Pepper then spoke in high terms of the kindness that characterised the reception given him on the Peninsula, and intimated than it was not impossible that he might again pay the three mining towns a visit at some future date. 