IRRESOLUTION. (FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW.) Some men are born with a natural infirm- ! ity of character, which, if humoured, ] amounts to an inability to make np their ! minds, to keep to one intention, to regard \ any decision as final. A variety of causes may seem to underlie this weakness— causes arising from an over-keen and ready perception of all the bearings of the question in hand, or from mere feeble ness of character, rendering all grasp of a subject, all effectual hold, impossible. It may be an intellectual or a moral fail ing, one due to a judgment paralysed by extent of choice, or to a conscience made slippery by habitual disregard of its first monition ; but in either case its effects upon a man's character and career are pa tent to others. People may have many faults which work in secret, which ob servers only guess at by seeing their con sequences ; but irresolution works iu the open, and is sooner detected by the looker-on than by the man himself, who is a prey to this enervating influence. What seems to the irresolute temper the mere exercise of a profound judgment or a refined taste is detected by those who are inconvenienced, irritated, or injured by it, as the slip and blemish which weakens, loosens, renders futile the whole course of life and action. The irresolute man, whatever his position or his powers not only fails to himself, but is felt by those about him to be useless for the parts of counsellor, supporter, or advo cate. He is essentially incompetent for these offices. His own course is deter mined, not by intention, but by chance ; his judgment wants education of per sonal experience. No one can remain eternally suspended between two courses of action, for the world moves and situa tions change however much a man may desire to keep them at a standstill until his mind is made up. Something irres pective of his judgment steps in and takes the matter in hand. While he de liberates on the highest conceivable best —best in itself or best for him—while he fluctuates, accident settles the matter, with little regard for his credit or inter est. It is difficult, La Bmy&re; says, to decide whether irresolution makes a man more unfortunate or contemptible, whether there is more harm in making a wrong decisioh or in making none at $1. A step which a man is driven to take under the compulsion of external circum stances, is seldom taken at the right time. Owing to this demand for action, even in the most vacillating—this impossibility of eternal indecision where other men and other interests are concerned—irreso lution is necessarily allied with precipita tion. The man incapable of a final im movable resolve decides at length on an impulse which has nothing to do with choice. Irresolute men are rash men; prone to act on the spur of the moment in order to defeat their infirmity and put It out of their power to hesitate and shilly-shally. There are cases where these contending qualities play somewhat fatally upon one another. Thus the impulse of the mo tnent commits & man to a course of actiou. Knowing his weakness he is precipitate in making promises ; but then steps in the habit of his mind ; he deliberates and hangs suspended, when the slower process of performance ought to follow, irresolu tion splits iu two, or into many parts what should only be one act. With the healthy reasonable mind a promise in volves its performance ; but irresolution never considers anything as settled so long as change is possible. Every hind rance, every difficulty is an argument for a reversal, or breach of contract, either with oneself or others. As a fact, all im portant undertakings and promises en gaged in under strong itnpresssions and warm feelings are followed by a change of temperature in the undertaker and pro miser. The habit of keeping to your word because it lias been passed, whether to yourself or another, alone sustains the will under the reaction. " What terrible moments? saidPope, "does one feel after one has engaged in a large work ! In the beginning of my translating the Iliad I wished everybody would hang me a thousand times." It is of course this relaxation of the mind's fibre which lies at the bottom of all de cent forms of jilting, whether in man or woman. The promisor awakes to the fact that he has donp a tremendous thing. This may happen to the firm as well ate to the weak, bat the irresolute are in the habit of vacillation, and also in the habit of justifying it as reasonable deliberation. It comes easily to them to hesitate or to betray hesitation. The constant mind knows that it is in for it, and instantly recovers from the temporary panic. It is is no time to weigh the question when the step is at once taken ; thought and deliberation have finally given place to action. In smaller matters promises become a habit to the irresolute, as being dissocia tiated from performance. A man gives «r accepts an invitation in one mood, and backs out of it when he thinks over the inconvenience he may incur. He promises a gift, and, when the moment of parting with what he values arrives he finds himself a different man from the rash donor, his former self. The arguments which should be silenced by a strong will press with gathering force and grow m weight as the notion of the im minence of a crisis oppresses the mind • with him the fulfilment of a promise is the crisis, not the making it. Whether justly or not, Garrick's friends considered him as a framer of good intentions which he had not resolution to keep. Foote said of him that he had often set out with the design of performing a generous act, but the ghost of a halfpenny meeting him at the corner of a street sent him home again. The pain of fulfilment is the only cure for this vacillating temper, the only lesson of any avail. Mere regrets, mere penitence for past imprudence, will do nothing. Promises become a habit unless they are sternly held to performance. JN or will the conscience long* wern sgainst them, for all the pleasures of benevo lence can fill a mind of this class quite apart from the fulfilment of airy intentions. A Tedious Lawsuit.—The moBt cele brated instances of 44 the law's delays" ever quoted by law reformers from the records of our English courts seem to be fully equalled, if not surpassed, by a case just concluded in Hungary. The 4 Pes ter Lloyd' states that on Oct. 28 a divi sion of the Senate of the 44 Royal Table" (the Hungarian Supreme Court) gave final judgment in a suit commenced in 1768, and which haB since passed through all the possible phases of Hungarian liti gation. The object of the original suit was the same as would be aimed at by an ejectment suit with us—to get rid of an alleged wrongful occupier of a large fa mily estate. After 111 yearB of litiga tion, the court placed the representatives of the original plaintiff in possession of a portion only of the property. It is stated that a large portion has been swallowed up by expenses—a familiar story.—4 Hews of the World.' Thousands of young men leave France and Germany every year for the purpose of avoiding service in the army. In France the term of service is five years, and the Government is now seriously considering whether it would not be ad vantageous to the country to reduce the term to two years. Such a change would certainly keep many young men at home who would emigrate to this country. The proposed change meets with the hearty approval of the masses of the peo ple.—American paper. French history in the past hundred years exhibits three women who have perhaps experienced more splendor and more bitter grief and mortification than any other three women in the world— Marie Antoinette, Tosephine, and Eu genie. Romankc Brigandage.—Despite the repeated declarations of the Turkish Go vernment that brigandage had been effec tually checked in the Greek provinces of the Sultan, recent developments conclu sively show that robbery and murder are as common as ever in those provinces. .Besides, brigands who heretofore were accustomed to limit their operations to some remote villages, now extend their industry" into the towns and large villages to which these depredations lend occasionally an element of romance. Not long ago a band of highwaymen surrounded a house in the neighbour hood Volo, the largest and most flour ishing city in Thessaly, while the festivi ties of a wedding were in progress. After killing the man who was placed at the door to prevent intrusion, they entered the premises, assured the party that they came there with no evil purpose, but merely requested of the bridegroom to part with his gold watch and chain, and to give them the sum of $250. The bri gands being armed to the teeth, their request was acceded to, and the intruders ordering the musicians to play the " bri gand's dance" air, insisted on dancing with the bride and drank to her health. After spending a couple of hours mak ing themselves extremely pleasant, each of them in his turn printed a kiss on the forehead of bride, and all took their departure, only begging that a vary Respectable man, plated to a merchant at "Volo, should accompany them to " pot them on the right road to the hills." The respectable man did fol low them, but at latest accounts has not ; Bince returned to his home. A letter, I however, has been received by his friends demanding a large sum as his ransom. A characteristic anecdote of the Em peror Nicholas is contained in the me moirs of the late Privy Councillor Bo guslavski, extracts from which have just been published by the « Russkaya Staryna,' a monthly magazine of St. Peterburg. Hearing that a play, en titled " Catherine II. and her Fa j yourites," had just been brought out in Paris, which represented the Em press in the blackest colours, Nicholas [ at once sent a special courier to Count I Pahlen, the Russian Ambassador at the ; French Court, with the following letter : On receipt of this, go at once, whatever may be the hour, to the King of the French, and announce to him my will that all the printed copies of the play of "Catherine II." be immediately con fiscated, and that its performance be for bidden in all the Paris theatres. If the King declines to do this, ask for your passports and leave Paris within twenty four hours. I answer for the conse quences. When the courier arrived, Count Pahlen was dining with King Louis ^ Philippe; and, acting on his masters orders, the courier sent to in form the Count that he had arrived with a pressing message from the Czar. The Count read the dispatch, and then hurry ing back to the royal table, begged the King to give hitn a few minutes' audi ence. Louis Philippe, mnch astonished, went with the Ambassador into the ad joining room, where Count Pahlen handed hitn the dispatch. " But," observed the King, after reading it, "Though your Emperor's will may be an order to you, it is not to me. I am a constitutional sovereign, and cannot comply with this demand." "If this is your Majesty's final answer," rejoined Count Pahlen, " I must big to have my passports got ready. ^ Tqe K^ng then s^id he wouldi consult his Minutsrs j and a few hours' afterwards a decree was issued confiscat ing all the copies of the play and prohi biting its performance. Discipline is discipline. A private in the Seventy-ninth Highlanders recently saved a child from drowning in the river at Kirkee, India, at imminent peril of his own life, and then kept the crowd back while the surgeon resuscitated the little one. This occupied some time, so that he was late in returning to the barracks, and when the officers heard the explana tion, they ordered him to be confined for fourteen days. Nurses.—Rev. Arthur Brinkman, hes pital chaplain, says in his new book : " The nurse ought to have a washing stand all to herself in every sick room, and the more she washes her hands at it, whether they want it or not, the more the person will be edified. Everything should be clean about the cap, everything clean about the dress, but the nice effect of it all may be spoiled by the one black fin ger nail that reBts on a saucer. The cleaner the nurse, the cleaner the patient will be." Cholera and Diarrh<ea.—The fol lowing is commended as an old and ex cellent prescription for cholera, which is also a remedy for ordinary summer com plaints, diarrhoea and dysentery Take equal parts of tincture of cayenne pepper, essence of peppermint and spirits of cam phor, mix well. Dose—fifteen to twenty drops in a little cold water, according to the age and violence of symptoms ; re peated every fifteen or twenty minutes until relief is obtained. Give a foolish talker rope enough, and he will hang himself. 