m M m m t s , THE OPEEA.—The popularity of Mr. Armes Beaumont was made strikinely manifest on Thursday night, when he took his benefit. The Theatre was crowded. "Maritana" was the opera produced, and the beneficiaire took his well-known role of Don Caesar de Bazan. It would be superfluous to particularize the excellence of Mr Beaumont's personation of this character. All whs have seen him in it will agree that he makes the performance worthy of his reputation; but if anything were wanting to confirm this the frequent rounds of applause with which he was greeted on this occasion would amply do so. In the song, •« Let me Me a soldier fall," he was exceedingly effective and had to repeat the effort. Miss •Lambert, as Lazarillo, was also honoured with an encore for her singing of » Alas! those chimes and Mr. Verdi had to submit to a similw penalty for his artistic rendering of the aria. in happy moments." Miss Elsa May. as the graceful Maritana, found great favour teo, and was loudly applauded. The other characters were well sustained, and the piece went very smoothly throughout. A ballad concert succeeded the opera, the orchestra playing with fine effect the overture to « William Tell " and Mr. C. H. Templeton singing " The yuiage Blacksmith," Madame BoSe Hersel Within a mile of Edinboro' Town," Mr H Vernon I thought of Thee," Mrs. Fox "Tell me, my heart," and Mr. Beaumont "Tell me Mary, how to woo thee." Madame Hersee was' enthusiastically encored, and Mr. Beaumont also received flattering applause. To-night " Pinatore will be presented, and a grand vocal and instrumental concert will follow. INSTRUCTION IW FLOWER-OULTUBE.—We understand that as an outcome of the Flower Show recently held in connection with the public schools Mr. Hartley, B.A., B.Sc., the Inspector- General of Schools, has promised to give the children and teachers of the city and suburban public schools a course of lectures bearing upon the cultivation of flowers. p mp a sa h H R AMATHUB THEATEICAL PEHFOBSLAHCE. — A complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr. Herbert Flemming in the Albert Hall this evening, when several lady and gentleman amateurs will appear in Bobertson's popular three-act comedy of " Caste." The performance is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, His Honor the Chief Justice, and others. UKLET WEBLBTAH BANS OF HOPE.—A special entertainment was provided by this body on Thursday, November 18. The President (Mr. C. H. Matters) presided and introduced Mr. Shrosbree, who favoured the audience with several instrumental pieces. These were very skilfully executed and received with much applause. Several junior members of the Band recited and acquitted themselves well. " Leaf by leaf the roses fade" was also pleasingly rendered as a duet by Misses A. Eogere and L. Ssict. An enthusiastic vose of thanks was tendered to Mr. Shrosbree, who expressed his willingness to assist in tbe good cause of tezn* pertcce, and icer tioned that he had bftn a total atstsiLcT all his life. The C£:cxet MATCH AT LES —Mr. G. Harder, c-; cr :he Clire players, his met with an ao^iis^t asd in;iirt»i his knee, the Clare men have ibsnffcce substituted Mr. A. McDonald. The Xerth p'.syers reached Gawler by the e 30 train list ni^ht, ard were met by the Gawlt-r Ciab st the Railway Station and accorded s most hearty welcome" A lively interest is beirg taken in the match, ard all the Banks and stores have agreed to close at noon to-day. Cocoanut matting will be used for the wicket. PEDESTEIANISM.—Lovers of muscular development, and of feats of pedestrianism, are to have an opportunity this evening and to-morrow of seeing the champion of the colonies, Mr. W. Edwards, walk 120 miles in twenty-six hours. The performance is to take place in the Exhibition Building, where the Concordia Band are to play at intervals, and where other arrangements have been made far the comfort of visitors. A committee of Adelaide gentlemen has been formed to see that Edwards really walks the distance stated, and it is understood that they will relieve one another after twohour " turns" at watching. CCNCBBT.—A concert in aid of the Band of Hope Industrial Exhibition was given in the Academy of Music on Thursday evening. There was a very good attendance, and the programme was well carried out. In addition to two pianoforte solos by Mr. W. R. Knox, and a couple of songs by a young lady amateur who was encored for the song " Fain would I fly to thee," a cantata, entitled the " Revellers," was given by the members of the Band of Hope. The principal parts were taken by the Misses Newman (2), Morrison and Whitehead, and Messrs. Watkins, Middleton, and Thompson, all of whom were very successful in their endeavours to please the audience. Miss Newman was re- M r s . [ b peatedly encored. A chorus by a number of young girls was also loudly applauded. Mr. G. T. Harris officiated as conductor, and Miss Marshall as pianist. The cantata, which was composed by Mr. J H. Hewett, of New York had direct reference to the temperance cause. PEOFESSOB PEPPER AT POET ADELAIDE.— The Professor met with a good reception at Port Adelaide on Thursday'night, November 18, when he opened a short season in the Town Hall. There was a large though not a crowded house. The programme included several ghost and optical illusions, besides the wonders of the oxy-bydrogen microscope, and exhibitions of ancient and modern statuary. The performance closed with a laughable shadow pantomime. To-night an entirely new programme will be presented. Ci>-orEHATiON AT GAWLEB.—It will be remembered that some time ago the employes of the firm of Messrs. Duffield & Co. started the co-operative system in the purchase of their meat, and that a Benefit Society for the employes had been started with the profit made. The first half-yearly meeting of the Society was held at the Gawler Institute on Wednesday night, November 17. There was a good attendance, and Mr. James Coles occupied the chair. The Secretary (Mr. W. Paine) read the balance-sheet, which showed that there was a profit of £47, which was placed out at interest. The Society has at present sixty members, and the Secretary reported that there had been no sickness since the Society started. Mrs. Loveapple bought a new dress. It was poult de soie of a delicate-grass green. To match the dress she had a pair of boots. They were also poult dc soie of a delicate grass-green. Inspired with the idea of pleasing her husband, she daintily lifted the hem of her garment and displayed a foot worthy of " Cinderella" " What do you think of that, dear ?" she tenderly asked her liege lord. "Immense," innocently responded the partner of her life. Partner, alas! no longer, for the irate lady went and got a divorce on the ground of extreme cruelty. Moral —Don't talk slang to the wife of your bosom. GAWLER VOLUNTEER RIFLB CLUB.—A general meeticg of this club was held at the Old Spot Hotel, Gawler, on November 17. Captain J. A. Plummer occupied the chair. A revised code of rules was adopted, and the following officers were appointed for the ensuing year: Patron Major Frank Makin. J.P.; president, Captain A --. P l nmmer; ^ice-Presidents, Lieutenant Jas. Taylor and Surgeon F. W. H. Popham: Secretary, aergent S. Harbour; Treasurer, Colour-Sergeant John Crump; Committee, Sergeant John Mansom, Lance-Corporal Eli Freak, Privates T. Baldock, L, C. Dawe, and J. Gullen. PREMATURE TOSS or THE HAIR, which Is so common now-a-days, may be entirely pre vented by the use of BURNETT'S COCOAINE. It has been used in thousands of cases where the hair was coming out in handfuls, and has never failed to arrest its decay and to promote a healthy and vigorous growth. It is at ti e same time unrivalled as a dressing for the hair. A single application will render it soft and glossy' ASTHMA.—Thousands of the worst cases of Asthma have been relieved by using Joiuts Whitcmib's Remedy for Asthma. In no case of purely asthmatic charaoter has it failed to give prompt relief. Philip Santo and Co. Agents. 170fczv4 