GHOSTS. A belief in the appearance of the phantomal representations of the dead has been always and everywhere found ln tho minds of mortal men. The learned of every place and of every period have done battle for and against the existence of ghosts. The ancient figure covered with a mantle that appeared out of the earth before the astonished eyes of the Witch of Endor has created considerable diversity of opinion amongst the pious aad wise. Nor is it likely to be soon settled to the satisfaction of all parties whether the apparition that announced the death of Saul was Satan in person, or the witch's familiar, or the wraith of the prophet Samuel. But it is in modern times especially that ghosts have increased and multiplied. In our present enlightened era spirits, to borrow a flower of exprossion from the market-place, are lively, while philosophy rules dull, and is only in moderate request. The spirits of ancient days were rare. Perhaps the best known is the spirit of Darins, in the "Parses" of (Esohylas who demeans himself altogether differently from a modern ghost. In the first place, he is remarkably polite. He is dull of apologies for not having introduced himself be fore. It is not, be explains, in answer to the passionate appeal of his wife and countrymen, his own fault that he has not come sooner. He has been by no means sluggish in his movements, but several matters stood in the way of an earlier arrival, of which not the least important was the foot that the gods below the ground are better at reasiv- ing than at letting go. Then, again, so far is he from not speaking until spoken to, that hav- ing begun a conversation with the ahorus, he goes on to ask so long a series of questions as must have wearied out even their patience, and made them heartily repent of their invocation. For tho ghost of Cleonics we have only the word of Pausanias, her ardent lover and most mistaken assassin. The ghost of Epimenides, which appeared daring the life of that post, cannot be numbered among legitimate appari tions. Among the moderns, Dr. Johnson may be named as a firm believer in these flitting shadows, in spite of a weak credulity, as he called it, in his illustrious friend. That ex cellent biographer expressly affirms It a mis take, to be related though despised, to sup pose that Dr Johnson ever positively held the doctrine of tbe reappearance of departed spirits upon the earth. But a study of Dr Johnson's own works will certainly lead to a different conclusion. He speaks of the ghost question as one of the maost important that ever come before the human understand ing, whether in metaphysios or theology. He quotes without any grain of doubt or sa- tire the case of Edward Cave, the printer at St. John's gate, who saw, with his own eyes, a ghost which he naively described as "a something of a shadowy being," And the philosophic Imisc in Risselas is very far from allowing that when the brains are out the man will die, that after he is buried there is an end of him, and that, at least as far as this world is concerned, he is seen no more. On the contrary he adduces the con current testimony of all ages and nations favor of spiritual reappearance, and the author of the story supports him by say- ing that those even who deny it with their tongues yet confess it by their fears, and that though all argument might be against it, yet all belief is in its favor. So not without reason Churchill in his poem of the ghost— the celebrated Cock-lane Ghost of the cun- ning Fanny Parsons, which was quite willing . to sniff the morning air, and had no objection to society — represents Johnson as foregetting all his foreign crabbed words in his amaze ment at the spirits nine knocks. The ghost question may be of supreme im portance, but Is difficult to discuss it without arousing acrimony, A believer in ghosts genorous enough to allow that the majority of them are all of compact imagination, always brings forward at last the personal experience of his dearest friend, a man or woman of un- Impeachable veracity, and perfectly incapable of the slightest untruth or exaggeration. If you object in any way to a simple relation of facts which happened in the year 18 — to this worthy member of a most respectable family, then, indeed, you bear at once the crackling of the thorns under the pot. You have discredited the utterly disinterested evidence of your opponent's dearest friend, alas! now dead, and your opponent himself becomes another Hamlet, ready in his belief of ghosts to resort to the extreme measure of making a ghost of anybody who discredits it. There is, Indeed, a certain natural love of ghosts inherent in the human -mind. People, however, are mostly ashamed of this affection, as of many other affections equally natural. They profess a purely scientific interest, and call aloud in public for those narratives of apparitions only which are really well authenticated.. It is not a mere freak of idle curiosity which animates them, but the laudable desire of accurately in- vestigating the nature of the mysterious phenomena of the spiritual world. But, in private, the silliest of ghost stories will hold the majority of readers spell-bound, They will be affected by it as the weddiug guest was affected by the glittering eye of the Ancient Mariner. Tho odds are ninety- nine to one that our numerous periodical publications known as Christmas Numbers will all contain a ghost story; and there is an equal probability that this story will be read before the rest. If the true test of a story's merit be its power of enchaining the reader's atten- tion, if that book be the best which is not laid aside till the last page be turned, the book whose conclusion Is received with the same regret with which the belated traveller, In the old eloquent comparison, beholds the last beams of departing day, then indeed must ghosts occupy a high position in romantic literature. To ghosts, for the most part, we studiously incline. Those who raise them desire, like the Fat Boy in Pickwick, to make our flesh creep, and if they attain that result we all well satis- fied. Improbabilities and inconsistencies of time and place and person are all pardoned and passed over if our hair can but be made to stand on end. Moreover, much that might give a pause, which we should at once reject if related as happening in the ordinary world, may be willingly allowed to occur in the ex- traordinary world of ghosts. To expect them to conduct themselves like common folk would be to look for a fish in an elm. They are not, indeed, bound to talk sense as we understand it. When the two kings of Brentford, in the Duke of Buckingham's play of the Rehearsal, descend from the clouds in white garments, preceded by three fiddlers in green, those ghostly sovereigns sing certain verses of which the sense is, to speak of it most favorably, Sibyl line. But, as Mr Bayes most judiciously ob- erves, "when once you tie up spirits and people in clouds to speak plain you spoil all" ; and what Mr Bayes said In the reign of the second Charles holds goods in that of Victoria. The Red Sea was already inconveniently crowded with ghosts in days the oi Addison ; but ghost after ghost will doubtlesss continue to be laid there or elsewhere till that far-off time when the accounts shall be finally settled between the company of light and that of darkness, between tbe respectable house of science and the rotten sooiety of folly and superstition,— Tho Globe. 