CHAPTER XXIII. , OCT OK THE WASTE. I WHILE Katty, deprived of all presence of mind by this unfortunate occurrance, stood stupidly gazing at the insensible Norah, Sir Piers with moro presence of mind, raised her from the rugged stones on which she lay. He would have carried her to the fire to try and restore some warmth into ber icy bands, if her attendant, shaking off her bewilder ment, had not interposed to prevent it. ' Bring her away, sir, while's there's time to do it. Another five minutes, and they'll be asking themselves if it was really a spirit they saw, and coming back to make sore. Bring her away at once 1' ' In this condition ?' asked Sir Piers, look ing doubtfully at Norah, whose wan face h?d fallen helplessly on bis ahoalder. Katty gave a slight sob, for ehe had been apprehensive all along of some such disaster arising from the nse of the potion ; but she had faithfully promised to obey all ber mis tress's injunctions, and, therefore, Gh» In sisted. ' Fes sir, even in that condition. Dead or clive, she'd rather be out of the tower than ia it ; and, if we stay here, we drop back into the power of a man who hates and fears us ; while, if we make good our escape; we eau avenge the darlint, if we can do nothing else.' This was so true, that Sir Piers no longer hesitated. He was tait find strong enough to carry his insensible bnrden easily''; and, clasp ing her closely to his breast*'he signed to Katty to lead on, and followed ' her With all possible speed from the building. The girl's nimble fingers had torn off the white garment in which Norah played the ghost of herself, leaving her wrapped in a dark cloak that would effectually shelter her from the mists rising from the bay. ' : Guided by Kitty's whispered injunctions, Sir Piers bad no sooner crossed the threshold of the lower ports! than hs edged away, keep ing within the shodow of the walls till ha could turn from the side of the building on which the moonlight gleamed, and cross, with but little danger "f detection, the small, open space on the further edge of which stood the clump of yew trees. The fugitives had to move with caution, as a couple of the men a trifle bolder than the rest had paused at no great distance from the tower, and were looking back, perhaps in tho expectation of seeing the white form that had frightened them into flight emerge from it. But their sight was not keen enough to detect those who really did make their way to a spot at no very great distance from where they stood, urging each other to return and chal lenge the apparition. As soon as the dark branches of the solemn old trees effectually concealed sir Piers from observation, Katty bade him lay Miss Darcy on the ground, that she might try such simple remedies as she could devise for her recovery. ' Not here-not here I' he answered. ' We are too close to our pursuers. We shall be discovered.' ' Not likely, sir,' said Katty coolly. ' When those senseless noddies have found out the trick put upon them, it isn't within a stone's throw of the tower that they'll be looking for us.' There was some truth in this ; bot still the Baronet longed to get further away, and he told her so.1 ' 'Deed, sir we can do nothing till we've bronght Miss Norah to ; for how far, wid all the will in the world, would ye carry, ber ? Let me run about, and rave and tear ; 'ti« I little else they're fit for,' she ud>led, c<»n I temptuously ; 'and they'll soon fiuel out that it's of no use till they've the daylight to help them. Then they'll be off, in right earnest, to search every track to the town ; for them's the routes by which they'll expect us to be going.' 1 But can wo not outstrip thom by starting at once ?' enquired Sit Piers. 1 Wid nothing to guide u» but lue uiu.n. shine, and Miss Norah like this ? Sure, sir, 'twould be great haste but little Bpeed. We must bring the life back to her first, aud let the rest take care of itself. Anyhow we're out of the cage, and wid that we must be con tent.' Bo», Katty's vigorous dialings snd rubb ings had no effect till Sir Piers remembered the flask of spirits in his pocket. A lew drops of this Norah was, with much difficulty, in duced to swallow ; and then, with a gasp and a sigh, she raised herself, and began to look abont her. The numbing influence of the potion was Btill affecting her bram ; but the night air that played so briskly about her temples assisted in reviving her. The heavy dullness that weighed down ber eyelids slowly disappeared ; and, in the course of an hour, Norah Darcy was almost as bright anti euergetic as of old. She agreed with Katty in thinking that it would not bf prudent to quit tbe.ehelter of the yews just at present, and climbed with her attendant into the lower boughs of ode of the largest of the trees, while the Baronet cau tiously peered forth to ascertain wha¿;had be come of Megan and the reBt. ?'? They were slowly and reluctantly approach ing the tower, swayed for one moment by a dread of seeing the ghostly figure that had driven them away ; and, at the next, debat ing what had become of Sir Piers and Katty, whose utter disappearance was now arousing their suspicions. ' May be tbe poor colleen bag gwounded away wid the fright of it/ suggested one of the fellows. ' But the big Englishman-what's gone of him ? What will the mastber say if we've nothing better to tell bim than that be's vanished, and we can't say how nor where ? Telling him that he saw a ghost won't satisfy bim. He'll declare that we were all tipsy to gether, or dreamed it.' This iras considered unanswerable, for they nil had a dream of arousing tbe ire of Mr. Muciuanus : and so, by dint of bolster ing up e¡ich other's courage' thpy contrived to muster enough amongst them to''re-enter the tower. Then those who hid from them heard their loud bursts of wrath when they found (he ghost's drapery, their passionate denunciationE of their own credulity, and Kegnu's voice raised above the rest, vowing vengeance on those who had tricked him into deserting bis post and expo-ed him td the'anger of'hie master. ' We must find the runaways, b'\s.'-ir Piers heard him declare. . They haven't had time to get far, and we can't do belier than hunt them out before thc uiasther comes back and knows what fools we have been.' {le ht cvn-limttd.) 