THE CHANGE IN THE FBENCH MINISTRY. M. Gambetta is becoming more and more predominant in French politics. There can be little doubt that this is the true explanation of the re cent Ministerial crisis. M. de Frey cinet had sustained his position with cradit and efficiency ; he bad proved his ability both to direct the foreign policy cf the nation with dignity, and to guide its internal sffairs with prudence ; but yet he felL His fa'l was the more re markable because it occurred at a time when nothing of the kind seemed likely to take place. His Government had successfully piloted its way between the rocks of the Parliamentary session aud had won the quiet harbour of recess. There was no sudden squall in the shape of a vote of censure or gathering storm of popular disapproval to render the navi gation dangerous. The .vessel foundered durisg a calm. Whatever damage it sus tained came from within and not from without. The chief of the Cabinet stood well with the people generally, and in his own particular district had but recently received quite an ovation. In the absence of any .outward reason sufficient to account for hia overthrow, it is evident that the internal dissensions of the Cabinet mast have been of a most serious character to produce such a result. When the facts come to be examined closely it appears that the head and front of 31. de Freycinct's offending was his assump tion of an independent position. He ven tured. to think and to speak for himself, as ras only becoming in one holding hit , ligh position ; but this was not what the , -eal ruler of France approved of, and con- j sequeotly M. de Freycinet had to ret'te. ; although he had not directly thwarted M. j Sambetta's policy, he had shown that he ' xtuld hold an opinion of hi* own, even ; though it differed from that of the Presi- ! Sent of the Chamber, and this divergence i might have grown wider had the 1 opportunity been allowed. To preclude the possibility of this individuality in terfering to an inconvenient extent with the crcret purposes of M. Gambetta, certain wires were pulled and movements initiated which accomplished their design of bringing about M. de Freycinet's resignation. 'The ostensible ground of attack on the late chief of the Cabinet was hia dealings with the religious orders. Disinterested onlookers will be inclined to believe that this part of his administration rather redounds to his credit than otherwise, and ought to have helped to secured the per manency of his official, position. The revival of obsolete laws aud their application by means of the March, decrees was an arbitrary proce dure that in any case was open to .grave objection, and especially bo tinder a republican form of go vernment. , By the enforcement of those the Republic laid itself open to the accusa tions of seeking the overthrow of religion, and emphasized its chronic quarrel with the Vatican. Such a contest as was entered upon, if prosecuted to the bitter end with out any effort at conciliation on either Bide, would of necessity land the country in complicated troubles without end. It is the distinguished merit of II. de Frey cinet that he adopted a course which, without sacrificing in the slightest degree the true interests of the Republic, or lowering its dignity by a hairVbreadth, provided means for the preservation of tranquillity while bringing the religious Orders under legal control. The situa tion was confessedly difficult and not without elements of danger. The suppres sion of the Jesuits, though generally viewed with comparative indifference, produced sufficient ebullitions of feeling in some cases to show that tha 3overnment had entered on unsafe ground. Had it pro ceeded to deal with the other communities in a similar manner the religious sensi bilities of large numbers of the people would have been far more deeply stirred. On the other hand, the Government could recede from its position without humiliation.- It is said that when M. de Freycinet was asked, after having carried into effect the decree against the Jesuits, what he would do next, he replied that he should negotiate. This statement was met by an incredulous [ex clamation with regard to the im possibility, of negotiating between two assaults. Yet it is precisely this im possible thing that he not only under took, bnt catiied to what may fairly be deemed a successful issue. The religions Orders in large numbers signed a declaration which was tantamount to an act of submission. This pro cedure was the more significant because the unanimity which characterized it proved it to have been inspired from the Vatican. M. de Fceycinet had therefore achieved a success in statecraft of ex traordinary brilliancy. It has been said that nearly every nation in Europe has been engaged in struggling with the Vatican, and that never during the laat eighty years has such a public declara tion of submission been secured from it. Having thus gained all or nearly all that was to be desired without risking the con sequences of a violent struggle with the Papacy, 31. de Freycinet was naturally disposed to follow the path of strict legality and to allow the Orders to avail them selves of a Bill that was being prepared for dealing with all Associations. It may again be remarked that the modera tion and wisdom of M. de Freycinet's policy merits the highest praise. A more violent policy has prevailed, for, ta we learn by this morning's telegrams, the work of expulsion has been completed, but his reputation for statesmanship is fully established, and this will enhance the probabilities of his return to power. Though the enforcement of the religious decrees was made use of a3 a stalking horse, no one seriously believes that it was the primary or real reason of M. de Freycuet's downfall. With in a few days of the Cherbourg fete at which M. Gambetta so expressed himapif as to rouse German distrust to a dangerous degree the lata Minister delivered an address at MontauBan, in which he reviewed the whole internal and foreign policy of France. The speech was eminently thoughtful, calm, and resolute. Its allusions to the March decrees and the questions flowing therefrom wera brief and judicious, and its representation of the state of affairs at name and abroad was patriotic and. reassuring. For all that it seems to have been singularly distasteful to 3L Gambetta. What the future dictator would have preferred would have been an echo of his harangue3 at Cherbourg, but it was nothing of the kind. Not only was there no allusion of the faintest kind to that part of his dimly foreshadowed policy which has given umbrage in Berlin, but it seemed as though there were an express design to neutralize its effect Moreover, M. de Freycinet Bpake with the authority of the head of the Government, and ventured on such remarks as that a policy of adventure would never be resorted to, and that the situation was one of peace without boast ing as well as without weakness. Saca being the tenor of his observations, we can easily understand that his resigna tion following so soon afterwards caused a feeling of considerable disquiet through out Europe, and especially in Germany. Probably M. Gambetta did not mean much by his Cherbourg speech, but the most was made of it, and the hostility dis played to the author of a more reassuring statement encouraged adverse comment. It is manifestly inconvenient, both for France and for Europe generally, that M. G^mbetta should continue in hia present position. He is an anomaly in that he wields power without responsibility. Were be either President of the Republic or head of the Government, he would feel tbe trammels of official position and be compelled to assume the responsibility of his acts. At present no one can tell what is the drift of his policy, and hence arises much and disturbing speculation as to bis ulterior aims. By some critics he is supposed to intend to secularize the whole of French civil life. His programme is understood to include the progress of de mocracy by making war on the privileged classes, depriving the various Orders, whether aristocratic or ecclesiastical, of all influenceon the administration ; making education absolutely secular.; and intro ducing additional alterations that have a strong flavour of Socialism. Tbe fact that such designs are attributed to him is all the more serious because of the power he evidently possesses of making and un making Ministries at will. He has in volved himself in a situation which is novel and indescriable. The influence he exerts renders it almost imperative for him to assume the responsibility of office, and pet it is certain that his doing so at the present time would be extremely hazardous. To Germany espocialiy it would be most distasteful, even if it were not regarded as a direct menace. In riew of this neighbourly susceptibility, he has done well to allow another French states man to «icceed M. de Freycinet The change thus effected is not a material one, for M. Jules Ferry was the author of the famous seventh clause, which con tained the germ of all the difficulty that has arisen with the religious Orders, and he will not unwillingly complete the work he then begun. M. Gambetta will pro bably find him more pliant than hie pre decessor, but if not we shall doubtless hear before long that another Minis terial crisis has occurred. Kkuut thb Boshrangkk. — The pro ceedings in connection with the attempt to secure a reprieve for Kelly must excite the indignation of every law-abiding citizen. Whether it is wise to retain the penalty of death by hanging as a punish ment for murder is a matter about which there may fairly enough be a difference of opinion ; but so long as it is retained the capital sentence should certainly be carried out where the guilt is proved. No doubt, in very rare instances, facts may come to light after the trial of a person charged with murder which afford justifica tion for organizing a popular movement to secure the reprieve of the prisoner. Iu the case of Kelly nothing of the sort has occurred. The argument advanced that he shot the constables in self-defence is too transparently absurd to require refu tation. Had he and his companions not been in armed oppositioa to the law of the land, bad they not for months been following a lawless and reckless career, no loss of life would have occurred. Not only is the actual murder of the constables directly chargeable upon Kelly, but he is also responsible for tbe various outrages which led up to that tragedy. Hence we can find no shadow of an excuse for the movement of which the brothers Gaunson seem to be the self-appointed champions. We can conceive of nothing more likely to eap the foundations of order and security in our midst than any weak yielding on the part of the Executive to the clamour of an unreasoning mob. New South Wales has unfortunately more than once set a very bad example in this respect, and the action of the Executive of that colony in two or three noteworthy cases was calculated to have a most mis chievous effect Fortunately the attitude of the Marquis of Normanby towards the deputation which waited upon him on Saturday morning encourages the hope that in Victoria there wiU bo no pandering to the demands of the un thinking portion of the community, ?whose notions of right and wrong are bo perverted that they elevate a hardened and desperate criminal who is about to suffer the just punishment for his misdeeds into a hero persecuted and illused by the officers of jistice. We presume the final decision rests with the Executive ; but it is only fair to suppose that the opinion of the Governor will carry weight. No one. we imagine, will be much surprised at the part which Mr. David Gaunson has assumed in the affair, but we believe it is the first time that an official member of a colonial Legislature has taken the lead in a movement intended to defeat the ends of justice. We trust it will be the last time that such a discreditable attempt is made in any of the Australian Colonus. Thb Wbtcxagb on Middlktom Beach.— The Marine Board received from the Harbour Master at Port Victor, on Saturday, the follow ing telegram :— ' Have examined wreckage, and find it is btages washed from breakwater on Sunday.' Orauraa of the, Yachtimo Season.— Tie 8.A.Y.O. opeued their sesson at Port Adelaide on Saturday afternoon, November 6, and the whole affair was very successful and satisfac tory. Tbe weather was Bpleudid, and tbe visi tors numerous. Tbe Olub steamer was crowded. The Port Adelaide and Adelaide Hawing Clubs turned out on the occasion, and the form shown by the respective crews was first-rate. Xathch of a Mailboat.— Mr. George Play fair launched a mailboat named the Amazon from his shipbuilding yard, Birkenhead, on Friday morning, November 5. The boat bis been constructed to take tbe plice of the ste&m-; tender Fairy at Glenelg. Her length is SO feet over all, with 14 feet beam, and 8 feet depth in bold. She is planked with pitch pine and kauri, ber timbers sre American elm, and her deck-framing is composed of angle iron. She was designed by the builder, who merits tbe encomium that she is one of tbe prettiest-shaped boats tamed out in South Australia. She has a straight sietn with a round stern, and a good deal of ovec hanging for the purpose of passenger accommo dation. The deck is fitted with seats all round for receiving tbe greatest cumber of persons in space at diaposal. She has been supplied to the order of tbe Fairy Company, who have the contract for landing the mails at the Biy from the P. & O. boats. The machinery has been ordered of the well known firm of Plenty and Son, and comprised a 35 nominal horsepower high-pressure engine, with single screw, calcu lated for a speed of ten knots an hour. It wilt be fixed in the course of a few days. The I5T8BC0T.0NIAI. Ohicket Match. — Several of the cricketers who play in the inter colonial match between South Auttralia and Victoria left by the Victorian on Saturday. Navvies foe Poet Acousta.— By the steamer Lubra on Saturday seventy-two navvies went to Port Augusta under engagement to Messrs. Barry, Brookes, & Fraser, the contractors for the Fort Augusta and Government Gums line. Octfobt Pabadb. — A voluntary parade of the men of the Volunteer Military Force for the purpose of learning- outpost duty was held on Saturday, November 6, and a very creditable muster turned out, about 120 falling in. Cap tain Fergnsson told them in a few woris what was expected of them in outpost duty, and they were then formed into two detachment*. Ctoe marched *long Hindley-street and West terrace to the South Park Lauds, and tbe other gained the Park Lands by King William street, entering them at the rear of tbe Glenelg Bail way Sheds. Outposts were then stationed, and the forces represented an attacking party and a defense party, tbe attacking party advancing and tbe defence party retreating. The engagement only lasted a short time, five rounds of blank cartridge only being used. Ciptain Fergusson at the close of tho parade complimented the men on turning out so numerously, but said they showed a tendency to get into too close order in tb» retreat. We believe the evolutions were entered udjq for tbe purpose of getting tbe men accustomed to the work which they will have to do to-morrow. Handbook abd Guina to Mslbjcrnb. — We have received from Mr. F. F. Bailliere, through Messrs. S. S. Wigg ft Son, a copy of the official handbook and guide to Melbourne, aud ta the cities, principal towns, and mining district* of Victoria. The work is likely to prove TTy useful io travellers who intend to visit the In ternational Exhibition daring the next few months. A map of Victoria, showing the roads, railways, &c; , accompanies the book. Thb Last of iii Matob's Comobbts.— On ? Bitprdsy sight, November 6, the kit conoert oC the tcaron of r.3pulrr concerts In the Towa Hall . took place under tbe direction of Mom. Jules Ufeilhan, B~A. Tlte attendance was rather dis Kppointing, -the ball beius to* more than oaiC filled. Ino doubt the counter- attraction of tho opera, asd the fast that *o many persons have £oue off to the Melbourne Exhibition, account ?n a large measure for tbe comparatively small audience on this occasion. A most enticing programme was submitted, the chief item of whicb wu Mob*. Meilhan's pianoforte recitals. It has alway* been an unalloyed delight to listen to the pUjing sf ibis accomplished pianist. His niuterly eipres»ive »tjle acd brilliant exvcutioa generally cannot fall to please the aiait fas unions critic, and on Saturday evening he seemed to eclipse any ot liu lormer efforts. We refer particularly to tne three recitals bracketed together in tbu first part of the programme, viz., 'Le March i'unibre1' from Beethoven's ' Twelf en 8ooat»,' Gounod's 'Fonerai March of a Marioucite,' and Wagner's 'March from Tauauaoaer.' Hia in te*i-rbtation of these compositions, so widely difttring from one another, was somethlnj to be remembered. Not the least charm of Mori. Meilhan's plfjiug is tbe perfect **ce with ? which he tbreads tbe most intricate and in volved pMuges, and the evident pleasure it _ affords bun to pluuge rigbt into the thick of them. The performance waa Yocifero«»ly applauded, and be had a^ain ♦- come lor ward to appease the audienoe. H;» e&core; solo waa somewhat amu»ing if rather ont of place, it being hi* own 'setting' of tha familiar air 'For he's a jolly good fellew.' Coming ' it did after tbe grand marches he plajfd it was not a very happy ohaloe, still ii met with load applanse. In the second put of ' tbe programme he performed tarea of Me&delmohn;'s lieds — tne spinning lii !, tbe chase song, aud the hooting sourf— tba first being especially effective ami mviterly. It wu noticeable to every one that the piano on which he playeQ was very much out u{ order. On many former occasions the same tbing has been complained about, and it i« now surejy time that tbe City Council took the matter iu hand and had it put in proper repair. Madame Kobertaon, whose appearance wu warmly greeted, sang 'by request Kobandi'* charmiug aria, ' To my guidiug star,' in Italian, with violoncello obblig«to by Mr. Winteroottom, R.A Ji. This waa quite a gem ef vocalization, Madame Bobertsou being iu excelleut vcioe, sud rendering it without the ilighuwt effort. She afterwards eaug from memory, tne recit., cavatina. and allegro from Verdi's 'Dao Foscari,'' a very loug and ditiicult piece abound ing in ii ills aud runs, aud the music being of a vtry high range. None but a gifted professional singer could undertake such s piece as tbis, and Madame Kobertxm achieved a grand success in it. A round ot prolonged applause followed, and Bhe responded to the encore by singing tbe ballad 'Kobin Adair'in a sweet and takiug manner. Later on Madame Robertson and Mr. G. II. Nsfeh M.ng Duiiizetti's grand duet, 'II P«llor FnDesto Urrtndo,' Irom 'Lucia di Lamoier iccor.' Tbis was also a treat, and Mr. Kaah acquitted himself with marked credit. Ap parently it had bceu well practised by him, and tbe two voice* harmonized witb pleasing effect Mr. T. Narrowav was the touor singer of the conoert, and sang Gabriel's 'Hobj' and Blockley'a 'The Arab's Farewell,' in neither of which he chona to much advantage, hie voice lackiDg that musical sympathetic ring without which tmca a song as ' Kubv' cannot be effectively suDg. Mr. Winterbottom played on the violoncello two lew solos, Harmstou's ' Im promptu' — whicb waa encored and repeated — and Tours' ' Andantino and' Allegro.' These were performed in Mr. Winterbottom's usual able and tipreuive style, and by theouelve* would have sent away the audience well satisfied with their visit to the Town Hall. The grand organ was presided over by Mr. T. H. Jones, who played the overture to the 'Bohemian Girl' and selections from ' I Lombardi.' Mr. Burnett at Port Adelaide. — The third of Mr. Burnett's open-air temperance meetings at Port Adelaide was held near the waterworks office on Saturday night, after the usual preliminaries of torchlight processioning —rendered somewhat exciting by a counter movement by a street acrobat and his motley followiog. There was a very large attendance. Dr. Bollen presided, and in a brief address ex- pressed his entire sympathy with Mr. Burnett's objects and his concurrence in most of his methods. Strong drink was beyond question tbe bane of Britons all the world over; banish it, and almost every home would be a happy one. Nearly all the gaols in South Australia would be closed, and the Lunatic Asylum be almost without tenants. Tbe scenes he had to witness some- times in his professional capacity were enough to make almost any man a total abstainer. The Rev. J. Price highly praised Mr. Burnett's means of advertising his meetings. Torchlight processions were adopted for all other demon- strations, and why not for those in furtherance of temperance reform. Particularly he approved of tbe prartice of adorning those engaging in the ' crusade' with a red ribbon. No sooner had he uttered the sentiment than Mr. Burnett stepped forward and affixed one of the ribbons to his coat, thus causing much amusement. Mr. Price, continuing, ex- pressed his opinion that Port Adelaide was not, as had been stated, a peculiarly drunken place; but, notwithstanding, it was not by any means a model town socially, and Mr. Burnett had found and would find plenty of work to do; and, doing it, should be supported by every philanthropist. After selections by the Magill Band, and a choir led by Mr. M. Morgan, and a trio (capitally sung and encored). Mr. Burnett delivered an earnest address on 'Social Ship- wreck,' prefacing it with a description of a visit be had paid on the preceding day to the Refor- matory hulk at the Semaphore. As a result of that visit, all tbe boys confined there, to the number of forty-six, had signed the temperance pledge. These, with other pledges received during tbe week, made the total since the close of the previous meeting, and independently of the present, 350, or 1,020 since the commence- ment of the crusade. The announcement of these results was received with much cheering. The meeting was very orderly throughout, and at its close eighty-four pledges were adminis- tered, bringing the total number obtained up to 1,104. Hubsk Accident.— Trooper Beibey, who U stationed with others at Belair duting the con tinuance of tbe strike on tbe Nairne Hallway works, met with a serious accident on Saturday afternoon. He w«s riding a vicious though high-spirited horse from the direction of Oaro mtttdtl Valley to the Belair Hotel. The atiiuial was always rather hard to hold, and had bttn already considerably chafed io conse quence -of the free une of the curb. Opposite Bottrell'a place tbe horse took tbe bit between bis teeth and bolted. The rider immediately u»ed tbe curb, and the animal commenced bucking from oue side of the road to the other, and when near the Belair Hotel made a straight dash for the front door. The trooper stuck to bis pigakin skilfully, and just managed to swerve tbe horse from tbe front door, but tbe impetus of .the animal carried him ou till ha jammed his rider between an iron tank and tbe side of the hotel, and, commencing again to buck, ' u&horsed; him. Keibey wti thrown violently against tbe tsnk, and received several cevere injuries to his skull. Dr. Joyce, from town, waa sent for, end tbe patient waa some wbat better on tbe following day. It is thought that be will in all probability recover. Svddhs Death.— Tbe police reported to the City Coroner ou Snuday evening the suddea death of a young girl earned Mary Aun flartigau, egtd thirteen, living in Gray-street, off Kriukliu ?treet. From tbe inquiries made it was eliojte J. tbat deceased had been subject to fits forsorno years, and that a few hours before ber deith she bad bad an attack of one. Her friend* being accustomed to see her iu this state did not think it necetsary to send for a doctor ; evontu ally. however, Dr. Diioa was sent for, and be went at once, bnt on bis arrival tbe girl was dead. The Coroner, after visiting the houso and taking the statements of tbe friends and consulting the doctor, did not think it necessary to hold an inquest. BxAHntATiOK of WiTHgSBBS. — Iu tbe cue of tbe eiaminatien of a witness in tbe Port Police Court on Saturday morning, November 6, Mr. B. J. Turner, S.M., availed himself of an oppor tunity to remark on a bad babit which bad toeen lately acquired there in tbe examination of witnesses. It seetaed to be tbe practice to repeat the answers of a witness, and osca« sionally, be muit *ay, with alterations. He did cot wish to include or exclude any particular member of the prof ewion, all of whom displayed the greatest deference to the Bench. It had, however, occurred on some occasions tbat run ning comments had been made on the evidence before tbe time hadiarrived for their utterance. It would be much Wetter for tbe Magistrate ta note the wards from the mouth of witnesses xerbatim. ' Auaticbs Aflovt.— On Sunday afternoon a lot of amateura left tne Semaphore Jetty under the impression that they were about to enjoy a sail. Tbere were one or two amongst them who, judging by their tarpaulin bats and bright buttons, should have been aufait at boat aailing. Wbeti, however, tbe moorings were let go and tbe Lurliue paid off and filled away, it *as at once seen that tbe craft waa in tbe charge of a set of people who knew nothing about boats at all. They had sot even tbe sense to reef down as tbe wind increased, t ot for a time managed to make some progress, UDtil at last tbe craft was run on shore at Point lUalcclui. It was fortunate tbere was some tuMttniiee at hand, avid after » deal of trouble tLe' b^iehtnen managed to get ber off, ana tow ber back to the mouiiugs. Bicuvkd. — Tbe &vuikj; u»trelian Jndependent for November. Wood's TwncK-Bnronra Hahvisthb.— The agriculturists are irdebted to Metar?. J. 6. Bamsay & Co., of Adelaide, machinists, for introducing into this colony Wood's twjne bffiding harvester. It is just the machine the farmers require, and thoagh the cost will be about £80 iC would b9 to the advantage of large agriculturists to have one or more on their farms. A trial of one was made on Mr. J. EL Angas's estate. Hill River, ou Friday, 24orember 5, and the rejult w?i highly satisfactory. It was quite a red-let tjr day at Hill Hirer, there being about fifty gentlemen in the field for eeTtial hours where the harvester wu at work. They were chiefly farmers and machinists, and every one spoke highly of the way the hirvester did its work. Tiie harvester was drawn by three hones, and the Oliver's seat was fixed ic a convenient place which, enabled him to have foil command over them, and where he could easily regulate the ?machine. It cat a breadth of 4 fc.ti in. ; the hay fell evenly on endless rollers, aad was by them carried to the binder. The binder worked on a principal similar to se«in& machines, and ?when the sheaves were a certain ske they were neatly and tightly tied and thrown out clear of the machine. The crop operated upon w*s above the average, and in some places broken down coq aiderabry, but the harvester did its work well even at such unfavourable spcta. Where the crop was much twisted about, a shexf was oa two or three occasions thrown out without being tied. This slight defect was satisfactorily ex plained by Mr. J. Freeman, who represented the makers. The binder on the machine was an old one and cot one of ths latest improvement!. The new ones had not arrived, having been taken by .he steamer to Melbourne instead of being unshipped at Adelaide. The wheat crops could be cat by this harvester when not over-ripe or in damp westher, and rbe straw could thus be utilized, and in fact would make excellent hay. V.B.O. 8FMira Mbetixb.— This very success ful meeting was brought to a close on Saturday. The Flemiugton Stakes produced a fine finish between Monmoath, Welcome Jack, and Topaz, but the brother to Chester just beat the winner of the Ifaribrrcong' Plate by a head, the Sooth Australian representative beirg a very close third. Grand Flaneur and Progress fought their battle o'er again in the Mares' Produce Stakes, the latter this time having Bespite and Con stance to cat out the running. The race, however, wrs a repetition of the Derby and Onp. Grand Flaneur, notwithstanding his penalty, beating Progress by more th»n a length, liata won the V.E O. Handicap, and Himalaya, an outsider, the Steeplechase, Barchedon and Timberco falling early in the race. Progress, notwithstanding h't severe race in the Mares' Produce Stakes, managed to best Sweetmeat in the Canterbury Plate, and Prattle jostgot home before Sivalry in the Free Handicap. Thb Nhw Shipping Act.— The first case in the colony under the Payment of Wages and Bating of Seamen Act, 1880, pasied in August last, was tried at the Port Police Court on Saturday, November 6. The captain of the barque Oak lands was charged with refusing to allow a sea man to go ashore to complain of his conduct to a Magistrate, and with wing such treatment as justified the recision of the contract. The evidence did not disclose any serious illtreit ment by the defendant, but the Court cautioned him on the way in which he had acted towards the man. The point wasnot argued, though ratad by Mr. Dempster, that the part of the Act relating to the recision of the contracts did not operate in South Australia. As the Court did sot consider sufficient cause had been shewn for 'any recision the information was dismissed without costs. Crickbt.— The following team has been chosen to play against the Adelaide and Suburban Asso ciation eighteen on the Oral on Saturday next, November 13. Menrs. B. J.Fureell (captain), Knill, Blinnun, Arthur, Caterer, Botten, Browu, Mitchell, Tborgarland, Norman, and Waldron. Emergency— S^pw, Ayers, and Qailty. At the last meeting of the committee preli mininaty arrangements were made for giving the Australian Eleven a hearty public welcome on their return, and the sub-committee will meet early in the week to mike final arrange nenta for-their reception. Oathouc Pionc Spobts.— The following are the entries and handicaps for the athletic sports to be held to-morrow in connection with the Catholic Picnic at the Exhibition Grounds : —One Hundred Yards Flatrace— T. Hubble, scratch ; J. Irving, 5 yds. ; J. Badford, 5 yds. ; J. Tilden, 6 yds. ; J. Fitzgerald, 7 yds. ; B. Coonan, 7 yds ; A. Farmer, 7 yds. ; E. Fitz gerald, 9 yds.; J. Brown, 10 yds. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Flatrace — T. Hubble, scratch ; J. Irving, 12 yds ; J. Badford. 13 yds.; J. Fitz gerald, 12 jds. ; J. Tilden, 14 yds. Two Hun dred and Twenty Yards Hurdle Bice— T. Hubble, scratch ; E. Colbey, 7 yds. : fi. J. Judd, 9 yds.; J. Fitzgerald, 12 yds.; W. Bawhey, 13 yda. One Hundred and Fifty Yards Hurdle Bace— T. Hubble, scratch ; E. Colbey, 4 yds. ; B. J. Judd, 6 yds. ; J. Fitzgerald, 7 ytls. ; E. Fitzgerald, 8 yds ; W. Bawhey, 8 yds. Three Mile Bicjcle Match— W. Kuhnel, scratch ; J. Tinrfey, 60 yds ; W. Nell, 100 yds ; C. F. Sillitoc, ICO yds. ; W. Tyler, 150 yds. ; E. Lap thorne, 2C0 yds. Half-Mile F la trace -T. Hubble, scratch ; J. Whittlesea, 5 yds ; W. Franei?, 5 yds ; J. Morrison, 15 yds. ; J. Bitler, 15 yds. ; A. Smith, 25 yds. ; A. Firmer, 30 yds. ; B. Coonan, 45 yds. ; J. Brown, 50 yds. New Music — We are indebtei to Mr. Wood man for a copy of a second edition of Glen's 'Exhibition Album,' contaieing four soog-i, and the lame numtsr of dancss arranged for the pianofotte. The work bu been admirably lithographed, and, for the colonies, ia a msrvel of cheipneis. The in strumental pieces include 'The Manchester Schottische,' by Alfred Meyer; the 'Lancers,' arranged by Herr Plcok. introducing airs selected from the opera 'Die Fledermins'; a set of waltzes by Herr Plock, entitled ' Stolen Kisses;' and ' The Melbourne Exhibition Quadrille,' by Harcourt Lse, in which are introduced a number of popular airs of the music ball typ«. These will be found to be nseful exercises for novitiate pianists. The melodies of the vocal numbers all fall within the range of a soprano or tenor voice. We think they may be arranged in the fol lowing order of merit: — 1. Song, 'Betray me not.' from ' The Hermit's Bell.' 2. Song. 'Good Night,' by Hecror B. McLean. 3. Ballad, 'Farewell! five's Chain is Broken,' by Luscombe TeavreL 4. Ballad, ' Golden Moments,' by Alfred MouL Accident. — James Shaw, a man sixty years of age, a resident of Marryatville, was admitted at the Adelaide Hospital on Sunday morning suffering from a fractured leg, the result of a fall while walking along the street. Chickbt.— The Oval matches on Saturday resulted in an exciting mat^h between the Kents and South Australians being won by the former by one wicket, and in the South. Adelaides de feating the Kensingtons by four wicket*. Giekelo McstciPAt Elbctiohs.— Mr. O. M. Mnirhead, a candidate for the representation of New Glenelg Ward, will address the electors to night at the Broadway Hotel, New Glenelg. Chtbch AzraiTESSABiBS. — Anniversary tea and pnblic meetings are to be held this evening Tn~tbe JNbrth Adelaide Baptist Church and in . the United Methodist Free Church. Court of Betision. — This afternoon the Town Council of Hindmarsh will sit as a Court tt» revise the burgess rolL Gibber's Thea.trb. — The spectators at Pro fessor Pepper's stance on Saturday evening seemed thoroughly to enjoy themselves. As this will be the last week it is necessary, that those who have not yet seen the Ghost should not lose the opportunity. The educational value of the microscooic illustrations to chil dren as well as to others of a larger growth can scarcely be over-estimated. After this week the Profewor proceeds to the country to fulfil several engagements. He stated that he had no canee to regret bis visit to South Australia, as he had. succeeded so well that although he at first only intended to stay a fortnight his visit bad extended to six or teren weeks. During the week several novelties will be introduce i, and on Friday evening; the Professor will take his benefit. Asttdois for Strtchkijtb. — Valuable sheep and cattle dogs are frequently lost through their picking op baits poisoned with strychnine. The following staple antidote is supplied by a correspondent of the Pleasant Creek Fetes :— In- sert a straw in the stem of a tobacco pipe which is in u*e, and then draw it across the tongue of the animal which has taken tie poison. Suffi cient nicotine is thus obtained to counteract the effects of tfce stryebaine, but n«t go much as to effect the animal prejudicially.' Vjuobic Bkjisteb. — We have been shown a steel ecgravM masonic register wbich bastoen designed for recording the career of member* of the craft It is a splendid work of art. and las been greatly admired by Masons in the different colonies. Thb Ixstitctb Keadixs-Rooji ajk- Mcseck. — The Reading-rcom of the South Austcaliauln stitute, and the Museum, will be open to morrow, but the Library will be dosed. Thb Houbay. — A notice in another ooltrma intimates that on Tuesday the 6.55 train from Adelaide to Gawler will be continued to Kapunda. Dr. Schombuhjk.— The esteemed Curator of the Botanic Garden his been elected a cor ztspoodicg member of the Californian Stite Horticultural Society— a new Society which w.18 organized in 1S79. This is the fortieth (tiptoma wbich Dr. Schomburgk hts recemd -i urine his cuie.r. 