The Storyteller. The Strange Adventure of George Vallance. BY DARMINGO. INTBODtrOTION. ON the 26th of last January I left Toowoomba by the early train. In the compartment in which I was seated there was only one other passenger—an apparently elderly man, with gray hair and beard, and wearing blue spectacles. Now I take great interest in the scientific ques tions that of late years have been agitating the learned and theological circles of the Old World* and am always glad to meet anybody who is open to a little discussion on the merits of the different theories. My fellow-traveller somehow impressed me with the idea that he was such a one. Hoping, therefore, to beguile the tedium of the journey to Brisbane with a little instructive argument, I made a few remarks on the ordinary topics of the day. He answered me in grave quiet tones that seemed to betoken that he possessed the inclina tions I gave him credit for. " By-the-by," I said, plunging at once into the middle of my subject, " Do you believe in the proteinaceousness of all forms of protoplasm ?" He gave an unaffected start of dismay, and gazed curiously at me through his spectacles. " I have not studied the subjeot sufficiently to give you a decided answer," he said at last in a slightly constrained tone, "but am rather in clined to take that view of the case." "There I differ with you," I said eagerly. 41 Now take for instance the effect produced by the action of galvanism as applied to producing contraction of the component parts of the funda mental substance. The very same effect can be produced upon matter which contains only two of the elements common to both ; and chemical analysis as applied to the living subject" "No you don't!" he cried, starting up and showing himself to be a tall athletic man, much younger than I had supposed. " Not alive I I defy you!" " My dear sir," I stammered, " you must have completely misunderstood me." " I don't misunderstand you. Tou have tracked me down, but"—and he seized me by the shoulder—"you'll never live to boast of it. I'm going to throw you out of the door I" We were half way down the range when he uttered this threat, just crossing a viaduct, with the tops of tall gum trees far below us. "Do you mean to murder me ?" I gasped, horror-stricken, for I felt helpless in his strong hands. " Self-defence," he replied coolly, as he opened the door ; " you are an agent of Allcut's, and, as such, deserve no mercy at my hands." " Allcut 1" I cried ; " never heard of the man before, and have no more evil design against you 'than a helpless monad." ]{c seemed to hesitate. " 1 may be mistaken," he said ; " I should not like to kill you without reason, but I scarcely know whether to let you off or not." After blinking at me doubtingly, as if still debating the feasibility of throwing me into the next gully we crossed, be—to my great relief— closed the door, released my shoulder, and sat down. " I owe you an apology for my behaviour just now," he said after a pause, during which he scrutinised me narrowly. "I believe I vat hasty ; but your words were suspicious, as you would admit if you knew aIL" I mumbled something about its not being of any consequence, although I still felt the effects of bis grip on my shoulder. " To tell you the truth," he went on, "if Fm found by certain people my life will not be worth much, and naturally I am a little suspicious." I thought that throwing a man off a railway train was a little hasty, but said nothing, as we just then plunged into a tunnel. When we were in the middle of it, and in total darkness, my companion laid his hand on my arm, and shouted in my ear : " Properly speaking, I am a dead man !" " Don't joke about such things," I said ner vously, as 1 thought what a nice situation I was in, shut up with a lunatic seemingly. "Pooh! I don t mean that I'm a ghost, but by rights 1 ought to be." " UnleBB yon are a little more explicit," I Baid, " I am afraid I cannot quite follow you." " Will you Bwear not to reveal to any man for at least a fortnight what I am going to tell you ? By the end of that time I shall be well out of harm's way." " I will readily promise that." " It's a long story, so don't grumble if you get bored." The adventure that he then related to me I found so remarkable that I requested him to allow me to take notes of it as he proceeded. I do not therefore profess that I heard it in the same unbroken manner in whioh it is given here, but in substance it is the same. 