CHAPTER XVIII.-"WHY DID YOU THBOW YOTJB WEDDED LADT PROM You ?" The two girls at the Water House lived their solitary life all through the dark week before Christmas. They read a great deal ; Bella con fining herself to tho novels from the Groat Yafford librarv, Beatrix reading those books which she be lieved were to fib her for companionship with Cyril Culverhouse in the days to como. They did not find so much to say to each other as friends of such long standing might have been expected to find. But Beatrix was by nature reserved about those subjects nearest her heart, and her cloistered life gave her few other subjects to talkabout. On tho dusky winter afternoons ¿hey went up to the lumber-room and had a feast of music on the old piano; Bella singing prettily in a clear soprano voice-thin but not unmelodious-Beatrix playing church music with the touch of a player in whom music was a natural expression of thought and feeling, and not a laboriously acquired art. Very rarely could Beatrix be persuaded to 3ing, but when she did uplift her fresh young voice, the rich contralto tones were like the sound of an organ, and even Bella's shallow soul was moved by the simple melodies of tho Psalter of those days : "Aspautsthe hart for cooling streams, Whoa hoated in tho chase," or, " With ono consent lot all the earth To God their cheerful voices raise." " Has Mr. Culverhouse ever heard you sing?" inquired Bella. "Never. Where should he hear me? I never sing anywhere but in this room." "And in church." Yes, of course in church. But I do not think even Cyril could distinguish my voice out,of a whole congregation." "He might," said Bella; "all the rest sing through their noses." Por fine days there was the garden, and, for variety, Puck and the pony- carriage. Miss Hare field took her friend for long drives across the moor. Once they met Cyril in one of the lanes, and passed him with a distant recognition. Bella saw Beatrix's cheek grow paleras he came in sight. " How white you turned just now !" she said, when Puck had carried them ever so for away from the curate of .Little Yafford. " Did I ?" asked Beatrix. " I don't think I can be as pale as you. That was sympathy, I suppose. You íélt how hard it was for me to pass him by." " Yes," answered Bella, in her quiet little way, " that was what I felt." Bella had been staying at the Water House a week, and during that time had seen Mr. Hare field about half a dozen times. He was in the habit of dining with his daughter and her governess on Sundays. It was not a pleasant change in his hermit-like life, but be made this sacrifice to pa ternal duty. Every Sunday at ê o'clock he sat down to dinner with his daughter and Miss Scales. Now that Miss Scales was away, he sat down alone with the two girls, and looked at them; curi ously, when he found himself face to face with them at the board, as if they had been a now species in zoology, which he had never before had tho opportunity of scrutinizing. He looked from one to the other thoughtfully, while he unfolded his napkin, as if he were not quite clear as to which was his daughter, and then, having made up his mind on that point, addressed himself, with a slight turn of the head, to Beatrix. " Your friend has grown very much," he said. "Do you really think so, Mr. Harefield," in quired Bella, with a gratified simper. It was some thing to be spoken of, in any wise, by this modem Timon. Mr. Harefield wont on helping the Boup without a word. He had quite forgotten his own remark, and had not heard Bella's. They got half-way through the dinnor in absolute silence. Then a tart and a pudding appeared, and the tart being set down rather suddenly befoi e Mr. Harefield, seemed to disturb him in the midst of a walking dream. " Have you heard from Miss Scales ?" he asked his daughter, abruptly. "Yes, papa. I hav9 had two letters. Her aunt is very ill. She is afraid she will die." " She hopes it, you mean. Can you Buppose such a sensible person as Miss Scales would wish a tiresome old woman's life prolonged, when she will get a legacy by her death ?" " Miss Scales is a good woman, papa. She would not be so wicked as to wish for any one's death." "Would she not? I'm afraid there are a great many good people on this earth wishing as hard as they can in the samo line. Expectant heirs, expectant heiresses, waiting to wrench purse and power from a dead man's gripe." After that pleasant speech the master of the house relapsed into silence. Tho old butler moved quietly to and fro. There was a gentle jingle of glass and silver now and then, like the ringing of distant sleigh-bells. The wood ashes foll softly from the wide old grate. The clock ticked in the hall outside. Timo hobbled and halted like a cripple Bella began to think that even a home Sunday-with Mr. Scratchell swearing at the cooking and Mrs. Scratchell in toara-was bettor than this. It was at least open misery, and thé storm generally blew over as rapidly as it arose'. Here there was a suppressed and sullen gloom, aB of a tempest always impending and never com ing. "What a waste of wealth and luxury it seemed to sit in a fine old room like this, sur rounded by all good things, and to bo obstinately wretched ! . " When dinner was over, and certain dried fruits . and pale half-ripened oranges had been carried : round by the butler's subordinate, the butler.him- , self following solemnly with decanters and claret :? ><, jug, and nobody taking a'nything, the two girls ¡v rose, at a loot from Beatrix, and left Mr. Harefield alone. ;i. " Will you come up to my room and have some -. tea, papa?" Beatrix asked at tho door. o " Not to-night, my dear. I have a new number. :.\ of the WESTMINSTER to read. You and Miss ? Scratchell can amuse yourselves. Good night." u .., No paternal kiss was offered or asked. ...,;.< " Good-night, papa," said Beatrix, and she and Bella went away. lb was a long evening. Bella did not like to !v open a novel, and did not care for Bishop . Ken, .:. whose "Practice of Divine Love,'' formed the lait? w stage in Miss Harefield's self-culture. The only.ri" piano in tho house was ever so far away in' the ..'.?;( lumber-room, and the lumber-room af ter dark .was . . suggestive of ghosts and goblins, or, at any rate,. ¿ J of rats and mice. .. .. t, Sunday evening at the parish church was gayer .-. i than this, Bella thought, as she sat by the fire.i ?;,-i stifling her frequent yawns, and watched Beatrix's, - . thoughtful face bending over Bishop Ken. "Yes, sho is much handsomer than I am," re» H fleeted Bella, with \ pang of envy. " How can I 1 f wonder that he likes her best? She is like one of ? .' those old prints Mr. Dulcimer showed us one even- J ing-by Albert Durer, I think : grave dark faces - ci of saints and Madonnas. She is like a poem or a i picture made alive. And he is full of romance 'f and poetry. No wonder ho loves her. It is not : ?* for the sake of her fortune. He really does love .' her." And then came tho question which in Bella's !'! mind was unanswerable, " Why should she have ' ^ everything and I so little ?" Beatrix read on, absorbed in her book. The Í clock ticked, the grey wood ashes dropped upon f the hearth, just as they had done ;in the dining- ? room. Outside the deep casement windows the ' night winds were blowing, the ragged tree-tops ' swaying against a cold grey sky. Bella shivered as she sat by the fire. This was the deariest Sunday evening she had ever Bpent. ? Í Presently a shiillbell pealed loudly through tho: house, a startling sound amidst a silence which seemed to have lasted for ages-nay, to be a,nor- ,? mal condition of one's existence. Bella gavera . little jump, like a nervous horse, and sat up in hör - ', chair, alert and en g or. »-.,? j " Could it be Cyril Culverhouse ? No, of couraô, not." ' His image filled so large a place in her life that even the sudden ringing of a bell suggested his ; < approach till reason came to check the vagaries- -; offancy. .,,>.; The same thought darted into Beatrix's mindi ' / For a woman deeply in love, earth holds only one- ¿ man-her lover. Was it Cyril who came to; claim her, to trample down the barrier of paternal au thority, and to olaim her by the right of their mu,- . tuallove ? This idea being at the first flash of , reason utterly untenable, lasted no longer with.: Beatrix than it had done with Bella. ? .-. " It must bo Miss Scales," she said, going to the door. " And yet I should not have thought she w would travel on a Sunday. She is so very parti- ! cular about Sunday." . . . . Miss Scales belonged to a sect with whom God's - day of rest means a day of penance-a day upon which mankind holds itself in an apologetie atti-r ' tude towards its Maker, as if deprecating the Di- ' vine wrath for its audacity in having taken the > liberty to be born. v i i* -" The two girls want out into the corridor, and: .> from the corridor to the square open gallery in , the middle of the house, from which the broad, staircase descended. Here, leaning upon the oaken balustrade, they looked down into the hall. . . It was empty when they first looked, a vacant Í expanse of black and white marble. Then there ; ! came another peal of the bell, and the butler : walked slowly across to the door, and opened it ' just wide enough to reconnoitre the visitor. . ' ? v : Here thero was a brief parley, the drift of which the girls could not distinguish. They only heard a murmur of masculine voices. ?-.-??«.--,!. " It can't be MÍSB Scales," whispered Beatrix;' "They would have brought in her portmanteau , and bag before this." The parley ceased all at once, the butler threw > open the door, and a gentleman oame in out of tho: f windy night, bringing a blast of cold air with him.' . He took off his hat and Btood in the centre of the hall, looking about him, while the butler carried . his card to Mr. Harefield. The stranger was a man: ;. of about fifty, tall and spare of figure, but with a certain nobility of bearing, as of one accustomed to command. The finely shaped head was beauti fully set upon the shoulders ; the chest was broad and deep. As he looked upward, the two;girls: drew back into the shadow, still watching him. It was a beautiful head-a grand Italian face . full of tranquility and power like a portrait by; Moroni. The eyes were dark, the skin was a pale , olive, the hair " a sable silvered." A thrill went through Beatrix's heart as she looked at him. ;v Yes, she remembered ; she know. This waa Antonio, this was the Italian with tho pathetic voice who sat in the twilight singing church music . that summer evening long ago. (This was the man whose face memory associated with the face . of her dead mother. She had seen them looking at her togethor-in those days of early childhood whose faint memories are like a reminiscence of. some anterior state of bekig, a world known before . earth. / The butler came back. ¡: " My master will see you, sir " . .:.f:i 5$Tho stranger followed him out of the; hal,].,* Beatrix and Bella could hear the footsteps.travel"' , ing slowly along tho passage to the library.. . ITO BH CQHTJNU3ÎD.) : ?.V ? . - t'.}:>li\h 