"A Thousand-pound?.* By Onyx. (Written for the Queenslander) "That thousand pounds will make me or break me," exclaimed Jack Fielding, and so say- ing he drew a portentous sigh, the escape of which scented the air for some distance round with a strong flavor o£ tobacco. " Then you had better look forward to being broken," said his companion, after a pause which both spent in watching an opossum climb a gum tree, where, after, a few wriggles to get into position, it settled itself down, with nicely balanced tail, to watch the scene around. " You don't mean to say you think that sneak will take advantage of the good turn I did him to rob me of that fraction of his father's wealth!" cried Jack. " If I know anything of Robert Marsden, no good turn will stand between him and a sixpence that by any jugglery of the law he can call his own," was the reply. Jack turned uneasily on his back as though the tussa grass on which he lay had suddenly become more hard and prickly, and the opossum looked down reflectively, wondering at the fidgeti- ness of man. " Then it is all up with me! Annie must still stay at tho Hutchinses' to teach their un teachable little brats, and I must begin again," said Jack, and he gave another great sigh. Allan Graham made no answer; he knew the state of their affairs (for they were partners) well enough to be aware that there was no alternative. Their small station was already mortgaged to its fullest extent, and they had received notice of foreclosing; on that legacy from Jack's uncle, Mr. Marsden, depended their fate, and he had only too much reason io believe that young Marsden would take the advantage the law gave bim to withhold it. He remained silent for some time. He could give Jack no comfort, and so he wisely hold his peace. Nothing is more irritating to a man at such moments than useless words ; with women it is different ; the mere chatter of tongues is pleasant to their ears and seems to give them some strange kind of consolation ; it is apparently, as the cry of the babe to the young mother, "most sweet music." " By Heaven !" cried Jack, suddenly breaking the long silence, "if the scoundrel plays me that trick I will be even with bim, though I give my I life to that ona object :" and b» ^-"'j-^* ¿"~ü ¿ fist that might have felled an ox with such violence close to Allan's head that it put a sudden end to the vague speculations the latter was indulging in, and brought- bim back to the matter in band. ' AU m Graham was a good faithful friend, quiet and reserved, never overflowing with * either advico or sympathy, but a man on whom his friend could rely and never fear that ha would fail him. Jack Fielding knew all this full well) i and had as strong a regard for Allan as Allan had for him. The friendship had commenced at school when Jack had interposed his burly frame to save Allan from an unfair thrashing ; it continued till the time came when the fact that they were expected to make their own path in life stared them in the face, and Jack, feeling that he wob utterly incapable of settling down to office work, persuaded Allan that the wisest thing they|could do would be to emigrate. And so they came to Queensland to seek their fortunes, which, up to the period of which we write, hod steadily escaped them. " Make no rash determinations, Jock," said Allan in answer to his friend's strong declaration, at the Bama time looking suspiciously at the log to see what havoc his friend's fist might have effected. " Robert Marsden is clever and rich ; it would bo an uneven game between you." " I suppose by that you mean that I am neither clever nor rich ?" said Jaok, fixing his eye full on Allan in rather an oppressive manner. "By no means" exclaimed Allan quickly, anxious to avert the evil eye with which Jack was regarding him ; "I only mean that when a man has a plan to plan, and money to carry out his plaus, the man who tries to fight against him with as good a head but an empty purse has a bad chance." " I'll risk it at anyrate," said Jack sternly ; " the stako is too dear for mo to let the mau who makes me lose it get off soot free." Allan said no more. When Jaok was in that mood it was useless to oppose him ; all he could do was to keep close to him for tho next few days, during which the matter was to bo decided, and to use his influence with his friend to that friend's best advantage. Meanwhile Jack lay on his back with eyes in- tently fixed on the opossum, who still sat in tho gum-tree, a black dot against the starry heavens. Jack stared at him, but with unseeing eyes. If ho had observed how, at some signal in an un- known tongue, another opossum, the partner of his (the opossum's) bosom probably, had gone to bear him company, and how the two commenced uttering strange sounds and swinging th'eir long tails in an intensity of domestic,.Miss, it might havo started him on anew train, of'reflections which would have increased his ire against his foe. Jack gazed so long and lay so quiet that Allan thought he had gone to Bleep ; and, rejoicing that the poor fellow should have even a Bhort respite from his troubles, he moved gently away to their camping place, and there coiling himself, in .his blanket, and giving a good-night 'glance ""to their hosyes, which were hobbled and were grazing steadily close at band, was soon fast asleep. ' ' Not so Jack. His eyes were fixed dn the oposBums, but his thought« bad wandered far away. He was living through the scene again, when in the blazing sunshine, on a hot summer's day, he had ridden with loose rein and unobser- vant eye nearly on to adark object lying on the grass. His horse, giving a great swerve, had thrown bim to the ground, nearly on to the dark object which had caused the animal to shy, and which he then found to be a warm living crea- ture, but so<'jruBhed and maimed that it waa some minutes before he recognised his uncle, Mr. Marsden. Jack was cudgelling his brains,to find the why and wherefore of several of the circum- stances of his life. Why had so many things conspired together for the express purpose as it seemed of ruining him ? Why Bhould not some one else have found his uncle in that remoto spot ? 'It seemed so strange that he who was the only man whose signature to bia uncle's will could have hurt himself |in any way should be the very one on whom the task should have been thrown. Mr. Marsden, whom Jack had found lying on the ground, shattered and maimed, was a rich man, and it was the hope that he might exert some o his influence in his young relation's favor that had partly been the cause of Jack's selecting Queensland as his destination. The rich uncle, however, had behaved to his poor nephew as rich uncles very often do. To studied neglect he had lately added such decided rudeness that Jack vowed he would never go near him again. Mr. Marsden had an only son who was Jack's anti- thesis in every respect. Of course there was no love lost between the cousins, and the original indifference increased to positive hatred when, in consequence of an open rupture with his father, Robert Marsden learned that Jack had been made his father's heir. Jack had only learned this casually, and it bad mode no difference in his feelings towards his uncle. A very little while before the accident which caused his uncle's death, he had heard that a reconciliation had taken place between father and son, and that a new will had been made in Robert Marsden's favor. These things all flashed on Jack's mind in the single moment in which he discovered the iden- tity of the wounded man. To place the sufferer in as comfortable a place as he could find, and to pour water over his burning forehead and ghastly wound, waa the work of a few minutes. Then Jack rode off for help. It was getting near sun- set when the dying man was at last lifted into his own house. If it bad been the nearest and dearest friend he had ever hod he could not have received more tender care at Jack's hands. An exploded gun which was lying beside him had evidently been the cause of the wound that had completely smashed the jaw, so that though the agony of the unnaturally bright eyes showed that the Bufferer was fully conscious he was utterly unable to utter a word. When everything that Jack could think of to give ease to the patient had been done, the intense anguish of the eyes told Jack that there was still some urgent desire unfulfilled. Jack cudgelled his brains to guess what could be the unspoken thought. Suddenly a bright/idea flashed upon him, and with a stride ho dashed to where he saw pen and ink, and brought them to bia uncle. Never in all his life did Jack experience a happier moment than when by the sudden lighting up of the dying man's face ío saw that he had divined his wish. "Fetch my will," Jack managed to decipher, thongh the words were almost illegible. "Yes," Jack answered aloud. He looked round for Mrs. Marsden to tell him where her husband kept his papers, but the poor woman was in a swoon. There was no time to be lost, for Mr. Marsden was sinking visibly. " Which is your master's room ?" he asked one of the men who waB standing open-mouthed, with that semi-idiotic expression that seemB to be the privilege of all the dwellers in the West. The man only oponed his mouth wider, and made no reply. Jack pushed him aside with an impatient oath. The house, though it was the head-station, was very primitive, and it did not take long to find which room was used by the master as his study. Jack caught up a padlocked box and hurried back with his prize. Some keys wore lying ou a shelf, and the box was soon opened. Turning the papers over rapidly Jack came at last to the will ; he seized it, and opeuing it placed it before bis uncle. The gradually-stiffening fingers moved the front pago feebly, and, turning it over, Jack saw to his surprise that the document was un- signed. In a moment Jack understood it all. Possibly the father was not yet quite satisfied with Robert's reformation, and had held the un- signed will as a check upon him. If the will was not signed, Robert would be a beggar and Jack a rich man. ' Much as he hated his cousin the thought never for a moment occurred to Jack to prevent the signing of the will ; but yot it flashed on him that his uncle's strength would barely suffice. He placed the pen again in the trembling fingers, and with great effort Mr. Marsden signed it. Ab soon as ho had finished, Jack took the pen and wrote his own name as witness. " There must be another witness," he exclaimed, and he ¿ailed to the man who still stood staring in at the door ; but tho fellow sullenly shook his head. Jack looked round to see who else waB avail- able. Mrs. Marsdou was still uucoubcíous, and the old woman who acted as cook and house- keeper to the establishment was bo hopelessly deaf and stupid that it was no use to nßk her. A black boy was the only other person present ; the rest had been sent in different directions to get surgical assistance. " You must sign," said Jack imperiously ; and advancing to the man be clutched him by the shoulder and dragged him forward. " It's no good ; I cannot write, ' romuü"trs*'-~d the unwilling witness. " Make your mark, then," growled Jack, " and don't stand fooling there." Remembering the very firm pressure of Jack's hand which was only just removed, the man tame to the conclusion that to obey was the better policy. Ho Bulkily made "his mark," and1 Jack attested it. It was completed only just in time ; long beiore the iuk waa dry IU "1 he wrote his name Robert Marsden the elder had passed away. ' Jack Would have been more than mortal had he refrained from reading a will which so nearly concerned him, and which was left bo completely in his hands ; and it was with a great burst of satisfaction that ho saw his own name down for a legacy of a thousand pounds. It was not much, indeed, circumstanced as the elder Marsden had been in so nearly determining to make Jack his heir-it was very little. But Jaok was quite satisfied ; he already Baw the mortgage paid off, and Annio the happy mistress of Ina little cot- tage. His pride did not revolt at accepting the money ; for the good turn he had done to both father and son within thu last twelve hours entitled bim to some return at their hands. So, having seen his aunt taken in charge by Borne friendly neighbors, Jack came back from his 'adventurous journey in good spirits. In an- ticipation he saw his way clear before him. Such had been his anticipation, but such was by no means the reality. When Jack went to Brisbane a few weeks after he recounted the whole story to a friend of his, a barrister. "Andyou signed without knowing the con- tents ?" said his friend. | " Of courso I did. That was no moment for parleying, I can tell you." i " Of course not ; but in doing a good turn to your relation you havo done a very bad one for yourself. Jack looked up haughtily : "What would yon have had me do ? refuse to sign, and so defraud my cousin ?" , The lawyer knitted his brows. "It is a hard coso, no doubt. You acted like the honest man you are, Jack ; but unless your couBin is as honest you have made him a rich man and your- self a penniless one." i " Li all except tho thousand pounds ; I know that," "The gift of the thousand pounds is void," waa the reply. " Surely ynu know that a witness to a will forfeits all assignments under it" Jack started from the seat on which he had been lounging and stood bolt upright. " Do you mean to tell me that that legacy is void ?" he exclaimed. " Void in point of law, but no honorable man would hesitate for a moment to pay it Is Robert Marsden an honorable man ?" and the lawyer looked Jack straight in the face, for he know as well as Jack knew the character of tho man at whose mercy poor Jack'B legacy lay. ' A long correspondence ensued between the cousins, in which Marsden clearly evaded giving a decided-announcement of.hisiintentions. It was in order to come to an understanding with bim that Jack and Allan were on their way down to Brisbane, where they had beard Robert then was, and it was on these strange circum- stances that had so curiously affected his fortune that Jock waa cogitating as he watched the opossums- ' , The night passed wearily enough, for Jack. In vain he sought consolation from his beloved pipe-that usually trusty friend proved faithless : it neither soothed nor pleased. The scenes that he had been recalling had worked on his imagina- tion. He felt again the sickening horror that he had experienced when he fell on his uncle's body lying on the ground ; he recalled the hate- ful visage of Robert Marsden, and all the stories of perfidy and cruelty that had made his name a by-word with his quondam companions. He pictured the ruin that must ensue if the money to take up j the mortgage was not forthcoming. They had gone through two bad seasons, and had staved off their difficuties, hoping against hope, toiling early and late ; and if it had not been for the thought of Annie he would have persuaded Allan to have flung up the sponge long ago. At last it occurred to Jack that if he pondered much more in this fashion he would lose the little wit be had, and that nothing would please Robert Marsden better ; so, giving a mighty yawn as if to brush away the cobwebs from his brain, he got up and went towards the place where Allan lay. Allan was sound asleep, and Jack stood un- certain whether to try to imitate the good example or to go after the horses, who were wandering a little farther than he thought advisable. He decided to go after the horses, for though the stars were still shining there was a light in the east that told of the break of day. They wanted to make an early atart to avoid travelling during the great heat Jack was noticing the strange appearance of the gum trees, which had just Bhed their bark, and stood out white and weird, like majestic ghosts, when tho cry of the laughing-jackasses broke on the silence. The merry fellows must have kept up a fire of jokes and quick repartees for the next ten minutes, judging from their shrill shriekB of laughter. Then there waa a pause, and the next Bound that Jack heard was the distant crowing of a cock, that told him they were getting within reach of settlers and that their journeying was nearly at an end. The sun was above the horizon when Jack came back with the horses, and he found Allan just waking. "Time to be moving, I suppose?" he said, as Jack came near. " Yes, I'll put the billy on, we will have some tea before we start" Breakfast was no long affair, and they were soon in their saddles. It was a long hot journey, and they were thankful when they came in sight of the town ; bo no doubt were the poor brutes who bore them, who had no especial business to get to, as compensation for the unusually long day's journey. The stains of travel removed and a good supper hastily disposed of, Jack started off to see Annie, who had no idea he was in town. The house in which the Hutcbinses lived on Breakfast Creek road was surrounded on all sides by broad verandahs, Jack as lie gazed carelessly into the well-lighted room, the windows of which were all open, did not expect to see Annie there ; for Mrs. Hutchins by no meanB approved of her governess taking a share in the amusements of the family. It was with considerable surprise, therefore, that he saw her standing by a table listening attentively to the remarks of a gentle- man who Btood with his back slightly turned towards him. As Jack looked, the expression of joyful antici- pation which had made his face quite beaming faded, and a savage scowl took its place. In Spite of the averted face, he recognised Robert Marsden. What was that man doing by Annie's side ? Was he to be for ever in his path ? Jack entered the room abruptly, and his entrance created a slight confusion. Mr. Hut- chins received him coolly. Marsden stared at him with a scowl olmoat as savage as his own. The smile of welcome with which Ahme had turned to greet him died nway as silo behold the expression on the countenances of the two youug men. " I am afraid I interrupted you V Bald Jack sternly, approaching the pair. Marsden made no reply beyond a haughty stare, and gathering his coat-tails over his arm lounged out on to the-verandah. Annie said nothing, but looked pitifully into Jack's faco. At any other time that look would havo melted him at once ; if he had found any other man Btand{ng beside her he would not have cared a fig ; he had full confidence in his betrothed, but tho unexpected sight of Marsden, on apparently familiar terms with her, quita overset the little equanimity which the affairs of the last fow weeks had left him, and he sat glowering at Annie more like a wild animal preparing to make a spring than Uko a lover returned after a long absence.! , He sat; f°r about lmlf-au-hour, during which time he scarcely oponed his lips. Marsden re- mained out on the verandah, and the few other guosta raised their eyebrows i in wondermont at the strange young man who conducted himself as though he had nevor been in civilised society before, and then took no further notice of him. Jhck troubled little what anybody thought about him even at the beBt of times, and now he was actually unconscious that there was anyone present save Au nie, Marsden, aud himself. If Marsden flattered himself that by keeping out on the verandah ho would escape Jack, he was very much mistaken. After an absent good- night to Annie and an incoherent muttering that he would Bee har the next morning, Jack went straight to his cousin. ' '' I want a few words with you, Marsden ; can you come now ? My stay in town is short," he said. Marsden slightly turned his head in a super- cilious manner, and, with an assumption of ease which he was very far from feeling, said : "Not to-night I havo not time." , Jack scowled at him again from under his thick eyebrows, and without another syllable turned on his heel and weüt STTsy.i "By heaven, he shall not escape me to-night," im ümttcrcd between nÎB teetk i18 ho wallcea down the path ; "one way or another he sholl answer." Once, outside the gate he baited. All was silont. Marsden was evidently going to remain longer to avoid him. Up and down the road ho passed, crushing the gravel beneath his heavy heel as if, in imagination, he had got Marsden's hoad beneath his foot Half-an-hour passed ; an hour ; the time seemed interminable, but he would not abandon his purpose. Marsden should auswer him that night, or he would know the reason why. Lawyers and women might quibble, for it was their naturo to, but for him it should bo plain "yeB" or "no." Another dreary turn, and then he saw a figure approaching. Yes I it was Marsden at last Marsden, who had not well calculated tho amount of his enemy's patience. ¡He hesitated a moment as he Buddenly perceived Jaok,' who had stopped in his walk and stood half hidden within the shadow of the bushes. "Ha 1 is that you, Fielding ?" he said, feiguing great indifference. In truth he was greatly taken aback by the rencontre, for he was in bodily fear of his burly cousin, of whoso prowess he had seen plenty of proofs, and Jack's bcowI that even- ing had been ominous. "Yes, it is I," answered Jack. "As you were bo pressed for time I thought the beat plan would be to walk home with you ; that would accommo- date you and me too." Not having a reply ready, Marsden remained silent, and Jack stalked beside him, neither utter- ing a word for soma minutes. ' They wore now fairly on the broad moonlit road, and Jack could control himself no longer. ' "Now, Marsden," he said, stopping suddenly in their rapid walk, "give mean answer about this business. Don't beat about the bush ; say your say plainly, and let me know bow I stand. Do you, or do you not, mean to pay over the legacy left me by your father ?" "I havo said before," replied Marsden, "and I say again, that I leave all my business to my lawyer. Go to him." " No, by G-, I will not go to him-this is morely a Bubterfugs on your part,, With no one but you does it rent to Bay whether justlco shall bo done me or not." , "Whoever deals with me will get justice," said Marsden doggedly-" strict justice. I say again go to the lawyer ; what tho law ordains I abide by." Jack made one bound forward,,thereby com- pletely putting himself in front of Marsden. " I understand you," be Bald ; <* I understand : you abide by the quibble of the law rtp wrench from me the small sum your father left mo, and which my conscience telle'me I have'well earned. Thief I do you know how-" Jack stopped abruptly, ashamed tbafto such a man as that he hod nearly condescended to detail his services. No, rather let him take his ill gotten gains and hug himself'over the extra guineas he had secured. He then fell back, and Marsden, much inwardly relieved, walked on. He tried to hurry and leave Jack behind, but that 'was by no means Jack's intention/ He knew the worst now, and his vow to be revenged rose vividly before him. Should he fell the scoundrel where he stood ? There was a momen- tary struggle of which Marsden was happily un- conscious ; then his better self prevailed, but ?till he would not let the fellow get off scot free. He must ram down the cur's throat some of the storm of indignation which was choking in his own. Poor Jack I ho had little idea of the pro- ject which the said cur was even' then revolving in his mind, now tbat he fancied Fielding was growing calm. Believing by the ' silence and Blackened pace that the storm was over, the latter resolved to make a proposition that had been in his thoughts ever Bince he bad learned the rela- tion in which Jack stood to Annie Farquharson. If ha could only get Jack to forego his claim there ; if he would withdraw and leave the field clear for him-if he could get Annie for his wife -Jack was welcome to the thousand pounds, ay, oad to another thousand added to that. His own nature was too base to make him see the enor- mity of his proposal. He knew quite well he would have no chance if Jack still chose to keep his prize ; but, knowing as he did the difficulties of Jack's position, he thought he might perhaps make money conquer love. ' They were drawing near to the town now, still walking side by Bide in sullen silence, Marsden revolving his project in his mind, but not know- ing bow to put it into words. " Are you in want of money at this moment, Fielding ?" he said in rather a less supercilious tone than he had thought proper to adopt hitherto. Jack glared. " My affairs cannot concern you in any way, I presume," was all the answer he vouchsafed. Another silent march, and then Marsden re- turned to the charge. " I know there is no love lost between us, Fielding, so as you say I won't beat about the bush, but go straight to the point in what I have to say. I mean to stick to the law, that is plain. What the. law gives me, I mean to keep. If I give away money it is only in return for what it brings ; I don't pretend to any high-flown sentiments-humbug of that kind is out of my line." The look with which Jack regarded him as ho made the last declaration was something pre- ternatural in its intensity of disgust and rage combined. However, he said nothing and Marsden went on: "You can have a thousand pounds and another added to that if you choose." Jack looked at him, but remained Bilent. Marsden began again-hesitated-it was awk- ward even to his obtuse nature to ask a man to sell his pretensions to a wife. ''If you-if Miss Farquharson," he Btammered. The name was only half out of .his ups when Jack sprang at his throat Marsden tottered under the hand that gripped him like a vice, and though tall and well made he quivered in Jaok's powerful grasp, " How dare you, you infernal Bcoundrel ?" Jack hissed in his ears as well as his towering rage would let him articulate, and he Bwayed Marsden bo heavily forward that he came upon his knees, and Jack went down with him. The two men weio commencing a deadly struggle when some one interposed. "For mercy's Bake, think of what you are doing, Jack," the now arrival cried, as he too nearly fell to the ground exhausted with his efforts to Blacken Jack's graup of bia victim. It was Allan, who, alarmed at his friend's con- tinued absence, had come in search of him. Jack yielded at leugth to his entreaties, and slowly the two mon tobo from tho ground, covered with the white dust of the road and with faces as whito as thoir clothes-Mnrsden'B with fear,and Jack's with paaaion. Luckily they were still too far out of the town for there to be much chance of passers by at that late hour, and tho police of Brisbane are by no means ubiquitous. Allan prudently placed himself botweon the pair without saying a word, and in utter silence they proceeded. Soon after they were fairly in tho town Mars- den slunk up a side streot. Jack followed him with his eyes, but said nothing ; neither did Allan ; at that moment all ho cared for was to get Jack homo. Though Jack had preserved utter silence since tho termination of the struggle, his gleaming oyes and clenched haudB told of the Btorm of anger within. Never was Allan moro thankful to got tb the end of a walk than ho was now, when ho Baw their hotel in the distance. Ho kuow that Jaok whou fairly rouBed was capable of acliouB from which in his calmer moments bia whole soul would revolt. [to he continued ] 