CRICKET. CRICKET CHATTER. BY FELIX. Having already dealt with the Melbourne club and grounds, let us now take a stroll over to East Melbourne and see how our friends the Jolimonters are getting on. I regret to say in starting that the ground and its surroundings do not present a very satisfactory appearance just now, and the reason why this is so may be gathered from the following explanation. A portion of the ground on the northern side, abutting on Wellington-parade, belongs to the City Corporation, and some time ago the members of the club received notice that they would have to relinquish possession in August this year and go back to the true Government allotment, inasmuch as the corporation wished to continue the road on the northern side of Jolimont towards Melbourne, and this piece of land held by the club would be required for that purpose. As the loss of the slice of land referred to would considerably decrease the size of the ground, and as, moreover, the pavilion and stand stood on this slice, it is not surprising to learn that the members made an effort to retain it. But though they were supported by the press, and by a petition from the residents of Jolimont, it was all of no use. The city fathers were indexible, and would not swerve from their intention, and so it has come to pass that the Jolimonters have had to pack up and move their chattels further south, without receiving a solitary sixpence in the shape of compensation. By reason of this curtailment, the members of the club have not only had to ask for and obtain permission of the Government to use a piece of land on the southern side towards the railway, but have also been under the necessity of entirely remodelling the ground, and, as this work, as well as the work of removal of pavilion, &c.;, is now being proceeded with, it is hardly necessary to say that things are not exactly in apple-pie order. To afford my readers some idea of how the ground will look when the works now in progress shall have been completed, I may say that the playing ground will form an oval as nearly as possible 200 yards long by about 150 broad. Round the seats, which will accommodate, say 1,000 persons, the measurement will be 536 yards, and between the seats and the outer fence there will be for the use of the public a space of 33ft, 21 of which will be taken up by a sloping embankment, which will give comfortable standing-room to an assemblage much larger than any to be seen at either our best football or cricket matches. The pavilion will stand some yards in front of its old site, and it will be raised so high that a capital skittle-alley and bar will be placed beneath, and thus space will be economised, and the penthouses which disfigured the pavilion will be done away with. The stand will also be raised, and will have a well- grassed lawn in front of it for promenading, so that occupants of the stand will have no cause of complaint in this respect, as they justly had in connexion with the old stand. The members' and ladies' reserves will be fully double their former size, and each will be neatly laid out with shrubs and flowering plants, and rendered as attractive and pleasing as may be. All these matters were duly sanctioned by the members at the annual general meeting, which, it may be added, passed off in the quiet way characteristic of the club. The improvements will cost about £500, and the fact that the contract for effecting them is in the hands of Mr. S. Willis, of Prahran, is sufficient guarantee that the work will be thoroughly well done. It is very hard lines on the club that it should be compelled to bear this heavy and entirely unforeseen outlay through no fault of its members; but the latter, I dare say, obtain some consolation in the knowledge that the club is in a much healthier state financially than it has been for some time, and so is better able to meet an additional expenditure, and they may rest satisfied that the oval, when finished, will be a splendid one, and will not suffer by contrast with any cricket-ground in the colony. Owing to the circumstances set forth above, old "Mac" has been very late in commencing topdressing, but, notwitstanding [sic] this and the fact that the ground received very rough usage from the footballers during the winter, he hopes, by constant attention to his work and with the aid of the recent welcome rains, to have the centre in good trim for the opening match of the season. The fielding ground, however, is in rather a bad condition, and will probably remain so for this season at any rate. Among the new committee I notice the resuscitation of old blood in the person of L. Goldsmith, and I also notice that T. Groube has come out at the head of the first eleven with the enormous average of 155, the largest by far ever gained for the club. The M.C.C. had, as usual, a very successful meeting. One matter in connexion with it will, I fancy, have been learnt with much satisfaction by the majority of cricketers. I allude to the granting of a gratuity of £40 to Rowley Newbury in recognition of his long services with the club. It will be remembered that when Rowley's services were dispensed with some months ago, several members, prominent among whom were Messrs. D. Wilkie and Hammersley, made an effort to get a douceur for him from the club, but that in consequence of the action taken at a special meeting held at Scott's Hotel their effort proved unsuccessful. Nothing daunted, however, by the opposition shown on that occasion, Messrs. Wilkie and Hammersley brought the subject forward again at the annual general meeting, and had the gratification of having their motion carried by substantial majority. Rowley served the club for 20 years or more, and though towards the close of his connexion with the club there may have been /laches/ on his part which caused the committee to discharge him, it is clear that he was a faithful and efficient servant for nearly the whole of that long period and in view of this, and the fact that his term of service embraced the best years of his life, it certainly seem hard that he should have been turned adrift to commence a new career. The M.C.C., though somewhat heavily handicapped by an overdraft, will not feel the loss of £40 in addition to the £10 already given to Rowley, and the members will have the pleasure of knowing that the money has gone to an old servant in his declining years, and that it will be a material help to him in the struggle to win his daily bread. Many memorable and brilliant achievements are, undoubtedly, set forth in the history of cricket. But I venture to say that the performance of the Australian Eleven in the match just concluded with the picked team of England, equals, if indeed it does not surpass, anything we have ever heard or read of in connexion with the game. Weakened by the absence of their best man, Spofforth, the backbone of the team, and with Blackham, the prince of wicketkeepers, and A. Bannerman only recovering from severe injuries received, our men went into the field at Kennington Oval pitted against the best team that England could send forth—a team tremendously strong in all departments of the game. The Englishman were favoured by glorious weather, and had the good fortune to go in on a wicket that might fairly be called a batsman's paradise, for in all England you cannot find more perfect batting wickets than those to be had at Kennington Oval. In addition to this, the Australian bowling was not up to its usual standard. Boyle and Palmer were rendered stale by the extra work which had devolved upon them since Spofforth's mishap at Scarborough, and as for Alexander, A. Bannerman, Moule, Groube, and Percy M'Donnell, we all know how very easy it is on any decent pitch to play bowlers of their class. Thus, if the Englishmen had everything arranged at their own express order, they could not have been better suited, and hence I, for one, am not in the least astonished that they should have made the large score of 420. With our representatives, however, the case was vastly different, for their luck was dead out from the start. They had to bat on a wicket already worn by their opponents, and soaked and soddened by the heavy rain which fell during the night. Moreover, they had to face such heavy metal as Alfred Shaw, A G. Steele, Morley, and W. G. Grace, a quartette of bowlers not surpassed in the world. On a dead wicket Shaw, Steele, and Morley are considered almost unplayable, and, therefore, in making 150 under such very unfavourable circumstances, our men may be said to have done extremely well. With the disheartening task of 270 to wipe out to save defeat by one innings, they followed on, and when the sun shone out and dried the ground a bit, the display of batting was splendid—170 being registered at the close of the day for six wickets, and next day, chiefly through the magnificent innings of Murdoch for 153 not out, a total of 327 was realised. The Englishmen, in their effort to make the 58 runs required to win, lost five wickets, and if we contrast this exhibition on a bad wicket with their splendid total of the first innings on a run-getting wicket, we are furnished with a very good notion of the immense disadvantage under which the Australians laboured all through. I can well imagine how pleased the great W. G. Grace and his comrades were to have Spofforth out of the way. I feel persuaded if Spofforth had been against him that the champion would not have made his large score of 152 for I know that he has never shaped with confidence when playing the bowling of the renowned New South Welshman. Against Spofforth with the first Australian Eleven, W. G. made 56 runs in six innings, and, now, when the "demon" is absent, he makes 152 in brilliant style in a single innings. Considering the decidedly uphill game our men had to play throughout, the result reflects a very great amount of credit on them, and has been regarded here almost in the light of an actual victory. If the position had been reversed—that is, if the Australians bad gone in first in the fine weather, on the good wicket—there is every reason to believe they would have won the match, notwithstanding Spofforth's absence. And despite the heavy handicap our men had in the shape of the bad wicket, I am inclined to think, if Spofforth had played, that the Englishmen would have come off second best. Murdoch's brilliant innings of 153 not out cannot be too highly spoken of, and deserves to be counted a much better performance than that of W. G. Grace, for the latter had a splendid wicket on which to play comparatively weak bowling, whereas Murdoch went in first and carried his bat on a dead wicket, and opposed to the cream of the bowling strength of all England. Moule and Alexander deserve great praise, too, for the capital stand they made with Murdoch. They came off just at the right time to avert a one-innings defeat, and their performance clearly denotes the absence of any "tail" to the team. We have strong reason to be proud of our representatives. In this contest they showed that they possess in no ordinary degree that spirit of pluck and determination, combined with skill and energy, which are essential to the proper development and success of any nation, and the outcome affords another instance, if one be wanted, of the immense strides of progress which have been made in the game of cricket in these parts. Less than 20 years ago twenty-two of Australia would not have stood the ghost of a chance against an average All England Eleven, and, speaking of this, I am reminded of a story I heard from an old cricketer in Melbourne. Not long before the arrival of the first All England eleven, the late Mr. R. Driver said, in conversation with my informant, that in New Sooth Wales there were eleven natives who could hold their own with any team in England. Shortly afterwards the Englishmen arrived, and brushed our twenty- twos away as if they were so many flies, and Mr. Driver, on being asked what he thought of their success, replied that he was wrong in what he had said at first, and that Australians knew really nothing about cricket. Before his decease, however, his natives, as represented in the first Australian Eleven, had proved that they had attained a degree of excellence not excelled in the old country, and now the second Australian Eleven have in many matches, but particularly in that under notice, still further and more clearly shown the old folks at home that Australian cricket is quite on a par with the best that the old country can produce. That our men deserve well of their country no one will gainsay, and I can only express the hope that on their return to our shores they will be accorded a reception commensurate with their deserts. 