~~lqanldm &L; a c tanud l, d PUB-LInII D EVEI 'En w llA}. " IE IXCEL blit.' FRIDAY, 1Grtu JANUARY. TIHE political war trumpet has been sounded, and at its call both sides have sent out their best men to do battle and wage a wordy warfare on their behalf. Some of the speeches have been good, some indifferent, and others merely an amount of frothy bombast and abuse of opponents. We read that Mr Bent the other evening went as far as to state that John Woods was a political rogue, and that his piece of " continuous ma chinery" was nothing more or less than a roguish job perpertratcd at a great cost to the country, but no doubt at a very considerable profit to himself; which view, we venture to assert, is agreed in by a very large majority of the electors, who, should the Ministerial in:cntions be carried out, must very shortly be called upon to select their representa tives in the next Parliament. The Liberals, as usual, are hard at work preparing for the contest, and if the opposite side do not with more energy than they have yet displayed put forth their strength also, they will have bitter cause to regret their apathy; but if on the other hand they step forward in tihe right cause, use, as their opponents are doing, every means in their power to ensure success, we cannot see how failure can attend their efforts. 'Phe reaction has set in, and advantage must b, taken of the position; no time must In lost, and we really hope soon to see a grand change for the better, when Victoria tnay yet become the happy home of the work ing man, Mr Berry's empty boast not withstanding. Candidates are coming forward in such numbers that the supply will far exceed the demand, and in the list of.those seeking seats and £300 per anlumn no doubt the class of politira' loafers will be largely represented. The electors must therefore be very careful to 'weigh well the merits and demeirits of the men who will seek their support, and pay no attention to those who will pro mise anything and everything. Enough of this sort have been tried, and found wanting. Every seat must be fought for, and every means adopted to send the right men to the front at the forthcoming general election, and thus put a stop to the past and present most unsatisfactory state of affairs. We warn the Consti.. t ittiil party. to rentsino no loueger asheIl, tlheir work-is befoi~theni, aitid they iust o he" united, Grin, auud air cu Ftenltr d ut!n ctbove all ~liust,i ot?ieglect o'lpoll te 't" 'votes whenlc th 'iroper_ time comes, and th induce il!1 them? , fellowtreleotacs' holding i. their opinions to.dothe .sameo,concerted nctipl9 is need; to ,do this; 'as, wthou'it. p6i the plrtu is no. niore ! formilbll.tiban oa lohb withoutl oficers or discipline. Woe m throw- out thllis note of warning in order cI that prompt action may be taken; suc cess must follo~l if it is'aqtei uIpon, if N -iot, dire: l misfortsun and failure 'must I result,-which would mean a continuance w of jobbery, bribery, and corruption, and G a sure and certain downward course to this colony, which under such lamentable th circumstances would soon resign its fe premier position. Capital has been a leaving us, new taxation imposed,and id trade 'and commerce in every branch retrograding, calling aloud for a speedy change for the better, which at the next 11 election we trust will take place, tlhus ti reversing the present umsatisfactory state A of things in general. I The adjourned meeting, of the Fire lhri gade wias held on `Monday'last; there wdre eight members preseit: "The balance-sheet of the late fuito was presented by, the hon. sec., and after paying all expenses a credit balance of £1 .Ls remainus.,;mAn account of John VWatt's, for repairing a sat of quoits, was ordered to standi over, as the charge was considered an imposition, being nearly the price of the articles. Mt Long was proposed for ballot-as a member, at the next nimeting, whichi will be held on Mon day, the 19th inst., when' it is requested that those members who have been absent of late will attend.., Drill instruction also is. not. so wwell :patronized as it should bel and the, acting-captain orders'n a general muster for Friday next, the 23rd, at 8 p.m. An accident happened on Friday last to t Mr Finlay, a well-known and' respected resident of Thornton', by which he sus- r tained a fracture of the leg.. The patient was brought into the hospital at midnight. on the day named, and undler proper'treat ment is going on as well as can,.be under the circumstances. - t. We are requested to *direct :attention to the meetings to be held o.n Saturlay, the 24th inst,, at the Shire HIll:.' First, the committee of-the Farnner's Union are called together at noon for the purpose of fromn. ing rules, appointment of- officers &e;, and at 2 p.n. thee pecial committeo of the Agriculturnal Soiety,will muptetoJacix, the prize list fdr thd -M~t i shlow and other business. The discussion evolved by Cr Wihiting's motion attthe council meetinig on Tuesday, to vbte £100 annually to our hospital, was very lengthly, and created, considerable interest,. -several impulsive ratepayers insisting upon expressing 'their views on thie mattr.i: Cr Wliting, in his introductory I remarks, commented upon the utility of supporting such an Institution, and the disgrace which won)d attach to the district in permitting it to be finally closed. He commented upon the diflliculty in obtalining individual subscriptions, and quoted from i a list of those who had subscribed during 8 the past 12 months, only 34 persons in all, as showing how difictult it is to get general contribution. Cr Whiting also commented upon the absence fronm the list of several names, including some of the councillors t themselves, who nhad given nothing, and lie therefore deemied his proposal tlhe only straight way of getting at all alike through the rates. Th1e sun asked for woull amount to bulit no shilling iand eightploeo b to each ratepayer on the roll, and lie s desired that this should be noted. as manny e persons were impressed with an idea that the proportion was very mulch larger. Eventually tihe olltion, as well a t( an amendment moved by Mr Lade, ) was withdrawn on the underslanding e that a plebiscite Ie tlhken as to the y feelings of the ratopayers generally on the nsbject. r Various solutions were nIggeste'd lt the council meeting on Tuesday as to the most It effectual mode of obtaining the views of t rapayers generally thrtthyr gnll 0le )lotOstion of e .£100 being givelln c.nnually to the 0hospital o from thile Shiro funds. The holilng of e public mleetings in vlariao1. plnecs, of fornwarding postall ear)15 to each voler, 0 with thle words " ) Yes" (1nd " N'o" printed Stllereonl, were ellc prIoposetLI ill turII l)but t, it devolved, on our i0ng,1itllu)s rate COlleCCth d to lprop))se a schemlle whiel,, bIy its aiml y plicicity an)ullatailnig lthe desired olrjecet at tbt little expense to thile Shire, alit lonelo -conulendedl it-self to t1he unanimous30 lllppro'val of thle council.. Mr Alston's p1.111 g is to pro)vilde IliIselC wiIth aI s?ullicient y supplsy of ballot lrip1rs, and) to take aI poll ica elchl of tile districts which le is now visiting ill )ce0essin) for thile collection of thle rates.. The work is offered to )e Sdone grailtuitiously, mId Ihe only coat 40 therefore will consist iu thle printing of a to few hundred ballot papers and tihe lnotifica f tion of tile dates at which the poll will he taken at each place, Tie cottage forming thie first prize in ~ the Now Year's day TTemlperance Gala h raffle was won by Georgo Radford and d Samuel Goulding, of Lyndhlrat street, itl Richmond, who had invested sixpence eachll in purohnsing thli'ticket No 87,965; As tlhe winnrlers cinlot divide tile cottage, Sit is advertisied to be sold by auction. to Thie Sydney Governn1n, haveo decided T to glyo theo widow of tlhe late Constable i. Bowen a lifo pension of £'100 per annumsiu by the provii»iins of the 33rl seetioun of thu Licensing ActL, 87ti, it becomes a necessary, during tlen present month" for tlut local Justi?es in oich couintry district t to.5 LP4U ii1 leitt fron thelir owif naunlibr I the gentljomern who are to sit and at 'with a ,tho ie lonsin~Itipendlnryci, nagitnistrate 'for .thelUreisOt.y :yvar. ...This_ -as an .portant -S mutter,` 'n;l shoulli bie ttended to at t -6neo, as after tle 81at inst., any omission A can =only= lie :roctificd h1 tlhe -appoint ment ; belng, itadeu by the Governor-in coulicil. -An unfortunato occurrence tookl place aitt Stawell in connection vwith the fWtol hcld on Now. YBur'dr day. `Aman:ninned Murphy, Ivwho acted as starter in the foot racing, was cliallenged by itl ?atn of tine nmie :of Gough; to fight; the challenge wasn accepted, and, in the very flint round Murphy struck Gough near the regionlif the heart, when the latter immediately r fell down dead. Both were decmed quiet a and respectable men, and Murphy especially has the character of being a most in offensive ltnin. lie has 1been arrested, and committed for nuansdaughter. We are requested to notify that MIr W. II, Curteis has been appointed collector for tie Uppel' Goulburn Valley Pastoral and Agricu:tural Association, tolwhom sub scriptions should be paid. Last Friday a most heartless case of j aednetion canie under the attention of the Melbourne Dench of magistrates, the prose cutrix being a pretty and rather refined looking girl, of about eighteen years of age, who appeared againat an apparently well-to-do selector of middle age,.ninedsI David Bowniati. The girl, who carried a child in her arns,' of which shle accused the prisoner of being the putativd father, stated that under the promise of marriage he had ruined her. Some time since, it appeared 'in evidence, she 'oblinied an order against Bowman in the District Court for 10s per week, for the muaitn tenanco of the infant. Shortly after the decision :had been g iven, Bowman left Melbourne, and nothing was heard of him till an obituary notice appeared in a Mel bonrne morning paper, 'announcing that Bowman lied been drowned while crossing the Billabong Creek. Tihe girl ascertained on calling at the office of the newspaper referred to, and on Ieing shown the mianu script, copy sent in, that Bowman halu written the paragrgraph himself, his inten tion doubtless being to rid himself of the obligation of paying for the maintenance of his offspring. llis victim, assisted by the police, eventually ascertained his whereabouts, and last week lie was aplpre handed at Violet Town. ThIroug.h his attorney, iMr Turner, when brought before the City; Court on Friday, the accused offered either to marry tihe girl or to pay up theloritirrs, amounting to £17 10s, and to comply with the order of the otller court as to allowance. Tihe prosecutrix declined the offer of imarriage, and clected to take the arrears due. A case of libel was heird at the CUlae police court last week, the piersons sned being proprietors of tle Cllac HlIrald and the complainant, editor of the opposition journal in the same town. The alleged libel was contained in a letter published in the Herald, indulging in those pleasantries which invariably puas between rival country newspapers. The feature of tihe trial, however, wits the statement of 1Mr M'Kean, who ap,,eared for the defendants, that tihe Attorney-General would not allow proceedings to go onil, even if his clients were conmmitted for trial, as the iupaper was published in the interests of tihe I great liberal party. As the defendants were bothl commnitted, we shall before long know whether this fact, uplon which their Scnounsel laid such stress, will avail themC in the matter. Mir M'Kean, has however Stlhrough tile press, sincc denied having Sinmade use of tihe expressions referred to. S At thie lPolico Cotrt on Wednesday last, e before Messrs .7. P. Bainbridge and George Y Whiting J.I.P., Joseph PayIne, a carrier, a sued Angus McGregor, i youth in his in employ, for uniscontlduct as i servanllt, It cliting £.3 l5s Gd as dlltalages for loss sustainedi thlereby. The evidence showed g that McGregor was dlispatched to Tallrook Sw ith i waggon and 4 horses ont Stllndlay', Sthie 3rd instant, witlh loading anit was directed to return to Alexiandra ilnitedliately upon discharging the goods, as Payne re C quired the use of tleo liorses for Iarvcst it purposes. McGregor arrived in Tallhrook Son Tuneslay iniorintg lit ull -laist cgli igt, i bult insteiad of nlit olce returiling, waitedl I there until VWedlnesday eveninig, whcin ieii ettirted back, with two tnis of lms.htding. In I consequitee llof the dIeIlay, tine Ioirse rfecll le cllrrictl winas all IciisuIt-nilCid nlid Iec htnli to p ri hai ' ei Is in l llO if lilSI 'it, 15. s, Sto feend Ile tinio ses otillhn e wily ip. The daniag'et s clhitned inehildd 21i Io'r a pirtel siqiptoscid to hiovc mccii lint oll thii rmiid, t hut whilh, it wias timi-iuiitl-y ntse'rtniiied '0lind Ietn left at Tihlnrook tni sitince Sreacliedn its dntctlltitin sinfely. Tine idefence Siput foravird wnls thl, illtliune tf tile Ihorstes had Iito Ie hittd, and a portion of tie wnllgglln I to lie repairedt which was tile ollly cntuse of Stleliy. Thiie Innih inllictedl a line on the d iefendant of £1 17s with 14s costi, in default distress, and hi d,'ault if udisiress 7 dIIays iniprisotI)tiincnt. ihine little exciteuncent wavs cInniied in tihe '- ttwnsliip yestc.ertiy by 11 stalteltlllllt lllltie t hliv eant fiii t 1'y' who ar' alhwe, to w\onrlllrl ilioult tie streets it late hotirs of in tie night thIat a veritable ghost had been is seen ill thie viciuity of thie Centetri on il 'the previous niglit. As their narrative at, ppeared very circumnstantial, we caused o enquliries to be made and are Ihappy in 5 beinig able to state that thie horrible , snarnlise only nros!e from thie fact of a gentlceman hIaving, whilst suttering from d thie great hieat of thie night, miistaken tihe tio gates of thie burial gionud for thIe entranoe n0 his own yard, 'lih Alexandra Debating Club having adjourned its meetings until the Autumnn, withl the view of re-organization at that time; have very landsomely voted the ibalace in han:l, £2 2s, 'for the benefit of our local hospital.' , 'esalea~,an Servicesiwvill be conducted on -Sunday as follovws-"Golbtuf it 11 ii.; i.I Yarek at 1.80 p.m., Yea Road. 3.30 p.m., and Alexandra at 7.30 p.l_ A match, will bo- played to-morroiv, (Saturdliij)' betdeeli hI' Alexandra and Aloxntndra Staidlard Crickel ci'Club widketts to be pitched athhlaf past one.: Players are requested to be on the ground punctually to that time. The annual meeting of the congregation of St John's Church, Alexandra, faor the purpose of electing guardians for the ensuing .year was, held on 'Wednesday evening last, the attendance being, we regret to say, very limited. The only alterations nlmdo in the personnel of the Board consisted of the substitution of the lames of Messrs G. Walker, II. W. Alston and G. Whiting for those of Messrs E. T. Gale, i. W. Wightliman, and W. G. Marshall. Tihe treasurers financial state shewed a debit balance of about £15, against which, however, there are several amounts duo expected to come in shortly which would more than cover that sum. A vote ofqthanks wris ac:lrdcd the choir for its services during the past year. Leases are at the Receiver and Pay masters office, Alexandra, for the under mentioned persons, viz :-For Execution. T. Burchell, Michael Hogan, T. IIutclin son, W. Hemmings, K. Kelly, J. J. II. M'Coll, H. Petty, N. Ridd. For Deliveiy. T. Beever, F. Burge, T. Connelly, W. Dodd, T. Grant, J. Hobamn, W. Hodson; W. Kipping, C. E. P. Mayger, J. J. H. lM'Coll, W. Robb, D. Stewart, James Ware. Also Crown Grants for Jolii Hall and C. W. Ridd. The Honorary Treasurer of the hospital begs to acknowledge with thanks, the receipt of the undermentioned subscrip tions :-Union Bank, £3 3s; Alexandra Debating Club, per H. S. Long, Secretary, £2 2s; DrFergusson, £2 2s; John Hardy, £1 Is ; Alex. Them, £1 ls; G. Whiting, £1 Is; J. P. Bainbridge, .£1 is W. Baker, £1 Is ; T. Hall, £1 s ; F. Wheeler, £l1 ; E. Thom, 10s.6d; A. Thoem, junr., 10s ld ; W. Hill, £1 Is. 