GENERAL NEWS. Hayman's tannery, Dungog, was burnt to the! ground last week. The Newcastle mining districts are suffering ?or want of water. Telkch;a:piiic communication will shortly be 2xtended to Temora. ' Me. W. A. Manning, Solicitor, is a candidate for the Eden electorate. A new paper is about to be started in Burrowa, to be called the Burrowa Times. Srrr.T.T-tro-w flm r7.n^„„A .-Ml IJUUJUIAII, iniv AlUH mUlUCiCij 19 Oil/ ll-i., to have paid Adelong a visifc lately. Mn. T. M. Slattery will visifc the Burrowa elec torate in the course of a week or two. A boy named Terence Canahan was drowned his in father's well,' afc Burwood, last week. Messrs John Meagher and Co., of Bathursfc, are about opening a largo branch business at Temora. Moulton, the Lightning Calculator, is doing a thriving trade at the Temora diggings. The Grafton Borough Council ha3 taken initia tory steps to provide a temporary water supply for the city. | Mr. P. A. J ennings has gone overland to Mel aourne. TnE Rev. John Bach, of Adelaide, has com mitted suicide by taking prussic acid. William Halliday, junr., of Brookong, has, died from the effects of a fall from a horse. It is said that the smith who forged the suits of armour for the Kellys will shortly be arrested. It is proposed to form at Rockliampton a poli tical and local association of farmers and selectors. The R. M. S. Australia, with the mails via San Francisco, arrived at Auckland on Thursday morning. Complaints are again appearing in the Bris bane press re the delays in the Registrar- Gene- ral's department. Stonewalling is still being carried on by the Opposition in the Brisbane Assembly, in re the proposed mail contract. Steady rain has been falling in Adelaide ; good rains are also reported in the country, and they are much wanted. Telephonic communication with the Metro politan Fire Brigade, Melbourne, and the Exhibi tion has been established. The New Court House at Cowra was opened by the Hon. the Minister for Minss on Saturday last. The proposed Municipal Conference afc Sydney is exciting a good deal of interest throughout the country. A milk-avhite hawk, about the size of a cockatoo, was seen on Gundagai common the other day. The Australian Eleven, in their match with the eighteen of Scarborough, have sustained their first defeat. Tns board at the Telegraph office, by which the arrivals of ships, &c.;, are announced, is very badly kept. TnE public mind of Armidale is greatly exer cised about the site of the new hospital, which is to be built at once.-: ? i A benefit is in course of arrangment for the widow of tho late Mr. Walter Cooper, barrister and dramatic author. : Brickjiaking machinery is much required at Armidale. Several large buildings are afc a stand still for want of bricks. A considerale number of wandering minstrels are making their way to Temora ; so is Peter Campbell, the bush missionary. The new Muswellbrook bridge has ten spans, and is supported on sylindrical piers, and the length of the bridge is 252 feet. A boiler, at tho Millstream Brewery, West Maitland, exploded, knocking the engineer down, causing only slight injury to him. Ten thousand gallons of water from the Syd ney Water Works were recently received in Grafton, and sold afc 2d per gallon. A second line of tramway will shortly io laid in Elizabeth-street, and the necessary prepara tions are now being proceeded with. The first, party of round-the-world tourists, who will include Australia in their route, was to leave Liverpool on Saturday afternoon. The Qoulburn Rides have determined to present, the colours of their company to Captain Rossi, their former commanding officer. A number of spurious half-sovereigns aro now being circulated in Sydney. These false coins consist simply of sixpences neatly gilded. Penny stamped envelopes are procurable afc the General Post Oflice on application, the price being 2s 3d per packet, of 25. The Marquis of Lome has an inkstand made mit of tbe linnf' nf fchft chavrrnv tVin.f. n'nwiorl fiiv Colin Campbell through the Crimean War. TnE pontoons for tho floating baths afc West -Maitland havo arrived afc their destination, and will soon bo ready for use. The opening of the extension of tho Great Southern Railway from South Wagga to Gero gery, a distanco of 59 miles, will take place on the 1st proximo. The ownei'G of buildings which have recently been condemned by the Mayor as unfit tor human habitation have tho right of appeal to the City Improvement Board. The Municipal Council ha? decided to appoint a gas inspector for the purpose of, from time to time, testing the quantity and quality of the gas supplied by tho company. Many persons at; Grafton havo to fetch water from a swamp half-a-mile distant. Much illness, believed to be caused by the scarcity of. water, ig reported amongst children, ' ' Heeh Bandmann, the tragedian, is a passenger by the Australia. ? The mails via Suez woro delivered in Sydney on Thursday morning. TnE crops in England havo been seriously damaged by rain and floodo. The Peruvian case is now' hopeless, but the President refuses mediation, and declares that he is determined to light to fclio bitter end. The Surrey Cricket Club hr.3 granted the use of its ground for tho projected match between the Australians and All England Eleven. A MAN named Moriarty was killed on Thursday at Temora, through a tree falling on him. He van an old x'esidenfc of Parkes and Forbes. The Russian mon-of-war, which left the Baltic ports under orders for tho China Geas, have been ordered to cruise in the Mediterranean, pending further instructions. Tiie Chilians are making preparations to bombard and sack Callao and Lima. The foreign residents, together with tho women and children, are leaving their cifciee. Last week, James Nadin, publican, got a verdict ror fclou against tne trovernment tor injuries received by him afc the now historic railway collision afc Parramnfcfca. The shop of Mr. Benson, tailor and outfitter . Church-street, Parramatfca, was burglariously en tered some time during Monday nir ht, and about £100 worth of property stolen. Tiie Miniotor for Works ha3 promised to con fer with hio colleagues as to the desirableness of having tho bridge ovor Sportsman's Creek, Clar ence district., commenced without delay. The Glebo Point tramway will be finished in six months. The route will be from Petty Hotel, along York-street to Druifct-ofcreefc, then into George-street, dov/n Glebo Point-road. September, 1st is fixed an the date of the arbitration ro coal dispute between Hunter River miners and colliery owners. Mr. George Caird, merchant, of Sydney, has boon appointod umpire. Mr. J. M'CoEn'Acn, who has lately been appointed inspector, was, on the occasion of his leaving Crown-otreefc Public ochool, presented with handsome testimonials — one from the boys and one from tho teachers. William Maboit has been sentenced to two years and a half imprisonment afc Armidale for stealing sheep from Dangar Brothers of Gost wyck. , The Railway Committeo afc Grafton intend preparing a petition at once, advocating the con struction of tho Olaronco and New England rail way. One of tho workmen omployod in the erection of the Sacred Heart now school fell a distance of some thirty foot on Friday last, but was not seriously injured. A drayman named Arthur Williams met with a serious accident afc Castle Hill, Parramatta, on M'ondav owing to hio cottini? iamined be tween a gateway and his dray. . Fur claims to have subscribed 3s. 3Jd. per unit of iti. white population to tho Irish Distress ifelief Fund. Victoria subscribed 8^-d. per head, and New South Waleo contributed 10|d. Judge Murray has determined not to travel tho Coonamblb Circuit any more. Mr. P. J. Hcaly, barrister-at-law, io mentioned as his pro bable successor. Last Saturday the v/ife ox a farmer named Ooles, living at Stockyard Creok, about twenty five miles from Grafton, fell into the fire during a fit and wao burnt to death. It is expected that an arrest will very soon be made in connection with tho mysterious disap pearance of gold in transit from the Queensland National Bank, afc Cooktown, to tho Cifcy Bank, Sydney. On Monday nighfc a man was robbed afc Sulli van's Hotel, Narrandera, of a considerable amount by two ruffians, and whilo the constable arrested one of the thieves tho other made' his escape with, the principal part of tho booty. Indignation is openly expressed against the polico authorities at Narrandera for leaving the district in charge of one solitary constable (the iocicup-Keeper;, snore oemg over a tuousand men men employed in and about Narrandera. We hear that a new University Magazine is shortly to be started by Sydney graduates. No undergraduate are to contribute, because of the interference with the time necessary for their studies. Mr. Sydney Read, who so successfully works the oxy-hydrogon light, illuotrating Mr. Proctor's lectures at the School of Arfco, is a son of Mr. D'Arcy Read, woll known ao tho introducer of Peppor'o ' Ghost ' into thoso colonios. The pedestrian matches between Applifcfc, Cal laghan, and Carver, aro, delayed in consequence of the exorbitant demand of tho managers of the Association Ground, Sydney ; so ifc is probable f.Tm ttt11 lin vnn rtf. ^yJ'pn4*. /Fo i f.l o v» r] It is anticipated that by tho ond of the present, year the Southern Lino will bo completed as far ^ ' as Albury, when thoro v/i'il bo a break of only threo miles in tho overland rail r, 'ay journey, viz., between Albury on thio and Wcdonga on the other sido of the border. The 8t.oamer Profcos, £rom Hamburg^ when leaving Capo Town, caw a vessel apparently afc anchor, with canvas oofc, but no flags iiying. It. proved to ho the White Hall, of Swansea, which: had boon deserted. Tho Protcs towed tho vessel; into Table Bay. The Burrangong Show v/as held on Wednes day last at, Young, and v/ao woll attended. There was a good show of fine-woolled oheep and of horses, but tho catfclo ooction vr.o not very strong. An interesting trial of olibop-dogc ? took place during tho day, in which Hi*. Rutherford's' slut f Chips took ftvat pviiio, tlio neeond being awarded to Mr. Wood'c oiut Kolpio. -Tho luncheon was ; attondod by aboiifi jHxty goutiowott . HayWAk'b tannery, Dungog, was burnt to the ground last week. A boy named Tereneo Cananan, was drowned in his father'a well afc Burwood last week. ^ T.fompson'o diorama of the Zulu War opens fitfthe School of Arts on Soptembor 13fch.;\' ? ? _ A fight, in which twenty-two were killed, has lately taken place among tho natives of tho Island of Mare, New Caledonia. A young man named William Harrington, residing in Suonex-ofcreefc, had two of his fingers blown oft' on Monday, by tho explosion of a carfcridgo which he wao playing with. It is rumoured that Mrs. Greer left the Mel bourne hospital on Wednesday, accompanied by two gentlemen friends, but wao obliged to return to the institution, owing to an attack of hysteria, thereby attracting tho attention of a large crowd. It is proposed fco establish a grand arcade in I Sydney to run from George fco Pitt streets, be tween King-street and tho Eoyal Hotel and the lafce Victoria Theafcro. A joint stock company is to be formed, for which a provisional committee has already been nominated*. The amount of the contract of Messrs. Monie and Matheson for tho construction of the first section of the lino of railway from Wallerawansr towards Mudgoo io £180,092. The length of line j ?will be 22 mileo 5G chains, and the date fixed for completion of tho work io lot March, 1882. Professor CatixjL, tho celebrated swimmer, has decided to Dwim from Parramatta to Dawes' Point, a distance of como fifteen miles, on Satur day, 4th proximo, and ho expects to accomplish the distance in oh: houro. A morning contem porary hao, by way of encouragement, informed the profesoor that tho rivor abounds with sharks. A TELEGBAn hao just) been received from the Government of tho Presidency of Bombay, stating that another ofcrongo ship has passed Aden, flying the Liberian colouro, and bound for Port Breton with a motley company of passengers, including representatives of all nations. This is probably the third vessel employed by the Marquis de Rays in hio colonising expedition. Our gonial contemporary, the Bulletin , has made a decided ' hit. ' thio week. Amongst the illustrations is an exceedingly clever pictorial satire on tho recent libel eaoeo — a broken column standing upon a pedestal, and on the monument is cut the following inscription : — ' Sacred fco the memory of tho liberty of the Press. Born in England. Died in Mew South Wales.' On Tuesday, in tho Divorce Courfc, the petition of Maria Thatcher, for a divorce from her husband, Eichmond Thatcher, journalist and theatrical agent, wao heard, and after evidence had been given of infidelity, cruelty, and deser tion, the application wao granted, the rule to be made absolute in nix months, .A veby clever concert; company, ofcyled ' the Cocilians,' which includes Mdllo. Marie St. Clair, Miso Madeline St. Olair, Mr. T. Rainford, Mr. W. A. Thompson, cornet player, and Mr. Lyndon, pianist, hao beon formed and is about; making a tour of the weotem district fco Penrith, Bafchurst, Orange, Wollingfcon, Dubbo, and other places. Mb. Armstrong, of Kiama, died in the early part of last week afc the great; age of 105 years. Mr, Armstrong wao a native of Ireland, and for several years after his arrival in the colony carried on farming at Mangerfcon Grange, near Wollon gong. About 30 years ago, however, he pur chased a farm a short distance to the southward of Kiama, and resided there until hio death. The long-disputed ca3e Barbour v. Ricketson is now practically settled. Barbour hands over the whole of his estate fco Ricketson, the latter paying fclie Bum of £2000, and £500 for a selec tion taken up by Mr. Barbour in the name of David Williamson ; but, ao Williamson is not yet of age, tho £500 must remain in abeyance until the land can be legally transferred, when the ?whole thing will be complete. Cotjbts of Genoral and Quarter Sessions will be holden during September noxfc, afc the Courfc Houses, at the following times and places, viz Maitlaud, Thursday, 2nd Soptoraber. Greut'ell, Monday, Gtli September. Young-, Friday, 10th September, Singleton, Monday, 13th September. Inveroll, Tuesday, 14th September. Muswcllbrooli, Thursday, 16th September. Darling-hurst, Sydnoy, Monday, 27th September. 'VVarialda, Tuesday, 38th Soptember. Coonabarabratij Thursday, 30th Septombor. We have been favoured by the publisher, Mr. E. R. Colo, with a copy of the second series of the ' Royal Sydney Souvenir.' It will by this time be generally known fchafc imch is the title of a collection of photo-lithographic views of places and objects in and around Sydney. The first series was so well and deservedly received by the public, fchafc ifc io unnecssoary fco pass more elabo rate praioo upon the present series than to say that whilo tho subjects, being different, possess the additional charm of variety, the treatment is exaefcly similar to that, which characterised the former collection. Tho pictures — twenty-four in number — are nicoly mounted, and are confined within a red morocco cover. Tho price, consider ing tho ' got up' of the souvenir, is ridiculously email. We havo vocaived a ' Sketch plan and local sketch' of the Temora gold-field, just; issued by the Mining Dopartmont. Tn tho sketch plan the sites of tho various mining localities are shown, and the improvement purchase blocks claimed by Mack and Greaves as well as the selection of Mr. Deutcher are distinctly delineated, along with the improvements effected in each. Tho leads so far as ascertained aro also given. Tho local sketch shows the localities lying along tho railway line from Coofcamundra fco Juneo on the one hand, and Temora on fclio other, whilo the geographi cal outlines of tho intervening tracks are given. With tho aid of tho ccalo givon tho relative dis tances of 'tho' I'cijpcotiivo routoo may bo readily obtained. Tho proiapfcuoca of tho Mining Depart ment in issuing the' 'ascp,' cud tho excellence of fcho map itself, al'O very creditable. 