WALLAROO, SATDBDAY, FEB. 14,18S0. Tirr. preference displayed by the Govern ment for imported articles, when better «eoul<l be found in the colony, has fre quently been realised, and made the sub ject of comment in reference to persons employed in various public departments. Complaints, too, bare been made by manufacturers that they have not received fair play whenever material was required for public works, but that orders were sent to England which could have been executed by any one of the firms establish ed in Adelaide or the provinces, and, taking the cost of freight and charges into account, at somethiug under the prices paid. Why this should be allowed to occur cau, of course, only be known to the select few who are responsi ble for the transactions referred" to, but it is quite certain that, whatever benefit the persons immediately con cerned may derive from them, the public interests of the colony suffer most materially. The latest instance of this persistent endeavour to ignore the claims of South Australia to furnish what- . ev'sr may be required for public use, is; supplied by the action taken by the Government in allowing Sydney stone to be used in the erection of the new Go vernment Offices, Victoria Square, Ade laide. At a meeting held at Houghton, on Friday, .Feb. 10, Mr Henry Pitman,, (Chairman of the Highercombe District 1 Council) referred to the greater durability of the South Australian stone, and also that its use for the purpose referred to would teep money in the colony, and give employment to hundreds of men in the raising and transporting it to Ade- j laide. Mr W. Haines, M.P., knew that the stone at Magill Quarry, as well as that | which came from the quarries about Tea Tree Gully and Houghton, were superior to Sydney stone, and regretted the action of the Government in proposing to use stone from New South. Wales for the purpose mentioned, at a cost of about £60,000, to the great detriment of the large number of men in South Australia who are quarrymen, and the earning of whose daily bread is dependent on theac Itivitj with which quarrying operations | are conducted iti the colony. He be |]jevTi<] that Mr "Woods was in favour of il the use of colonial stone, but he was of opinion that be bad been " got at" by the contractor, and he maintained that as ex cellent stone was to be found in the i colony, it should be used in the construc- : tion of the public buildmgs for which the i colonists paid. He did not see the reaBon why inferior stone should be imported for use in preference to the local article Messrs Wishart & Davies, the contrac tors for theconstruetionof the Hiudmarsh bridge, had asked to be relieved of their obligation to use Sydney stone in the work, and had opened a quarry of splen did stone iu the vicinity of Tea Tree Gully. Mr "Ward, MP., said the Government urged as a reason for using the Sydney stone that it could be worked more cheap ly, which meant that it was softer, and, therefore, less durable than the local material. Mr E. D. Eoss, M.P., said if the present course of action was al ways to be pursued they would never develope the resources of the country, and they objected to the Government carry ing out an immigration policy, and at the same time driving work out of the colony. It was utterly absurd to argue against the quality and quantity of the stone when they had such standing proofs of its excellence as the Post Office and Su preme Court. He ventured to say that not one of the Australian capitals was so well situated with regard. to the supply of building stone as Adelaide was. He protested against the policy of the Government, both as regarded the quarrymen and as far as the colony is concerned. He could scarcely believe that the Commissioner of Public Works knew that the contractor was going to use Sydney stone, and he felt sure that if a respectful but firm statement were made to him he would endeavour to pre vent such a gross piece of injustice being done to the colony iu connection with any other public works. Mr Allan Young, in answer to a question asked by Mr Eoss, said any quantity of stone of the best quality and of uniform colour could be supplied to the Governrnent, and Mr Eoss said this did away with the principal reason of the Government ; for the action they had taken. The thorough ventilation of this subject, while showing the great injustice which has been done with reference to the employment of Sydney stone for the purpose mentioned, will doubtless have tha effect of inducing the Government to use the superior ma terial to be found nearer at hand in fu ture, but it is to be regretted that the wel fare of the colony should be thought so utterly unworthy of considera tion in such matters, and a watch ful eye must be kept up on those who are responsible for the neglect. The Register asserts that" to some ex tent South Australian quarrymen have themselves to blame for the want of public appreciation of their stone. Whether from want of kuowledge or want of energy, they have—at all events until quite recently—taken no step to secure proper recognition of the merits of the material that can be produced in South Australia, or to show its value as compared with imported stone. Under these circumstances they caunot alto gether blame the public or the Govern ment if preference is given to the article introduced from abroad when it is known to be, generally speaking, of even char acter, easily worked, and procurable at a definite priceand yet we are in formed, in the same article that "jthe old and Supreme Court Houses— which have been entirely constructed, with Soutu Australian stone—are among the best preserved and substantial look ing of our public buildings. If the stone from our own quarries was suitable for these edifices, it is difficult to conceive why it should not be suitable for the Government offices now iu course of erection in Victoria Square." We, therefore, fail to see bow the South Aus tralian quarrymen are to blatne in the matter when the G-overnmeiit have been for a very considerable time familiar with every particular relative to the jstose raised in the colony, and of which the Register speaks in such -favorable terms. Fob the sake of the farming community in general, and the shareholders in the proposed undertaking in particular, we are very glad that the members of the Port Pirie branch of the Farmers Association have decided not to support the scheme for starting an Agri cultural jffewspaper in Adelaide. On the subject being broyght forward at a meeting held at Port Pirie & few days ago and re ported in the local paper. " the Chairman thought, perhaps, tbe proposed paper mi#bt ■do good, although almost everything of in terest to farmers went ir.to the weeklies. Mr ^!ell said every newspaper in tbe colony was open to them, and if they chose to read them they contained a large amount of valuable information For farmers They bad a fair field already iu the papers of the colony, and in case of the proposed paper being a failure ij froald do barm to the Association- Sev eral other members having spoken, the Chairman tooktbe sense of the meeting, which was against the project" We feel quite certain that the promoters of the undertaking have no idea of the outlay of money it would involve to bring the affair into working. condition even on a limited scale, of'operation, and we feel equally sere that it, after great exertions j and expense it was published, its existence J for several reaBoiss would be yery. briefindeed. Not only does every journal in the colony, at the present time, devote a portion of its J apace to farming matters of considerable in terest and importance, but the Garden and Field fis the organ of *tbe agricultural in terest, and from the very efficient manner in which it is conducted is especially worthy of the support of farmers in general. Con sidering the great importance of agricultural pursuits to the colony jn | general, there is not the slightest fear that they will not receive due attention, or that the grievances of those who arc en gaged is them will not be sufficiently venti lated whenever "occasion may arise, and therefore we should, regret to see farmers involve themselves in a speculation by which they would inevitably be very much out of pockot and, at the same time, effect not the slightest benefit to the class to which they belong. If by means of a joint subscription the services of a gentleman like Mr Mclvor could be secured, to furnish information on agricultural subjects byjlectucing in the various towns in the colony, and also by the analyses of soils, to show the cultivators thereof the proper course to pursue under diverse con ditions, the money wouid be well spent, which is a great deal more than could be said in the event of a Farmers Journal* making its appearance. The report of the Farmers' meeting at Green's Plains will appear in our next issue. We understand that the inhabitants of the somewhat narrow thoroughfare termed Schroder Street feel aggrieved at funerals passing through it from the Hospital to the Cemetery, and are about to memorialise the medical officer for the purpose of inducing him to give instructions to have them conveyed by another route. We notice that the road over the culvert is nearly completed, but as it is narrower than was promised, we think the sooner the Corporation take stepB far the purpose of having this very great defect remedied the better. It is necessary, however, that some amount of energy should be imported into the proceedings respecting it, for it appears by the success which his attended the plan adopted by Mr Bath in reference to the level crossing, i.e. that it is only requisite to leave applications unanswered to defeat an object the Corporation may bare in view. At several of the radway crossings in the town, and notably opposite the Cornucopia Hotel, con siderable danger attends the passing of heavily laden teams in consequence ot the old line being nearly nine inches below the level of the new one, which renders the places in question in a worse condition for traffic than when the old spoon drains were in use, and we trust that some means will be adopted by the authorities to remedy the eril complained of. The weather for the past few days lias been co<>l and pleasant, but. although heavy rain fell at Kadina on Thursday afternoon, and replenished all the tanks, the welcome showers did not extend to Wallaroo. As will be seen by our advertising columns, the Superintendent of the Wallaroo Mines (H . S. Hancock, Esq.,) invites additional tenders for works on the mines, but although we are led to suppose from the circumstances of the sinking of Young's shaft, which was advertised last week, not being tendered for, that miners are somewhat scarce in the district, we have no doubt they will be forthcoming as soon as they become awary that their services are required at the place where they were previously employed. When the mines closed they became scattered over the colony in their search for work, and, consequently, the plan of calling for tenders that require only a small number of contractors to perform the necessary work, is the best ihai could be adopted under the circumstances, as it would bs impossible to obtafn a veiy large number of men at once. The want of a watchmaker and jeweller has long been feit in Wallaroo, and we are therefore glad that Mr Oliver, recently arrived from Eng land, notifies by advertisement that he has com menced business in this town, and have no doubt be will meet with extensiye patronage. The following is the traffic on the undermen iioued lines of railway for the week ending Jan. 31, 1880, Port Wakefield, Blylh, Kadina, and Snowtown* and Hamlpy Bridge and Balaklava— Passengers, 571, £200 9s 8d; goods, £436 9s 9d; miscellaneous, £4it 13a 2d ; total, £736 12s 7d. Kadina and Wallaroo—Passengers 557, £150 Is; goods, £42& 13b 9d; miscellaneous, £52 14s 9d ; total £682 8s Id. A public meeting of gentlemen interested in racing was held at the Royal Exchange Hotel, Kadina, on Wednesday evening, Feb. 11, to take into consideration the advisability of holding a race meeting during 1880. Mr John Heath was voted to the chair. After some discussion it was unanimously agreed to hold the races on the Race course between Kadina and Wallaroo, on Easter Monday, 29th March, 1880. Mr J Spink was elected Secretary, and'Mr T. Herbert, Treasurer, with the following gentlemen as a committee to carry oat the arrangements, viz. Messrs E. Kemp, T. Tait, J. JSichardson, W. S. .Richardson, T. 3?j>ice, C. Barnett, J. Sharpies, J, Heath, and W. B.. Bristowej with.power to add to their num ber. At the Primitive Methodist District Meeting held in Adelaide, on Wednesday, Feb. 11, the Port Wallaroo sub-committee's report was adopt ted. A motion was passed relating to the slate of the chapels in the district, and it was thought they were not in a satisfactory condition. The state of the sabbath schools, with few exceptions, was considered to be satisfactory. With respect to the Kadina Circuit, it was agreed, on the motion of the Bev. W. Dimeot, seconded by the Rev. S. Gray, that the legislation be adopted; ths substance of which was that the salary of the preachers be thb basis of the equalisation fund, and that all Circuits pay'an equal percentage. Tbe state of the equalisation fund during the year had been somewhat embarrassed, principally through t'tys action of the Moonta Circuit. Xn order to meet the difficulty and saye the fund from debt, the ministers decided voluntarily to take one shilling per, week per phild less, and a brother, whose son had reached fte age of sixteen, yielded all claims to the fund for him. For these concessions the unanimous thanks of the lay delegates were accorded to the parties concerned. At thesecond readingofthe Stations, ion Thursday', Feb. 12. the Iter. «T. K Williams was appointed to Kadina, and the Eev. John Goodwin to Moonta. Wa observe that the Bev. W. Diment has been appointed to North Adelaide, and although it is considered a better district we have no doubt he would have preferred remaining at Kadina, where he has ! laboured for the last two years. , The following instructions have been forward ed by Mr Hartley, the Inspector General of Schools, to teachers, for the prevention of the spread of scarlatina and other infectious diseases. The attention of teachers is requested to the following instructions, which must be strictly observed if Scarlatina, Diphtheria, -or any ether infectious disease should appear iu any "district. 1\. Up child is to be allowed to attend from a family in which any infectious disease has broken out. . 2. Scholars are to be strictly prohibited from visiting at houses where any infectious disease has appeared, If any child is discovered to hare | infringed this rule, the offender is to be excluded ! from school for one month. j 3\. Scholars are also to be forbidden to attend \ the funeral of any persuii who has died of an in fectious disease, unless such person should be a i relative. i 4\. No scholar who has been il! of an infectious j disease to be re-admitted to school until after the j lapse of a month from the time of complete recovery, or till the teacher obtains a Doctor's I certificate that such scholar may attend without I risk to x>thers. . j The Kapunda Herald has been shewn a letter from Mr J. W. White, in the Far Worth, in which he states that he has been successful in ■ obtaining good water on the Cooper, the sinking being only two 'feet. The supply is not quite 1 sufficient for all the stock, but Mr White has strong hopes of nnding more on the same water course. We are glad to notice that the energetic Com missioner of Crowe lands is thoroughly in earnest with respect to endeavouiing to obtain water in the interior bv sinking Artesian'Wells. The American rock boring apparatus, or diamond drill, purchased by the Surveyor-General for bis department, has been tried in Adelaide on quart zite, the hardest kind of rock found in our hills,1 and has given entire satisfaction. It was worked ' at a pressure of 40 lbs., which is only one third of the pressure which it is capable of being wojked at. It is the intention of the Government to i commence sinking wells inland from Eucla, and, ! if the experiment should prove successful, to I follow the coast liue eastward, sinking wells as j they go. Appliances for boring through every ] kind of country have been provided, the diamond drill being used only when hard rock is encount' ered, and provision is made for going to a deoth of 1000 feet if necessary. It is satisfactory to know that the Council have adopted measures which, if duly carried out, will tend to put an end to the goat nuisance, and it would be still more satisfactory if, after disposing of the lesser evil, they turned their at tention to the annoyance and danger to the in habitants caused by bulls and cows being allowed to wander about the town. Complaints are con— timially being made m reference to this matter, and it is not the first time we have alluded to it, i We think, therefore, that it is quite time the In spector of Nuisances received special instructions to impound the animals referred to, or take any other means for the suppression of the nuisance that may be sufficient for the purpose. In non corporate towns the police are empowered to act in such cases, and they ha»e the reputation for doing so promptly and effectually. By a letter which appears in our present issue from a Kadina correspondent, it seems that similar laxity in re ference to the matter complained of exists in that town, and as such a state of things is very discreditable, we trust the Conucil will see that measures for its prevention are put in force without delay. The heavy loss sustained through bush fires every suearner renders it necessary that very ' stringent means should be adopted for the pur- | pose of punishing the persons by whose careless ness they frequently occur. The Northern Argus, iu referring to this subject says, notwithstanding the constant warnings men are receiving as to the necessity of being careful with matches during the summer months, many are exceedingly care less. Only the other day a man deliberately threw down a burning match amongst dry grass at Anama. The lire spread quickly towards a large haystack, and but for the prompt and ener getic efforts of the residents the whole would haye been consumed, and probably some of the out buildings besides. Previous to the above a fire broke out in a paddock near Rochester belonging, to the Son. G-. C. Hawker. Messrs iStalley Graham, Cooper, and his workmen hastened to the place, and after long and hurd toil succeeded in extinguishing it. Wliile they were battling frith the fiamesjsotno workmen looked on with the Utmost indifference until they knew who would pay them. A resident of Rochester drove along the road ia close proximity to the burning graesj and although the persons working at the fire were suffering from thirst their neighbor in the buggy did not even bring them water to drink, but passed on wholly unconcerned. Oar Minlaton correspondent writing on IVb. 6, 1880, says The anniversary services of the Minlaton Wesley an Church were held on Sunday and Tuesday, Feb. 1 and 3. The Eer. C. T. Newman, from Clare, being the officiating Minis ter. The congregations at each service were very large, and the financial results extremely gratifying; the total amount raised being up wards of £80. Considerable inconvenience has been experienced during the past few weeks by the inhabitants of the township and neighbour hood. owing to an alteration made in the tiuie for the arrival and delivery of mails ; Saturday's mail under the new arrangement reaching Minla ton at midnight instead of mid-day, consequently •letters and papers are not delivered until nine o'clock on Monday morning instead of Saturday afternoon, as Under the former arrangement, thereby making a difference of something like 33 hours. Why we are thus treated we are at 8 loss to imagine. Representations of the incon yenience suffered have been made to th" postal authorities, but as yet no intimation has been received of any alteration being about to take place ; we are, however, liying in hope of haying » mail via Stansbury, which would serve the in terests of the township much better, and a mem orial has been sent to the Post-master G-eneral requesting that one may be provided. The wea ther during the past fortnight lias been intensely hat, bat a cooler change set in on Thursday morning. The farmers have finished reaping, and winnowing, and are iiow busily engaged storing tlieir corn ; the prevailing loir.price caus ing .tlicm to hold from selling as long as possible, consequently money is not so plentiful -as it otherwise would be. Wheat being only 3s lOd per bushel. Colonel DowneB inspected the Wallaroo Bifle Company on Wednesday, the 11th February. 1 The whole of the members appeared in uniform.1 only one of the company.being absent. On the ar rival of the Colonel on the-ground at 6 o'clock the company fixed bayonets and give a general salute, after which Colonel Downes,' in company with Captain Plummer, inspected the arms and uni forms and expressed himself as feeing highly satisfied with the condition of both. Captain Pluuimer then pat the corps through squad and company drill, the manual, firing exercise and skirmishing, in which the members acquitted themselves Very creditably. Lieutenant G-osse then took charge of the company for a short time, after which they were drawn up and'addressed by the Colonel Commandant. He said he was very much pleased with the progress which had been mad ■ by the Company, and felt that now when all those who had at first joined, the Association without any intention of carrying out the conditions under which they joined, had left, that the several corps were com posed of "good men and true." He hoped their numbers would increase, and was -sure that their company would be a credit to itself, its captain, and to Wallaroo. He said the men had been very steady in their movements, and it was evident their captain had been energetic and that the men had given a great deal of attention to their duties. The Colonel then further en couraged the men to persevere in their drill, es pecially in skirmishing. On the Colonel's de parture the men gave a general salute, after which they were drawn up and dismissed. Oa Thursday last, Mr W. Townsendj M.P., being on a visit to Kadina, was kindly shown over our new school by Mr J. J. Christ mas. The former gentleman expressed himself highly satisfied with the building, and the various leacberB ergaged therein, but agreed with Mr Christmas, when it was pointed out, that the accommodation was not equal to the require ments. In nearly every instance the seats that should have only held 6 children were occupied by eight. There were over 300 present, and the school was built for 250. It iB occasionally satisfactory to " see oursei'a as ithers see us," and we note that Mr Angus Mackay, of Queensland, who paid a visit to South Australia in the month of November last writes thus respecting the colony in the Queens lander of January 24:—"Twelve bushels per acre means wealth to the whole colony of South Australia, for, although there are other indus tries there—the wool yield is much heavier than that of our colony—the talk of the people is of wheat. The prosperity is based upon wheat farming: and I say it very deliberately, and with a full conviction of its truth, .there is no such solid prosperity in any other colony in all Aus tralasia. The country districts of South Aus tralia are very prosperous. TUe farming classes indulge in stone houses, having large rooms and conveniences. The towns look solid and res pectable." In the Register of Thursday last, Feb. 12, a prospectus appeared of the South Australian Fishing Company which it is proposed to form in 5,000 shares of £2 each. The object of the Com pany is " tp furnish . the residents of Adelaide | and the suburbs with a daily supply of fresh fish j at a reasonable price, and it is hoped that the necessary capital will be subscribed, so as to en sure the object aimed at being carried out. At present fish as an article of diet is scandalously t scarce and dear, and if the Company can carry out their idea of supplying an adequate quantity at from 3d to 4d per lb. they.will confer a boon upon the community." We have already pointed out the advantages Fort Wallaroo possesses for furnishing large supplies of fish and oysters, which could be placed in Adelaide and the inland towns in a few hours after being caught, by means of the facilities now furnished for conveyance by railway, and we trust to see some action taken in respect to an industry which could not be other wise than extremely profitable, while the outlay would be comparatively small. The Siponshire Advocate. (Viotoria) has the following;—" A story is going the rounds here of an incident which occurred to a collector whilst engaged in collecting funds in aid of the distress in Ireland. He nailed upon- one of his wealthy neighbours hailing from the Emerald Isle, and after stating his business was informed he would receive nothing from him. The collector, not to be put off in this manner, and knowing the good lady of the house came from boaaie Scotland, declared he would interview her on the subject. This he did, and was rewarded frith a donation of £1. To his surprise, however, when he reached the next house, he found he had been followed by the fair donor of the £1, who begged of him to return her the money, as her husband had threatened to put an end to her natural life ifthe money was not restored. The collector being of a humane disposition, and in order to save further trouble, returned the donation. People may well ask after this, 'Where are the Irish names on. the subBcription-lists.' " We Advertiser have made some enquiries re lative to the export and storage of wheat at Port Adelaide, and, although very large quantities of grain are coming forward, have arrived at the con clusion that many of tho farmers most be holding their stock for an improvement in the market. Up to the present time a larger quantity has arrived g.t and been shipped from the Fort than during the same period of last year, but not so large as in some previous seasons. It i$ -estimat ed that a hundred trucks per day arrive by raii from the North ; but there are many ketches bringing grain over from the Peninsula and tran shipping their cargoes to the' homeward bound' Tessels, There are several large ships now load ing, including the Ennerdale, that will carry about 1,800 tons of breadstuffs to France, and the Gainsborough, an iron ship of 1,300 tons, for the United Kingdom. Mr James Dawson, of Gawler, has stored.a great quantity of wheat, about 17 or eighteen thousand bags, in the Commercial Wharf Company's ttorehouse, at the Port, and the Messrs J. Dunn and Co., have just commenced their usual big stack in their mill yards. Ontbewholea lessquantitythan usual Is being stored, because ofthe Tory- large amonnt that is flbippeS o^jiaKA^ej.^orkefB Peninitila ii _ furnishing a aim nwa^^&pplj;^rer anyprerioui year, and most of this is transhipped in the stream Tile numerous craft that loading st and hart sailed from the outports,-materially affect the trade stPort Adelaide. Meters Elder,Smith and Co., are now landing a Teasel withfiarmcrs* lots-al Port Victoria, and other- firms are loading ships at Forts Wakefield, Minlacowie, Vincent, Vic toria, Wallaroo, Broughton, Pirie, and Augusta. A large quantity of the wheat whioh cornea down from, the North by rail is stored at Gtawler Many of the farmers in the oldersettlod districts have barns, where they have stacked their grain until the market improves, and one of the banks is doing ii big business is making advances to tUe farmers who are not content with the. present market rates. This season the grower is beiag hit in two ways—by the low market and the high freights. Last year vessels could be obtained at 15s per ton, while this year 55b and 60s is de manded, and there is at least & difference of 7d per bushel in the price of wheat as compared w ith the same period of la-t year. - The New York correspondent of the. JEapunda 1 Herald says:—Brooklyn was enlivened this week by a church fair at the Talmage Tabernacle. Tbft resources of this eccentric preacher arc marvel lous ; almost every other day some adroit enemy supposes he has laid him on his back, when hey, presto, " change!" like a good cat he lands on his legs, and before they: know where they are, he has their scalps banging at his belt like onions, twenty in a row. The present fair is one of the most bruiiant that Brooklyn has seed; for years. The decorations were .superb, and the music up to the standard of the Tabernacle. Of course there was Bebecca at the Well, Kutli and the Reapers, Mizpah, Rachel, and lots of other female angels, that make a fellow wish that he bad liyed j three or four thousand years ago j and in addi tion to the other attractions, there was a fine art collection, which, though small, was equal in char 1 acter to the best of our Fall exhibitions. If any body np your way imagines that theBrooklynPres byt»ry has either killed or maimed brother Tal mage, you can tell them that be is about the liveliest ghost tbat ever yet was seen. The Tabernacle is crammed to suffocation whenever its doora are open, and the brethren don't ap pear to be at all alarmed if the great preacher, like the apostle Paul, did take a little " drop for ; the stomach sake," while in England. An amusing case of " diamond cut diamond" occurred some time ago in which the well-known delineator of " Lights and Shadows" came off decidedly second best. Xt appears that he has some vacant allotments in one of the towns of the Peninsula, which are worth very little, but on receipt of a telegraphic message, from a .resi dent, requesting' him to state what he would bo willing to take for a couple of them, the thought struck him that some fresh mining scheme was in progress which would greatly enhance the value of property, and he replied " £100 each." A few minutes afterwards, he was seated at din ner, for which the prospect of making an excel lent morning's work had gireu him a good appe tite, when a friend, who was present, asked him if he had heard of the " dodge" practised by the Assessor ol the town referred to for the pur pose of facilitating his labours, and, at the Batne time,increasing the revenue of the Corporation ; and on "Jjights aud Shadows," stating his ignor ence thereof, informed him that the astute official induced a resident to communicate with the owners of property as if with the intention of be* coming a purchaser, and by that means obtained their idea as to its worth. At this unwelcome news the elongation of the features of the 'mem ber for Sturt may be imagined, and he exclaimed excitedly, " The telegram's gone, cost me a shil ling too, and 1 can't appeal against my own val uation, its really too bad," while his friend who had been similarly treated, rather enjoyed the discomfiture of " Lights and Shadows" than otherwise. A strange confession is thus reported in the lass (N.S.W.) Courier of Jauuary 27:—"LaEt Thursday forenoon a man of somewhat dejected appearance, and about 30 years of age, called upon Mr Brennan, sub-inspector of police, and stated chat .he desired to give himself into custody for j a murder committed in England early last year. I The man was quite sober, and evidently in his sound senses. In presence of the Police l£agis trate, (Sir Yates,) be stated that hiB name was William Thomas Coulthard, and was a chemist and druggist. He had lately been employed on Mr Thompson's farm, Greenfield, near Yass. .. He has only been about 8 months in the colony, and shortly before coming to New South Wales laud ed at Melbourne. He bad been engaged in bis bnsiness as a chemist and druggist at Everton, near Liverpool, England. He was there married to a ooasin, of whom he subsequently became madly jealous. In January, 1879, he resolved to fcill his wife, and administered to her a dose of prussic acid. After her death he attached lead, to the bead and feet of the body and placed ft ig a sack and after dark threw the sao^ containing his wife's remains igtp the lifter Kersey, at Evertop, near Liverpool, England. He was then> as he was now, thoroughly in his right senses. He shortly after saded for Victoria, and subsequently came to this colony. Since committing the mur der be bad led a wretched and miserable life, and scarcely a night passed without the vision of his wife appearing to him. He is 28 .years of age. He could bear his sufferings no longer, and hence he had resolved to give himself up to the police and to confess his crime. The prisoner's state ment was calmly and distinctly given, and since bis confinement be has shown no inclination to vary or withdraw any of the particulars supplied. We understand the facts have been communicated to the authorities in Sydney, and it is uot improb able that a search of files of English: newspaper^ will throw some light on the circumstances nar-: aated by the prispnep. The Home IJule party is disintegrating, and dissensions are arising in its midst. The want ot unanimity amotigst the party has ex tended to tbe members of the Home Jlule League, which is now in a moribund condi tion. Mr Win. Shany the member for the Gounty. of Cork, refuses to.take the leader ship of the party, and tbe treasurers to tlie league have resigned their office. An experiment has been tried with the companion-gunof the ironclad turreat ship the Thunderer, which has been attended with nnfortnhate results. "The gun was loaded with a double charge of powder, andwhen fired it burst. j 