A REAL GHOST STORY. Before relating our narrative it may be - -well to refer to a ghost story that has gone the round . of the English papers. The facts are simply these :— " The Rev. Dr. Jessopp. was writing in Lord Orford's library, at Mannington Hall, Norfolk, in October last, between one and two o'clock a.m. "When his writing was drawing to a close, he says :— ' I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at work. upon. The man's face was turned away fromme, but I saw his closely cut, reddish brown hair, his ear, and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of - ecclesias tical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of "Velasquez' magnificent "Dead Knight" in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were upper most For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, " Upstairs I have a sketch-book. Shall I fetch it ?" There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot ex plain why I did this—my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vaniahed. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. I went on -with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for ano ther five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had deter mined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and atti tude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my head again, to ex amine him more closely, and I was fram ing a sentence to address to hhn when I discovered that J did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at tbia moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he dis appeared. Having finished my task, I shut the hook and threw it on the table; it made a slight noise as it fell—the figure vanished." Dr. Jessopp's was a dumb ghost; ours uot only spoke, but gave a note of warning. A correspondent thus writes to us :—"As I know you feel interested in such cir cumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very re markable circumstance connected with the death, at Hamilton, of the late Arch deacon Junes. The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and though per fectly sensible to the last, was unable to articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circum stance wliioh I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as layreader by a young man recently arrived from home named Usserman, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and' died at the Parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, said all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study one evening, after Lisserman's death, he saw him standing ■at the study table, and involuntarily ex claimed, ' Holloa 1 are you here!' ' Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and where I now am there will you soon be !' Mr Innes was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for." 