|ales, etc. EVELEEN REDGBEAVE; OB, THE BARRINGTONS OF BRABAZON HALL CHAPTER XXTV. BY E. L. A. Beewick. THE extremity of danger, they say, makes even cowards brave; and some fuch •principle, I suppose it was, which enabled me to recover a portion of my accustomed spirit and calmness before I reached the house. After all, I thought, my fears were a little too violent, and my depression too great. Under ordinary circumstances, as I had told Lord Landore, there would be nothing very unusual in two inmates of the same mansion meeting in a garden or resting in a summer house; and, even as it was, he and I had been sufficiently familiarised to each other's society, since his arrival, to take away any feeling of strangeness or indecorum from the act. Had Miss Hetherington, or even my couBin Mary, been his partner, I did not thixik they would have had any misgivings on the subject, or any fear of consequences likely to result from them.—then why should I ? True it was, that the insolent espionage of an evil-minded woman might endeavour to convert an innocent tale into one more equivocal in aspect, and her misrepresentations might throw a veil of mystery and concealment over a very simple proceeding ; but one fact was plain, at all events. She'might have seen us enter, but she could not have heard us speak; the measures she bad adopted might argue malice prepense on her part; but, be her colouring as vivid as it might, still it must want substance and individuality to give her figures prominence and point. These adjuncts, so far as i was concerned, I determined not to give them, if I could. I braced my nerves, and calmed my features, therefore, as 'I had often done before, and instead of stealing up to my own chamber, as I was more than half tempted to do, I walked directly into the breakfast parlour, where my uncle was diligently paring his ntuls with a pen-knife. "Were you out, Eveleen?" he asked, looking up for a moment, and. then settling seriously to his occupation'again. " I was only in the garden, sir. " I wonder what in the world keeps them all so late this morning!" he said. "Do you know, Eveleen," here he looked cautiously towards the door and lowered his Toioe, " I begin to think that great people are mighty great bores?" " Every novelty has its inconvenience until we get used to it," said I. He approached a step nearer to me, after depositing his knife inbis pocket. "There is this Miss Hetherington now, for instance " "Well, Mr. Barrington, what of her— what of my cousin, sir?" Had a sudden clap of thunder shaken the room, he could not have looked more bewildered or alarmed. "Go on, sir! surely your niece is not entitled to all yonr confidence; and I presume that any observation you make on your own guest may very well be heard by me." It was Mrs. Barrington who spoke these confounding words. She had entered the room with the cat-like tread that was not unusual with her, and had thus overheard what was not intended for her. "I_I was about to observe, my dear," was his answer, in a puzzled, chuckling, agitated sort of way, " what an excessively accomplished, amiable, pleasant sort of person your cousin is," here he threw a deprecatory glance at me; " and I should have gone on to hope that we may be able to induce her to prolong her visit here, until—" "Stop, sir, if you please!" broke in his imperious help-mate; " euch gross deceit is discreditable to you. I perceive that you meditate further— "Upon my life," Maria—I give you my word of honour—" " Hush, sir ! I hear Miss Hetherington's foot on the stair, and I would not have her insulted by every member of the family with which, to my misfortune, I am connected." At this moment Miss Hetherington entered the room, looking coldly and even regally Btern. Her bow was a sweeping one, but she said nothing. I remarked that she was dressed with unusual care; and under the influence of suppressed emotion, whatever the nature of it might be, she looked transcendantly beautiful. It was a heavy ground-swell touched with sunshine, but not the lesB indicative of bad weather for the partial illumination. As to myself, after returning her indistinct salutation, I became all at'once deeply engaged in the leading article of a provincial paper; although, now and then, I could perceive that Miss Hetherington's eye was tolerably steady in its direction towards myself. She became at length tired ofhersilent examination, or unable to maintain it any longer, and addressed me— "You were abroad this morning—Eveleen?" She hesitated to call me by my Christian name, bnt she thought better of it, and it was done. "I wis."' ' " Had yon a pleasant walk P" ' "Very." ... ," Waa—was your cousin with you?" I looked at her steadily and answered "No." "Alone—were you?" " Not alone." I answered, as carelessly as before. "Your walk has given you a complexion," she went on, with greater meaning in her words than she wished to give them. '' Who was your companion?" " Lord Landore." " Indeed!" I answered her "indeed" by a stare of wonder, as if I did not at all understand it, and then quietly'said " Yes, indeed!" She was mystified—foiled at my surpassing coolness'; andhaving thus partially triumphed I became a little less oracular. " I cannot say that I walked with him," I said, " but I sat with him for a long halfhour in the kiosk; and a very agreeable half-hour I found it to be." As I spoke, the door again opened, and Lord Landore himself entered the room, in a more than usually listless manner. " You are just in time to hear a compliment paid to your powers of pleasing, my lord," she said to him. "Ami?" "Yes; Miss Redgreave has been boasting to us that she spent one of the most agreeable half-hours of her life in your society this morning." " Did she say so?" he answered, thrown off his guard, and bending hiB flashing eyes on me. I smiled coolly. "Miss Hetherington has a treacherous memory in trifles, my lord," said I, "or she would not have monstered my declaration as she has done. I do not generally deal in superlative phrases on common occasions; and, agreeable as the society of a well-informed acquaintance must always be, I do not like, by an exaggerated estimate, to spoil the recollections associated with it." "You are cruel only to he kind, Miss Red weave," he answered, following my lead, and seeming to glory in his ability to do bo ; " and I accept your qualified compliment to my social powers as the honester one of the two. I am glad that I have even so much to boast of, as I regret to say that my opportunities of achieving greater triumphs in the same field are, for the present about to end." The rich red of the heiress's cheek became still more incarnadined as she answered this speech by a concentrated gaze of many mixed meanings; then the flush as suddenly subsided, and left the surface much paler than before. But she spoke not. "You—you are not about to leave us, surely, my lord?" rang Mrs. Barrington's sharp tones, sounding like the tinkle of a bad bell through the room. " I hardly like to spoil my own breakfast by thinking of it, madam," he answered, demurely seating himself at the table, " but I grieve to say that my morning's letters leave me no alternative. Barring accidents, as my clever Irish driver phraBed it, I must be in London the day after to-morrow, if money and patience can enable me to compass it." " In London !" gasped rather than spoke Miss Hetherington. " Yes, London is my first destination," he said, carefully buttering his toast," although I fear I shall have to go further and fare worse before all is done. I should not be surprised to find myself, like Perre, taking ' my midnight walk of meditation' on the Rialto before the month is out, if I am not obliged to go ' north about,' as the sailors say, and put up with an indifferent bed on the banks of the Neva." "Your resolution is sudden, my lord," remarked the agitated heiress. " Sudden!" he answered, looking up and laughing at her, "Does that surprise you, Miss Hetherington ?" " A little, I confess," she replied, ascoolly as her increasing agitation enabled her to do. "That is strange," he proceeded, still laughingly. " I flattered myself that no action or series of actions of mine, whether taken singly or in groups, could surprise any human being who had ever spent seven consecutive hours in my company. It proves to me how imperfectly I am understood by my friends. I cannot afford to be overlooked in this manner. I must do something outrageous to insure applause—or at least observation, which with me amounts to the same thing." " I thought I understood you to say that it was business which was to take you away from us so suddenly, my lord?" put in my shrewd aunt. " And so it is, madam," he responded, while handing his cup to be filled again. "But observe, Mrs. Barrington, I abjure the im-. putation of transacting even the most ordinary business of life in the usual jog-trot way. Business it is—and very serious business, too—that could take me away from so pleasant a circle as I have had the good fortune to find myself in since I came here; but I spoke generally when I answered Miss Hetherington's question, as, above all things, I object to be classed with the herd who make common sense and right reason the planets round which their earthly imaginations eternally revolve." " Well, common sense, in my opinion, is not such a bad thing, after all," stud my uncle, who always took the earl's eccentric opinions in perfect good faith. "Yes, but your opinions and mine differ on the subject, Mr. Barrington," continued his lordship. " There is spirit in variety; and, if men did not differ in feelings as well as in persons, the world would become a piece of stagnant water, out of whose insipidity all sorts of monstrous shapes and hideous creatures would creep, to torture." "Really you surprise me, my lord!" exolaimed my uncle, looking very much puzzled, as well he might, at the random assertions of the young peer. "jD.oI? Then I am satisfied," was the reply. " With such extraordinary views and sentiments as yours, my lord, I do not won-, der that you should have but little taste for domestic life," said Mrs. Barrington, throw, ing out a sort of feeler for him to grasp at if he liked. But he seized the occasion to go on a different course. " Give me credit for sincerity^ when I assure you, Mrs. Barrington," ' was his answer, "that, with the deepest respect for what is called domestic life, I should as little think of fettering myself by its rules, as I should of confining my appetite to apple-dumpling every day in the year, because, once in a way, it is as good as the most exquisite dainty you could set before me." " You must conform at last, however," again hazarded Mrs. Brrrington, jocosely, " and you may as well make up your mind to do so in proper time. As a matter of courss, you must marry—" " Heavens ! you shock me, madam," he exclaimed, starting back. "What! take a wife as I would swallow a pill—as a thing of course, which someone tells me I require, and would be the better for ! What sin have I committed to be threatened with so terrible an alternative? You cannot be serious, although your looks almost incline me to imagine that you are." "Being married, and a woman myself, my lord," she answered, severely. " I do not look upon the sex or the married state as things to make wise men afraid or virtuous ones ashamed of. I am sorry to hear that your lordship differs with me." " Agrees with you, you mean," persisted the earl, still cleverly fencing with the subject in his own wild way. "Women and matrimony are not drugs to be swallowed, but sweets to be preserved, in order that their pure qualities may be received into the heart, and add at once to its pleasures and its strength." " I did not call them drugs, my lord." " Only by implication, I admit," answered the earl. " You told me .that I must get married; and as a matter of course, too. Pardon me for the play of words, if I say that I should find it a coarse matter to do anything BO unwise and so discreditable. If I ever marry at all—and I assure you that my very respect for the sex and state makes it in the highest degree problematical—" "Why, Miss Hetherington, you are growing as white as a sheet—what is the matter?—can I assist you?" suddenly demanded my good-natured uncle, starting up, with the sugar-basin in one hand and the cream-ewer in the other. " That vile melon yesterday—I knew it would disagree with you, dearest Julia," exclaimed my clever aunt at once. " I told you you should have breakfasted in your own room; you are always too considerate to the feelings of others—too sensitively alive to the claims of society. Come with me, my love—Lord Landore will excuse you, and an hour or two's rest will set you up again. Mr. Barrington, I particularly request that no more melons may be grown here. They are a vile, unwholesome fruit, and are always sure to disagree with everybody." " I thought, my love—" " T))en yon thought wrong,,sir!" inter. ruptedT'his imperious helpmate; "you can never either think or aot like a reasonable man. Let the melon-beds be instantly destroyed, sir—instantly ! Barbara!—where is Barbara?" "Here!" If a look would have killed the young noble dead on the spot, the flash of Mrs. Barbara Greentree's eye would effectually have ended his career. I saw her from the commencement, for she had glided in after Miss Hetherington, and taken her station as usnal. During breakfast, as may be observed by my account of the interlocutors, I had not raised my voice amongst them. But my eyes were not idle; out of "the heel" of one of them, as Denis Dermody would have said, I remarked what, for want of a better term, I may call " the by-play" of the piece. I saw the " telegraphic despatches" which were travelling the round of the room, taking my own demure'featnres in their circuit; and, fortunately for myself, I had got the due, and understood them all. There was variety, at least, in the shrewd, keen, arrowy signalisation of Mrs. Barrington, and still more in the troubled and mortified looks of the passionate heiress; but in Barbara's features there was but one expression from the first—a settled, deadly glare of determined, downright, demoniacal intensity (my readers will forgivethe alliteration), which never left them from the first, and seemed to alternate between myself and the offending earl. Perhaps, of the two, her looks were turned more frequently on me than on him ; bnt I bore them with a philosophic insouciance which baffled them, keen as they were. The sudden weakness of her nurseling, however, had taken her by surprise. At my uncle's exclamation she started, but still she moved not. Her hands were clenched, and her eye fixed itself on the half-fainting heiress ; it was only when her mistress called to her that she roused herself, and'then, with one look darker than ever at Lord Landore, and the single word " Here!" she dashed into the middle of the circle, and sought to back out her mistress in finding a cause for -Miss Hetherington's threatened attack. "Yes," she said, "I know it was the melons did itthey never used to agree with Miss Julia even when she was a child. Lean on my arm, ma'am—" But Miss Hetherington pushed her off impatiently; "I am quite well—quite strong now," she said in a feeble voice. " I don't think it was melons at all, or any such nonsense ; pray let every one eat their breakfast; I beg pardon for putting on the airs of a fins lady so early in the day" (her smile was ghastly, as she attempted the tone of pleasantry), "but I am often thus—the heat of the weather overcomes me at times, and— and—" Nature triumphed at last. She burst into a torrent of tears, which increased in violence every second, and in two minutes more she was in strong hysterics. "Good God! what is to be done?" exclaimed Lord Landore. in a tone of very genuine alarm. " Can I go for a physician ? Can I have a herse instantly, Mr. Barrinirton?" 8 "Leave the room, my lord !" said Mrs. Barrington, in a tone of uncontrollable violence; " leave it instantly!" He paiused a moment—looked at her steadily—then bowed low, and was gone. " Can I be of the least assistance ?" said my uncle in his timid tones. " You are a fool, sir, or you would know that this is no place for you to be !" was the mild reply. He walked across the room on tiptoe, but with amazing celerity, and vanished also. The tableau that remained was a very dramatic one. There lay the proud and haughty woman of the world, writhing in convulsions and drenched with essences, her laces cut, her garments disarranged, her hair dishevelled—the very wreck of the gleaming beauty that, only a few short minutes before, seemed too glorious to be perishable. Busied about her, in grim anxiety, was Barbara, controlling her spasmodic movements but not uttering a word ; while Mrs. Barrington, as colourless as a ghost and trembling with alarm, kept running hither and thither, and smelling to her scent bottle, in order to keep life and soul together. At the head of the sofa on which Miss Hetherington was stretched, stood Mary, with her hands clasped, and her eyes streaming down showers of sympathy on the sufferer. As to myself, I literally knew not well what to do —I was fhocked and horrified at the whole scene; had 1 followed my own inclination, I should have been instantly at the side of the invalid; as it was, I at last timidly approachci, and offered my services. " Don't touch her—you sha'nt! touch her —you sha'nt!—don t—stand off!' was Mrs. Barbara s reception of my offer, as she rudely thrust herself between me and the object of my solicitude. *' Order her out of the room— why don't you ?" she went on, addressing her mistress. "Its all her doing—I told you how it would be." "You are a cruel, unfeeling monster, Eveleen Redgreave!" commenced my kind aunt, taking the tone from her director. "Madam!" " There—don't answer me, but go, or I shall forget myself, and punish you on the spot for your black ingratitude ! ' she said in her shrillest voice, and stamping her foot at me with excessive rage. Clearly this was no place for me after such addresses as these ; I could be of no possible use, and the time for remonstrance or ex- | planation had not arrived. So, casting one glance at the invalid's features, I saw that they were becoming gradually more composed ; I then left the room and proceeded to my own, to pause and ponder over the startling occurrence which I had just witnessed. (To be continued.) A Remedy fob Scablet Fever.—Dr Woodruff, for nineteen years a practicing physician at Grand Rapids, Mich., furnishes the Springfield (111.) Journal the following:—. Wash the child from head to foot with strong sal soda water, warm, then wipe dry. Them immediately bathe freely with oil from beef marrow or oil from butter. Then give freely catnip tea, or some good sweating artiole, pennyroyal, etc., Repeat every half-hour, or as often as they get worrisome or wakeful, and in one or two days they will be entirely cured. I have been called to oases where they have been fully broke out, and in this way entirely cured them in twenty-four hours. I have had thirty cases on hand at a time, and never lost a case in my life. But now I am old and about to give up my business, and seeing from the paper that your town is infected with the epidemic, I ish to do all the good I can. It is soimple. You do not need to call a doctor. good nurse can attend to them. If by opening i he pores of the skin and sweating ou can let off the poison, which is an animalcula, or animal in the blood, the cure s complete. The same is equally goc>d in fevers of all kinds, hard oolds, and coughs. I take the ground that all diseases are caused by a' stoppage of the pores of the skin, retaining the poison, or living animals, in the blood, and all you have to do at first is to open the doors of the system and let them ont, or drive them out. All people know a warm bath is good. Bnt you apply the oil to the skin, and it keeps the pores open for a long time, and gives the enemy a chance to get out. I hope all will try it, and they will soon be convinced. Jesuits in TcBKEY.-^-Some French Jesuits have arrived at Constantinople for the purpose of establishing a college there. Thus, by a strange irony, the Religions driven out by Christian nations are constrained to find an asylum with the .Ottomans. This is what a Mussulman journal, the Osmanli, says of it:—"It is then with pleasure that we receive them (the Jesuits) amongst us. It is well known that to Turkey the persecuted have ever .oome to seek, and have ever found, a safe ksylum. And if our ignorance be oras^aatKey do not cease to repeat, well, the %eni&fi; "' make us as learned as themselves. 1 TR avail ourselves of the crumbs swept' the table Of enlightened arid free J At the-.-fcanquet of progress these consumeall, and we nbthing ; let us ocntei ourselves with their crumbs." -•«••• 