The great festival of Christian civilisation has again come round, and it has opened in this country, we think, upon a prosperous and happy people. Perhaps not even in England, the land of Christmas junketings par excellence, are Christmas festivities indulged in with more abandon than in Australia. The day itself is put to uses precisely similar in the main to those to which it ia put in EDgland. It is to nil intents and purposes a home day. The people even begrndge tho time needed to offer tho religious services appropriate to the occasion. Their chief endeavour beforehand is to lay in a goodly nnd varied store of viands ; thejr programme for the day is to eat, drink, nnd lie merry — Iorcuouiil£» u w uiTiunuuc# vii ura uivuvn notwithstanding. To none is Christmas Day such an unmixed source of delight as to the boy just entering upon Iub teens ; yet even his emotions of plensure are occasionally checked by the thought thnt a pain under his pinafore must result from the undne quanti ties of ricli Christmas fare that ho swallows. It i9 essential to holiday- keeping, however, that oue should for the nonce throw away all thought for tho future. A little pleasant retrospect is allowable ; you rnny, for example, cast your mind back to that first Christmas after you had beer, to school — to that quintessential period of happiness, when, returned under the old rooftree, with insatiable appetite and the digestion of an OBtrich, you dealt a la Porthos with unlimited turkey aud truffles, were permitted for the first time to taste of tho glorious Tintage, and did not neglect the while to taste tho nectar of ambrosial bliss under the mistlotoc. But as a rule tho safest scheme is that which takes cognisance only of tho present. Yet a thought should be given for those whose enjoyment of the festive season may be seriously curtailed, owing to the lack of the wherewithal of roast beef and plum pudding. There is not much poverty in this country, bnt undoubtedly thero are fit objects even here for eleemosynary aid, and ho who forgets not this will assuredly not enjoy tho season the less. The festivities of Christmas Day, we repeat, are peculiarly those of the home ; those of Boxing Day are peculiarly those of abroad. There are reasons for believing thut tho people of Sydney will engage heartily in the amusements provided for ilonday. Tho in terposition of a Sunday between the two holidays is calculated to induce an extra amount of energy and enthusiasm. And the bill of fare for Monday is tolerably extensive and varied. Thoso who have a penchant for horse-racing may indulge their fancy at Itandwick ; those fond of something in the shape of a Belgian Ktrmies may gratify their hearts' desires nt Botany ; whilst for the lovers of a quiet outing among breezy heights or on the wave-washed shores there is a wide range of choice. The ozone-laden atmosphere of Manly will pro'unbly be breathed on Monday by conntless people to whom a trip to the seaside is a real recreation. No city in the world is more conveniently situated than Sydney for the enjoyment of a holiday. In half-an- honr, by omnibus or mil or steamboat, one may be transported to spots that might be hundreds of mileB from a large aggregation of population so far as purity of air and character of surroundings afford indications ; and it is fair to say that the average Sydneyite is tolerably alive to tho fact. By noon on Monday a cannon might be fired down many of the streets without endangering the lives of any of her Majesty's lieges. Steamboats, coaches, tramenrs, .omnibuses, coatermoBgers' vans will convey their contin gents away from the dust and heat and worry of the city, the streets of which for several hoars will be wellnigh deserted. Ac cording to our good friends, the French, the English take their pleasures sadly. Never theless they contrive somehow to enjoy them, and in this respect we Australians are no whit behind those of the parent community. This great advantage we certainly have — the cares of life fall lightly upon us as compared with their pressure upon our brethren of tho old country ; and wo may therefore give our selves up to a season of junketing and merry making with greater facility nnd with greater zest. A few days ago a correspondent who had just returned from a visit to Victoria sug gested that the aldermen of Sydney should be sent to Melbourne so that they might ascertain what the footpaths of a city ought to be. But we nre not sure that they would be much wiser after they came hack. If sprained ankles nnd broken shins fail to convince them thnt the rough roads of Sydney are bad, the smooth wnlks of tho sister city are not likely tq make any impression upon thsm. It is a distinction, though not a very proud one, to possess the worst foot paths in tho world, and no doubt if tho calculation was made, it would bo found that, mile for mile, ours are tho most expensive as well as being tho worst. In many places the only municipnl officer employod is a town clerk, engineer, surveyor, drafts man and clerk of works all rolled into one, at a starvation salary of about £200 a year. Under such circumstances there would be a reasonable excuse if a channel got a little out of line, but the authorities have no such explanation to offer for the rocky irregularites which disfigure the city of Sydnoy. There is a staff employed laree- enough to look after the capital of England and what is the grand result? Why a person can only nse his heels at the risk of breaking his neck. Amongst the long and costly list of municipal officers wc find the fol lowing in the City Surveyor's Department City Surveyor ' Two surveyors and clerks of works " r.Z Two assistant surveyors ' Draughtsman " "" JJtj' Inspector of pavements Apprentice " Tofcd 7 Surely the citizens have a right to look for some return for this enormous outlay. Tbey havo a right to expect, with all this arrav of professional talent, that what work is "done will be done properly. But blessed nre tbey that expect nothing, for they shall not be disappointed. As an instance of the gross neglect of public duty in this Department, it would be worth while for anyone to walk up William-street, at the top of which some new pavement has been laid. Where the door-steps are low it is scooped into hollows, and where they are hi"h it iB lifted into hummocks. In this way asyt«ai of corrugated footpaths has been established. The City Surveyor may labour under certain restrictions, but ho is not obliged to pass such work as this. The aldermen in their wisdom may prefer sandstone, but if sand stone must be used it might at least be laid to proper levels. If people are to be allowed to put it down how and where thev nlcase might as well do without the" Surveyors' Department at all and save the £2250 a year. It is afarce to set poo pie to construct man traps in the street, and then pay a staff of officials to inspect them. The public have heard about " tho matcb- " box trick," the " three-card trick," and several other " trick3," but tho " coffin trick" is altogether a new revelation. A week or two ago we called attention to the fact that there appeared to be a system of coffin- snatching indulged in by an undertaker, bnt it seems that wo were induced to comment upon the matter rather too severely in conse quence of our ignorance of tho tricks of the undertaking trade — as that melancholy bnsi- 1H.-S3 13 tuuuuticu U) UIIU HI 111. 1L I nay J)g remembered that wc referred to the cose of a man who purchased a coffin in which to bury a child, and that he discovered that instead of getting what iie arrauged and paid lor the infant was squeezed into a box worth nbout Gd or n Is. Being under the impres sion thnt ho was unfairly treated, the father of the child brought the undertakers before the Police Court, the result being that the latter was fined £1, with the alternative of scvon days' imprisonment. The undertak ing firm consists apparently of father and son, and from the evidence of the former it appears that it is their custom to keep a child's coffin in stock, which tbey nominally sell, but in reality lend, charging the full Table of the coffin for the temporary use of it. The arrangement is, no doubt, a profitable one for tho undertaker, but it ia not a very satisfactory one for their nr. fortu nate customers. It appears, however, that the magistrates who adjudicated in the case do not consider that there is much harm ia " ringing the changes" after the fashion which it was admitted is the custom with the firm concerned. Whether other undertakers adopt the samo practice was not proved or dis proved, but it is to be hoped for the credit of the trade that the case in question is an exceptional one. The decision of the magis trates is rather peculiar. They inflicted a fine of £1 — for what ! Did they think that the undertaker stole the coffin, and thnt a small money penalty was a sufficient punishment for robbing Tka epan-laag, wee, iinclirlstea'd bairn ofi'-s coffin? Or did they consider that the custom of charging for a coffin and using a box is an illegitimate trick of the trndo which should be discouraged, but nttho same time mildly dealt with ? In this instance, it appears that their worships were not disposed to deal harshly with the defendant, but when they let him off so easily they should have intimated to him that in fature he should let it be understood that ho docs not soil the stock-coffin, but merely lets it out at so much per dead baby. For some time past tho Imperial Band has boon playing in llyilu 1'nrk, mid it is fair 10 assume, from tbo largo audiences it attracts, thnt it has afforded u great deal of enjoyment to the people. No doubt the Imperial Band will often betake themselves to this pleasant rssort. But a natural query is as to where is tho baud of tlio Permanent Force ? Once upon a time this musical body was wont to play oa Suturday afternoons in the Botanical Gardens, and a very civilising oJlccl was produced. Gentlcmon and Indies visited the environment of tho music stand, and conversed in soft tones touching all sorts of questions more or less remote from tho affairs of everyday life, which is tantamount to saying that they underwent a recreation process. Lately, however, the Per manent Forco Band bus not been heard except upon tho occasion of some State pageant The publio would like to know why. No doubt tho baud is not entirely a public institution. Some portion of the cost of maintaining it, we presume, falls upon the officers of the force, and probably also on tho men. Yot there would seem to be no valid reason why the band should not occasionally make itself heard in public. If only for the sake of increasing die efficiency of tho musicians this idea ought to be carriod out. Tho fact that they wore looked upon us a body of high-class musicians would as suredly tend to induce among the bandsmen an exjtril de corps and ail earnest desire to out shine other organisations of tho samo character. But how arc they to he recognised by the public if tlioy nro never heard by the public? Tho question is one that commends itsolf to the attention of tho authorities concerned, and it is to bo trusted that tho officials affoctcsl wall not neglect to look into the matter before the closo of tho fino season. The news from the Cape this morning is of a most alarming kind, but some consolation may be drawn from tho fact that it is incredible. It is stated that a desperate fight has taken place be- tween the British and the insurgent Boers, and that the former, were defeated. We must say that we do not believe the story, for if there is any thing that these Transvaal Boers are celebrated for it is a decided disinclination to engage in a desperate fight. It was principally because of their inability to protect themselves against tho aboriginal tribes that tho British had to annex them. They could neither stand against the native warriors nor run fast enough to es cape being killed ; yet they tried hard to do the tyrannical. They may have suddenly developed the degree of valour implied in the account; but we doubt it. If the news is true it only goes to prove tho mistake of the Imperial Government in not long since despatching troops to South Africa. From the first it was perfectly plain and clear that aid from England was a sine qua non of a speedy settlement of the colonial troubles. The long-needed assistance is now being furnished; if it had been extended three months' ago the South African communities would have long since been in a state of peace. The most distinguished woman of tho nineteenth century has departed this life. George Eliot (the literary pseudonym of Mrs. George H. Lewes, whose maiden name was Marian Evans), one of the- greatest of modern English novelists, was born near Dudley, in Warwickshire, about 1S20. The daughter of a dissenting minister, she was adopted by a rich clergyman and received an excellent school education, followed by tho tuition of Herbert Spencer. She thus learned German, French and Italian, became an accomplished musician and student of the fine arts, and acquired a taste for logic and metaphysics. Among her first literary efforts were translations of " Strauss's Leben Jesu " (1846), and of " Feuerbach's Wesen des Christenthums " (1S53). A follower of Ben- tham and J. S. Mill, she was early appointed joint- edjtor of the "Westminster Review." In 1857, however, she entered on her true career as a novelist by the publication of "Scenes of Clerical Life." This was followed in brilliant succession by 'Adam Bede " (1858), " The Mill on the Floss " 71359) " Silas Marner" (1S61), " Romola " (1863), "Felix Holt" (1866), " Middlemarch " (1872), and "Daniel Deronda" (1876). These works are all mainly distinguished by philosophic thought, in- tensity of unsectarian religious emotion, familiarity with the subtler processes of the mind, and with both the outer and inner life of English society, and a pure and strong sympathy with human nature. " Romola," in every way an exceptional work, is a picture of Florentine life in the period of Savonarola, showing high imaginative power and great special knowledge. Mrs. Lewis had a fine descriptive power, and a style at once eloquent and epigrammatic. A volume of racy analecta from works was issued by Alexander Main (Loud. 1S72). George Eliot wrote some fine poems, the longest, "The Spanish Gipsy" (IKS) ; the most powerful, " The Legend of Jutal" (1870) ; but it is ber novels that will give her a claim to be remembered as the most com manding genius that has appeared among women in the whole history of English literature. The city presented a very gay and bustling ap pearance last evening, and the streets were crowded to a late hour. The decorations which had been freely indulged in by many shopkeepers, added much to the brilliancy of the unwonted illumination. The markets were thronged with people who were eager to secure all the good things possible to add to the cheer which always graces the domestic board at this time of the year. Though there was an immense concourse of people in the streets, good order was preserved, and in Tery few instances were the police called upon to do their duty. The streets were still lively nt midnight wlien the " waits" were abroad and the ohurch bells ringing. The City Council nre making every effort to relieve the citizens of the discomfort arising from nnwatcred streets. The three-inch main attached to the pumping-enginc at the Market Wharf is now almost oomplcted as far as Cook Park. It will be carried right down to the junction of William and Boomerang-streets, whore a standpipe will be erected. A large number of water- carts will be charged at this point, and the effects of a service already appreciable will he extended to such a degree that the roadway usually sprinkled will have proper attention . The Railway Department appears to be pretty nearly as weak in the tralfie branch as it is in that of the construction. The whole of the overland passengers to Melbourne were "stuck up" at Al- boiy last night through the New South Wales train being two hours lnte. Cobb and Co. are usuallv equal to any emergency, but on this occa sion they were not. A clear hour was lost in making a start, and this, added to tho delay on the railway, sufficed to lose the train from Wodonga to Melbourne. There was great indig nation expressed when tho passengers found that they were likely to have to spend their Christmas on the Murray, nnd steps were at once taken to arrange for a specinl train. In another part of to-dayVpaper will be found an important correction of a Router's message pub lished in Australia in the last days of October. The telegram referred to stated that the well- known London newspaper, the Morning Post, had suspended owing to monetary difficulties. It now appears that the message referred to tho failure of n postal service between C'abul and India. The mistake is hardly pardonable, for it will be perceived that the sole basis upon which the message as published was built consisted in the words " Post failed," and it might have been assumed that if the journal in question hail really failed, a fuller description of the title of the paper, and some details of the event, would Wave bean supplied. However, as a rule Renter's people are remarkably accurate ; and Eince the proprietors of the Morning Port cannot sustain any loss from the error the affair may be regarded with leniency. A Madras telegram states that the Turkish route is interrupted beyond Fao, nnd that riw Teheran route is interrupted beyond Shiraz. Large consumers or eoai win uu gmu io iearii that the Wallsend Company Wave given notice that from the 1st January their selling price will be 8s per ton. This will be the means of enabling many large factories to push on their operations with renewed vigour, but it must not be forgotten that the reduction in price involves a correspond ing reduction in the rate of pay to the coal miners as agreed upon by the recently appointed arbitra tors. The breaking-up of St. John's School, Darling- hurst, took place on Tliursdnv last. The school was handsomely decorated with tlowers and Christmas trees, and a large number of ladies assembled to witness the proceedings. Some excellent glees and other description of music were rendered by the young people, after which the prizes were distri buted by the Rev. Thomas and Mrs, Lord and Mrs. Bcroggie. An address was then given by the Rev. T. Unydcn, incumbent of St. John's, and tho pro ceedings terminated with enthusiastic clapping of hands by the children. The prizes, which were of really valuable and interesting works, were se lected by Mr. S. J. Hardy, the head master, who Is deserving of credit for the orderly conduct and marked proficiency of his numerous pupils, A fino Christmas eve display was made by Mr. A. Huecerbein, jun., at his Royal l'ianoforte Ware house, til George-street. The establishment, splendidly stocked with beautiful instruments from the finest English, German, nnd French makers, was most artisticully deoorateil with flags, flowers, pictures, and Christmas, Chinese and other lanterns. There was not only some thing good to see, but also to hear, for the German hand, stationed upstairs, melodiously performed n number of the selections which are so agreeably associated with this excellent body of players. There was, besides, tn the intervals between the band selections, the pianoforte nnd organ duet« of Mr. Haeucrbcin anil Mr. W. Turner, organist of St. Paul's Cathedral, Melbourne, who is ot present on a visit to Sydney. Tbe instrumental concert was a musical success of a high order, and gavo much pleasure to the very large number of promenaders in George-street on Christmas ere, hundreds of whom were attracted to and inspected the warehouse, and its handsome contents. About half-past 6 o'clock yesterday afternoon a fine horse nttnehed to a buggy belonging to Mr. Grothc took fright, and not being under control, dashed down George-street at a terrific pace. Opposite Messrs. I'eate and Harcourt's establish- ment the vehicle capsized and brought the animal to the ground. Some persons at once secured the horse's head and released him from the harness. It is feared that the poor brute will have to lie destroyed, owing to the severity of some injuries to its hind legs. The buggy wbb very much damaged. The little boy Richard Pumpa, son of Mrs. Mary Pumpa, who died last Tuesday, is a fine child of nearly 10 months of age. "Our readers (says the Border Pott) are aware of tbe tragical inci dent connected with this little waif's introduction to tho public notice. They will have read of the dastardly and murderous attack upon the mother, of her flight through the busli carrying the infant, and suffering such dreadful wounds in her head and in her chest us to make it almost incredible that any woman could accomplish the journey, nnd of her arrival with the babe unharmed at tbe house of her neighbour Mrs. Douglass. This good woman did all that was required of her at the time, nnd took the unfortunate pair into her house and attended to them. And when the mother, Mrs. Pumpa, died in Albury Hospitnl, her last words to her friend in distress, Mrs. Douglass, who was then by her bedside, were " Take care of tlie child." Mrs. Douglass, nt tlie police investigation last Thursday, deposed to these facts, and added thnt she " intended to carry out the poor dead mother's behest, and would do justice to tbe buy." One necessary result of the opening of the St. Gothard railway tunnel will be the closing of the St. Gothard hospice (says a home paper). Origi- nally built in the fifteenth century, it was swept away b7. an avalanche towards the close of the eighteenth, to be rebuilt on a larger seale and in a more massive style. It was ransacked by Jlas- sena's soldiers, in 1799, the building subsequently almost falling to ruin. It was, however, restored, and has since been constantly open to travellers of the poorer kind. Its principal visitors were bands of workmen from Upper Italy, as many as 100 being sometimes lodged in a single night. From £wi» workman w Jweigaew ymUot were bat lew, although the average total of visitors for the year was from IS, 000 to 20,000. In spite of nn annual grant from the Italian Government, the resources of the place were but slender, and the director did not scorn to add to them every year by means of a begging tour through the various Swiss cantons. His occupation has now gone, and the workmen who used to march wearily up to the hospice will be carried through the mountain underneath it for the snm of one franc. Large numbers of Maoris continue to troop up to I'arihaka. Many of them (says the Ilawera Star) appear anxious to settle up in thnt district, and wished to sell their horses before sbifting, but Te Whiti has forbidden them to do so, and most of them still obey the prophet's orders. Those who ltave passed the men fencing along the main road on the land last sold appear to believe that the Government is doing ttie work, and say, " All right ; the Government make the fences for us by and by." Up to witbin the last day or two, it was generally assumed that tho next block of land would sell at a much lower average than the last. Now, however, we hear of one new comer, who says that he would be willing to buy 1000 acres at the same price as tlie last block was sold for -, and one or two other men with money are anxious to secure good-sized farms. We Star) should greatly prefer to see the land taken up in blocks of from 100 to 300 or 350 acres ; nevertheless, the presence of two or three purchasers anxious to secure a group of adjoining sections, is almost sure to raise the average price of the land sold considerably above the npect. What on earth (asks the Wellington Chroniolo) is the meaning of all these guards of honour that haunt his Excellency Sir Arthur Gordon.' If he holds a Irctr, or attends a theatre, a volunteer company is always handy to celebrate the occa sion. Happily, the other night nn amusing scene occurred at the Theatre Royal which should have a little effect in putting an end to such exhibitions. A popolar captain of one of the volunteer com panies had been down to put his men through their facings, and at the conclusion of the drill he left in his carriage for the Royal. Now, tlie Guards were drawn up at the door awaiting the arrival of his Excellency, and Sergeant-major I.ovedale, espying the cocked hat of the captain as the car riage drove up to tbe door, made sure the Governor had arrived, and in a stentorian voice cried, " Shoulder arms ! I'rcscnt arms !" and at the same moment the band struck up " God save tbe Queen." The captain got out, lifted his hat to the men for the distinguished honour, nnd entered the theatre. A few minutes afterwards Sir Arthur arrived, and the ceremony was repented. Ketten is not succeeding very well in Dtincdin, and his playing would seem to be too costly an en joyment for the present impoverished state of New Zealand. The Otago Da ily A'etrs savs : — " We must confess to a feeling of surprise that Duncdin lias done so little justice to .Mr. Ketten. Within the present year we have had two instances of visitors offering high-class entertainments who have not only been well patronised, but who have had occasion to compliment our city folks upon the extent of their patronage. We refer, of course, to Camilla Crso and to Mr. Proctor. The former of these comes more justly into comparison v.ith our present visitor, and 6nrely she was so well received ns to justify a fond belief that Dunedin bad nt any rate an average degree of appreciation for high-class music ; yet the patronage Mr. Kotten is receiving is disappointing in the extreme. Thnt this is so is extraordinary for a variety ot reasons-. One is that the piano is so common an instrument, nnd one which in every family is a household ne cessity nearly. How many people in Dnnedin play the piano a little ; but certainly none of them can know of what the instrument is capable until they have heard such an artist as Ketten. It sur prises us, therefore, that the Garrison Hall does not nightly see full audiences, instead of the meagre 300 persons or so who do assemble. On Thursday night Thomas Saunders, a middle- aged litbonrer, was met in George-street much to his displeasure by Sergeant lliggins, who nsked him where ho got soma valuable brahmapootra and bantam fowls which he was carrying in a hag. Tho man said he bought the poultry from a mail at Circular Quay, but he failed to find the vendor when the officers gave him the opportunity, nnd he was accordingly locked up. Yesterday morning it transpired that tbe prisoner had licen paying a visit to the hen roost of Mr. Hcmmcngough, of Lower Fort-itrect, who identified the fowls Higgins had recovered ns a portion of his prize stock. Baunders was sent to gaol for two months by the Water l'olice Magistrates. In liis haste to decamp with a lnrgcr number of tbe liiril6 than the bag would hold lie had crushed one of them to death. Rfirnncl TflHnnn. r»f tho RiihIit lintel, ftotanr. street, yesterday applied nt the Water l'olice Court for permission to transfer his license to new premises, situate at Wilton-street, Strawberry Hills. Owing to the police having giveu notice of their objection that the latter building did not contain tlie accommodation required by the Act, Mr. Hourigan, the applicant's solicitor, applied for a postponement, in order to allow of additional rooms being added. Sergeant Lawless consented ; but the Reach refused to put off the hearing, and indeed they were in doubt ns to whether it would not be discourteous to the Bench of the Central l'olice, who' had previously refused to grant the license, for them to entertain the application nt nil, whereupon Mr. Hourigan protested sharply that tho administration of justice was Icing abused. Ultimately, the magistrates heard the evidence, and decided not to taction the rcmovnl. In accordance with the 14th Section of the Electoral Act, the Water l'olice Magistrates yester day appointed the following officers and police to collect and revise the voting lists for the districts mentioned — viz, East Sydney: Sub-inspector Anderson, Sergeant Logan, Senior-constable Day and Constables Miller and Baxter. St. Leonards : Sub-inspector Johnson, Sergeant Abercrombie, Senior-constables Kirby and Carton, and Constable Long. Balmaln : Sub-inspector Anderson, Ser geant Boyil and Constables M'Donald, Ross and Johnston. Paddington : Sub- inspector Waters, Sergeant Long, Senior-canttubic Hogan and the local constables of Kandwick, Wavcrley and Watson's Bay. Tho revised rolls will have to be completed by tbo 2Sth January. The work will commence on tbe 3rd proximo. The warning given by the municipal authorities against tlie wasting of water would appear to require something even more pre-sureahle than the fear of a water famine to enforce in some quarters. About 20 persons were informed ngairi6t nt the Water l'olice Court yesterday by David C. Robertson, inspector of the water service, for leaving taps turned on or allowing tbem to leak, and the defendants were lined 20 s, with 3s costs, although some of them did not appear. A wheel wright named James Smith, of Gipps and Barker streets, was charged with wasting tlie water by not only using it clear from the tap for cooling the tires which were made in bis yard, but for letting it run over the cask, which was kept full, into tbe drain. There was some dirty water at hand, but it was not employed. The defendant, through his solicitor (Mr. T, M. SInttery) took the objection that the proceedings were informal, as the Inspector did not prove his appointment giving him power to tile the informa tion. In reply the City .Solicitor, Mr. Murriman, who prosecuted in all the cases, contended that it was qnite sufficient for the purposes of tiie prosecution that he was an authorised officer of tlie Corporation. The Bench took a fortnight to con sider tlie objection. On Wednesday afternoon a meeting of the ministers of religiou resident in Sydney nnd the suburbs, representing the different Evangelical De nominations, was held in the rooms of the Young Men's Christian Association, to innkc arrangements for a week of united prayer at the beginning of the year. The Rev. S. Wilkinson presided, and tbe llev. W. Moore White, I-L.D., was requested to act ns lion. sec. It was unanimously resolved to hold united meetings for prayer in the Temperance Hall during the week commencing 3rd January, IS81. Tlie list of special subjects suggested by the Evangelical Alliance was adopted, and it was resolved to reqnest the heads of the various Evan gelical denominations to preside on alternate even ings. The necessary arrangements for each meet ing were made, and the city ministers present agreed to dispense with their usual week night ser vices during the above week, and to request their congregations to attend the united services. Mr. Roberts and Mr. Carroll applied in support of an application made to the Central Licensing Bench yesterday for the transfer of the license held by William Irving to Adam Orr. Sub-inspec tor AI'Kay presented objections to tlie application, on the ground thnt the applicant, Orr, had not kept the Double Bay Royal Hotel, Woollahra, in a propor manner during liia tenancy of it, having been several times fined. During the address of Mr. Roberts, one of tlie magistrates, Mr. Falser, engaged in conversation with another of the gentlemen on the Bencb. Mr. Roberts nsked if bis Worship could hear what he was eaying, Mr. Falser replied that he could. Mr. Rolierts then Baid that when he was at college one of the maxims impressed upon htm was that wbea oae gentleman was addressing another, and that other entered into conversation during the address, it was to be considered tbe height of rudeness. The proceed ings terminated in the application being granted. The other licensing business was of an uninteresting character. Eliza Bernard, a married woman, was charged at the Central Police Court yesterday, with having stolen tbe sum of £4 16s belonging to John Cooper. Tlie prosecutor stated that on the pre vious day he had returned from Double Bay, when the prisoner asked him to " shout" for her as it was Xmas time. He treated her and afterwards went to bed, placing his trousers, in the pocket of which was his money, under his pillow. He lay there about a conpte of hours asleep, when, to use his own words, he was "awakened oy his pillow." This being explained meant that the prisoner was getting at his trousers. He saw her take the money and go off with it. The prisoner altogether denied tbe charge, and the case was remanded to allow her to bring witnesses todisprove prosecutor's statement, bail being allowed. The new bye- law recently passed by the City Council in order to keep the footways of the city thoroughfares clean, is being rigorously employed by Inspector Seymour. The nymphs of the pari who congregate in King-street after nightfall were dealt with wholesale at the Water Police Court yesterday, nearly 20 of them being fined 10s and £1 for lounging in this favourite haunt of theirs. Those who were brought up for the second time were mulcted in the larger penalty, with the option of finding a week in gaol, four days' detention being awarded to the others in default of payment. The bye-law is more stringent in regnnl to this offence than the police offences statute, which only makes offenders liable after they hare disobeyed the order of a constable to " more on." Ah Loyc, a Chinaman, was brought before the Central l'olice Court magistrates yesterday, on a charge of having embezzled three sums — £4 2s, £4 Is 9d, and £S lis — belonging to his employer, Master Gin Kee. The evidence of the apprehend ing constable having been given, the cases were remanded for a week, bail being allowed. A letter received by Mr. Crane nt the Central Police Court yesterday, shows that some, at least, are alive to the wants of the poor in the midst of general Christmas festivities. It ran as follows : — " Messrs. Griffiths and Co. present tlicir compli ments to the l'olice Magistrate, nnd have the plea sure to hand u cheque for £5, as a donation to tbe poo: box. At the breaking-up of the Bonrke-strect school, Woolloomooloo, the pnpils embraced tho oppor tunity of presenting the head master, Mr. P. D. M'Cormiek, with a Christmas present, in the shape of a vory handsome walnut writing-desk. A ncatlv prepared address was read by Master John M'Mnf- litis, one of the boys, nnd tlie desk was banded over by Miss Annie C'hallinor, one of tho elder girl.-. The master replied in appropriate terms to all their good wishes, and thanked them for this display of kindly spirit. The youngsters were bent on enjoying their holidays, and after dis tributing the certificates and medals gained for ex- hibitsat the Garden Falacc, nnd singing "Advance Australia Fair" in fine stylo, they were dismissed, with three cheers, fat the holidays. Soon after it transpired that the Victorian Go vernment had determined to reduce the salaries of the President and Cierk of tha Legislative Council, that House appointed n select committee to inquire into and report upon Parliamentary usage in matters relating to the position nnd emo luments of its officers. This committee (says the Argus) brought up its report on Tuesday, which is to the following effect In England the salary of the Speaker of the House of Commons is fixed by Act of Parliament ; but here there is no permanent pecuniary provision for the offices of I'residont or Chairman of Committee of tbe Council. Tbe B'lary of the President, which was originally £1200 a year, was reduced to £1000, and a further reduction was now intimated. Aftoi stating that this pronations position of its chief officers is incompatible with tho dignity nnd inde- jKindence of the House, the report recommends an nddre.-s to the Governor, praying him to cause a Bill to be introduced into Parliament for amending and enlarging schedule D of the Constitution Act, so as to embrace all the salaries and expenses necessary for permanently securing the efficiency and independence of the Council. As to tbe salary ot the clerk ami other subordinate officers of the House, it is stated that they are charged on tlie civil list, and are not subject to Parliamentary control. With regard to the mode of appointment of officers of the House, the" oora-. mittce suggest the passing of a resolution similar to one passed in the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales in I860, to tho effect that all the CiCrKb ana oiuur oiuccrs ui uie jiuuk; rmuuj lw appointed by tlie Executive on tho nomination of the .Speaker. Yesterday morning an address and silver watch nnd chain was presented to Mr. Thomas Ilurloy by a number of gentlemen who travel in the omnibus drirco by bim between Sydney nnd Bourke-strect. Surry Jli'lls. The address expressed their satisfac tion with his attention aud civility, nnd tho pre sentation was gratefully acknowledged by the re cipient. The Christmas number of The. Australian is an exceptionally interesting one. It deals chiefly in ghosts, wraiths nnd apparitions. The story of " Fisher's Ghost" is given in a full, true and par ticular manner, but not without embellishments, and wheu the reader has studied himself, or most likely, herself, Into a proper frame of mind, there is " The vampire race," " The vision of life," and nine other similarly cheerful subjects to be discussed. In case the letterpress should not be equal to the occasion, the editor has added 25 il lustrations of ghosts and goblins wandering about in the dead of night. There are also some church yard scenes in wliicb the corpses have refased to sleep as corpses ought to do, nnd views of horse men galloping recklessly through dark woods to get nwny from " horrible shrieks" that tha artist could not sketch, and which have therefore to be left to the imagination of the reader. Tbe number is one that ought to " fetch" the lovers of tbe super natural, and, if carefully perused, it may be guaranteed to produce nightmare. The Australian Sportsman of to-day is, if any thing. better than the first number. It is nn ad mirable compilation, nnd shoahl command success. It may lie noted that the proprietors have deter- mined to present the rider of the winner of Tatter- sail's Club Cup with a handsomely-mounted whip. The Good Templars will hold a picnic at Cre- morne on Monday next. This is the demonstration that was postjioned from the Prince of Wales' Birthday. From the strenuous exertions put forth by the committee, no doubt every preparation will be made for tbe convenience and enjoyment of all who will l The Young Australian Band will perform the following selections in the Botanical Gardens, at 3 o'clock, this afternoon : — 1\. March— " Iu Paratilso" .. — .. Newton 2\. Gloria— (Moon's lath Mass) 3\. Selection—' " 1 Lomhardi" Yrrfll J. Soldier's Cb"nu- fi. Selection—" Hurlruna" Wallace S. Anthem— (Sghor'c Crucifixion) 7\. Selection—1 " Mat! of Artoia" . . .. .. Bolfc a. Quadrille — " Prima Donna- Caotc ». Valsa— ' Jlon Itcve" Waldieuft 10 Galop—- Phantom" Hardy \- God Save tlo Queen." In the Victorian Assembly on Tuesday, Mr. A. T. Clark disclosed the name of the agricultural machinery firm which is alleged to have systema tically defrauded the Customs department for years past. It is (says the Argus) that of Messrs. Win. Shuttleworth and Co., the local representa tives of the well-knotvn English firm of Clayton, Shuttleworth nnd Co. Late on Monday afternoon, Mr. Clark reduced the amount of the fine which he bad imposed from £1500 to £1000, and this was at once paid. The firm are accused of having for four years systematically undervalued tbe machinery imported by tbem, and to have omitted from their invoices a number of dutiable goods which they received, such as wheels, reversing gear, and other portions of engines. The loss to the revenue must have been very considerable. The amount of the fine was determined upon the value of the machinery in the bonded store be longing to the firm, it being alleged that all the machinery in this store bad been entered nt an under value. The fraud was discovered a few weeks ago, when an engine was removed from bond and sent up to Eehuea. On this one engine nloni! it is estimated that the revenue had been defrauded ot £183 Is 9d. The Speaker of the Victorian Assembly came into unfortunate collision on Tuesday with the leaders of tho House. The votes arrival at in committee of supply (observes the Argus), were re ported to the House in divisions, and when Mr. Kcrferd called attention .to an item at the bottom of tho page, the Speaker would not allow Mr. Francis to go hsek to an item at the top. Mem bers contended that they could refer to any item until tbe division was disposed of, but the Speaker would not give way, and, as a consequence, each individual item bad to be put separately. Mr. Berry pleaded for the resumption of the old prac- tice, and so did Mr, Service, hat the Speaker was firm as adamant. For a time Mr. Bent, amid general laughter, challenged each item, and kept the Speaker bobbing up and down like a fish-float, putting the questions separately, and the result was that, after a wasted hour, the Speaker's prac tice had to be abandoned, aud tbe House travelled its own course. Tbe Amalgamated Tailors will engage in a picnic to Chowder on January 3. The city and suburban clergy, of the Church of England will wait upon the Bishop of Sydney on Tuesday at 3, to consider tbo propriety of setting apart a special time of prayer for rain. The Art Gallery will be closed to-day until 2 o'clock, when it will be re-opened to the public. A good programme is arranged for the Clontarf visitors on Boxing Day. We have been asked to state that the report of the distribution of prises at the Congregational School, Bunvood, was supplied without die knowledge or consent of the superintendent, Miss Bntterfield. Tbe school is a strictly private one, and the management have no desire that its proceedings should be made public. ' 