THE SOCIAL KALEIDOSCOPE. By Pasquin No. 2. The George-Street Coffee Palace. 'Sdeath, I'll print it, and shame the fools. POPE. Ep. to Dr. Arbuthnot. Ils en font choux gras.* —French Proverb. And what is writ is writ— Would it were worthier. — Byron. Childe Harold. Il will be, perchance, a matter of some surprise to the readers of this journal, that I should devote an entire sketch to such a comparatively unimportant, institution as that which forms the heading of this article. Yet, when they come to consider that, the leading Sydney newspaper, together with its host of petty parasites, have» both since the issuing of the prospectus, and after the floating of the company, lost no opportunity of glorifying the Coffee Palace, buttering the directors, extolling the paid officers, and puffing the whole thing generally, surely I may humbly follow on the same side, and sound my little journalistic clarion, even though its blare be drowned by the fanfarronade of the Morning Muffin. The Sydney Mail of October 4th contains a long article on, and two indifferently executed woodcuts of, the Coffee Palace Hotel. The descriptive sketch is of that peculiar description known in Parisian 'newspapers as a réclame. That, of course, the directors should receive some return for the fifty guineas they expended with the Mail is only right and proper; nevertheless, it is somewhat amusing to find the journal in question endeavouring to glorify what is merely a prosaic commercial speculation, launched by hard-headed and close-fisted men of the world — such as Roseby, Goodlet, Lees, and others — into a disinterested action for the undying benefit of a grateful community. The writer in the Mail, after half a column or so of unliquidated ' gush,' wipes the drops of distilled genius from his brow, and lowers himself down to plain statistics, and to 'supplying the letter press' to the advertising illustrations. He says — alluding to the occupation by the Coffee Palace Company of Messrs. Keep and Parson's premises : — ' The transformation of these extensive ware- house premises into a modern hotel of first-class character has been effected by Mr. William Hardy (contractor), under the supervision of Mr. Thomas Rowe (architect). The furniture has been supplied by Messrs. Farmer and Co., and the decorations have been executed by Messrs. Watson and Sons, who deserve a compliment for tho suceess they have achieved. In altering and furnishing about £4500 has been expended. This is stout- hearted philanthropy .' Personally, I fail to see exactly where the ' stout- hearted philanthropy' comes in, consider- ing that the Coffee Palace is merely a temperance hotel and restaurant, which feeds the general public at a slightly higher charge than nine-tenths of the other Sydney eating-houses — ' temperance'' or otherwise. Looking at the prospectus, I see that the capital of the company is £6000 (since raised to £12,000), all, long since, fully paid up, and that the directors are as follow ; — P. P. Fletcher, Esq., of Messrs. Fletcher Bros., Park-street. William Clarice, Esq., J.P., E. S. and A. C. Bank, Pitt-street. G. Anderson, Esq., of Geo. Anderson and Co., Pitt-street. Dr. W. W. J. O'Reilly, Liverpool-street. B. James, junr., Esq., of Barker and James, Market-street. J. H. Goodlet, Esq., of Messrs. Goodlet and Smith, George-street. J. Roseby, Esq., M.L.A., George-street. ? J. W. Watkin, Esq., Secretary, Sydney Perma- nent Building Society. P. R. Holdsworth, Esq., Temperance Hall. Rev. J. Barnier, St. Barnabas' Church, George stroet. J. S. Godwin, Esq., Castlereagh-street. E. Hogben, Esq., of Messrs. Barrett and Co., Castlereagh-street. S. E. Lees, Esq., 174 Pifct-sfcreet. Of this directory of 'Esquires,' it is pleasing to notice how comparatively few of the members are directly interested in supplying goods to the philanthropical institution which they proudly claim to have called into being ! Positively, out of thirteen directors, only seven are in a position to confer upon the Coffee Palace the inestimable boon of supplying it with their own goods at their own prices. Well may the Mail man exclaim with poetic fervour : ' This is indeed stout-hearted philanthropy !' Let us first take [Literal translation : They are making a good thing out of it. Here is a specimen of one of those puffs, translated from the Paris Figaro On Thursday last the snow fell, enveloping the city like a cloud, and as it fell upon the side-walks, coruscating and glittering with myriad sparkles. What then does this suggest? Why, that for the small sum of 100 frs. Madame Angelique, of the Rue Vivienne, will supply an adorable costume that will resist the severest temperature.] S. E. Lees, Esq. This 'disinterested vessel' reminds me of ' Brother Tadger,' secretary of of the Brick Lane Disinterested Branch Temperance Association in Pickwick, who, by way of demonstrating his disinterestedness, ' sold tea to the members .' Well, as may well be imagined, S. E. Lees, Esq., does the company's printing, and thus it may be not inaptly said of him — ' With one hand he puts A penny in the urn of temperance, And with the other takes a shilling out.' By the same token P. R. Holdsworth, Esq., and P. P. Fletcher have a supply of ovens, stoves, and ironmongery at the service of the es- tablishment; E. Hogben, Esq., cordial and aerated waters ; J. H. Roseby, Esq., mantle pieces and tomb stones ; B. James, Junr., Esq., groceries and flour ; and Majah (!) Goodlet has, it is reported, supplied the contractors, and will doubtless in future supply them, with the timber for building and general alterations and embel- lishments. I am also informed that each director has his cows milked in turn, and thus is able to be philanthropical, and to turn an honest penny by his ' prime milkers ' at the same time. I do not, however, endorse this. I hardly think even J. Roseby, Esq., would have the 'face' to dispense the ' milk of human kindness ' to this extent — good as he is ! The Coffee Palace Hotel is practically under the supervision of three paid officials : the Manager, Mr. Hughes ; the Assistant Manager, Mr. Hunt- ley ; and the Secretary, Mr. Meldrum ; while the staff is numerically as follows : — twenty wait- resses, chief cook and five assistants, housekeeper and three housemaids, four pantrymen, and a barmaid. The aggregate weekly salaries of these people is as nearly as I am able to judge £63 14s ; and the division of the spoil is thus : — manager, per week, £6 ; assistant manager, £4; secretary, £3 chief cook, £7 ; seven other cooks varying in salaries — say £20 ; barmaid, £1 ; five pantrymen at £1 5s each — £6 5s ; twenty-five waitresses, at 16s — £20; housekeeper, £1 15; three housemaids, at 14s each — £2 2s ; two pages at 10s each ; total, £63 14a. So much for statistics. The Coffee Palace contains four dining-saloons, a billiard-room, a ladies' retiring-room, a smok- ing-room, and fifty sleeping apartments, which are rented out at 10s 6d per week. The kitchen and other offices are at the basement, and, indeed, I can say with truth, that owing to the defective ventilation of the dining- rooms, their presence there is very acutely felt. Taking it as a whole, the Coffee Palace is decorated with considerable taste, and is well furnished as to the lower portion of the premises. The bed-rooms, however, are small, close, and meanly appointed, those on the second floor, lighted by gas, being so dark that they resemble rat holes illuminated by a glow-worm. The officials of the Coffee Palace may truly be termed remarkable-looking men. That is to say, when once you have beheld them, they haunt your vision by day, and your dreams by night for a year or two. Mr. Hughes, the manager, is a puffy-faced gentleman, in a silk coat, and a profuse perspiration. His principal duty seems to be to plant his portly form in the way of everybody. He does not consider it worth his while to be civil to anyone requiring informa- tion ; but when conversing with the directors, the spirit of adulation quavers in his every tone. To tell the truth, I don't think Mr. Hughes's situation agrees with him. There is an acquired dulness about his eyes, and inertness and lassitude in his movements, which, even to the non- medical observer, tell how the adulterated ether of cheap cooking, which he constantly inhales, is telling on his sensitive system. Mr. Huntley, the assistant-manager, is somewhat younger, and reminds one, at a very great distance off, of Lord Byron — not on account of his facial linea- ments resembling those of the deceased noble bard, for they don't! — but because he wears an eighteen-penny smoking- cap, with a moulting tas- sel. Mr. H.'s mission is to stalk about amongst the girls, glare fiercely at terrified pantrymen, and pick his remaining teeth with a german-silver toothpick. No one appears to have the faintest idea where Mr. Huntley came from. Like the hero of the poem he seems — ' A glitt'ring vision there to stand, Unknown to all throughout the land; Aud yet that brow, that flashing eye Were symbols grand of majesty.' All this of course is put metaphorically. Seri- ously, however, I cannot compliment Mr. Huntley upon aping the pasha to the extent of a pseudo- Asiatic coiffure ; but if he will do it, for good- ness' sake let the directors club together and buy him a new eighteen-penny worth of Oriental splendour ! Tho socretary, Mr. Meldrum, is a mere shadow of his former self. I don't quite know what his former self was, but I risk this statement, because it is quite impossible for Mr. M. to have ever been any thinner than he is at present. Evidently he does not thrive on Coffee-Palace rations. I expect he has seen the scullery-men , and is disillusioned ! Or per- haps he has seen the manager trifling with the milk, and that has broken his heart. He's not looking well, any how ; but don't let him be offended ; for what saith Terence ? — ' Nosse haee omnia salus est adoleseentulis.' The first meal that I ever took in the Coffee Palace was tea. I went there about half-past six, and 'glancing over the bill of fare, hailed a passing waitress, and said, ' Stewed veal and peas.' But she passed on, and took no notice. The next moment a tall, dark young lady came tripping along from the other end, and I gave her a hail, and pronounced ' Stewed veal and peas' for the second time. But she only smiled sweetly and murmured, ' Not my tables,' and passed on, leaving me still a hungered. I waited for a few moments, gnawing savagely at my bread. By-and- by the right one did come along ; a short, dark little party, dressed in the regulation uniform— black stuff dress, white apron and cap, aud boots the shape of candle boxes. She stopped the next table to me, and handed some gay trifler a glass of milk. As she did so he took hold of the tumbler where her hand was and gave it a very perceptible squeeze. Then he whispered something, and she bent down and nodded. Then he whispered again and she nodded again. This by-play becom- ing monotonous, I beckoned to her like the ghost beckons to Hamlet . On this she tore herself away from her youthful admirer, and standing before me, said, ' What's for you ?' ' Stewed veal and peas,' I murmured. 'That's off,' she said. ' Curried lamb, then,' I hazarded. She was moving away, when another waitress, who had heard the order, shrilly ejaculated — ' Curried lamb's off.' I then clutched at haricot mutton, and away went my Gannymede after it ; only to return, however, to inform me that 'they'd just served the last of it.' The result of course was steak, of which I was served a block, that defied successfully every dental assault. Like Gibraltar, it was impregnable. The next day, I went to the saloon upstairs, in which an extra charge of sixpence (I think) is made, so as to keep it more select. You only get the same viands up there as in the saloon below, but then you have the pleasant sensation of feel- ing that you are select. I noticed several members of the aristocracy ' diving into the tucker ' in this patrician saloon. First there was ' Pastor ' Allen committing an unfelonious assault on chops and tomatoes ; then there was Mr. E. Lewis Scott, hiding away, with magical celerity, roast pork and apple-sauce. Seated at the same table with me was a dark man, with a large extent of whisker, who ap- peared to be on terms of great intimacy — not to say familiarity — with the somewhat angular ' lady-help,' at one of whose tables we sat. I watched this gentleman with some interest, be- cause an idea came into my head that I had seen him out at Randwick in days gone by, wearing a calico jockey-jacket, and standing upon a gin case, bawling ' Two to one bar — r — r one' — 'I'll lay, I'll lay, I'll lay !' and other professional cries. Indeed, I had a kind of hazy recollection that on one occasion he 'lay'd' two points over the quoted odds on the ' Metrop. ' ; got up six half-crown sweeps, and then, having no further interest in the meeting, gracefully retired : and after the race the men who had drawn the winner in sweeps, went groping about the course looking for him with bludgeons. Well, this hirsute individual had soup, twice fish, entree, joint, twice pie, and various etceteras. As I was wondering where he could possibly have made the ' rise ' which would justify him in indulging in such a Balthazzar-like banquet, and consider- ing whether he would have to leave his ' slinter ' watch-guard, the waitress came up and gave him a ticket. What the ticket amounted to I cannot of course say ; all I know is, that when my friend received it, a beaming smile illuminated his features, and he retired, apparently well pleased with the extreme smallness of the charge. Another trick greatly in vogue amongst mem- bers of the hard-up club is this : — To enter the saloon on the ground floor, call for all the delicacies of the season, and when the waitress hands you your ticket, carelessly stroll up to the saloon above, walk into the billiard-room, whistle in a dégagé manner, and then either ' leave ' by the ladies' staircase, or else return downstairs, and when accosted by the lady who handles the ' spons,' say — ' paid up-stairs,' and humming the ' Sweet Little Buttercup,' pass airily out. The waitresses at the Coffee Palace, are, with a few exceptions, of pikestaffian plainness. They are chosen apparently for the complexion of their creed. A ' daughter of temperance '' is sure of a billet. It is amusing to watch the by-play of these young women ; how they ogle their favourite customers ; the glances they dart a droite et a gauche as they bear the romantic tripe and onions to some hungry swain. Each one prises in her own peculiar style, and the effect of the whole resem- bles a platform of clockwork figures considerably out of repair. I will conclude this article by giving to the world a song I have composed ; my inspiration being drawn from the spirit of philanthropy which has actuated the board of directors of the Coffee Palace, in establishing an eating-house which is utterly beyond the means of the needy, and was not re- quired by the rich. I make it a free present to the Coffee Palace directory — not even reserv- ing to myself the copyright of a lyric, which should outlive in popularity ' The Babies on our Block.' Here we go, then : — THE THIRTEEN PHILANTHROPISTS. A Lay of the Coffee Palace. [To be sung by Mr. P. R. Holdsworth at the next Temperance Hall concert. Admittance Free.] It came to pass, about last May, That thirteen benevolent men, All on the philanthropic lay Did meet together, when As with one voice they cried out ' Shall us Start a lovely Coffee Palace ?' [Chorus.] - There was Goodlet, O'Reilly, Holdsworth, Lees, Barnier, Hogben, Roseby, James, Fletcher, Clarke, and if you please Godwin, Watkins — oh, what names ! — Anderson G. — that ends the list — Each man a true philanthropist. They met together, and they told Each other what good men they were ; They scorned the thought of making gold, But merely wished to do a fair . And honest thing — avaunt all malice ! — .. And start a lovely Coffee .Palace. [Chorus.] 'Twas done ere half-an-hour they'd tarried, And then S. Lees quick threw a hint in, Quoth he—' As this fair motion's carried, I think I'll tender for the printing.' (Loud cheers.) Then each with brimming chalice Of water drank—' The Coffee Palace. [Chorus.] Then Hogben up and says, says he, ' The cordials, hoys, then I'll supply,' ? '? And howled B. James — ' The grocery I've all the time had in my eye.' On which tlie others shrieked — ' Let all us Sell something to our Coffee Palace.' [Chorus] . - So then they called for pen and ink ; At the prospectus all do hammer, Excepting Hogben, who, I think, Had mislaid all his early grammar. Read that prospectus — Lord! how tall is , Those scribes' style of the Coffee Palace, ..; [Chorus.] -_?' And so — Vogue la galore ! Messrs. Cowan and Co., Wynyard Square, have issued a small pamphlet upon the cultivation, manufacture, and adulteration of tea, in which we are informed that the adulteration practised in China is something alarming, also that the prin cipal of this adulterated tea is sent to the colo nies. Why doesn't John Davies, or the gifted sculptor, Michael Angelo Roseby, or some other distiguished tea-meeting man, see to this matter ? Bub we forgot, both these gentle men are in the Coffee Palace concern. However, this subject will make a good sub-leader for 'the smaller Herald of the afternoon,' for there is not the slightest doubt aboub ib, that this wholesale adulteration is due to the rapid progress of Jesuitism in China. Those Jesuits ! they are at it again. Mr. Frederick Stewart, representative of a large London firm at the Garden Palace, was standing with a friend on Friday in the Fijian court. Seeing that his friend was examiniag some pocket-books exhibibed bhere wibli the inten tion of purchasing one, Mr. Stewart produced his own (a very handsome one made of morocco) and advised him to wait until he could get one like it. Mr. Stewart then replaced his pocket-book and with his friend lefb bhe courb. The exhibitor, seeing Mr. Sbewarfc putting the article in his pocket, followed him and gave him in charge. After explanations, etc., he was released. It is stated that he intends to bring an action against the exhibitor and bhe policeman who took him into custody. A deputation inberviewed Mr. Lackey, re cently, asking that the Great Northern Railway be connected via Newcastle and Wallsend through Ryde to the Northern shores of Port Jackson. In replying, Mr. Lackey said that the bridges in course of erection would not be strong enough to bear the heavy coal traffic, and that the alteration would involve a cost of £500,000. Tiie Colonial Secretary was treated to a visit from quite an army of representatives of the various suburban municipalities last week, who wanted to see him about ' that little matter of endowment.' With his usual magnificent placidity, and delightful official deportment, the gallant knight, in liis charming and characteristic epigrammatic style, 'shut up' the 'humble petitioners ' by informing them in the sweetest of sweet accents, that he would give the matter his earliest consideration. Mb. Henry Hudson, the newly-elected Mayoi* of Redfern, enterbained a large number of gentlemen, including Mr. D. O'Connor, M.L.A., Messrs. John Sutherland, John Williamson, J.P., Larcome, Collins, Alderman Stanley, Williamson, Fair, Young, O'Connell, and M'Loughlan, on Friday evening, February 13th, at a banquot, in tho Town Hall, Redfern. The Sydnoy Amateur Sailing Club races' foi' 22 and 18 feet boats were competed for on Satur day last. The former was won by Syren, and the latter by Bacchante. The rowing match in watermen's boats be tween Honry Pearce and Elia3 Laycock camo off an Saturday afternoon, on the champion course, Parramatta River. Pearco won easily, . . ? * 