faap. SOUECE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. A beautiful person is th9 natural form of a beautiful soul. The mind builds its own houBe. The soul takes precedence of the body, and shapes the body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of the fairest face. A sensual du.posttiou defi-.rms the handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivola and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all tbe dignity out of tbe figure and all tbe oharaoter out of the countenance. A cherished hatred transforms the moBt beautiful linea ments into an image, of ugliness. It is as impossible to preserve good looks with a brood of bad pass ions feeding on the blood, a set of low loves tramping through the heart, and a selfish, disdainiul spirit enthroned in tiie will, as to preserve the beauty of au elegapi mansion with a litter of ewino in tho base ment, a tribe of gipsies in the parlour and owls aud valtnres in the upper part. Badness and beauty will no more keep company a great while than will consort with health, or an elegant oarv ing survive the furnace fire. The experi ment of putting them together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvary ing result. There is no sculptor like the mind. There is nothing that eo refines, polishes and ennobles face and mien as the ' constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives in the region of ideas, moon beams though they be, becomes idealised. Tuere are no ' arts, no gymnastics, no cos metics which can contribute a tithe so much of the dignity, the strength, the eouobling of a man's looks, as a great purpose, a high determination, a nobie principle, an un quenchable enthusiasm. But more powerful Biili than any of these as a beautifier of the person is the overmastering purpose and pervading disposition of kinduoss in -the heart. Affection is the or ganising force ia the human consti tution. Woman is fiirer than man because she has more affection than man. Loveli ness ia the outside of love. Kindness, sweet ness, goodwill, a prevailing desire and determination to make otheia happy, make the body a temple of the Holy Ghost. The soul that is full of pure and generous affec tions, fashions the features into its own angelic likeness, as the rose, by inherent impulse, grows in grace and blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal. Tnere ia uothing on earth whiou so quickly trans figures a personality, refines, exalts, ir radiates with heaven's own. impress of loveliness, as a pervading, prevailing kiudue&s; of heart. Tfce angels ar-j beautiful because thay are good, and Gjd is bearitif al because He ia love. — Christian Globe. 