THE MYSTiiEY OP SASASSA VALLEY. A SOUTH AFRICAN STORY. Do I know why Tom Donahue is called Lucky Tom?' Yes; I do,; and that is more than one in ten of those who call him iso can say. I have knocked about a deal in my time, and seen some strange sights, but twine stranger than the way in which Tom trained that sobriquet and his fortune with it. ox I was with him at the time. — Tell IF? 01 1, certainly ; but it is a longish story, and a t iery strange one ; so fill up your glass aji tin, and light another cigar while I try to -ree.litoff; Yes; a very strange one; beats sotrte /airy stories I have heard ; but it's tru b sir, every word of it. There are men alive at vCape Colony now who'll remember it, arad confirm what I say. Many a time has the t&ite; been told round the fire in Boons' cabins from Orange State to Griqua- land ; yes', and out in the bush and at the Diatniond Fields, too. I'n i ronghish now, sir ; but I was entered at thus Middle Tenrple once, and studied for the ZBar. Tom— worse luck ! — as one of my fellow-Btudents ; and a wildish time we had of it, until at last our finances ran short, and we were compelled to give up our so-called studies, and look about for some part of the wprld where two young fellows with -- strong arms and sound constitutions might make their mark. In those days the tide of emigation had scarcely begun to set in towards Africa, and so we thought our best chance would be down at Cape Colony. Well — to, make a long story short — we set #s ail, and w ere deposited in Cape Town with less than five pounds in pur pockets ; and -there we parted. We each tried oqr hands" sat many things, and had ups and downs ; 9rat when, at the end of three years, chance Hed each of us up-copntry and we mbl again, -we were, I regret to say, in almost as bad a plight as when we started. Well, this was not much of a commence ment and very disheartened we were, so disheiU'tened that Tom spoke of going back to England and getting a clerkship. For ycu see v e didn't know that we had played cut all ou r small cards, and that the tramps were going to turn up. No ; we thought our ' hands ' were bad adl through. It was a very lonely part of the country that we wer e in, inhabited by a few scat' .red fanners, whose houses were stockaded and fenced in to defend them against the Kaffirs. Tom Donahue and I had a little hut right out in the" bush ; hut we were knoKvh tb possess nothing, and to be bandy ith our revolvers, 1 so we had little to fear. There e waited, doing odd jobs, and hoping that something Tvould turn up. Well, after we had been 'there about a month something did turn up upon a certain night, something which Was , the making of both of us ; and it's about that night, sir, that I m &oing; to tell you. I remember it well ihe wind was howling past our cabin, and the rain threatened to burst in our rude window. e had a great wood-fire crackling and sputtering on the hearth, by which I w as sitting mending a vhip, while Tom was lying iu his bunk groaning disconsolately at the chance which had .led him to'fuch a place. \ 4 /hcer up, Tom — cheer up,' said I. ' No \ man ever knows what may be a waiting him. ' \ 4 Dl-Juck — ill-luck, Jack,' he japswered. YI always was an unlucky dog. HerO Jhave jegfgia thisabomin able country, M see lads fresh from England jingling \ney in their packets, while I »J por »B when I landed. Ah, Jack, if yon want to keep your- teed above water old friend, you must try your fortune away from toe. ' Nonsense, Tom ; you're down in your luck to-night. But hark ! Herefs soneone doming outside Dick Wharton by the tread; he'll rouse y6u, if any man 'can.' Even as I spoke the door was flung open, and honest Dick Wharton, with the water I pouring from him, stepped in, his hearty red face looming through the haze like a harvest- moon. He shook himself, and after greeting us, sat down by the fire to warm himself. ' Whereaway, Dick, on such a night as this ? said I. 4 You 11 find the rheumatism a worse foe thau the Kaffirs, unless you keep more regular hours? Dick was looking unusually serious, almost frightened, one would say, if one did not know the man. 4 Had tip go, 1 he replied — had to go. One of Madison s cattle was seen straying down Sasassa Valley, and, of bourse, none ofour blacks would go down that Valley at night ; i|nd if we had', waited the brute v. ould have been in ??TWhy wouldn't they go down Sasassa Valley at night ?' asked Tom. ??jKaffirs, I suppose,1 said I. v ' Ghosts, ' said Dick. j We both laughed. 1 suppose the didn't give such a matter- of-fact fellow as you a sight of their charms ?' 8Hi<| Tom from the bunk. - 4 Yes,' said Dick, seriously — 4 yes ; T saw what the niggers talk about 9 and I promise you, lads, I don't want ever to see it again.' ; Tom sat up in his bed. 4 Nonsense,. Dick ; you're joking, man I Gome, tell us ali about | it. 1 he legend first, and your own jj experience afterwards. Pass him over Hie bottle. Jack? Well, as to the legend? began Dick, it . seems that the niggers have had it handed down to them that that Sasassa Valley is ' haunted by a frightful fiend. Hunters andt wanderers passing down the defile have seen ; its glowing eyes under the shadows of the cliff; and the story goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that baleful glare, has had his after-life blighted by the malignant power of this creature. Whether that be! true or not? continued Dick, ruefully, 'I may have an opportunity of judging for myself? 'Go on, Dick — go on? cried Tom. 'Let's hear about what you saw? 4 Well, I was groping down the Valley, looking for that cow of Madison s, and I had, I suppose, got half- way down, where a black craggy cliff juts into the ravine on the right, when I halted to have a pull at my flask . I had my eye fixed at the time upon the pro jecting cliff I have mentioned, and noticed nothing unusual about it. I then put up my flask and took a step or two forward, when in a moment there burst apparently from the base of tbe rock, about eight feet from the ground and a hundred yards from me, a strange, lurid glare, flickering and oscil lating, gradually dying away and then re-ap pearing again. No, no ; I've seen many a glow worm and firefly— nothing of that sort. There is was, burning away, and I supposed gazed at it, trembling in every limb, for fully ton minutes. ' Then T took astep forwards, when instantly it vanised. vanished like a candle blown out. I stepped back again ; but it was some time before I could find the exact spot and position from which it was visible. at last, there it was, the weird, reddish light, flickering away as before. Then I screwed up my courage, And made for the rock ; but tbe ground was so uneven that it was impossible to steer straight ; and thongh I walked along tke whole base of the cliff, I could see nothing. Then I made tracks for home ; and I can tell you, boys, that until you remarked it, I never knew it was raining, the whole way along. But hollo ! what s the matter with Tom ?' What indeed ? Tom was now sitting with his legs over the side of the bunk, and his whole face betraying excitement so intense as to be almost painful. 4 The fiend would have two eyes. How many lights did vou see, Dick ? Speak out !' 4 Only one? 'Hurrah!' cried Tom — 4 that's better ! Whereupon he kicked the blankets into the middle cf the room, and began pacing uji and down with long, feverish strides. Suddenly he stopped opposite Dick, and laid his hand upon his shoulder. 4 1 say, Dick, could we get to Sasassa Valley before sunrise ?' 4 Scarcely? said Dick. 4 Well, lbokhere; we are old friends, Dick Wharton, you, and I. Now, don't you tell any other man what you have told us, for a week. You'll promise that, won't you ?' I could see by the look on Dick's face as he acquiesced that he considered poor Tom to be mad, and, Indeed, I was myself com pletely mystified by his conduct. I had. however, seen so many proofs of my friend's good sense and quickness of apprehension that I thought it quite possible that Wharton's story had had a meaning in his eyes which I was too obtuse to take in. .All night Tom Donahue was greatly ex cited, and when Wharton left he begged him to remember his promise, and also elicited from him a description of the exact spot at which he had seen the apparition, as well as the hour at which it appeared. After his departure, which must have been about four in the morning, I turned into my bunk and watched Tom sitting by the fire splicing .two sticks together, until I fell asleep. I suppose I must have slept about too hours ; but when I aoke, Tom was still sitting working away in almost the same position. He had fixed_the one stick across the top of the other so as to form a rough T, and was nojrbusy in fitting a smaller stick into the angle be tween them, by manipulating . which, >the cross one could be either cocked up or de pressed to any extent. He.ha iut notches, too, in the perpendicular sck,1so that, by the aid of the small prop, th Across one could be kept in any position for an indefinite time. 4 Look here, Jackl' he cried, whenever he saw that I was awake. ? Come, and give me your opinion. Suppose l pqt this crose- stick pointing straight at a thing, and ar- | Tan:ed this small one so as to keep it so, and i left it, I could find that thing again if I ' v. anted don t you think I could, Jack— niyouHimk so ?' he continued nervously, clutching me by the arm. 4 WeU» I answered, 'it would depend on i—— mm— —i— »— —pl mmmmmmmmm how far off the thing was/ and how accurately it was pointed. If it were any distance, I'd cut sights on your cross stick ; then a string! tied to the end of Jt, and held in a plumb-, line forwards, would lead you pretty near what you wanted. But surely, Tom, you don't intend to localise the fghpkt in that ay ?' 4 You 11 see to-night, old friend— you'll see to-night. I'll carry this to the Sasassa Valley. You get the loan of Madison's crowbar, and come with me ; but mind yon tell no man where you are going, or what you want it for? Ali day Tom was walking up and do n the room, or working bard at the apparatus. His eyes were glistening, hiB cheek hectic, and he had all the symptoms of high fever. 4 Heaven grant that Dicks diagnosis he not correct !' I thought, as I returned with the crowbar ; and yet, as evening drew near, I found myself imperceptibly sharing the ex citement. About six o'clock Tom sprang to his feet aod seized bis sticks. ; 4 1 -can stand it nc| longer, Jack,' be cried ; 4n|»withyour crow bar and hector Sasassa aU#y 1 A|Pq-night's work, my taa, will rito€r mkke'us tirxnar usj TAke yoifi xhTOter, incafcewqmeet Kaffir 3 . ' if'iny iU-luck f&i; "to- xfle db "w|l.i?havih:g filled-our i'yjite?;b-Aet put, ohr wearisome yray t0wAr(fe/tliAvassaYalley, 'til ;':eUcit4 .froui my bomjnioh " sbme erne as. olmtofltisi only ttpswer was 4 Lfet ubhrry onj "Jack. - Wl kjibws how many hlvhheiSra of JiYhjiSeyenture by this hi fititfm the -v' ; ! Well, sir, westrnled ohthrough the Hillh fora foatter of; tAil miles; till dt lasfc after descending a brag, we saw opening puf fiii front of ns a ravine so sombre and diaSSrHiat it might have been the gate of H ades itself 5 clifis many hundred feet high shut in on every - side the gloomy boulder-studded pahsage which led through the haunted defile Ynto Kaffirland. The niooh rising above the Crags thrbw into strong relief the rough irregular pinnacles of rock by which -thev were topped, while all below was dark as Erebus. ; The Sasassa Valley?1 said I. ! 4 Y es, ' said 1 om. j I looked at him. He was calm now ; the flush and feverisliness had- passed away ; his actions were deliberate and slow. Yet there .was a certain rigidity in his face and glittet in his eye which showed that a crisis ha come. '1 il We entered the pass, stumbling along amid the great boulders. Suddenly I heard a short quick exclamation from Tom, 4 That's the crag !' he cried, pointing to 4 great mass looming before us in the darknessj 4 Now, Jack, for any favour, use your eyes | Were about a hundred yards froni that cliff, I take it ; so you move slowly towards one side, and I'll do the same towards the other. 'A hen you see anything! stop, and call out. Don't take more than twelve inches in a step, and keep your eyo fixed on the cliff about eight feet from th4 ground. Are you ready ?'t | 4 Yes? I n as even more excited than Tom by this time. What his intention or pbjecs was, I could not conjecture, beyond that he wanted to examine by daylight the part or the cliff from which the light came. Yet the influence of the romantic situation and of my companion's suppressed excitement was bo great, that I could feel the blood coursing through my veins and count the pulses throbP bing at my temples. | 4 Start !' cried Tern ; and we moved off, he to the right, I to the left, each with our eyes fixed intently on the base of the crag. I had moved perhaps twenty feet, when in k moment it burst upon me. Through the growing darkness there shone a> small ruddy glowing point, the light from which waned and increased, flickered and oscillated, each change- producing a more weird effect thaA the last. The old Kaffir superstition came into my mind, and I felt a cold shudder pass over me. In my excitement, I stepped a pace backwards, when instantly the lighjb went out, leaving utter darkness in its place;; but hen I advanced again, there was the ruddy glare glowing from the base of the cliff. 4 Tom, Tom !' I cried. . j 4 Ay, ay !' I heard him exclaim, as he hur ried over towards me. 1 4 There it is — there, up against the cliff !'? Tom was at my elbow. 4 1 see nothing;1 said he. | 4 Why, there, there, man, in front of y ou !' I stepped to the right as I spoke, when the light instantly vanished from my eyes. ! But from Tom's ejaculations of delight, Was clear that from my Tornier position it wasvisible to him also. . 4 Jack? he cried:, as he turned and wrung my hand — 4 Jackj you and I can never complain of our luck again. Now, heap up a few stones where .vre are standing. That s right. Now, we must fix my sign-poBfc firmly in at the top. There I It would take a strong wind to blow that down ; and we only need it to hold out till morning. O, Jack, my boy, to think thai only yesterday we were talking of becoming clerks, and you saying that no man knew what was awaiting him, too 1 By Jove Jack, it would make a good story? | By this time - e had firmly fixed the per j pendicular stick in between two large stones, I and Tom bent down and peered along th horizontal one. For fully a quarter of aq hoar he was alternately raising and de4 pressing it, until at last, with a sigh of satis faction, he fixed the prop int the angle, and stood up. 4 Look along, Jack? he said, 4 You have as straight an eye to take a sight as any man I know of? j I looked along. There/beyond the furthef sight was ruddy scintillating speck, ap parently at the end of the stick itself, sc accurately had it been:f)diiBted. 4 A nd now, my boy, ' said Tom, 4 let's have | some supper, and a sleep. There's nothing ; more to be done to- night ; but we'll need alf our wits and strength to-morrow. Get som< sticks, and kindle a fire here, and then wel \- iteffcle to ten an % opqrhal-pst ana see that nothing happens to- it dwesogjac night? ' Well, sir, we kindled a fire, and had I—— Ml— W— M— WW— M— — — — — WW— supper with the Sasassa demon's eye rolling and glowiug in front of -us the whole night through. jNy t always in the same place though ; for after supper,' when « I glanced? along the sights to have another look at it, it . was nowhere to be seen, Tlie iuformation ! did not, however, seem to tfrsturb Tom in 1 any way. Me merely remarked : ' It's the i moon, not the thing, that has shifted ? and coiling himself up, went to sleep. By early dawn we were both up, and gazing along our pointer at the cliff ; but we could make out nothing save the one dead monotonous slaty surface, rougher perhaps at the part v e were examining than else where, but otherwise presenting nothing remarkable. j 'Now, for your idea, Jack!' said Tom Donahue, unwinding a long thin cord from round his waist. 4 You fasten it, and guide me >»hile I take tbe other end? So saying, he walked off to the base of tlie cliff, holding one end of the cord, while I drew the other taut, and wound it round the middle of the horizontal stick, passing it through the sight ! at the end. By this means I could direct j Tom to the right or left, until we had our , string stretching from the point of attach ment, through the sight, and on to the rock, which it struck about eight feet from the ground. Tom drew a chalk circle of about three feet diameter round the spot, and then called to me to come and join him. 4 We've managed this business together, Jack? he said, 4 and we'll find what we are to find, to gether? The circle he had drawn embraced a part of the rock smoother than the rest, save that about the centre there were a few rough protuberances or knobs. One of these Tom pointed to with a cry of delight, it was a roughish brownish mass about the size of a man's closed fist, and looking like a bit of dirty glass let iifto the wall of the cliff. 'That's it? he cried ; 4 that's it? 4 That's what ? 4 Why, man, a diamond, and such a one as there isn't a monarch in Europe but would envy Tom Donahue the possession of. Up with your cro bar, and we'll soon exorcise the demon of Sasassa Valley !' I was so astounded that for a moment I stood speechless with surprise, gazing at the treasure which had so unexpectedly fallen into our hands. 4 Here, hand me the crowbar? said Tom, 4 Now, by using this little round knob > hich projects from the cliff here as a fulcrum, we may be able to lever it off. Yes ; there it goes. I never thought it could have come so easily. Now, Jack, the sooner we get back to our hut, and then down to Cape Town, the better? We wrapped /Up our treasure, and made our way across the hills, towards home. On the way, Tom told me ho , while a law student in the Middle Temple, he had come upon a dusty pamphlet in the library, by one Jans van Hounym, which told of an expe rience very similar to ours, which had be fallen that worthy Dutchman in the latter part of the seventeenth century, and which resulted in the discovery of a luminous diamond. This tale it was which had come into Tom's head as he listened to honest Dick Wharton's ghost-story, w hile the means which ha had adopted to verify his supposi tion sprang from his own fertile Irish brain. 4 We'll take i£down to Cape Town? con tinued Tom, 4 and if we can't dispose of it with advantoge there, it will be worth our while to ship for London with it. Let as go along tc Madison's first, though ; he knows something of these things, and can perhaps give us some idea of what we may consider a fair price -for our treasure? We turned off from the track accordingly, before reaching pur hut, and kept along the narrow path-leading to Madison's farm. He was at lunch when we entered, and in a minute we were seated at each side of him, enjoying South African hospitality. 4 Well? he said, after the servants were gone, 4 what's in the wind now ? 1 see you have something to say to me What is it ?' Tom produced his packet, and solemnly an tied the handkerchiefs which enveloped it. 4 There !' he said, putting his crystal on the table ; whafc would you say was a fair price for that ?' Malison took it up and examined it criti cally. 4 Veil? he said, laying it down aain, 4 in its crude state about twelve shil lings per ton? 4 Twelve shillings !' cried Tom, starting to his feet. 4 Don't you see what it is ?' 4 Bock-salt I' 4 Rock fiddle : a diamond? ''"Taste it !' said Madison. Tom put it to his lips, dashed it down with a dreadful exclamation, and rushed out of the room. I felt sad and disappointed enough myself ; but presently remembering what Tom had said about the pistol, I, too, left the house, and made for the hut, leaving Madison open- mouthed with astonishment. When I gQt in, I found Tom lying in his bunk with his face to the wall, too dispirited apparently to answer my consolations. Anathematising Hick and Madison, the Sasassa demon, and everything else, I strolled out of the hut, and refreshed myself with a pipe after our wearisome adventure. I was about fifty yards away from the hut, when I heard issuing from it the Bound which ;of all others I least expected to he'ar. Had it been a groan or an oath, I should have taken it is a matter of course ; b t the sound which caused me to stop an i take the pipe out of my mouth was a hearty roar of laughter I Next moment, Tom himself emerged from the door, his whole face radiant with delight. 4 Game for: another ten-mile walk old, fellow? . 4 What ! for another lamp of rook-salt, at twelve shillings a ton ?' 4 No more of that, Hal, an you love me? grinned Tom. rNow look here, Jack. What blessed fools we are to bp so floored by a trifle I Just sit on this stump for five minutes, and I'll make it as clear as day light? You've seen many a lump of rock- salt stuck in a crag, and so have I, thongh we did make such a mull ot this oile. .Now, Jack, did any> of the pieces you have ever seen shine in the darkness brighter than any fire- fly?' 4 Well, I can'fc say they ever did? 4 T d venture to piophesy fchat j.f We waited until night, which we won t do, we would I see that light still glimmering among the 'rooks. Therefore, Jack, when we took 1 ? 1 1 away this v orthless salt, we took the wrong crystal . It is no very stiange thing in these hills that a piece pf . rock salt should be lying within a foot of $ Jliamphd; f It caught our eyes, and we were excited, and so we made fools of ourselves, and left tlie real stone behind . Depend upon it, Jack, the Sasassa gem is lying within that magic circle of chalk upon the face of yonder cliff. Come, eld fellow, light your pipe and stow your re volver, and we'll be off before that fellow Madison has time to put two and two to gether? I don't know, that I was very sanguine this time. I had begun, in fact, to look upon the diamond as a most unmitigated nuisance. However, rather than throw a damper on Tom's expectations, I announced myself eager to start. What a walk it was ! Tom was always a good mountaineer, but his ex citement seemed to lend him wings that day, while I scrambled along after him as best I could. When we got within half a mile he ! broke into the 4 double? and never pulled up until he reached the round white circle upon i the, cliff. Poor old Tom ! when I tome up i his mood had changed, and he was standing with his hands in his pockets, gazing vacantly before him with a rnefnl countenance. 4 Look !' he said — 4 look !' and he pointed at the cliff. Not a sign of anything in the least resembling a diamond there. The circle , included nothing but flat slate-coloured ; stone, with one large hole, where he bad ex | tracted the rock-salt, and one or two smaller j depressions. No sign of the gem. " > ! I've been over every inch of it? said poer ; Tom. 4 It s not there. Some one has been here and noticed the chalk, and taken it. Come home, Jack ; I feel sick and tired. Oh ! had any man ever luck like mine 1' I turned to go, but took one last look at the cliff first. Tom was already ten paces off. 4 Hollo!' I cried, 4 don't you see any change in that circle since yesterday ?' 4 What d'ye mean?' said Tom. 4 Don't you mLs a thing that was there before ?' 4 The rock-salt ?' said Tom. No ; but the little round knob that we : used for a fulcrum. I suppose we must have i wrenched it off in using the lever. Let's have a look at what it s made of? Accordingly, at the foot of the cliff we searched about among the loose stones. 4 Here yon are, Jack ! We've done it at last ! We're made rr en !' I turned round, and there was Tom radiant with delight, and with a little corner of i black rock in his hand. At first sight it seemed to be merely a chip from the cliff ; but near the base there was projecting from it an object which Tom was now exnltingly pointing out. It looked at first something like a glass eye ; but tcere was a depth of brilliancy about it sucb as glass never exhibited. There was no mistake this time ; we had certainly got possession of a jewel of great value ; and with light hearts we turned from the valley, bearing away with us the 4 fiend' which had so long reigned there. There, sir ; I've spun my story out too long, and tired you perhaps. You see when I get talking of those rough old days, I kind of see th® little cabin again, and the brook to I have done .raiding in Africa. We set old Dick Wharton up in business, and he is one of our near st neigh bours. If you should ever be coming ud out way, sir, you'll not forget to askt for Jack Turnboll — Jack Turnbull of Sasassa Farm. 