That Mr. i Kingsford should havo; had bo patient a hearing speaks Tolumea for his audi ? ence, who were ovidently full to overflowing ?with indignation nttho rumoured sale of the electorate. Evidently there -was .great reluc tance to realieo the fact, and we allowed him to speak on in the hope of some explanation ?which might mitigate the crime. This is not to bo wondered ? ut. He has re presented us— if doraowhat carelessly— on the ?wholo faithfully for seven years, and we do feel deeply hurtat his failure iu the present crisis. Judging from his romarks, tho main cause of his present dofeetion is a personal dislike to the leader of tho Opposition, as if the head of a party could' bo the beau ideal of each individual member — suffice it if ho is accopted-by the ma jority. He is at best a coward who deserts his principles from such puerile motives, and how a man deserting his party and voting with the enemy can rotain his principle* puzzles mo tpoyond meastird. Ho had our' sympathy whilst denouncing- the Bulimba clique— that little circle of luminaries ?will be snuffed out when tho proper time comes. At present we havo a much larger ring to deal ?with — the great syn(sin)dicate, and it will re quire the unitod effortsof our party , both inBide and outside the walls of Parliament, to snap it asunder. ? When, after detailing how hard he had worked for us last session (and we thank him for it), Mr. Kingsford oame down to speak of being closeted with tho Min i'e$,A for 'Works nud franticnlly hold forth ?..'?' 'Sieet of foolscap, we felt that the ead end had come ; that the -wily serpent had tempted our fair Eve, she had eaten of the forbidden fruit, and fain would entice us to the unholy feast. But Adam proved himself of sterner stuff this time, and unmistakably refused to sin and fall with her in thia trans gression. He now intends suing for a divorce. Tea ; John Murtagh has proved too many for our Richard — has, in fact, seen through him — His virtues woro his pride, nnd that one vico Hado all his virtues gewgaws of no price. But if Johnny thought the syren's voice was to charm us all away, he has calculated without his hoBt — \jut solus nuuur iuu mercenary tuou^iu. And him as deeply who abhors it not. It was whilst our feelings were in this state that the poor speoimen; of political humanity ?who misrepresents Bulimba appeared like a ghost upon tho platform, and called forth such a storm. of groans and hisses that ho was glad to slink out of sight. Tee; that was too much for our highly wrought feelings. They found relief: in. this expression of sympathy with our sister electorate, who has not, like us, two strings to her bow. ?? We have set an example to every , constitu ency throughout the colony. However much ?we desire, and as truly deserve, a railway, we decline to accept it at the sacrifice of principle, and doubtless virtue will have its own reward and get the railway in good time, and on con ditions that will not make an honest man ?HuBh. ' ? ???? .' l In conclusion, I must thank you for the leaders of Saturday aud last night ; they have struck a cord which will vibrate through the heart strings of every sensible man in the colony. Follow them up and :you wi)1 merit the thanks of the community at larger/ -Tours, &c;, - * , True Blve. July 13. ? ? ' 