BRISBANE AFFAIRS. JTBOM OOB SPECIAL COEBEBPOKDENT. July 9. WE mo in tho mirtdlo of it, Parliament opened onTuesday with the usual ceremonial. An unusually laigo crowd of logins occupied the floor ol tho Council Chamber, sitting in .very spare corner, and even having rents on t o balcony outside, and looking through tlie windows. I can asmre you that it was quite a pretty sight, and I deeply regret that I have not the pen of the Courier society man to give your lady renders a faint idea of the gacue, Wis. Bell, I know, looked mognili O int iu some wonderful arrangement of violet *:ittn puffed and slashed in a marvellous way, Hid. M'llwraitli'e dress was probably oven more completely the correct tiling, but to the un discriminating eye of one ignorant of mil linery, she appeared to be comparatively plainly dresBcd. Lieutenant Governor Boll "went through the oercmony well. When he arrived at that part of the Bpeoch which re ferred to a change in the marringe laws, he dropped his voice a tone, and an irresistible titter ran through the .serried ranks of petti coats. The joke lay in tho fact that be had at the Mayor's ball declared that if he had tho power he would bring in a bill to compel the State to provide husbands for girls that have passed their third "season." It was noteworthy that the faiUifui Commons was loss turbulent *<"»" is their wont, They began tho fun In the Assembly 'hot afternoon with the presentation of a petition ?from Mr. Bcmmant, formerly of Brisbane, making allegations on which our fi.ira founded imputations of a very grave character against the Premier. The imputations were more inferred tii on stated, and Sam has since de clared that he did not impute anything. Tou will have the petition and all the facta In the foil reports, and I need not occupy this space by summarising them. Griffith deJivcjed his attack is an exceedingly lame manner. The woids he used were those that usually imply moral indignation, but there was not the ghost of an infusion of any such tone. He did not play the character of on indignant and outraged patriot well at all. M'Hwraith had all the odils in bis favor in replying. His opponent had begun the fight in a fnint half-hearted way, and be advanced to the defence with tbe confidence ©f a man who aees his assailant already beaten. Of course bis manner of speaking was bod, as it always is, but be rated 8am pretty effectively in the end. Ton will please to notice that 1 am speaking entirely of the manner of speaking, ~ not of the matter spoken. The first night's debate Was in fact flat, and the thin looking Opposition nulla appeared cowed. Dickson ? was verbose and Bat as usual. Palmer got into good fighting trim, and hit out with vigor. The manner in which the old man sead oata letter from Uacttlisier complain ing of having been 41 worried " by Hamilton, was immense, and the satisfied tone in which lie expressed bis pleasure at the mental euBerings of the Agent General, character istic. He frankly declared his belief that ho had been quite tight in Hie Kanaka business, tot that his colleagues all thought him ?wrong, and that be wasn't going to quarrel with them over such a trifle. By the way, I ' should mention that Feei did his maiden speech very welL He gHve a clear hint of possible insuboidiutttioti if the Oantod Bail way was tampered with# The speechless Fred said nothing in careful platitudes by way of seconding the address, and now utrolls across the chamber with the air of a man who has done something great but ia too modest to boast about it. The independent party is forming. Kings fold of South Brisbane declared lht>t he was not going to be a regular opponent of tbe Government. This gentleman, you will re member, threw oil his allegiance to 6am last year, when Hie latter made such a mess of tbe stone-walllng outbreak. I hear that Howite, ol Warwick, is going to support the Moisten. They hare squared him by some concession in connection with the axe he wants to grind, the Warwick and Killarney railway. Heston is generally reported to be clewing. It is reported ihat some politicians have put a lot of money into the of wUch he has become a large proprietor. How the only politicians who would spend money in such a way arothe Ministerialists, and they generally give nothing for nothing. This points to the conclusion that Mcston must have given them to understand that be will afford them that very very effective sup port which can be supplied l>y a newspaper professedly an opponent, but dexterous at drawing off opposition by smoothing over weak points, and misleading the ciowd by baiting up the wrong tree. However, I baye no other authority than mere hearsay for the statement that political or indeed any capital has been put in the concern, and Mcston is each an eccentric individual that be is appar jently unconscious of what is regarded as right end wrong in politics. Stalbon Thomp son, of Ipswich, made a remarkable n|K.-cdi, formnlly severing himself from the party with which, as he says, he bas acted since be entered political life-that of the piesout Ministerialists, lie also declared his indc pendenoe, bnt plninly hinted that if tlie Government would ocl in a mote friendly spirit towards his constituency, be would kiss and be friends again. Douglas, Macrossan, endGnrrick spoke well, and Xtutleilgc foirlv. But thmvghoat the debate there was very little reference indeed to the 'Speech on the Government policy, and what reference there was appeared rnther friendly to it The iramors of the debate were confined to the second and third days. From the liegin ning, the "subsection " wero jolly and made a cheerful noise. Amliurst's voice is heard n* frequently as that of any man in tho Houte, j though ho seldom speaks. There can tie; Do doubt as to the loyalty of the subsection to tbe Ministiy. Bill, when lie spoke, «* i so angry with the Opposition that he cnuM ; hardly articulate from slttttoiing, and after wckiiig round for epithets to throw nt Sam's hcud, selected '-skunk " «?- mo.t appropriate. Mnrehuad was calmer, but also miliar utmsive, and chctcd cnm-rlv nil tho Wini. terial utterances. titcviiiruu «ni not there. At une tioie (In? ffmw (;ot inn, a vein, ninl KalPb, of Die Down'., who tn.liei u'l.- ,-iirl.s In ilie Wuuli^l iimi:, (iiivc k i . i.ei'lonttliy liiiiiii . jiuii;itltuHiicaw.l t *"-.l'>imh tfit! Mi": i-i-i Iry lirni'omii' i. ii in tin-<rsy tlmi. nil imniVimt : lie Ko^lii!-. pi. 'i t < r. -.i,- viiiii;vril lijiiiii/nrs, ^icii us I'd I- nr , -r j"..'!i-ii ..jii.-nijy. Jim the fun of tlie tk-U.io > .... lai.mtiil wv CJeovje Thuffi. 't'tn- nm ./.un -villi which lie ' r.dlml nut Ms oIiim;!i'm I iK-i'i.!"!^ < -.ii. (lii.irv i the I'rniM'V. ih'' "Aii, ymt nn'y "iiiflfh;liut' I hr.\c t!.' .IIIIII'- 'ii- io,'" will f-. gcr to nose, mill u Iiev of the UJ'J'-L iutcUbu knovrcngncss screwing up his face, was grand. The House roared again, anil nearly wont ( into convulsions when be Bpoko of all tlic London Clubs, both " Liberal and ConRcrra tive,"<1lM»uu<iiigM'IluTaith'H nefnriousdoinga : from " morning to night." " There's nothing else talked about, I assure you." However, the debate in over, and the ad dress in reply passed-but X don't think the subject is anything like finished. Next week the uinil conduct comes on. The Govern ment uppcar to be cxiec.linely ttrong, but tiicc is no knowing how m.iny of tlioir sup porters mny declare tlicm&clves; "indepen dent " at fnionvcn'cnl I'm?!, 