HE WASTED TO BE AS ACTOR. A enran, whose best weight never exceeds ISO pounds, was tbe other day baying a couple of hens of a fanner on the market and before tbe bargain waa seadaded, tbe two became quite friendly, and the farmer aaid he had aoaastbiag on his anad to -'—it— »»»+?'- One of bis boys had a passion for thratri«la and was daaaoaa of beeoaung aa actor. The idea nt ao strong on him that he bad become worthiest round tie farm, and the father was ma peck of trouble to know bow to tarn the boy's attention from the footlights to tbe ** 'Spoae I aead ban to you, 'spase you make fan and ridicule him aad let him see how foolish itfcr suggested tie fatter, aad tbe citUen agreed. Asa. result of their planning the boy walked into tbe citizen's place of baameaa on Congress-street east next morning. The other bad called him a boy, but be weighed about I0- pounds, stood nearly ail feet ugh, and be bada pair of band, as lane as tbe chroma of the Yowmite Valley. Hi. arrival waa expected, aad after a. few woroa about tin weather, the citizen qaeried: 'So you dunk you woold make aa actor eht' 'Yea, I kinder think so, 'was tie reply. 'What fine woold you take T 'Well, I kinder liketeagedy.' 'Tragedy ! Why, you couldn't aoceeed in tragedy! Look at your hands! Look at tfaeaefaet'. Reatetaber your voice1. You'd betmaedofftheatage. IWf never think of 'How would I do in a drama,' a«ked tbe ' Sot at aD ; in tie first pUee your ears are too large. Then your heels stick out too far. Then year bands would hide half tbe other acton. Doat try tbe drama, for yea will be a da*! failure.' ' Could I do anyfting in comedy T 'Notathteg. The sight of you ia comedy would be the same as the sight of a heame on tbe stage. All tbe facial essreaaon you bare mbamaTjaaraan.' ?Tve tboaabt aasae of beaag a aansr ?uNfad,' observed ia* boy, rfter a bag 'Tbaratbewentofan. I taS you, boy, you'd better stick to tbe fan. Toa an aat eat cat tar aa actor, aad yea want to drop the ' CoaldoY I ad aa saber r 'Ko, sir; vosaretooataTsiaekBesB.' -Casbbit I take tickets !' 'Kerar! Tour band, are too big for tiat 'Coaldn% I ahittaceaas f' 'So. Yeaaretoomgaadanwieiay.'' There was a long aad paiaMaaenoe. Then tbe bay nee «p sad said -. 'Wefl, Ha bound to go into theatricals. If I cant he eajthiag dee IH be the feller that stands at tbe door to raise a row, and IT1 bejEmonyoa! Come over here f He hauled the adviaer over tbe tone, datebed lam by the masH of the back, aad apaa him around, slaanaed ban aorast tie waH aad dropped him to get a better bold. TCacatiie certain rase aa Uk »ert act there waa a atrictly private conversation fining on between Hamlet and tks Ghost, aad the ooBar tnra open. Tbea Hamlet euddenly de»a»Arim.W voice: 'Caiiff! do yea deeboe that I cannot aetr Tbea tbe Ghoat dodgedaroaad the table and 'Ko,' I daat! Ton are all r«ht— you an a, splendid ictar— you cast hdp bet win r « Aod you'll teD me fatter aor ' I will— too bet I will S' 'If you doat ? r Here Hamlet took tiree steps forward, two back, scowled bis fiercest, aad tbe Ghost jumped bemad the store aad vowed he'd even pay 50 dots, tor a private box an tiie night ot tbeaVnat. 'Tis well!- raid Hamlet, aad be went over on tbe market to aee if he could «ell throe necks «- onion seta for eaab daws ? Astodtfree/tas. 