ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Mr. Fairclough reappeared on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal, after a long ab sence, daring which he has travelled over half the world. He selected for his reap* pearance the part in which he first made the acquaintance of the Melbourne public, namely Hamlet; his conception of which character is a good, reasonable, intelli-. gent one. He does not aim at startling you with singular discoveries in the way of new readings, nor perplexing you with unused interpolations. He knows that it is not< difficult to plunge into eccentricities, but as he also knows very well that to be eccentric iB not always to be wise, he leaves eccentricity to those whose only chance of distinction is to be different from their predecessors. There is, perhaps, no character in the whole range of Sbakapearian creations which is to be viewed from so many different points of ob servation as that of Hamlet, but it does not follow, therefore, that because any particular Hamlet iB unlike all other Hamlets, it has the advantage of them. That there should be degrees of excellenqe; #s roll as differences in kind, is only to say that there are differences of opinion, and that dif ferences of opinion, in this representa- ? tion, are as much a matter of course as differences of temperament, and degrees of intelligence. No doubt there it bat one tme Hamlet, just as in any contest of rifle-, shooting only one markBman may hit the bull's-eye *, but otbei xnatksmett near it, and they merit, of praise, according to «he nearnwa Vift ^^ they approach the centre. Youta*. u7 it yon like, that Mr. Fairclough'B B&mleti;, not quite hit the mark, but it h*, com?! good deal nearer to it than tttanj Haml* you have seen. It is a definitely oonceivtf Hamlet, and it is worked out with * pufJ? It is not a chance, fitful, Win®j.p»wi Hamlet You may differ from Mt rT clough aa to some of his probable wuoni but you are obliged to confess that reasons for what he doeB, and that he ootid back them up with argument. You wonll not dismiss his Hamlet without oommj^ You would not describe it as Meflmte, ^ purpoaeleBS, or inexpressive, or unaugg^y^ You would put it among those dtatnutio studieB that are worthy of consideration, It takes its place among thfe flamleta th« stand upon pedestals; it is not ot thoaa which are flung aside in lumber-rooms. The Ophelia of Miss Melrose^ having an interest in thin , -T "" r""6 T0,81 «? l upon which she had ever placed tin character, merits a large meaBttre of ^ on its own account To begin with, Mitt Melrose has the advantage which youth, » expressive face, and a graceful (iWt6 ^ communicate, to help the effect. Her voice naturally soft and flexible, has.even in tit | short time Bhe has been on the stage, been ' disciplined into colloquial tunefulness, both n respect of pause and inflexion. Herati. , rkftfalMkl ftffAnf tudes are the natural effect of and are quite free from test-scene with an Ophelia fa, of course ft! mad scene, and it is nothing bat ?iT? justice to Miss Melrose to any, that «b» -2 . through these very difficult passages with. simplicity sinKoiarly free from stags artific. ' and produced an effect genninely toachW. and truly poetic. And in laZf; much in praise of Miss Melrose's Ophdk it is nothing in detraction of it, T, cellence to say further, that as she » peats the character she will discover cm. tinual opportunities of improving it, jMi u a painter, after hanging his finished pictm sees where he can heighten its beauties bi additional touches. There are some per' formances to which finishing touches com. i municate only over-wrought elaboration; it i is only when a work s essentially I ! that additional labour betters it And this is } exactly the case with the Ophelia of Mi.. Melrose. Miss Anstead played the Queen with a pleasant womanly dignity that won for the character a sympathy the Queen in "H&mlet1;' does not always obtain, and her mrfnnw waB much more than only relative^ m$g. nificent. Mr. Carey spoke the Ghost admirably, but he did not look like a ghost in armour, There was too much of a pasteboard quality about him, and the aerialism Was not really aerial, but aerial only in a "ptonetj" sense. Mr. Appleton's Laertes is the. admitted Laertes of the Melbournestagefftdistances all others, and has passed beyond the teak of criticism. Mr. Emmett, who played Osric, showed, with an absolute success, how pot Bible it is to play Osric like a gentleman. Generally Osric iB represented as a burlesque prince, but from thiB time it will be possible, . when actors or actresses cannot invent a method of playing Osric, to refer to Mr. Emmett as a model, and follow him accord ingly. Mr. Deering must be credited wittr good intentions for his Polonius, but that is all; and thuB, also, with Mr. Holloway as the King, and with Mr. Brown as Horatio. Bit Mr. Greville's First Gravedigger cannot well be excelled; and Mr. Jones, who was so good as to take the First Actor, may he oopM with advantage by those who are looking fe a good example in the character. On Thursday Mi. Fairclongh appeared n Richelieu, a character he plays with a * considerable measure of dramatic foroe historical accuracy. Of the other parte, Carey is to be mentioned with particular proval for his intelligent conception #» careful representation of De MMPret< Miss Foley's Francis surprised her m enthusiastic admirers for ito jpietnresqn and genuine earnestness. Sta requires a good deal of 'modification it comparable with the examples predecessors have given us for w Mr. Hollo way's Baradas wants aabtlety 1DSt "Richard the Third" ^ i ^Tbe " Pinafore" perfonnMOes*ttheg house were to conclude with . benefit last night ; . «. . At the P^Ple'«.?aSaturiW »Jnhe'agwl in London," which bw many timea in thw Mr. Emery appealed in JhejMrt® ^ % Armteyd, which beJ^? Nothing <*» London-with such su<x*» * ^ pathos, the true tenderness ^ surrounded the part It hw#cter ^ so admirable an actor ^ Tt) 0[ Bbo*' gives him such large opport^J^ of« L«h.t «. be gJLw; ewirrf8*' :ng wnat ca» ^ Bmery"* perfectly natural manner. yo^ ofthoae Rood actor ought to see. «W»U» s nw> H-~ admixtnre of staginess. Hedoes pot ? thinks visibly and andibif. Be tPPfj* always to be telling a ttoifr&«&"»>< takes your Sympathies osptive befou F® know you are sympathising with hi sensibly you become bis frimfl wi'f his cause. Tbus, in thiB jjW T in London," you find yonr fadlff3^ fffi, voluntarily compelling yoi fo anoes at the wrongs he -antfw® flh.'l his wife «id ydd abhor hlr; WW*-V*,, play is a good pit/ in that th? '. * ' "-- fc-tnnM of ihep^ c^ntto its thehoS1 Lftnca ^OftbeotherBwho^pP^ ^ ^ Wiseman u to unexpected force of her Burpriae, *0', Aroroyd. It is not in cha acting w NeJ5a kind that she has generally racters of tbl eeB n0ris it probable that it ia jnadeber 8DCC wm be best known on in tbat dirbe^11°fc muat certainly be mentioned the Btage. but Bheacquitted herself on to her credi. fMhion which attests ^ g g]aim to the merit of versatility, strongly be sbould be entirely in her eleme° ted She is always at her best when be expected. hum0ur ha8 to be ex a beaming Mr Hall Bhould be Pre«llrwenplacedas the " Lunnon fellow, eqU,«ft matter of course. And the laughter was also a T evoked in this character, hiB ^Situlated immediately afterwards as siSS Tn "The Spitfire," the abBnrd situations in which are ao thoroughly abenr declare yourself beyond r^e of their influence is to confess LS are either more or less than human. £b Harris is to be mentioned wi h an rlnfliaed praise for the easy natural style SeSg Sboth the parts she played in th^TheTam of the Tide" was played for first time in Melbourne on Saturday i at the Bijou Theatre. Its author is Mr Burnand, and it has been adapted from novel of Mrs. Oliphant's. It had a marked success in London, and it has lately been nlayed with satisfaction both to public Ld management in Sydney. Like most -w of modern date, the story is an old one. It is the story of husband and wife hating one another, and, severally, loving some body else. The wife is a person of title; the husband is a successful author, and the adopted Bon of a millionaire. She stays in London, and chooseB her friends; he goes to frjttimy and chooses his, these latter being an invalid old gentleman and his daughter. It is the daughter who is the occasion of all the trouble. There comes by accident i friend of the husband's, and he advises the husband to go back to his wife, which fie does, after first, however, telling the young lady all the story of his domestic troubles, this narration being rendered additionally in teresting, by the scene being laid in a cave, into Fbich the tide comes rushing, thereby endangering their lives. The situation iB a vfiry telling one, and the pictorial arrange, nfoto are good enough to entitle Mr. Grist to the compliment of the call he received be fore the curtain. The next soene takes as to the house of the ill-assorted couple, where we leam that the wife is a woman of the world, who detests her husband, and that the mother of the wife is worthy of her daughter. The Breton young lady is living in a half dependent condition with some vnlgar people .with whom she has been placed by her guardian, a fashionable physician, and who, finding that she is badly treated by the panxmu, offers her his hand, which, out of gratitude, she accepts, to the disap pointment of the parvenue young lady, who had reckoned upon the physician for her own husband. As the Breton young lady, however, had on one occasion met at the opera the gentleman whose acquaintance she had made, and whose love she had gained and returned, the parvenue mother and daughter do their best to make mischief, and fail miserably, as malignantly mischievous people always do. The young lady does not marry the physician, but is magnanimously given up by him to the husband of the lady of title, who considerately and conveniently gets killed, in order to render his marriage with somebody else possible. The especial scene in this play, the scene which teBts most the actors who are con cerned in it, and which, when the play is re membered, will cling moat to the recollec tion, is that in which the ill-paired husband and wife quarrel and separate. It is one of those domestic episodes which occur very often-much oftener, in fact, than is gene supposed. They are very terrible, and they are never forgotten. They set one won .and speculating, and theorising, hey bring up the whole question of the 8tate, and they start queries which it would be the extremity of social heterodoxy to proponnd. Dramatically, they are full of tbe strongest interest They are of that kind instructive interest, which makes the stage 'a u, ® 68 & means of moral , suggestive . And this scene will be remembered more as having shown the rare ability of emoiselle Legrand, not that this w&sun; Sifr-.Lbut that thifl ePi0^e has sating a dk'inctmeBB which must Tho maynot have recognised an proper value ^erto. For beenS J,0Q °f pent"uP passion, there has i iuiiSf i 8.8reateron Melbourne stage. nnquesS. vournf. 4the audiepce in a fer Waa ®uPPfessed agitation all through. It BEJEI501161 display of- P^Pitoting fury at a^\w m?at? ,8abjectl0^ ^ is easy master* "f t>e violent, but it requires the display «« 8uPreme intellectual control, to Aaaeor^m v heat of P*88T without vnw mfin7°i ' °! the beated blast of a lute inteS cfonfl.a^ation. And this abso perfection in w ®,motl?Q wa8 represented to in this scenA^6m0lSelle Le£raQd'8 acting which j ,waa thdkt sort of acting praise, .nd QKitel, pnomei e, praiae ., cannot faj that Mr iw ? Xt.lB only to Jept good p^S1%rtfg,in thifl acwe k&rfmd.; He of Mademoiselle -Jsrstana the S* ?omplete,y ««». ?[jononrable man whiJ ^ °f a goc>d and K80* of hiB aJ"!h°' ev.ea *&avat; the im. the promnH ®ction8, » wishful to through the Sf Bot, indeed, ''8h l^vel of a J?' ^ ^Proaented ' this Of 'oSW"^ witt the put the character in bo charming a light, that he took with him, at every stage, the good feeling of the audience. The BitoationB were often critical, but, in no instance, did he let it be Been that there was even a risk of [pasBing the lines which kept him within the bounds of an honourable propriety. Miss Lester made of the part of the simple Breton girl a very pleasing representation! showing in good relief its guileless simplicity, and while demonstrating the strong affection entertained under circumstances which could not but give birth to it, she surrounded it with a halo of purity which made it accept able even to the most sensitive of moral natures. All the interest centres in these three characters. The rest, although accessory, are, nevertheless, subsidiary. Thus of the artiBt friend, excellently played by Mr. Vin cent ; also of the physician, Dr. Mortimer, most feelingly represented by Mr. Joyce, especially in the scene where he magnani mously resigns the hand of Marguerite; also of Mr. Danby, the parvenu, characteristi cally denoted by Mr. Carey; likewise of James, a footman, very humorously sketched by Master Bryer; nor less so of the First Commissionaire, a bit of characterisation most graphically set forth by Mr. Hogan; and equally of the Fisherman, picturesquely exhibited by Mr. Daniels. Of the ladies, Mrs. Wooldridge and Miss Dixon are to be specified in terms of high commendation for their several represen tation of the parvenue mother and daughter. Miss Bronton, as the selfish woman of the world, Lady Templemore, was too blandly amiable to te life-like, and all the rest were, speaking typographically, scarcely italicised. The piece has been repeated during the week, and if one may reckon by its absolute merit, it ought to keep the boards for several weeks more. The Metropolitan Liedertafel gave a con cert on Monday night at the Town-hall. The hall was crowded, and the programme was long. It was also dull and dreary, for all that the execution of the several pieces selected was, speaking technically, excellent. Bat there was a dullness over everybody and everything. The applause was forced, and there was not a Bingle bouquet thrown on to the platform, for all that Miss Christian was in perfect voice and sang well enough to delight an anchorite vowed to perpetual sad neBB; and so, for the matter of that, did Miss CarandinL Nevertheless, the concert was dull, and before the notes of the last piece were ended, most of the audience had gone home. The committee of the Lieder tafel may find it profitable to inquire into the reason of this dullness, but of the fact there is no doubt. The Franzini Company gave their first re presentation at St. George's Hall on Satur day night. The programme was pleasantly varied, and the names of Madame Franzini, Mr. R. J. Roberts, Miss Ada Heath, Miss Leaf, Miss Hose Fox, and Messrs. Harding and Crane will convey tolerably well the character of the performances, which con cluded with the little opera of " The Rose of Auvergne." Mr. Harcourt Lee conducted. 