FICTION (From English, American and other periodicals ABANDONED. CHAPTER IV. " I HAVE BEEN ROBBED !" Time passed, and Lady Durward arose from her couch of pain again ; the release for which she had hoped and prayed was not to be granted her. Her mission in life, it was evident, was not yet com- plete, and though her physician professed himself somewhat puzzled as to the nature of her disease not having been able to discover any adequate cause for such an utter prostration of all the vital forces \- yet he was untiring in his attentions and efforts to restore her, and it at length became apparent that the unhappy lady must take up her burden of life again. But she was a changed woman. Her beautiful rounded figure was reduced to a mere shadow. Her lovely eyes were dull, lustreless, and sunken. Her face like the face of the dead, but for its expression of pain, its look of hopeless woe. She never smiled, she scarcely ever spoke, except to give some necessary order, but sat all day with her hands idly folded before her, her eyes fixed on the distant hills, but with a look of stern resolve growing daily stronger in them as health returned, which told of some purpose yet to be accomplished \- some important decision arrived at. She never asked after her husband nor concerning his movements ; she never displayed any interest re- garding the affairs of her home ; she seemed to have forgotten even that she had pledged herself to sus- tain the reputation and character of the house of Durward. She ate, drank, and slept as her faithful maid Bessie directed, and waited to gather strength. One morning, the earl might have been seen in the remote portion of his grounds, walking about with gloomy brow, and muttering sullenly to him- self. His face wore an evil, dogged expression ; a fierce lurid light gleamed in his eyes, which finally changed to a look of reckless determination, and evidently boded no good to some luckless object which stood in his path. Back and forth, back and forth he strode, beneath the heavy shadow of the trees, for more than an hour. Then suddenly stopping short, and lifting his head defiantly, he exclaimed : " I'll do it—there may be some risk in it, but I've borne this kind of thing long enough," He turned, walked rapidly into the house, sought his library, and wrote rapidly for half an hour, sealed and directed three letters, and then went to post them himself. Two days later, about noon, two gentlemen arrived at the Towers from London. Not long after, good old Dr. Crawford, the family physician, arrived, and was introduced to Dr. Rodney Villers of Paris, and Dr, Chapman, of London. " I have finally determined to act upon your ad- vice," the earl said to him, after performing the introduction. "My wife is no better, but rather worse, and while I have perfect confidence in you, yet I begin to feel that something more must be done for her." "I am exceedingly relieved that you have con- sented to procure other advice, for I must confess that Lady Durward's case baffles me entirely," the good doctor said. " You know," he went on, " that I told you at first I thought there was some mental trouble which I could not fathom. I see that the difficulty increases day by day. Lady Durward is an entirely changed person from what she was six months ago. " I know! I know!" his lordship replied, with evident emotion. Then controlling himself with an effort, he proceeded : " Will you kindly explain her case as far as you can to these gentlemen, that they may be better able to form an opinion when they come to see her?" The doctor complied, and a long consultation fol- lowed, and then a message was dispatched to Made- line, saying that Doctor Crawford, with two friends, desired permission to visit her. She neither consented nor objected, but received the message with the same apathy that she received everything else. She cast one swift, searching glance into the faces of the strange physicians ; a gray pallor settled over her face, and then she relapsed into the same apa- thetic state as before. She paid no heed to their questions nor remarks, and the good old family doctor was obliged to answer all queries and explain all difficulties. Their visit to the poor woman was not a long one, but it was a very grave group that again repaired to the library where Lord Dudley sat awaiting them in great anxiety. They all agreed that his wife's case was a very serious one, but they could not agree as to the best mode of treatment. The strange physicians recommended that she be removed at once to some institution where she could receive active and radical treatment for a disordered brain. This proposition the tender-hearted Doctor Craw- ford objected to very strongly. He knew her delicate, sensitive nature, and feared the result of her being taken to a place infested with so many horrors. He proposed change of scene with a sea voyage, pleasant sights and companions, with no undue excitement, anxiety, or care of any kind ; then, if this failed, more active treatment might be attempted. The earl leaned strongly toward the opinion of the strange doctors, but his physician opposed so stren- uously anything like confinement for his wife, that, after pondering the matter, he appeared to concede the point. " How long will this trial of change need to be ?" he asked. "Not longer than a month, unless beneficial re- sults are attained," returned the old man, who was watching him narrowly. It had occurred to him that all domestic relations at the Towers might not be as harmonious as was desirable. " I wish to do the very best for Lady Durward that can be done," asserted the earl. " I trust so," was Doctor Crawford's laconic reply. "Then, with all deference to the opinion of these gentlemen," Lord Dudley said, with a a quick glance toward the strangers, " I shall try change of scene at once ; everything must be done that is possible to save her ladyship. Then if she is no better, I sup- pose I shall be obliged to resign her to other treat- ment." Doctor Crawford heaved a sigh of relief at this de- cision. He could not tolerate the thought of the beautiful lady of Leamington Towers bent sent to an isane asylum to wear out her days. He did not believe she was really insane, but that some heavy sorrow or trouble overshadowed her mind, which only rest and peace would remove. Satisfied with his lordship's promise he soon after took his leave. Then a long conference with the two strange phy- sicians followed, which ended in a sum of money being paid to him who called himself Doctor Rodney Villers, and who in return gave Lord Dudley a card, upon which he had written something in French. After their departure Bessie was summoned, and ordered to prepare her mistress for an immediate journey. She was much surprised at this communication, but more so and greatly distressed upon learning that she was not to accompany her dear lady. "She is just like a child, your lordship," she cried with starting tears, "and what will become of her if I am not with her to attend her." " I know she is very feeble," the earl answered, turning away from the girl's pleading eyes, " and I have been recommended to procure the services of an eminent French nurse." " But no one knows the ways of my lady as well as I, my lord ; oh, let me go with her—I know she would prefer me to a stranger," Bessie pleaded, eagerly, " It will be impossible," his lordship replied, frown- ing, " for a professional nurse would bear no inter- ference. " "But I would not interfere; I would only obey every instruction faithfully and attend her so care- fully." " It cannot be," he returned, curtly, adding, " and I wish everything to be in readiness for the journey by Tuesday morning. I shall be able to attend to all of Lady Durward's wants until we reach London, where we shall procure the services of a nurse." And Bessie was dismissed, in a greater distress of mind than she had ever suffered in her life before. Lady Durward heard the decision in silence, though the faintest smile of bitterness curved her thin lips upon learning that Bessie was not to accompany her upon her journey. But after awhile, when the girl complained of the hardship, she said, wearily : " It is better so, Bessie. You will be free for other duties, and - you will follow all my instructions faithfully?" " You may trust me entirely, my dear lady," she said, with streaming eyes. Then Lady Durward seemed to relapse into her former state ; but any one watching her closely, might have seen that she was somewhat agitated. She listened eagerly to every word, sound, and step. Her dull eyes became restless and busy, taking note of every occurrence, and when no one was by, she would rise and pace the room with quick, excited steps, growing quiet, however, as soon as she heard any one approaching. The day before their departure was close, sultry, and stormy. The air was heavy and oppressive, and as evening came on, a sullen stillness settled over all the earth, as if the forces of nature were secretly gathering strength to resist some fearful shock, or as if some fell demon wore hovering over its prey, be- fore swooping down in destruction upon it. The earl gave orders that the house should be closed early, that Lady Durward might rest well before beginning her journey; besides, he had that day withdrawn a large sum of money from his banker-some three thousand pounds-a portion of which was intended to liquidate some outstanding bills on the morrow before starting, and the re- mainder to be used for their expenses. Therefore he was anxious to have all doors early barred against all danger of intrusion. Lady Durward took an early tea, and then re- tired, dismissing Bessie for the night, for the poor girl was tired out with her ceaseless services of the day, in seeking to do everything for her mistress's comfort on her journey. She retired to an antechamber near by, that she might be within call in case Lady Durward needed her during the night, and then she wept herself to sleep over the coming separation. As soon as she was left alone, a change, sudden as it was wonderful, took place in her mistress. She arose from her couch, threw on a wrapper and gliding noiselessly about the room, locked every door, and drew close every curtain. Then approaching her dressing-case, she drew out drawer after drawer containing her jewels and valuables, gathering the most costly ones into a heap, and then sewing them firmly into different portions of the clothing which she was to wear on the morrow. This done she turned to her writing-desk, ex- amined all its contents carefully, destroying many of the papers and letters which it contained, and stow- ing away others about her person. She seemed almost like some ghostly visitant from the other world, as she moved noiselessly about the dimly-lighted room. Her dress was not whiter than her bloodless face, while her hands, which had grown so thin and transparent, seemed to remind one of the dead. But her eyes shone with a supernatural brilliance, and her movements were rapid and energetic, totally unlike her appearance of the last three or four months ; and midnight found her with her task still uncompleted. Below in his library sat the Earl of Durward weaving strange schemes in his busy, evil brain. Hour after hour he sat there, a wicked light in his dusky eyes, a sinister smile on his handsome mouth. The lights in the chandelier had all been put out, and only a waxen taper burned dimly in its silver socket upon the table by his side. He had been engaged in writing, for many papers and letters were scattered about, but his task was evidently completed, and he now sat leaning back in his luxurious chair, wholly absorbed in thought. Ere long the smile faded from his lips, the light from his eyes ; then his lids drooped slowly, and sleep stole over his senses, wrapping him in a deep, profound slumber. The observatory clock had struck the half-hour after two, when the heavy door behind him swung slowly and noiselessly open, A white figure, bearing a small lighted candle appeared upon the threshold ! It drew back instinctively, however, on beholding the sleeping man, as if startled by his unexpected presence. But presently, as if taking courage again, it ad- vanced with noiseless tread and glided to the oppo- site side of the room, where stood a massive safe. The figure was none other than Lord Dudley's wife, Madeline. She bent down and examined the door of the safe. It was locked, and no key visible. She knew that he always kept his keys in his private desk, in a little drawer which opened with a secret spring. Keeping her eyes fixed upon her husband's face and without making the slightest sound, she ap- proached this, and succeeded in possessing herself of the keys. As she passed his lordship on her way back to the safe, he stirred uneasily and murmured something in his sleep. Almost unconsciously she bent over him to listen, " You'll keep her close and sure, doctor," he mut- tered. She bent still lower, holding her breath, lest she should disturb him, and anxious to catch more. " Yes, yes, close and sure," he went on, " then by and by you can give me a paper proving-you know. Ha! ha ! then we'll see who dare thwart the Earl of Durward longer." These were the words which froze the blood in that pale woman's veins, and nearly paralyzed her limbs. With a gasp of horror she started away from him and for an instant it seemed as if she would fly from the spot. But the heavy, regular breathing of the sleeper seemed to reassure her, and turning In horror from him, she glided again to the safe. She easily opened it, and pulled out the money drawer. Her face, though stern as an avenging angel's, lighted for a moment when she discovered its con- tents. Without the least hesitation, she took the whole package of bank notes which lay within, and thrust them within her bosom. As she did so she saw a card in the bottom of the drawer with some writing upon it. Curiosity prompted her to pick it up and read it. The writing was in French. " Rodney Villers, M.D., Maison de Sante, Ru de la—, No, 32. (A hundred pounds a year for harm- less patients, five hundred for others). Received of the Earl of Durward, one hundred pounds on account, (Signed) Rodney Villers, M, D." Pen cannot describe the horror depicted upon the face and in the attitude of that injured wife. One delicate hand had closed over that card with the grasp of a vice, while the one that held the candle shook so that it is a wonder she did not drop it. Her startling eyes were fastened upon those horrible words, with an expression which would have haunted her husband through eternity could he have seen it, while the slight willowy form swayed as if about to fall to the floor. For the space of a minute not a sound was heard in that spacious room but the ticking of the clock upon the mantel, and the heavy breathing of the sleeper in his chair. Then a long, agonized cry, like that of a dying soul burst from the tortured heart, ringing out wild and weird on that solemn stillness, and at the same in- stant there came a vivid flash of lightning, followed by a loud and continuous roar of thunder, which startled his lordship in sudden fright from his deep slumber. He sat upright and rubbed his eyes, a cold shudder creeping through all his frame. He had had an ugly dream, which had terminated in dire disaster to himself, and in which had been mingled that cry of agony and the commotion of the elements. He looked about him, that startled pain which is invariably produced by an attack of the nightmare still tingling in all his veins, but as the storm without increased in violence, he seemed to be somewhat reassured. " Pshaw !" he said, " it was nothing but a vicious dream, rendered more real by the storm-it seems to me we are having more than the usual number of showers this season " He got up, stretched himself, and walked about the room, but still he could not rid himself of the terror which had awakened him. He started as the door opened, but it was only a servant, who also had heard strange noises, and had come down to ascertain their cause. He seemed surprised to find his master there at that time of night, and asked if he had called him. " No, I called no one," " But I am very sure, my lord, that I heard some one cry out," the man said, glancing uneasily around. " It was nothing but the storm, James. I dreamed I heard a strange cry, but awoke to find it only thun- der and lightning, Imagination and dreams go a great way toward giving one the horrors." Still the man did not appear satisfied, and kept peering into all the dark corners, as if he expected to find some burglar there. " Go back to bed, James," Lord Dudley commanded adding, " and I will retire also, I went to sleep in my chair, a very unusual thing for me to do, but I was mortally tired," and he took up his candle to leave the room. "Sir, look there! it was not a dream," suddenly exclaimed the servant, as be pointed with trembling hand to where the safe stood with its open door, and its drawer pulled out. With a muttered curse Lord Dudley sprang for- ward and looked. The drawer, of course, was empty, and he knew he had carefully locked it before sitting down to his writing, and put the keys away, " I have been robbed !" he cried, angrily. Thoroughly aroused now, they called up the other servants, and the great building was searched from top to bottom, but all to no purpose. The doors and windows were found fastened exactly as they had been left, and not a trace of any robber or intruder could be found. Care was taken that Lady Durward should not be disturbed at all, and only Bessie was allowed to peep into her chamber to see that all was right there. Everything was apparently just as she had left it, and her mistress seemed to be sleeping quietly. The matter remained a mystery, and the morning dawned upon a household filled with confusion not unmingled with a good deal of superstitious fear and dread. The servants predicted that the master would postpone his journey until the matter could be cleared up, but on the contrary, he made every preparation to start as he had planned, and com- manded that not a word be spoken concerning the robbery to any one until his return, and by no means was a rumor of it to be permitted to reach Lady Durward's ears. CHAPTER V. A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE The earl and countess left Leamington Towers at two for London, where, after having committed the secret of the robbery of the night before to an emin- ent detective, his lordship, with his charge, started for the Continent. Instead of crossing the channel directly from Dover to Calais, Lord Dudley, for some reason best known to himself, sailed for Havre ; further than that he did not acquaint his wife with his plans, but too well he knew them already, and had no need to ask whither their journey tended. His lordship had procured the services of a middle- aged woman to attend his wife as nurse. She was quiet, unassuming personage, apparently, but Lady Durward felt an unaccountable dislike to her, and re- quired no more of her attention than was absolutely necessary. She retained the same apathetic manner which had characterized her so long, but not a movement, how- ever trivial, escaped her now watchful, restless eyes. Their passage promised to be a hard one, and it seemed as if the gale of the previous night had fol- lowed them. The day had been rather a boisterous one, but his lordship kept hoping the wind would go down, and the weather clear before they sailed. It was a vain hope, however, for as the night settled down, the heavens became thickly overcast, the wind arose to a perfect tempest, and the waves rolled mountains high. For the first few hours the captain and crew be- trayed no anxiety, for the vessel was a stanch one, and had weathered many a storm of equal violence. But an impenetrable darkness hung over the sea, the waves rose higher and fiercer, sweeping ruthlessly over and coming in contact with her bows, like masses of molten lead, which made her tremble from stem to stern, as if suddenly arrested by a wall of iron ; when, subsiding for a moment as if gathering new force, they would surge onward with greater impetus, lifting her to a dizzy height and then plung- ing her down, down into the unfathomable depths beneath. It became evident at last that all control of the vessel was lost, and that she was being tossed about at the mercy of the heaving sea. The captain could no longer conceal his fear and dismay, while despair was written upon the faces of the crew, al- though they battled nobly to save the steamer and her precious freight from a watery grave. All at once there came a mighty, fearful crash, then a moment of horrible silence, followed by a scene of confusion and terror never to be forgotten - shrieks, groans, and cries for help, calls for life-preservers and loud and authoritative orders from the captain, mingled with the ocean's wild roar. The ship had been driven out of her course, and had struck upon the rocks ! The early dawn found them not so very far from land, but firmly wedged upon the rocks, and the ves- sel lying over upon her beam ends, while to add to the misery of all, it was now announced that a Ieak had been discovered. Orders were given to man the life-boats, and the Earl of Durward sought his wife, who had closely kept her state-room ever since the hour of starting. He told her of the disaster, while inflating a life- preserver for her and one for himself. Not a tremor of fear was visible on her fair face as she comprehended their situation. " How long will they be able to keep the ship afloat ?" she asked, with a calmness and indifference which surprised him. "Not above three hours, the captain told me, as I came down. The water is steadily gaining on the men." " Will they be able to use the life-boats ?" " They will try ; but in such a sea as this, it is doubtful whether they ever reach the land," his lord- ship replied, very pale, a terrible dread creeping over him. "Are you not afraid, Madeline ?" he asked,regard- ing her passionless face with wonder. " Afraid—of what?" and her clear eyes met his with a look that startled him. " Why, afraid of death, of course." " Death is preferable to some things," was the cold reply. " Indeed ! such as what?" and a bitter sneer wreathed his lips, even in his trembling haste to fasten his preserver. " Such as a miserable existence dragged out in a ' Maison de Sante,' " she said, turning her glittering eye full upon her husband. Had a thunderbolt struck him, he could not have started more violently. An oath leaped to his lips, and the blood rushed in a guilty torrent to the roots of his hair. " What do you mean?" he demanded, fiercely. " I mean that I know that a certain Dr. Rodney Villers, so called, who visited me lately, ostensibly to consult with good old Dr. Crawford, is proprietor of an insane asylum in Paris." " And what of that, Madeline ?" the earl asked, breathing more freely again at this reply. " We all feared," he went on, " that you were los- ing or had lost your mind, and your own physician desiring a consultation, I sent for two noted men, conversant with disease of the brain, to examine your case." " And this was their prescription," said Lady Dur- ward, rising, and thrusting something into her hus- band's hand. It was the card which she had found in the safe the night before, and which she had just taken from the folds of her dress. Lord Dudley staggered back as if he had received a deadly wound as be saw it. " Where-where did you get it?" he gasped. The color flushed her face for the first time in many weeks. " I should not have made this revelation to you," she replied, not heeding his question, "did I not be- lieve we were now both on the brink of death. I mistrusted both these strange men the moment they entered my chamber. I mistrusted, too, your hand in the matter, and was confirmed in my suspicions, when you bade me prepare for this journey." " This journey was arranged, madam, at your own doctor's suggestion," interrupted his lordship, angrily. " Yes, and doubtless at his suggestion, too, my own maid - the dear girl who has attended me faithfully so many years - is forbidden to accompany me, and, instead a strange nurse forced upon me," she said, with biting scorn, " It was not enough for you to crush my spirit and break my heart, but you must plan to kill me by confining me in a lunatic asylum. You bribed an unprincipled man to receive me into his loathsome den, and what further you had planned to do, I can only guess it." " Madeline, you are certainly mad, and a fit subject for an insane asylum. Why should I plan to do this thing?" Lord Dudley asked, with an appearance of injured innocence. " The law sometimes frees men from their vows to a crazy wife, you know ; you were talking about it in your sleep last night." "Talking in my sleep," he repeated, almost dazed by her words. " Yes," she said, speaking very rapidly, " I have not been quite so inanimate as I have appeared during the past few weeks. When I found that I could not die, I made up my mind that I could not live longer in your presence, and I had arranged to go away from your sight forever." " And you dared to think of bringing that disgrace upon me—to desert me, and leave me to be the butt of a gossiping community ?" he cried, in a rage. " Yes, I had planned just that, but had not arrived at any definite way of carrying it into effect, until your diabolical scheme was revealed to me by that card and your mutterings last night." " Enough," the wrathful earl hissed, seeing that she knew all. " I have heard all I wish of this mad gibberish ; perchance you will have your wish for death now, and I shall be relieved from the necessity of ministering to a mind diseased. But if we have any desire to be saved from a watery grave, I think it would be advisable to try for a chance in the life boat," he concluded, evidently thinking more of his own safety at that moment than of anything else. But Lady Durward planted herself in his path with her back to the door. Two small spots burned with crimson fire upon her sunken cheeks, her eyes shone with a light which seemed to pierce him through, and with one small hand raised to enforce his attention, she said, as if endowed with prophetic vision : " I do not expect to be saved, I think I am now looking my last upon your face in this world ; but I warn you, that if you should escape, your future will not be a pleasant one ; you may rise to even greater distinction and honor, and try to think you have triumphed over every obstacle by the mighty power of your will, but you will never be free from the stings of a guilty conscience. In the midst of your greatest glory, the ghost of a blighted life will haunt you like an avenging angel, and mark my words, when you have reached the topmost round of distinction, there will come a day when you will be hurled from that pinnacle to the very depths of deg- radation." "One thing more," she added, as he made an im- patient movement to be gone. " When you go back to Leamlngton Towers - if you should escape the danger now threatening you, take no further action regarding the robbery committed there last night. I opened your safe and took the money within." "Youl" " Yes ; I had no intention of becoming an inmate of a Maison de Sante, and knowing that I should need money in the future, I had no hesitation about appropriating what I found there for my comfort. I tell you this that no innocent person may be made to suffer for what I have done. I found at the same time that card which you have, and heard you tell in your sleep what my doom was to be." "Ah ! then it was you who uttered that unearthly cry," said her husband, with a sigh of relief. The mystery had troubled him exceedingly, but it was now explained, He was glad to know that no greater danger had menaced him. "Yes; it was wrung from me upon discovering the fate to which you intended consigning me. Now, Dudley Durward, farewell ! I go to my grave with- out a regret, for there I hope to find rest and peace, after my ruined and blighted life ; and may God grant you mercy when you also come to die!" She turned to open the door of the state-room, then facing him again, she asked : "Would you like the money which I took from the safe last night ?" Her words all seemed to imply that she thought he would be saved. "Where is it?" " Sewed into a belt around my waist." " No, no ; there will not be time." Again she turned from him and went out, leaving him alone arranging his life- preserver. In his anxiety to save himself, he had forgotten hers entirely. Outside, she seemed undecided what to do. Her head was bent in thought, and a spasm of pain con- vulsed her features. "No," she said, after a moment; " I will not tell him more ; he is not worthy. And whether he lives or dies, all will be well in the future. Bessie will at- tend to all as I have directed." She sought the deck with a tread that was firm and unfaltering. The captain was giving orders regarding the fill- ing of the life-boats. The wind was subsiding, but the sea was still rolling fearfully, and it was some- what doubtful whether the boats would ever reach the shore. Madeline approached the captain and stood quietly by his side, watching the passengers as one after another was lowered into the boats. He glanced into her white face with a look of com- passion. " Where is your husband, madam ?" he asked. " He will be here presently," she replied. " You have no life-preserver on," he remarked. " No," she said, indifferently. He immediately unclasped his own. She put out her hands to stop him, but with gentle force he buckled it around her, and then guided her to the side of the vessel, and put her into the arms of a sailor, bidding him be careful of his charge. She took her seat among the terror-stricken passengers as calmly as if she were about to take a pleasure-sail. There was not a shadow of a fear upon her face ; and as she looked out over the angry, surging waters, there was a tranquil gleam in her eyes, as if her sight had pierced the veil which divided the mortal from the immortal, and had caught a vision of the peace and rest beyond. She was scarcely seated when Lord Dudley sprang into the boat, and at the order of the captain, the ropes were cut which made it fast to the ill-fated vessel, and it bounded like a thing of life far from its sheltering side. Then began the struggle for life. Bravely and nobly did those strong men battle with the fierce waves, which tossed their frail bark like a cockle-shell upon their heaving bosom. More than half the distance to the shore was accomplished a few more vigorous strokes and they would all be safe. But, as if the sea were hungry for its prey, and lashed to fury lest it should be snatched from its greedy jaws, a huge wave came rolling with mighty force toward them. They saw it, and strove with despairing energy to avoid it, but it swept ruthlessly over them. Shrieks and cries mingled for one moment with the roar of the elements, as the boat capsized, and its human freight was hurled into the black, angry waters. The Earl of Durward had watched that mighty billow, as it came rolling towards them, with a stern, determined brow and compressed lips, and had planned his course of action. He grasped the side of the boat firmly with both hands, and when it went over he went with it. He never relaxed his hold for an instant, and though it nearly wrenched the life out of him, yet when it rose to the surface, keel upward, he came up, too, bruised and wrenched, but otherwise un- harmed. His first impulse was to look around to see what had become of his wife. Many were struggling with the waves, and some succeeded in laying hold of the boat, while others, after a few efforts, sank into their watery grave, and were seen no more. Just beyond his reach, on his right, Lord Dudley saw a white face and a gray dress floating on the waters. For one moment he gazed upon it, its calm, pale beauty stamping itself indelibly upon his brain, the next it was borne from his sight. The winds howled a mournful requiem, the waves roared a mocking dirge, and then all was blank. The captain of the ill-fated steamer, and a portion of his crew and a dozen passengers, were saved to tell the sad story of the wreck. The Earl of Durward was among the number. All others were reported lost, and but very few bodies were ever recovered. All that was found of tbe luckless Lady of Dur- ward was the captain's life preserver, to which a portion of her dress was attached, having been caught in the buckle when it was strapped upon her. Her bereaved (?) husband returned immediately to Leamington Towers, where he attended to his duties and mourned his loss with the utmost circum- spection for a year. At the end of which time he deemed it his duty to change his condition in life, and accordingly be led to the hymeneal altar the brilliant Míss Ida Trevors, a beauty and reputed heiress, niece and ward of the Right Honorable Augustus Trevors, of Ashton Park, near London. And thus, dear reader, ends the preface to our story. CHAPTER VI. MADAM LEICESTER In a handsome house not far from Hyde Park Corner, London, (the Belgravia so dear to all lovers of fashionable life) a family of five are gathered around a luxuriously spread breakfast-table. They comprise the master and mistress of the es- tablishment, and three young people. The former is a man of apparently about fifty, an exceedingly well-preserved personage, with only a few sprinklings of silver among his raven locks. He is of a somewhat pompous presence, and but for the habitual expression of discontent upon his handsome face, one would naturally suppose that he was upon the best of terms with the world and all it con- tained. Opposite him sits his wife, a very beautiful woman, with haughty mien and flashing eye, and a calm self possession and dignity, which tells that she is wholly capable of attending to her own interests, without the interference of any one. It is evident, too, from his manner of addressing her, and deferring to her opinions, that her husband stands somewhat in awe of the self-sustained partner of his joys! At the right of the father sits a maiden of about seventeen summers, and a lad of sixteen ; while op- posite them there is a tall, distinguished-looking young man of about twenty-three. Could the reader enter this sumptuous dining-room he would recognize but one of the party gathered there. The master of the house is none other than our old acquaintance, Lord Dudley Durward, of Leamington Towers. Eighteen years have passed since his marriage with the brilliant Miss Trevors - years which had proved to him that his own was not the only resolute will in the world; for his handsome wife, though many years younger than himself, had soon established the fact, beyond a doubt, that she was mistress of his home, if he was master, and that her rights were to be regarded as coequal with his. In less than a year after their union a daughter had been born to them. Another twelve months, to his lordship's great delight, had given him a son and heir ; and as year by year went by, multiplying wealth and worldly honors, the Earl of Durward had come to regard himself as of no small consequence in the world. Yet scarcely a day passed that some little circum- stance did not bring to his mind the vision of a white upturned face, as it floated away on a wild and tur- bid sea, and then was buried from his sight-of a pair of large, mournful blue eyes, a trembling, uplifted hand, and a solemn voice, warning him that when he should reach the very pinnacle of his glory, he would suddenly be hurled into the depths of degra- dation. In the midst of his business cares, in his hours of pleasure and excitement, in Parliament when he is swaying multitudes by the power of his eloquence, and in his dreams by night, this vision would rise to haunt him and turn him faint and sick for a mom- ent with its horribie memory. He is proud of his children ! They are his idols, and he exults in them, for through them he expects to see his own greatness reproduced and magnified. His daughter is budding into beautiful and grace- ful womanhood. She is bright and talented, and bids fair to reign a belle in the fashinonsble world, of which she is already growing very fond. His son is capable and intelligent beyond his years a boy of surprising mental endowments, and his fond father hugs to his heart the purpose of making him a statesman who shall yet sway the nation. Kenneth Malcolm, the fifth person at the breakfast table, is an orphan, and the son of a distant relative of Lord Dudley's. He is of Scotch descent, and as noble a specimen of manhood as one would care to see. His father, when dying, some ten years previous had committed him to the guardianship of Lord Dudley, who was to act in that capacity until his ward should reach the age of twenty-five. By a provision of the will he was not to control his estate until he reached that age, though at twenty-one he was to have, an income of four thousand pounds a year. Lord Dudley professes to be very fond of his pro- mising ward, who is heir to vast possessions, and no less than three titles, baron, viscount, and earl, and in his secret heart he has already decreed that his charming daughter shall share his honors and grace his coronet. Young Kenneth looks what his name indicates - a leader and commander. He is a man of decided opinions and original ideas, and though he yields all due deference to his guardian's views, and more ma- ture judgment, yet there are times when steel and flint strike fire, and the young man betrays that he will not much longer submit to leading-strings. A gentle hand could guide him with a thread - a spear of strongest metal would not drive him an inch. The circle gathered around the breakfast-table is bright and animated, and a pleasant picture to look upon. "Papa,"said his lordship's daughter, as she passed her plate to be helped, " you have not yet asked me one word about my new teacher and school." " Well, Caro, how is it ? Do you bid fair to come forth polished to the last degree of perfection from the tuition of the wonderful Madam Leicester ?" Lord Dudley asked, smiling fondly into the bright face upturned to his. " If I can copy the madam herself, I shall indeed become simply perfect," replied Miss Caroline, en- thusiastically. " Indeed! and who may this astonishing paragon be who is to accomplish such a miracle ?" " Miracle ! Really, papa, that is not very compli- mentary to my native talent," the young girl said with a pout. " But I assure you that Madam Leices- ter is the loveliest lady living, isn't she, mamma ?" " Really, Caro, I think doubtful compliments must be in order this morning, especially when our lady mother is present," interposed her brother Ralph, who was his mother's champion upon all occasions. Lady Durward bestowed a fond smile upon him for his boyish gallantry, so she replied : " Madame Leicester, I must confess, seems like a very remarkable person. She is a woman of queenly presence and great beauty. Her manner is ex- ceedingly polished, and her language the choicest. From her appearance I should judge that she is in the habit of mingling with the very elite of society. Yet I am told that she is never seen in public." "Really you make her out to be quite a superior person. And is it not somewhat strange that we never happened to hear of her before ?" asked the Earl, becoming interested. "I don't know,"Lady Durward replied, thought- fully. " It does, and yet it does not, She came from Rouen about six years ago, where she had been teaching for a long time, and with great success." " Why then did she make a change ?" I believe the climate did not agree with her health. She presented the best of references, and advertised a very select school, but you know our English pro- clivities of distrusting everything new or foreign, so it is only until quite recently that she has been patronized by the nobility. Lady Ascott first heard of her as being very superior in her manner of teach- ing, and also of her proficiency in several languages ; and being unable to procure a suitable governess for nnabel, she instituted a new departure and resolved to try Madam Leicester's school." " That was a new departure, surely," remarked the earl. "The result has been more than satisfactory to Lady Ascott," continued the countess, " for Annabel has improved wonderfully, while madam has become quite popular, and has received more applications than she has accommodation for." "How did you succeed in entering Caro, if that is the case?" her husband asked, in surprise. " I suppose it must have been through Lady As- cott's influence. I can account for it in no other way, since she refused to receive the Honorable William Capron's daughters, while she did not demur in the least when I applied for Caro." Lord Dudley smiled complacently at this reply, and attributed the circumstance to his superior re- putation and influence. "And oh, papa, she has the loveliest daughter that ever the sun shone on," said Ralph, who had a keen appreciation of beauty, and had waited anxi- ously for a pause to make this statement. His speech was greeted by a burst of laughter from all his hearers. " Well, well, my boy," said his father, " it seems to me I heard some one finding fault about doubt- ful compliments a while ago. Young men who have aspiring sisters should be careful about making such speeches in their presence. " Caro does very well, but she can't hold a candle to madam's daughter," returned Ralph, coloring vividly, but stoutly defending his cause. Frankness at all events, was one of his virtues. " How do you happen to be so well informed? Pray did you accompany your mother and sister into these wonderful regions of classic lore ?" asked the earl, quizzingly. " I did, sir, and wonderful they are, too. Madam's rooms are perfectly elegant, and there is an air about them which even we do not have here," the boy said, glancing critically around the elegantly furnished apartment. "Really, my son," his father responded, again laughing heartily, " I fear the light from the maiden's bright presence has thrown a glamour over your vision, and we shall have to prohibit all future visiting at this enchanted palace, or you will be getting your amorous wings singed before you are aware of it." " May I inquire the name of this fair siren ?" asked Kenneth Malcolm, who had not spoken before, yet had been an amused and interested listener. " You may all laugh as much as you choose," exclaimed Ralph, proudly, yet with heightened color, " but I shall not concede my point." "Bravo, my boy! that is right - stick to your text, and don't let anyone beat your logic. But you did not tell us the name of madam's daughter," returned the earl, delighted with his boy's spirit and independence. " Nina, madam called her - Nina Leicester. Is it not pretty ?" Ralph asked, turning to Kenneth. " It is, certainly ; but how old may this pretty little girl be ?" queried the young man, a sparkle of mischief in his fine eyes, " Pretty little girl indeed !" repeated Ralph, con- temptuously. " Really sir, I think she is capable of annihilating you if you should put that question in her presence. The young lady, Caro says, is eigh- teen years old ; and I tell you she is like a young princess - tall and fair, and stately as the Empress Eugene herself, over whom I heard you go into rap- tures the other day." "I crave the stately young lady's pardon," re- turned young Malcolm, bowing with mock humility, 'Pshaw, Ralph !" interrupted Caroline, impa- tiently. "I think your wings must be already singed by the way you talk. I am sure there are plenty of giris in the world as handsome as Nina Leicester." Miss Caroline Durward was not pleased to hear the charms of another so enthusiastically rehearsed, particularly in the presence of Kenneth Malcolm. She was well aware of her parent's views regard- ing her future destiny, and since the young noble- man was her ideal of all manly excellence, she was nothing averse to helping them carry out their plans. He had always been a favourite with her, for he was invariably kind and obliging to her, and during the past two or three years her regard had deepened into something stronger than mere liking ; and she had resolved to make herself worthy to be his wife, and to fill the enviable position to which he would raise the woman of his choice. " That is just the way with you, Caro," her brother responded to her impatient remark, " you are al- ways jealous of any one who ís prettier than you ; but I mean that Kenneth shall yet see " this pretty little girl," and then judge for himself whether what I have said is true or not." " I am willing to grant that she is fine-looking, but what interest do you suppose Kenneth can pos- sibly have in a girl in her position ?" demanded Caroline, haughtily. "You forgot, sister mine, that he is very demo- cratic in his views. Our bold Scott here believes that ' the man makes the position, and not position the man,' " Ralph retorted, triumphantly. " We all know that a good man honors his posi- tion, and a bad one dishonors it; but I think that even Kenneth has a due respect for rank and place in the world," observed Lord Dudley, with a search- ing look into the young man's face, "I believe in true worth wherever it is found. Rank and position are well enough in my estimation, provided they do not serve to set people up above others, who perhaps are just as worthy in every way except name and title," Kenneth replied with an in- dependence which showed he did not fear to express his sentiments no matter who opposed. Lord Dudley frowned. This was one of a few disputed points between them. " But you do not believe in high and low mingling indiscriminately, do you ?" he persisted. " I believe that a tradesman if he is your equal and mine in power of intellect and culture, should be per- mitted to mingle in the same society. The same God created all men in his own image," the young man returned, reverently. " Would you have them intermarry ?" demanded the earl, aghast. "Supposing Ralph here should live to reach manhood, and should meet a young lady, the daughter of a tradesman, who had enjoyed every advantage which you had been able to confer upon him ; suppose she was as accomplished and refined as you expect your own daughter to be, if they loved each other, would you think it right to destroy the happiness of two lives simply because she did not happen to be bom under a paltry title ?" Kenneth Malcolm asked, with something like scorn ringing through his clear tones. " No son of mine could do such a thing," the proud man answered, sternly. " Nay, but supposing he did ?" persisted Kenneth. " Then he would be a son of mine no longer !" his lordship said, bringing his hand down heavily upon the table to enforce his words. " Well, forewarned, they say, is forearmed," the young man returned, laughing, and glancing slyly at Ralph. He had no desire to pursue the subject further, for he knew they could never agree. " I trust that not only my son but my ward will pay due deference to the proprieties of life, when you come to make your choice of a wife," Lord Dudley said with a searching glance. "I trust we shall both choose worthily - and hap- pily," the young man answered, gravely. As he replied, some magnetic influence seemed to draw his glance to Caroline. She was gazing earnestly at him, eagerly drinking in every word he uttered. As she met his eyes her own drooped, and a con- scious blush overspread her face as she turned away in confusion. Lady Durward, noticing it, smiled meaningly at her husband, and gave the signal for leaving the table. (To be continued.) 