ATTICS' OF THE DA Y. T'rom our European telegrams we learn that Lord Hartington having declined to form a Ministry, Mr.. W. E. Gladstone was sent for by tlio Queen, and has undertaken tho onerous duty. How far he had succeeded and what rnIIr>n<mr-4 Rr» Iifirl ntnipnrl \roro finnp.rf-nt.1v nil- known late on Saturday, but simply that Mr. Gladstone will be Premier and Chancellor of the Exchequer. The wool sales are progress ing satisfactorily, prices being better than at the opening sales. In Eastern Europe the re arrangement ef the Turkish boundaries, involv ing the acquisition by Montenegro of a portion of Albania, is still incomplete, and the Monte negrin forces have been ordered to occupy the country in dispute. This may lead to serious difficulty. In Afghanistan the British troops, under General Stewart, have captured and oc cupied Gbuznee, after a sanguinary contest, in the course of which 2000 of the Afghans were killed or wounded out of 15,000 engaged. This was accomplished mainly by tho superiority of the British artillery, and it accounts for the small loss sustained by the conquerors. Most of tho members of the Administration were absent from town on Saturday. Mr. Puffy was inspecting the experimental farm at Cashel ; Mr. Bent was at BaUarat and Hor sham ; and Mr. Clark was at Saudhurst. The Premier attendedat his department in the morn ing, and was for some time engaged with the Under- Treasurer diecussing departmental and financial matters. A meeting of the Cabinet wiU be held to-morrow. It is announced that Mr. Thompson Moore, who has for some years been one of the representatives of Mandur&ng; in the Assembly, has bcea appointed ilinis- terial whip, the post which Mr. Gaunson re fused to accept. Mr. Moore is popular and wellknown among hon. members, and is re cognised as emphaticaUy a silent member, not having ever made a speech to the. House during the whole of his Parliamentary career. The steamship Orient, of tho Orient Line, appears likely to distinguish herself on this her second voyage from London, by making the fastest voyage on record, thereby beating the celebrated run out of the Sorata, another of the companjs steamers. The Orient was notified by telegram to Messrs. Bright Bros, and Co. on Saturday as having readied Table Bay on the 22nd inst. at 5 a.m., and left again on tho foU owing day at noon, making to that point tho quickest passage yet accomplished by any vessel. Her time of leaving Plymouth was noon on the 3rd of April, and, as per tho time-tables, St. Vincent's on the .11th, and Table Bay on the 26th ; thus it will bo seen she had gained three days that far, and as the remainder of tho passage is at all seasons con sidered ' tho part whero any previous short comings may bo mado up by the prevailing westerly winds, there is no reason why she may not bo looked for to arrive at Adelaide on the Sth of next month, which is eight days within tho specified time-table date, and would make her then out thirty-five days, including stoppages at St. Vincent's and the Cape. Tlie Orient is.' under tho conmand of Captain Hcwison, late of the Lusitania. and who was to have brought her out on her maiden trip had not his health failed just fyrior to tho vessel being ready for sea. Tlie wind yesterday morning at nine o'clock varied no less than fourteen points between Port Phillip Heads and Hobson's Bay. This was the more peculiar, as it was blowing hard at both places. In tho Bay it blew half a gale from H.NAV., and at the Heads a gale from S.E.; and along the coast at the various head lands it was notified as cast, blowing strong. Towards noon in the Bay it hauled to the north, and tho same at the Heads; but at Cape Otway and Wilson's Promontory the wind still remained from the S.E. A tele gram from Flinders received yesterday fore noon stated that the schooner Martha dragged both her anchors in the night during an easterly galo And lies in a dangerous position off tlie rocks about 400 yards to the northward of the jetty. Both anchors are down and appear to hold. 'Hie gale has somewhat abated, but there is a heavy rolling sea on. If the wind subsides it is believed sho will be safe. A later telegram from Flinders stated - that the wind had abated and that the Martha was then in safety. At six p.m. the following weather reports were telegraphed : — Wilson's Promontory, S.S.E., strong gale. Cape Ot way, S.E., galo. Cape Schanck, S.S.E., light. Port Phillip Heads, north, fresh. At the samo time in Hobson's Bay tho wind was north, very light. Br. Paley, superintendent nf lunatic asylums, has forwarded to tho Chief Secretary a long report in reply to a memo, upon tho manage ment of the Kew and Yaira Bend Asylums, drawn up by Sir. Castieau. Br. Paley was asked by tho Government to answer Mr. Castieau's report, and in his reply, which is published elsewhere, he defends the existing system of management in theso asylums. Mr. George C. Levey, secretary to the Mel bourne International Exhibition Commission, who has beon in Europe for the past six months engaged in promoting the interests of the undertaking, has telegraphed his intention to leave London on the 1st prox. He expects to reach Melbourne early in June, when he will at ouco resume the duties of his office here. Tho committee of commissioners appointed to revise the applications for 6pace in tho Mel bourne International Exhibition havo almost completed their labors, nearly the whole of tlio applications having been doalt with, the bal ance being referred to the wine, fine arte and other special committees. The revision com mittee will submit their report to the execu tive committee to-morrow, and, if adopted, the decisions contained in it will be at once communicated to the applicants for space. Heavy rain descended at a late honr on Saturday 'night and continued- for several hours during Sunday morning. The amount registered at tlio Observatory as having fallen between tbo hours of five o'clock p.m., and ten o'clock yesterday morning is nearly three-quarters of an inch. Tho wind during tho night was variable, and yesterday there were ' decided evidences of atmospherical disturbances portending a radical change in tho weather, probably of a seasonable nature, that is a discontinuance of tho muggy close weather experienced of late in favor of cold and rain. Amongst other indications of disturbances what was. thought to bo an aurora was noticed at the Observa tory last night, and in consequence it is thought possible that intelligence of a cyclono along the coast may bo received during the day. Rain during tho week was pretty general all over the colony, but yester day being Sunday, no intelligence as to the naturo of tho weather in tho country was re ceived at the Observatory. The Telegraph department received the fol lowing memo, from Rangoon on Saturday : — " Rangoon and Calcutta lines working badly." Tho races at Kensington Park on Saturday passed off ruost agreeably. The weather was lino ami there was an excellent attendance. The fields were largo in every instance ex cepting the Steeplechase, which was reduced to four runners. Bevilshoof won tho Hurdlo Race, Bollar the April Handicap, Elsie tho Pony Race ; the Ace of Trumps took tho Steeplechase, two out of tho four horses falling; and the Final Flutter was recorded in favor of Batter, with Sea King second. The inspector stationed on the Goulburn Valley line reported to the department . on Saturday that the river at Toolauiba had risen to a further height of 6 feot, making a total of 14 feet above the ordinary level, but he did not consider that there was any immediate danger of the permanent way being seriously injured. A gang of men was on the spot ready to effect any repairs which might be neces sary. Tbo pipes of the pump which was used to obtain water for the Tatura engino had become choked by tlio Hooding of the stream and thus rendered unworkable, and conse quently that locomotive had to be sent to bkepparton to be supplied. An application was made to Mr. Justice Molesworth on Saturday by Mr. Goldsmith, on behalf of Alexandt.: Young, of Fitzroy, to remove the name of the latter from the list of coutributories of the Provincial and Suburban Bank, aud to rectify the share register. Tho grounds of the application were that Young had purchased a number of shares from T. K. Bonnet, in 1578, and had lodged a transfer accordingly, but that instead of being regis tered in respect of tlie shares so bought he was entered in the register aud charged as a con tributory for fifty shares transferred to him from Brnablecombe, the late aeconutant of tho bank, Bonnet's fifty shares being apparently transferred to some one else. Mr. Braham ap peared to oppose on behalf of the official liqui- dators, and his Honor refused the application on the ground that as Young admitted his liability as to fifty shares it seemed immaterial now that the bank was being wound up from whom they were acquired. His Honor de clined to grant cost®. An accident occurred to the Wood' Point coach on Saturday which, providentially, was not attended with any very serious results. As tho coach was descending one of tlio steep sidling, between Fernshaw and Jlcalcsvillc, with a strong pressure on the brake, the horses swerved to one aide, owing, as is be lieved, to the defective action of the brake, when horses, coach and twelve passengers were precipitated down the gully, thirty or forty feet, the coach rolling over, smashing the pole and ejecting the pa:-wengcrs on the box seat ; (ladies) under the horses' feet. The driver, Mr. Archie Grant, stuck manfully to his team and held them quiet until all were got clear. The horses were then got out, trembling with fright, and the coach righted. Fortunately there was a sufficient number of male passen gers, who, by great exertions, managed to haul the coach up on to tho road again, when the horses were again put to and the conveyance made its way to Hcalesville, the passengers walking down the steepest portions of the road. JIad the occurrence taken place higher up the ppur, it is impossible to say what the result would have been. Every passenger, with tho exception of a scratch or two, escaped without injury. An ordinary meeting of tlie City Council will be held to-day. Besides the postponed business from the previous meeting the market committee recommend tho acceptance of the following tenders for the lease of the markets mentioned for one year : — Queen Victoria Market, Mr. Denis Wadick, £5S77 ; Hay Market, Sir. Richard Meagher, £1403 ; Fish Market, Mr. John Lewis, £2205; Spenccr- otreet Market, Mr. Michael Cormick, £291. The market committee will also sub mit a petition against the removal of Mr. Bonald as the inspector of tho Queen Victoria Market. The same committee also report to the effect that they cannot recommend that tho application for the refund of £250 of rent paid by the council for the Juvenile Exhibition be granted. A petition will be presented to the council by Alderman JIam from the residents of Little Collins- street cast, drawing attention to the defective drainage in that thoroughfare. The nuisance is one which the residents of that locality have for some time complained about, and it has re cently become so offensive that they express themselves determined to seek redress. The other business is of a routine nature. Our Gcelong correspondent, writing under Saturday's date, says : — Mr. Graham Berry has severed his connection with the Gcelong . Advertiser, the sole proprietor of that journal now being Mr. Alfred Bouglass. A swimming match for the championship of the colony took place on Saturday at Hc- garty's Baths, St. Kilda. The competitors were F. Kitts and J. W. M'lnaoe ; the dis tance 100 yards, and the prize a silver cup. It resulted in M'Indoe being victorious, the time being 1 min. 11J sec. Tho nice was of an exciting character, and was well contested. M'lndoo, the winner of tho race, was the' previous holder of the championship. Another important event was tho Challenge, Cup, distance 1000 yards, which was also won by MTndoe, the champion, who started at scratch, his brother Charles M'Indoe, who received a handicap of thirty seconds, coming in a short distance behind him. In tho evening asocial gathering was held at the Union Club Hotel, when tho presentation of prizes took place. The chair was occupied by Judge Cope and he distributed the prizes. The health of tho champion, of Mr. Wilson (the donor of the clip), of Judge Cope, and Mr. Harriman, vico- cbalrman, wero proposed and duly honored. . Tho railway station at Burnley-street, Rich, mond, will bo ready for use on tbo 1st prox., on which day it will bo opened for traffic. A little more than a week ago William Robinson, an elderly man, was remanded to gaol by the City Bench, and his stato of health was such as to render his immediate removal to the gaol hospital necessary. Ho was suf fering from an incurable disease, nnd. in accordance with tho report of Br. Shiels an effort was made to gain for him admission into the Melbourne Hospital. He was taken to that institution on Saturday, and examined by one of tho resident medical 6taff, who re fused his admission, and the unfortunate man will therefore have to .remain in the gaol hos pital. The . cause assigned for the refusal to admit him into the hospital is that Robinson is suffering from a chronic disease which is not immediately dangerous, and that the hospital is now overcrowded with other and more urgent . cases. In conse quence of tho number of cases which aro now in the hospital beds have to he made on tho floor in several of tho wards, and tho greatest care lias to bo observed by the medi cal staff that only suitable cases are admitted. The case of Robinson, however, appears to he a hard one, and certainly is not one suitable for a gaol hospital. On Saturday, Mr. J. Cosmo Newbery, su perintendent of tlie Tcchuological Museum, delivered the second of a series of weekly lec tures on technological subjects at the lecture hall of tho institution. There woe a good at tendance, and the audience was interested and appreciative. The subject of his lecture was a description 'of the metallurgical section of the museum, commencing \rith a description of the varieties of metals which tho metal lurgist treats. He described the way in which the several metals could be recognised, and their physical properties ascertained. After the lecture was finished a visit was paid to the laboratory, where practical illustrations were given to illustrate the lecture. It is quite likely that before the session concludes the hall at the museum will hardly be Large enough for the audiences. The attitude of Mr. Gillies in connection with the railway scheme scheduled by the late Ministry, to run from Keilor-road to Bacchus Marsh, and from Gordon to Ballon, is much commented on. The Bacchus Marsh Express says : — " For a Ministry which has tried hard to make capital out of the Berry political jobs, so called, it is thought rather rich in Mr. Gillies, as soon as in office, where none of his friends think him a conspicuous success, to immediately 6top surveys and order fresh, ones." St.. Moricc's Roman Catholic Church, cen- Ktrncted of iron, and latelv removed fmm 1ia Pascoevale-road to Mount Alexander-road, lEsscndon, was formally consecrated yesterday by . Archbishop Goold, assisted by Fathers Moran, Daly, Bonaghy and Dennis, the latter > celebrating mass. After a suitable sermon, preached by one of the Fathers, the Arch bishop performed the ceremony of consecra tion The chur$h will accommodate 350 per sons, and tho removal cost £150. The" ap proaches to its new site ore in a very primeval condition and will require considerable outlay in improvements to render them convenient for church frequenters in the winter season A funeral of an interesting and uncommon kind took place in the Melbourne General Cemetery on Wednesday last. It was that of/ Miss Jane Reynolds, one of the sodality ot tlio Children of Mary, attached to tho church of tho Jesuits at Richmond. The remains lay in the church all day up to half-past two Cn Wednesday, when the funeral service was per formed; by tho Rcr. J. Mulhall, S.J., in th<? presence of eighty members of the society to which the deceased belonged and who were attired in white. The coffin, containing the body, was then borne to tho hearse between two files of children who sang in the mean time several hymns. The funeral cortege in cluded thirteen vehicles containing Children of Mary. Upon the cemetery being reached the coffin was removed from the hearse to tho mortuary chapel in the Roman Catholic por tion of the cemetery, followed by altar atten dants in cassocks and surplice and the Children of Mary. The service in the chapel was per formed by Father Mulhall Several other hymns were sung as tlie remains were carried to and interred in the grave, at which tho clergyman already named recited tlie final prayers. The adjourned revision court was held at Coburg on Saturday before Messrs. Mailor, Ritchie and Anketcll, Js.P. Tho supplemen tary list of the Campbellfield division of tho South Province, after being examined, was signed by the presiding magistrate as being correct. A drover who was engaged on Saturday afternoon in removing a Hock of sheep from the East Melbourne cricket ground was guilty of such gross cruelty to a horse which he rode as to cause a general feeling of indignation in tho minds of several persons who witnessed liis conduct, and he narrowly escaped summary punishment for his inhumanity. Tho animal, which presented an appearance anything but creditable to its owner, was assailed in a most brutal manner by tho mau without any apparent reason other than that it wan dered from him when he had dismounted and released his hold of the bridle. Ho struck it violently below the eye and on its shoulder with large pieces of bluestono road metal and lacked it mercilessly on the body, and he only desisted when some gentlemen who were pre sent indicated most unmistakably that they would not allow him to further continue the torture. Bat as soon as the fellow was again in tho saddle he renewed the attack, and for fully five minutes before he rode away ho l.worated tho sides of tho horso severely with the spurs. There was no constable within dew at the time, although one appeared soon afterward?. There is no reason, however, why the brute should not be proceeded against for having offended against the laws of humanity, and the society which accepts the responsibility of prosecuting such cases might Tory properly institute inquiries. Between six and seven o'clock on Satur day evening, while Br. M4Inerney was driving down the Sydney -road, in Brunswick, he ob served a lad running backwards towards hi buggy, and before he could pull up the trap knocked the boy down, the wheel pa>;s;in over his foot. On being picked up and taken into a chemist's shop he w;ts examined by the doctor, who came to tho conclusion there were no bones broken, rnd conveyed him to his home, at Mr. "Walter Jarvie's, a resident of tho lo cality. On inquiry last evening it was found the foot was very much swollen, an arm se verely bruised, as also one side of hi head, and that vomiting had occurred, suggesting the idea that concussion of the brain existed. The prisoner Scott, alias Brown, who was so violent in his manner at tlie Pentridge Stockage, died on Saturday moraine after suffering very great pain. It had been decided to have him sent to the Lunatic Asylum, and tho necessary documents had been 6igned ; bu! as his strength was so much reduced it w&i; thought advisable not to do so for a few days, 'J'here appears to he much doubt among the medical men as to the cause of his death. An inquest will be held to-day. Tho following casualties were admitted into the Melbourne Hospital eince last Friday Robert Jones, a jockey by profession, aged 16 years, and residing at Black Rock, Brighton, suffering from fractured clavicle, caused by falling off the horso he was riding in the Kensington races ; Katherine Mcgister, 48 years. of ago residing at Madeline-street, suf fering f.oin a fractured shoulder caused by slipping near a. tap and falling against it. Nearly all the sawmills about Eohuca havo discharged all hands, there being no orders for timber ; and news is to hand that one of the Lower Murray mills has also paid off nearly 100 men, in which case it is anticipated that before the end of the present week there will be upwards of 300 men out of work ir Echuca. A resident of Great "Western named Findlaj met with a very painful accident a few dayi since. The Pleasant Creek A cm says : — "H« was driving a horse and dray, and while walk ing beside the former he stumbled and fell in such a manner that his head came right in front of the wheel. This passed over a part of his forehead, and glancing off, tore with it a considerable portion of the scalp, leaving the skull exposed at the temple. Tho bone was not fractured, and the sufferer is progressing favorably at the Ararat hospital." Tlie desire of discharged prisoners or other persons to supply the prisoners at Pentridge with.the latest news of the day was shown on Saturday morning. As "Warder Henry was going to. hia duty he found four Evening Heralds of Friday's date, which were carefully tied up, and It is thought had been llimg over the wall not far from the place where a gang of prisoners .work and were probably intended for them. The papers in question contained a short article on the prisoner Scott, which had reference to his recent career at Pentridge. The recent propitious weather that has. been experienced is showing its results in all parts . of tlie Rochester district. Tho hxpress says : —-"The country round is wearing 41 splendid appearance, most pleasing to the farmer and grazier. The crops have been got in, and in a large number of instances tho grain is above ground looking clear and healthy, Moat of tho self-sown crops, a large area of which is set apart, too, are promising well, and alto gether the farmers anticipate an early and bountiful harvest." On Saturday night Professor Pepper re . pcatcd the lecture and entertainment given by ; him during tlie week in St. George's Hall, on the subject of Statuary, and during the evening he introduced a novelty in the shape of two ghost scenes, both of which were neatly exe cuted. In the first scene the figure of a mail standing motionless on the stage was repre sented, and in tho second a skeleton was re flected, standing in the samo place. In both scenes the illusion was so well executed that to the audience the cause of the apparition ap peared inexplicable. Professor Pepper continued his series of lpctures 011 the Wonders of the Heavens at St. George's Hall last eveniug, hut in conse quence of the police authorities having inter dicted the sale of tickets at the doors, which was held to constitute a bre/lch of the law, the visitors were afforded an opportunity of con tributing voluntarily. Thoy did so cheerily, and were rewarded by a roost explicit ex planation of the conditions of celestial bodies, with especial referenco to planets, comets and nebulas. In resuming, the professor retraced tlio progress mado towards the conclusion of the last lecture under the first named division by exhibiting views and discoursing upon the characteristics of tlie moon, Jupiter, Saturn and Mars, and then continued by au investigation into the appearances and known formation of comets. Tliey were described, on the authority of eminent astronomers, an being wandering volcanos emitting an attenu ated vapor, which gave the effect of the tail, nnd it was assumed that tho likelihood of ouo ever striking a planet was incalculably remote, although the luminous train might, and often did, envelope tlio earth without causing any ap parent alteration in the atmosphere. They were further declared to havo no influence on the seasons, although it had been generally sup posed by the unlearned that they had, and tho audience was afforded a detailed recapitulation of the years in whioh celebrated comets had been seen. The stars received brief mention, the subject being considered of sufficient im portance to warrant the setting apart of an en tire evening to its consideration, and the profes sor passed on to and conclnded by an interesting dissertation upon the nebulas as discovered through tbo assistance of the principal telescopes in the world. The lectures will bo continued next Sunday evening. There was a chango of programme at tho People's Theatre on Saturday night, and the varied entertainment submitted met with hearty appreciation from a large house. The singing of the Mammoth Minstrels in tbo first part was .very good. Mr. Braham met with a hearty rfceeption, and the ballad ung bv him. Hark, the Brum, was encored. Mr. Hawkins's rendition of the ballad Robin, Tell Kitty I'm Coming was also encored. In a farce entitled Casey the Piper Mr. Sam. Rickey as Casey and Mr. M'Carthy as Mike 'M'Kcnna succeeded in keoping the house amused for over twenty minutes, whilst the dancing of Messrs. "Waters and Kelly, which followed, was clever and grotesque. Mr. Hairy Le Clair's female impersonations and songs were heartily appreciated, and the burlesque on tbe opera of Maritana, in which the Mammoth Minstrels took part, proved very amusing, and brought the entertainment to a close. The People's Concert in the Temperance Hall was largely patronised on Saturday night last. Mr. Geo. Bromley in his impersonation of Brown the tragedian, The Mad Butcher, Old Mrs. Pattypan, and The Twin, created un bounded inirth. Mr. Beaumont Read also ap peared and was well received. He sang Angels Listen When She Sleeps and The Bay When You'll Forget Mc. Each of these songs received an cnoorc. Several old favorites also appeared and were successful iu their various numbers. Ten Nights in a Bar- room is to be produced si tbo Victoria Theatre, Emerald-hill, to-night. "Wo havo received from Messrs. Gordonand Gotch, tbo importers, tho third volume of tbe Family Herald Supjrfements. It contains a number of well-written, short novelettes, and U published at a very low price. A second newspaper has been started at Tatura. A copy of the first issuo of tho Guar' <lia»t published on Thursday last, has reached us. It is a creditable number and contains a good selection of reading matter. Wehavereccivcdac ry of the Law List of Aus tralasia from the publisher, Mr. C. K. Maxwell. Tbo compiler is Mr. Robert H. Smith, attorney- it comprises particulars of tbe< justices and officers of tbo courts of justice, with their rule?, in all the Australasian colonies. The success of the Fifth and Sixth Union Euildipg Societies iu Melbourne has led to the issue ot tho prospectus of the Seventh Union Building Socictj, published in another column. In the list of tho provisional directory will be found names that will be regarded as a guarantee of the soundness of the principles on wbHi the society will he worked. The number ot eases relieved weekly by tbe committee of the. Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society for tbo fortnight ending 20th April was Families, OSS (numbering 1935 iudividusils), com- prising, widows, 301; sick and infirm, 87' deserted wives, 03 ; wives whose buYi-vIa are in prisou, 0; wives whose a are ab- sent, 25; wives whose husban-.-i partially employed, 20; wives whose iuts-'Ui. R --re un employed, 47; aged couples, 30 ; .si::;.'lc women, 35; miscellaneous, 2. Outlay during Uic fortnight in relief of cases, £181 10s. 4d. Industrial Homo — Inmates, 38 ; expenses for the fortnight, £11 14s. lOd. ; earnings do., £14 17s. 9cL Sin H. Havelock has beon left half a mil lion sterling by his father's cousin, on dition ot changing his name to Allen. The York Herald says : — " Sir Henry, having flfl cepted the bequest, is about to obtain & Rovsl licence to assume the u&uxq; pf Ifavelook Allen." 