\ 1\\\l CONTRIBUTOR. 1/uTHMV HUM'S OBSERVATIONS AND I jSSft OH AFIT OF THE OOUT i ' Br JI. 0. H .jitru [3 something in tlio misfortunes of 1 u frfeniU which docs not wholly dia. ILeuis' Granted. Thoro is a secret, albeit 9 idSA, joy !n BCo!nS t'loso Porsons wnom wo ? fltbest, in a condition to demand our sym ? a',k Dot why is it that certain ailments ? «j1m;s considered fair game for the ? sofa! No one gets any sympathy when I Jfeiwftom the mumps, and I liave been in I jmlittato assert that, painful as'is a boil— I jj^jy to ono whose occupation is one of 9 (teiejeribed in life assurance schedules as 8 'Si; sedentary'— tho patent existence of flliil unfortunate excrescence is often prodiic. ? to only of merriment. Perhaps it is that Hlim is something ludicrous in tho appearance ?Jit: patient under either of these misfor Hfca A handsomo man with a distorted [i^ora daring athlete propped upon his B'Mejp' and looking at an easy cliair as a HljJtophobio docs at a bucket of water, are ?itycti calculated, perhaps, to make the un ? ffllstgli though the judicious grieve. But ? taiaonoill which flesh is heir to so ngonis ? bjh its torments that ono would think all flgta would hasten to pity and relievo the BrfcMiU pangs. Alas ! — let him who is laid B^iili the gout expect nothing of that which HisU accompany a sick bed, but in its Biiai Iiuglitcr, not loud but light, which ?& poor heart would fain deny but ?iscoi. He becomes a gibo to his one Hna anil a jest to his friends. Thoy Idle at Iiii sufferings, and protest that thny ?msconathingso very much tho matter with ?lbifttr all. And he, with foot on cushion, ?mht growl and roar. The foil tyrant has B'fel Lira to the stol:c, and boar-liko he must pL'tilteiirse.'' I fdagn is hereditary in our family. Sir HSMuHmn, who founded tho house in the Htm E-f Queen Elizabeth, was a martyr to the ?&&, and railed in good FaUtaffian terms PJstle 'plaguo of his great toe.' That ?fajktf bight and puissant man of his hilts ?rjtamrer given to pribblo3 and prabblo3, ?fcliquffingof Alicant, JIuscadel and Malm ?MraUfisrhis marriage to Dame Margery ?Ma, and retirement to his estate of Hum ?M, 4] boat him much upon his former ?fein potting. A capacity for the engur Hpis! fermented liquids liosinarkod divers HPjih lfams. From the pious colonel who BBttelody else's homo iu Ulster in dis. HV«?i arrears of pay from Cromwell, Hfclit&Dgaislied; correspondent of Horace H^IDclla C'rusca Hum, Esq.), aye, oven pjinWest Indian nabob, ' Hamlet' Hum, ?jAttialmoBt as big an nsa of himself as ?8'IW' Coatee, all tho more illustrious ?«(bn! sacrificed plenteously to Bacchus. ?Will tio moro remarkablo is it Uiat tho Bjfflel theao jovinl fellows lived and died ?*-t one touch of tho enemy. It is only ?JutliitJ generation that Buffered. All tho W*$ sober, bed-botimes cousins and ?Nioiaiu have gout liko other men take ?£j in winter. Tho Diggorys and Dump B*f '''%' wIl° never tasto anything ?'^tjatlun small beer or threo water grog, ?«otur-lod with the complaint, and keep W& puly-ihoes and crutches in their |Sa Olllllr men do shooting boots nnd ET^ Tnko my own ca=°. for «? wT* i MVer dmnk a ' Pot o£ Obarni ' or lit! * fUs°n ot MuBcauW1 in my ISm ' Tl yot hcro I am with tho fino old L, ?' toc (and temper), a nuisance to myself f** about me. ? . ? IJ^'I? tl10 'utter 5' asks one. 'Ha ! ha ! ICl T'°\ ™y b°y ! Mu9fc st°P tll03° 1ST nChcS'' ' Do y°u d»»k Port' '-' Eftf? UUWUti'S °mt 0!kvo iu thwe eel K '' *mo for mon,' as Dr. Johnson Emit Shcar Sluttony,' laughs my K J? m°n °f 'le can(™ Meal Now IC t I ? but !t ia Part of tho family l^ioioi. w sorrow and to b° i-!tied IS fc rment3 and to »'- Pleasantly told |*C «^Tbo P-^8 {-' tho sins ot his I*lthed,iii . H Iuwo oat011 oour B^P'* ?'feu vl , r » ho sausage shops of K* 'Shd on7 sPlUdv'1 'I10 PiokI° of CWIi IH^an h,m. ,dlnaviun tongues and. lfeIl«'»ylmvol .C5rribboal» spleens. IS^»8.we hiv 4 ,privcd m ot tho Power of IS ?*? Ca V? da--s o£ Wavertoy IS '''a -Tn. wl W0llld i» suit ILp** dS. nC°.%or Tobermorey ln IB «J»8tOWO 'ha '', P0Hti03 an-1 IS^to the L2«Ol)roducod ft wonder. B '. wanhno nnd Tully-vcolan,' though I confer I have met somo of their kin whose stomachs might have been lined with copper, and intes tines bound in brass.' Tho imposition of a foreign dietary scale destroys a nation— Firm mitt erect, the Caledonian stooil, Sound was Ills mutton, and his claret 'oml ? ^crie'd' 'lr''k ''rt '' ''' E'S's1' statesman He dranl: tlio jioison, and his spirit died. Perhaps tho best way to ' reconcile ' Ireland would bo to substitute beer for the national beverage. Friskiness is often owin' to whiskyness, nnd if Dublin stout ° was made the tipple of tho natives, who could tell but thiit Homo-ruling and landlord-shooting might experience a tem porary check. It has long been a favorite maxim with all persons interested in the local wino trade that the introduction of native wino houses into Melbourne has lessened drunkenness and conduced to sobrioty, though i. never nearu it argued that tlio imbibition of Carbinet or Vnl do Punas would convert ft free trader, or even convince a motubcr of tho ' great third party.' Itmayindeed be argued on the other side that the well known qualities of some of tho local soils may, when introduced into the human frame by means of the grape grown on them, produce several alarming symptoms, amongst which a tendency to minimise landed proprietors will bo not tho least marked. If a man can transmit his sufferings, he may ono day lcaru how to transmit his joys, and a remote descendant of my own may, in come ' future yot to bo ' experience all tho calm raptures which I now feel after my repast of brown biscuits and milk soda. ' Patience and flannel ' was the old recipe for gout-treatment, and the faculty do not Beem to improve njion the remedy, though an heroic dose of colchicum was sworn to as a specific by an uncle of mine who died of tho disease. Starvation and purgatives seem to form a 'compost' which can bo administered to ndvnntagc, and that illustrious gentleman, Princo JIaurice, of Xassau, told Sir William Temple that he cared not a pin for the com plaint K'liilc lie had hy him ' ft fitonc horse of the Hcrmclino color' — tho which is, being interpreted, a skewbald, Tho gallant prince would compel his grooma to boil some of that mnmiro heap nearest tho piebald na^'s s^.iblo door,aml into the heated mass he wouldset, with as much composure as might be permitted him, his martini leg, nnd thus stow the fovcr out of him. Tin's process, however, was either too uniesthctic or too tedious for the minister at tho Ha^ue. He adopted tho method of lighting a fire upon his toe, with tho hope thnt ono heat would bum out tho other. This celebrated operation of Sir William, recorded by him with great dignity and accuracy in his folioa, was tho application of moxas (used with such dramatic effect by JI. Eugene Sue in his wild work of fiction, 'Lo Juif Errant,') or the tops and leaves of mugwort dried, applied in pastille form to tho seat of pain, and lighted. Tho torture of this performance is necessarily great. Sir William 'told six-score-and-four as fast as ho could,' while tho fuel was smouldering, nnd allowed the business to bo repeated three times. The result was that at tho third burning he 'Btirrcdtho joint with case,' nnd ' growing bolder ' pro3ontly sot hi3 foot to tho ground without any pain at all, tho wounds which wero left after tho removal of tho ashes healing easily and with littlo incon venience. A Lorrain physician was accustomed to have tho 'parts rubbod violently' — tho thought throws mo into a cold perspiration ; while another practitioner — would that I had his ghost here to question — ' would whip tho limb with nettles' until it 'becamo stiff as a boot.' But, gentle reader, let mo pauso— Not without worshipful meaning, arc tho reflections of thishcroic pr'edecessorof Monsieur Iloilin upon tho majesty and power of podagra. ' Within this lost fifteen months post,' Bays he, ' I have known a grant fleot disabled for two months, and thereby lose great occasions, by the indisposition of tho Admiral, when ho was neither well enough to exerciuo nor ill enough to leave tho command. I havo known two town3 of tho greatest coriscquonc'o lost, contrary to all forms, by tho Govornor fnlb'ng ill at the time of siege. And I remember ono groat Minister that confessed to mo when ho fell into ono of his usual fits of tlio gout, that he was no longer able to disbend his mind, or givo any thoughts to publio business.' I have no towns to Ibso, nor ships to wreok; but I havo some business — ' every man hath businoss, such as it is' — lo attend to, and I can vouch for tho accuracy of the great Minister's sensations. Yot there. is a '.'soul .of goodness in things ovil' aiid the pangs of podagra teach us a lesson of humility. I declare I novor thought so tenderly of my great too bofore. Nay the wholo foot seemed to mo but a composito minister to my enjoyment. Seldom, save when particularly well booted, did I bestow a glance) upon tho member. 'Twas a croaturo of pro- i gression complicated by corni«. Unless after a I very hard day's walking It fared but poorly, and the most it got then was a hot bath and a soupson of whisky outwardly applied. But now tho sensibility of tho wholo man is con centrated on a Bingle joint. Tho emperor tho brain, those enfooffed sovereigns tho nerves, that valiant captain tho heart, and all tho mighty army of Blaves .nnt1; fighting- men in muacle and sinow, collect the.i together to pro tect nnd defend one poor tiimti, who' has hith- ! orto bur crooksd hiinsalf in their stern Barvice. . .McMiins and hlf fable of tho Belly nnd tho Uti'i'jors is but JEsap'«. dog to my moral Ins tarv of tho Usurpation of tho Great loe. Hire nm I, a man of some considerable ] parts, with much . monoy exjicsriod on . me in filling mo with a Unoivlodgo of arts and Bcionccs, combing my hair according to tho latest fashion', toaohing mo how to ad dress Enrla and Marquosflos nnd such groat folks when I am fortunate onongh to fall in with thorn, and in informing mo gonorally lww great andgloriousa thingUis to bo a conturion of the nineteenth century, and I bow proner than the piousest of Papists at the base of my own great toe. Certea ! 'Tis a perplexing nnd Immiliating business this. Tho question of tho Clown to Malvolio, as to whether the soul of his grandam might not haply inhabit a bird, is of a piece with tho speculations whereof I nm beguiled. _ I possess my toe, and the gout possesses it; but tho gout is none of my con triving ; 'tis in point of fact the spirit of my ancestor— the sum total of his wines and feasts and familiar sins. Therefore, 'tis my ancestor to whom I am thus doiii' unconscious reverence. And for what ? To illustrate a principle or to carry out a law ? Doubtless ! But why should I suffer in my members, and my ancestor suffer not » ' In simple honest Saxon,' 03 the author of Mra. Bond says, 'Why should ono man have all tho dancing, and tho othorhave to pay tho piper ?' Alas ! this is just tho question which the universe is moro or less asking itself through ! each of its component organisms. Why should j brave Augustus keep his carriago, and why should poor old Fred be in the Onzctte I Wo . nil know that Frederick was a far honestcr fellow than 'Gu3. Why Bhould Sir Hopkins : Pocdck get the credit of adding a now African province to English territory when the burden and heat of the day was borno by Sir Jenkyn Basset ? Why Bhould loafing Saltbush own a million acres, andhardworking Crabholo only ono ? Why doesSijio man get the kicks, and tho other the ha'pence? 'Providence never Bonds a mouth without a loaf to fill it,' said tho squire to Hodge; 'Yes, sir,' said Ho:lgo, ' but all tho mouths come to my house, and tho loaves to yours.' Why should one man have all tho loaves, and tho other only the labor of tilling tho soil in which tho wheat grows? In fact— why should my lato respected grand father tipple his claret and dio in his bod at ninety-five of euthannsia, and tho vicarious punishment of his misdeeds be borno by your obedient and irritated servant, Anthony Him. 