TRUNK LINES AND BRANCH RAILWAYS. The Courier of Tuesday last adopted tlie novel but by no means reprehensible ex pedient of quoting in exlenso one of its own leading articles on the subject of branch railways, written two years ago. It may be assumed that this "leader," published, as we are duly informed, on the 10th of August, 1878, included, in the editor's estimation, all that could be urged on that side of the Bubject, and therefore as he deemed it necessary to repeat the arguments at the present time what was the good of beating about the busb, so to speak, for syno nyms to state the matter over again in different wordB conveying precisely the same meaning, simply to give a sem blance of originality to the composi tion ? Better to honestly republish it for what it is and no more, with a few words of introduction explaining the circumstances under which it has been deemed necessary to take this rather unusual course, and a short exordium to duly impress the reader with the importance of the arguments thus re produced after bo long an interval. But we cannot conscientiously affirm that these arguments have impressed us with, their logical force and accuracy any more now, if bo much, as when they | were first printed, nearly two years ago. 0nthecoatrary,a stern regard fortruth I | compels us to acknowledge that the oftener we read these statements the more firmly are we convinced of their unsoundness, until we are almost tempted to exclaim " who is this that darkeneth counsel by words without knowledge ?" Indeed, not to put too fine a point upon it, our contemporary seems in this article to have started from false premises and laboriously struggled on to altogether wrong con clusions. If, as we hope to show, ibis was the case when the article was first written, it must be so now, because leading articles—even Courier leading articles—do not improve by age like good wine, and mellow down from crude fallacy to pure and invigorating truth simply by careful and judicious keeping. Briefly stated, our contemporary's contention is that, as there is a growing demand' on the part of the public to make the Crown lands benefited thereby bear the whole cost of construction and maintenance of any further extension of trunk lines of railway into the western wilderness, those who make this demand must, to be consistent, also insist that the private lands benefited by branch lines of railway shall in like manner be made to bear the whole cost of their construction and maintenance. This argument does not appear to " run on all fours," as the lawyers say. In the first place, because railways are never built by sensible intelligent people solely or oven mainly to benefit the land through which they are taken, but to afford an easy, speedy, and certain means of communication to a popula tion sufficiently numerous to pay for the accommodation so provided. And, in the second place, because the circum stances in the two cases are not analo gous. To support its argument, .the Courier has to assume that no branch line which could be constructed through the most populous district in the colony is more likely to earn sufficient to pay its cost than a main line which nobody but a few pastoral leseees can make use of— an assumption which we cannot but regard as both unjustifiable and unrea sonable. Let it be shown that any pro posed branch railway would not, either at the start or within a reasonable time afterwards, be able to command suffi cient traffic to pay working expenses, and the interest on the money which would have to be borrowed to construct it—and that would be an all-sufficient reason why such a railway should not be made. If, on the contrary, it could be shown that tbe chances were all in favour of the proposed lino earning its expenses, and the interest on the money necessary to construct it, either at the first or in a reasonable time afterwards, that, we apprehend, would be an all sufficient reason why such a railway should be built, if money could be bor rowed at current rates for the purpose. The demand that the main trunk line's of railway shall not be extended to the pastoral lands of the interior with out making thoBe lands bear the whole cost of construction and maintenance, is based on the fact that these lands still belong to the State, and are now held by tenants at a rental varying from a farthing to one-sixteenth of a farthing per annum per acre. These tenants, or rather their representatives in Parlia ment, demand that their landlord, the State, shall build railways for their con venience solely, to enable them to have more safe, easy, and speedy means of communication with the nearest port of shipment for their produce and the obtaining of necessary supplies, and also in order that they may turn to more profitable account the vast areas tbey now rent on such ex ceedingly easy terms. These trunk lines_ of railway already extend a considerable distance inland towards their stations, and do not pay working expenses; it is on record that the fur ther they have been extended the less per mile has been the average earnings of theBB lines, and it is reasonable to conclude that this decrease will con tinue in mathematical, if notin geometri cal, ratio the further they are extended inland, because all settlement and the possibility of settlement within reach of these railways decreases in proportion to their extension. The leaseholders are sternly determined to stick to the land they hold adjacent to railways, either as leasehold or freehold; so, when ever any portion of their runs is re sumed and offered for sale, they simply buy it. Under these circumstances it is far better to let the land remain under lease. " But if the tenants demand rail ways for their special convenience, it is surely not unreasonable on the .part of the landlord to insist that his tenants shall pay an additional rent for .the extra accommodation thus provided ? i "We fail to discover any analogy what ever between the case of the Crown leBsees who demand railway accommo dation and that of the residents in a populous district who own the land.and are sufficiently numerous, or" are in'. a> fair way of soon becoming sufficiently numerous, to provide sufficienttraffic to make the line pay. Y-u-' The Courier seems to be vigorously.', wrestling with some ghost of its own raising, for it says,—" The advocates'_of the newlv-proposed branch lines .would have the colony, borrow millions to divide them among the land-holders in some parts of the settled districts." Who, in the name of heaven, are these wicked advocates ? "We yearn to know, in order that we may assist our big brother to the best of our poor ability in heaping upon them the withering scorn and contempt they so richly deserve, and shaming them into everlasting Bilence, if the thing be at all possible. "We have not met with, or so much as heard, of one of the tribe as yet. And the " newly-proposed branch lines "—where are they ? True, the article under notice was written two years ago come nest August,' biit its reproduction in our contemporary's leading columns on Tuesday last justifies the supposition that the " advocates "and the "newly proposed branch lines " are still somewhere about. The proposed IpBwich and Eassifern branch line is the only one mentioned, and this was not a " newly proposed" line, in the strict" Bense of the term, on the 10th of August, 1878; but, if it can be shown that this' line is not likely to earn enough to pay working expenses and interest on the cost of construction,-we are ready and willing, at the shortest notice, to assist in spoiling the little game of the landholders in that locality who may be hungering after a big pile from these borrowed millions. But until there is some reliable data to go upon in proof that the Faasifern line will not pay working expenses and the interest on the money required to con j struct it, it seems little better than a wicked waste of righteous indignation and eloquent denunciation to expend it i upon this proposal, much more upon I " newly proposed branch lines " that seem to have no local habitation or a : name. 