SATURDAY, NOV. 13, 1880 Popular delusion is a hard thing to fight against. Like Hamlet’s ghost, its essence is incorporeal, and thus it evades the bullet. So it Is with our public works scare. A popular delusion is abroad that the outlying districts are likely to impoverish the colony by the enormous expenditure, present and prospective, rendered necessary to open their roads and bridge their rivers. So formidable has the bogie appeared in the eves of certain legislators, it was actually proposed in Parliament during the late session that liberal land laws would only tend to scatter the population, and thus create more clamoring for State aid to roads. Far bettor would it be (said these antipodean sophists) to let the Crown lands, lie idle, than open them out to a needy, greedy set, like those who are already located on the Coast, who are never contented, and are always hammering at the door of the Treasury. Now we must remark, in passing, that the only wonder is that the Saxon or Celtic blood of their fathers does not rise to fever heat in the veins of the Coast settlers when they hear such utterances as these. What are the facts? In our last issue we pointed out how a heavy debt was incurred for public works in the towns and settled districts, while the Devon, and, we may add, other outlying districts were almost entirely ignored. Following up this subject, we would call especial attention to Launceston and its surroundings, for it is from the Press of that town that the wail went forth which touched the ears of susceptible members of Parliament, that to borrow money for roads meant certain ruin. Launceston and its feeders have entailed upon us a large portion of the public debt. The history of the Launceston and Western Railway is a dark spot in the annals of the colony. It unfolds a tale which explains the reason why justice has not been meted out to the North-West Coast. It would take us too long to detail this affair fully, but these are the heads summarised into a small compass. The districts of Launceston, Evandale, Longford, Westbury, and Deloraine agitated for a railway. For years they pressed their claims on the Government, and, meeting with no success, they formed themselves into a League, whose members entered into a solemn covenant that they would pend no money nor hold business transactions with any but members of the association. At length, so demonstrative was the organisation, Parliament was constrained to listen to their proposals, which were modified, after fruitless efforts to induce Government to take the whole burden, to a system which involved local liability. The districts were polled, and a large majority of the ratepayers assented to local taxation for any deficiency which might occur in the revenue of the railway to meet interest upon the loan which was raised to construct the line under the guarantee of Government. A law was passed to this effect, and debentures to the tune of £460,000 were sold. Time proved that the line did not pay its working expense and interest upon the borrowed capital. The ratepayers were called upon to pay the deficiency, and what was the result? They repudiated their engagements, and set the law at defience under tbe alleged justification that a resolution was passed by a former Ministry affirming the principle of local liability as the one to be adhered to in the general railway system of the colony, and that this principle was abandoned in the case of the Main Line guarantee. Passive resistance was the watchword, and a firm determination to resist the railway rate spread like a contagion. The municipal police were not permitted to aid the central Government in its efforts to carry out the law, and riot and disorder prevailed to such a serious extent, that the police forces had to be withdrawn from Devon and other rural districts to protect life and property in Launceston. Thus the poor farmers of Devon had to pay 9d. in the pound for police to keep order in the northern capital. We are not going to discuss the propriety or other- wise of the railway agitation, except in so far as it has affected the people of the North-West Coast, who find themselves now saddled with a load of taxation incident to the maintenance of both lines of railway, to which they are forced by law to contribute, share and share alike, with those who are receiving direct benefit from the lines \- benefit in the shape of cheap, com- fortable, and expeditious means of transit. So determined was the agita- tion and the resistance to payment of railway rates, Parliament was forced to take over the line, and to repeal the act which enforced local liability. In the face of all this we are now refused common roads, and are told that we need self-reliance; that we are milking the State cow to death; that if we want access to our homesteads we should construct highways upon the principle of local liability. State aid to roads has been discovered to be a rotten theory, but not a word is said about relinquishing the State aid to roads and railways between Launces- and Deloraine. This is now the real position of the North-West Coast. It has to help, and largely so, to pay the interest of £32,000 which has been guaranteed to the Main Line Railway Company, while not one in a thousand ever saw it. We have further to pay our share of interest upon £122,945, spent on ornamental buildings and other works in Hobart Town and Launceston, the greater part of which was spent in the pure and spotless Launceston. We have to pay our share for the Western Railway just the same as though we participated in its many advantages. We have to pay a properly tax to keep up the heavy expenses incurred in connection with the older district; and more than this, Parliament has broken faith with us in regard to the tax. It was distinctly promised that in spreading the property tax over the outlying districts, they were to have an expansive system of roads by way of compensation for the railways and extravagant outlay in the central districts. How far this promise has been fulfilled is well known. Will the inhabitants submit to this state of affairs ? English Mail,—The English mail may be expected to be delivered at Latrobe on Thursday next. By advertisement it will be seen that Mr. Stephen Kelcey has re-opened his store in Gilbert-street, and is prepared to purchase grain, wool, hides, etc. BEACONSFIELD. We have been informed that the Missionary Services held last Sunday in connection with the Primitive Methodist Church at this place were a great success, the Revs. J . May and F. Sinden, conducting the services. On the following Monday the usual tea and public meeting took place, and resulted satisfactorily. The Rev.F. Sinden and Messrs R. Rice, R. Perks, W. Grace, and N. Grace, delivered appropriate addresses, Mr Hicks occupying the chair. The net proceeds amounted to over £20. —“ Examiner.” WESLEYAN—It will be seen by reference to our report of the annual District Meeting of the Wesleyan Church, now sitting in Hobart, that Rev. F. E. Stephenson is recommended to the Conference as successor to Rev. J. Thomas in the Mersey Circuit. Should this arrangement be carried out, universal satisfaction will be felt by the members of the Wesleyan church in this circuit. Mr Stephenson is very popular as a preacher, whilst he is possessed of great experience and business tact—qualifications very desirable in any minister who may be appointed to the Mersey Circuit, the future of which will depend very much upon the character of "the coming man." MOUNT BISCHOFF SILVER-LEAD MINING Co.—A general meeting of the share holders in the above company is advertised to be held at the Emu Bay town hall, on Monday, at noon. The meeting is called for the purpose of adopting rules and regulations, electing officers, and transacting any other business that may arise. LATROBE MINING AND PROSPECTING ASSOCIATION.—Parties wishing to prospect for the above company must send in their applications not later than Monday. Particulars may be had on application to Mr John Tucker, the secretary of the association. TENDERS - Tenders are invited, in another column, for building a manse for the Congregational Church at the River Don, plans and specifications to be seen on application to Mr J. N. Smithies Tenders |must be sent in to the secretary, Mr C. A. Burr, on or before Monday next. EAST MERSEY ROAD TRUST—By ad- vertisement in another column the ratepayers in the above district are warned that all defaulters after Monday, 15th inst., will be legally dealt with, without respect of persons. police in the estate of W . Gadsby, of Latrobe, was held at the new Wesleyan Church works, by D. C. Cavanagh. Everything, including a workshop, two sheds, scaffolding, several lots of blackwood and hard wood timber, went off at a low figure. The largest building, a workshop constructed of hardwood boards, with a number of windows on two sides, which can be moved in sections, brought the top figure, £3 15s. The total proceeds of the sale was only L8 7s 6d. THE LAST OF THE KELLY GANG.—The court-yard of the Melbourne gaol will today witness the last scene of all in the history of the Kelly gang - the execution, by hanging, of their leader and last survivor, Edward Kelly, for the murder of two constables, one of the many crimes which he committed during a long and vicious career. The efforts of the Gaunsons to obtain a reprieve have been unsuccessful, and properly so; for if such a leader in wrongdoing were, by any mistaken lenity or sentimental indecision, allowed to escape the penalty of his crimes, so justly prescribed by law, Victoria might well say, Farewell to order and to the safety of her citizens from the shot of the assassin, or the depredations of thieves and horse- stealers. Amongst the visitors to the Hippodrome on Friday evening, to witness the "Kelly demonstration", was (the Melbourne "Telegraph" says) one of the most experienced officers of the metropolitan detective police. At its conclusion, he said he had never in the whole course of his experience, which had been of a long and varied character, seen such a number of known vagabonds, thieves, and persons who had been convicted, gathered together in Melbourne. None but such probably will regret that Edward Kelly has suffered the extreme degradation and punishment that human justice can mete out. Another Victorian journal, referring to the account of his case which the condemned man wrote himself and forwarded to the Governor, says that it is a flatulent literary curiosity, touched here and there by the light humor inseparable from an Irishman’s character, and interesting as an illustration of motives strangely perverted by association and bad education. It deals chiefly with the history of the relations of himself and family with the police; expresses great contempt for the officers of that body; suggests that if they consider themselves better men than the troopers they command, their best course would be to come in a body of twenty or so to the ranges to effect the capture of his gang; promises that if they do so he will undertake there shall be many vacancies to which constables may be promoted; threatens abetters of the law with vengeance, and indulges in a diffuse account of the wrongs of the homekeeping Irish, stating that if they invaded England, backed by America— the leaders of whose naval and military forces he affirms are of Irish extraction — they would succeed. Altogether, the document is a curious instance of gasconade and braggadocio, the work of an ignorant man, living in a narrow world, incompetent to estimate the forces which govern men, unlearned in history, and taught only by the chance pickings gleaned from occasional books, or the still more delusive converstation of more ignorant comrades. Shrewdness combined with personal vanity are the distinguishing characteristics, and the man’s character and misused opportunities exhibit themselves in every line of a labored work written on note-paper, by snatches in moments of danger and hardship, which might, in the light it lets in upon him, be his posthumous biography. "Mercury." THE MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY —A meeting of the shareholders of this company was held in the Mechanics Institute yesterday. There was a considerable attendance, over twenty members being present. Mr James Scott, M.H.A occupied the chair. The meeting was un- animous in confirming the resolution passed at last annual meeting, that consequent upon the enlarged business of the Company the capital be increased to £80,000. -Thursday’s “ Examiner." Life Assurance.— Last evening Mr T. P. H. Jones, travelling agent for the Australian Mutual Provident Society, delivered a lecture on the above subject in the Victoria Hall, when there was a very fair attendance. J. M. Dooley, Esq., M. H. A., occupied the chair, and introduced the lecturer in a few appropriate remarks, soliciting an attentive hearing for him. Mr Jones first gave a reading on “ Widow Giles and her Grocery,” illustrative of the benefits of life assurance, and then gave a number of facts and incidents bearing on the same subject. The lecturer spoke in a very natural and pleasing manner, inter- spersing his remarks with telling anecdotes. The whole address was so really interesting that, though it occupied over an hour in delivery, the time appeared to have passed with remarkable speed. Mr Jones closed by thanking the audience for their kind attention. Mr W. Whitaker pro- posed votes of thanks to the lecturer and the chairman, which were heartily given. WITH EVERY PULSATION that force pump of the body, the heart, sends coursing through the arteries and veins the rosy fluid which sustains life and nourishes the system. If the vital current becomes con- taminated with impurities or gets thin and watery from insufficient assimilation of the food, the most disastrous consequences may be apprehended. Depurate the blood and infuse vigor into the gastric organs with UDOLPHO WOLFE'S SCHAEDAM AROMATIC SCHNAPPS to restore purity and richness to the circulation. HOLLOWAY'S OINTMENT AND PILLS. For the cure of burns,scalds, wounds, and ulcers, this justly celebrated ointment stands unrivalled. Its balsamic virtues, immediately on application, lull the pain and smarting, protect the exposed nerves from the air, give to the vessels the vigoar necessary to heal the sore, and confer on the blood a purity which permits it only to lay down healthy flesh in place of that destroyed. Holloway's Pills, simul- taneously taken, must assist the ointment's purifying and soothing power. Together these medicines act like a charm; no invalid, after a fair trial, has found them fail to re- lieve his pain, or completely cure his disease. The combined action of the ointment and Pills, in all disorders, is too irre- sistible to be withstood. - ADVT. 