MISCELLANY. SPIBIT MEDIUMS.-Stills. PAFBB MONEY.-A newsboy's receipts. Tbtjetothe COKE.-The worm in the heart of an appteb. WHAT part of a ship is like a farmer ?-The tiller. _ A giGN posted up in a Wisconsin saw-mill, re*H»-^,<The saws are naming-no use to touch them to'convince yourselves." . r" WHAT plan," said one actor to another, "shall I adopt to fill .-the bouse atfmy benefit ?'" Invite your creditors" was the surly reply. Cos.-Why should a Scotch spinster go out to India ?-Because she is sure to find a mon-soon there. AKOTHEB HEIGHT.-It is pointed out that Che real height of politeness is passing round upon the opposite side of a lady, while walking with her, in order not to step upon her shadow. , "?KEEP the young men at home." Oh, fudge ! Give the girls a chance. Keep the old men at borne, brother; that's more to the purpose. 1 A Spectbe.-It is said that a Chicago man's nightmare turned out, to be the shadow o! Us wife's toot on the bedroom'wall, instead of an unearthly monster with five horte. ' FEOSAIC. - ' What's fame ?" yelled an excited orator, " what's fame T that ghost of ambition ! What's honour t" And a weak-minded man in the crowd said he supposed she had clothes on her, as any fool ought, to know,.-Oil City Derrick. A DEAF mote used the new aodiphone. " Can jpu pay me that five dollars f-these were the first words he heard. "Jpftter to'remain in my: original condition," he said, sternly, and threw thi out of thewindow.-Buffalo llxpreds. . , audip ' A WABM Rkc^pjtq^. -"4A man who was seeh conilng'Odt'of aTexafc newBpfiperoffioe witba crushed tatt «pd-a damaged note explained to a policeman tha^ hd ehUred the office simply to inquire if the editor Wssin. " And be vu in,ihe victim added mourn ?fuJljTi ? . , \- AV Opening.-Three or four pretty good : men, pastors of Jfaaaadu&etjbB; churches preferred, are wanted immediately to go'down to the Grand Jiivdr Divide and talk pleasanfly to theUte Indiana about the pleasures 6f pefcce and the tranquil enjoyments of domestic life. Good salary and short houro. . flair \- restoratives ifor sale at this office in pints&nd; qpsrte. -Hawkeye. RATHER A LONG BOOT " What will- joh take for twenty nights', at Saif fw.noiaoo ?" was Ithe brief telegraphic query, which some speculators despatched to Artemus Wwd, Vvhten 'the celebrated humorist was in thb height of his popularity ks a lecturer. " Brandy and water," was the prompt response. '' HEBE, what tire you doing there? Ootoe, bustle out of here, and repent too," said a good old farmer to two of London's great artists <who! vere sketching in his field. " Why, what's the matter?" asked one of the artists, "we ate simply painting landscapes." "That won't do,"' said the farmer. " You're those vagabonds, who corns painting on fences, and houses, and stones,' Uee A i pread, aud ' Wash Tour Head with'Potash Soap;' sb get out of this." The Bathetic gentlemen went. One OF THE HEED "WHO THINK Too Littlb AND Wuo TALK TOO Mccii."-At a dinner recently given by a well-known peer, one of the guests, a very young man, made himself obnoxious to the convives by persistently laying down the law on every possible subject, and talking long and loudly. At length he expressed, in no measured terms, his hatred of a class of people whom he called Philistines. An elderly gentleman sitting opposite to him mildly inquired, " And pray, sir, how you define a Philistine P* The host here Interposed, saying, " I will give you the explanation. Philistines are persons who are inconvenienced by the jaw of an ass." JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.-A few days agp a' justice of the peace took bis little son down the ijiver . on an excursion. The lad interviewed the man at. the wheel, and gathered niuch information relative to the business of eteambOating. Presently bts father joined him and asked him bow he was enjoying himself. " First-rate," was the enthusiastic reply. " I'm going to be a steamboat man, papa." "All right," responded the J.P., "but you'll have' tt>> study "navigation, astronomy, and divers other srfenoes in order to be a good one." The lad sajid nothing at tbe time, but ' appeared to be revolving thb difficulties of tbe case in his mind. Half an hour later he remarked, with tflueh gravity, " Papa, I think I won't be a steamboat man; I'd rather be a justice of tbe peace; you don't have to know anything lor that." Diffebhhoe of Opimoii. -Cariotts com ments by a judge, evjsninthe presenoeof thepiisdner, though e*t»mejy 616 not urmredecented. Mr. Justice Uatus onoe addressed a phfenomeboB o* inno cence in Ji imock-froek U. tiMjroUowing worded >' Prisoner at the ^. joiir ,ttunkq you ibno pent; the cdt^Vforttep«»^tatmttyou ipno <*n* j I thinfesou smafcwtt 8* your town . '^^pqdiaoinmon-fienjo as lot eettn.tope much, have. ttfniMin thul' should pas# ijofJfcbkJTjj O'hatse^terio^is inmpntforovjie day; and, as, lv wm yeswnmjr, you may taow ^b fcbbut toor1 VasiaM/'fiie tinferuvatemstia, rather scared^ wont .boutjisbusiw*, bnt thought that l»«;waa an un commonly f>UBillng,thinjJ. ; '' : tmLiGiNa.-A iiaii Vsntltled ^'^TOen1 Btether" was' latHy fcwdtV ..Killlad, T«pm, The anpounaenaent will j many: but the -morals of Texas are higher ^jjpbeed. Tbs law1 tbfere fprtftu ahy^nra' mens than six pistols at a time, udfthe "Boston Folio" avers that the magistrate lately fined tileed nigger for having a shot-gun conceded on his person, by a tatlve ot Ahasuerus. The moment he appeared, some jeering remarks were addressed to him from the t# served.- Thiq istbfcstateol Texas; add we Aregoing to have ojrder, if we're got to get it with the pistol. I'm placing Ahasuerus fust now, bnt alter the show I'll Joe Sain Turner again, and, if any mab wants >to aeepe then," he, added significantly, "he can make his waats known." Thb NOETH POLK.-Bijah brought ont' a solid <hbnk of humanity, with a face ai expressionless : ar« w&jboard;, and. feet covered with all aorts of clay, and left' him at the desk' with the explanation; He's * Pole, and tit he isb't the North Pole, he's :in < the next fence-corner to it." "Son of down-trodden . Poland, what is your name J" asked his Hpnoor, He didn't say. "Well, it's all the same," continued the court; " Kosciusko fell, and so did'you. He felfupon the field ofglory, and you upon the sidewalk. Under stand V He didn't say., " Pole, child of a fer-off country, youmay be deaf and dumb, but I'm going to tell you it was a mean trick, in you to empty, your pockets for the sake of filling your system' with whisky: I don't doubt thit you nave1-a -larg^ ffttnfily at home, and that they need every; shilling of your wages. Donlt you feel ashamed all over,f" He didn't say. " He don't cater to our, Jajiguage," expjaiied Bljah. "Then- I'll -eater-to himl". «XoUrimed the Court., Leaning forward .until :hfi-oould, almost put his finger on -thp prisoner's nosei he continued: " Martyr td liberty, lookinfe' In ? the eve! TWu1 don't seem to have any! ear for our rausib# lafcgii^e, fut I'm going to tell you all . the same that if, you appear here againI'll have you put behind the bars so'quick that you won't have time to wipe off your feet! . iKow you may travel 1" He went-Detroit Free Press. - - A Tkerific DOG.-Yoa nJuat. atay, f^ray from my house," said Susie's papa to John Henry Augustus, whose attentions'to Susie .displeased' mm. "I'm going to borrow a bulldog,".' he cohtinoed, "and put him in my yard. I'll bet you'll stay from here then!" John HenryAugustus' meandered i slowly away in a homeward direction. ' Arrived there, he penned a letter to Busio, telling her what }>ad occurred, and despatched it to her by the house-boy. That individual soon replied-" Will you let swm a trifle separate two loviDg hearts ? Just come arognd by the, back way." J. H. A_ pranced wildly around the room, exclaiming, " What do I caTe for his bull dog-for 50-ay, for a thousand bulldogs? I'lljsee her this night if I have to wade through buildings, climb over bulldogs-yea, if I have to'ride on a bull dog to get there !" But when J. H. A. went Mrohnd that night, mounted the back fence, peered through the gloom, and saw the cow standing under the porch, he slid hastily back to terra firma on the street tide of the fenoe, and walked away, exclaiming, " dee wbilikins, what a bulldog! Why, he's as big as our cow!" And Susie sits and wonders why her lover comes not.-American Paper. A TEETOTAL SPEECH.-After the leaders at a teetotal meeting bad exhausted their eloquence in extolling their, own virtues, and, in tne usual temperanoe language, consigned the brewer, publifean, and wine-merchants to the regions below, the workingmen were patronisingly -invited to narrate their experience of the blessings' of teetotaJism. Accordingly a man-apparently a carpenter-ad dressed the,meeting, and stated that for many years he was a moderate drinker, seldom drinking more than a pint and a half or two pints of beer a day; but, having read and beard eo much of the advantages of total abstinence, about twelve months ago he was \- induced to take the pledge. " My friends," he laid, " in the first week 1 saved three shillings "-hear " which the publican would have had "-cheers-'' iu one month I put by twelve shillings "^-cheert'-*" in three months my savings amounted to two poadfli" great cheering-" in six months. I had saved? by teetotalism five pounds "-enthusiastic cheering-" in nine months I had saved"-here tbe speaker dropped his voica and paused-his heaters, all -ejgjecfeint, cheered tyn on-"I had saved," he .continued, speaking very impressively," quite enough to puraiase a coffin, and I' was then so prostrated' by ill-health that I was nearly ready to be put into, it, -and; if Irhad not returned to malt liquor again, I should, not.liave lived to give you the result of my experiehoe^- .' WHAT HIS WIFE WANTED.-At theftfrm house gate the other morning, Mn. Whitehall said to Joseph, as be was ready to 4rive to town;-Re member, now, what I told you. I want a spool of thread, No.flO, lOyapds of oalioo with a dot in it, '.and «yard and a' aalf of brown drilling for to line; the waist- Joseph drove into the city, as straight.as a bee-line-as lumpy as an old giraffe when tbe dmu is oat. He sold his butter and eggs, and was on his way to the dry-goods store when he met a man who onoe came very near marrying his sister. This was reason enough why they should drink together, and they drank. When a m*n meets a fellow who nought have been his brother-in-law if a mole hadn't kicked the -prospective bride across the dark river, he can't tell when , to stop' 'tfrihkiafc. . Farmer White hall couldn't rememfiet w&fther; he imbibed seven or 17 glasses, $ut the result was the tame. When he 1 finally got ircady to do> his steading, he'enteral-a steep and jnuttered; " Shir, f want shixty spools pf dots* wiz a twist in 'em !' That ' teas as plain as he obuld injflte it in any of the half doaen storey he. entered,- apd . by and bye he dis covered he wasn't ip the right mood for trading. He found' another saloon and more' beer, and it* was evening when he entered a jewellery store and said: " Shir, I want a yar^aa' a half of jdots wiz shixty in em,1' He'was turned oat, and late in'the evening he fell down en the street, too tired- to go farther.) As the officer raised him he muttered: " Slur, I wast 10 yards drillin' to line 'er shpool thread wiz," He was quite sober when walked out for trial, and, moreover, a little anxious to know what had baoomepf atf his vest buttons and one coat-taiL " Do you feel better ?" kindly asked his Honour, w he loQked down at the prisoner. "No, sir, I leel' Worse," 'was the answer. " Nice time you bad rolling aroundin the street last night." "oqnarY" began the man as'he faced .around, "this*theflsst time I ever made a fool o' myself wif,luny bptji eype open ! I've got U dollars down hefe iti my Vest,' ah'you can take it all If you'll f&ttae; g6. fllbeta cucumber the ole woman didn't sleepawipklati. night, and she*U put one o' the-boys on "a hoSB and .send him up. the road after me this morning." "Then you plead gfriltyf " I do. - I'm guilty, and an idiQt to boot.": ''Doyou want todaBt tight out for home f " Do I ? Why. I can't hardly stand stfll. I want to meet tne boy as fa± oat as £ kin, and ril tell him' I got upsot." <*Can yoc re member what your wife toty you to. get?" ''I kin. She wanted 60 yards of waist lining, a yard ana a half of dots, and lt> spools of calico, and 111 get 'enl as I go out.". "Well, you may go." " Jliankee! flfh&r;'s ipy hat ?-good-bye." GIVING ADVICE TO A BANK^Aeeedy Indivi dual, rural in his general appearance and make-up, strolled into the Third National Bank yesterday daring business hours, an<J observing Fab. > Lawson. re ceiving teller, counting a phckage of money, nodded pleasantly* and said, "Still-s handitf of it**ut!" " Yes," replied I*wson, " still crowUPfftitt-^S the people." " Ain't you a leetle too hanay heieYfoon tlnued the stranger. " How so f'-sald Fib".' --WJiy, strangers passtnnlong on tbe sidewalk *nd seeSnTyour sign too conspicuous like, must, be junnin' In $very few minutes to bbrrow money." *'9o th6y do;" re turned lAWSdn. " Ain't it a good dealkx ix*h«rwkitin' on 'em? Must take up a goofl deal of your,time." " Yes, it is some bother, th&t;'s qTact,pht We like to .accommblate everybody, you knftwv' Can't turokway a stranger just because, we ain't acquainted ^im." ".Lose some, I suppose?' Interrorated-the stranger. "Oh, yes." "Folks drip- Mr and gtet »whit money they want and then, forget aU- wbpQt it. Or perliaps they send, it ,in & letter apa, mis direct it. Awful cureless sosne .ptojile'a^ about borrowing money," said the maii < .' Awful «aNaess." "Owin' a good-deal to> fajenjkjg yMtr.bank oiose to the sidewalk.. Follu bow1 wwo* up and 'sw you countin' money, kndAlrty SaddoWy VeooUeet:they haini got quite «noag)i ioJsa«.-#cn through, and so. quite naturally,, borrows some of you. You can't Vtry, »eH w#e-i4wtO hart^heir teelia'w . ind<o'ih^*|tt jflriyyjiiilli joo.1 tAne mean tplks.Jn thlswwiC, (J^.IwwUdii'tjdo, " No, *m,'«r-ee;reiverfedt*oWeda cent -of no bahlr thatf «an*^>*y> "Til brtyou H.I was PiPPW . WW 1^, owmnuesl^e. Stronger, in «ler1w^e» wiew wasn't so difference >>M<«^«Nki;loofc4B the Ift« AMy nab took Wto Mulm Ife? Night. 