Muswellbrook Eaees. ET CASPIAN. * FiitsT DAT, "WEDNESDAY, JCNE 2. ' . STEWARDS : Messrs. JJ. Macintyre, E. Hall, R. G-, D.' Fitzgerald, T. Bell, J. C.Whito, F. W. Thrum, W. Cox» Dr. lt. E. GrigEou ; judge. Mr. S. Cook; etarter. Mr. C. W. Doyle : clerk ot' the course, Mr. G. Maddux ; handi capper, Mr. C. Eather ; clerk^f tho sonics, Mr. W. Davi son ; secretary, Mr. Andrew G uilf yle. Glorious weather ushered iu tho opening day of the Muswellbrook Races, and largo numbers of spectators wera pr. sent from all the surrounding country districts«., From early mom until 10 o'cli-ck on tho day ot't hcr.ico visi- - torscontinued to llockin, audtbo morning train from New castle delivered quite a maes of human freight. The most of ;uc hoste ricB wero crowded to excess, asd accommoda. ; tiou for late arrivals wasat a very high premium. Thodrivo out to tho courso, which is stated to be about three miloo Iroju tba township is, for tho moat ptrt, through the fino rich grazing country of Mr. Doyle (tho starter). Tho; course was in aplaudid going order, and were it not for tho' mistake which tho ejecutivo had made in allowing tho! loothholders to place their booths at tho back of tha' staud, and thereby obstruct the sight of spoctntors, ene; could not wish fora nestor track. The cards, too, were rather of a "new chum" fashion, and a mistake had deeidet*ly been mnde in receiving final payments the night provious to tho' race, as the cards appeared without the names of horses ia-! Maiden Pinto, icc., which mad« tho work of finding jockeys*1 and horses' colours, &c;, no easy matter. The folly ot the committee is »ow but too apparent to thom in declaring theso weights before tho teiminatien ef tho Newcastle mooting, and, as a natural consequence, tho presence oí Black Swan, who was considered well in, has had a rather ' paralysing effoct on horseowners. The secretary aud offi cials were untiring in their exertions to make things go " olf smoothly ; but it is quito evident that tho well-mean-', ing secrotary will require a few lessons in turf niuttersiii Tho racing throughout has boen of a vory good kind, but: little orno betting can be chronicled. , For the MaidonPlateninefaeedthestarter, nndGnrnildV on previous running at Nowcastlo, was established a1 favourite, but was nevor onco dacgorous, and Gloamj at daughter of Meteor and Cloth of Gold, won, with a llttlo to spare, from Roslyn and Stauloy. Tho latter ran verjL well until fairly in tho straight, where ho appeared to di? ' away. A hack race brought out a field of eevon, and What«i you-liko won, hands down, from Damsel mid Firelight^ ' Five candidates sported silk for the Muswellbrook Han«.-, dicap, and Blaek Swan was considered a "moral;" but;" lying buck until too Jato, her run up to Rosebud in the stra'gbt was of no avail, for tho chestnut mure bad; Bomothingin hand. Recherche, who made all tho running, J occupied third place, and considering the milo and a halfy was rim in Umin 47SBC, it is not a bad performance Four.- ? saddled up for tho Wolter, and Bulgaria mado a shocking.?, oxamplo of tho miserable Hold opposed to her, eacaV. following her home. Half a dozen came to the post fon' . the LadieB' Mile, and Rosebud, on provious performances»-1 was entrusted with most money, Maid of Australiw.' occupying the uext position. A groat dolay wns caused? through Cameo parting with hor rider, nevertheless, as^ tho race was run, it just snited Rosebud, who, iu companys* - with Cameo aud Bismarck, wero left at tho post. Tho first half of tho journey waa slow, andbeforo the Held had{ reached nuder tho hill, tho favourite began to occupy ni good position with tho leading braco, nnd entering tha straight, made her run, collaring Maid and Gnrnild, anet1' ? once on equal terms, won a very good raco, Gurnild; and Maid of Australia, followed by Cameo, Vanity, and: Bismarck, iu tue order named. The local band discoursed.' n varied and dioico selection of music during tho daj>; Tho following is the result of tho running :- . MAIDEN PI.ATB. ) Mr. H. C. White's ch f Gleam, by Meteor-Cloth of Gold (Castin) ... ... . ... H W. Murray's ch o Roslyn, 2 yrs (Morgan) ... ... Ht.', T. M'Carty'sb c Stanley, 2 yrs (Nicholson) ... 3 . . R. Cook's b f Lady Mary, 2 yrs (Roarty) ,;t. J. Mayo's bl f Gurnild, 3 yrs (Hinks) . , .-'" ; E. Hill's br g Rob Roy, 3 yrs (J. Smith) '.' J. J. Cook's br f Nellie, 2 yrs (Smith) i-1* .* R. Ferguson's b f Ella, 3 yrs (Mitchell) '- 7 ' ' E. Simmons's b m Loightou, 3 yrs (Watkins). * Betting : Even on Gurnild, 2 to 1 Roslyn. After ono or two false attempts tho lot wore despatcheoT| ... to n good start. Stanley and Eda led the van, foll wed by? - Roslyn, Lady Mary, Gleam, and Gurnild; Rob Roj', Nolly»' and Leighton bringing up tho rear, tho latter 10 length* away from the ruck. Thin order they maintained alone th» - back of tho course. Stanley continued to lead,.making the paco warmer until roucding tho turn for homo, where Roslyn and Gleam improved their positions, followed by Lady Mary and Gurnild, who appeared beaten. Up tho strnght a i«aguillceut struggle ensued botweeu ltoslyH,j Gleam, and Stanley, tho rest ot tho field being completely^ out of it, mid Carlow on Gleam just managed to land tha' Plato by half a length from Roslyn and Stanley; then; carno Lady Mary, Gurnild, Ella, Rob Roy, rielly anal' .'. Leighton six lengths off. Time, 2min 22see. ." Hack Selling Race of 10 povs, with a sweep of 10s to go/ to secoud horse; weight for ago ; winner to bo sold by' auction immediately after ruco for £10, any surplus to gO>. . to funds of club. Distance, once round course. . '. Mr. li. Ferguson's ch g What-you-liko, 4 yrs, 8st 111b (Mitchell) . ...1/ W. Doyle's b m Damsel, Rged, 8st 131b (Davey) ... 2t! C. Simmons's b f Firelight, 3 yrs, Sst 01b (Watkins) ' 3-' J. Smith's ch in Polly Aun, aged, 8st 131b (Smith) B. W. Corker's oh g Commodore Nut, aged,- ? 8st 121b (Bran) ¡?. Harris's g g Chanco, aged, 8st 121b (Fleming) A. Kirk's b ni Zoo, 4 yrs, Sst 12lb (Lovett; Th.e Held were sent away to a bad start, after-twoj attempts, Darriwell and Zoo going to tho front from thar, jump. After going a quartero£ a mile Chance took upthoó ?" ' running and led round tho back of tho courso until noaringri. the turn for home, where What-you-Like passed bira, andi ' won hard held from Darriwell and Fairlight, tho remaindeU,' ' following at length intervals. ' , ? : ' Muswellbrook Handicap of 40 sovs, with a sweep ok 2Ï sovs oaoh added, starters only ; second horse 8 sovs frerai prize. For all horses. 1-^ihilo. ... Mr. R. Lynch's eh'm Rosebud, 4 yrs, 7st 21b, Haw. ' /. ' thorndon-Kingston mare (Smith) ... ... % '. John Mayo's bl m Black Swan, 5 yrs, Dst llb (Huiles) . .a ' John Korr s b m Recherche, 4 yrs, 7st 41b (Nichol. son) ... ... ... ... ? ... 3 ' Alfred Kirk's b h Lord John, nged, 7st 51b (Lovett) Kechereho waa first away, followed. by Pride, Lorol;' Lyon, and Rosebud, Black Swan lying last. This ordeç» was kept passing tho stand. Going round the back oÉj tho course Lord Lyon made a Blight - improve UK iii; in Ilia' position, and immediately hung out signs of lameuesaij and from this out ho never had a ghost of it show.' Recherche still continued iu command at the bottom ofe tho hill, whero Rosebud ran into second place, the Swart" meanwhile improving her position, Prido a length off,'' ' Lord John two lengths, last. Once fairly in tho straightr ' Iiiuka made his effort on the Swan to collar Rosebud nnd.* ' Recherche, but tho former had too much in hand, und won" ? an caBy race by a length and a half from tho Swim antf Recherche, then came Pride and Lord John, the latter aa. lamo na a cat. Time, 2mln 47teo. V Welter Race, a sweep of I sov each for starters, with 10 sovs added, for all horses ; welter weights for ago,J 1 milo. .ii Mr, J. Lynch's Bulgaria, aged, by Bulginbar, dani by . - Kingston, lO.st 121b (Lynch) ... ? ... ... X" J. Campbell's Echo, aged, lOst 121b (Clarke) ... 3 E. H. Hall's Starlight, aged, list llb (Sweeney) ... 3 M. Daloy's Sim wreath, agod, lOst 121b (Baker) Eotting: Even on Bulgnria. To a modorate sturt Bulgarin jivmpod to tho front, fel lowed by Echo mid Sunwreath, Starlight a length eft. Aft- " thc baolt of the courso Sunwreath made a run at tho leadar andled half a longth to tho bottom of tho hill, but' before) reaching tho turn Lynch gavo Bulgaria her head; nnd "she . at once took eomniaud of uffoirs and led into tho straight, winuing comfortably by two lengths from Eeho and Star- -r light, thon como Sunwreath two lengths off last.. J '."v.:. Ladies Mile Handicap, of 20 BOTS, with a sweep of 1 BOj*-.-?> added, starters only, for all horses; second horse 3sova Crom prizo. 1 mile. Dlr. li. Lynch's ch m Rosebud, 4yrs,8st (Smith) ... 1 J. Mooro'sbl f Gurnild, S yrs, 7st 91b (Roarty) ... 2 James Mayo's bm Maid of Australia, aged, Cst 51b (Mayo)... ... ... ... ... ... 3 H. Houseman's br m. Cameo, 5yrs, 7st 61b (Darcy) H. Baker's ch m Vanity, 4yrs, 7st51b (Carlin) E. Cook's b m Lady Clifden, 2 yrs, Sst 121b (Nichol son) J. J. Cooke's g g Bismarck, aged, 53t7tb (Smith) Bottine : 5 to 2 against Rosebud, 2 to 1 against Maid of Australia and Gurnild. To a shocking bad start, in which Bismarck and Cameo were loft nt tho post, Vanity jumped to the front, fol lowed by Gurnild, Maid of Anstrjlia, and Rosebud three lengths off. Vanity continued to lead to tho back of tho coMrse, Maid a length off. On cominground tho foot of -tho hill Rosebud begau to move up on her horses, aud rounding tho turn homo Maid was half-u-length from Gurnild, then came Rosebud with a greatrush, and settling tho protensions of the Maid and Gurnild, ran homo a good Winner from tho pair. Cameo next, then followed Vanity and Bismarck tis lengths off. Time, 2min 50sec. 