HOME NEWS FROM A FRENCH POINT OF VIEW. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) PARIS, 31st July. The Municipal Council, in presence of the vast extension which the science of adulterating food has taken, is about nominating a special corps of sanitary inspectors to protect Parisian stomachs. It is concluded that in the single matter of wine over one half of the total quan tity consumed in the capital is delivered to the retail trade falsified. Adulteration has its own chemists, just as has detection ; the role of the former is simply to discover a substitute that can resemble an original in appearance and taste, leaving to quassi-respectable, but wealthy, firms the care to dispose of the fraudulent products. It is thus that we have wine, innocent of the juice of the grape; cider, without apples; beer, independent of hops and barley ; jams, where fruits are unknown; butter, made with suet; coffee, from carbonized bullock's blood; and preserved meats, where not a particle of the animal they profess to be can be discovered. A large consumption of wine takes place of a com pound obtained from raisins. This is not a hangiug offence, as bigamy once was, provided the vendor sells it as such. The law, however, is not so indulgent for individuals who prepare currant jelly from the pulp of sea-weed, brew small beer from box leaves, and sell octopuses as cooked Labrador lobster. The penalties for adulterated food are not severe in this country. A hint might be taken from Germany, where falsification of a comestible entails a flue of 1,800 fr, and six days' imprisonment ; if the adulteration be of a toxical nature, the sentence is six years ; and if the fraud entails death, the seller can be imprisoned for life. The so-called " Congress of Working Men" has cured France in general, and the working men in particular, of such congresses, where not a common-sense idea was exposed, not a praotical conclusion formulated. All was para dox, violence, and vituperation. The working men avoided the Congress as a leprosy, and several trade guilds served It with a notice to quit. The Congress had the effect of making socialism more incomprehensible than ever, and proved, what Thiers asserted, it has emigrated from France. The Congress was to promote unity and concord; but one has never seen out side Bedlam so much disunion and discord. It was not clearly established that the delegates were working men, still less French subjects; hence sagacious artizans remembered the old Picardian watch-word, Garde-a vous. Some cloudy Utopias were detailed, which resembled very much Voltaire's description of meta physics—one man speaking about a subject he does not understand to another who does not comprehend. One view was favored, that of relying on incendiarism and muskets rather than legal agitation and a free ballot-box. A weakness for rifles can lead to reprisals, and arson to transportation for life in New Cale donia, with amnesty after a nine years' residence there. In the middle ages the scholastics pub lished immense quarto volumes to expound the subject of their quarrels, or tweedledum and tweedledee differences; to- day the Socialists bring out newspapers by the score in order to quarrel, but without explaining why. In fact the Socialists have no solution for socialism; they speak incessantly, work like alchemists after the philosopher's stone, but take good care never to exhibit the most tiny morsel. When the augurs of Rome laughed over the entrails of a bird the sacred rite of divination was at an end. These observations apply to M. Rochefort, and the Ultras who drive him, before demolishing his idolship bye and by. Strangers would do well to imitate the French, by viewing with in differeuce or good humor the pranks of such eccentrics, who well know the first attempt to put in practice their doctrines of spoliation and assassination would result in their merciless stamping out by the Republic. Two of the leading Ultras have been this week lodged in a lunatic asylum; ab uno disce amine*. The wild men can make no way in public opinion, and rational newspapers ' keep calling on Rochefort and Co. to define their programme. The latter has been stated : the abolition of permanent armies, the revision of the Senate, military ser vice for three years, and the separation of Church from State. We hardly require ghosts from New Caledonia to propound problems agi tated years since, but that the Rip Van Winkles may be excused for ignoring. Time, and fresh partial elections, will remove or neutralize obstructive senators, whose mode of election is vicious. It is a monstrous ine quality for example, which allows an insignificant department to elect the same number of senators, two, as Paris. There is no constitutional means to revise the Upper Chamber unless it be itself a consenting party, and senators do not commit suicide. As for the connection between Church and State, this question is not yet fully ripe, aud besides, there is the concordat binding alike on the Vatican and the French nation. However, if the clergy persist in systematically attacking the Republic, which pays them, the grauts to the Church might not be voted by the budget commission, involving thus the rupture of the concordat. The Republicans may be en tertaining angels unawares, but it will not pay an enemy for firing upon them. On the 20tb August the last division-those engaged in public schools-of the Jesuits will be dispersed; some authentic papers have been discovered and published, exposing an organised emeute for that day, by the partisans of the dis persed. "Try it," as the Minister of War lately replied to Paul de Cassagnac, who threatened au uprising. Not only is the army thoroughly republican, but the generals in command also. Any disturbance of the peace, whether from clericals, royalists, or communists, would be at once crushed. Citizens may then sleep in peace. All the foes of the constitution, isolated or united, are impotent; they have only cries and threats, but if they proceed farther, to indulge iu music as Mazarin said of the Trondeurs, they must be prepared to pay for their dauciug. Beyond the natufal sympathy for private sor row, no marks of regret are extended to the pilgrimage of the Empress Eugenie, who will go down to impartial history as the instigator of the criminal war against Ger many, to promote the selfish interests of her son, who fell a victim to his own impru dence aud inexperience. But opinion not the less reprobates reduciugthe Odyssey of that noble lady to ridicule, as the Figaro does, by stating eho remained nine days and nine nights at the memorial cross, erected where her son fell, without tasting food, absorbed in prayer. One thinks of Dr. Tanner. It appears also that the sun could not be more torrid, though the voyage was regulated for the cold season. As for the Prince, "he fought like a lion, after running after his horse and losing his sabre." The Reformed, or Protestaat Church of France, has also its trials and tribulations, but which come from within. It represents, per haps, a population of two millions, and is divided into Calvinists or Orthodoxcs, and Unitarians or Liberals. InlS/2, the Syuod under the pressure of old Guizot, carried, by rather a surprised vote, that no one could belong to the Orthodox Church who did not believe in the confession of faith; whose articles recognised the truths of revealed religion; the divinity of Jesus Christ; aud the inspiration of the Old and New Testaments. The minority, 45 upon 10G, declared they re pudiated all creeds as being test acts, aud while believing in the scriptures, etc., claimed the right, as .Protestants, to exercise au un trammelled interpretation. A Ministerial cir cular ratified the decision of the Syuod, thus giving it the force of law, and depriving all Protestants who refused to sign the articles of the confession, or avow an acceptance of them, of the right to vote for the election of pastor or elders; and all matters affecting Presbyterial local government. The minority appealed that a Ministerial decision could not over-rule au organic law, and have, after five years, won before the Privy Council. Thus the Orthodox and Liberals are now as they wore in 1S72-in a state of open warfare; separation is next to im possible, for the stats will not endow the Pro testantisms, aud the right to local meeting houses, manses, aud the election of clergy, belongs to the parties having the local majority. Fuget, aged 19, was seduced by his paternal aunt, aged 31, aud good looking. He avowed his crime to his father, who sent him to a dis tant part of France; but on his return, his guilty passion was unextinguished; the culpable aunt, a laundress, refused a renewal of his ad vances. He waylaid her, plunged a canesword into her breast, which she courageously extrac ted. She was cured, and on the trial, begged to be considered as the sole culpable. The nephew was condemned to six mouths' imprisonment, and he assured the jury he would do his best to die in prison. The fashionable crimiual is Menesclou, aged 19, and son of a clerk iu the war-office. He seems to be naturally depraved; he was sent to sea, as parents can do when sous are incorrigible, as they can also incarcerate them, or daughters, in a reformatory. Ho was dismissed after undergoing 117 punishments for liitn pleasurable excitements. Returning to Paris, he refused to work, frequented dram shops,' but never drinking; associating with thieves, but never thieving; his weakness was for unnatural crimes. In the house where he resided with his parents, dwelt a family having five children; one of these, Louise, he enticed last April, to his chamber to receive a sprig of lilac. He violated, aud then killed her; placed the body between two mattresses, he slept on it during the llight, arid neSt day After his pareuts had left for their employment, lie heated the stove red hot, cut up the body into 40 morsels, and commenced burning them. I'lio idor and the hissing noise attracted the atten tion of the neighbors, and the mother, suspect ing something wrong, called in a police in spector. The door was burst open, the murderer found at full, foul work. At the station house, when searched, the little hands of his victim were fouud in his pocket. It wan believed for a time he was mad ; indeed, aane people ii<> not so act; but as he took in his cell to writing poetry, the alienists held ho was responsible. Now, Shakspeare says the lunatic and tile poet are of imagination all compact. He will likely be condemned to the guillotine, especially as he requested the judge Jo treat him as lie did his victim, and so end the trial. The thermometer registers 102° in the shade. This nifty account for the rather increasing crop of murders, but, strange to say, few suicides or sunstrokes. The aun may bo the source of life, but it is not less so the oauso of deaths. When M. Gambetta held his first brief he ap peared before the beneil with beard and moustache; the judges reminded him that was not etiquette ; he bowed, requested the suspen sion of his case for a quarter of an hour, when he returned closely shaven, save the orthodox mutton chop whiskers. The beard has always been associated with the manners and customs of peoplesthe qchls are represented with beards as expresaiYe as those of patriarchs. After the battle of T'olbirtc, in 406, Olovis begged the conquered chief to come and touch his beard, as token of peace. However, Alavio seized the ambassadors by the beards, and com manded them to depart, Clovis then swore by their beards ho would be revenged; henae the origin of that form of oath. Prom tiiiifi to time the beard has been wore square, round, long, short, pointed, and tressed. Popes welcomed and opponBd the beard, and the Fathers-Saints Ambroise, Cyprian, Jerome, etc., wrote for and against it. Queeu Klenore was divorced from Louis VII. because having shaved his beard, he looked so hideous, that she declined to cohabit with him. The Renaissance restored the majesty of the beard, and it did other glories; tl.uuilsa to the artists, but .Louis XIV. did not cultivate it) his weakness was for bag-wigs, to cover Ilia wen, Under the First Republic the citizens shaved as clean Ss billiard balls, seeking iu the folds of cravats a substi tute for the beard; under the Third Republic fashion concedes the liberty to be bearded like the pard, or as close-shaven as a monk. The decorated combatants of the Revolution of July, 1830, have held their annual reunion the da^ we celebrate ! were present, such young sters, aud staid jfro'rtsls aud immortals-foi these are Academicians', cis .Dictionary Littrt*, aged 76, Miguet, 80, the historian, B. H. Ilihire and Blanqui, who has never relinquished his love for a three days' free fight on all occasions. The fifth, sixth, and seventh volumes of Thiers' speeches have appeared; they touch oil the events from 1845 to 1854, and have a to-day actuality on polemical question!:. Professor lienzey, in his course of lectures on historical art, asserts uo actor draped himself so classically as Mclingue; at Home, a Consul pre sided at the games and gave the signal to com mence a rnne by dropping a handkerchief-"A starter before the era of Jesus Christ." Addressed to a man coming out of a swimming bath: " My watch has been stolen!" "Sestefcf me if you like, sir." Artist : "1 have just finished the portrait of iny mother-in-law, and people say painting is one of the agreeable arts." 