. ? ? ? ? — . FIJIAN BURIAT. CUSTOMS. Bv the Rev. Lorimer Fi.sox. (Read, at Anthropological Institute, April 13'/t iSSO.) JJiere is no unifontniy of ' customs in Piji,so-ihat n-i description of what is done by any --;ie tribe cm he taken a.s applicable to all others. The- strangling of widows, however, that they may ~ be 'buried with tne'r dead husbands, seems to have been everywhere practiced. The- widow's brother ; - pcrforni-i the otKjration.anii is thenceforward : treated with marked respect by his brother-. i:i-l;iw*s kinsfolk, who present him with a piece of-Imid, over which; the strangling cord is hung up. Should he, however, fail to strangle his sister, he is despised and ; . ashamed to show his face. When a worn 3 n ? i* 'tH bnu t to be strangled she is made to' . kneel down, and the cord (a string of .native cloth) is put round her neck. She j is then told to expel her breath as long as j . possible.and when she can eudure no longer j to stretch out her hand as a si2n.1l, where j upon the cord is tightened, and soon all is ! over. It is believed that, if this, direction ? \- be followed, insensibility ensues imuiedi- : ately on the tightening* of the, cord;! \- : whereas if inhalation has taken place tjsere j .is an interval of suffering. An excuse fori ? the. practise of widow strangling ihay be found in the fact that according to Fijian belief, it is a needful precautionary measure, for at a. certain place on the road to Mbula (Hades) there lies in wait a terrible god, ? p'W Xjsri22s-nangga, who Js utterly implacable to the ubmarried. He is esj-e j ?ciidiy ruthless towards bachelors; among - Whom he persists in classing all male ghosts who come to him unaccompanied by their wives. Turning a deaf ear to their protestations, lie seizes them, lifts them \- above his liead, and breaks them in two by , ..dashing them down on -a projecting rock. Women are let off more easiljv If the wife dies before her husband, the widower . cuts oft' his beard and puts it under her left arm -pit. This serves as a certificate of marriage ;. and on her producing it to Nanirspi nanirgii, he allows her to pass. On the island of Vanua Levu. a 11 a ted ' brave' j is distinguished from the common herd after death by being huried with his right arm striking out above the grave-mound, and passers by exclaim with admiration as they look upon the fleshless arm, ' 0, the hand that was the slayer of meni' For some, days after the decease of a ruling chief, if his .death be known to the people, the widest anarchy prevails. The idea , seems to be thai, not until decomposition mav be supposed to have made considerable progress is the dead man fairly done with, | and his authority handed oyer to his snc ? POCCnr - - ? f-l ani^a , f-T-» ft a? a -tiMnrr rtVt ! r.f } .is st'udiouslj* concealed for a period varying from four to ten days. By many tribes the burial place of their chiefs is. kept a pr.i *? .found secret, lest those whom, he ii jured during his lifetime should revenge iheun selves bj- dinging up or insulting, or e. en -eating, his body. Hence the surface-sods are raised with extreme- care, imorder that they may be replaced with a- little de rangement as possible. Cave burial is , ;./?? common in Fiji, although by no means universal ; in some places artificial caves are made, either in the side of a hill, or by sinking a perpandicular shaft, and then putting in a ' side drive' as the Australian gold diggers call it : this forms the grave, ? : and here the chief lies with his strangled woman under him. A sfcjne closes the entrance to the chamber and excludes the earth when the shaft is filled up. On the death of the king of the Nafcelo tribe, three old men come, with fans in their hands, and conduct the spirit to the banks of- the-river. Here they call upon Themba— the Nakelo \- Charon— to bringover his canoe, and wait ^ until they see a wave rolling in towards ' the shore, which they say is caused by the * approach of the invisible.canoe the}* theu r - , avert their faces, .point their fans suddenly to t!ie riveiv cry. aloud, '? Go on board, sir,' aud forthwith run for their lives, for no eye of living man may look on the embarka : ? tion.~ The grave is dug about hip deep, the body placed in it, aud m old cocoa nut is; broken by a blow with a stone, being so held that the milk run-: down upon the head of the corpse. The meat of the nut . . is then eaten by three elders, and the grave r is fiilel up. 