IRRESOLUTION. Saturday Review. SOME men arc born with a natural infirmity of character which, if humoured, amounts to an inability to make up their minde, to keep to one intention, to regard any decision, as final, A variety of causes may seem to un- derline this weakness-causes arising from an over-keen and ready perception of all the bearings of the question in hand, or from mere feebleness of character, rendering all grasp of a subject, all effectual hold, impossible. It may be an intellectual or a moral falling, one due to a judgment paralysed by extent of choice, or to a conscience made slippery by habitual disregard of its first monitions ; but in either csse its effects upon j a man's oharactcr and career are patent to others. People may have many faults which work in secret, which observers only guess at I by seeing their consequences ; but irresolution works in thc oneD.and is sooner detected by the lookerron than by the man himself who is a prey to this enervating influence. What seems to the irresolute temper the mere exercise of a profound judgment or a refined taste is detected by those who are in- convenienced, irritated, or injured by it, as the «lip and blemish which weakens, loosens, renders futile tho whole coursé of life and action. The irresolute man, ' whatever his position or his powers, not only fails to him- self, but is felt by those about bim to be useless for the parts of counsellor, supporter, or advocate. He is essentially incompetent for these officers. His own course is determined, not by intention, bnt by chance ; his judgment wants the edcuation of personal experience No ono can remain eternally suspended between two courses of action, for the world moves and situations ebange however much a man may desire to keep them at a standstill till his mind is made up. Something irrespective of bis judgment steps in and takes tho matter in hand. While he deliberates on thc highest conceivable best ? best in itself or best for him-while he fluctuates, accident settles thc matter, with little regard for his credit or interest. It is difficult, La Bruyère says, to decide whether irresolution makes a man moro unfortunate or -contemptible, whether there is more harm in making a wrong decision or in making none at all. A step which a man is driven to take under tho compulsion of external circum- stances is seldom taken at the right time. Owing to this demand for action, even in the most vacillating-this impossibility of eternal indecision where other men and other interests are concerned-irresolution is necessarily allied with precipitation. The man incapable of a final immovable resolve decides at length on jin impulse which has nothing to do with choice. Irresolute men are rash men ; prone to act on the spur of thc moment in order to defeat their infirmity and to put it out of their power to hesitate and shilly-shally. There aro caseB when these contending qualities play somewhat fatally npon one another. Thus thc impulse of thc moment commits a man to cauBe action. Knowing his weakness he is precipitate in making promises; but then steps in the habit of his mind the de- liberates and hangs suspended, when the slower process of performance ought to follow. Irresolution BplitB into two, or into many parts what should be only one act. With the healthy reasonable mind a promise involves its performance ; but irresolution never con- siders anything as settled so long as change is possible. Every hindrance, every difficulty ¿a an argument for a reversal, or breach of con- tract, cither with oneself or others. As a fact, all important undertakings and promises en- gaged in under strong impressions and warm feelings are followed uy a change of tempera- ture in the undertaker and promiser. The habit of keeping to your word because it has been passed, whether to yourself or another, alone sustains the will under the reaction. " What terrible moments," said Pope, "does one feel after one hos engaged in a largo work ! In thc beginning of my translating the Iliad I wished every body would hang me a thousand times." It is of course the relaxation of tho mind's fibre which lies at the bottom of all decent forms of jilting, whether in man or woman. Tho promiser awakes to the fact that ho hos done a tremendous thing. Thia may happen to the firm OB well to thc weak, but the irresolute are in the habit of vacillation and also in thc habit of justifying it as reason- able deliberation. It comes easily to them to hesitnto or to betray hesitation. Thc constant mind knows that it is in for it, and instantly recovers from thc temporary panic. It ÍB no time to wcigli the question when thc step is once taken ; thought and deliberation have finally given place to action. In smaller matters promises become a habit ta the irresolute, as being dissociated from performance. ; A man gives or accepts an in vitation in one mood, and backe out of it when he thinks over the inconvenience he may incur. He promises a gift, and, when the mo- ment of parting with what hil values arrives, he finds himself a different man from the rash donor, his former self. The arguments which should be silenced by a strong will press with gathering force and grow in weight as tho no- tion of the imminence of a crisis possesses the mind, with him tho fulfilment of a promise is thc orisis, not the making it. Whether justly or nat, Garrick's friends considered him as a framer of good intentions which he had not resolution to keep. Foote said of him that he often set out with the design of performing a generous act, but thc ghost of a halfpenny meeting him at the corner of a street sent him home again. The pain of fulfilment is the only cure for this vacillating temper, thc only lesson of any avail. Mere regrets, more peni- tence for past imprudence, will do nothing. Promises become a habit unless they are sternly held to performance. Nor will the conscience long warn against them, for all the pleasures of benevolence can fill a mind of this class quite apart from the fulfilment of airy intentions. 