A REAL GHOST STORY. [from the geelong advertiser. 1 Boforo relating our narrative it may be well to refer to a ghost story that has gone the round of the English papers. The facts aro simply these The jRev Dr Jessopp was writing in Lord Oxford's library, at Manniogton Hall, Norfolk, in October last, between one and two o'clock a.m. When his writing was drawing to a close, he says :— ' I saw a large white hand within afoot of my elbows Tinning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat largd man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been at work upon. The i man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely cut, reddish-brown hair, his ear, and shaved cheek, the eyebrow the corner of tlie right eye, the side of the fore head, and the large nigh Chads hone. He was dressed in what 1 cai) only dosetibo ds <i kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, clore up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand ; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue vains of the right hand were conspicuous. I remem ber thinking that the hand was that of Valas quez' magnificent " Dead Knight" in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly sure that he was not a reality, A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness ; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a ske'ch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil ; then I thought. " Upstairs T have a sketch-book. Shalt I fetch it ?" There he sat and I was fascinated ; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in tny writing I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this—my arm passed in front of the figure, and'it vanished. I was simply dis appointed, and uothing more. I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined to exrract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place aud attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my head again, to examine liim more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. Thete he sat, and there s it I. I turned my head again to work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are still before me and sxhibit not the slightest tremor or nervous ness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table ; it made a slight noise as it fell—the figure vanished." Dr. Jessopp's was a dumb ghost; ours not only spoke, but - gave a note of warning. A cat respondent thus writes to us : —" As I know you feel in erested in such circumstances, I write, in case you may not have heard it to tell you of a very remark able) circumstance connected with the death. at Hamilton, of the hue Archdeacon Innes. The archdeacon, as yon know, died of diph theria, and though perfectly sensible to the last, was unable tc articulate a syllable, and was, therefore, compelled to have recourse to writing. This Itmds additional value to the cir cumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon hud been assisted as layreader by a young man recently ar rived from home named' Lissernian, who, though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endeared himself to the archdeacon and all who knetf him by his thoroughgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the Parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weoks before the nschdeaaon. Just before his death the archdeacon, who, as I have told you, said all he had to say in writing, and was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into his study ono ovening, after Lissermau'a death, he saw him standing at the study table, and involuntarily exclaimed ' Halloa ! are you here !' ' Yes,' replied the apparition, ' and ^here I now am there will you soon be ! Mr Itines was not a man of fancies, or of impaired physique ; and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These facts are well known and vouched for." The Speaker snip.—Mr J. M. Grant has decided to offer himself as a candidate for the Speakership, Thus there are now three candidates in the field—Sir 0. M'Mahon, who is nominated by the Government, aud Messrs Grant, and Lalor, who were members of the late Ministry. Sensible Advice.--You are asked every day through the columns of newspapers and by your Druggist touse something for your Dyspepsia and your Liver Complaint that you know nothing about you get discouraged spending money with but little success. Now to give you satisfactory proof that Uiiuen's August JLi'lowkk will cure yru of Dyspepsia and Liver Complaint, with all i ) effects such as Sour Stomach, Sick Headache, Habitual Costiveness, Palpitation of the Heart, Heart-burn, Waterbrash, Fullness at the pit of the stomach, Yellow Skin, Coated Tongue, Indiges tion. swimming of the head, low spirits, etc., we aslc you to go to your druggist and get a Sample Bottle of Gheen's August "Flower for Gd., and try it, or a regular size bottle for 3s. Gd. Two doses will relieve you. Wholesale by Elliott DitoniEits, Sydney. 