^It^flriiujalldlltiioni^k KITH WHICH 18 ISOOHPOniTSD TEE LAUNCESTON TIMES. [PUBLISHED DAILY.] THUKSDjLY, JA.K. 8, 1880. 0HFOBTDHATBLT wo are not much of an exporting settlement, owing to the want o( Toads, and bridges over a great part oftlio island, rendering it exceed ingly problematical wlietLer wlicat, timber, shingles, or even some more valuable product, such as tin ore ororcn gold, will eventually rcncli a paying market. Onr own statesmen and public financiers eectu to hare forgotten that tho profit on a giren nrlicle of export is tbo net retnlt after deducting cost and charges. Every man of busi ness dealing in Manchester or Lords goods, clearly perceives that the dis tinction between buying cheaply or dearly anv tnveu article of consumption. is tbc difference between effecting a sale or not effecting one. Handicap a ship ment of cottons or woollens, consigned to any wholesale or retail firm in Lnancojton, with an extra half penny per yard beyond lite maximum paid for tho same article by a rival importer, and what is the necessary result ? Either an absence of sales in that given article, if the ordinary profit of Uie firm— regulated by keen compe tition — bo added lo tho cost of the article laid down here ; or else sales effected at a loss, either to tbc shipper — if the gooJs be sold on his acconut — or to tbe consignee, if they lie direct pur chases. The public will not. pay a half penny more per y«rd, because the im porting house happens U have had a bad buyer in Leeds or Manchester ; but, quality being tbe same, will make their pnrchasoR st tbe cheapest establishments. This is a universal principle recognised in trade, and bo highly is a good and judicions buyer valaoJ, that he can almost bo said to command his own price in the liome market. Ho even exceeds in value a clever sales man, for goods cheaply bought may be said to sell themselves, and tbc koonesl of Balesmcn canaot convince a tuo dis cerning public that a bigh-priccd and inferior article is cheap at an enhanced price. Costand charges have swamped whole markets, once profitable, and have drircn Bhoal6 of buyers into new channels to effect tlwir pnrcbases, while tbc discovery end application of a cheap ening pr-jcoss, as applied to a given article of consumption, or some chance aad abortive excess in manufacture, has given nse to a demand wlrch has de flected bade from one manufacturing honse to another — fromonotirae-honorod emporium to a npic-and-span new rival across tbe water. A case in point will bo borne in mind by our commercial readers in tbo matter of American cotton goods of a certain descrip tion. Excess of competition for their homo trade, under a close protective system, baring forced an excess o! capital in the United States, into manufactures, and difficulties of n financial character ensuing ; American holders of cotton goods were driven to export and realise for cash even at a loss, and hence it is said, tbo flooding of the English market with cotton cloth which could not In manufactured at the Bamc price in that capital of Cottonopolis itself, Manchester. This waBoneof the accidents of trade and competition which in the long run would necessarily correct itself by tbc loss it entailed on speculators. But to revert to our subject and to its appli cation to ourselves. Recently we look exception to the narrowness of tbe horizon embraced by tho vision of a Southern contemporary, who thought it sufficient to ' keep the wolf from Uie door,' and ' pay tho pincr.' It is this very absence of the nocetsarv appliances to trade and commerce, of roads and bridges that has brought the wolf to our door because most of what we have to export, or might grow, cut down, or delve for, with a view lo export, is ren dered valueless or ralhcr deprived of tie profit before it reaches a market. It is by this very absence of roods, bridges, and tnmway6, tbat we arc so boavily handicapped in competing with the rest of the world, thai, although wo possess the elements of wealth in abundance in our forests, mines, nnd uncultivated — because inaccessible — breadths of agricultural land, we can lay do*n so few articles of export in tbe home ard adjacent colonial market*, which, after deducting the cost of production, will lesro a icosouable proSt to tho grower or exporter of the article. To give another illustration which will commend itself to our com mercial readers. Could it bo possible for a time to suspend tlic working of tbe lines of rail which connect Manchester and Birmingham with tlicir ports of cr porte, the additional cost of carriage would bo so great, that competing American -manufactures of the same character as those produced in the great centres we have named, would come into destructive competition in every conti nental and a largo portion of tbc home markets, and completely drive tu for tho timo out of tho*lrsdo, by undcrsolling its. This is exactly tho present position of the island of Tasmania, It is undersold in nearly every speciality in which it deals, aud no wonder that tho revenue becomes deficient ; that (lie ' wolf ' Btcals tu tho door, and refuses to retire while oor present starvation policy continued, and that the ?' piprr,' in nrrear with his pay, refuses to lighten our troubles by liU piping. We require boldness at tbe lielm of stale ; men not simply seeking ' lo keep the wolf from tho door,' am '? to pay the piper ' by means of tem porary expedients, but courageous enough if need lie, to borrow first on » small seslc, nnd then on ft larger, to construct roads and bridges, nnd fo re movo tho heavy handicap which prevents m pretty nnd promising a ilsrk liorec as ever stripped fur tlio course, entering for any race, with tho rntrli weights that elsewhere ore taking nil the prizes. Municu'ai. AiHtsBiiKM-,— We conrratu lato tbc Municipal Council nnd their atilccrs on tbe satisfactory result of (J-c proceedings st Ihc Court of Appeal from assessment, beld yesterday. Tbc roll contains over two of these notico of only ten appeals were received. The rennrt of bow these were dealt with by Uis Court will be found in another column. Tlic Mayor assented to most of the reductions claimed by tbe appel lants, and the business v-as disposed of vorr wpialr. At one timo the Council intonuM to have the roll prepared bv paid valuators, bat Ibis n-onld probably Imre coil bouocn £1511 and £200. At last tbey decided to lalrc tho nrepnrntion of tbc roll Into tbolr own hands, aided by information suppb'cd by their officials, and tbe result shows tbat much care must have been bestowed on the the work. Still we leel boaod to ohjoct to tbe Court of Appeal as constituted yester day, ss however higb vre may estimate the impartiality of the members of tbc Council it is obviously most, objectionable that they should first prepare tbe assessment roll and then sit as judges on the apposls mado bv borgpsics aRiiiast their own assessment. Tills is neither equitable, soemly, nor rtc EiiuUc, and we trust that in future the Aldermen will have tbc pood taste to refrain from voting on any appeal u ade against their own assessment. Were tbe nine mem bers of 4Jue Council in thecommiuiot of the pesco as they might be lo attend tbo Court of Apptal they would bo numerically too strong for, tbc other Justices who usually appear there, and could tlius, if they foil no disposed, reject ovory appeal brought before tbe Court. Qinmci DaAMAno Biamr Ci.tm.-Wo sro Wormed that tbe tiarrlck Dramatic Club have formed tbomsclvcs fntj a Society for the private relief of deserving cases of necessity, which may bo brought under their notice. The performances alroady given by Uie Club have been -ucb Hint ibey deserve tho lialrunngc and nsalstance of the public Is tbeir new aud laudable intention. The firtt entertainment uodor tbe new nusp!ce- takes place duriug tlic next week, the partlcularsof which will appear shortly. For Nrcw Noefolk Asvr.uit. — A reppec table looking married woman suffering, we sre informed, from fclivious monomania, prncMdcd by express train yesterday, «i fo.Molhc ilospital for the Ininno at New Norfolk. The piuient, who was accompanied bv relatives nnd Mr District Consl.blc Covcnaiih, of Hie l'ort Sorell lUral Pollen ?Vree, caused a ratber painful scene nt the Tublic Gardens yostenlsy, when under osc of the paroxysms from which she suffers. As AccusvrtoH, — A correspondent in the 'Mercury' of yesterday, under the initials 'O.K.I,.,' who «l-ocates a revision of our Customs tariff with a view lo increase of duty on certain articles, thus delivers himsi-lf on the snbjcct of alleged tobacco smuggling In tU« Nortb : — ' Alihongh these suggestions aro all thrown out for the purpose of increasing the rorenuc, I would still at the same time recommend a lowering of the duly on tobacco, bocauso I believe a larger amount would be realised than is now the case. If Ss per lb would bs charged, wliicll is the VHorinu duty on that articlf, a large amount of smuggling, wblch is now going on on tbc Northern side of tbc island -and although well known to the Customs authoritios tbey have not been able to stop— would bo put an end to.' Mdlle. Oma Dudoiu.— This accom pllslicd Hussion piVtninY, wbo i- announenl to appear at tho Mecnanlcs' Institute .to morrow evening, will play tbo following selections on tho pianoforte. Caprice de Concert by Aschcr ; au overture with violin, flute, aud i iolonoello accompaniment; Adagio, and Allegro Bplrilo. In addition to the attraction of Mdllc. Duboib's presence seriHl local umateurs will render cleis, quartettes, ilucts, solos Ac. T*mab Rowing Club.— Tin. secrttvrj notifies that entries for a trial (our oared race will be received by tun up to Saturday, lothirut. LiOKoasroK Gas Co.— Mr Arthur Green, sccrclary lo (ho Launcciton Gas Co., invilcs tenders for the cartage for 1680 of coal, shale, coke, nud other coods, the particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns. We would remind consumers of gas tbat Ihc discount on the last quarter's gas accounts nil] In no case bo pnatod unless tho bills arc paid In fall on or before the Uth inst. Dakk o. Tabxanii.— The annnnl meeting: of tbo shareholders of tbe Hank of Tas mania will Ik held in tbc Banking House, Camrron street, at noon to-dny Mmr Teleobam Orncju— a notice was posted up nt the local telegraph office yes terday notifying tbat an offlco bad been opened at Mining, Victoria. THE AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL — The Janu- ary number of this well got up journal has been received by us from Messrs Walch Bros. and Birchall. It is as usual replete with readable nutter. li contains a New Year's tale entitled ' Cumberburra,' the continuation of the serial tale ' Fortune's Wheel," by George Musgrove; chap, xxxvi and other chapters of " The Clandestine Marriage," by Eliza Dupuy; and a new tale entitled "Red Rose," by Hannah Miller. In addition to these attractions, the number is full of Christmas stories, humerous ex- tracts, original and selected poetry, answers to correspondents, and other matter. ?I11B LmriiK n— Tbo inhabitants of Shropshire acd Shrewsbury, In particular. It is asserted, have au unfortunate bobit ot mlspUcingtb. letter H— a babit tot confined to tliat country In psrtlcular, bowc.or. The ett«r a onoo petiiioned Uie inhabitants of bbrewsbury thus :— '' Whereas, 1 lure by you boon drlien trom Iioubc, from home, from hoiic, from bcavcu, And placed by your most learned society In exile, aiigni.1,, and nnxielv, And utcJ without one just pretence, With atrngiince and Insolence i I hen demand full rcstitutl»n, And ueg you'll raand your elocution.' To this Ihc following answer was re Whereas we .c rcsouod \ou,Ingrnlc, ^rom uandcul), horror, and from bale, lulls horsrpond, and from And consecrated you In nltar ? And placed you where you ne'er should bo In honor and nnd |n ho'nc.ty :- We deem your pra,er a rude Intrusion, And »l.l not mend our elocution.' CBIMErEllS1 PiOttc, nOUART TOKK.— Tbcbydney University team of crlokoters wrra treat a to a picnic at the Fern Tree lower, tie '? llercury' says, on Tuesday, by lie irkelcrs of the South. The weather was dolighlfnUndihc day was most enjoyably spent. Borne of the party went to the Springs nnd ulhcr ports of the mountain. At luncheon, Beveral louts were propose] and rn),onjed to, the principal ones being tho vlsliing team and the Southern TasmSnian Cricketing Association. Those members of the S jdnev tram who Ui4 not ran tho Bower icfore, were warm in their pralsci of tbc lovely scenery. The team Josni by the express train on Thursday morning. SCnOEH DCATU AT UoHAUt TOW.V.— A woman named M nry Ann Walts, aluu fllcc, vrliomu raiding on the Old Wliarf, Uohsrt To.vo.tbe '? Mcivitrj' inff, died Budduuly on Monday ntgbt. The deceased underwent nn operation at the Gencnil Honpitu1 about two tuontliB ago, juui wub diBoborgcJ from tkut last. It ii Bomewliat fiingultiv tliat a vaoun who \/oa discliarged us convileEcunt on Bnlurdrij-, ebuuld hare required to be rc fuJniitlcd in such a critical BLatu tliat she died on thf followiup Mutiday niglil. 6ingu!nr, tuo, tliat liornJ- iidnilBsion ivaa uot ircordcd, at least, such is our information. The mull or itib report,3dto tbe fiobVo, and tire body win remoreJ to I he inorjucflttidiod to tlio lioapltal shoiUr after 12 o'clock on Tuesday morning. His ii'rolable Uut au .nquoat Hill l-chcld, Pmuca AisAMAYU. - The 'Evening Standard.' Not. 21, sujth :— ' After Magdula wna BLonocd and captured, one ot Lbe prisoiiora vho fell into tlio tmnJe of tbc BritEsli was Kiup Tlicodoro's boh, wbo wjn cnllcl the 'cuU'bv the rongh nnd ready fjoldler, and M.asso'W by younp Indies in GuRlnnd. It was n puzzle what lodo with liitn. lie might be tnkun lo taktn Kngland and educated, but lifter that, wbat llitn 1 Would lie become one ot the nentioners of State Mid tlvc va e, frentlcman, like romu of the Hindoos whose forofnthcrB held land io India, whicli the British Imd aBSUincd ? or would he bo drafted into tho Jndiao Civil Borrlce ; or would Lo be encouraged to return to Abyssinia and set up ni ft caudidatcfor the throue of u'b father ? Nature hai Milled the qoestloD unauivrcrably. Poor Prince Alani&yu; is deal. Though it in to tic faarcdhehai laiU'ii a victim to the inhospttalltr of the Bnglisb oltmatc, which is eo very different from the tultry rllmAto of Abj-flKininJicdid not tuffer from the Inlios piUlity of the KoRlish people ; he vo.\ treated by them with the Brt-fll.at kjudaeoe. The Knglish people provided liberally fur the ?iroagcr as a lad, and they would not dare failed to nrovide him with « be6itlo(r career if hobodlirod. He had already alaiuBt become ' one of them.' All account egroe in jhowing (bnl he was amiable aad intelligent, and that ot Euglinr).' Onk of the WAHTinipaKni- Biibii EA1.QEBS.— The ' Wahgunyah News' pub 1i»Iipi tUe followiug UUcr from Bcoac'A, one irf the Wantabadgery bOBhrangon. 'i'lie letter was writ ton the day before tlie icntcoce of death passed on Dcunett and WilliamB W8B commuted by lie Kew South WakiB Government : — ' D.irlLnghur-.t Gaal, 23rd Dcoetnbor, 187e.~ To Mre Edgecon.bc, — AllowmotoUkcup^n tuycolf ilio liborty to write you thesofew lines. 1 havenodoubt but i hat you have heard of my misfortune. I ask you lo kindly aend down * few lines R- rcgnYding toy charact.r, onJ I have not the If ait doubt Out yoa will batow that favor, ?ince you Imrc treated me bo well, ' and I a Btnmper,' wticb will never be forgotten by me. I bope your nplofon Is nut formed led into ft blindfolded, not knowiog anything about tt umil it occurred- Believe me, 1 lament bitterly crer lairing Albury , but t aw my life hangs on a thread, »nd a word from yoa will greatly help mr. I bad only been with Scutt {aha* MoonUtc) one day nreiloiu to this occurrence, and 1 1-o-l no intentions of anything of ilic kind, nor did 1 tiiinh but that they were honestly leaking for work. So don't bclioTC tbo evil rcportfi iliat Ray Hint. 1 had no hanJ in tlia iloatb of Constable UnwoD. I bivi h\r O'Kccte down here for a witnesi, and he spoke very well of mo. rii'tue scad an unm &s; iiostililc. Witliing Mr Kdgcconibe, youraclf, Frank, oad the rest health nnd prosjicritr, dI1j-t me lo flobaoribc mrself your deeply imlcbtWlbiit unfortuuatc-GuAUAH UlnnCtt. l'.S — l'leasc nddrciS -CnrL- of Cauun Jticb, chit plain of Darlinyburst G«ol.' Hitnoic Conduct op a L&ur.;— Un BolJI, the wife of Captain Boldl, of tlic (Jermau schooner Jloort.urg, the ' Argus ' tiiyg, roc«{ro-i on Monday, a further and very gratifying acknowledgement of her courago nnd skill in navigating her husband'! vcs»cl into p irt afler tbe greater part of the crew had become disabled. Messrs Latiga and Tliorcman prcscnioi Mrs Boldt, oa board tbc schooner, with a cheque fur £75 on batiaU of the Swiss Uoyd Iaiuruncc Com portion of tbc risk ; and & Jurtlicr cheqae fur £S5 on their own account lo eluiw tbclr npprerntion of Mrs Boldt/i '* own personal bravery and endurance; Huring tbc prolonged and disastrous voyage' Tlic letter from tbo Swiss Lloyd Insurance Company, which accompanied the cheque, wae afl follows c — ** As undorwriica of the rar.ro of the schooner Moorburg, which recently arrived from Foo Chow after BUch an cveutful passage as hai hem described in the newspapers, we beR to express, an bclm'f of the company and the other officre Interested with ui by way of re -insurance, our*|»|-ro- qitttion of your conduct in tho trying circumstance! referred to, the aafo navigation of Uic rceael iou- Die port ot UrieUDe being mainly riue to your courage, pericvomnce, and endurance. In recognition of your praioewortlir tod valuable v.nices rondered durlog tbe royagf, we beg your tecpUinceof the cncloicd deque for £15, which his been contributed to by lli« officers named at foot, and vho each ro -insured n proportion of tho risk of this company on Ui« cargo. The following aro the officers interested by way of re-Insurances:— jLuetrallan AUiaooc Aasaraucr, Australian Lloyd's Colonial Insurance of Sew Zealand, Globe Influrancc of London, Imperial Marino Insurance i-f London, Mcrcoutite Marino Insurance of South Australia, National Insurance of New land. Southern lnBurat.ce, South Australian iQiurmace, United Insuruice.' Acbeqac for £LG, contributed by the budc officer* whs dirtribuloJ by Messrs Ln-.go and TbonemaD to those wliu had assisted in bringing tbc vobbcI to port In ncknowlodguDicut of their pral bo worthy cxertioijs during the erentlul voyage, hs follows:— ro the mate. £10 : to tlie Chincso cook. £3; to tbo Chin bu womaa (wife of one of the deceased scatneii), £3. PBoFJtsaon Pktfbe.-— Prjftfl^or Pepper appeared *t the Towu Hallt Ho' art Town ? n Tuesday night, the ' Mercury' Hays, in an altogether new llgbt. There was a urge at tendance, and the performance wat in the presence of Hii EiceJltncy lIic Gavt-mir and tvome members of his family, attended by Mr George Brow no, Acting Prlralc Secretarr. The lion Dr Duller, Speaker of tbe House of Assembly, was also present. The Professor gave the Ural of a wsriei of Icchue ontcrUm approval, testified by frequent bursts of applause. 1 he subject tf the .cetera van ?' Light and Optics.' nnd tlic result wan I hat rejecting Kuncrally uuinlelU|tible technical terms nnd equally &i; difficult demonstration h, the I'rofCHBur succeeded In Jni pitting h won derful union nt of scicnliflo information id a n.o»tntimcliTewriy,tnalec*on more aeccitta- bk1 owing to tbo variety and exquisite clinr ncter of the practical illustrations with which it was accompRnicd. Hitherto it has been said, ' Ob you hn»e not seen tho PtoI«bsmt yet,' and last night's performance fully bure out ibis obacrratlou. He gave his tint In Htnliucnt of science In about nu hour, pree ant- ing as it were, a bouquet of scientlflo facts, tbe remembrance of which will la«t fur many year*. He introduced his subject by n recital of IUUob's iminortal piuicgf rio on light, then glanced at the c.jr«utie labors in the caubu o f Bcitnce by Sir liaac Newton, after which the audicuco wore favored with a tros^ giapbic dcFcriptian of the component parts nnd s(au- of furfonoftbcBun. Most ingenious unpli flncra Trere thtM employed *or llluKtratlng ihe manner in which the waves of light, btat, and sound were Iranstnitted, particular at ttntion being paid to demonMraUoog the transmission of light and beat from tbc tuo. Uy means of these displays the audience were ?ttiUUdtwtlic Professar, prorlded with n most com nit tc chain of rcnsnnld.g Tlriey'i compound pendulum was also brought into tt'e,And its pcrfommnocB vrera of it most interesting kind, revealing tho form of music aolosia tbe shape to hariLony^tisoonl.ipdaa ootavc As no cjqwsition of ihc priocfplol of vlbrnlort motloo ndd lympathotlcviaraUoa lost night's lecture oiitcrialumcnt kob jnost compli'tc The introduction to a lectureon tbc '? PersMenco of Vision' wtisalw given. Next came a series of HUflbratlons rt Torpedo Warfare, nnd these wore followed by a ' ghost farce' entitled 'Tbc Artist's Dreum,' ie effecu being producedby bffietetnpiy osicatlllaBory apparatus. Ui:coitDEB's Court.— This Conn will Lc opened by lli* nunor 1U KecorJor WUilc foord &t; jl o'clock thii morning. The list of prisoners In gool for trial, iind Uio charges agningL them, were publisneJ iu ycBiurdiiye ' Chronicle.' tiwAKEB in South Auflruixu.— By a corrcfipondeut at Clarendon the « Booth Auu traliau AilvvrilMr' islnforinvd of the follow ing instance of presence of mind txliibitcd by ihcJauRhtcrpf Mr Thoiuus A. Sprigg, of Glenville : 'The young lady was walking some littlo distance fium tbc houfe when she saw tlio tail of a snake in the trms-s ctosu tbc reptile BtrucJvlier on tlie urm, she feel in? tbc puncture quite distlnctlr. Haiing killed tticeunke, she took tier penknife from her pocket, cut tbo flesh out where she had been hitleti, nnd sucked the wound, Miss tiprigg has felt no evil cinscijuencce frnm tlio i«cidcnt. doubtlceti owing to ihe prompt and cQurngooDB manner ia which she acted further says that a sliort time ago a cat hud a light ch.se to tbu house with a snnku cf the same species, know at the whip Bnake; — but althongh the reptils was killed tbc cat died within twenty tnimilcs.' An Anciknt Colonial Dtca — Tbc foliowinB jiariicuiaTB of tbc recovery of on iut«rtBting relic uonueritd with lbs cirly history of Victoria were supplied by the Hod. Sir W. II. F. Mitchell, who, in responding to tUu looat of tha Lcgislatiro Council of Victoiift -at a fcsiirc githenng wliich concluded the Highland Society ot Maryborough's ISports on Nciv Yon' a Day, ii reported by the 'Maryborough Ad.or tiitr' to bare reumrked :-' Ttit-y wouli (-c Burj)riied when be told them that ye in ngo lie formed one of Ihc exploring expedition that ctnieovtrto this country from Tas mania, consisting of Captain U»Ul»cw, Colonist Secretary of th»t colony. Metitp Arthur, WcUli, Gcllibrand, und John Batman. They lauded somewhorc fu tlic Western distiict. At thai lime lie (Sir W. Mitchell) vas aclln; as 'aMlstniit (o the Undrr Binary Wi.ile in' thii co'.ony, in when sUtling the United States, they purchased land from the null its, and a dtrd w«s drawn up by Mr Gel libra d showing nU tbc different articles of hijmttrU given in exchange for ihc iT&ct; ot country which was purchased in U-e block. Uucklcy acted as interpreter between them, and the Bigoatoros and naoirs of the different natives appeared ou the scroll, they ratifying the agreement ^ oBlxiag their ' marks.1 He hud often wondered what hud become ot (his document, and lud f roquontly spoken to people concerning it, but did not evorexpect to ace ft UKaln. Abaut two inootba ago, however, the identical parchment turned up, and come one offered it for sale at the Public Library in Melbourne, of which institution lie was a trustee, aad when be saw ft he immediately recogniiei it. acd us tbe vendor only asked £5 for ft, be (Sir W. H. F. Mitchrll) advised (be oLher trustees to buy ili which they did. At the nrcsent lime ii i in the Public Library, aad tun be ieou by anyone on apjd'cution to the Bucrelary. Tho docutneut dcBcri'Jt-s fully tlie contract entered Jo to with tho aboriginal:,, tlm nuaibcr of blankets, bet (Is, pannikins, &c..; that were given by Ihc Europeans in exchange for the tmbmitted to General UourVc, but when it wm presented lie refused to rccogmse (U Tn.idiiy.' Ullioiodb Zeal.— Tho 'Northern Argus,'1 S. A., iB Informed that on Sunday forenoon, 14 th December, a (iia^rncfful scene was cti-icfcxl lu the liule church at the Wanlihud. lthynie. 6crvico bad just been oomuicncod wlicuarocmberoftbc choir, who was nither Into, 1'ntt.Tod, It apj)i*!ircd that auotber member of lhomu8tc»l bum! was in the place usualy occupied, by the former, and us he did nut get out of it tlic person who w«s late took him by the collar with the intention of turning him out on the compulsory principle. Ibe other resitted snub initrlcrcricr, and the result was a regular fight fur pine. Oao of the combatants by some lucans gut hold of a fctualo by th- throat in the etruuglc, odJ i-he wu uearly choked before he relinquitiUed hia hold. The worsbi(ijicrs were disijustefl at tbe unnccuily conduct aud left the building, and tuu prcaclier(MrLorcll) Mired likewise. Tklkouapuic 1'aiuff to the c'li'c. — We ' Age' have n-cfircd tho following in formnliun from the Post and Ti'Iograpli de partment : — The duplicate subuinniio cubic liavitig been Uirj between Siopiiporo and ?Tavii, the tvlegrtph Hoc is being worked direct bctwooti the former pLice and llanjoe wan Rio, and Kaclisb telegrams nru now received from three Ui five hours after being luimled in &t; l*ondoB. AL*o,tliiit tAilcgraplilc roitiniuniration wilb tho Cape having Iklti estHtilishcd, tuo ratee for U-lcgruins from Victoria to South Africn will 1-e a* follows ? —To Zamilisr, I.1-3J per wur.l ; lluijiiiiliiqiic and Dclngoa Us;, \r,s 4d i Durban in Nalal, 16s 8d | all oUlur slationi in Natal, ISs BJ; Ca;ic colony, lin 9d por word. Ricmaud AXtiio.v Pnocron. — The nnnoiincflmcQt (says tho ' &. A. Hcgisttr ') Hist Mr It. A. l'roclor, ilic KnjjliMi us Ironmncr, i^ oxiH'ctvil to Kmyo Anicrica fur Auslralk in InUrcitlngcveii to people outside sol ntlflc circles. Mr Praetor Is one t.f ilic moit popular of modem lecturer.^, nodbt prevent he Is making a socood toir to Canada ?nd tbe United Buioi. lie is also a proliBc writer—' Otber Worlds than Onrs' and 11 Light Science' being among tbc best known of his books. Hit contest witb Uie Astrono' mcr-Kojal resp=cliug tlm transit ot Vouus, in wbioh Mr i'roctor enme out victorious, caQscd considerable ili6custion at Ibe time, and tbc eminent a*Lrunomcr's cxploiallons of the southern hesrens nil! lie looked fortranl to with muth inlcrcsl. Bwjoi' AKoUEis Dbombt.— Thc'Cborcli Nrws' says the lilstiop has isiaoJ -rrils for tbe appointment of Synodsmcn to servo In tbo new Btdnos. which, witb the advice of his Council, will bi; summoned tomiot on Toes. day, the 3rd February, by whicli time it is to be hoped the session|of Pnrlia moot will be oror. Tbc ' Church News' also remarks : — It is, we brfiovti, ulmost definitely arranged that Uio Iliihop, alter more thao fide™ years' aiminlstr jtion of the Diocese, unbroken by one week's, retirement from sctire oniploy* menl, is about to par a short visit to England, It is tbe Intention of tbe Dcau lo accnmpsny the Disbop and his family, b very favorable opponunity bavlngbfferod itself of securing tlie icnlccs at too Calbedral-piiish of n gentlcmsii who has lately returned from Kuglaud »ith the highest testimonials for parochial work, loni lalued In tbo city of Irisbanc. Tbe Bishop, sftor tbo sosslon of 6-Dod, will pay n vli.it to the Ngrlh Coisl before his departuro.'* 