m ati MATTY. Rf iWi Bbsix. ; , r A. belief in ghosts ia common to most primitive people. "Hie ontiytng; districts of our town had their legends of ghosts and fairies ; indeed no Welsh district is without them. But most of these were harmless from their autiqliify, and even" the neasants beean to conslder them as bygone tales. Thiis, hbweyer, 'was not the case with ghostly stories originatinjg within.the .mempry- of the liviug ; for mnch terror was experienced by "the ignorant -<andi superatitioua, .concerning sights which had their origin in circufe- "Btattces of recent date. .N or . was it gaby to convince them .that flesh and bloojd were not spirit when once they had resolveff that5tliey Were. Mr_Suptfintendent.jPry.8e. was one of. the Anti- apiritriali8fe rof his day, anjd dhfliig -Ms long rounds, took almost as.fflach,tFoahle to gpn ghosts as crife- ioals Jxi gronh(L„ 9ut.. he had a friend who occasionally oame from a distance io visit him, who was -as- profound a be- Ueyj6r.ras. Ke'waa sdejjticaL They dip. chssed the mfer. withgut.ming to any- conclusion ; grew hot, grew cold, like the weather,' fiit- found -the , temperate " T am told that hundreds have seep theghost that haunts Gwynant Bridge;" said Captain CHyn, one day when the subject- cropped up. i "Fools! they,. .can't have seen itr fcecpsse they, vsrf>. afraid, to cross the meadows," returned the Superintendent. " But women lose their wits and even their legs, when they do happen to near' the spot u ".Yes j,more than once ; but I 3ont belkV frjp ." I thought seeing wafe believing I" s irdi'in Hie'iniattpr Jof 'ghosts. Our ipataraj eyeBaraoo " mote, CQOsMfod to see into'ttie spimusT WMfi' ttan they are at apintoal microscopesj eh:!, ; /, , , . l_«NooeeA "'Oboists are visible-with- outem. i ' Q- ahowa. aVwut he 'fuU of tfie.ngpn; It is; a wojpMi-yoa iuine, except, perhaps, Captain XJlyn, com'teander iif Hi MfejestyWafy." ; The . Captain woqlfl rafter have con- "Mr'ShpWifeendedt'-f'fyaeitetijdown jjiig, club , and jthe eS'iiWactid: -whence he. conUTdraw f feflPfeftwn T then, .called majesticGwen, Els house- 1TMBMis>iJwMt here nhtU' ten ; Ihenj if-weare notTback, to follow us' to' Gwynant Bridge," he said. Whtre the ghost steads and talks, sir 1" ask«I immovable " Gwen who her master said, oiit 6. have been a man. _."_Jep. Ck>mealohg,"Glyn." 33»ey «et out between «ir. andieeven Ho'rfocidffine Aprilpvemngrfdra Jaur- tnile "yndk-'dnwa Iconn&y.; : The enoon was liisihg, aod would he .at her finll W£ro? =beneath whidi aaapiiiiydr foamed ajnd hdfeaiBKfi&.'tween treeg that looked like an arm; of spirits in the shadowy light : then through a wood. Here myriads of blue bells had folded themselves to sleep in the white light, and primrose-huds slumbered amongst their leaves, while, between the beam and breeze, it seemed that fairies tripped it among the sileut flowers. By the time they had reached Gwynant Meadows the moon had risen, and had made of.lhe.dews. that trembled.. on the grass-blades, prisms of light They trod them "down as they' crossed .in the direction of the bridge. When they came, within a Jew _pacea of, the haunted spot, they baited involuntarily, and exclaimed together, "IChere. it is 4" , I There it certainly waa Amongst the trees on the Jeft side of the bridge, stood a white, transparent figure, tail and immovable. , :Qne hand was outstretched, the other concealed by shadowy drapery. The most incredulous must have ac knowledged that an apparition was before him — a pale, tbin, luminous motionless ghost " Enough. Come away," whispered Glyn: - - " Not till we've seen what she's made of," returijfea 'Fryse aloud. ' " Made of !" was audibly repeated' by some mocking voice. " She can speak, anyhow," said the Superintendent "softly, breaking from' tfie grasp of his trembliug friend. He walkfJ-toward8 _the. .bridge, ^hold ing his ofiicial club in one hand, his stick in the lother, >teS6Inte hriongh to frighten away any ghost He did sd in effect " I vow she's gone !" he exclaimed. !j " Gone !" repeated the unearthly voice. I " No, she's here !" returned the Cap-', tain, and " Here," was the ghostly repe-' tition. " I say she's .gone f.; "I say she's here !" " Gfene !" " Here," was ,reit- eiated, until the wrathful Superintendent scarcely believed his senses. It was a' new version of the fable of the cbam-. eleon. At last he walked back to the captain, and— There" she wasTpale, lnfirirTons, transparent . He stood . while, , s.ilent: and perplexed, then seizing' the Captain,; dragged him towards the bridge. " There I didn'tT say she was gone 1" he cried pointing to the grpnp of feathery birch where no ghost waB visible. The captain was almost more terrified by her -absence than her presence,- and returned to his first stand-point, followed by the Superintendent. " There she is again !" they both exclaimed, and "again " repeated the inockine voice. The spectre was -once more visible, her arm still outstretched. " You'll believe iu future," whispered Qlyn. " Can't promise ; but .it certainly is mysterious. Stay where yon are while I run her to ground," replied Pryse, so low that the ghost only murmured in reply. He need have laid no command on the Captain, for the poor man was plauted there : chloroformed, mesmer ised, uiediumised ; only those bard words were not in use at the time, the march of discovery not having as yet begun to tramp in that direction at Trefavon. While Glyn, medium-like, was: fast falling into a trance from gaziug it be knew not what, Pryse, policeman-like, was examining the spirit-hannt, as if it had been the hiding-place of an escaped convict. At another time he would have paused to admire the graceful birch, the rustic bridge, the brook that chattered. to the iuooig the sedges and mossy stones : but now, standing on tip toe on the brink of the bridge, he only strove to grasp the topmost "branch of the haunted, tree. .. . If , evaded .him, ,-how> ever, and he was more than onfce in danger of falling into the brook. But be was not a man to be daunted, ana seized., it at last. Securing, a firmer footing, "Be drew the slight tree towards bint, ruthlessly palled the sharp "knife frmn-his-stick,-and begau to hack and tug at ,the particular branch secured. After !mncb exertion 'stid 'detefmiaatioh he managed to sever it from the trunk, i " You've -cnt off-her-arm — and her bead !" shouted Glyn aroused, from hts trance. ; 41 Her head 1" shrieked the decap itated ghost. .Jlack ,,-went t. Sgperintedan anil saw tiiat all that remained of that jiiach- abused apparition was the lower part df her transparency. JlAmJf&y.i; to;Jhayg npotfe,th| tree, bat glad to have laid bare its trickjB," he, said, as if be had caught a thiel " Yon see, "Glyn, that the branches have grown iuto.ahe eleton hi a .human being, is seen from t is particular spot and nowhere else. When the moon is full, she shines through the intervening space, aud lights it into'a spirit. A-'sttp tbii way or that dispels the illusion. I nave lopped off the principal branch arid destroyed the ghost" ".<£>mei away," -skid CaptainTGlyn, testily, not caring to be convinced .againsthiswill. Nevertheless thespectre had been an op tical'diliuunn, raised 'pfeciieiy is Mr. Superintendent Pryse, had described it ; -but when, --afterwards, the troth was noised abroad, the , country-folk only eaid, Yml'shte 1' ifaere'e brave iiPiyse, Super, is, to be killing a ghost ! But she is talking all the same." The echo .jtyyajly, (remained .after, the. tree was mutilated. .... _... 1 have a policeman stationed near here whom I must look up," said Pryse, Us 'he-crossed -the style between Gwynant Meadows and the road, "'if y&£ -will jwalk on, I will joinyonjby a short cat across the fields, at the end of the wood.'.'/ "tHyiffetaaiy absented, :for': be getited solitude to smooth bis raffled feathers, die felt -aggrieved, eoddiaving been -made lS.to..ignprant domestics, inclined to remain ho lflsnan- hood. He almost believed that the -ghost had been - frightened -away an$: this belief for just before emerging frofe The wood, be was startled by something him into the road, where it stood, as if- woman, and doubted not that it was the her by with an apologetic bo w, being alwayjS, "chivalrbnsly polite to "The ladies. Hfe civility curtsey. lli.; " I will accompany you, sir," she sud, as he s'r ve to hurry on. It was the voice of the tree-spirit, he thought. " Certainly, uiadaui, if you please," he replied, politeness struggling with terror. She walked rapidly by his side, quickening her pace as he quickened his. When he ventured to look at her, he saw only a white face, white arms, white drapery. It was at least satisfactory, that the cruel executioner had not, after all, amputated a limb. " I am going home ; where are you going, sir 1" she said, after a brief silence. "To— to — to — Trefavon," he Btam- mered, " Ha, ha, ha! I live nearer," she cried in an unearthly voice. He wag thankful to hear, it, and urged his failing legs to iinpofeible efforts. Tbey had long p'assed the spot where his .friend ..was .to join him, and soon reached the cross roads. ' " This way, sir,'! she said, waving her hand, and he took the wrong road in obedience to her spiritual iuflnence. .They were now outside, the parish of Trefavon, and the road led through a baronial property. In a lohely tree- embowered' spot by the WSyride stood a small church, or more properly, a 'chapel Of ease to a distant; church,. Which j he had seen more than- once, and' whicb;he had.beeh fold was haunted.. " Beware of Pryse, Superintendent " said the ghost, as they approached this place. " I will— indeed I will," muttered the" Captaiu, dtivontly. tvishiiig he had never ' seen his old friend. . .When .they .reached, the- churchyard va'te; the spirit' p'ahsed, atid exterided her hand towards the sacred building. Guod- night. sir. I liyh hefel" she . cairi I.Kfrniirh -thfl OfttA The spell bonnd Captain saw her wander about a few moments in the. moonlight, making fantastic movements, : then vanish. When she -finally disap peared, he fell heavily to the ground and ' fainted. Meanwhile, -the -Superintendent had; r ached the trysting-place, and not ..finding him there, supposed he bad "walked oh. He eet off . briskly to over take him. His. soldierly onslaught having taken mnch time, and a lecture to a temporarily missing policeman, more, it was later than he supposed. He was met by his trusty. Williams. " It can't be ten, surely," he exclaimed. " Half-past, sir," was the reply. " Did you meet Captain Glyn 1" " No, sir." " Then he has taken a wrong taming.. >Vu must go back." They took the road to. the ' chapel, where they found Glyn. as we left him. A druukeu man ! How can we get him to the lock up f" they both cried, poking him with, their .pastoral staves " Bless us, sir, it is Captain Glyn!" said Williams, leaning over the prostrate figure " Ghosts, not drink 1" muttered PryBe, stooping also. They nplifted him, and Williams, to the scandal of his chief, took a flask from his pocket, and administered what he aud Dr. Jones, called, a pick-me-up. This restored consciousness, bnt seeing that he looked like a man- dased and scared, the Superintendent moved him away from the chapel. Gihncing into the graveyard as he. did so, be himself e.iw the ghost - Nothing . dannted be shook Mb club at the white fignre, which liistanitly vanished. "No wonder he had a fit 1" he ejac ulated, a? he and Williams supported the Captain to. a distance. - It took some time to restore him sufficiently for a walk to Trefavon,. and Jie. maintained such ..a determined silence, that his "c impamons began to fear paralysis. . He shook off his supporters, however, and fioally moved homewards of his own accord, a policeman; on. either side. His speech is affected, poor gentle man !" wbiBpered.WiJlisms. " I shall nevpr speak again !" groaned the Captain, %hich re-aBsirred the con stable, althongh he did not 'ntter another word. " . . They reached Trefevon at last, and found supper 'ana ;a"goojd. &ej.; 'awaiting them. When Williams had withdrawn with his last orders,' and a stately " Good night!" from his beloved Gwen, . the spirit seekers apd finderS were left alone. The Captain'recoveredhis speech. " You fancy yoq got rid: of tiie'ghirat You only sent:lt from: one tree to aq- other. .. I saw Jt sgsin, walked withjt, talked with 'it, till itvantBhed ..ihtotkat hannted chapeL ' "Ikto as. mnch in my right mind as you are." : j " I Caw it- there also, " said the -Snper-- intendent, soothingly; perceiving 'tiiat Glyn wasoxcited. " Saw it 1 Then you own yob have , been wrong, ahd mbre' ObStinate than ia' mule. It bade me beware of Pryse, Superintendent." I " I am not surprised. But eat yodr 8U'pper(' go 'to- bedjraud"'e'; Will 'kettle the; question to-mbirdw by daylight. I am going past the nbapel, and -yon . must come with ma Not another word. !l': kuow what youare about .tosay. is right ; but I have an-hodr's' work to do. and' sbonld like'to-see y'ott'in'bed fiiab" . ; "I shoold .think it tteur ;rfghT f". chuckled the 'Gapteih. taVing tip ;bis' candlestick, "but I have hnfl eriongh of the chapeL" , " A good night's -rest rastered him to; bis -usual spirife/and.!as.?jgfioefe ijfid ibt' walk by day, ha'ccMitented.to accompany, the Superintendent on his rimnds. ' They went on,, foot,1 abd he .did not feil. to improve the occasion by lectaring his friend n-bis anbelie who . listened fn much humility. ' " WfiebTfiey tfetehfedthe little -ChutcS), Pryse went into the -churchyard Jfitiiat consulting Gyp/rho, however, felt constrained toj'lqlgpw, He almost ex- pl'ThepeNHre' ipjrtciotmly; ghost-ridden epqL _ He akw "lnstrajd j a; woman stanfflqg Jby.«meighbouriiig ' about to ran away .-when sherierceivfed , liis hWDd gentiy oh her shonldisr. witb feieP Jsords-r;. : . - _i; . ' ' 1 ' '"Bego'aBd'I wi!! npfc'httm yoa>? 'Matty. ' 'Why wfliyoufnghtein people-at ... ; l " Bhehiib fo'cry and moaa; when pb drew- a gay. bine - ribbon afaS a jpaicket j<ff: BWwt'ineate'feb'inhis pocket, WMchtUhfe ber lamentations-into' joy. .Sbe rdsnoed iBtdjni'Toh&lhabahd;'fewjBd, ventured near, and saw a acr«!ge,,,'Witd. which, ahe-wpre like a msutie.: her matted lodd!c long and Cur, her eyes roving aud lustre less, her Hps colourless. " This is your ghost," said the Superin tendent, printing to her, as she stood admiriug her ribbou and eating her sweets. This is poor Mad Matty." She looked np at the sound of her name, but shrunk behind the Superinten dent when she perceived a stranger close to him. She soon forgot him, however, in her new pleasures, and began to glide and dance about, holding up her ribbon, and moving in aud out amongst the wMte-waBhed graves. It was- Easter- tide, and the peasants, according- .to,, their custom, had tidied Tip their -small inheri tances, planted endless wall-flowera . and polyanthuses, whitewashed, the s tones, and brightened . the otherwise gloomy spot, Mad . Matty aasistiug. , ,It was -no wonder that is looked ghostly.' in the moonlight. , . , . "Yesj that is' your ghost !','. repeated the Superintendent,- -while the Captain was following with his ' ayeh'.the muvel mente of the bewildered creature - before him. ." Sit down on this tombstone, and I mil tell you her story! It is ' pathetic enough, though not .sapersaturaL" The Captain obeyed, and tlfe two men seated themselves.on one of ' those large, fiat, ugly slabs, raised a foot or 60 -from the ground, ou Which friends were wont to chronicle the epitaphs of their dead. . "Matty, like all distraught wqmen, is siippohed .toiave beenxxossedln iovej" began the Superintendent, , "Xonly wish that I could, lay. -my club across the back of every man who deceives a Woman. She had no friend patient enough to try and keep her wandering mind at home, so at last it strayed: away altogether. Her relations lived -in this neighbour hood. 'and. wheu her parents died. Matty was allowed to do mnch as she liked. Deprived of the shelter of their roof, she took possession of this shed, and has been undisturbed in it for twenty years at least ; for she is Older than she looks. Sometimes there seems method, at others mischief in her madness. Thanks to her, the ghosUstories connected With this spot have trebled. There are people, as you. know, who don't pause to find out whether a ghost's a ghost ; bo Mad Matty- must answer for many a fooL" Here the Captain winced. " This churchyard is her home, and .she likes it She gets-her dinner at the Squire's and her. clothes everywhere, terrifying or amusing the donors as the whim takes her and them. She always manages to seenre a white garment, whether gown, or bedgown, which she puts on at night I imagine this to be habit — but others think it is done to frighten wayfarers. She has scarcely wit enough to carry on a system of terror, however, bnt changes her dress as she was accustomed to do when sane. Some times she sleeps in this hut at others in the wood we passed through. Poor bouI ! She dreads neither ghost nor goblin, though I have seen her frightened a t her own shadow in the moonlight Perhaps this is why she climbs trees, and perches like a huge night-owl, till the shadows flee and daylight "dawns. She is so s-iciabie that she geoerallyjoinsthe passer by, . whether he be friend or stranger. Whichever it may be, he is snre to be terrified out of his wife ; for her friends thmk ehe may attaick them, and strangers take her for a ghost" Here the Superintendent bowed signi ficantly to .the Captain, " Of course the police, force : have no right to be afraid, either of man or ghost ; bo we aire appealed. to in emergency. I More than once I- -have been asked to take her into custody, bat the Squire's lady pities her as much as I do, and we get out of the warrant between ns. Custody -means an 'asylum, where she wonld soon die." .... "So mnch the better," "growled the Captein. " No, air. Let her live 'out her poor life, as the cam. do, in her native Mr. One Sunday she went to church, and tile wise sexton put her out, Had he lether alone, she would, have sat quietly through the service, as she did "when young ; but as it was, she broke the windows. ' The police -were sent for; but happily, abe waa misting. Still I am her bugbear; for, whenever she is troublesome, they say to her, 'Take you rare Matty, there's Mr. SaperintendentPryife;' and although she doesnbt always recognise ine, ahe, like the children —God blees em— has a need less dread df me. . But i tell themit is . our duty to see rthat -men and women, ke) Th£ 'peace,. nbt : idiots,; babes and! ghosts. To see this 'qaiet 'little hook, one ran scarcely be ieve in its evil repn-- .tstiou. The ' peasants itinnot be got to: paSis it :iitht; ''bnt : y>eu -.ccfiapelled,- betake titemrelves to curious expedients. ' 1 A cbafwbman, whb'was engaged to.do a day's washing at - the pWreonage jniide an original one. Hayibg been obliged to go K1!! fjUt <«ii anpl iipfrirAil Avlfirht hn Atiintei'fl morning, she was asked how ahe mabsged. ' I t6ok Ian umbrella hrith nie, opened it, iai id held, it between ine and the church- yard, Then stack it in the bedge till I came, back,' "she 'answered proudly. Perbape, ''Captain, if youliad had yonr nmbrtila up you Wouldn't have fainted." This jcrjiel cat was not - necessary, ."for the ' Captain had Beep watching Mad Matty and listening to herktory until be wji jnjfihimielt .. . .. -'JTo.havefainted at height pf. tiiat dei!n4nted; ; creatafe !" he - - reffected,-'Whiie th'sbiperibtindebt xxmtinued, abidmatty danced np to them,- th'e ribbon -twisted in her hsitiieAWbetmratedevbnre<L -a-piece of wtii&weii.inKM;'.bto ... _ "-Yob see whit kindness dore. She. woaid never : fear fee, abd f .Bholild have infinen ce over her, if the idiote wdbld let ns alone." ""'I'will give htir 'hiU- ilpwb,i;fitid, ithe Captain, pulng 'feimnd-infe; hiis' -ptfet . . .. . . "'SS wiU on.tiwWhrij'Ste po Ibager-Understands the -valne iof inoney. Cdluprlind iWeeefe'ASe bU;she rares for rnpwjandaeeveii -scattered a bed 'thrit rsome Charitable Theptwrdrawirtii'a ' magAifieent %fep-bkevM,whitivinstuitiy ifie. roeesnd presented itto'her vdth a bow. She. recei ved it with ' V turteey wMcb she migtit jharo-ptciteed fMajpreasntetion: at Court itWas ao 4ow &nid; sweqriog. Hbe 'Snpririal'ddnli whowik! kraderbf ; old ; $ook9' wien> fie : J'jamthqujght jiff Sternee - "Mjufej"1and h'ow -she hiad ' tfemJmdkBrcbi, »Sd:dri6d the "teare it had wiped, in hm-bosoin. , ; ; <tjddeh'QOt-,1kiaow''tiie",;rdlief :of feBi-iaa.dty. s Mana -etid !toj JfeS4i419' (3oa,iteffera!«KriM» 10 the ' shoru lamb ' She is happy in your | handkerchief, Glyn." " Gid help her," said the kind hearted Captain, turning away to hide a tear. " I wish with all my soul she were only .a ghost after all." She was happy ; and so we will leave her : with a prayer lha God will continue to " temper the winds " to the lambs forsaken by all save Hint. 