BREVITIES. (Compiled from our exchanges.) A man named William Boss was knocked down and run over by the 5 p.m. train at Parramatta on Saturday, He was tryipg to crocs the lipp ip front of the approachipg train when thp accident occurred. Both legB were severed frpm the body, and he djed next morning. At Adelong on Sunday night a drunken man named Dines was thrown from hiB horse and bit his tongue nearly in half. A man named Alex. MeEwen recently oommitted Buicide at Benalla, Victoria, by cramming a handkerchief tightly down his throat, On Sunday afternoon a lad named Stntchbury foupd ip a hollow log npiTtUe orfek ip ^pderyalo paddock, Braidwppd, Wo loadpd reyolvprf. jjjpv were very rusty, apdwerg gyid^ly put A*— • SBSlU&Pgfflg; w Omnibusses now ply regularly between the different townships of lVmnra. me^rZod: o r g jjn g H ri; ^iYt Eedfern, when the guard had to shout lustily to p event him walking into a shunting engine. ' The Government has cancellod the improvement purchase of Messrs. Mack and Greaves at Lower; Temora. This is life locality there has been Buch , lengthy Mrs. and Greer, continued being disputes discharged about. from the Melbourne hospital on Tuesday, was taken on board the Chimborazo, which tailed to-day, but tbey would not have her on board, and she was brought ashore again.. A man named James Flaherty, supposed to be a seaman, was run over and seriously injured on the tramwuy in Flinders-street, Melbourne, about 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning, and it is supposed he cannot live. It is stated on good authority that large sums of money have arrived in South Australia by the Bangalore for investment ?n that colony. It is said on reliable authority that some of the members of the Berry Ministry divide their salaries with corta n other persons. At Kilmore railway-station, Victoria, an apparition resembling an orthodox ghost appeared on several occasions, and has been fired at several times without effect. The question of making the Attorney General a permanent officer is boing discussed in Melbourne. 