Odds and Ends. MARRIAGE OF THE LIEUTENANT-GOVERNOR'S GRANDDAUGHTER. THE picturesque church of St. Paul, at Redfern, was fairly thronged on Wednesday afternoon by spec- tators anxious to witness the marriage of Miss Elizabeth Stephen to Mr. John Macrae, an English gentleman. Long before the hour fixed for the ceremony (half-past 2) every available seat was occupied, and even the aisles were in danger of being blocked; but the firm efforts of the churchwardens (or whoever the busy gentlemen were who amused themselves and us by flying up and down in a most excited manner) prevented this in some degree. In \- honour of this auspicious occasion a flag fluttered from the church tower, another was suspended over the porch by which the bridal party wore to enter, and further decorations in the way of wreaths and bouquets were seen adorning the space over the communion-table. Tho organiste played a triumphal march, to the concluding strains of which the wed- ding cortege entered. All eyes wore turned on the bride, who of course was the centre of attraction, and looked remarkably well in a handsome princesse dress of white satin, with little or no trimming, orange flowers in coiffure, and the bridal veil. Miss Stephen's tall, graceful form was much admired, and the tasteful simplicity of her toilette was cal- culated to show to advantage the symmetrical propor- tions. The princosse style is, par excellence, the most becoming of any to all figures, whether plump or thin, tall or short, and for a bridal dress the mode i ! particularly suitable, tho long flowing lines sottin; off the wearer and dress material simultaneously Canon Stephen (father of the bride) oame first in th , prooession, with the young lady on his arm, tho; followed the bridesmaids, Miss Edith, Maude, am . Elsie Stephen (daught<>rs of Sir Alfred) and Mis Bedford-the latter a pretty little tot of two sum : mers, t/ho Beamed to think she was tho centre o ? attraction, as she looked at ono sido and then th . other, while proceeding along tho aisle, distributinf her smiles to friends and strangers alike. As thi Barty reached the altar rails, where tho bridegroom, i < staid, gentlemanly personago of good height am manly appearance, was in waiting, the ohoriBters vested in white surplices (borrowed for tho occasioi . from aneighbouringohuroh), sang the wedding hymni "TheVoicethatBreathodo'erEden." Thebridethoi took her plaee at tho rails, and tho six bridesmaids . grouped themselves round. I must not omit tc . mention the dresses of these ladies, whieh were o: pink llama, trimmed with satin. All wore trains with tho exception of tho two ohildren (Miss Elsi« Stephen and Miss Bedford) ; pretty mob oapB of pint sUk and white lace crowned the heads of each. Thc ceremony (whioh though Bhort, required in this in stance three clergymen to perform it, tho Bishop ol Sydney, Arohdoaoon of Newcastle, and Canon White] was then proceeded with ; the choir sang the nuptial chant in the interim, and to tho inspiriting mUBio oi the "Wedding Maroh," Mr. and Mrs. Macrae re turned to the parsonage, followed by the wedding guests, amonarst whom I noticed Sir Alf rod and Lady Stephen, Mrs. Bedford, Dr. Hobbs, Miss Gordon, Mra. Cox, tho Messrs. Stephen (unoles of tho bride), and other relatives. Mrs. Maorae, who for many years has taken an active part in her father's pariah * as distriot visitor and Sunday sehool teacher, was presented by the ladies of tho congregation with a handsome silver tea and coffee service, and by tho girls in her olass with a sardino sot. Many other gifts were presented by relatives and friends. WEDDING ON THE TAPIS. A marriage will shortly take piaco between the second son of a well-known architect and a young lady residing in the aristooratio distriot of Darling hurst. I may whisper that large sums of the coin of ' the realm pass through the handa of tho gentleman, but I do not mean to insinuate by this that he ia a Croesus; tho faot is only mentioned as a oluo to re cognising the bridegroom in prospectu by those who are in the seoret, and setting thoBo who are not con jecturing. NEW LOVE TOKENS. Apropos of weddings, 1 am told that since some one BO kindly took tho trouble to find ont, and make \- known to us through tho Press, the meaning of tho 1 word "Mizpah," whioh erewhilo was such a favourite motto on lockets and rings interchanged between young lovers, ia going ont of favour. The demand for such lettered jewellery has diminished, and those posaeaaing such souvenirs aro careful to turn tho in scribed side from the spectator. Tho you ag Romeos of Sydney now present thoir Julieta with broad cirelets of gold bearing in old English lottors tho devioe " Irbhar," tho moaning of which, I may tell, for tho benefit of tho uninitiated, is, " Th« chosen one." Lockets bear tho same inscription, and onolose a tress of hair, and tho likeness of tho fond swain. Tho dovioe is a pretty ono, and suitable to ongagedfolk. Besides, ithaB tho doublomorit of signi fying that tho rcoipiontis "tho ohoson ono," or that the portrait of tho donor therein contained is that of * ' the chosen one. ' ' Another favourite motto insoribed on engagod rings just now is " Aataro." It is almost needless tor me to give tho moaning of thia well known term of endearmont.whioh is tho Irish for ' ' nay darling.*' Ono advantage with tho now mottoes is that loving onos can interohaugo presonts so lettered with no fears as to the meaning being misinterpreted, as was tho oaso with " Mizpah." Floral love tokens aro BIBO very fashionable, and consist of protty brooohea of onamol, bino or white, onolosod in a rim of gold, and having painted on tho surfaoo a flower, Bignifiant of tho sentiments tho lovor intends to con vey io hia beloved. For inBtanco, a paney, whioh, being interpreted, aisnifios ''you occupy my thonghta." Pink goraniums, "profereneo." Lily of the'alloy, " roturna of happineas," and ao on, ad libitum ; for tho choice ia only bounded by tho langnaco of flora, and. tho vocabulary is extensive. Apartfrom tho pootioidoaB tho floral gifts roprosont, they aro likoly to becomo favourito articlos for pre sentation on aocount of thoir artistio beauty. SATURDAY AT THE OAKDEN PALACE. Tho immonso crowd that {looked to tho Gardon Palaco on Saturday afternoon, showed that tho aoquaintanoo with tho old placo was gladly renowod. Tho attraction waB confessedly tho servioo of sacred song, to whioh we woro troatod by tho fresh young voiooa of tho Sunday school scholars. But as with the other oonoorts to whioh we beowno «oouítomod during the Exhibition, the solos and ducts w almost inaudible, exoept to thoso in the immedi neighbourhood of tho vocalists. Certainly wo w rewarded by tho loud bursts of melody when ohorus joined in, but this, pleasurable as it ^as listen to, scarooly compensated for tho performa: in dumb show of the soloists. Tho front of gailories wero dooorated with mottoes suitable to occasion, suck as '' Scatter Seeds of Kindnea "KoBOuethe Perishing," '"Eoligion," "Heaven,"s so on, and the dais, upon whioh tho Govornor a party seated themselves, was prettily draped in ] white and bluo. Of course tho distinguished visiti appreciated tho musioal treat provided, but am afraid tho pleaauro was not unalloy for to sit Broiling aB though ono onjo3 listening to a oouple of thousand lusty young throi at the baok, and I am afraid to say how many th« sand in front, singing at tho top of their voices, only children oan, requires a Spartan like horoia And suoh our visitors must havo boen imbued wi I for, thoy boro the whole of it with smiling corni i «ure, and as though it was rather ploaaurable th otherwise. AT A BPIRIT SEANCE. Devoid of curiosity, I should not bo a tr woman. But nature having plentifully endowed i with this feminino attribute, the said ouriosity w aroused when I loamed that a spiritual manifeai tion would be hold on Thursday evoning. And wis isg to bo present at a seance, I wended my way tc certain street in Sydney, whore the entertainment I aBk to bo pardoned-no, I mean phenomena, we to take plaoe. Now that it is all over, I may conic to feeling rather frightened, aa wo proceeded upata: to tho apirit's apartment. All tho weird atories ghosts, fiery banda, oorpao lights, and such agreeal j subjoota that I had ever read or heard of Beemed I be conjured up in amazing rapidity, but on onti ing tho room and seeing it very plain fnrnishod, no cabinets, cupboards, sliding dooi and such paraphernalia, inseparably connected in n mind with spiritual manifestations, and the peof gathered together being of tho prosaic, ovorydi type, dispelled my fears. Tho room was soon lille about 40 persona being present ; and the modiui rather a good-looking man, in evening dress and blue volvot smoking cap, oommonced operations 1 selecting sitters for the first seance and placing the round the table-a fair lady and dark gontlema or vice versa, alternately, till the Boats wore all occ pied. Then, taking his place at the hoad, tho mediu spread his hands out on the tablo, directing us follow his example, each one's little finger touohii their neighbour's, till tho circle was complete. T) spirits wero asked, " Wore the sitters in their rig] places?" to whioh an anawer in tho negative (tv rape) waa given ; then having changed the position of aomo, a aatiafaotory reply waB given to tho r peated quoation. ïho medium inquired if any apii friends wero presont, to whioh affirmative rapB we: given. Thon eaoh person in turn asked, " Kir spirit friends will you tilt the tablo, please." Tl idea of 20 grave-looking men and women making th requost and waiting anxiously with listenii eager faces proved too muoh for tho gravity of young lady in tho circle, who, aftor inoffootna! striving to concoal her merriment, waa fain to lot tl laugh have its oonrae, and ao heartily that ahe s< tho whole table, spiritists, mediums, unbelievers, ar all in a laughing fit. Somo minutos elapsed befo] quietude waa restored, and in answer to seven questions no answer being returned, tho modiui suggested that singing should be engaged in, as tl spirits never _ failed to respond to vocaliaatioi Starting the time himself, as many aa knew it joine in tho " Sweet Bye-and-Bye." I ahonld think tl spirits are not troubled with musical cars, at least hope not, for thoir own comfort ; for a moro poculis medley of sounds than that of Thursday evening nevor heard. But the desired result waa obtainoc and aundry knooks showed that tho ghostly visitor wero in attendance. A doloful-looking elderly mai in a most lachrymose voioo, now aaid, " Kin spiritB, is my father dead?" and roooived no roplj A Hebraio peraonage made ua laugh by tho abrnp manner in whioh he aaked the inquirer, "Whatd you want to know for ? Surely you know yourse] whether your father ia doad or alive?" an thon on his own aooonnt aaked, "Ia thor auch a plaoe a8 hell?" "No." "Ia thero devil?" "No." Well, I don't believe a word of tha waa hia dictum. AnBwers to other questions ther wore none niter this, and our Hebrew friend lookei round tho tablo and solemnly said, " Perhaps tb spirits are annoyed at my doubting thom." Havinj interrogated to that effect and roceivod no reply, hi remarked, " Well, if they are off ended, they aro toi polite to say so; let us aak them something else.' The gas was then turned out, and tho room being ii total darkness, one of tho bolievora said, "I fol something touch my head." " Did you? What wai itliko?" aaked the H ebro w. "A hand." "Spirit will you tap thia man on tho head?" asked th« medium. "Yes.";" Will it bo a dead hand?" queriec the Jewish questioner. "Yee." "Then, please,; had rather not bo touched !" was tho reply, given ii .uoh a peculiar tono, that tho young lady before men tioned burst out laughing, in which every ono elsi joined. Somo ono then romarked that he oould ae< something between hia banda, on the tablo. Th« faootious Iaraelite desired him to hold it ti cht, sc that when tho gas was turned on wo might " all have a look!" Another spiritist said heeould see a " bac spirit hovoring about-a nasty, ugly looking thing !': " Lot that go," said our friend. " wo don't want any thing like that." I am afraid the spirits woro no1 very favourably improssod with our behaviour, foi what with tho quoor remarks of tho Jowish gentlemai and the bureta of merriment of tho young lady (which were most infectious, for no one, not evon thc medium himself, oould withstand tho impulso to join in tho laugh, when aho Bot tho example), wo were kopt laughing moat of tho evening. The said young lady waa asked to porform on tho piano, but pro tested that danco tunes were all that (she oould re member. Tho medium assuming her that thoy would do, «ho Bat down to the instrument and played the Highland schottischo, waltzes, polkas, &o.;, to thc rhythm of whioh tho table danoed, though all hands woro still upon it ; finally tho medium stood upon it, and tho timo-beating and tilting oontinnod. I do not know what moans woro used to aooomplish this rosult, but simply a tato the fact. To tho atrains of " Bine tho Bell, Watchman," played vory aoftly and slowly, the modium wont into a tranco, and whilo in that state answered various questions, ovidontly te tho satisfaction of the querists. Thia concluded thc soanco. Tho spirits present said tho phonomona was not at all good during tho ovoning, and accounted for tho fact by thoro boing so little harmoay amongsi thoso proHont. 1 oannot toll whother tho romark roforrod to uncongenial natures or want of molody ir the vocal organB of tho Bingera. I am inolinod tc think tho lattor, for though every ono joined heartily in tho many songa sung, ¿tho off cot waa highly discord ant. Tho musioal critio of our eontomporary would havo boon fairly distracted if lompollod to liston tc ?noh a medloy. NOVELTIES FOR EVENING WEAR. Our loading drapera are displayincr peculiar orna< morita for tho hair, oonaiating of a small squaro e> network made in gold, silver, oxidised or metall wire, and surrounded by a fringe of eoins. Tho 01 nament is laid upon tho orown of tho head, and th oom fringo hangs over tho forohoad. I noticed young lady at tho Theatre Royal tho othor ovenin whoso coiffure was so adorned, and whon one booam accuatomod to tho novelty tho effect waa rathe pleasing. Another decoration for tho hair is by n moans pretty, and from its unnaturalness, is no likely to become popular. How can one imagin with pleasure a repulsive snako coiling itself in ¡ lody'B tresses ? Certainly our mythological friend tho Modus» were BO adornod, but one acarcol; wiahea to emulate those weird Bieters. Yet faahio] ordains that green and gold snakes shall perch o: her votaries head, and twine round the (Jreoiai knot-pleasant conçoit. A MYSTERY EXPLAINED. Last week I took oocaaion to make a f ow remark on a "Curious marriago announcement," that re oontly appeared in ono of the daily papers, an( touching tho unusual addendum, to whioh 1 expresaec a perhaps not unpardonable eurioBity. I am happ.i to say that tho mystery has been solved, and while ] am no longor curious on tho subjeot I thank the me dium through which my anxiety has boen allayed As anything appertaining to the "holy state ol matrimony " must necessarily have muoh of interosi to my readers (gentlemen as well as ladies) I think ii only fair, as I was perhaps the means of arousing their curiosity, that they should also share tho plea sures of the solution of tho perplexing problem. A friend- I wish I had many others as kindly thoughtful- has told me ir confidence (a confidence, however, that I am per mitted to share with my readers) how the matter stands. " I toll the talo ns'twaa told to mo," sup pressing only tho name of my informant, and ono 01 two other items that might iead to identification, and perhapB oauae unhappiness to somo who do not merit it. With tho " friends " ref or rod to in the announce ment I have no sympathy, and in wishing a long life of happiness to the newly-wedded pair, I sincerely hope that their parthian shot has found ita proper place. This ia what my correspondent Bays : Dear "Gipsy,"-Your inquiry regarding tho "Curious Marriago Announcement" is very natural, and thoHgh to explain the roason of tho final remark will arouse unplea Eant Memories, yet your articlo is written in such a kindly spirit, that 1 will take you privately into confidence, and you can afterwards, without disclosing the whole of my letter verbatim, make wkat public explanation you please. [I could not explain it better than my correspondent. "Gipsy."] You aro a little misinformed aa to the wording of the phrase, which was, " Best wishes to all friends j" and tho word "frioHdB" should hare been in italics, as some thing moro was meant by it than the general publia would take any interest in, and for this reason. (I hopo I Bhall not weary you). [Certainly not ; proceea ; it is interesting.-uw j Tho lady referred to started horprofessional career ns a member of tho ballet at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, and being nnturally gifted, she was enabled by tho kind ness of sonsiblo xaanagcrB to push on well in her pro fession. Now you know as well as I, that the snccess of ono often displeases tho many, and our hind friends are over ready, avon when no opportunity offers for abuäing professional popularity, to slander the privato famo of those they envy. Mrs. Lingard, having taken a great interest in Miss Melrose (now Mrs. H. W. Emmet), induced her mother to allow her to travel, under her caro, through Now Zealand andother colonies. During her absonee, some kind friends circulated slanderous re ports concerning tho Indy herself and others, causing much, pain to tho fond mother in Molbonrno, nnd rendering very miserable tho innocent subject of those vilo slanders. The whole affair was speedily disproved, hut when her approach ing marriage became known, theoo samo friends were ever ready with, not ndvice, hut hints to hor affianced husband disparaging tho lad3''s honour, nnd insinuations to the lady herself far from flattering to him. As several persons had taken so much trouble to cause a rupture between the lady and her lover, and had even asserted that they knew " they'd both bo sorry for it when they found out," &c;, it was thought a fitting way to thank them for useless endeavours, by a gontlo intimation (which you may depend, they easily understood) that in spite of their anxiety for the fnturo troubles of tho bride and bridegroom, they wero not sorry aftor nil. It is possible to mention tho slanderers'nnmes (priusipally feronlo, I am sorry to say), but privato grievances would not interest you, and I trust yon will pardon mo for taking so much of your timo, boring yon with perhaps a moro longthy expla nation than wnsnecossary. But I thought you would liko te know, you know, HO once moro thanking yon for the kindly fooling you havo displayed in your remarks, I ara, QUEEN ANNE FURNITURE. I notice that the Queen Anne Furniture Craze has thoroughly saturated Sydney society houses. The following olevor lines aro from tho WORLD OÄ tho subject, by M. E. H. W. : I sigh for the days ero the orazo began Toattaoh perfection to good Queon Aane. With her sombre eolonrs and " tones," how oa» Tho public find beauty in old Queen Anne P Then her chequered windows, where sonroe a span Of light oould have brightened our poor old Anne ! Our carpets, our papers, each pot and each pan, Mast be modelled, forsooth, upon old Qneen Anne. Our "fair ones" have soaroely a jewol or fan But " bears on tho period" of chaste Queen Anne. Could we got at the truth, I believe your sedan Was only a ooffin on end, Queon Anno. Taste ohangos-it does-for a while it ran Aftor Louis Quatorze ; now it's ali Queen Anno. I would oxtirpate, sit upon, put under ban, Upholsterers " furnishing after Queen Anne." I know I am loyal and true as a man, But I own I would gladly depose Queen Anno. GIPSY. [Communications for " Gipsy" may be addressed i to the editor, TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL. . ; ,R 