THE DBY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS. Bx MB. PHUADHLPHCB Para, Hon. Sec. D.D.C No. XXIII.—WILL O' THB WISPS. The subject which was announced for the last meeting of the Olub bore a somewhat dry and uninviting title. It was selected by Mr. Pickup, who is sometimes rather uncouth in bis use of long words and cumbrous phrases. It ran thus—«• What are the occasions of the facility with which economic fallacies gain currency ?" His meaning was plain enough; but bis mode of expressing it was, to say the least of it, inelegant. The Professor was absent on the occasion, and Mr. Buby was voted to the chair, out of compliment to the genuineness of his jewels, I suppose. The President sent a note of apology, in which he enclosed a letter, which 'he thought would not be uninteresting, and which he said had been sent him anonymously las a contribution to the popular literature of the Olub :— "The letter of our unknown author is singularly pertinent to Mr. Pickup's subject, though dealing with it in English of a style that our essayist would despise." The title of this brochure was M Will o' the Wisps," and I present it to my readers in preference to the ponderous periods of the essayist, who, I hope, will forgive me for my criticisms. " Will o' the Wisps—What are they ? I have never heard of them being seen in this colony, except down Soutb-East, in the undrained lands, and there but seldom. I never saw one here, but I have seen plenty of them in^the old country. I remember well the first place I caught sight of 'Will,' though, by- the-bye, he has another name thereabouts, being called 'Jack Lantern.' He is like a fellow whom the police are always wanting but can never catch. He has many aliasses, and never sticks to one spot. I was going along a country lane one night. It was very dark; I was a bit lonely; I was getting nervous about ghosts, and began to walk sharply. Then I saw, or thought I saw, a fellow with a lantern. I thought I wonld catch up to him, and called out to him to stop. He either didn't bear or was too surly to attend. I got angry, especially as he seemed to go ever the fence to get out of my way. I stopped and listened and the fellow stopped too. This angered me still more, for it was adding insult to injury. I said to myself, I will catch you and if you are a poacher Til be a witness against you. I sprang forward and ran, and the next minute was up to my waist in a dirty bog. I looked for my un- 1 nown friend but he was gone on. He seemed to walk on bogs and ponds as if they were dry land. This time I was really frightened. I had got a nasty wetting, and had been cheated by ghostly 'Jack* or 'Will,* or whatever his name is. I got back on to the path and groped my way home in a bad humour and with an uncomfortable feeling about ghosts in general. " Now it seems to me that there are lots of these wandering cheats in the world which lure good people into a mesa by their dim lights, These Jacks are the torment of all sorts of folks. Some are theological Jacks, that entice men into queer messes of eccentric doctrine, about lost tribes and inspired pyramids. Some are political Jacks, who play all sorts of pranks with our legislators, and allure them on into all sorts of quagmires and unsavory jobs. Of these I do not wish to write my thoughts at present, but it seems to me that nowhere are there so many of these wandering follies as in your Club's favourite haunts. I am not sure, moreover, whether some of you gentlemen do not sometimes get entrapped, like His Exoelleny Sir Anthony Musgrave. I have made out quite a long list of these Economic " Jacks," and they are to be met with in all sorts of plaoes; some like farming areas, and some prefer squatting districts, others are to be found at the bottoms of copper mines and gold shafts, some hover about the new Exchange, and a whole family of them float about the city, especially at election times. I have met them stealing up the backstairs of newspaper offices, when they frequently take on themselves a twinkling starlike aspect, and sometimes they danoe about the platform of the Town Hall. _•* I have not time to describe tbem all, but I will point out two or three. I hope that your Club will act tbe part of special constables, and catch these fellows and bring them to the bar of public opinion. It is a shame that they should be at large, They are very bad colonists, who have come slinking over here from France, and from America, and from some parts of England. They are every whit as bad as John Chinaman, though they do not smoke opium or work with industrious energy on two feeds of rice per day. One very common one came originally from France. It may be described by this sentence— •The extravagance of the rich is good for trade. This^'Jack' does not do much harm, except that it sometimes leads those who are not rich into finding an excuse for reckless spending If a man breaks his crockery in a drunken spree' his neighbours console themselves with the reflection that though the man isa fool, yet the storekeeper will be benefited, and as his trade is part of the trade of the community, the community gets a sort of set-off for the smashed cups and saucers. The Sorata has been wrecked, and I have heard plenty of people say 'it is a great pity and somebody is to blame, but it is good for trade, for it is quite a fortune for ibe lumpers and the drapers.' " Another may be called ' Golden Will,' and may be hit eff in tbe common saying—' Why not keep our gold in the country ? Why send away so much good money when we want it here ?' It wonld be a very bad business for us all if we had to eat money, and wear money, and make our chairs of money, as any one would find out if a European war was to break out, that prevented us from sending away our produce. Hew nice it would be if we had to keep all our wheat and all our wool to ourselves How rich we'should all be! Bow manufactures would flourish ! Why, everv man, woman, and child would have a larder full of biscuits and ^"ripca of raiment! AUUIUU may be called ' \v~ages Jack,' and his idea is that it would be a grand thing to have 'a universal rise in wages.' It sounds very fine, but what matter does it make to a fellow if he wants to buy a loaf which costs 6d. and earns 6d. wherewith to buy it, or if the Bame loaf costs Is. and he earns with the same amount of labour Is. to spend upon it. It has a grand ring about it to earn high nominal wages; but what we must look at is the purchasing power of those wages. This Jack reminds me of a friend of mine who once wrote a Ohristmas talejfor a newspaper. His hero was Sir Somebody Something, and his heroine was the Hon. Miss Jenkinson. The editor gave it back to the author, said he was very much pleased with it, but suggested that all the characters should be raised^up a stage. So the tale appeared in due course, and the hero was the Duke of Someplace, and the heroine was the Countess Jenkinson, and the minor personages were only baronets. I need not say that the tale took immensely. " Another of these mischievous imps is one which has lead Victorian citizens over the Border into a very ugly bog^indeed, and in which they are floundering most piteously. Instead, however, of turning round and getting out of the mess, they keep on calling to the rascal who has lead them into it to help them out of it, and his only reply is a laugh and a nod and a' wink to them to come on, and he is leading them in deeper and deeper, till I know not what will be the end of it all. It matters little that trade is bad, that money is scarce, that there are hundreds of unemployed labourers for a market for their skill—the people still call aloud upon Jack to help them. 'Follow me,' says Jack, 'and I will make it all right. Let everybody pay everybody else qt everything, and Victoria •»ill K. tha ise of working men.' We sober persons on this side the Border call this promised paradise a fiscal bog, but in proof of his assertion that it is a paradise, a real paradise (that is a garden), Jack points to the Carlton Gardens and the grand Exhibition, and the crowds of bfgwigs that have come to the Show, and the procession on the opening day, and the tons of exhibits that are stored in the concern, which cannot be sold without duty being paid. Yes, Jack is right • it is a paradise, and a very pretty one too, but it is a paradise in the midst of a very ugly mud ocean of debt and perplexity. I hope our working men will be too 'cute to listen to the voice, or to follow the lantern of Jack, charm he ever so wisely, or twinkle ever so prettily " 33iw curious paper which our President sent us aid not end here, but as my space ends here I must reserve the rest of it for another To NrwTT-WEnDBD COUPLES.—A clergyman rejfehing from one of the Madras pulpits on the' ariRy of excuses made by pedple foe not attending church, came to that of the bridegroom w£o said." I have married a wife, and therefore I mnnot oome." This the reverend gentleman thought a very lame excuse; for, he asked," Why could he not have taken his wife with him ?" "As You Like It" was reoently produced in Wilna, Prussia. The audience was so delighted with the play that loud cries went out for the author. The manager of the theatre knew nothing of English literature; but, after stammering around for awhile, announced that the author of the play was an Englishman—one Mr. Shakspeare—wbohad been dead, he regretted to state for some twenty-five years. The audience expressed with emphasis their profound regret at not being able to meet so clever a {playwright. HEABD N» MID^CHAMKBL.—Eobinson-" You've seen more of the world than most people, Mrs. Smart Now, where have you met the handsomest, pleasantest, and best-bred people?" Fair American—" Well—among your British aristocracy/' Bobinson—" Indeed .' that is most gratifying to my pride as an Englishman! And where have you encountered-a—the ugliest, vulgarest, and most offensive specimens of humanity ?" Fair American—" Well, among your British aristocracy."—Punch. 