YOONG ELECTORATE. THE NOMINATION. JUBT before-noon on Thursday a large crowd assembled at the hustings erected on the vacant ground fronting St. John's Church, in Burrowastreet, 13-be present at the nomination of mem- bers to serve in the eusuing Legislative Assembly. The Returning Officer, Dr. Heeley, opened the proceedings. He Btated that the proposers and seconders would have to confine their speeches to five minutes' duration, and asked that the candidates should be as brief as possible. He then called upon some person to nominate Mr. Heaton. Mr. Jenkins objected to Mr. Heaton being first nominated, as be was not first in the field, and a Mr. Sullivan objected to this action of the,returning officer. The returning officer said he would not allow Mr. Heaton to be nominated at all if he was not nominated at onoe. Mr. Heaton dared the returning officer to prevent him being nominated. The returning officer ruled that Mr. Heaton's announcement was the first to appear, on the authority of tar. Johnson, Mr. Heaton said he did not consent to stand until 28th Ootober. Mr. James Wateon rose to a point of order, Mr. Heaton said Mr. JameB Watson's announcement appeared on 14th October, in reply to a letter of Mr. RufBell'e. Mr. Johnson said he had no authority to insert Mr. Heaton's advertiBment. Mr, W. J. Watson would ask the proprietors of the papers whether the advertismeut alluded to by Mr. Johnson was not under the hand and seal of Mr. Heaton. (Laughter.) Mr. Crowe deprecated there being such a fuss made, and a id he was the youngest candidate, but he would consent to be nominated first. Mr. T. Freeman felt proud at the opportunity of nominating such 1 man as Mr. Crowe, who was a man of liberal views and unblemished reputation. (Cheers and yellB.) If MeBBrs, Crowe and Heaton were not returned it would be no disgrace to themselves; the disgrace would rest on the electors. Mr. D. McGregor seconded the motion. Mr, Heaton declined to be nominated at this stage of the proceedings. Mr. J. Gough nominated Mr. W. J. Watsou. (Boo-hoo.) He WBB a British subject and would not be put down. He had known the Watsons for nearly twenty years and believed they'd be good representatives. He had known the candidate for 17 years and thought he was entitled to their suffrages. They were all aware of his intellectual capacity. (Yells, laughter and cheers.) and had heard him explain his views on every political subjeot. (They were not his own opinions. Lie down. Boo-hoo.) _ Mr. George Lyons who could not be distinctly heard owing to the confusion seconded the proposition. The returning officer asked whether there were any more candidates but received no reply. He then called for the nomination of Mr. James Watson, but that gentleman said he was not a candidate at present. Mr, Heaton: Would Mr. James Watson draw to see whom should be next nominated. Mr. James Watson : Don't speak to me. Mr. Heaton : I'can well afford to do that. The returning officer said tbe time had expired for nomination of candidates, and he therefore declared At this moment Mr. R. L. Smith jumped up aud nominated Mr. Heaiou. Mr. J. F. Jenkins then propused Mr. James Watpup and some confnqion eiisged during which ,tlr. Turnrock was uixiuiBtood to second Mr. Heaton. Mr. A. Cohen proposed Mr. .lames WatBOn. (Lead off fugleman.) He spoke of his good qtialnies anil said he would not (.ropose him if be did not believe in him. He w. old presently uive them Ins opinions. (Yes and alter them afterwards), £}p irqsted they would return him. (What-about the corner). Mr. Fletcher seconded. Mr. Watson had represented them for eleven years and had done nothing o forfeit their, eonti.leiice. Hi« opponents Hi.II-eil the pnseii. G"tvri.mei|i Hill lie ihi.Uiiht. II lIlB tx-nt I lie} hail ever llrtd ; ,,11 HCC'iini of Hie eiiucaiitiu question if fnf l|ui(iin£ e|ee. I Mr. HeKh.11 would inuotl prefer withdrawing to being nmiiindteu iiy the persona who proposed | him I Mr.J. F. Jenkins, amide Some Confusion proponed Mr Heaioii, and t.-ie proposition was aeended by Mr. P. Craui. The returning officer declined to receive l^e last nomination aud called op Air. Qrowe to aq.ivewi I hp ^WtiftB Mr. Crove said he was nearly not being any further a candidate. He did not think it just , that he, the you- gest candidate, should have ) had to address the meeting first, and protested I against the conduct of the returning of^oef, (Cheers and yells) as he considered that he aoted in the capacity "" of " e a partisan. He " had • • told ••-• them more than once just recently his opinions on the principal questions of the day, and therefore would not trespass long upon their time. He intended to refrain from personalities, and hoped they would accord him a fair hearing. He was oppoBed to the fiscal policy of the Government, and showed that it wqs coqdptftned in IJnglapd, E}e referred, as in hfcspeeph at the Meohanios' Institute, to the artiole from tbe London Times. This policy was most unjust. He had already announced that he was in favour of a steady protective policy, and would be iu favour, if elected, which he thought he would be, (Cheers and laughter) of a measure to proteot the farmers, who were a desevvipg ^lass. He would ppdeavom; tp settle the people op the land. The only objection which he oould see to the abolition of interest was that the oountry would lose £200,000 a year by it but to make this up he would propose a taxation of say 5 per cent ou property Which would more than compensate. (Cheers &nd; yells.) Regarding the OhjneBe question, hp did dot tjiink any ta* upon these people could compensate for the' injury they did. It was a well-kpown historical fact that it was the overrunniegby barbarous nations whichhad swept civilized nations off the face of the earth. He would not take up their time any longer, but would ask them, if they approved of his prinoipies to signify the sapie by tbe ballot box (Cheers andhootings and " What about the education question.) He had already given his views on that matter. Mr. W. J. Watson who was greeted with cheers apd yells did not intend to come out with such big words 4s Mr. (3rowe. (you're not able.) He thought thai the fact of Mr. George Lyons coining forward to propose him ought to be a sufficient recomfflendatiotrS" their confidence. (Cheers and hootings). _ If""" 1 -, they hooted from now till to-morrow morning they'd have to hear him. He had .refrained from personalities. (Where). He had never mentioned Mr. Crowe's name and never mentioned Mr. Heaton's name but (Mr. Heaton, Yes y6u did and you showed my private letters all over the town. Cheers and yells.) Mr. Heaton in the opening of his address spoke about the ladies voting for him, but. he, Mr Watson, thought that if he went to Sydnev nr Melbourne-he would get a oertain class of females to vote for him He was" a free-trader and oould see what Protection had done to injure Victoria, while manufactures here were increasing. He quoted some statistics in reference to the increase of manufactures in this colony (What about gaol labour?) (What about. Dumps?) The Victorian factories employed women and poor girls, and when Mr. Heaton and his friends nalked up and down Little Bourkestreet of a night they could Bee them there. (Hootings and cries of " Shame") With reference to the Publican's Act, if returned—(Confusion and cries of " Boohoo"). He believed in closingpublic-housesonSunday. Hequotedsome figures, before given (What about the Chinamen) with reference to the number of persons employed in public-houses on a Sunday, and would be in favour of their getting out and having a chance to worship God the same as other people. He would not shirk the education question, as Mr. Crowe did (Boo-hoo) He found he was surrounded by butcher-boys, (Confusion. " Who got a black eye in a publio-house"). He said he voteri in the Church of England SyncU against Canon Smith closing the Church of England denominational school at Bathurst, He believed in giving the present Act a fair trial, and that it would be a boon to the rising generation. He went to the Church of England school here, and found that the Minister had only visited it once in two years, and he went to '.he Roman Catholic school and found that it was the same. (Confusion and several voices " It's a lie"), If people wished for their children to have religious instruction they could get it for one hour a day in the publio schools, and he thought it behoved them to beep down sectarian feelings. (" Hear," and yells. " Give UB the Chinamen old man"), One of the candidates had said he was an employer of Chinese. He had never employed but one, and that was a cojk. He threw the assertion back on Mr. Heaton (What roout the strike in Sydney), He would nr>t consent to remit £5,000,000 of the publio money into the hands of the squatters and monetary institutions. He would never consent to repudiation. Some parties Baid that the taxation would notcome in for fifteen years ; but it must fall on the head of the poorer classes. The selectors as a rule did not want it and were always as a rule able to meet their engagements, aud if they gave up this amount theunust be taxed in some other way. He was jjHTfavour of a railway line between Murrumburrah and Blavney, but advocated the oon. Itruction of a tramway, from the former piaoe |o Young) and believed they would have iE IB—twelve months, aud then the growers of wheat would not be oompelled to sell either to Peter Cram or W. J. Watson. He would advocate the link line of railway and would advocate the extension of the tramway from Young to Bland and Cudgellico. He would reduce the expenditure in the Civil Service by weeding out the useless hands and compelling the others to work longer hours. The gold Mining Act and regulations he considered too cumbrous and oppressive to the miners, aud he contrasted them ti nf avourably with the old lawB. (How about the Chinamen coming alongside of us.) It was a great pity that person had not a Chinaman alongside of him to stop his mouth. He was_ a strong advocate for mining on private property, and thought the miners ought to be allowed to go on private land, and that if they found gold the Government ought to compensate the owners, He would not detain them any longer. He did not come before them on the soore of country or religion. He thought that any man who tried to raise a sectarian cry was unworthy. (Hear.) He was an Irishman, but he did not come before them for that He came before them on certain principles and if they liked them let tbein return him. (Oh- ers and hootings.) He was loyal to the Queen, lint when a candidate came before them who insnlted her as Mr. Cro»^di.l (vtr Crowe " When." Others "Its a lie." Confusion.) He, Mr. Watson asked them to place the Watanns a' the head of the poll „n Monday. (Cheers ai,d yells.) Mr. O'Halloran aaked whether Mr. Watson thought, it poasiMe for clergymen to visit every school in their district Mr Watson said ilie alnmy nr whom they likvd to appoini coil Id do it. Mr Heaton was oexi calloH on. H* thought that the person who I,a,I just aa down, and aspired to he mmnher for YonnR, was very much mistaken on the oharact«r of the people. He complained of falsehoods which had heen circulated about him, not openly hti- quietly He was informed (ha \1. W. i W. -on had a wife and perhaps 0,1 ild.eu J l„ t.-oo-e f had a »ifeHnd Children and ..„ „cco,.u, ..f •(,»• «„nmn Ile deolined to enter into a pemoii i c-nreat, (Hear) He alluded tot he ,n,rt,.rhl lt,ainu».io„, luJB by Mr W J.WH,».„ „!,„,„ prostatites and „, nn, and trimted not to lose hia temper under this deep^aggravation. It w„s diaciisned last night whether he should mak.- some statements not creditable to his opponents, but he declined to do so aud he was sure the meeting would not he led away by what his opponents said. Some- thing had been said ah.mt Irishmen, but he doubted whether Armagh was in Ireland. There han come across tue sea from Amiagh, a story which he had declined to believe. As be would be their member (Cheers and lai-ahter) he would endenvonr to withhold certain facts in his nos. BBssion, but he beeged them not to drive him to extremities. He wished to know now whether Mr. James Watson intended to say anything about his personal character. (Cheers an! ' ur'f 'rj H e B8ked him agsiu. (Mr. James Watson did not reply ) lf Mr. James Wa"oD attacked his personal character he would have to hold a meeting afterwards and reply to him Be did not believe that Mr. Owwe hSd ever said anything disparaging of the Queen. (Mr. James Slatyer .aid that Mr. Crowe dTd do so at Temora, and that the faot was pnh. lished in one of the Temora papers. Mr. Orowo denied having done so, on the other hand he proposed three cheers for the Queen.) If he thought for one moment that 1 Single sentiment of disloyalty had been uttered by Mr. Crowe he would retire from the contest. But it was not loyalty to the Queen, it was loyalty to the Watson Bros., which was wanted on Monday next. He askei ProteBtants not to play into the bands of the brothers Wfttwm through these sectarian cries which were got up for the same purpose as the JWama ghost yeBrs ago, the evil effects of which had only just been stilled. His social position was superior to that of Mr. James Watson ( Hear, hear," and laughter.) The cry that he had been a carter of washdirt wonld'nt do in Sydney, but he had been asked to stand for Paddmgton, the district in which Mr. James Watson had a vote, Glebe, Gloucester, Goulburn, and other places. It had been said that he did not enjoj any social position, but was it social position to be the friend of Parkes. (Yes \ They all respected Parkes as a politician, but would anybody lend him a fft vote. He Jrould only lend it him on one condition, namely, that he gave him » biil endorsed by Mr, Jaewi WW.rj. (Laughter and confusion.) P.rminally It" respeci Mr James Watson, hut as vnlonial Treasurer the Press of the colony had auid he »as a failure He proceeded to read an extract from the 6' M. Herald. (Mr Fleming Who a id it? anoilier voice " Shut up tinker, y"" v f, r "' ") He quoted from the S. M. Jierald of Wednesday some onticiBm on the Uolonial TieMsurar'H speech at Yonng. Be oinplained of ihe Ministry going to the country without a financial policy, so that they might have., another lease of office. They, the elect..™, would send htm into Parliament to neutralise any attempt to propose new taxes, to watch the antics of the Government and to prevent the district being rnled by iVatson Bros., .,r so that it should not be represented by one nirfn'-er with two votes He felt sure they woul.l vote dt.raij.ht It waB his intention to introduce a bill to enable the Government to lit out VHisels on the Strathleven plan so that our surplus meat supply might be sent home. His opponents had said that he would Hot net ill f,.r any Sydney coimtitUHncy, but Mr. JumeB Waism. this model Colonial Treasurer, made n most magnificent attempt •«> get in for East Sydney. While the wool, stock, and coal taxes were beina introduced the hon James Watsrin made a bid for Bast Sydney, n here he would not be troubled with any of their grievances, and «ave Svdnuv £760.000 of the public money. Hi«, Mr Hvatnn's friends in Sydney, some of them colleagues of the Colonial Treasurer wished him every success, especially Mr. Wisdom, the future premier. They had heard his opinions so recently at the Mechanic's Institute upon th* leading questions of the day that he did not. (consider it necessary now to speak at length upon them. (Mr. James Slaty of : Give us your views ) Would they like him tn produce the Parliamentary papers to show how the Treasurer voted on the Mining Bill. (Oonftitioh ) He was in favour of a more practical description of public instruction but would not disturb the religious question because to do so would be playing into the hanila of bigots. If he felt afterwards to advocate other views he would place his resignation in their hands, and not be like some other people. He spoke of the benefits of practical education as enumerated in his address. He would not permit of the present auction system for sales of Crown land, and would not try to bring treaties In the way of stopping Chinese immigration in the same way as the A.S N. Co. of which they had two of the biggest shareholders here, did. He protested against the introduction of more taxes and against the Stamp Act which Mr. James Watson protested against two years ago and now introduced. Let them record their votes on Monday next as their conscience directed them. He knew that before that day the greatest lies would be circulated about him, and cautioned them to remember that their votes could not be known ; if they bore that in mind he knew he would be returned to Parliament. He begged them to aot to the best of their judgment and nut to be misled in the contest by any one. He bad an interest in newspapers circulating largely amongst them, and if eleoted would feel a keen interest in ihe welfare of the district, In conclusion, he would go to the poll with every confidence in the result, and he now left the issue in their hands. An eleotor : Did the Government pay anything for sewerage and water in Sydney 1 Mr. Heaton : No, He omitted to say that he held in Ma hand a telegram to the effect that Mr. James Watson meant to give £1000 towards the Temora hospital; but they must remember that that money would came out of the Govern- V. ment pocket. (Cheers and yells.) Somebody asked Mr. Beaton whether he Charged Mr. Watson with emberelement, Mr. Heaton said he made no charges againlt the personal character of Mr. James Watson, Mr. Jitmee Watson whose rising was a signal for howls, cheers, confusion, and cries of " hold him" felt that he was in a painful position. If Mr. Heaton's words were true it was useless for him to expect re-election, but nevertheless he would address them. He had just listened to the saddest exhibition he had ever heard, and trusted, for the success of Young that it would never be repeated. Mr. Heaton had tried to attack him, and his brother with whom he had nothing to do. He did not intend to deal with Mr. Heaton's private character, and as to his pnblio one, he did not. know he had one. He came before them eleven years ago untried, and was then opposed by one of the ablest men of Ihe colony, Mr. Dalley, and since that had been frequently re < lected, sometimes without, visiting them at all. and two years ago he came before them for re-election when he went into office. His position in office was a profitable one, and he lost far more by it than he gained. Speaking of the promises he made, he thought he had fulfilled them. (What about the Chinamen.) He enumerated some of the measures which had hefti curried throuuh Parliament, as spoken of in his speech on Saturday last. With reference to the Chinese, he took a prominent pirt in get,ting them here, for the reason that they had Ihe same riuhts and pr viietes as other British colonists. A survey h»rl bt-ei. IIIHIIH wiili aview to uai.r Mipplx. but if the Government, hroiwh' Ihe wafer inio the lonn the inhabitants would have to incorporate themselves and take charge of the winks. Referring to the education question lie defended himself, saying that he was stillI to favour of children getting a denominational education from their minister, and ahowed how the hill would effect that object. He was in favour of a poll tax on the Chinese and would introduce a new Mining Bill. At Temora there were olaima which it would take from three to five vesrs to work "lit, and many of the miners were of opinion and he was too that they were too large, and he ulso thouuht the present. Act unworkable. Abolition of interest he was not in favour of, and he gave his arguments against it as on last Saturday night. All the delegatea at Ihe an called Conference came from Wagga or the Murray, and were in favour of the aboiltion of interest and the establishment of a national bank, bu. he might tell them thatthis Go vernment would do neither. He would oppose any alteration in the p esent Education Act He cautioned the electors against putting in.candidate, who, like Mr. Heaton, ww in favour of a little Protection. Referring to what Mr. Heaton had stud KB""* 1 h . ™. " Treasurer, he aaid that rag, the Evening had congratulated upon having attained the position, but he might .ell them as a secret that Mr. Heaton wanted to oust him and get the .eat himself. He defended the wooI and coal tax on the .core of the necessities of the Government, and because the former was in the light of bu ad valorem tax. and the latter only a tax on coal exported, When members went into office they very often had to chan?e the.r view£ and it was his going into office which made him * change hi. views on the Stamp Dutie. He waa b t \- in favour of a railway toVo 8, there was a difficulty about the cost of it, and the Government had therefore de°ided to make a tramway, and he hoped it would be here within a few month.. Hi. opponent however was wrong when he said t would cost £7000 a mile for it would only cost £2000 The Government intentions with railways, the loan funds, »^ the h gh pnce« which our Government securities.ma nta.nedin the home money market were.ill un d £ review a. on Saturday, night last. The new Publican's Act would give greater the publicans, but on a d.fferent ystem and Under it there would be a graduated charge for license!, country public houses paygg on y £10 a year 'and house, like 1HggJJJ 0 « £ Sydney £76 i and thei granting of tamw Mtneuul tbo hwfod fto »»gM«w He had no desire to hold office any 1' nger, for it waa a loss to him, and he would not have taken it but that he thought ithis duty to do so. He hoped they would show on Monday that they were in accord with him. Referring to Mr. Beaton's charges with reference to the locomotives he stigmatised them as false and groundless. He held in his hand public documents which Mr. Heaton could see if he liked. (Mr. Heaton: I would like to aee them. Mr. Watson : They will not be to your credit if you do.) He defied Mr, Heaton to prove what he said, (Mr. Heaton : I will prove it, Mr. Watson : You'll prove it. Mr. Heaton : I will.) lie went over the same ground as before with reference to the locomotives, If Mr. Heal on had a spark of manliness or honor. (Mr, Heaton had both, and would prove what he said.) Dare he make the assertion in Sydney. (Mr, Heaton said ha had made it in the Sydney papers.) Did they know anything against him, Mr. Watson? Heaton had not the conrage to make these charges iu Sydney. (Mr. Heaton said he had made them in Sjdnej.) He sought t<> represent them, not through Heaton and Crowe's deficiencies, but they sought to defame him amongst those who knew him. (Cheers, confusion, and a voioe, " Get the Chinese to vote for you.') Referring to the £1000 for the Temora Hospital, he said a deputation had waited on liiin when at Temora, urging the necessity for the hospital, and extra assistance to build it, He promised lo represent the matter to the Government, and he had done so, Mr, Heaton had said that he was a director of the A.S.N. Co. when the Chinese were employed by the company, but in fact he never was a director, and as to being a large shareholder, he only held, he waa sorry lo say, twelve shares, Mr. Heaton had pretended to be independent, but he was sorry to say he, Mr, Watson, was not in that position, He referred again to Mr, Copeland'a Bill for mining on private property. He said Mr, Copeland ought to have brought it in himself | and the Government disputed his right to ask them to do it, and so would not do so. Mr, Heaton came up under the auspice, of the Licensed Victuallers' Society, as be learned by a circular which had just been thown him. He had only one word to .ay about Mr, Crowe, He had charged him with being a party to Mr. Garrett', garotting Bill (Mr. Crowe had only said that Mr. Watson canvassed the House to get support for it), but he, Mr. Watson, produced the division list to show that he voted against it. He then read a letter from a Mr. Maher, of Bnthurst, who had a store at Tomora, asking him, Mr. Watson, to give a donation towards the Roman Catholic Church at Temora, and telling him that it might do him good, or something to that effect. His firm was in the habit of responding to these things as a matter of business, and in the usual routine of business they aent Mr. Maher £10 as a subscription. He repudiated the idea of introducing the religious elemont into the eleution, and read a letter signed " Anti-Ananias," as published in this journal. That letter was not written by a person residing near Wombat, and the writer might as well have given his real name and address. (A person in the crowd told Mr. Watson he was wrong, and that the letter was written by a person residing near Wombat. Excitement and confusion.) He did not teek their suffrages on any sectarian differences, and if they had given him a pledge on that account he would ask them not to vote for him. He had served them faithfully for eleven years, and if they felt that he had done hi. duty let them return him. (Cheers and hootings,) Mr. Freeman asked whether Mr. Watson did not at last eleotion .peak in favour of a fixity of tenure for the squatter. Mr. Wat.nn did not remember, but if he did he was prepared to admit it | he would not deny it. The returning offloer called for a .how of hands, which he deolared to be in favour of Mr, James WatBon and Mr. W, J. Watson. A poll being demanded, it was appointed for Monday next, and the returning officer announced hi. intention of deolaring the state of the poll on Tuesday. Mr. James Watson proposed, and Mr. W. J. Watson seconded, a vote of thanks to the returning officer, which having been duly acknowledged, that gentleman called for three cheers for the Queen, which were given. 