THE HANDSIOME. HOUSE KEEPER. A .. A , ..\ LL. By GEORoGE AUGUSTUS SALA. II. RACHIAEL' PERI,. The skinny old woman, who was clad in a kind of blue cotton sack, with a .res for her extremities to have ay, and with a coarse canvas ib over that, and a cab seemingly inade of compacted cobwebs flying all alhoad on her grizzled elf locks, scanned Aili Mlri.,n narrowly as she admitted Soer SI visth to box your ear, or poke at you vid d,: broom-handle, for not ring de s'-v::its' hell,' she oelservel ; 'but I glad I treat you wid graciously. 'Yonu are a dalm 'ansomle vrollans.' ' Thank you,' replied Rachael gaily, as the witch led the way up a broad stone staircase, to whose grades a few rags and tatters of indescribably dirty carpet clune. '-Dere is no. tank,' mlurmulred her con ductress. ' You are too 'ansome for Mister Zollicoffani. He like dem ogly as I. His families is all dam 'ansofl .' SI wish alt would'nt use such bad limguage,' thought Rachael. ' Perhaps it is a way these foreigners have. They didn't say anything about it in Ollendroff, though.' The old woman halted at the richly carved and panelled door of an apart ment on the first floor, which should have been the drawing-room. As re gards its furniture, however, it was twin brother to the entrance-hall below. There were neither blinds nor curtains to the windows; and there was no carpet on the floor ; but there were rolls of satin damask and brocade,. and .bales of seemingly the richest Turkey, Brussels, and Auhusson stacked in corners. Til name of the packing-caseswas was legion; and there was a whole .Ied-sea of statnestquel ghosts in the background. In the1 utiiat of this chaos sat,'at'alarne ca'-en writing-table, littered 'with sta noe! '. objects in . bronze and gold and silvser-. iniaitures, enamels, books and papers, a little old -gentleman in a chintz dr,'-sing-gown and slippers; with a black velvet skull-cap and. a very large pair of ,blue hbetac"es. 'His handis were very lonz irnd whlita ;,und it was a relicl to t1iel`s l tot find 'ti:t amidst all this dust fintd dirt the liiile old gentleman, though .his. dressing-gown was ragge' and his skull-clp was threadbare, looked clean.-- '. . ' H isn't ;a bit Im?at,' slhe said tr herself, as the old ?woman, nbotioning her to a seat, left thoe r?iom. -"Hee isn't a bit mad,' she repeated, -' only dreadfully clever.' The little .old. gentlemoan took olff li blue spectailes." carefully wiped them and looked long and earnestly at Mist Nerton. ' Milne' eyes is vcak,' "he explained it a trenmulous but ..clear voice, ' througl looking at de -pretty tinge;s, an reading do black-letter book ; but 3 can see you well enough: You are ver Sansom.' ' I've bheeif tld "so "before, sir Rachael retorted with some temper, ' an the last time by your servant, five minute ago.' ' My servant,' went on the old gentleh man very inildly. 'is a cow-cat fool vid f pig-bead ; but she very good and faitlhfi voman, and cook 'very good dinner She av grown rich in my service and n. vant to rob me, or to get place in my vill She hate llmy families, and I hate del too.' Rachael madte a slight inclination of tl head, which might mean anything, as I paused. 'Vy I tell you dat you are 'ansom resumed Mr Zollicoffani, ' only to var you dat if you coan' liv' here to be am 'onsekeeper, you shall be'as 'ansome a Giudita vicli cut of de head to Olofermt and I not marry youn. ' Bless you heart alive, sir I' cried tit Candidate, ' who wants to marry you I'm sure I don't. It's a shame-: burning shame,' she went on, more i wonld seem to herself than to the ol foreigner blfore iher, 'that in this liha cruel world a reputable young womat cannot endeavour to earn an honee livelihood without being exposed to nl the misrepresentation and all tlht suspicions which can possibly Ib suggested to 1he mean and selfish oa deprived mins.l of men. I have youtl strength, and al ,ility ; and I want tt earn my bread. You tell me to go and teach brats in a tchnool, or to emtlroider the flounces of ptticoats. I tell yn that I don't care about teachling brate. and that petticot-emnlroidcry is tditststc ful to me. Whlat an I to tldo? Cin I dig-if I etuhl, you wouhltin't let mie. Can I enlist in the Life-Gutards, or drive a hansdm cab, or commalntd a steamboat ? If I preach sermtons or turn doctor, you laugh at me. And if I seek for t eituation suited to my capacity, and which I knowt tlhat I can fill with efficieney, 3out st iart at olltet, ill 3o"trlI brtutl conceit, at the notion that I wantto tmarry TIhis deliverance conclled. Miss Rachael Merton, her lhands lehind Iher, began to pace up atnd down the room it a very agitatetld manner. I qulite belier that, for the moment, she hand entirely. forgotten where she wai, and to whom she was speakcing. Shie was such t very odd'young wonman thait shie imtngit:td herself perlhaps to be attldresitng Society. Nor was she aware tlhat the eve, of tile little old gentioman vwere follhowing her up and down the roomn not unad airin~gly. A Bit down upon de chlair,' hIe said at last, benevoleiltly. ' I anm an oldi man, and if de vorld not kInow me, I kInow de vorld. You not want to marry nobody becauso somebody go to marry you. Ch 7' Rachael blushed, and hung her head. DereI' cried tlie little old gentleman. Now see de d;fLercOce. Eery vomtan body vanut to merry me, and I vrent to vo ,ce. aid m;i if., vich is dead. .s'he fam'lilies cannot imarry Ine, because de mtan c:nmuot manrry hl'graildfathers ; but they vent tun to make my vills, because de" tini- l'navo do moniei.' I have not got de imonieS-no, mnot von penny save dt. liddle anntitikes ic b':v de poesnwa and de unia:rounes ;uý " goui0 de pretty tinge. Ven I vant diiu mewr pretty tings for change; I sell de old vons-to Knspar K?altoff, and 'get do :money to buy lent vid. You shall "know": Kaspii Kaltoff. He is do ver i'ich Jew, and you shall like himi. I He is''do goob Jew, and not do dam tief Jew. Aid now', my little von, ve vill talk ddtbiii ness. These oddly-assorteud intorloeutorM-did accordingly. proceed to talk business; and at the conclusion of the interview, which was of considerable length, MIlchael was more than ever confirmed in her cutivictioni that Mr Zollicoffani was not by any .means mad. He was simply a very enthusiastic lover of Art in every one of its aspects. andt had spent the better part of a very long life-lhe was now seventy-two years of ago-in the accumulation of rare ann: beautiful articles. He had been originally a jeweller at Florence, had pursued his trade with much success in England, and had realised sutlicient ,money to purchase an annuity of tritdernteamount.,, The house in Blooms bury-square was his own"; and after-the explenses of his modest household were defrayed, lie spent the balance of his income in buying more books, pictures, and statues. When a desired purchase was beyond his means he exchanged an old for a new treasure, .or sold some of his surplusage to Kaspar Kaltoff. All this, and a great deal more,'le candidly told Iachael, adding that he knew his house had fallen into neglect; that the old woman-site was a Florer tine, Ganhetta by na'me-could do nothirg but cook ; that the page-boy was a yourg s ,.mp-he called him a devil-wolf-cul sowv ; that the housemaid was a slut; that lie wanted an educated companion ; anil that Ie could afford to pay her, ol t of his income of eight hundred pounds, a hundred s year. He:referred Racliha to his bankers and to the Italian Consu' ceneral ; and, on his part, he ma'e very careful and minute *inquiries into the respectability of his housekeel or elect. (70 be rosntnuied). ADVICE To AoTrnIan.-Are you broken in youtr rest by a sick child suffering with the pain. of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and, get a bottle of Mrs Winslow"' Soothing Syrup.. It will relieve the poor suf. ferer immediately. It is perfectly hlarmles and pleasant to taste it prodi,.ea natural,q,,ier sleep by relieving tt child froml pain, and the little; cherub awakt as bright as a button.', It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays ill .pain, relieve, wind, reuulites the bow, la, and is the host knunn remedy for dysentery and diarrhca,whe he-arising from toeethingor other causes. ?Irs Winslow's Soothing Syrup us sold by medicine-dealers everywhere at in tit] per bottle. Manufactured at 493 Oxford ,treet,-Loodon.don. TInRnT AFrkcTIONS AND Il?iAREns .sBB.-. I11 suffering Iron, irritationa of the threat n d honrseness will be agreeably surprised at 'lte almost imni.diate relief aflbrdlt by the 'use of " Brown's Brinchial Troches." Tltese rmoaus lozenges are now sold by most 'espectable chemists in this country at Is lid .er box. People troubled with a '" aeking .ouch," a "slight cold," or bronchial afrections, iannot try them too soon, as similar troubles t alnowed to proeress, result in serious l'Pi nonary and Asthmlntie ,tlecteons. See that hie words "Brown's bronchial Troches" are a the Government Stump around ecih tox. - annufacturod by JoilN i. IluowiN & SONs, onton, United States. D)epot, 493 Oxford 'riet. nido a. 