CHAPTEEi XLIV.-Tiin SHADOW or DEATH. And oven as Laura spoke, Anne waa on her way to iler father's house. Only that morning had she heard of Mr. Wreford's grievous illness. Ho had: written to her just beforothe symptoms of the fever first disclosed thomsolves, informing her of littlo Freddy's death, and spealdng sadly of tho elder child. But he emphatically commanded her not to come near tho house, or oven to venturo to Fonchurch-street, till all risk of infection should bo over. She was to remain at Sevenoaks, or to accept Mrs. Markham's invitation to accompany her and Fiera to Eastbourno ; and, as soon as it was safe. Mr. and Mrs. Wreford would join thom . there, tho Paris journey boing now altogether out of quostion. This letter had boen presented to Anno on thc night of her arrival in England ; and Philip, knowing how mattera wero likely to go with the Wrcfords, and dreading lost sho should, on the moment,.rush off to Hyde Park Gardens, hurried his aunt and Flora Emra off to Eastbourne, as Bpoodily as possible. " Anno cannot and must noh yw homo/' ho had said to Mrs. Markham; "it would tie much bettor for heir to be afc tho seaside." Mrs. Markham entirely acquiesced, boing her self, as she observed, very much in want of sajnu chango. And When Philip returned on the following ovening from London, and brought Anno her father's message, desiring hor to remain with thc Butlands, it was at ance clodded that the romoval to Eastbourn should tako place immediately, and ¡ Philip'would also go down and seo them comfort ably installed, leaving Nollie to follow,or to remain at home, ns should seem most expe dient. Anne enjoyed her lover's society for two days, and then he returned to town, his presenoo boing. imporativoly required on several businoas affairs Tho trouble in tho city, and tho nows from tho provinces, did not improve ! Philip had so much to do that it was several days before ho found bus way to Feiiclmrch-sU'eob u nd thoro ha saw Mr. Long, who gave him tho very worst accounts of Mr. Wreford ; and thou, aa may bo supposed, he was troubled in his mind as to what courau of con duct he should jmrsuo aa regarded hts betrothed; she .certainlyought to bo informed of hor father's precarious state, and yet it was dreadful to think of her going fresh from tho Channel breezes into thc tainted fovep-afeaiosphere. Ono whole day he delihoratod, and then ho modo fresh inquiries of Mr. Long. It so happened that tho bulletin from Hyde Park Gardens had that morning been more favourable ; tho sick man was quieter, had slept, and, it was thought, had recognised Mrs. Wro ford. " It's about Miss Wioford I am thinking," said Philip. " She ought not to remain in ignorance of her father's dnngorous illness j but I lack the courage to wiito and tell her of it." " She ought to know, certainly," replied tho old man 5 " and yot I should not Uko her to rush into tho infection, ns I am protty euro sho would. She would bo safe to ca.toh tho fever, coming out of that puro air. And aho'ii not actually wanted; there are two trained mirnee from tho Institution, and MÍBS Gresley is with Mrs. Wreford. Added to which thoro's an empty ntiraory now. Also, Mr. Wreford has demo without seeing hid daughter for throo years, or thereabouts, so ho may rub on a littlo longer, I suppose. Nevertheless, it would be vory awkward if ho died; tho young lady would havo a just right to complain. I think, if I wore 3rou, I would not writo io-day, Mr. Rut» \ land. The accounts this morning aro better, and thero may bo further improvement to-morrow. Once on tho inond, he'll get on fast, for he has ! a flue constitution, undermined bj no youthful I follies ; I should say a moro temperate person never lived. Yos, I should advise you, if I may talco so much liberty, to wait a littlo longer before you disturb Miss Wroford. From what I remem ber of her, I should say that nothing would keop hor from thc sick room if oAoe sho got an inkling of tho truo state of affairs." And so Philip determined to walt yet another twenty-four boura before ho broko tho nows to Anne j but ho ma, notwithstanding, extremely uneasy^ Ho waB not at all certain that the girl would not fool herself ill-treated, and, to soma extent, deceived,, when she should know tho truth. Even if all danger wero past oho might resent tho concealment which had »eon practised. And what if her father ahould suddenly become worse, and die before BIIO had so much aa heard that ho was ill Î Tho nows ho got next day was' not reassuring., and tho next-it was BO bad that nothing remained but to go down to Eastbourne, and convey the Bad intelligence, tolling tho wholo story, without reservó. And thou Anno must d«cido for horsolf ; he had no right to control hor actions, and oven as hor husband, ho would scarcely havo felt justified in detaining her, undor such circum stances. Ho telegraphed, by way of preparation, ero ho started, and whilo the day was yob young ho was walking at full speed froth tho Eastbourne station towards his aunt's lodgings. Tho tele gram had arrived an hour or moro boforo him, ' and ho found Anne quite ready to ta.ko tho next train to town. She had at onoO divined what Philip's uuexpeefcod journey portended. When she had hoard tho truth, she said, simply, " I havo expected this, and I havo held myself in readiness ; but, oh 1 Phillp dear ! nover keep anything from mo again, I know yon did it out of love, but don't lot it bo again. If wo aro to bo happy together through lifo - wo must havo no sccrots of any kind from each other. Thero is a train at half-post 2 j will that bo too soon for you?" " By no means. You do not hesitate, then ? You moan to go to Hyde Park Gardens?" " What else oan I do ? I am not afraid, and ï must go where duty calls me ; I must do what my mother would have done." It was a mournful journey,« lb reoallod those other hours of travel when she was hastening from Paris to her mother's doath-bed. And Philip was with hor tuon j he seemed to have been with her as a comfort and a protection in every criais of hor existence. And, thinking -oi this, she put her hand in his, and whispered, " It is so good that I have always hod you to caro for me, Philip- I could not do without you now." And then 110 knew that his offences in the way of conceamiont were eutiroly condoned. When they reachod Viotoria-stroet/Anno said, "NowwomuBt part; tho cab will toko mo safoly home, andi would rather go alone." " I shall .go with you," he replied. " No, you will not, Philip, You havo no right to trifle with your lifo ; my danger, if thoro be any, cannot bo diminishocf by your sharing it. Yon cannot help me, you would only increase my anxiety, and perhaps add to my affliction. Please don't vex mo by opposition." " Promise mo ono thing ! If you are ill your self, lot me know at once. " I promise. You would havo tho aamo right then to como to me that I have now to go to my father. I have hod tho fovor onoo, though slightly, and I do not think I shall tako it again, That, however, is in God's hands, and I am con tent to loavo it thore. Bo yon content, too, dear ; our sbrength just at present iain quietness and in confidence- Good-bye." It was quite dark when Anne drove up to thc house. Almost breathlessly she looked at thc windowta, and to her great volief disoomod .nc signs of death anywhere. Tboro worn lights or all tho floors, and a servant who was n stränget to her was taking in something from a trades man's cart. Tho man who opened tho door wa? also a stranger to her, and ho stared as she quietly crossed the throshold, and told him to bring ii: the luggage front the cab. " There's trouble in the house," said he ; " thc mistress sees no comp-.ttiy." " I am Miss Wroford," wan Anne's roply " Tell your mistress I am como homo." Ho went away to do her bidding. In three minutes Laura Gresley came to her; Maud wat with her husband. " I am glad you aro come,' was Mies Gresloy's salutation; "I said only this morning that you ought to know. And Mauc thought KO, too. But iloyou tlfink it wtis prudeni to como herc ? " " I think it was right ! In fact, I could dc nothing elso How is he ? " " Much the same ; now worse, now better Sometimos wildly delirious, and again tolerably quiet, in a sort of stupor. Oh, Anno, it has been a dreadful time, and we haven't seen tho end of it yet. Both those clear little boya dead and Duriod, and your papa aa ill aa he con be ! Such a heap of trouble ! " And Laura thought wofully of tho trouble that might not bo disclosed-that which hod turned Maud's pride and arroganco into meek humility, and transformed herself from a frivolous, empty-hoaded girl into a thoughtful, efficient, sympathetic woman. An hour elapsed before Maud came down to her. Ono glance at the pallid, sunken chocks and sharpened features was enough. She flung herself into her step mother's arms, crying, " Oh, mamma, mamma 1 how much you must havo Buffered I" And both were clasped in a long embroco that neithor would have endured duo little month ago. " Anno, can yon îorgivo me-P " -saul Maud ot length. t i *' Don't speak of saoli fr thing, marama ! I j don't say you wore good to me, for I am sure you i wero not j but I am quito as supo that I was pro- j judiccd and over so disagreeable. Let the dead Pasb bury its dead, and lot yon. and mo begin ¡ again. No I don't say another word ; you will bo : a kind mamma to mo,"-for the very lifo of her,. Anne could riot say mother !-" and I will try to bo a dutiful daughter to you. Is it a bargain ? " " You are very gonorous, Anio, Yes j I will try. I do not think I shall over bo aa I used to be. My heart is broken." " Ah ! thoso darling littlo brothers ; and I never saw them. No wonder you aro almost sink ing under such a blow ! But dear father will be spared to us, please God ! " " I don't know-I don't know ! Ob>. Anne, if you knew all ! " Anno naturally imagined that she referred to her own shortcomings as a wife that tho sting of past airra against her husband rankled cruelly now that separation seemed Impending. She littlo guessed that Maud dared not pray for the lifo of him whom abo still accounted her hus band. After that evening tho shadows dooponod moro and more, and the strife bofcweesa Ufo and death grew hourly more terribles A weaker or lesa healthy man would havo succumbed long ago, the doctora said ; it was nmrvolloüB how tho pationt held out day after day, how tho sound constitution and tho vigorous organisation defied tho inroads of disease But still Robert Wreford lived, and his daughter hoped and prayed and watched, while Mu-ud would havo given worlds to bo ablo to hope and pray likewise. Tho watch ing and tho tending, tho slow axguish, and the dull despair, wore horn, and nothing moro. No ! nothing moro 1 She shuddorod and groaned within herself at tho thought of what must come oro long. Vaguely, she wondered why her enemy left her all this whilo in poaco, sinco ho certainly must know where to lay his hands apon her ab any moment ; there could b« no reasonable doubt that Miso Knell was his emissary. Was it possi ble that aftoy all ho had a human heart, and hesitated to strike, whilo death and tho ehadow of death encompassed her household P At length was sounded tho tocsin of alarm. Ono evening, as sho eat by Eobort's bed, a little pink-odgod, aoonted noto was brought to her, and abo at once divined that thia was a inissivo from Miss Knoll. It waa many a year sinoo sho had looked upon thoso aorawling, spidery characters, but it was a caligraphy that, once soen, waa not easily for gotten. Tho envelope was addresaed to Mrs. Wreford. Tho oontenta ran thus i " DBAB MES. MAJCÍORY,-For that, you fcnoto, is your real and only legal name ! I have some thing of importance to communicate to you, and must, thöroforo, request an early and private in terview. Your natural quiokness and ready com prehension will tell you, I am sure, what is the nature of tho proposed communication. But lest you should demur, I will just say that I bring you nowa of ono near and dear to you, long sup posed to be deceased. Moot mo to- morrow morn ing at the Bayawator end of the Broad Walk, not later than ll o'clock. I will nob fail you. Yours truly, "JANE KNELL." I Anno was in tho room when thia letter was put into her step-mother's hands, and, looking up, she saw a sudden change come ovor hor. There was a sort of frozen horror ia hor focó whon she dropped tho note, as though it woro something loathsomo and venomous, and for nearly ten minutes sho sat liko ono stunned or paralysed. Then, with a shuddering sigh, sho rose and leib the chamber, groping her way, aa it would sooni, to tho door. Anno did nob like to follow her, though sho perceived clearly enough that some bewildering trouble bad come to hoi*. Her idea, was, that it was a sudden demand for money that was owed, for sho had some faint knowledgo of Mrs. Wreford'a boundleçs extravagance, and Philip had lately told her that ho was sure she would plunge her husband into difficulties, if he did not speedily pub some curb upon her too lavish expenditure. But tho tryst must bo kopi. Maud know that it could not bo evaded. The morning, when îb came, was heavy awl dark, and a th felt, drizzling" raiu waa falling. What o&ijuso; could she- possibly make for leaving Tho hontjo under- such circum stances? Sho, who nover adventured her feofn upon muddy pnvomcnis Í 8ho, who rather prided : horself upon never taking hep walka abroad in unpropitious weather. Sho would have given much for tho shelter of Laura's companionship,, but Bhe feared to diapleoso hov contemptible per-, secutor by acting contrary to her demand ; though, of courao, Misa Knell's noto was shown to Miss Grosloy, and tho two ladies took counsel together concerning its contants. " Just put on my waterproof and stop out," said Laura ; " when suoh issues are at stake, it does not do to question wliat other pooplo will think. Besides, you aro your own mistress, and the lady of tho house." " Would that I woco my own mistress ! " sighed Maud, wearily; but she accepted the loau of tho waterproof, put on her darkest and shabbiest bonnet, with a thick veil, and "stepped out," aa Laura had advised. Miss Knoll was at hor poat, sitting under har gingham umbrella, with pools of water at her feet, and tho sore autumn leaves drifting around her at every broezo. She gave a little start aa Maud -í ,1 I -I_. _ - - » ~ app roached, exclaiming, " Well, I novör ! I actu ally didn't know you, MTB. Mallory ! I took you for some humble individual, who could not afford a cab. Another proof that ' fine feathers make fine birdB,' isn't it P " Maud maclo no reply, but, sitting down on the damp soat as far as possible from her enemy, said, quiotly, " Will you bo so good as to Outer at once upon tho businoss to which you reforred in your noto P I have very little timo at my dis posal." " I must say you aro the very coolest person I evor encountered ! " wa« the reply. " Yes ; it is my nature to take things Coolly. Proceed, if you please." " Havo you no questions to put ? " " Nono whatever." * Don't you want to know how I learned that S3UT husband was still in the land of tho ving F " "I do not." " Woll I IE thors ever was an tfhinquisifcivo woman, you are ono." " Bxaotly. But, if you have nothing elsa to soy j I must beg you to excuse mc Mr. Wreford requires my constant attendance." " What will Mx. Wreford say when he hoare of tho olainiG of Mr. Stephen Mallory ? " asked Mis« Knell, with a most diabolical sfloer, whioh sug gested to her victim memories ofthat diamalpa«t, when thoy two were dwellers together undecthe roof of the virtuous Misses Cottle. .' Mr. Wreford is dying," said Maud, calmly ; "he will never be troubled by Stepbon Mallory j lie will nover hear of his existence. God is better to mo than I doservo j He hos fttkon my children, . now Ho is taking my husband, and placing bim beyond the reach of harm." " Your tetoband, Mrs. Mallory ? H " Yes, my husband ! My husband ia. God's sight. I married Robert Wreford in all good faith; lie has been very good to me; ho is tho father -of my doad children. Soon ho will be whore- there is neither marrying nor giving in marriage. I love him; but I! thank Goo for tak ing him from tho evil to ooma. You. cannot hurt Mm, Miss Knell ; he is safe from you, and from tho wretahod man who has brlbad you to insult ' mo." " You uso very strong language, Mrs» Mallory, But ns you are not dying, liow about yourself? Do you expect that your true husband will forego bia claâms ? " " I expect notlung. When I have closed Robert Wroford's eyes, Stephen Mallory may work his wicked will. What ho may do, or not do, is of no consequence to mo." _ . . " Tho world will talk, however." "Let it talk. Tho- world and I have parted company. But liston. Jane Knoll Î I have been a sinful, godless woman, and I havo provoked God's just wrath and indignation. Nevertheless, I have humbled mysolf before Him, I havo spoken to Him as a long-rcbeUious child Speaks to his justly offended father, and entreats his pardon, and the remission of his punishmont. I have said to God, ' Dolivor mo out of tho hand oE Stephen Mallory, and from all my cruel enemies.' And Ho will dcUvor mo. I am not afraid of what man, or woman, oan de unto me." For a moment Miss Knell was cowed and baf fled. Than she resumed : " All that is very well, Mrs. Mallory; you always wero famous for heroics, I remember. But fine words butter no parsnips, you know I and I must deliver my message. I am hero to propose terms." " Propose them." "lt is quite indelioato to be So abrupt. You «peak as if I were tho delinquent, and you the arbitrator of my fate. Woll, not to beat about tho bush, your husband offers to release you now, and for over j you shall never see his face again; ot hoar his name ; ho will neither directly nor indirectly interfere with, you, never ^disclose to any mortal being his rightful claims upon you-" " On what conditions P ** "Simply these i Yon pay into his hands, not mine--ior I know you distrust me t-five hundred pounds within twenty-four hours, and five thou-, sand more before tho last day of this proeent month of October; Do this, and Mr. Mallory is from henceforth dead to you, as though earth oovered him j dead, as you not unrest sonably sup posed him to bo when you married Jacob Russell and Robert Wreford. He rocoives, first and last, five thousand five hundred pounds in Bank of England notes, and disappears entirely &nd; for ever ! " " You might as well ask mo for five millions of nionoy. I can no more obtain five thousand pounds-no, nor five hundred-without Mr. Wro ford's knowledge, than you can, And if I could, I would not. Do you think I am such a fool'as to trust Stephen Mallory? 'Do I not know him of old, and clo 1 not. know you ? Would you keep fniih> either of you P Just as long ns it skited yante own pu ryot; ea would you' ho true -tp your promises." *' But he would awoar-I would swear.' ? . r> "Oaths are empty words to Stephen Mallory, and such as he. He would swear away my life ay, and yours too, if hb brought him any profit, or delivered him from any risk. Tell your employer I rejeot his proposals; ho may do hi8 worst. Robert Wreford is beyond his reach ; ho may wreak his vengeance on ma-if he can. But, to uso a favourite expression of his own, I think , Scotland Yard will stop that little game-to a groat extont, at least. Now, good morning." And beforo Miss KneU could lind words to ox press her astonishment Maud was some yards on her way to the entrance of tho Gardens. " Well ! she boats all ! " was the spinster's, commont. " I novor did ! No, I nover did ! But it will go vory hard with 140 if I don't make her lick tho dust before I've done with her. Yes, my proud madam, I'll move Heaven and earth to briug you on your marrow-bones ; I'll pay you ont for your insolence, past and present, or my name's nob Jane Knell. I wonder, though, what HIIO meant by 'Scotland Yard'? was it anything moro than an empty threat ? I wish I knew. I should not bo surprised atTunything that hap pened to Stephen Mallory." So saying, eho trudged off through the rain, now falling heavily, and through the mud ankle deep, to the appointed rendezvous with her dis reputable principal." Maud went slowly home, careless of rain or mud, or chilling mist ; caroless that some one whom she knew met her face to face, and stared as if he had seen a ghost ; caro less of everything and everybody in tho world, so careless that she never trembled when sho just escaped being run down by a heavily-freighted omnibus. When night came Eobert still lived, but that wa» all. And Messrs. Sims and Sykes were in I that day's GAZETTE ; they had failed for an un precedented amount, and tho assets wore reported to be " not worth mentioning." [TO BE CONTINUED]. On Saturday, January 31 (a correspondent writes) the main road from Sydney to Wollongong was ob strnoted for an hour by men fighting, and it was almost impossible to walk through tho streets. On Sunday, February 1, ho saw a woman Bold in a ? public room for 20a and four drinkB. Tho Bulli pooplo stato that tho Government refuse to give them moro polico until tho lookup is completed, which has beon in course of erection for two years. They complain vory much about it, and thero oan bo no doubt thoy havo good causo. ' Last week (says tho Molbonrno AGE) Mrs. Skillian, the sister of tho notorious Nod Kolly, one of tho Mansfield murderers, paid a visit to her husband at the Pontridgo stookado, and another prisoner named Williamson, who, it will bo remembered, received Bovoral years' imprison mont for assisting Kelly av hia mother's placo whon constable Fitzgorald, waa endeavouring to mako an arrest. Sho waa allowed to speak to her husband in tho usual manaor through tho iron bars, and with a warder proaont. It ia suppoaod tho objoot of her V¡8Ít was to obtain all particulars concerning hor mother's imprisonment in Beeohworth Gaol, for tho purpose of petitioning the Government for hor roleoBO. A remarkable ouro of doafnoss-latoly offootod by tho oolobratod auriat, Professor Stanioh, of Sydnoy has boon appropriately rocogniHod. Mr. ' R.. P. Brooke, a wealthy rosidont o£ Tasmania, had boon Buffering for many years from almost total deafness, and consulted tho moat akdlod aurista in many European countries, but without obtaining relief. Latoly Mr. Brooko placed himself undor Professor Stanioh's troatmont, and in tho short space of 18 days, ho restored Mr. Brooko's organs of hearing to a porfootly healthy condition. In recognition of tho Professor'B services, Mr. Brooko prnsontod that gontloman with an elegant gold medallion, bearing a suitable inscription. 