MR. BLATTER Y*S CANDIDATURE, The scum and oflol -of religious l%nfa-y have found a rosting-place in the mind of Isaac Stevenson ; and with the assistancA of. uld. '? Fireworks,' bis true-blu-» wan. w » rigmarole of lying twaddle, lie has endeavoured to wuse a sectarian bowl against Mr. Slattery, who has condescen ded to tdlieis the following letter to Stevenson : — Sir, — I am sure, M a simple act of justice, you will permit me through your columns to take exception to the leader in. your issue of the 23rd instant. I would not ask you to do bo if you bad not therein (barged me with being the representative of some ** mysterious authority'-— (that yon yourself, indeed, created) — or 'the nominee of some body behind the scenes,' you of course, being I presume in s, position to come before the footlights uf public opinion, with the curtain raised, having your proofs in your hands to expose me 1 By implication you also try to make me, far bass electioneer ing purposes, ' the tool of au organiza tion, and the catspaw of some clique.' But for these electioneering ghosts which you have raised either for the. amusement, enlightenment, edification or alarm of your readers, (and which, by the tray, are only used elsewhere by political backs), I would not trouble you. You have, I believe, treated me not un generously up to your last issue, and as I am not ungrateful, whilst recognizing as I candidly do, your fairness to me previously, I cannot allow you to place me, by your spiritualistic imagination, in a false position before honest people whose suffrages I seek. If you will allow me, therefore, I will publicly join issue with you on every point raised by you in the leader in question. Until it appeared you had treated my candidature indeed as ' complimentary to the constituency ;' now, however, by some new process of journalistic reasoning you declare it to be ' cheek. ' I am sure neither Whutely nor the Port Royalists could prove both your propositions to be logical. If one is right, certainly the other is wrong, and I am justified, consequently, in thinking that your first impulse (that of nature) is- and was the correct one. This must be so, unless, indeed, a change has been made in your editorial chair. In that case, of course, if it had come to my knowledge in time I might, like a trne Persian, have knelt down and remained silent whilst whorshipping the new rising editorial sun of Burrowa I Your statements are, (1.) That ' the Prothonotaryship is quite a subordinate office, a. respectable billet doubtless ;' (2.) That ' my letters with the Government recently, though cleverly constructed, were written in complete ignorance of constitutional spirit !' (3.) T/iat ' I came to Burrowa in search of a place with a character, not from tho employer I left, but front the or. anization that know little and core less about the local re quirements of tho Burrowa district !' Permit me, Mr. Editor, to answer you, and to publicly state that I Uave unreservedly in the hands of my opponent, Mr. W. D. Campbell, Mr. William Bayley Pett, Mr. Houry Brown, of Bendenine, or Mr. Hamilton Hume, of Everton, my answers thereto, and if any two of them, Mr. Campbell being one, will declare that you have a tittle of evidence to support your allegations I will retire, and leave Burrowa free from the ' cheek' of an unworthy aspirant for its representation 1 Surely this is a fair and manly offer. My answers are, (1.) The office of Prothonotary is not a ' subordinate billet,' but a patent office provided for, by, and in the Charter of Jus ice. That officer, under the Chcrter, eras to be ap pointed under the Royal Signet and Sign Manual, the highest form of appointment known in law. The office was held by the late Mr. Gregory (an eminent London solicitor), who was ap pointed in England ; by the late Dr. Raymond, Barrister-at-law ; by the late Mr. David Bruce Hutchinson, as clever a lawyer as any of them ; and by one of tho candidates for the representation of Burrowa. The office of Curator of Ictes tate Estates, (which I also held in con junction with the Prothonotaryship), was formerly filled by the late Sir. Manning, the father of that excellent gentleman and Judge, Sir William Manning ; by the late Dr. Raymond ; by the bite Mr. Justice Milford, and by the late Mr. HutchiiiBon. Like tho Pruthonotaryship, it is, and always has been, a commissioned office. (2.) Whatever constitutional ' spirit' may mean, I know not, but Messrs. M. H. Stephen, Q.C., the hon. Mr. Barley, Q,C, Mr. PUcher, and Mr. \SVW;il JIOU a Jl/LUlr M'UOUJftKllf.Ull Vlt Wit? papers printed by order of the Legislative Assembly, which lasted seven hours, and these eminent lawyers and learned gentle men decided that my letters were sound English and constitutional law, also, that I was right from the beginning to the end, and that the .Government were utterly wrong. (3.) After my removal, indeed until the 17th of September last, I held the high office of Registrar of the Vice Admiralty Court, of which Court Lord Augustus Loftus is the Vice- Admits}, and Sir James Martin is the Judge Com missary. I resigned on that day. But, besides that, Sir James 31.-U tin, C.J. ; Sir Alfred Stephen, the Lieutenant Governor ; and Mr. Justice Faucett publicly recommended me fur the ap pointment of City Solicitor, which became vacant a few weeks oinoe by the death uf Mr. Driver, M.P. Surely I do not want a ' character' higher than these eminent men gave me. Regarding the innuendo of being a nominee of some organization, I can only challenge you to prove your assertion or to publicly withdraw your statement, so hastily, aye, so inconsiderately and un fairiy nude. I do not belong to any organisation or society in tl.e world. No society,, organization, or bxlyof people, has any power over me. Like my opponent, I have no private ends to serve and am not the nominee of any Govern ment (or opposition), individual or organization. 1 am the nominee of the elec tors only, and am as cosmopolitan as any man in this country. If I am returned for Bunvwa, aa I am sure I shall be, hav ing been first in the field, I can take my seat and challenge you and every other person, who thinks with yon. to dare to charge me with being other than an inde pendent member, the chosen repre sentative of in classes in the electorate. I therefore again call upon you publicly either to prove me to be wrong or to ad mit me to be right. But I fear I leave you between Scylla and Charybdis in writing thus. Yours obediently, T. M. SLATTERY Sydney. 27th. October 18S0. {Mr. Slfl.tterr does nut seem to be aware that Stevenson and his old ' pall ' j have vilified him continuously from the [ first ? Et-. B. Jf.] I 