[?] ILLUSIYB VISI0N8. Modern soienco has mado ns aware that tho old bolief in apparitions rested on nothing more than ilUmve fancies caused by some kind of pbysioal derangement of tho person eo a/footed. It is important that young persons should bo made thoroughly aware of tho faot that there never was aud nover will bo auy snob fauoy whioh iB not oapablo of being explainod upon natural grounds. A person in weak hoalfh, though iu porfeot possossion of all ins faculties, begins to be troubled by waking visions of poreons with whom ho may bo familiar, or who may havo been long dead, or who sometimes may appear as perfect straugers to him. Tho spectres who flit before him, 41 cooae liko Bhadows' and ' so depart.' They represent, in tho moat perfect manner, the reproductions of thtaRB that aro or were—utterly iutnngibio oreatkmo. The subject of theso vleltations may hear the apectrea converse, and thoy may oven talk in turn to hiiu. Ha is perfectly aware of their visionary nature, and is as convinced of their unreality as is the friend who sees them not, nnd to whom the phantomi aro dcacribed. No fu»piclons of insane delusion as to theso visitations enn bo entertaiuod for a moment, and tho quest'on may therefore naturally be put to the man I of science, 'How cau these illusions bo accounted for?' The answer is to be found in ore of the simplest studies in the physi ology of nerves and of mind, and' shows us thafc these illusions have a material bnsis, or that, in the words of tho poet, the 'shadow proves the substance true.' To thoroughly elucidate the subject of illusions within a brief space, we may begin by selecting one or two illustrations of illusive vision, suoh as luvo been recorded for instruction and edification in the pages of the Physiologist. One of the best kuown cflgttsr— deriving its interest from the faot that the uu'jtct of the visitations in question himself narrates the fACta — is that ol N^colal, a well-knotvn citizen and bookeeller oi Berlin, who read a*1 account of his case before » ho Berlin Academy of Sciences. W« »hall give tbe account in bis own words. 41 Dhr-n^ the few hitter months of the yoar 1J90.' saya Nicolai, 'I uad experienced Bevt-r«l melun-- choly incidents, which deeply ail'Cted me, particularly iu September, from which tim* I t-ufftired an almost uuintorrupted series of midfortuuos, that tifftiCtod mo with the moat poignant grief. I wub accustomod to bo bled twice a year, and this had been dono once on the 9 h of July, but was omitted to be repeattd at thb end of tbe year 1790. . . I had, in January and February ol iho year 1791, tho additional misfortune to experience several extremely unplaafunt circumstances, whioh wero followed on the 21lh of February by a moat violent altercation. lily wife.uud another person came into my apartment iu the morning in order to console me ; but I was too muoh agitated by a aeries of incidents whioh had most powerfully affected my moral feoling, to be capablo of attending to them. On a sudden, I perceived, at about the distanoo of ten steps, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wife if she did not' seo it. It was but natural that Bho should not seo anything; my question therefore alarmed her very much, aud she sent immediately for a physi cian. The pbantaem continued for some minuteB. I grew at length more calm, and being extremely exhausted, fell into a rest lees sleep, whioh lasted about half-an.hour. The pbysioian ascribed the vision to violent menial omotiou, and hoped thero would bo so return ; but tbe violent agitation of my mind had in Bome way disorderod my nerves, and produced further conecquonceB, whioh deserve a more minuto description. 'At four iu the afternoon, the form whioh I had seen in the morning reappeared. I was by mysslf when this happened, and being rathor uneasy at tho incident, went to | my wuau apnnmeuir, ouv tuuiu uauwiBe j. 1 was persecuted by the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always pre sented itself in a standing posturo. About six o'clook there appeared also several walking figures, whioh had no connection with tho first. After the first day, the form of the deceased person no moro appeared; but its plaoe waa- supplied with many other phantasms, sometimes representing acquaintances but moBtly strangers : those whom I knew, were com posed of living and deceased persons, but the number of the latter was comparatively small. . . Whenlsbutmyeyes these forma would sometimes vanish entirely, thoagh there wero instances when I behold them with my eyes oloaed ; yot, whon they disappeared oo suoh occasions, they generally returned when I opened my eyes. . . They all ap peared to me. in their natural size, and as distinct as if alive, exhibiting different BhadeB, of oarnation in tho uncovered paris, as well aB different oolours and fashious in thoir dresses, though the colours seomed some what paler than in real naturo ; none of the figures appeared particularly terrible, oomi cal, or disgusting* most of them btiog ef an indifferent shape, and somo presenting a pleasing aspect. The longer these persons continued to visit me, tho more frequently did thoy return, while at the same time they increased in number about four weeks after they had firat appeared. I also began to hear them talk ; sometimes among them selves, but more frequently they addressed their discourse to mo ; their speeches being unoominonly short and never of an unpleas ant turn. At different times there appeared to me both dear and sensible frionds of both seses, whose addresses tended to appetse my grief, whioh had not yet wholly subsided ; their consolatory spoeohes were in general addressed tome when I was alone; Some times, however, I was aocoBted by these con soling friends whilo I was engaged in cdmpany, and not unfrequently while real persons were Bpeaking to me. The consola tory addresses consisted sometimes of abrupt phraseB, and at other times they were regularly exeouted,' Suoh wa-j Nicolai's aooount of the phan tom-visitora who addressed andoonsoled him in his domestic aflliotion. It is interesting to pursue still further his aooount of their disappearance. The reader will rooolleot that Nicolai had negleoted to repeat at the end of 1790 the blood- lottiDgin whioh it waB oastomary in the d»ys we speak of for our .forefathers to indulge. It was at last deoided that leeches Bhould be UBed, and on 20ih April, 1791, at eleven o'oluck in. the morn ing, Nioolai informs us the operation was performed. 'No person,' he continues, ' was with mo beBidea the surgeon ; but dur* ing the operation my obamber was crowded with human visions of all descriptions, This continued uninterruptedly till about huifan hour after four o'clock, juBt when my digest , tion oommenood. I then peroeived that they began to move more Blowly. Soon after, their oolour began to fade, and at Beven o'clook they were entirely white. But they moved vory little, though the forms were as distinct as before; growing, however, by degrees more obBoure, yet not fewer in num ber, as had generally been the case. . . They now seemed to dissolve io the air, while fragments of some ol them oontfnued visible for a considerable time. About eight o'clook the room was entirely oleared of my fantastic visitors. ' Since that time,' adds Nioolai, ' I have felttwloe or three tiraeB a sensation as if thoy were going to reappear, without, however, ectaolly seeing anything. The same sensation BurpriBed me just before I drew up this aooount, while I waB examin. ing some papers relative to theee phenomena, whioh I had drawn gp in the year 1791.' Suoh is a historioal account of what may appear to the senses of a sane and reasonable individual. Before entoring on their aoien tifio explanation it will bo advisable to give oho or two further examples of tho pheno mena in question. ? Oa the oooaBion of the fire .whioh destroyed part of ,tho Crystal Palaoe, in the winter (of 18GG-7, paitof tie menagerie had been uaoriliotJd to the flames* Tho chiuipanzoo, howevor, was boliovod to have oBoaped from his ongo, and wns presently seen on tho roof oudeavonriug to save himself by clutching iu wild despair ono of tho iron boains whioh tho firo had spared. Tho struggles of tho animal woro watobed with, an intoneo curiosity miugl°^ with horror aud.:Bympathy for the supposed fato which awaited tho unfortunato moukoy. What was tho surprieo of tho spectators of an imminent tragedy to find that tho objoot whioh, in tho guiso of a terrified apo, had excited thoir foavp, resolved itself iuto a piooo of canvas blind, bo tattered, that to tho oyo of tho imagination and whon mov^d by tho wind, it presentod tho oxaot counterpart of a Btruggling animal ! Such nu examplo is of ospecUl internet, brcause it provea to ns that nob ono peraou hIouo, but a largo number of spectators may bo deceived by an objoot Imperfectly oeen — and aided in the illusion by a vivid imagina tion—into fancying all the details of a apectncle.of whioh tho chief actor is entirely a myth. A lingular enso has beon givon on strict medical authority of a lady, who, walkiog from Penrhyn to Falmouth — hor mind being occupied with tho subject of drinking fonutaiuB — whs certain ahn Baw in tho road a n«wly»erected fountain, bearlog the Inscrip tion, ' If any man thirat, let him como unto mo aud drink.' As a matter of courso she mentioned her iutoreab iu aeeing such an erection to the daughters of tho ge'ntloman who wasBupposed to have placed the fountain in ite position. They assured her that no such fountain wa*i in existeuce ; but, con vinced {{of tho reality of her senses on tho j grouud that ' teeing la believiug,' sho I repaired to tbe spot whore sho had aeon the I fountain, only to fiud, however, a few j acutW-red atone* iu place of tho expected , erection. I Wo may now turn to conalder theBoiontific | explanation of such curioua phenomena io bum*n existence. The c^uees of th«Re illusions are not difilcult to understand, since they in reality depend upon aeluht derange ment of the powers whereby we seo and hear 1 in an ordinary aud normal method. To ranke our meaning clear, let ua briefly consider I what takes placo in ordinary aeniadon, wheu ! we nee or hetir tho objects and sounds of I every. day (-xiatonce. Tno eye alighting on an oi ject transfers ad impression of that object , to the brain through tho apeciul (optic) norvo : of sight, which lotds from the eyo to tbo p;irt of the braiu oxerc-ising the acnae of sight. We in reality do not see with tho eye. Taat organ id merely an arrangement of 1 enaea adapted to receive, focus, and otherwise adjust rays of li-ht streaming .from tho objects we see. Tao function of the eye is simply that of adjusting and correlating the conditions necesa.iry for the production of on impreeaion. Thio impression in carried in due coui bo to a special p»irb of the bnin, where it becomes transformed into a special aonaation— that of ai^ht. We thus truly ape, no', with th« eyo, hut with the brain, or rather with that portion of the brain which lies in direct relation with tho nerves of sight. Tno eye represents the leuaea of tho photoj^rapher's Crtmera; but the brain corre sponds to tho sensitivo plate which roceivos tho imngo of the Bitter, and on whioh all eubat quant, alterations of tho imago aro eli'ected. Of tho other senses, the samo promiuent featuro may also bo expressed — namely, that in tho brain and not in tho cuore organ of Bense must be allocated tho truR seat of knowledge. Tne ear modifies waves of souud ; but it is the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon tho information conveyed by the organ of hear ing. Tho finger touches an object ; but tho «eat of knowledge doea not exist at the extremity of the hand. Tiso impression of ' touch is duly conveyed to the brain qs bofore, thero to bo analysed, commentod upon, and, if necessary, acted upon as well. On the appreciation of the simple fact that the brain i6 the truo seat of the senses rests tho whole explanation of tho ghosts and apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps aud meet the oyes of humanity. Whon wo are coaBcious of looking at a real object, a sensation of sight ia formed in the brain, as we ha va sepn. Such a sensation we called an 'objective' ono, becauso it is deiived from a veritable object. So also, when wo hear a tune played by a poreou whom wo see, or of whoBo oxistonce, even when unseen, we ontertain no doubt, tho sensation of sound is then called ^subjec tive.' But there aro many familiar | instances in which the power of tho mind i to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we havo received is demonstrated. The day-dreamer can sometimes bring the scenes in which ho has onoe taken part eo vividly before his mental gaze, that hia reverie may actually bo broken by tho words which unconsciously flow from his lips as hiB imagination starts into bodily action. Such a power of fancy and imagiuation is the boginning or faint imitation of a still more powerful means which we possess of bringing befojo our selves the forms and scenes which have once beon objectively present with ua. In tbo dream this ppwer is illustrated typically enough. Prom the background ot' consciousness, so to speak, we project forwards, in our sleep, tho pictures which a busy brain is reproducing, or it may be piecing together from the odds and ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous com binations we aro familiar with in tho ° land of Nod.' And if wo carry the idoa of this same power being exercised iu our waking moments, to form the ghosts of science, tho explanation of tho otherwise curious and mysteiious subject of illusive visions will bo complete. We know then that the brain .has the ordinary power of forming images whioh'may be projeoted outwards in the form of the fancies of every-day lifo. But theBo projeoted fancies may grow into plain aud apparent BenaationB or images under the requisite con ditions. When we hear 'a ringing in tho ears,' wo know perfeotly well that no objective sound exists, and aoioutifically wo say that tho aenBation of hearing' in suoh a oasa is an internal or subjeotivo one. When we see flashes of light whioh have no existence in the outside world on which we happen to be gazing, we explaiii their occurrence in tho samo way. Now, on saoh a b*ais, the ghoate of soienoo are both raised and laid. Tho images and phantoms of Nicolai, like tho sparks or fiaBhe8 of light, are Bubjsotive Ben S*tions. Thoy arise, in other words, from some irritation of that part of the briain whioh would have reoeived the impressions of sight had the objeots in question had an aotaal existence. But the subjeot also involves a refereuce to bodily condition and to memory itBelf. Primarily, it will be found that illuaive visions appear only when tho 'health of tho subjeot of these visitations is in a woakly Btate. Tho dorangement of the health is the primary oaUBe of these onriotis states. It is, however, equally worthy of remark that many4-f tho phantasms of Nioolai were peraons whom he know. Suoh .visions then may be supposed to simply represent the effeots of very recent imageB whioh had been reoeived and stored in tho brain, and which were evolved by the oxeroiso of unoonsoious memory. Of tho deoeaBod persons whose images appeared to him, tho Bame remark may be made — memory again reproducing, by tho subjective impressions , of the brain, tho forms of dead frionds. But what, it may bo askod, of the strange visions whom Nicolai did not rccogniso? Tho reply which science offers .is thut thoso also were images or conceptions of persons whom Nicolai must havo seen at somo time, ,but whom ho could| not remember : mysterious reproductions, by the brain, of events which have beon impressed thoreon, but which had escaped remembrance by ordinary memory. Even thocharactors whom Nicolai may have simply .Jheard desoribod could be thus produced, and present ap parently the images of persons with whom ho was not, as a matter of . conscious memory, familiar. Tho brain, in other .words, registers and remembers moro than memory can evolve ; ' and it is reasonable to conceive th&fc; forgotten images oi things or persons onoo soon forrnod tho mysterious strautjers of Nieolai's waking dreams. It is noteworthy that, only after a long period of visitation from his fantistio friends, did Nicolai bogin to hear thom speak. Thus tho sonso of lioariug had also como in time to loud its aid in propagatiug tho illusions ; and tho fact that the visions addressed Nicolai concerning bis own immodiato affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows tho unoonsoious action of a mind which was broodiug over its own trials, and which was ovolviug from within itself tho oomfort and conso lation of kindly friends. Last of all, that tho uiat;eiial basis of theso visionary friends rcsidod in tho weakly body of their boat is proved by their disappearance on thoresump tion of tho customary blood-lotting and tho improvement of tho hoalth—an additional f.tot showing tho rotation of tho hoalthy body to tho sound mind. Ono of tho most interesting casoB of vlsion eooiug by a porsou of oulturo and intolligenoo is that rotated in tho Athenccum of 10th January, 1830, by tho Rov. Dr. JuBaopp, who, iu Lord Otford's library, whon ongngfld in oopying bouio litorary notes, saw a largo whito hand, and thon, as ho tellaua, pcrcoived ' the figuro of a Bomewbat largo man, with his baok to tho firo, bonding slightly ovor tho tablo, and apparoutly examining tho piloof books I had bot-n at work upon.' Tho figuro was droaeod in somo antique ecolcpia^tical garb. The figuro vanished wlitnDr. Jeasopp mado a movoinont with hia arm, but re apponred, aud again vanished whoa tlio reverend nairator throw down a book with whioh ho had boen ougagod. Dr. Jeaaopp's rcoittl called forth oonaiderable oomiueut, and a lottor from Dr. Audrow Wilson of Edinburgh, presenting a theory baaed on tho principles o! eubjectivoseneationa.troatod of in the present p»por. After dotailing tho faal ion iu whioh aubjeotivo 8ensationB beoomo prnji-otod forwarda, Dr. Wilson ea-s {Athcnaum, 17 h January, 1880) : '* Tho only point concerning whioh auy dubioty exiatB, concerns tho exact oriym of tho specific imngt a which appear aa iho reauit of sub jective sensory action. My own idea ia that almost invariably tho proj- cted imago is that of a person we have Been and read about. . . Iu Dr. Jdscopp's oaao thero ia ono fuot whioh ao&ma; to weigh materially iu favour of tho idea that tho vision whioh appeared to him in Lord Orford's library was an uu» conscious r- production of some mental] imog* or fizurn about, which tho doctor! may very likely liavo concerned himself in | the way of antiquarian study/' it is most , interesting to observe that in tho succeed- I ing nuuibor of tho Athciucum, a Mr. Walter liyo writes: 'Dr. A. Wilson's1 solution that tho 1 spectre' . . was an un conscious r« production of some mental imaue or figuro about which Dr. Jesscpp may very likely havo concerned himself in tho way of antiquarian study, seems tho right ono, and I think I can identify the ' ghost/ Tho ecclesiastically dressed largo man, with closely cut, reddish- brown hair, and shaved cheek, appears to me tho doctor's remombranco of tho portrait of Parsons, tho Jesuit Father, whom ho calls, in his 'Ouo Generation of a Norfolk Houso/ 'tho manager and moving spirit' of the Jesuit mission in England. . . Dr. Jossopp, when I10 thought ho saw tho figure, was alono in an old library, belong ing to a Walpole, and Father Parsons was tho leader of Henry Walpolo, tho hero of his just-cited boot. Small wonder, there fore, if tho association of the ideas mado him think of Parsons.' All such illusive visions aro thus roadily expluined as tho creatures of an imagina tion which, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to projoct its visions forward, on tho seats of sense, as the 'ringing' in our cars is produced by some irritation of the hearing-ccntro of the brain. Tho known vision is a reproduction of a present memory, and tho unknown vision is tho reproduction of a forgotten figuro whioh has, nevertheless, been stored away in somo nook or cranny of the momory-chambor. Science may thus— as wo havo beforo had frequent occasion to assure our readers — dispel the illusion by its free explanation; ? and scienco has no higher function or nobler uso than when, by its aid, a subject 1 like tho presont is rescued from tho domain of the mysterious, and brought within tbe sphere of ordinary knowledge.— Chambers Journal. 