AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY, (F-'om the London Athenmm.) . Little more than two months have passed since my own personal experience of mental phenomena wbb strikingly enlarged by the ocourrenoe with whioh the following narra tive deals. Yet already 1 find that round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of tho mythical elemont, and tnat i mysell am in danger of beooming a hero of romanoe in more senses than one. As I objeot to be lookad upon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations aro vouohsafed, and, on the other hand, do not wish to be set down aB a crazy droamer, whose disorganised nervous syfltom renders him abnormally liablo to fantasiio delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to mako publio tho fol lowing paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so, it is better they Blioul^ passed through o'-her ohannels. The narra I tive was written, at tho request of a friend, not many days after the evont, when all tho oiroumstanoea wore fresh in my recollection ; On the 10th of October, 1870, I drove ovor from Norwich to Mannington Hall, to spend the night at Lord Orford's. Though 1 was in perfect health and high spirits, it is fair to stato that for some weeks previ ously I had had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and somo considerable mental strain of one kind or another. I wub not, however, conscious of anything approaching weariness, irritability, or 'fag.' I arrived at 4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conven Bation till it was timo to ? dress for dinner. We dined at seven ; our party numbered six persons. Of these, four at least had been crreat travellm-n. T muonlP it-.-. a listener ; the talk was general and dis cursive, and amused and interested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural ; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art, and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe in telligently what they had seen, and com ment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleafant party. After dinner we played a rubber. Wo 'left off as we began,' and as two o£ the guests had some distance to drive, we broke up at half-past ten. Tbe main objeot of my going over to Mannington-was to examine and take notes upon some very rare books in Lord Orford's library, which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to moat with up to this time. I asked leave to sit up for some noura ana make transenpis. HiH lordship at first wished ma to let his valet remain in attendance .to see all the lights put out, but as thiB would have embarrassed me, and compelled me to, go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likoly that I should be oooupied till two or three in the morning, it was agreed that 1 should ba left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By eleven o'clook I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon buaily at work, and abBOrbad in my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fire-place and a grand old chimney ; and it is neodless to say that it is furnished with every com fort and luxury. Tho library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from whoro I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reucn me volumes i wanted to examine. There were six small volumos in all. I took them down, and plaood them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work — sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finiBhed with a book, I placed it in front of me. There wero four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intetvals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly one o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of Seltzer water, and I remember thinking to mysolf that I should get to bed by two after all, I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, thero sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with hia baok to the fire, leaning lightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I had been engaged upon. Tho man's face was turned away from me, butlsaw hisclosely cut, reddish-brownhair,hieear andshavedcheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, tho side of the forehead, and the largo, high oheek-bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesias tical habit of thick oorded Bilk, or some Buoh material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, about an inoh broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting olose to the chin. Tho right hand, which had first attraoted my attention, was olasping, with out any great pressure, tho left hand; both hands were iu porfeot repoBe, and tho large blue veins of the right hand were con spiouous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Vnliuimin*'. magnifioont 'Dead Knight' in tho National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was-perfeotly suro that he wis not a reality. A thousand thoughts oame crowding upon mo, but not the' least feeling of alarm, ' or even uneasiness; ouriosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a skotoh of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a penoil; then I thought, 'Up- stairs I have a sketoh-book— shall I fetoh it?' There he sat, and I was fascinated; .afraid, not of hiB staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hanu from the paper, strotched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top ono. I oannot explain why I did this. My arm paBBed in front of the figure, and it vanished. -I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened lot perhaps another fife minute a, and I hud aotually got to tbe lait fewworda ol what I had determined to extraot, when the figure appeared again, exaotly in the eame plaoe and attitude as before. I saw the bands oloso to my own ; I turned my head again, to examine him more olosoly, and I ' was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to Bpoak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing tbe two or throe words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before mo, and exhibit not tho slightest tremour or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom oame and when be disappeared. Having finished my task, I shnt the book and threw it on the table ; it mado a slight noise as it fell ; the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my obair, X sat for somo seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and 1 remember wondering whether my friond would eome again, and, if he did, whether he would hide tbe fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nervo. I remember yawning ; then I roao, lit my bedroom candle, took my books into tbo inner library, mounted the ohair, aa before, and replaoed five ' of tbe volumes ; the sixth I brought back and laid upon tho caDLR wuuru j. nau uetjn wricmg wiieu we phantom did me the honour to appear to me. By this timo I had lost all sense of uueasiness. I blow out the four candles, and mavohed ofl to bed, where I slept tho Bleep of tho just or the guilty — I know not whioh — but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narra tive of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I leave to others. Augustus Jesbopp, D.D. New Sapphire Mines.— A valuable dis covery of sapphire mines has been made in Siam, and there is a 'rush' to the now diggings. Many of the subordinate government officials have resigned their posts in order to be early on the Bpob, and it is expected that there will soon bs an influx of South African diamond miners. Those Rapphires which have reached Bangkok are said to be large and beautiful. A New PnoioaKirHic . Pbooebs. — The Japanese are now oegiDoiug co return in kind some of tbe Boientifio instruction which they have bo diligently borrowed from Europe daring several years past. One of the first-fruits of their Wesiotn culture is a new sort of photograph, something similar to tho well-known Eoglish type-printing photog'aph. It had long been observed by the workmen engaged in making Japanese' lacquer, that one of tbe substances has the singular property of becoming almost as hard as a stone when exposed to the action of sunlight; and a Japanese inventor has . conceived the idea of applying it in the preparation of relief photographs. A slab covered with thii material is exposed for twelve hours to daylight, which is allowed to pass through the ' negative!' plats placed in front of it. By this time the slab has become hardened to different de grees according to the intensity of the light falling on it, or, in other words,, according to tho light and shade of the negative in front ; and upon carefully scraping away the softer parts, a pictorial surface in low relief is obtain.d, similar to an engraver's block, and suitable for printing from. A Geoqbaphioai. Game. — An amusing and instructive geographical game has just been invented by M. Levasseur, a well known French geographer. It is called ' Tour du Monde,' and is played on a large terrestrial globe, richly illustrated, and divided into 232 spherical rectangles, eaoh - of which is marked with a number corres ponding to a number on a list whioh in dicates gains or loaaei in the game, A brass rib or meridian running from pole to pole of the globe, but raised above tho latter, ia perforated with a row of eighteen holes; aod there are eighteen tiny flags provided for tho purpose ot being planted in tho holes. Eaoh flag corresponds to one of the principal states of the world, from China the moBt populous, to Holland the least populous. To play tho gamo the globe ia set revolv ing, and a player, commonoing at the south pole, plants a fiag into eaoh hole one aftet another, at eaoh revolution of the globe, and advauoes northwards. The score of the player, whioh may be either a gain or a loss, : is determined by the nature of the foots indicated on the reotangular spa'oo above whioh a flag may stand when tho globe stops revolving ; and this ia, of course, the inter esting and humourous part of the game. London, for example, counts thirty, Paris twenty, and so on, aooording to population. A ooal mine, a Manohoster cotton faotory, a grain mart, all are reckoned gains ; but an S enoounter with a Zulu or a lion in Afrioa, a storm in the Atlantic, a polar iceberg, a crocodile on the Nilo, naturally go for serious losses. Captive Light. — We have had occasion to refer to various praotioal applications ot oertain phosphorescent substances to illu minating purposes, and especially to the ' luminous paint' of Mr. W. H. Balmain. This material has of late been brought into greater prominence, and has been put to several important usos. It wjll bo remem bered that tho paint is made by mixing a Belf-luminous sulphide or other Bait of calcium with the materials of ordinary colourless paintB. When expoBed for some time to daylight, or to the powerful rays of tho eleotric are or burning magnesium wire, tho sensitive salt in tho paint seems to acquire a mole oular vibration whioh in darkness gives riso.to waves of light, which are seen as a soft violet phosphoresoenoe growing whiter as it is more intense. A piece of card board two feet square, if coated with tho paint, makes an excellent hand-lamp, and is now, wo believe, being tried for this pur pose in the dangerous spirit vaults of tho West India Docks, and iu the gunpowder magazines of ono of her Majesty's iron clads. Tbo Admiralty, have made experi- i ments with the new illuminant in a dark ened room at Whitehall, with a view to test its capability for use aa a wall-paint to I lighten the dark oompartmonts of ironclads ; and the dial indicators for showing the sneed of the engines on board H.M.S. Northampton are to he faoed with it, so as to show the index by night without the aid of a lamp. An exoeedingly interesting parlour triok oan be played with a piece of card board painted with the luminous material in this way : — Expose the sensitive surface to daylight with a ponny or other coin lying 1 on it for suoh time as will allow the surface to take in a good supply of light ; on re moving the card then to a dark place, and abstracting the coin unobserved, its surface will be luminous with the exception of the v round spot whioh had been covered by the ooin. This part will, in fact, be a persistent shadow of the ooin after the Utter has been . taken awav. and it is easv to trick tnose not in the secret into believing that the ooin is still lying on the oard. A rnyaioiiN seeing Cooko about to drink a glass of brandy, exclaimod, 'Don't drink that filthy stuff. Brandy is the worst enemy you havo.' , I know that,' replied Cooke. but yon know the Soripture commands to love our enemies— so herq g'oe».'' 