OPPOSITION TO THE SERVICE REFORM BILL. MEETING AT IIOTITAM. Axneetingot tin? electors of Ilothomwas held last evening, at tho local town hall, to cmiihaG- cally protest against tho Reform Bill introduced by the Service Ministry. About S00 iwreons w ere present, and the mayor of Ilotham (Mr. T. Amottl oecunicl the chair. On tho platform were Messrs. Laurens, Story and Minuns, its. LL , and a large number of local residents. Mr. Berry, who was to have addressed the meeting:, was unavoidably detained at the House, and U:s absence was aixjlegisevl for by Mr. Mi rams. The chairman, after reading the advertLoiucnt convening the meeting, said that the people ot llotbum would that night have an opjvr'.umty of expressing an opinion on tho great issue which was involved in tho Question now before the colony. . . Mr. Scott proposed the first resolution, "That this meeting emphatically condemn tho Reform Bill introduced to tho country by tho the Service Ministry, for tlio following rea- sons 1. That it3 provisions, if curried into law, would hand over the rights of tho popular chamber, and destioy what in ever been claimed by the House of Commons, viz., iu yupremo power over money bilk. 2. That a double dissolution of b?tU Houses would be iHjnal as far aa tho LcgLdative Assembly is concerned, and deprive tlio country of the representation by men of ability, but of limited means. 3. By a joint sitting of both chain' » a minority in the Lower House would invariably swamp the Assembly, rendering man hood suffrage and a |K>putar chamber a sham and delusion." Mr. William Cooko seconded the resolution, lie said it must be very gratifying to see such a largo attendance- As an old resident it was not surprising to liim to see the manhood of Ilotham turning out, especially on such an i important matter as was now before them. They hud arrived at a most important stage in tlio history of tho colony, when they were called upon to defend the rights of their manhood. (Applause.) Could they expect Mr. &rvh;>» to legislate for the xuaraes? (Cries of No.) ne represented three classes only— 'Urn importers, the squatters and the bankera; ntui the bill he desired to intro duce was not supported by Ml tho Conservative members eveu. Mr. Liurcus, M.LA., supported the resolu tion. lie eoid Unit when tlio pooplo of llotlium returned him to tho Hoiuno lie little expected tho constituency would be called together so carb' aftcnvanls to condemn tho provisions of the Re form Bill brought forward by Mr. Service, a bill, he was sorry to say, which was not :i measure that ho could support. He considered tlio measure moro likely to l»e provocative of dead locks rather than on© calculated to settle them. (Applause.) Mr. Story. M.LA., coincided with the resolu tion. The rcionn question should be settled calmly and coolly. It was injurious to trade to havo tie matter continually l»cforo thn public. Means which were not entirely creditable had bee' used at the last election, mat lie lu»i"'. the itupcndiug dissolution would result more favorably for the Liberal party. Ho considered it would be better to retain the constitution in itsi present state rather than adopt a measure which was. making bad worse. He hoped the re solution would bo carried, and thus strengthen the position of their representatives in tlio House. Mr. Minims, M.LA., said ho was glad to see such a large gathering, because thoir ojq>onenU in the Assembly Inul boon tolling tliem that the people were getting so heartily sick of the reform question that they were saying that it would be better to settle the question any way rather than have tho mutter always before them. Mr. Gil lies had stated that if they were to have peace they mbst accept the pnqwals of his Go vernment, because every other scheme would fail ; but the people, ho thought, were not satisfied with peace on any such term. (Applause.) lie 'regretted that Mr. Berry w;ui not present, but he was watching tho debute in the House as the loader of the Opposition. (Great applause.) Ho regretted that the party as u whole had not sullieicut union at the last election, or they would never have seen Mr. Service's Ministry in power. The cause of this defeat was tho side questions introduced, and he hoped that when the dissolu tion came, which lie thought it would in two or three weeks— (great applause)— tho great question of reform alone should be con sidered. Mr. Service's bill was brought in with a desire not to do away with manhood aull'rago, but to modify it, and render it«j operations negative. Tho bill did not give any hoj»o|of settlements of disputes which might occur, and it was to tho interests of the working classes to see that the rights and powers that had l>con held by their forcfatheni in England, antl which they should be deter mined to hand down to their children, should be preserved. lie was convinced Mr. Service's ; bill had not a ghost of a chance of becoming law, but he thought there was nothing like an expression of opinion, ami ho was sura this mooting was thoroughly in earnest. (Applause.) Tho resolution was then put and carried, only one hand being held up against it. Mr. 11. Harmtt moved, " Tliat every Liberal representative in the Assembly bo urged to veto against tlio socond reading of thc bill, aa there w:u> no possibility of getting ita principles altered in committee." Mr. Whitolaw seconded the motion. Air. Trenowith snpjMwtcd the resolution, which was carried unanimously. A veto of thanks to tho ehoinnan, and cheers for Mr. Mirams and the other speakers, brought the meeting to a clam. 