OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) HOBART TOWN, Jan. 5, 1880. \--Amusement and enjoyment having been the order of the day for the past week, little else has been left for me to write about. I don't think I ever remember seeing such a thorough " out-turn" of the good folks of Hobart Town as I have witnessed during the last few days. This was particularly the case on New Year's eve. The theatre was crammed from ceiling to floor, and it did one good to hear the hearty laugh which greeted the course of that prince of comedies, "Our Boys." No better piece could have been chosen for a holiday treat, and the per- formances throughout gave great satisfac- tion. As Middlewick, a retired butter man, Mr Carey was inimitable, and well filled the shoes of that old favourite Andrews; but in the character of Sir Geoffrey Champneys we missed the easy and graceful acting of Lawrence, who was here with Mrs Scott-Siddons. Miss Florence instead was quite at home as Mary Melrose, and by her really good acting in "Kathleen Mavourneen" and " A Serious Family" has established her- self as a favourite. The company has been playing to good houses throughout the week, even the Saturday evening entertainments being well attended. Some of the scenic and mechanical effects by Messrs Perriman and Smith deserve more than a word of praise. Professor Pepper has been giving his series of scientific festivals to fair houses at the Town Hall. The Ghost part of the business has been rather disappointing, D'Arcy Read's entertainments in this direction having been much more effec- tive; but the second part of the pro- gramme, in which the professor gives with the aid of an exccil?nt oxy-hydrogen lantern illustration: f torpedo warfare with mechanical effects; and a series of views illustrating improvements made in balloons,:~nd flying machines, etc., are highly entertaining and instructive. This (Monday) evening His Excellency the Go vernor is to be present, and during the week Professor Pepper will commence a series of lectures on optics and light. The circus has also had a fair attend ance during the holidays. Some very good acrobatic feats are performed by J. L. Leopold, and Madame Cathrine's tight rope dancing is a clever performance. The other members of the company perform their parts to the satisfaction of the audiences, and the clown keeps all merry with his quips and jokes. Pleasure trips to Port Arthur, the Huon, New Norfolk, and round the Bays in O'Mays steamers have been patronised by crowds of pleasure seekers, and picnic parties have daily wended their way to the Bower, the Springs, and other favourite spots on the outskirts of the city. Nota few have climbed the rugged side of Mount Wellington, and it would puzzle me not a little to find space to tell of all the provisions made for the enjoy ment of the people at this festive season. When the bells rang out their merry wel come to the New Year, the whole harbour was lighted up with the magnesium and coloured lights, and sky rockets, which illuminated the ships in the harbour. Signal guns were banging all round and ships bells clanging a most infernal din. We have all spent a very merry Xmas, and the New Year has dawned upon us with smiles and sunshine, and kindly greetings and congratulations. Sir James Wilson has rather astonished his medical advisers, and has made a wonderful rally. It is hardly probable, however, that he will again take his seat in the Legislative Council. Should he resign, Mr P. O. Fysh will be the most likely person to take his place in the House, and it is probable that Mr F. M. Innes will be appointed President of the Council. I have heard Mr Chapman's name mentioned as a likely candidate for the position, but I do not think much confidence can be placed in the rumoutr. An agent has been endeavouring to sell the Tribune in Victoria, but with what result I do not know. The idea of form ing a company to start' a second news paper for the city seems to have fallen through. A small evening paper, yclept The Evening Star, now comes out as a tri weekly. I notice that the inquest on the child who recently died under peculiar circum stances at Launceston has been post poned until the stomach can be analysed by Mr Dagobert Lewald. 1 am under the impressionthat Mr Lewald has left Hobart Town. Since the closing of the Smelting Works there has been. hardly sufficient work to encourage an analytical chemist to remain. The title "Government Analyst" was only honorary, and carried withit 'no salary. A very fine block of polished Serpentine is on exhibition here, showing the character of the atone to advantage, and its suitableness for indoor work such as mantlepieces, etc. The commissioners should endeavour to get quch another seecimen to foirward, to th Sydney Ex 