HOW GEORGETTE KEPT TRYST. (continued) Etienne passed a restless night and woke late next morning feeling unrefreshed, and with a strange sense of oppression and uneasiness. lt was a gloomy day with a leaden sky and a chill wind The weather is 1 breaking 1' the con cierge remarked, when he brought up the roll and cup of caf& au lait for his lodger's ' first breakfast.' ' Yesterday was the last of the summer.' The last day of summer.' The young man found himself repeating the words thoughtfully as if they contained some hidden meaning. It was after 11 o'clock by the time he had finished. He went up to Georgette's room and tapped at the door. It was not latched, and as his' summons met with no reply he gently pnshed it open and looked in. The expression of pleasureable anticipa tion faded suddenly from his face, giving place to one of blank perplexity and astonish ment. One glance from him showed that Georgette was not there, and it showed him something else. All her belongings bad vanished. The room was stripped and bare. He stared around stupidly, trying in vain to understand it. Georgette gone ! It seemed like a bad dream, from which he weuld awake presently to find her before him. At length, rousing himself from his stupe faction, he hurried down stairs to question the concierge. ' Oh, yes, Ma'amselle Georgette is gone, sure enough,' the old man told him coolly. ' She came down shortly after nine o'clock, and told tne she was obliged to leave im mediately. She paid her term and fetched a fiacre" herself. The driver carried her box downstairs, and--paf ! she was gone; all in a breath, as one may . say. But she left a note for you, Monsieur ; that will explain it no doubt.' ' Why could you not tell me that at first V Etie>ne asked, impatiently, snatching it from his hand. r - Inclosed was the letter which she had re ceived on the previous evening together with a few lines in her owa writing. He put the former aside without a glance, and took up her hurried note. ' Dear love, I write with a breaking /heart to bid you farewell, it began. The letter I received last night was' from your father. When you have read it you will know why I left you.' Etienne uttered a passionate exclamation, 'My father 1 ah — I understand. He knew that I should never give her up, so he has. token the surest means of driving- her from me.' ' If a marriage with me,' Georgette wrote, ' would ruin all your prospects, and spoil your life at the outset, as he says, I must never be your wife. I love you too well to injure you so cruelly, and, therefore, though it tears my heart, I must say— adieu ! For give me, my love— and forget me. The letter ended there, but overleaf there was a postscript, which had evidently been added en a sudden impulse at the last moment. 4 My courage fails me. I cannot, cannot write that cruel word, " farewell." I must have a hope, however slight, to keep me from despair. Dearest, in two years time you will be your own master ; then, if your love is unchanged, we mayimeeb again. On the first Sunday in September, two years hence, go to Versailles, and in the afternoon, when the fountains 4play, wait for me iu the " Verte Allee,'4where we sat yesterday. If I live I will come to you. Till then, my best-beloved, adieu . Etienne read it through tice and mechani cally refolded it, then took up his father's letter — a pitiless letter, every word of which must have gone like aknife to her heart. Be did not wonder that in the first anguish of wounded pride and outraged affection she hid fled from -him, but he determined that i be would not accept the separation. He would find her and bring her back. He went out at once, and spent the re mainder of the day in searching for her, en quiring in every quarter where she was known. But all his efforts were in vain. Her lonely little figure had drifted out of sight, ' and was lost in the great labyrinth of Paris. Two long years must. pa$s before he saw it again. A chill September afternoon. The sky was covered with low- hanging- clouds, -the ' wand had a wistful sigh in it which promised Tain. It was unpropitious weather for a fete at Versailles, nevertheless there was no lack of visitors, and to one of them, who was slowly pacing the Verte Allee,' this" quiet, jcpol, gray day, full of soft mist and moisture had; a pensive charm of its own, like a picture in' ' neutral tints or an air in a minor key. ' Bfcjenne was first at the try sting-pla ca, tht; quaint, green avenue where Georgette and be, s it to « atch the fountains, two years ago. Two years ! What a gulf of time it had: seemed before he had crossed it, and liow short it appeared now, looking baok ! , He could have fancied it was only yesterday hat " he was loitering under the trees, with that bright, tender face at his side — the face which had guided him like a star through the lonely years to this day. Those years had been eventful ones to him. Fame had cpme to him, and he was on the high road to fortune, too. lle.had left the ' pleasant land of Bohemia' and the old nomadic life far behind him. And Georgette, ho had she fared ? vhat story would she have to tell him, he won dered. nig heart sank strangely as lie asked himself the question. ; Not for a moment did he doubt that slie would come. He knew— he felt : that . she would keep her word. He longed impatiently for the meeting ; yet mingled with that feel ing there was a vague dread which he could not understand, and could not shake offi ; . , He stood near the fctatufe of the water- nymph1nitelmacbl4Ufcs»8i& :lboking toiar the upper end of tbe walk, from which he expected her to appear. He had it to himself at present, though figures passed and re- passed at each end of : the long green vista, apd the usual crowd was gathering round the basins/ ' She said, " when the fountains play," ' he muttered, consulting his watch. ' It is after four o'clock no nr ; will they never begin V Even as he spoke the waters were released, and he heard once more the familiar musical sounds— the rushing, splashing, rippling, fall ing, all around him. Still the walk was solitary. To right or left there was no approaching figure. A dream-like feeling stole over him, as he stood thus, watching, every sense and faculty strained in expectati n. The present and the past seemed confused, and both wore an aspect of unreality. At length, at the upper end of the glade, a woman's figure appeared. He could not yet distinguish the features, but he knew the shape, the walk, the dress. It was Georgette. His first impulse was to rush to meet her, but he restrained himself that he might enjoy the exquisite pleasure of seeing her come to him His heart swelled with a joy so keen that it bordered upon pain, and tears rashed to his eyes. She came slowly on down the walk; hearer and nearer, so that he could distinguish every feature; nearer still, till she paused opposite to him, with one hand resting on the marble basin. Still he did not speak, he did not stir. The look of rapturous expectation faded from his face. He stood as if he were turned to stone. Was this Georgette .with the wan, white cheeks, the hollow eyes, that locked at him with such forlorn appeal ? The pale lips, which seemed to have forgotten how to smile ? There was a moment of silence. She gazed at him as if she were trying to read his heart through his eyes ; her face ex pressed more than -he could understand. Was it joy or pain, or a strange mingling of both, that yearning, wistfullook? He could 'not tell. Before he recovered himself sufficiently to speak, before he could even put out his hand to detain her: — to his astonishment, she. abruptly turned from -him,, and passed swiftly on down the walk. He hastened after her, calling her to stop, but she only quickened her pace ; and before he could overtake her, she had reached the terrace round Neptune s Basin,' and was lost in the crowd. He hurried to and fro, looking for her eagerly among the groups who ere loitering round the fountains, or sitting under the trees. Nowhere was she to be seen. He went over, thesame ground half a dozen times, always returning to the walk in the hope of finding hqr ; there, till at length he paused in bewilderment and con sternation, and realised that he had lost her. What did it mean? Why had she fled from him ? Could it be that she had misin terpreted his manner when they met ? At the first moment he -had been too ; shocked and startled to speak ; had she ' imagined that his love died a sudden deatH when he found her so piteously changed ? The thought gave him a pang of self-reproach. Be longed to fold her in his awns and tell her that never before had she been so dear to him. He pursued his search with feverish anxiety, but she had melted into the crowd like a raindrop into the sea, leaving no trace behind. As it grew dusk, a fine penetrating rain began . to fall, and the throng of, visitors gradually dispersed, streaming .put at the gates, and along the broad quiet streets to the station. Etienne went with the rest. He felt a conviction, for which hecould hardly account, that he should find her in Paris; But where was he to look for her ? That was the question he asked himself as, after leaving the St Lazare terminus, he stood hesitating in the Rue d' Amsterdam. Then it occurred to him that she might possibly, be lodging in her old quarters in the Rue des Ecoles once more, or, at any rate, he might hear of her there. Be. hailed a fir ere and drove across the water to a familiar street. The old concierge, with the Holland apron and tasselled cap of yoie, wee smoking a post- prandial pipe at the door of the lodge.. ' Good evening, M. Poedevin,' Etienne be gan ; yon don't remember me, I see, but I was a lodger of yours two years ago.' The old man peered at him through the dusk, and then nodded. ' I recollect you now, though I did hot at first. So many lodgers come and go, you see, like the swallows, in the course of two years,' he said apologetically. 4 And it is but seldom, . I suppose, that they come back to the old nest ?' ' Weil, it happens sometimes,' the other returned, knocking out the ashe? of his pipe against tbe door-post. For example, there is Georgette Tredville— you remember her? the little ouvriere on the sixth ; we used to call her " Ma'amselle Rossignol" ' Yes, yes,' he assented, eagerly; 'is she here now.?' ' She came back to her rooms a few weeks ago. 1 here was some excuse for my not re cognising her. She was so altered, I thought , it was her ghost.' /' ' Had she been ill ?' ' That was What I asked her. "No," she said, she had not been ill— she bad only been starving.' The young man uttered an exclamation that was like a cry of pain. 'Good heavens 1 It cannot be—— The other nodded at him grimly, as he pressed the fohigcco down in his pipe. ' You would not have doubted it if you had seen her. She had been short of work for eeveral he told me and to be short of work xnctmtq benbort of food you:, see. It is a coqnmmi case enough, Mohsaeor.' i Etienne was Mlient ; Acre was a phbking sensation in bis throat, and a mist libfcjre his eyes. The old man watched him curiously. ' You « ere good friends, you and she, in the old times. Bhe will be glad to see you isagain, pauvre -She has been ill the last few dayk wilh a sort of Tow fever, and has not been abwu-iif v ' But she was at Versailles this afternoon.' His companion stared at him. 'Not likely. She was in bed this morning, and my wife said sfeq seemed i ' t/ - t I saw her.' Etienne persisted. > M. Podevin pushed his cap aside, and rubbed his head with a puzzled look. ' Tha j is c»dd. I have npt stirred from -this lodge, and I can swear I never saw her piass. How- ever, if she did go, she has certainly returned by ! this time, for she was never out after dusk, and if you would like to aee her- — ' Yes,'T will go upstairs at once,' Etienne interrupted, and he turned away. A host of tender recollections rushed»upon him las he mounted the familiar stairs to Georgette's door. It was half open, and he paused a moment on the threshold, looking in. Tfie loom was in shadow except near the window, where the rays of the rising moon ' made a dim silver twilight, 'and showed him — Georgette, seated with her back toward him at the work-table. She still wore her hat and jacket, and was leaning with her forehead on her folded hands, in an attitude of weariness or dejection. Bis heart beat painfully as he crossed the room to her side, and laid his hand lightly on her shoulder. She did not stir or speak. ' Georgette f he whispered, then gently raised her head, and drawing it back against his breast, bent and kissed her. Marble was not colder than the lips that met his. A shudder ran through him from head to foot. His heart thrilled with a sudden awful fear. ' Georgette 1' he cried aloud. There was no answer. ' She has fainted,' he gasped ; she ha? — only — fainted. , She will be better presently. He lifted the nerveless figure in his arms, and laid it on the bed. He then went to the staii -head and called loudly for assistance. When the concierge, and those of the lodgers who had heard the summons, came hurrying in, he was on his knees at the bed side, chafing one of the little cold hands, and trying to warm it in his breast. ' Bring the light here,' he said, abruptly, to' M. Podevin, who carried a small hand lamp. The latter complied, holding it so that the light fell upon the figure on the bed. The face was waxen white, and awfully still ; the eyes were closed, the lips partod in a.smile of unearthly serenity. O God-— my darling !' Theory broke hoarsely from his white lips as he sank on his knees at the bed side. 'Georgette, my love, my little dove I Have I found you only tolose you forever? Speak to me— look at me 1' But the shy blue eyes' would never meet his again ; the sweet lips were sealed forever. " A'l was ended now, the hope and the fear and the porrow.; All tha achiocr of heart, tbe reetlesp, unsatisfied longing" For her all was ended, but for him there were the desolate years to come ; the loneli ness, ;the weariness, the aching sense of loss which would never pass away. Ten minutes later a doctor had been summoned, and the little room was full of horror-struck and compassionate faces. ' Syncope — inanition ; defective action of the heart —hump !' muttered the surgeon, as he raised himself after a brief examination. ' When did this happen ? Who saw her last ?' 'I saw her this afternoon, Monsieur,' a woman's voice replied, and the speaker came forward. ' I lodge in the next room, and when I passed her about two o'clock she was getting ready to go out, I was sur prised, as she seemed so il', but she told me she had promised to meet a friend at Ver sailles. Ho ever, she did not go, for when I returned she was sitting at the table there, as if she had fallen asleep.' 'ft »as the sleep that knows no waking,' spoke the doctor gravely. ' Etienne, who had not yet moved or spoken, rose slowly to his feet. ' What time — was that ? he asked, in a voice nqt his own. Three o'clock, Monsieur, as near as. I jpan jgqess.' / The young man's figure swayed as if : he were falling. He put his hands to his eyes. Awe and wonder too deep for words over powered him. The angel of death had summoned Georgette before the hour apointed for their meeting. Who was it, then — tohai was it, he had seen at the try sting- place ? . We are told that 'love is stronger than death.' Is it irreverent to believe that its , magnetic power might be permitted for a moment to draw back a shirit fm-n tlic shadowy bordersj of the Silent Land?— The Argosy. Lawyers are never more earnest than when they work with a will — that is, if the estate is valuable. More Chicken-counting. — A good many people who have nqt won prizes in the French lottery have had their money's worth out of their tickets in joyful expectation of success, wnile others, on the contrary, have made themselves miserable with anxiety and the anticipation of failure. The most nmiiRing case a writer in the Sporting and, Dramatic News' has heard is that of a very sanguine lady who had quite made up her mind that ; she was certain to win the diamonds. " The lottery will he drawn next week. Supposing I Were f o win the diamonds, I should receive them in time to wear at the Blankingtons' ball," she observed to her husband. " My dekr," he replied, " if we win them we had much better sell them. The money would just buy the Grove farm, and now there's a chanpe of getting it." "'We!'" his wife exclaimed. "If we' win ! The ticket is hfine, I think, and ! should. like to keep the diamonds." " What for ?" he rejoined. " You have as much jewellery a# you can possibly want."v " And you, have quite as much farm-land as you can look after, know ing nothing about 'farming." " My dear, I .bought the ticket, I believe ?" f, ";I dare say |you did, but you gave it Jn me, and I don't fees why I should give .Up tlie piize. I think it's very selfish and unkind of you to want it," etc. As notlhing hayetlBen heard of the number whioh'origihjited the dispute, thfe little tiff was based upon .a somewhat uncertain foundation. 