PARLIAMENTARY ELECTIONS. NEW ENGLAND ELECTORATE. [By Tklbokapu.I (from our own correspondent.) URALLA, Tuesday. Mr. Henry Copeland, M.L.A., who is offering himself as a candidate for the representation of New England in the next Parliament, arrived in India on Sunday morning. On Monday afternoon he was driven to the" Retreat Inn. At this spot he was met by the Mayor and several Aldermen of the Armidale Borough Council, besides Mr. John Moore and other residents of that city. Upon his arrival Mr. Copeland was lustily cheered by those assembled. Having transferred himself to a drag piloted by Mr. Richardson, the Mayor, a procession of buggies was formed, and Mr. Copeland was driven to Armidale. On Monday night, in the Armidale Town Hall. Mr. Copeland addressed about 300 electors. The Mayor took the chair, and in a few pertinent remarks introduced Mr. Copeland to the meeting. The latter said that one of the most important measures passed into law by the present Parliament was the Education Act," and tone which would prove of lasting benefit to the country. (Cheers.) He had supported the Act in its entirety, though he had tried whilst the bill was in committee to effect a few slight alterations in its provisions. The Act was decidedly one of the best passed in the world -(oheers),-^and he would never be a party to tampering with it, except in the administrative department. For instance, he was against the appointment of a Minister of Education, which appointment, he thought, was not an improvement upon the Council of Education. He was afraid that one man, often actuated by feeling, would be likely to be biassed in a sectarian direction ; whereas with such a body as a Council of Education in existence, composed of gentlemen holding different religious views, and of the highest integrity, such an evil was not likely to manifest itself. Four gentlemen such as those who composed the late Council of Education were more likely to be free from sectarian proclivities than a number of Parliament invested with the sole responsibility of managing such an important department. He was also against the clause reducing the fees to a mere cypher, for he could not regard the people of this rich colony as paupers, unable to pay for the education of their children. There was no country in the world where the people were so well off as those of this colony, nor where the people were so well able to pay school fees and for these reasons he decidedly objected to reducing the fee for each child to 3d. per week. (Cheers.) In this matter alone, 'With their present population, they had sacrificed needlessly about £41,000 per year. The evil of this would be felt in retarding the erection of new schools in those places where they were urgently required, and the loss I would also show itself in other directions. He was aware that there was considerable feeling amongst the Roman Catholics of the colony against the present scheme of education, and that many of them clamoured for the system known as payment for results. Well, he must say that he could not subscribe to this system, though he gave those who asked for it every credit for honesty of purpose in the matter ; but if it were established which he trusted never would be the case-the system of payment for results would lead to the ruin of national education in the land. (Loud cheers.) Under its operation they would require four or more schools in every town in the country for the Church of England would want one, the Church of Roma another, and so on and they would have no schools at all. (Cheers.) Coming to the subject of tramways, he was opposed to their being constructed at the expense of the Government, and had voted against the Tramways Bill. He then passed on to the Electoral Act, At the meeting was aware, the country was inst about to have a general election vitally important thing to the people, and he thought the electors should evince far more interest in it than was usually the case. Every elector in the country should use the privilege conferred upon him, and not shirk his duty. (Cheers.) At the last general election little less than one-half the votes were recorded something like 8000. This privilege of voting was the grandest conferred by civil liberty, and it was possessed by rich and poor alike, by the monia! servant and the millionaire, and the humblest labourer had as much voting power as the richest man in the land. (Cheers.) Taking majorities as a basis, the existing Parliament only repre . sented a tithe of the votes of the country, and that was not as it should be. If a man would not exercise the privilege conferred upon him by the country he was unworthy of it, and it should be taken from him. Another clause in the Electoral Act that he had strenuously opposed was that increasing the voting power of the Sydney constituencies, and he had gone to the extremity of stonewall tactics in order to prevent the passing of the damage, but to no purpose. Previous to this increase to 23 members, Sydney was more than represented in the House, from the fact that most of the country electorates were served by Sydney men, who always looked out that the metropolis did T.' After. The metropolis now possessed a power in the bus which could defy any Government, and which would cause Sydney to get far more attention from the Parliament than it was fairly entitled to. With this increase any measure introduced into the House on behalf of Sydney interests would receive a solid support from those twenty-three members, and no Ministry could safely oppose their demands. 'Nine tenths of the members of the House permanently -recesses metropolis; it had a numerous, well-con dueted,andpa-rsrf_Sdaily'Prsas-and theMinistersalways ball- wants under theft at. He had also been opposed toHbe-e-use which referred disputed elections to the Judges often BuCTera»Court, instead of the Elections and Quali loafers uammKtea. He now oasM to the land question. (Chanak) He wauIA not shirk this question, though it 1 east _- his seat. He would show no trimming, but would go into the subject exhaustively and to the heart. (Cheers.) -They were all aware that the Government now in office had passed on Amended Land Act. It was extremely favourable to selectors, ant in the main he believed in it. The clause reducing the value of improvements was a good one, and had his support. So for as he was concerned he would not desire to have any other improvements except a ring fence. (Cheers.) Since the selector had not the time in which to make big improvements extended to five years they need not care about the subject of improvements, as no man . could reside for five years upon his selection without improving to the standard. He thoroughly believed in the free selector getting every fair play shown him. He took exception, on the other hand, to the treatment that the pastoral lessee received under the present law, for under it no had no tenure at all. He was in favour of the lessee receiving fourteen days notice of the selection of the land, in order to save his stock from being impounded, ss was too often the case, and he supported a clause to that effect. It seemed, according to the reasoning of some, that a squatter had neither a soul to be damned nor a body to be kicked, and anything was good enough for him but he differed from that dictum. (Cheers.) His sympathies went with both classes. He thought it a monstrous thing that after years of residence and hardship the squatter should be subjected to a species of blackmail, as was too often the case under their agrarian laws. Equal justice to both sides, and no favour, should be the spirit of the law. (Cheers.) What business man would like to be turned out of his place without proper notice, and put to all manner of hardships ? Yet that was the treatment of the squatter under their present Land Act. The present system of in- discriminate alienation was the most ruinous under the sun, and he thought no private men in his senses would be guilty of such a wasteful policy as had hitherto distinguished the alienation of the Crown lands of this colony. Their system had permitted the eyes of the country to be picked out and the best water frontages to be secured, whilst the most inferior were left untouched. (Cheers.) Three of the largest pastoral districts in this colony, the Darling, Albert, and Warrego, contained 68,000,000 acres, the revenue from the lease of which only amounted to about £69,000. That land, if the squatter had a fixed tenure, would return far more revenue. They might treble the rents, and the squatters would be glad to pay that increase for a title. They only had a week's lease now, therefore it was not to be expected that they should pay more rent than was the case now. The objection against giving the squatter a lease of fifteen or twenty-one years was that the people wanted the land for selection ; but they could still have land for selection, and give the squatter a just bargain and he might say that he would be the last person to place any restriction in the way of legitimate selection. (Cheers.) But during the past sixteen years only some 89,000 acres had been selected in the Albert district, which fact conclusively proved that the country was only fit to be let out in large areas and that could be done under a proper system of tenure. He was also in favour of giving an increased area to the selector, especially in a district like New England, which never could become a great agricultural district. It would never pay to send wheat to Sydney from New England on their railways, and the experiment would never succeed. 640 acres was too small an area for a family, and he should increase that area four times, or up to 2000 acres, with a fixed tenure, and this would make a reasonably large pastoral farm. (Cheers.) The principal drawback here was that they could not profitably export wheat because Victoria and South Australia could beat them. With a railway to Grafton the farmers of New England might send many other things which could not be produced on the coast. Every one at present grow wheat ; but there were many other things, such as currants and raisins, which could be grown here profitably, and with model farms the agriculturist would earn how to cultivate them. Another question was the remission of interest. Well, he was not afraid to tell them that he was opposed to the proposal to vote. (Loud cheers.) He did not know what the feeling of the selectors here was with respect to the remission of interest; but, looking around him, it would surprise him to be told that i a body of men who had done so well out of their selections were in favour of such an iniquitous pro- i posal. (Cheers.) He did not believe they would go | In to throw their just burdens upon other people. Since the passing of the last Act 7,500,000 acres had been I selected, and that proved that the selectors did not believe that their bargain was a bad one, especially where the selectors in some cases were starving themselves to take up additional conditional purchases. (Cheers.) He had obtained from Mr. Bray, the local land agent, Some statistics with respect to land selections in this district, from which he found that just double the quantity had been selected during the past nine months than was the case during any similar period, and this had been principally selected as additional conditional purchases. That was the best evidence in the world that the selectors were satisfied with their bargain. He knew if he wished to curry favour in some parts of the district he should support the proposal, but he would do nothing of the kind. (Loud cheers.) Men would be found to come forward and promise all manner of wild things, including the intai-tschemo: but these men had nothing to keep He could also come here and promise each elector £1000 a year but the electors would not be fools enough to believe it They were aware that large sums had been spent in roads and bridges, and no sooner was the selector's money received then went for those works Nov., did the selectors think that it this Interest' were gay - up the cost of the work should fall upon the -shoulders of others (from"' Train flu Rivers Department he learned that silo 161 the country had spent in nut and b idea works the conditions sum of 2.6)0 000, which, of course had exhausted the value of 1 under propertY Ino pc ii i then went in statistics to show what had been for at from the gem ral r tenure upon roads without Eckford loin raked to co in bute one penny Fox three unit of biceps had been constructed fifteen and a half miles of pipes laid and in addition, i. 10 000 000 is id been spent in railways since lb 1, making once ¿11,000,000 disbursed over the gas works in chief time for the same period they had alienated 11 000 000 acres of land, so, if all the receipts from this source had come for those works, the buyer would have received their money) h ill He did not mean to say that no one got any, benefit from the i now in except EoleMors, but bull there was the h world in which this of iss largely participated (Cheers ) Another thing against the reims j Mon scheme wit the fact that many selectors had paid up their builder of, this b uno amounting, to £30 780 would it be for these are to those persons the remission were made to other and they did no get their money back Again he was opposed to any legislation which would reduce the once of land It would be a most suicidal policy to flash an enactment tLtit could do so (Cheers) "No one would give 10s an acre for land if the Government reduced its price to do so such a course would have a bad effect He did not think it was the selectors who were going in for this scheme of remission, but mere clap-trap politicians, who cured nothing for the true welfare of the country they were doubtless aware that an attempt had been made by the present Parliament to pass a Chinese Bill against which he had voted, and would do so if, an, us he was never afraid of his vote If the ChniObO were such vile characters as they were pictured, then by all means keep them out 11 they were guilty of the vicious habits ascribed to them, would then he condoned In a £10 poll tax ( He opposed the Parliamentary Privilege Bill for the reason that he did not think any member of Parliament should kio any other pay taxes than the rest of the people Attempts) had been made to give the members have the same privileges as those possessed by the members of the House of Commons, but no one know what the pay lieges of this body were Under a law like that no one could say or do anything, not even a member of Parliament therefore it was well that Parliament did nothing with it Another question in connection with this hill was the attempt of Sir Henry Parkes to make the Upper House elective He was opposed to it as he believed the present destitution u us one of the best in the world it could not be improved very much (Cheers) As to the proposed export duty on wool and coal, ho g ave it his unqualified opposition (Cheers) He believed the Government had never considered the proposal, which seemed to have been thrown together am how Would it have e been en mt able to the of rwnolders or selectors to make them pi v twice for their land because it had been said that they had not paid enough in the first instance a As to the export duty on coal, which had come in the ton or 6d per ton, an acre of good coal land contained about 10,000 tons of coal Yet without the duty much land could not be worked at a profit even then the injustice of the thing was that the copper of the miner, who was perhaps better able to bear the impost, caped and this though there was infinitely more tin and copper exported in Nature than coal With regard to the questions of free trade and protection, he was an out-and-out free-trader (Loud cheers.) Bia ideas of this subject were that it should he carried out in this country. like the ordinary ways of sound business were conducted He would place a light at the entrance to the South Head, and ask all nations to come and engage in unfettered trade with this country (Cheers.) He would do away.) with every atom of import duties and have practical free trade, and not the ghost of it (Applause ) He believed in the idea of having a thoroughly free port, and no sham New South Wales was in the habit of flaunting its free-trade port \ to the rest of the colonies but its states- men ought to pluck the move from their own on ps before they discerned it in those of others Take Engl and as an example, of free trade, and they must admit that she really was what she professed to be (Cheers ) There were only nine im- port duties in force in England, and those were principally Ion led upon articles of luxury, like wines and spirits But in this free trade colony a la rge number of necessaries of life, scarcely one in fact which was not consumed by the poorer classes, had to pay import duties These taxes fell just as he is) upon the man possessed of £100,000 as they did upon the labourer in receipt of £2 per week (Cheers ). If they could not have a free port, let them have the next best thing, let the burden fall upon those best able to bear It (Hear, hear ) Their taxation was about £1 16s per head but it fell upon rich and poor alike, which was altogether wrong He found that jeweller n , musical made amends, and other articles of a similar character came into the country fieootdtit) articles of luxury to the extent of £800 000 per year were imported to tax these things would be no harm and the impost would swell their reNonuo futures considerably The existing tariff, mainly the handiwork of Sir Henry Parkes, who wore the Cobden Club medal, was one that taxed necessaries of life that was con- sistency with a n vengeance, and must control people to reflect upon the ways of our statesmen He (the speaker) voted against the excise duties. He then went on to review the effect of the existing duties upon articles of consumption, he being of opinion that the wearer of the medal had neither right nor reason to flaunt his free-trade policy in the eyes of Victoria before . he really was what he professed to be (Cheers ) Another thing that he was in the our of was a sy atom of local government, and if returned to the next Parliament, he would go in for it (Cheers > 1 he bu loss of their railway s, and post and telegraph offices should not be conducted at a loss, and every man who received a service should pay for it Both the nulwaNS and the post office avoid being carried on at a loss the loss or the latter being mainly caused through the means of tons of nee papers being carried f lee Heobjc ted to this Iheiewere nearly nine millions of papers carried free last year. He knew the old stock argument, that newspapers were educators but 60 were books, yet they were not earned free He thought, in conclusion, that he had now pretty well exhausted his political creed, and would not therefore detain them any longer If the electors thought his views upon the main questions of the day had the ring of honesty if they thought he would proN e an upright consistent member in the house if they thought he would legislate for the benefit of all classes of the people, then they would return him as one of their members it not, they would rologUe him once again to obscurity and a mate he (Loud cheering ) Alderman This then in a few eulogistic remarks, moved that it was the opinion of the meeting that Mr Copeland was a fit and proper person to represent New England in the next Paris ment AMerina i Bliss seconded the proposition, which, on being put by the chairman to the meeting, was declared carried unanimously) Mr J M O'Connell, of St doN, has announced himself as a candidate for Now long and Our Bodalla correspondent telegraphs that Mr W A Manning, of the Eden electorate, addressed a late meeting of the electors at Bodalla on Monday evening, in the hall of the friendly societies, and was well received, in a speech extending on or an hour and a half. He discussed all the main questions of the day, his new 3 on which received the unanimous approval of the electors present Our Gunnedah correspondent telegraphs that Mr. Joseph Palmer -Abbott one of the candidates for that electorate addressed one of the largest must enthusiastic, and most orderly public meetings on Monday evening, ever held in Gunnedah The meeting took place at the School of Mr and the building, was crowded to excess He made a most able and effective speech, which was listened to with marked attention He dwelt at some length on the leading questions of the day and his Mews in each instance were most favourably received He is not favour of the remission or interest on conditional purchases and pledges himself if elected, to work strenuously for the connection of the Great Southern railway. with Sydney) At the eve of his address, which lasted for nearly three horn a a motion was put-' that Mr Abbott is a fit and J Roper [ elson to represent the electorate' fins n us seconded and carried unanimously amidst prolonged cheering His return is considered certain Mr Pigott addressed large meetings of the electors of Canterbury during the last week at Burwood Ashfield Marrickville, Kogarah, and Arncliffe, and in each case was enthusiastically reported He fully explained his political views and during the course of his remarks elicited the frequent approval of his audiences At tho close of each meeting the usual Note of confidence was unanimously) carried, and committees were formed to secure Mr Pigott a election Our Gundagai correspondent telegraphed, last night - Frederick Pinkstone, one of the candidates for Gundi at addressed about one hundred persons, mostly opp in at hore yesternight He declared himself in tax our it nal education and freetrade, and opposed to the remission of interest A vote of confidence of was prop used and seconded, but on being put to the meeting only three hands were held up for it and six against Our Tamworth correspondent telegraphed yesterday) " A large meeting of tree society is w as held last evening at Attunga when a resolution was un minions, (and that they would not say port any candidate 1 Parliament at 61 e North pilling election who was not in favour of a iouubsk ii of interest on RtlOetions Mr R, H Levien addressed a meeting, and was warmly) received, and a most unanimous vote of confidence in him was carried ' Our Blayney correspondent telegraphed, last night A prallnimun meting of Mr Dutton's supporters was held this can cum., the Mayor in the chair, and was largely attended On the motion of C J Graham, seconded by I S Leeds, a resolution was unanimously carried that Mr Dalton was n it and proper person to represent Orange A large and influential committee of was appointed to secure his return Mr Dalton is expected to visit the electorate next week. " Our Orange correspondent telegraphed last night " Mr. Lynch had a most successful meeting here to-night 300 electors being present. The. candidate answered all questions satisfactorily It was proposed by Mr CB Richter, set in God b) Mr Steward, that Mr Lynch was a fit and proper person to represent the Carcoar electorate This was carried without opposition The meeting was held at EuBBttrt'a Ron at Hotel, and Mr Molloy occupied the chair 'A 