Cm'opait Jutelligcntc. IRELAND. Our Laxi> Commission.—KYI.—In the South. [From the Fre.pma/ix Special Commissioners.] 1\ i Imnllock. rI’hui’sda v. lo hoar tlio fugleman or tJio landlords crow | over the wintry sunshine which visited ns last week one would imagine that all that was ac cessary to ensure ail abundant harvest was a few fine days, and that an abundant harvest was all that was necessary to lain" hack the Golden Age in Ireland. Nowitcannot betoo emphatically insisted upon, that in the first place, the harvest which is now mostly reaped and stacked is as had as the worst of its predecessors, and, in the next place, that a had harvest is the least, because the most accidental, of the accumulated misfortunes before which the Irish farmer at this moment stands aghast-. The only crop that involves anything at all like a matter of life and death for the I rish cultivator is the potato crop, and that is as hopelessly rot led and black ened as in 181b—so hopelessly that, iu whole districts the stinking holds will he left undug. l:!ul in 1SI(> 1 rish corn was still a great and paying (Top. To-day Irish corn is annihilated as a matter of export, contemptible even as an addition to the food of the country which raises it. it is the shame of Irish agriculture, but the bitter truth, that three-fourths of our people arc; kept, alive for three-fourths of the year upon food grown at the other side of' the world : that, in fact, if American, ttussian. or ligvptian har vests had failed, us, or the corn laws been sud denly restored, hundreds of thousands of famine graves must have opened this -year in a land which, according to Berkley's calculation, if it were mewed in from the rest of the workl by walls of brass, lias resources enough within its own bosom to support thrice its present population. 1 am not discussing here the reasons why Irish husbandry is becoming a tradition. or why it is that cattle eat the fatness of the land :1 am only noting the fact that a good or a, had harvest can no longer make or mar the Irish farmer. For example, in this great county of Limerick, with its area of (>(>2.000 of the wealthiest acres in the kingdom, the corn crop covers little more Hum 30.000 acres ; a half the whole cultivated area, such as it is. has lapsed into grass even within the past ten years. It. is a serious aggravation of the Limerick farmers’ t roubles that t heir patches of cereals were couched upon the sodden ground for weeks, and when they came to be reaped were reaped with a. liberal intermixture of weeds and rank green second growths : but even if they hud been as fruit ful as ever land agent, ima gined in his greedy dreams, they could not have staved off even for a season the importmmey of the question—can the Irish farmers endure their great shackles and live? For that is what I take to he the question of the hour, and not merely whether a small abatement flung to them like a hone will prolong the agony a. little lon ger. 'There is no use in being mealy- mouthed in times like these, ft is not an affair of the weather, nor of the, crops, nor even of the mar kets alone we are dealing with; it is that a radical revolution is going on all along the line, which in every item of his produce has imposed a crushing weight of new burdens on the Irish farmer without lightening his old. ones one jot ; and, if things arc not, to drift into bankruptcy or desperation, the revolution in the markets must he counteracted by a, revolution in rents and tenure. The cost, of production, so far as the fanner could control it. has been pared down to the last- farthing, yet farming is a bankrupt business, lie has cut down the food of his family to coarse stirabout, he has reduced his labour bill until the labourers see themselves walking straight towards starvation, he lias himself—the farmer of fifty acres as well as the farmer of live—thrown oi£ Iixx coat. where lie lias a coat still impawned. and taken up spade and 7-eaping-hook to save Is (id a day. All will not do. Kent and hunger still ghost him like spectres. It: may lie doubted whether the rich est farm total the most moderate rein in Ireland can pay that rent this year out of honest profits. It is certain that the overwhelming hulk of the small farms, which are both floor and rack-rented up to the eyes, neither can nor will. In cases of tins sort abatements of 10 or 20 per cent, on a half year are simply cups of cold water to wretehes dying on. the rack. The remission of a half-year’s rent will he a substantial present relief, it, will give heart to face the future. But. if that fntxxre should be as the past, it seems to me to be as certain as any law of nature can ‘ be. that rents must: come (town with a rush to at least somethin,”- like the level of (irillith's valua tion ; and when this has come about the land lords will probably begin to think the time is rifie for the one great change which can ever rescue this country from chronic famine—the ownership of the soil by the men who till it. On my way back io the West, through (dare. I have tarried a while in one of the most favoured regions in this island to discover what the Irish land system lias to show for itself under conditions excelled by none in Europe— a soil of almost rank fertility and depth, a continuation of the rich Tipperary vein, enormous capital to begin with, and the keenest intelligence to turn it to account. It seemed as if nothing could he more unlike the woe begone hanvucss of the Gal tee slopes, in whose misery 1 was plunged last week, than the laugh ing green sea-like planes, the sleekly-larded cattle, the solid farmsteads, the enterprising and high- spirited people among whom, my journey lay to-day. There was. 1 discovered, just one bond between them. The bleak shadow of the land system lay over (hem both, and. except that there was more to destroy and that, it will take a longer time to destroy it. J have tnicked its same hateful path of havoc through those smiling plains as among the defenceless cottiers of the Galtecs. It devours capital, it withers up the fruits of the earth, it preys upon all that industry creates, it paralyses enterprise, it stain]is the iron into men's souls, here as well as there. The difference is that, there is a little more [lower of resistance, but a great deal more plunder for overcoming it. It is only after ravening such luscious morsels as it finds here that the vampirelike spirit of the system takes to feeding upon the garbage of the mountains. To show you that this is no idle rhetoric. let me here set forth in brief the condition of Limerick farming at, this late hour of the nineteneth century:—Little more than one-twentieth of the rich surface of the country under culture of' any kind : the rest given over to the raising of unsaleable eat He and of butter which does not pay for its making : thousands of small farms extinguished to make room for same : thousands of acres more rushing back every year into wilderness: cultivation forbidden under a penalty : c;;o0.0()0 of reserved capital spilled out to cover the losses of four losing seasons and keep absentee landlords in their pampered magnificence : the margin of reserves now almost obliterated : ruined crops, heavy debts, idle markets, and unabated rents screwed up with tines beyond the fee-simple value in the da vs of the laud madness. T confess I am not grentlv concerned that the trade of the "big graziers” is gone or going. 1 hero is another excrescence upon flic farming system which 1 find prevailing extensively here, and with which I cannot honestly profess much sympathy. That is, as distinguished from dairy farmers, the class of landless dairymen who hire the produce, of the farmer's stock by the year at so much per cow (generally speaking, at. from £11 to £12 10s) and at the end of the year, with the butter, milk, and calf, make off with their winners.. The plan lias not only the inconvenience of taxing highly rented farms with the support of two sets of families, but the further and still more demoral ising effect of idling the fanner and teaching him to depend upon a. sort of lazy gambling speculation for his bread. It is estimated on all hands that losses of c2 or £3 per cow this year will rule the Limerick dairymen For evermore out of the running. Few- can deplore the result who will most heartily deplore the rough and cruel means, lint my concern is with the masses of the working, struggling, hard-pressed fanners of from one to fifty acres, who are still as 10,500 is to 1(1,500 of the entire number of holders in the county ; who are. mostly dairy fanners because they are forbidden to be cultivators; and as to whom Twill devote this letter to showing (a) that the highest skill in butter-making, operating upon the best. soil, and with the least expensive means, has not sufficed to save them from universal dead loss in this year's balance sheep; and (b) that in the cases of many of them cruel, seasons and falling markets are not as heavy curses as that spirit of aggressive and meddlesome landlordism which drains their blood and blights their spirit. The first proposition is easily proven, and would not need proving at all if it were not that land agents have clutched at the advance in the price of butter within a few weeks of the close of the season, as a proof of the prosperity of the trade, just as they are gloating over every sheaf of grain with a yellow look about it as a proof of the abundance of the harvest. You can sec at a glance from this eloquent little table how the prices of the very best salt butter have stood in the butter-market of this thriving town ; and from the very best you can easily differentiate the bads and middlings :—• July August. 1877\. 1878. LS7D. per cwt. per ewt. per owt. 112s. ffiSs. 7 (is. 110s. lOils. 74s. Nmv. if von will bear with me for a few dry sen tences, 1 hope to show you by actual figures, pre pared and checked by the very best authorities, that at those prices and at present rents, butter making is a, ruinously losing game. The cost of keeping ami feeding cows in a rich dairy district like, this will be very moderately represented at £12 1 Os a year per cow. made up as follows :— Interest on capital (supposing the cows to have been bought at £15 apiece, and the cost of churning machines and other plant to Fie cover ed bv -a2 more), say 15s per cow ; wear and tear bv deaths, exchanges, tec., £2 per cow ; an acre and a half (frequently two acres) of grazing at £2 10s. per acre. £.1 15s. : a ton and a half of hay at £2 per acre. £1> ; one dairymaid per 10 cows at £12 for her wages and £8 for her support, £2 per cow ; and one man in charge at £24 a year, say £1 per cow. Against this £12 10s. (which omits the price of salt, of coal, and of firkins) has to be set simply the price of the. butter and of the calf, with whatever the milk might have in the pig-feed ing account- (which would show equally disas trously if 1 were to detail it.) Lven supposing a calf per cow. its present value in numbers of instances which 1 have come across would be but £2 10s.. from which 10s. lias to be deducted for meal and pollard. 1 am afraid that two 3qr. firkins of butter per cow is a far too. liberal allowance for this years make ; but taking that as the yield, and averaging now the prices actu ally obtained in. different months by different persons who have exhibited to me their returns, 1 am afraid 50s. is an extravagant rather than an under-estimate of the mean price of ordinary unit—making a total income, of it l 1 ()s. against this gigantic outlay—in other words, even strik ing mu altogether the items for labour (with which, in a commercial sense, the producer should be properly debited), .supposing (as lias, indeed, become the case even on farms of eighty or ninelv acres), that the farmer’s daughters arc his daii'vmaids and Ins sons his herds—there still remains in ineffaceable black and white a loss of £5 per cow upon the year’s transactions. And remember that in striking the average l have, made due allowance for the last few weeks’ recovery of prices and for the likelihood of their continuance.'without forgetting, though, ns some of the, landlords’clumsy friends seem to do, that the make of butter is five- sixths over, and that, contemporaneously with the late fillip in prices lias come the first withering breath of winter to burn and brown and shrivel np the grass. Those whose faces wore not ground in better years may have courage and resource left, to grapple: even with losses like these. For those to whom good years brought only extortion, bad years can bring nothing lint ruin. Unluckily, there are not many spots in Ireland where the ogreisli side of Irish landlordism, or rather Irish landagcncv—its itching for small coin, its en vious rapacity, its affectation of despotic airs—• is displayed in more unlovely forms than in this very neighbourhood. In slopping forth to whip it, let. me not lie misunderstood. I make no war upon the landlords as a class. I feel most sin cerely that it is a time of bitter trial for them as well as for their tenants. It is not their fault if the system to which they were born is an ob struction and a curse, in Limerick as every where else, the majority of the landlords are illogieally good. They voluntarily lay down, the arms of injustice which the law put into their hands, and in the teeth of all the laws of the land and of right reason remain obstinately just. But they do so by violating the system, not by practising it. Lot us see how these things are managed by bolder practitioners. I have heard, for example, of a gentleman who. having amassed a fortune by money- lending (flanking, the gods call it) invests some l.tiOO of it in pur chasing the life-interest of a needy old noble man. The place being heavily encumbered, if this nobleman, being very old and very infirm, should have taken it into his head to die. the speculation did not seem to lie a very promising one. But. then, there were a number of leases <in the eve of expiring, and if the old gentleman, should only survive* until they expired, why then an astute speculator could discern some chance of turning an honest penny. Chance favoured the brave. The poor old peer survived, the leases dropped, two of the leases whose family hail dwelt in the neighborhood for gene rations. 'were dispossessed without the smallest reason or ceremony, their rich lands became the new life-proprietor's own. another of the lessees, who had sunk into arrear, was consoled with a viaticum on his way 1o America, and the re mainder were permitted to remain as tenants-at will, upon payment of handsome lint's, although the clever gentleman who extended to them this mercy could offer them no guarantee whatever that, upon the death of the old nobleman in the morning, the tenant-in-tail might not commence once more the process of blood-letting thus in geniously initiated upon tin: carj/v■; vilr of an Irish tenantry. The. experiment was a stroke of genius. Then, again, in another part ol the count v. a. widow with a, very large family, is be reft of her husband. One would suppose that were snflicient calamity for a. spell. But 1ho lease has expired with his death, a practised airent. deeply skilled in the art of raising feudal “■ benevolences ; in all the depression of this fearful time he had the courage of his convic tions a hen vv tine is ordered to be levied for a renewal of the lease-, and at this moment the fate of ihe widow and her sixteen children— cruellv ntllictcd enough already—hangs poised in the balance—whether she; shall submit to terms that will beggar her. or lie driven from under 1 ho roof her husband built, from ou1 the fields which lie loiled all his lifetime to reclaim. The system r>f forced loans, which the English barons resisted wil h iheir blood when it was tried by their Sovereign, is bad enough in all conscience1 in the* brouel nineteenth e'c.ntury : but what will be said of a custom separated by 1he absence of immorality' alone from (lie: most odious feudal pretension of all ! Will it be be liewed that upon at least one great e-state, the tenant who is unlucky enough to have no son. must have the agent "s consent before1, his daughter dares 1n marrv Of all the obstructions of the course of true love which poet or romancist ewer dreamed of—irascible papas, mattev-ol-iact ma mas. rank, interest, jealousy', or whatnot—no bod v excopl an Irish agent has as yet thought of pniliny a yod of tire to (light, by a bailiff from theVstale office. Fancy I’hyilis in the arms of her Oorydon. listing lhat tender, thril ling bale which was first breathed in the eedared alle.vs of Fdeti. her bosom heaving, her cheeks flusiiiny. msy- red. her lips murmuring softly. ‘■Ask—the agent P Fancy Corydon in his Sun day best, shuffling sheepishly inlo the rent-renl office to pop the (picstion. and trotting out his means, his title-deeds, and his shapes, like a sus pected steed under the critical ewe of a vet. Fanev lining accepted by your lady-love and re ject e;d by tlx1 omnipotent agent ! Von need not exert vour fancy, it is the bare, and hitter reality of life. 1 was informed of one ease where an exeeedimrly eligible parlv has been for several months imploring the agent in vain to say the word. The day upon which I visited the1 (list riel, i hi; poor ymmy folk were once more (metaphori cally speaking, if not really) on their knees be fore1 their obdurate master: and 1 am afraid there1 is still ihnibt whether their little romance wil) end in the proper 1 hre-c-volume-novel de nouement. I will not comment on this system. Take1 another little development of Limerick land-lordism. There are two extensive rural parishes not far from Kilfinane, which are al most entirely owned by two great Protestant proprietors. ‘ The priests of these two parishes are obliged to reside1 outside their parishes —two of them at a distance of two miles from their nearest parishioners — because they cannot, pro cure a residence anywhere or upon any terms within the boundaries of their parishes, although several desirable houses which were denied to them are scattered over these estates. These are all examples of frisky despotism, as it were, at play. Let us examine a little of its more serious work. Some miles north of this town, in a vein of indifferent land, lies a small estate! split into three dairy farms. Within the last couple of years the rents have been swept up at heroic strides. One tenant of 70 Irish acres, whose rent used, to be the respectable figure of f:2 2s per acre or .-C 1 19 (the poor law valuation being !: 10<>), was loaded with an increase of 9s per acre, that is to say, .ClSO instead of 1:149. Another, whose valuation for 42 acres is ;!;(>4 las. had his rent raised from .C75 12s to Cl 12. The third, a widow-.whose HO acres used to bear the enormous rent of £2 1 Os an acre, was forced to pay .CHS where she had paid C7(» before. Jfere are tenants of the very highest respectability, skill, and industry. Their tale of utter despair was one of the most, pitiful I ever heard.. They ex hibited to me from their own books the utter wreck of all their little argosies, llutter short nearly a firkin : losses of between ,-CH and C4 per eown some of their calves dead, others on their hands unsaleable : their potatoes so rot ten as not to repay the digging: their upland hay rubbish: their scanty sera]is of cereals worlh little more than the expense of sowing and sav ing them, their rents unpaid and not by any possibility to be paid, for the host of all reasons: their servants dismissed every one; their neat looking wives and daughters doing the whole labour of the household, of the dairy, even of binders in the lields: themselves in their flannel jackets, reaping-hook or spade in hand: their thoughts running: from one desperate net of losses to another, like trapped prey. INote.— I am informed that since the day f visited this dis trict— I do not mean for a moment to imply jmst hoe enjo propter hoe—the proprietor paid a personal visit to the estate, and allowed abate ments equivalent to a remission of the amount to which the rents had been increased: but from all I hat 1 have seen and heard. T have mis givings that the grace has come too late. And now let me give you one last specimen of the line art. of agency —perhaps the most extraordinary of all. Close to this ancient town, the scene of so much vanished splendour and so much living enter prise and vigour, the farm, upon which the stately ruins of the I tominican Abbey stand its Cromwell's wreckers left them, is tenanted by a. widow of the. very highest respectability. Upon a holding of 2h Irish acres, the poor-law valua tion of which is .Clio, the retd: was raised from 4:90 to C9(i. being in round numbers an impost of ,C J per acre nil round, including at least two -waste acres which are covered by the ruins, the river- bed. and the road ! Across the road, upon 1 he properly of a middleman who is not likely to lavish his land at a sa.criflce. the rent is 1:2 10s per acre upon land which is not one whit less deep a ml creamy pasture. This poor woman has struggled with more than the courage of a. man against this merciless load of rent which is yearly pressing Iter deeper and more deeply down. I saw her acre and a half of oals. and in poverty, in greenness, in weed in ess it would have done discredit 1o the CaHees. There1 are portions of the farm which would yield a richer return to cullivaf inn : but site durst not break ground without the agent's fiat', and after that almigbfy nod was for a few seasons vouchsafed the permission was suddenly and finally recalled, for fear of wounding tin1 place's reputation as a grazing-ground. Here, therefore, with her six teen cows and 1 heir depreciated produce, pressed by debts and losses. 1 his woman, who supports a largo family upon the most meagre tare, who dresses as humbly as a peasant- woman, who keeps no servant, who. herself and her children, toil from daylight to dark in the most menial otlices. has to squeeze, and borrow, and pinch, and fret to raise tin1 bloated revenue of r| an acre for a, man who docs nothing fortiio land. Her eldest son is. it appeal's, slipping into decline. "It. killed the. father." siie said, gloomily. '■ 111 is -weary si niggle, and 1 am afraid it will kill the son.” Is t here no possibility that the system under which such things are possible may first die t he death 