U , DPPER WARBREOO. [oo: tcO Ot OWN OOBRESPOXtDEOT.J "Ninm hundred head of catle (bulloche) from De gihbos in charge of Mr. Thomes Gabin, in file con ditiba, passed Oowric caltic elation last week (23rd) ; the'are en soute for Ardochl. I hear that two more niab ares on tle road--viz, 250 store cattle from Isar;lld; and a mob of 500, the property of Mr. m- mecting ol thIe Divisional Board for this distriet WA held at the Court-house on Boturday, the 27th. Mr. Okcden, sen., was appointed clerk at en salary of t5 per annum. Mr. M'Farlone, of Charleville, eaDlid for the situation of valuatlor, but was informed ahat:the applieation was premature, as no such oeice w. ~ rs yet in.extlaence. It was ultimately arranged ib i'pont'bne, and call for tenders. .EErythling remaine vary quiet. The men lho "tlini up" Claverton Downs statlion, took rations, and -sade the cook prepare what Ihey required, were ibdieled for ragrancy, and were sentenced to six montha.paeh from Cunnamulln. a't the fate af Wells is settled ere thlis, I may now sj that there is a precedent from this very dilstrict for Seyeutiaaimh. It may be remembered that nbott ten yrs argo a German eluck up a Mr. Boker, publican, ir his iwn house, at what was then called Ilubligiere, about thirty miles below Chlarlevillo. ltaker, alho was Ui;lind his counter in ithe bar, went into his bedl-room op pretence of getting his money, but I id his hand upon a gun; the moment the robber perceived thIis, havipg him covered, he fired at and wounded him in the rcgp. The ball lodged in the spine; it was afterwards artraeted, nltd laker is, or was very recently, "nIll alive and kicking." Mr. Edward Bradley, sen., oap. thred the would-be mr!eaicer, alo was sentlenced to delb' arid exerutled. Tie diihirence in thie ease of the -erman end Wells is this-tIht lthe former fired two or three times, leaving, thleriefore, lile or no doubt of liie intention. Wells was undoubtedly u very slippery e stfomer. and 6 very dangeroua mans. It is generally known that ha escauped twice previously from theI 9auaeculand police, but perhapD E it. is not eO generally Inorown that he also twic euverceded in omahkitC tis reapa whaen in cuslody of thle ?ew South Weirs police-for lors-esteanling, I thik, h Ie was very closely woteltad o? Cutnnamulla, trar ctansctitles brielg sait from Chalrle.ille, wlo raccompanii MNr.Thoraatao , dar' 'inreelor. olottwilahtlding lhls, durin aboaut. a Ialf linor's ntaelenroe of I he rergeant, Cntle nblc hiroaal'y, aise of the < harlcillt cantitagent, on entering the cell, diascorerd Ilta We'lls hair go eirl both ot hin Ioarndeflls ahd Ig-irnsa; on tlhe reurna of tale cergeatat tir laotter aere welded on. 'iRe weather keeps fine, wilh hot doays far thie time osjrear, and delicaoushly cotl enights ond mnornitags laCera is, hoao?tr, verr rtapiad a'rtloreatioa, and lth hse--c.f wlich there ijs a grat alltaanlace-is l?atin turning brown, end thle wlter rapidly disaeppenring frin the waterhlole, lthouelh tihere is little fear of auy Preity for some time to come. On tlibe ecarion of visits of certain ytuoag Water fords to Clharlceville, tlhat rising townshlip becomes Ilae ieene of sumberless praelienl j.?ce. At oste imec tlhe birber'a pole-- renerab!e ilstlitution to announoce tgaht be is also cEirurgeon as well t' a pnall-drreaer, and which etnbles himt to diept!ay his IaeCaliat arl by restor. log tiae breaken haads el thaoe a' Itarun aagaitnl thi trap-disappears, und is discortred oa thle topa of an hjtel or boarding house. At anoter,, a frlseh arrirln green lcheriot is painted hilttheto Itla asa?lling ol atll ye, and frighltens young ladies, who iught to Ihave been at Ihome, porinag in the night, into " atg'lu" file," ahinlting they have srten a ghost. Againi,the recentlly purchesed buaggy of a recntly-mtarried gentlemon in the eiril elrvice, of much slastoo h and orere ditniaty, ik'lost, and aftr a moset tetions trrcth is disarovered sit the bottom ola wualrhtle ulpwatrda ol 2Ofr.in dellthl, aod with much dillioulty got out. Surely it is a want of ehivalry on tIhe part of the jokers to deprire a bride in delicate health of her " airings out" before the con. clusion of the " boneymoon." At soany rate, the bride groom would seem to think so, as, I am informed, I;he hise offered a reward of £20 for such information an will lead to the discovery of the offenders. Little hins been doing of late in the Police Court; lihough last week a case was heard with some interest and much mirth-Bell v. Whiskey. lir. Charles Talbot Bell is bkiliff, and fifty other things besides, a married man included; Mr. WlhiEkey is a boot and sehoe maker, formerly of Romn. Whilst there he became indebled some £t7 or £20 to the firm of Skinner nid Bussett. After his remornl to Chlrlosille, reverel app!ications for the settlement of the account iere made to Whiskey, and, no catisfeetry answer beiog received, Skinner and Basseett sued him for tihe ami,uat,cot a nerdictin full, lwhichltheylforwanrdedtoMr. Bell, who was to get eilher the " cash down"or put on enecution in the lnouse. Thie money was not forthcom ing; tihe eecuation was put in; but the bailiff found nnlhing to seize. ThieWhiskeye, euspecting wabt wduld take place, had "planten" sheir goods; but Charles TIalbot Bell, who in a genirs in more ways thnn one, " eprung their plant," seized the thinge, and proceeded to deal with th.m " as the law directs." Now, Mrs. Whiskoey is a lady of"sperit," ans hier name denotes, and is a notire of lthant unfortunau?te island which is so much ofillieted with lnglibsh misrule, famines, and political agitators, and site poured forth the vials ot hier rath in thie most beautiful brogue imaginable, curesing Mr. Bell and M'rs. Bell (even Joshua could wrot have made ler tongue " stand still") and all the Bells "up hilll arid down dnle," "right and left," backwards and for'ords, and tloso behind and " thim right forninst ye." Mr. Bell Ihad no tongue to matce lire. Whikey)'s; a ring was therefore called for aid formed, and the affair settled. for the moment. No "treble bob manjoi" wpes rung, for Mrs. Whiskey anocklod Mr. Bell down with a loig brush at the " first go off," mid was declared victor. The rordict of tie Court, however, was, that shie should he fined £1, to be' paid forthithl, together with "epenses, to Charles T. Bell. Mrs. Whiskey, nothing daunted declaree "on lher sollim oath," she'll "ring tihe chloinges out the - ould ecoundril yit." Verily Mrs. Whiskey is a sperited lady. Charleville still continues to progress rapidly for a bush town situated so far inland. I hear Mr. Walter Flood is coing to build a house and reside in the town. A lir. Kennedy is a new arrival, and has bought some house property from Mr. R. A. Skinner, who is at present in Charleville on a visit. Mr. Knnnedy has also bought some blocks of land on the Wellwater Creek from Mr. Thomaes Hennessy, pub. licsn; this land adjoins Mlr. Bradley's splendid little run. Beveral young ladies, as distinguished for their beauty as their youth, have elso arrived to grace the distriet; thlough, I presume, they will not long re. flia "in single .blessdned s ;" for a young lady to arrive in Clharleoille may be as certain of being married as thlough she, were walking up to the altar; or in the presence of any lay gentleman licensed to "tie the knot"-which knot does not seem to be by any means binding on their consciences, if we may judge by a recent rexample or two. How the proverb " marriages are made in heacven" can be said of these civil joinings, at which not one word of religions lancoage is used, or " Whom God bathl joined to gether let not man put asunder," beats my: small amount of logie to unravel. They are, if one many speak from (not personal) experience, simply looked upon by the contreacting parties os legal concubinage, and are in fact considered by some nothing more. Father Dunnam, from Roma, is onoa misseionary tour at present in the north.western parts of the dis. triot. ?e last week weas at tIhangowan (Burenda), when two children, one the first.born of Mrs. M'JlEy, sister to lirs. Cavanagh, publican, of that township, the dilt.o of Mrs. George Brassington,ofaocattle station on the Yo Yo, were christened. The happy mammas were " churcbed," and festivities such as the time al lowed of were indulged in. Ten thlousand sheep left Gowrie station (Charlcville) last week for Melbourne, Mr. Hewitt in charge; Mr. Goddard (no relation to Arabella), reporter. On account of lMrs. Smith's firmness, grog still reo maoins at sixpence per nobbler, and Ibe audacious attempt " to rob n poor manof his"-eay, other sin* pence-is a melancholy failure. Well, there is plenty of water instheWarrego; but, fo' my own part, I think " it is better to leavse the well alone." April 6. 