NEW YEAR'S EVE. The principal streets of the city were occu pied by large crowds on New Tear's Eve. Bundle-street particularly put on its Saturday night's face as far as the passenger traffic was concerned. Very few shops, however, were opened, with the exception of those of the butchers, tobacconists, frniterers, and of a few o$ the drapers and general furnishers. Until the moon had risen to a sufficient height to illumine the street the dense masses of moving humanity wore a somewhat sombre aspect, except here and there where a brilliant patch of light was projected on to the pavement from some hotel or shop. In Bundle street the York Hotel lights, and in Hindley street the lights of Mr. Hanton, fruiterer, were the most noticeable. A very peculiar same ness was to be observed in all the butchers' shops. Their decorations in greenery and ornamental scrolls were seen in all their pristine vigour, but where were the huge rounds of beef which last week graced the shop boards ? Where were the plump turkeys, gaunt geese, dainty ducks, and other specimens of poultry which but last week so feelingly appealed to every Christmas keeper's pocket ? They had vanished. The flaring gas-jets only shone upon bare boards and empty meat- hooks, save here and there where a despised shin of beef or a discarded string of sausages dangled despondently as if they felt that their mission in the world was still un accomplished. The various places of amuse ment were not well filled, people following the custom of New Year's Eve long since established in Adelaide of promenading the streets with a determination worthy of a better cause. The bells were tolled at various intervals of the evening, but inconsistently with the popular idea of the proprieties the chimes were rung long before midnight, until which period the orthodox would only desire to hear them toll. Watch-night services were held at Christ Church, North Adelaide, at the Kent Town Wc&leyan; Church, and at other sacred edifices. As the night wore on the crowds decreased slightly, but became more demonstrative, many groups of persons who had evidently been keeping up the New Year, in a manner that is as ludicrous as it is well established every now and then bursting forth spontaneously into cheering without any visible cause what ever except their own abnormal ex citement. The Military Band, under the conduct of Mr. Ougbton, promenaded the principal streets playing popular airs. They assembled at 9 p.m. and first marched to Govern ment House, in front of which they played the National Anthem. His Excellency Sir W. F. D. Jervois came out and briefly addressed the Band, happily touching upon the festive season, and concluding by wishing every one present "A Happy New Year." Three cheers were given for Her Majesty, His Excellency, and for Lady Jervois. The Band then serenaded Colonel Downes, His Worship the Major (Mr. E. T Smith, M.P.), and Major Godwin. It had been their intention to play in front of the houses of several other distinguished citizens, but want of time prevented this being done. The Band marched, playiDg the while popular airs, to the Town Hall, in front of which build ing they arrived when the old year was within ten minutes of giving up the ghost. A large crowd followed them, and when a halt was made the street in front of the Town Hall was thronged with spectators. An undercurrent of joviality was pre-eminently noticeable, and soon manifested itself in cheers, which were given for anythingand fornothing. As the Post-Office clock struck the knell of the par ting year theBand struck up the National Anthem, completely drowning the sonnd of the twelve expiring gasps of the year 1879. After this "Auld Lang Syne" and the " Song of Australia" were played, the crowd vociferously cheering, and one or two slightly elevated individuals dancing a reel meanwhile. After this theBand disbanded, but it was a con siderable time before the streets were reduced to their normal quietness. 