JËusie and tlie Lyric Stage. ÏINCE we last wrote, tho pianoforte recitals anc Soneerts in tho Garden Paiace have been so numerous that a special critique ripon eaoh would occupy toe inucb of our space. Hence, wc shall here refer onbj to those of them which wo consider the most ini portant. Signor Giorza recently gare a recital on tho Chiokor lng pianos, exhibited by Messrs. Barron, Moxham, anc Co., in tho American court. He played a number ol jpiecos on tho Chickoring grand piano, and a nutnbei pf others on one of tho Chickeriug cottage pianos. Th« toleces Beleotod for performance were well adapted tc .äieploy two opposite qualitios in a piano, namely Immense power and great sweetness. Thc formai finality is possessed by the Chickering grand 'Sae latter quality by tho Chiokotiug cottage, J&.B Signor Giorza is known to bc tv fin( player further comment is rmhecossary. .Misa E. North continues her recitals both on thc toffióial platform and in the gallery over the Brjtisl Ïioort, on tho Pohlman pianos. The fine qualities oi hese instruments are now ao well known that w« inesd not again desoribe thom. Miss North's pro ferammoB usually comprise choice selections from tin Tong list of piano solos now procurable. She intro iJuces many novelties to the publie, and what sht tipdertakoa to do »he usually does woll. We know Certainly that she reads music at sight just as oasilj fes our readers can read this article, and that is more than we feel warranted to say of some other players. Miss Kate Barton also occasionally gives a recital or tho Pohlman pianos in the gallery over the British Court. She has a light elastic tonoh, consider' lible execution, and in airs varied, places th« Äir - very prominently before the listener. Verj few pianists who undertake to play what arc called variations do this. Mr. C. B. Fostei land Madame Lamal aro exceptions, for wbei they play variations they present the air HO prom! iuently to the ear that the listener perceives it with out any mental oflbrt. Soino pianists, however, per form variations in each a slovenly manner that thc Intellect of the listener is continually setting forth jon its travels to find out, if possible, wherever in thc iriiderncBB of sound the air is hiding. Such players tiro defective in their time, no matter how much they toiay be be-puffed in venal prints, and by partial ana incompetent critics. . In tho nave of the French court, on Wednesdaye 'And Saturdays, Madame Lamal, assisted by Mr, 'Moonen, give pianoforte and harmonium recitals in Connection with Bord's semi-grand pianos, exhibited jby Mr, Elvey. The lady usually playo with great brilliancy and skill, and her programmes mostly oom jpriBO very choice and classical pieces. Mr. Moonen's extemporising on the piano is very much admired, "and usually consists of some little romance trans lated into sound, or Borne soft and suggestive melody which the harmonium, skilfully played, pour3 forth On the surrounding air. The harmonium, under Mr. ?Moonen's.hands, is quite a differont instrument to ."what it seems to bo under tho hands of ordinary players. , Recently a recital, in connection with Robert Wor xtum's pianos, exhibited by Mr. Page, took place on tho bfficial platform. Mies Maud Fitz-Stubba, Signor ' Ortori, and Mr. Vernon Reid were the performers. T:ho programme comprised Alard'sFantasiaBrillianto ©n air« from the Daughter of the Regiment, which, .'Xvhen finoly played, ia almost suflioient to ensure the "fcuccoss of a concert. Unfortunately for our own ?jBnjoyment, wo had treasured tip in memory the Splendid rendition of this fantasia by Jonny Claus, . lind could not help comparing: it with the rather tame . performance of the piece by Signor Ortori. The vio linist, however, made amends in the imps dance by .Marzorati, tho music .of which being full of techni cal difficulties afforded the player ample ¿cope for the display _ of brilliant execution. ,He was ably accompanied by Miss Fitz-Stubba. She latter played Gotsehalk's Spanish Dance, and Several other pieces, as piano solos, and Mr. Vernon Reid Bang one ef his well-known songs, and, aa is psually the case when he sings, brought down tho House. There was a large audience, and tho peT Zormers were much applauded. Miss Hyam also ro "cently gave a brilliant recital on the official platform cn the concert grand Erard, exhibited by Paling and Co. Tho programme was oheice, and thc rendition of lt excellent. On Monday last a most agreeable recital or con cert took place in tho German oourt, iu connection :Wifch tho Bluthner pianos exhibited by MessrB. .Huenerbein and Co., of Pitt-strect. The opening . number, a grand duo on airs from " Trovatoro," was charmingly played by a young lady amateur and Mr. .C. Huenerbein. A cornet solo, " Ave ¡Maria," by Bohuborfc, was play od with softness and delicacy by Mr. M'Mahon. Mr. Hodge contributed a fine solo for tho saxophone on nirs from "Robert;" Signer Ortori a violin Bolo by Vieuxtonips, which was splen ' aidly played ; Mr. J. W. Melrose a flute solo by ; INiohoison ; and Mr. C. Huenerbein a piano solo by . A.Bchor, on airs from "Lucia." There were other pieces in addition to the above, most of which wore ' nicely played. Tho audience was not so largo as . audiences usually aro at Mr. Huenerbaiu's recitals, . but tho music on the whole was tar above mediocrity. The entertainments at Kelly nnd Leon's Opera House oontinuoto attract fair houses. Tho panto 1 jaime at the Royal has been withdrawn, and " Struck > Oil:" is now filling thehouso nightly. Mrs. and Mr. ? "Williamson's performances in this drama are too Well known to all play-goers to require any praise from us. The fact that tho house . is filled by the performance is the highest ...praise the drama and tho performers in . jit can receive Messrs. Baker and Farron have " departed by the Orient, steamer, for London. They intend to open in Liverpool, and thenco will travol .^through England and Amorica. Their object ib, of '. course, to make money and obtain now business, and . Tvhen they have obtained it they hiteud to return to . ¿he colonies. . The pantomime at the Victoria Theatre continues ' to attract full houses, and there are at prosent no .' signs of its popularity beginning to wane. Tho Queen's Theatre is fillod to overflowing nightly by delighted audiences. The performances of tho 'Loftus Troupo aro very attractive, and blend tho comic with the sentimental in a superior style. The most important musical event of tho week lins Undoubtedly been tho concert which took placo on . ^Thursday night, at thc School of Arts, under the .auspices of tho celebrated violinist, Camilla Ureo. ? Great expectations wore entertained respecting tho .tooaderiul skill of this distinguished artist, and ouriosity ßtood on tiptoo to BOB her and hear her.0 _ Well, sho has como, sho has played to us, and has V Won nar audionco completely. The concert could »ot fail of being successful ia.a musical sense, con sidering tho talontod artists who took part in it. ïhe opening numbor was a symphonic poem repre senting tho dance of death, in whioh what is supposed jobean infernal waltz is played, to whioh ghosts, . and epeotro8, and all othor monstrous and prodigious ihiaga, . Gorgons, and hydras, and ohisnooras dire, ?? ere supposed to danoe. Saint BaenB ia the author of this tono pictnre, "which ho has transcribed for two pianos. Tho piece was magnificently played by Messrs. Sanret and Scherck, but, although the pro gramme judiciously prompted our imagination by assuring us that tho music represented a wintry wind blowing through the forest, tho great heat of tho room prevented na from i'uliy realising tho author's conceptions. If tho wind had only blown into the School of Arts wo phould have hob-nobbed with the ghouls, and have felt grateful to Saint Snens. The second num ber was tho well-known romaneo, " Spirito Gentil," from iia Favoriti, whioh was splendidly sung by Signor Paladini. The march from Tannkausor, transcribed by Li*zt, followed, tho performer being Mr. Auguste Sauret, who fairly roused his audience into a state of enthusiasm by his epirited rojidition of this fine transcription. He had to submit to an encore. Then Bishop's song, "Lo ! hero the gentle lark," was Bweotly sung by Miss Jenny Sargent, and, with " Bobin Adair " as an encore song, served as a sonorous prelude to thc event of the evening, "The WitoheE' Dance," by Paganini, played by tho renowned Camilla Urso. This' .performance convinced us that Camilla is a witch herself, for no ono unskilled in the mysteries of caulirenB, blasted heaths, and all the other otcetras of «tage diabolism, could possibly play tho violin as this lady p'ayed it. The performance was a grand exhibition of all the higher qualities of a great musical oxoautant, dis playing complete master ovor the instrument, elegance in bowing, roundness end fineness of tone, Rccuraoy in time, perfection in respect to tune, along with all those mtbestio qualities without which the mero technique and mechanism of playing becomes soulless and uninteresting. Camilla Urso is unquestionably a great player, and will, no doubt, command large audiencos wherever her abilities aro known. Her second solo on Eussian airs, arranged .by Wieniawski, presontod another phase of her artistic power to the andiene«. Her violin transformed .commonplace molodies into enchanting airs, some of hor notes, especially those produced in tho third and fourth positions, being of such celestial quality that tho word divine is tho only word wo know of which would fitly describe them. She was rap turously encored, and then played the " Last Rose of Summer" in a stylo that fairly enchanted her audience, when she had to fiubmit to another oncaro, iu rosponso to which she played a lively piece, the title of whioh we do not know. The violin she plays on is a grand instrument, equal in all its strings, oapablo of omitting a great volumo of tone, sweet to the listening ear as ambrosia is to the lips of the gods, and undor tho groat artist's bow, is seemingly a thing of life. The stylo of this great player is ologawt and refined, and like all the great forces of nature, she producás grand effects with but slight expenditure of power. Wo may say that wo novor heard anything so sweet as tho melodiös which this graceful and accomplished lady can pour forth from her violin on tho surrounding air. Wc regret to record tho death, at his residenco, Ashfield, on Tueßday, of Mr. 1). Nicol, an old and ' respected member of tho firm of Cowan and Co., papor manufacturers, of Edinburgh and London and Sydney. Mr. Nicol managed the Sydney business for many years. Tho CRESWICK ADVERTISER states that a dreadfni < case of shooting took placo at Clunes on Saturday afternoon, when a young man, named Pasco,, shot another, named Ewon,ovor money matters. The caso , was reported as likely to provo fatal. Pasco surron- ! dered himself to thc police. j In reference to our cablegram of the IS th inst., on the subject of floating of a three-million loan being deferred, owing to a dispute about the minimum to be fixed, we find that it is the South Australian, and not the Queensland loan that was referred to. Thc hon. the Postmaster-General of Queensland, who is acting as Colonial Treasurer, wires us to tho effect that tho Government never contemplated offering the loan before March. We have beon shown a very handsome silvor trowel, with carved ivory handle, and n mallet of crocus wood, with silver inlaid plate, which ia to bo presented to Mr. Thomas Brown, J.P., of Lithgow, on the occasion of tho ceremony of laying thofounda tion-stono of the now Lithgow School of Arts,_ on Saturday. The trowel is a very handsomo piece of workmanship, and is appropriately engraved, and , ia given to Mr. Brown by the committee as a testi- j mony of their admiration of hi« munificence in eo i largely aiding iii tho incoption of tho institution, j The trowel and. mallet were designed and made by Mr. H. Forster, jeweller, of George-streot, nour ! -Bathurst-streel, and the artioles reflect great credit j on his skill and workmanship. The seventh annual session of the New South1 Wales and Queensland Conf crenco in connection ^i ;h tie Wesleyan Church, commenced last Wednesday night in the Centenary Church, York-ßtreet. Tho president (.the Rev. Joseph Orara) occupied tho j ohair, and made the usual valedictory address. Ile then called on the Rev. Dr. Kelynaok, the pro- j sidont olecfc, who made a lengthy address, in which he referred to tho status of tho Wesleyan Church, and said :-" Regarding the development in point of numbers, the results aro such as aro calculated to provoke our satisfaction and to claim our gratitude. Twenty-five years ago wo had 44') churches ; now, taking"tho returns of the last general conference ns our guide, we have 2104; then we had 99 ministers, now wo have 423 ; then wo had 429 sabbath schools, now we have 2478 ; then wo had 19,613 scholars, now we have 131,183 ; then wo had 17,897 church members, now we have 57,074 ; then wo had 82,511 attendants , nt public worship, now wo have 331,862 ; then we had f no colleges, now we have 4, added to which there are our training institutions j while tho Press is repre sented by four vigorous weeklies, or one in connec tion with eaoh conference. Hore, then, within, com paratively speaking, so short a space wo have a growth in all our great church interests, whioh wc do well to mark." After tho usual votes of thanks, the conference adjourned till nest day. 