POETRY. OURSELVES AND THE ANCIENTS [By Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes.] At the celebration of the one hundredth anniver sary of the American Academy of Arts and Science, Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes read the following poems prefacing it with the remark that he took up the first volume of the records of the Academy and ran over' a list of papers to see what they were thinking and talking about in those times; and that the result of this search furnished the argument of his verses ] Sire, son and grandson; so the country glides: Three lives, three strides, three footprints in the sand; Silent as the midnight's falling meteor slides Into the stillness of the far-off land; How dim the space its little arc has spanned ! See on this opening page the names renowned Tombed in these recordB on our dusty shelves, Scarce on the scroll of living memory found, Save where the wan-eyed antiquarian delves; Shadows they seem; ah, what are we ourselves ? Dear ancient schoolboys ! Nature taught to them The simple lessons of the star and Sower, Showed them strange sights; how on a single stem Admire the marvels of Creative Power!— Twin apples grew, one sweet, the other sour. How from the hilltop where our eyes behold In even ranks the plumed and bannered maize Bauge its long colnmns, in the days of old The live volcano shot its angry blaze Dead since the showers of Noah's watery days; How, when the lightning split the mighty rock, The spreading fury of the shaft is spent; How the young scion joined the alien stock, And when and where the homeless swallows went To pass the winter of their discontent. Scant were the gleanings in those years of dearth, No Cuvier yet bad clothed the fossil bones That slumbered, waiting for their second birth; No Lyell read the legend of the stones; Silence still pointed to her empty thrones. Dreaming of orbs to eyes of earth unknown, Herschel looked heavenwards in the starlight pale; Lost in these awful depths he trod alone. Laplace Btood mute before the lifted veil; 'While home-bred Humboldt trimmed his toy-ship's sail. No mortal feet these loftier heightB had gained Whence the wide realms of nature we descry; In vain tbeir eyes our longing fathers strained To scan with wondering gaze the summits high That far beneath their children's footpath's lie. Smile at their first small ventures as we may, The schoolboy's copy shapes the scholar's hand, Their grateful memory fills our hearts to-day; Brave, hopeful, wise, this bower of peace they planned, While war's dread ploughshare scarred the suffering land. Child of our children's children yet unborn, When on this yellow page you turn your eyes, Where the brief record of this Mayday morn In phrase antique: and faded letters lies, How vague, how pale our flitting ghosts will rise ! Yet in our veins the blood ran warm and red.l For us the fields were green, the skies were blue, Though from our dust the spirit long has fled, We lived, we loved, we toiled, we dreamed like you, Smiled at our sires and thought how much we knew. Oh ! might our spirits for one hour return. When the next century rounds its hundredth ring, All the strange secrets it shall teach to learn, To hear the larger truths its years shall bring, Its wiser sages talk, its sweeter minstrels sing! 