OElGCHALGO_fi£E$roNDENCE. ARCHDEACON INNES' theology. .0 2!o the Editor of the HataUlon Spectator. Sir, — Once more Mr. Editor I crave a small space in yonr valuable journal to vin dicate myself from toe charge of ' blundering monstrously" preferred against me by the: Archdeacon '> in eupposihg that the sin of : ftnanias was a breach of the Ainr.h Gommand- ment," but more especially "to ahow Mr. Inues' erroneous views on the "Judgments of. God." Mr. Tones in the opening .worda of his letter and throughout his epistle, poors a torrent of abuse an me and all whohave the couiageio esqiresa views opposed to hie own. I certainly did expect that -Mr. Innes, as an Archdeacon of the Chnteh of EogUuid, would topvi- a more Christ-like .irit.. Roma of toe most saintly men that ever adorned .toe Christian Church were; Ministers of toe Church of England. I, have in my own limited experience met ajidmber belonging to ' this church who appeared by their holy walk and conversation to breatheafaeavenly atmo sphere, -and' who by their meekness, gentie- ness, and lowliness of mfori, gave undoubted evidence of having taken the yoke of Christ upon than ; Mr. Tones I sun' afraid has not been taught in the same School as these, so : much toe worse for those nnder his influence who will not exercise toe right of private judgment, hatpin thrirfeithtohis deeve. Thp Archdeacon as you will remember did nstteu)gfonn»4 one Scpi»J ft \ogKfl argument, and toe only arientifir. argument , . he used in suppoft of his viewB is most fotile. , , There are two pmnte : npim which F yrould take upon myself to disagree with toe Arch deacon, I hope therefore, Mr. Editor, tost as I Mr. Innes has challenged me to prove my j doctrines, yon, as a true Englishman and lover of fair play will give me an oppor- i t unity of bringing forward additional proofs 1 to those stated in my.formet letter. < L First of all in regard to the Arohdeacon'a interpretation of toe Nmth Commandment — " Thou ahalt not bear false witness against toy neighbour." concerning the meaning of - which he says that I " blonder monstrously " in affirming that Ananias and Sappbira broke tfi ic mtnm.ti4m.tit by -telling, a falsehood. In the Church of Kngland Catechism, which is to be ieamedby candidates forconfirmatiqn, the Ninth Commandment is interpreted as forbidding " evfl speaking, lying, slandering." ' Hie' late Dr. Charles Hodge of Princeton, the prince of modern I theologians, says in Us exposition of the Ninth Commandment 44 This Com mandment forbids all violations of the obliga tions of veracity. The simplest and. most comprehensive definition of falsehood is .en- ttnaaiio falei. This enunciation need not he verbal. A sign, or gesture, may be as i significant as a word. If, to borrow PaJey's illustration, a man is asked which of two roads is the right one to a given place, and he intentionally points to the wrong one, he is as guilty of of falsehood a .if be had given the wrong directions in words. This is tine ; , nevertheless there is a power peculiar to words. A thought, a feeling, or a conviction, 1 is not more clearly revealed in the conscious ness when clothed in words, bat it is thereby strengthened. Every . man feels. this when he says, ' I believe,' or I know that My Re deemer liveth. ' " The sin of Anamas is stated in toe 3rd and 1 4th verses of the fifth chapter of the Acts : — < " But Peter said, Why both Satan filled thine heart to lie to -.the Holy Ghost, and to keep back part of the price -of the land? Whilst it remained was it not thine own, and after it was sold, was it not in thine own power? Why hast thou con ceived this 9img in thine heart? Thou host not lied onto men. but onto God." Tbe tin with which Peter, who was under Divine guidance, charged Ananias, was " lying unto the Holy Ghost'-' — "lying unto God." --Of; i coarse the sin of sacrilege was inseparably connected withtoat of lying, in professing to consecrate all to God, and at .the same time, keeping back part iff the price of toe laqpL The Archdeacon may say to all this, that I am "blundering monstrously." Well, if so, I am fonnd blnndeiingin very good company, I can easily imagine how those who believe in menial reservation and pious hands, could, charge me with ." blundering monstrously'fth the interpretation given of the Ninth Com mandment. but Z cannot see how a dignitary of the Church of England can make such an unfounded charge, rnW indeed, he is Rome--. 2\. The second point upon which toe Arabr deacon haa spoken so rashly and' bolnly deserves special notice, namely, " The Judgments of God." The Archdeacon affirms most emphatically that he believes in the " national and, individual jndgments of the Almighty." -"No man," says he, "can hold , more firmly than I do that the laws of God' cannot he broken with impunity eitheF in this world or toe world to oome." Such statements are highly creditable to Mr. i Innes, and if held practically by the Arch deacon he would be a blessing to the Western district, bat alas ! be gives toe- .plainest evidence in the body of his letter that these views are merely expressed, end - not held even theoretically. The Archdeacon's avowed principle, " agreeable alike to Revelation and Bcience." is that — every judgment of toe Almighty is connected in toe way of cause and effect- with toe sin condemned." Mr. Innes, in making this assertion, prides himself that-he is abreast of toeage." Theontheorintural nature of this principle is proved by the fol-' lowing quotation from Dr. Hodge's works, volume L, page 891 (Dr. Hodge, who died i about eighteen months .age; is acknowledged I by the Christian church all over the world as a theologian and philosopher, to have been "abreast of the age): — "Xhe first qj the general views of God's relation to the world has ever, .been widely, adopted by Nationalists, Defots, and men of the world. It is founded on the. assumption that the Supreme. Being is .too. exalted -to. concern Himself with the ; (rifling concerns of TTis creatures here on earth. He made the world and impressedit with certain laws, endowing matter, with its properties, and rating beings with the . power of friee agency, and having done this, He leaves the worid to the guidance of these general laws. According to this view, the relation which God -bears to the universe is that of a mechanist to a machine. When an artist maker: a watch it goes of itself, without his intervention. He is never called to into fere with its opera- tion, except to remedy some defect. But as no such defect can be assumed in toe works of God, there is no call for FHs intervention, and He does not interfere. All things come to pass in virtue of toe operation of causes which He created, and set in motion at the beginning. According to this view, God in no wise determines the effects of natural causes, nor controls toe acte of free agents. Hie reason that one season is propitious, and the earth produces her friiit in abundance, and that another is the reverse ; that one year pestilence sweeps over the land, and toother is exempted from such desolation ; that of two ships sailing from toe same port, toe one is wrecked and the other has a prosperous voyage ; that 'the. Spanish . Axmada.lwas dispersed by a storm, and Protestant Eng land saved from papal domination; that Cromwell and his companions were arrested and prevented from sailing for America, which decided the fate of religions liberty in Great Britain ; that as such events are as they are, must, according to this theory, be referred to chance, or the blind operation of natural causes. God has nothing to do -with < them. He has abandoned the worid to the government of physical laws, -and toe affaire of men to their own control. This view of God's relat on to the world is so thoroughly anti-scriptnral and irreligious that it never hue been, and never can be adopted by any Christian Church." And yet, theoretically and practically, the above is the view held and preached by the Archdeacon of Hamilton, win Mr. innes exclaim— Ah! Dr. Hodge, the captain and . crews of all the vessels ever wrecked have been " laud-lubbers " who were as ignorant of navigation, as Mr. MDouald. is of the' meaning of toe L rath. > Commandment? i He may ,-call this a "frightful -belief-"— "the exploded theology of an unscientific- age,? and those who hold and express these views as "teachers of a fossilized type," yet snch epithets by no means prove his assertions, but show toe effeminate nature of his theology and the untenable character of the.posrtion he has taken up in ;this controversy. The Southern Cross with all its grimness, and your humble servant can mCekly. bear .to be laughed _at by_4imea -of-the werid,-'-' with whom thaiArtodetoto sradeirtlguranks him- ! .self. I would juatdyise Mr. Innes-aud all enlightened scientists tod advanced to inlm iff ;.4he reneto«njh century, fo whomtoe ad- : yocates of .evangelical troth are . laughing : stocks," to /ponder the words; ? Bleesed is the j mau' that walketh not fo-the counsel q£ the nngodly, nor standeth in the way.of emners, nor aitteth in, toe seat flf tito pcpmfriL". ; In conclusion, let me assure toe Archdeacob that I hare never mad® the slightest attempt to injare'.him. I have, as a minister of the, Gospel, endeavoured to prockum toe whole troth, and to warn against the pernicious in fluence of error.' ' In doing so, rrj have given the Archdeacon any offence, I am extremely 8ony. But ( roost conclude, apologising for tresoastine so much on vour snace. TlamtX-e . WILLIAM Af'DONAID." ; -.Hamilton, January 23, 1880. 