[raoo out owrn i oBaserPOERE.D ] Monday, June . Shortly after midnight, Captain Byrnes and the -stohhidan of the. AS.N. Oompany'U worki were at taoked at Pyrmont 'by fourlarrheps, apparently with the object of robbery, Byrnes inving in his possession the -whole of the day's receipts from the Pyrmont erry. Both -the men were aseerely maltreated, bat -anaged to beat offtheir asailantl,.. .The Government have called for tenders for the construction ol twenty-five motors in the colony. .The police, with a black tracker, left Quirindi to dayjoidg-towards Werrie'Oreek, evidently acting on inuldratloa receivedi Anothea body of police have gone in'the direction of Wallabadah. It is ospeoted. tat thibbank.-obbers are trying to work round ioi the Nundle Rangesa on foot; . ;A. crowded meeting was held at the Masocia Hall, to-night, the Mayor preeiding, when resolutions were earned. ir.fa rvir 'of Gvernment contracts for loco motives, engines, rolbtng'?took, tramway-motors, care, bridges, ,wharve, Ac., being executed in the colony. ?be following was also carried.aa an'addition to the resolution':-" That duties should be levied on all im po.ted goods that can be manufactured in this colony, for !the'pupppse of promoting and encouraging our natiVe Industries." \--- Tuesday, June 8. S eceot:adi Bs fron-SSamo,-4y the -Nautilus, state -thlt binl the treaty o-peace was iigned that party of thanalives which was unsuccessful in gainingthe supre macy have been behaving in a very turbolent manner, oad hive' abrokatd the treaty hb peace with the Britih' Government. H.M.S. Danee visited Samoa abota the bergnning of last month, apparently with instruclionafrom the High Commissioner pf Fiji, and on May 6 the ship-steamed round totwro of the lead ing native. villages and opened fire upon them with shot and shell. It is not known what amount of doe stroction was done. or whether any of the native were hilled. The Samoans are greatly incensed, and threaten to retaliate by flocking into Samoa and mase sacring the whole of the white population. Great alarm prevailed at Samoa when the Nautilns left. The Danae, howerer, remained at the island to be ready in case of emergency. SThe steam-collier' Woonior ran on to thi sand on Bondi beach, at Bondi, a few miles south bf Sydney Heads, last night, and remained ashore until 6 o'clock this morning, when she was towed off uninjured, after having jettisoned above 100 tons of coal. The steamer 'rient left to-day for London, via Mel bourne and Adelaide. Bbe took a large number of passengers, nnd her eargo from this port inclodes 88 ales.of wool,- f00 ingots of tin, 80,000 ingota and 16TI cekes of copper, and 2800 oases of preserved meat. - " Trickett loaves for England on Thursday, going overland to Melbourne to cathb the Orient there. The Tumut police last night arrested a man on suspicion of being Joseph Byrnes, the bsahranger. They have watohed him for a long time. Oollins, - blacksmith at Tumut, knew Byrnes when he was a groom in Victoria ; he used frequently to bring bore for shoeing. Colling pointed him out amid a group in the Royal Hotel billiard-room,and says that if he i not Byrnes ho.mu-t be his ghost. The man was re manded for further idontification. In the Legielatire Assembly, Mr. Barbour moved mioved the adjoprnment of the House, to urge upon the Goecrnment.to withdraw from sale a large quan tity of 'rown lands advertised for sale by auction to. morrow at .1 peracre. Afterdiseussioo, the Govern moeit declined to'accede.to the request. Mr. Cameron moved a resolution that the Govern moet should bring in a hill to stop Chinese immigra tion, but withdrew it on a statement being made by the Premier that he was in oommunleation with the Goveromeont of the other colonies with the view to joint action to restrict Chinese immigration. 