The Storyteller. Lost in the Winning. CHAPTER XXXIX. "MAGGIE'S SECRET." By "DRAMINGO." AND it has come to this, that after saving myself, so to speak, for the aim of my existence namely, the comfortable settlement for life of my little girl Clara—everything has broken down and collapsed. l am a wretched old bird, with scarcely enough heart in me to bite a mouse ; and Clara ! well she's a trifle paler and quieter than she used to be, but nobody but one who knows her as well as I do could tell what she really feels. The Bouncer has quite recovered; between ourselves she never was at all the worse for it; the postponement of her marriage was the only thing that troubled her, and that won't be put off much longer now ; for it's nearly two months since the wreck of the Kishna. We had a visitor the other day ; such a nice fellow ; Nevil's partner, who has come in from the station out West to see after Nevil's affairs. He seems very cut up about his partner's death, and greatly impressed with Clara. He's a good bit older than Nevil, but at what I call the proper age for a man, which, of course, corres ponds with my age as a bird. Jack likes him very much and took to him at once, which is a good sign, for he's seldom far wrong in his judgment, although he's not a bird. Blount— that's his name—has been down here for about a week or ten days, and I notice his visits are getting very regular, and he always contrives to stay a good time. Clara too seems to cheer up a little when he comes, and looks brighter alto gether. Surely I'm not mistaken in a man : at Blount's time of life he wouldn't make a fool of himself I should hope ; particularly after my expressing a good opinion of him : but there's no knowing. It's a true saying for a wonder —for sayings are generally anything but true —that " a man is never too old to make a fool of him self ;" and Blount must know very well that Clara could not possibly care for anybody again ; she's not the girl to forget such a man as Nevil in a couple of months, and Master Blount had better keep heart-whole, or he'll only be disap pointed. There's been no news of any more survivors having been picked up ; and, practically, we have abandoned all hope. I feel very gloomy when I think of it all. Nevil was a favorite of mine from the start, and I confess, in spite of what I said about Jack and he being such fools regarding Mrs. Bloomington, that I had a sneak ing affection for that woman myself. She was so splendidly self-reliant, and had such a glorious disdain for all the little petty arts and tricks that girls like a certain young lady whose name begins with the first letter of the alphabet indulge in. l am extremely anxious for the next months to pass quickly ; I don't suppose I am more so than Agatha ; but it wil be a blessed relief to me when it is all over, and I hear no more of this endless talk about the coming event. And this is the second time I have had to submit to the same thing. If I had a family, I'd engage to pair them all without a fortieth part of the fuss the Bouncer is making. Aye! and start them in the world into the bar gain. There's that dear Esmeralda Jones always run ning in and out again now, and I haven't got the pluck left to make life a burden to her when she is in the house. She and the Bouncer don't mind me in the least, but talk in the coolest manner possible of all sorts of things. If I told Bob what I have heard his fiance confide to Esmeralda, it strikes me that she'd never be Mrs. Bantam : unless he's a bolder man than I take him to be. Why I've heard her say that when she is married she intends to do this, that, and the other and have everything as though her husband should have nothing to do but run errands for her and pay bills. I laugh fiendishly to myself: Ha! ha ! when I listen to her; will she ? yes, I fancy she'll make a mistake if she imagines that. The beauty of it is that Esmeralda, who is a skipping young thing of about the same age as the Bouncer, and awfully given to gushing, is making a dead set at Blount. He's a very quiet fellow, with rather sleepy-looking eyes, that appear as though they could light up on occasions, how ever ; and he takes her artless advances in such an imperturbable kind of manner that I really think the dear creature believes she has made a conquest. Of course in reality he stands it all in order to be able to watch Clara, and half the pretty prattle is unheard ; but she does not see that. 0, vanity, vanity! how it blinds us all : even I, a magpie ! am not quite free from it, or was not when I was younger. I remember what a lot of trouble I used to take with my plumage, and how I used to admire myself in a waterhole; and go to roost at night under the impression there was not such another good-looking bird in Queensland. And now I care nothing for all these trumpery gauds; although there are not many birds like me I can assure you. Well ; it's come, and gone, at last ; Agatha Danten is Agatha Danten no longer, and I have lost an object in life. She looked very well as a bride ; rather overpowering you know : made a man admire Bob's pluck; but still very nice—much better than I expected. Clara was not a brides maid ; she was at the church though, and I saw the ceremony through a window. How Agatha tried to look timid and bashful, and Esmeralda Jones and the other bridesmaids threw anxious glances at her as though they expected her to faint every minute, poor nervous creature ! It was a very imposing ceremony, only Bob had a worn and anxious look about him which I did not understand until afterwards. Then it leaked out; in his hurry and confusion he had put his boots on the wrong feet; and what with the torture he was suffering, and the fear that somebody would notice it, he had an anxious time of it. l am sorry the explanation could not be made public; for I heard some of the girls making remarks about the piteous expression of his face that were not at all com plimentary to the Bouncer. We had a great time of it afterwards. Blount was particularly attentive to Clara, and she seemed rather pleased at it; and I don't think anybody there but a battered mis anthropical old magpie gave a thought to one who had gone to a cool quiet home under the restless waves. Yes; I was wrong; one did; but then she was a child, and not old enough to know the lesson the world so soon teaches. Little Ada came up to Blount (who has been admitted as her first favorite until Nevil turns up again, for she is convinced that he will come) and began asking questions about her old friend, until Blount had to stop her for fear Clara might hear. But, though she may have put him in mind of the dead man, the living girl, with her sweet sad face, soon ejected the phantom. A sad face I called it; well, it was some time ago; but she's learnt to smile again now. I felt so put out and annoyed that I went on to the verandah to be by myself, and have a quiet sulk. I had not been there long before Ada stole out and sat down, and looked dreamily out into the garden —like she often does, for she's a queer child, full of strange fancies. I knew she was thinking of Nevil, and felt so much in accord with her that I hopped up close to her, and she stroked me softly and called me " poor old Maggie," and we both were very quiet; and inside they were talk ing and laughing as though life was always to be a wedding breakfast. Presently Ada began talk ing in a low tone to me ; for she is an apprecia tive child, and we often have long conversations together, in which she does all the talking, I must admit. "Do you ever dream, Maggie ?" she said. "Do you ever think you hear voices calling to you when the wind blows strong ; and then when it is dark do you see the faces belonging to the voices come and look in at the window and nod to you ?" Really I did not know what to reply to this, for I often do imagine strange things : look at that cockatoo's ghost I fancied I saw. I just whistled softly to show her that I under stood her, and she went on : " And sometimes faces you know come to you, Maggie. Last night I saw auntie, and she didn't scold me and look cross like she always used to ; but she had such a kind smile, and while she was there I thought I heard the waves beating against the house, like they did against the steamer " " Gocd gracious, Mr. Blount, do look at this strange child sitting out here by herself talking to the magpie,' said the voice of Esmeralda Jones behind us ; and I went straight for her ankles at once. I was getting quite interested, and then to be interrupted by a great hoyden like that! Ha ! I hate you all, men and women alike. Ada jumped up and went to Blount as he came at the young lady's call ; refusing the proffered blandishments of Miss Jones, who wished to kiss her with the usual swagger with which women perform that osculatory process when they have a man for an audience. " What were you talking about, Ada?" said her new favorite. " I won't tell while she's there," returned the enfant terrible; " she slapped me the other day, when nobody was there." " Oh, Ada! how can you say so ?" exclaimed the young lady, in a tone of indignant reproach ; and Blount, with the suspicion of a smile flitting over his face, hastened to change the conversa tion to less dangerous topics. I suppose if Clara were to remain down hearted and miserable I should be annoyed with her for it, and because she is become a little bit livelier l am angry with her. It's a remark ably strange thing that we never are satisfied ; I must be getting old and cross. CHAPTER XL. But now the courage mounted to her face. And while she raised her head in sweet disdain The light of life beamed in her looks again. For though she was but woman, worn and weak, Though the devouring waters rose amain, And though she laid to his a death-cold cheek, In that fond breast there swelled a love that bade her speak. It was about 11 o'clock at night, and Mrs. Bloomington was standing looking down at her little cousin sleeping the sound sleep of healthy childhood ; thinking with envy perhaps of that dreamless slumber; then she left the child's room and went to her own which adjoined it. A cold gust of air almost extinguished the candle as she entered, and she muttered something petulantly about stupid servants leaving the window open, and then stopped suddenly; for, standing near the open window, as though in terrupted in his departure by that outlet, was a man—and that man was her husband. For a moment they gazed at each other by the un steady light of the flickering candle ; then she spoke: " Why do you come here ?" " Why ! I should imagine I had a right here if any man has." By this time she had got over the surprise of his appearance, and her voice was firm and calm as she answered him: " Do you want money, that you risk detection this way by breaking into the house ?" "I want it, but not from you. What I would have is that interest and affection a wife is sup posed to always feel for her husband, no matter what the world does." " I'm glad you said 'supposed.' I can assure you that it is quite a supposition so far as I am concerned." " Why should you hate me, Jane ? To you, at least, I never showed anything but kindness." " Probably not, but kindness is nothing : I am not to be influenced by that, nor are any woman's affections likely to be purchased that way. It's a natural impulse : I disliked you when I married you, and now dislike myself for having married you, which you may be sure does not tell in your favor." " You discuss the question as calmly as if you were having a playful argument with somebody," he returned with a sneer. " And you are right; it is but a trifle to you ; but to me, hunted, homeless, and in constant dread, a kind word might mean life or death." "I did not give you credit for so much senti ment ; but why prolong this useless discussion ? you have a perfect right to as much money as you want; why not take some, and leave the country, while you are safe." "Because that is exactly what you and some body else want me to do. Life has become of so little value that I prefer revenge to it -- " " On me ? take it then," she said scornfully. " No, not on you; on one who stole your affections " "I know whom you mean ; he could scarcely steal what you never had : they were his before I saw you." Her husband looked at her curiously. " I wonder what could touch you," he said at last. " Granted that you disliked me always, still I was and am your husband, and now can you see me like this without a word of pity or consola tion ?" " I can and do," she replied. " Then I will wring your heart yet; and I know how. I'll see you again, and you shall confess it." "So long as you relieve me of your presence now, I don't care what you threaten." He looked long and imploringly at her, as she stood with one hand on the table, haughty and disdainful ; but her features never softened or changed. " You have it in your power," he said ; " re member you are my wife, and I will forget my purpose; one word." For answer she pointed to the window through which he had entered, and with a look of sullen anger he clambered through it and was gone in the darkness. As methodically as though nothing had occurred, Mrs. Bloomington fastened the window and closed the blind. Meanwhile her husband found his way to a cheap lodging-house, and lay through the dark hours planning num berless schemes of insane vengeance. After long and deep thought Mrs. Bloomington determined to tell Nevil of her nocturnal visitor. As she expected, the threats of vengeance against himself he treated as mere idle boast; but he urged that a man in such a desperate pass might —particularly now that he had once found his way into the house—treat her to a second visit, and exhibit more dangerous tendencies than on the first. Under these circumstances he per- suaded her to accompany him back to Brisbane, but not to let anybody know of her intention until almost the point of starting. The steamer met with heavy weather almost as soon as she cleared the heads, and that night the wind increased to half a gale. By morning there was a tremendous sea, and by nightfall men were beginning to look anxious and grave. Mrs. Bloomington, who was a good sailor, stayed on deck until late, the saloon, with all ports closed, being an abode fit only for sala manders. After Nevil had at last taken her below he stayed up for some time watching the great waves curling up and towering right above them at times, as though determined to drive the steamer under at one blow. As yet she was weathering it bravely, and when Nevil went down to try and get some sleep it was with no anticipation of immediate danger. He climbed into his bunk, and, after lying for some time in a kind of uneasy dream that was neither sleeping nor waking, lost all consciousness. From this restless and uneasy sleep that a man sleeps when lying on a tossing heaving couch, with all the wild noises of wind and wave around and o'erhead, Nevil suddenly awakened; and what awoke him was what caused nearly every body in the vessel to spring up in alarm : it was the cessation of the throbbing and grinding of the propeller. The screw had broken down ! Before he could reach tbo cabin steps the steamer had lost steering way, and a huge wave struck her amidships and swept the deck of every movable article. Up to the present good order had been maintained, but now, as the ship lay helpless and at the complete mercy of the sea, a sudden panic set in, augmented by the engineers and firemen coming up to report that the last sea she shipped had put out the fires. A wild rush, that the officers, aided by Nevil and one or two more of the passengers, could not at first check, took place to lower the boats. The first one was swamped immediately; but so ex cited with terror were some of the poor wretches that even when the boat was disappearing beneath the waves they sprang wildly down into it. The other boat reached the water safely, and might possibly have lived had they got her clear of the steamer, but when about to shove off she was driven under the vessel's side, and next moment was buried beneath her, two survivors only managing to get on board. This created a pause that the captain took advantage of to attempt to make the men go back to their duty, and if possible get the steamer's head to wind ; for as yet she was not making much water. But the sea was so high, and the waves, as if in joy at her helplessness, kept making such clean breeches over the battered hulk, that it was im possible ; although, until the foretopmast went, the attempt was not abandoned. In the pause that ensued after this Nevil sought the saloon, now nearly knee-deep in water. Mrs. Blooming ton, with Ada in her lap, was sitting there, cool and collected ; the stewardess and the other lady passengers weeping and praying, expecting every roll of the vessel to be the last. It was a terrible scene, and one that made Nevil feel the horror of the situation more forcibly than anything he had witnessed on deck. He made his way as best he could to Mrs. Bloomington, besieged by en quiries as to whether there was any hope ; to all of which he thought it best to answer yes, although feeling certain that there was none. Mrs. Bloomington greeted him with a smile that seemed strange amidst such surroundings ; and as he took Ada, who held out her arms to him directly she saw him, she told him how re lieved she was to see that he was still safe. "Is there any chance at all for us ? tell me the truth ; you know I am no coward," she asked. He glanced around to see that the others did not hear him ; and replied : " Scarcely any; before daylight we shall either be dead or saved." He put his arm round her, to support her a little, for the rolling of the vessel was terrible ; and she leant her cheek contentedly against his shoulder ; then, as if struck by a sudden thought, looked up in his face with a queer smile. " Do you think Clara would take it as quietly as this ?" she said. The question took him too much by surprise for him to answer; and, as it brought up in his mind thoughts that in the excitement of the last few hours he had successfully banished, a change that it was impossible to repress passed over bis face. " Forgive me," whispered his companion, who noted it, with a woman's instinct. "It was a foolish speech ; may you be saved for her sake, though if you knew how little I desire to live you would not wonder at my late boast. "God knows what may happen," he replied pressing her affectionately to him ; "many have been rescued when in worse plight than this, and we may be yet: but I must leave you again for a time; I may be able to give a hand on deck." " You will come to me when the end must come ?" she asked beseechingly. If I am alive," he said simply, as he put the child back in her urms, and stooped and kissed her. To the wretched women in the cabin, denied the excitement of exertion, the time dragged on accompanied by vague and awful terrors ; still more terrible for not knowing what was passing on deck. Every moment they expected to see the tossing water that roared and gurgled so close to them come rushing down with death on its foam ; and, at every staggering roll the doomed ship gave, a wailing shriek would break from some poor frightened girl. Only one there seemed indifferent to whatever fate was coming, and she looked with contempt on her terror stricken companions and did not seek to aid or comfort them. At last a man appeared, streaming with water and with bleeding hands and face. It was the chief officer: he was followed by Nevil and another passenger in much the same plight. Nevil came up to Mrs. Bloomington. " Give me Ada," he said, " and come up on deck ; there is a chance." The chief officer was supporting one of the other lady passengers, and the other passenger, who had a wife on board, was helping her to the companion way. . . . When Nevil went on deck after leaving the woman who through all danger did not seem to waver or alter in the one idea of her life, he found a change had taken place. Heavy rain had set in, the wind had greatly abated, and it truly seemed that the flood-gates of Heaven were opened, for the rain came down in one sheet. At first—for the darkness was intense—he could see no one on deck ; but the gleam of a lantern led him forward, and he found that an attempt was being made to get rid of the wreck of the fore-topmast, and rig up a storm jib and a try sail. The captain, whose arm had been broken in the former attempt, was the first man Nevil came to, as he made his way with difficulty from one point of vantage to another. He secured himself alongside him an well as he could, and asked if he could do anything. The captain told him no ; and added " If she does not strain herself with all this rolling, we stand a chance yet. Nothing could be better than this rain ; it will put the sea down quicker than anything." Just then a flash of lightning showed them another figure comiug along the wet and wave-swept deck. It came close to them, holding on with difflculty, and shouted something that Nevil did not catch, but the captain understood it. " It's all up," he cried ; " but say nothing below ; she's making water fast, and we must get the women off in what boats we have left. Thank God the sea is not so bad as it was ; this heavy rain may save us." By this time the wreck of the fore-topmast had been cleared, and a rag of sail bent, and with two men at the wheel she made a better show for it than she had done yet. One of the two remaining boats on the davits was now lowered, in charge of the second mate, and order and discipline being maintained it seemed that there would be a chance to put the women on board of her. The chief officer, Nevil, and another passenger went into the saloon to assist them up. Nevil took little Ada in his arms, on reaching the deck, and directed Mrs. Bloomington to keep under shelter of the skylight until he came for her. One of the lady passengers who attempted to get into the boat first fell into the sea, and was never seen again ; the other, frightened at this, threw herself down and re fused to try; meanwhile the men in the boat were with difficulty keeping her from being smashed against the steamer's side ; and valuable time was thus lost as Nevil in his turn held the child over the side, a brilliant flash of lightning showed him the boat, lifted up nearly level with the deck ; and the mate in the stern called to him to let the girl go. He did, and she was safely caught, and the next flash showed the boat some distance away, and that was the last they saw of her, although the men made every attempt to regain the steamer. The men on board now made their way to the other boat; but, although she was succcessfully lowered, she had been injured in some way and made so much water that she sank almost im mediately, causing the loss of two more of the crew and two passengers. All hope seemed once more lost; the ray that had cheered them up lately had abandoned them ; and all save one or two stouter hearts gave way to despair. The steamer seemed now to be settling down fast; and the captain and chief officer strove to induce the remnant of the crew and passengers to attempt to make some sort of raft of the loose spars and wreckage on the deck. She was rolling so heavily that this was a work of great danger and diffi culty, but finally it was accomplished and se cured alongside the steamer. The Kishna was now nearly water-logged, and the captain gave orders to take to the raft, ex pecting she would soon sink under them. In all there were only nine men survivors, three lady passengers, and the stewardess. The sea had fallen considerably during the heavy rain, which still poured unceasingly down ; and although the waves broke over the raft there was some hope that they could preserve their lives on it until daylight, when perchance they might be picked up. Fortunately all who were now left were the best men, and everything was done methodically and coolly up to the very last moment. The women were first got on to the frail support and tied securely in as comfortable a position as cir cumstances would permit; then what provisions and water could be got up from the cabin ; and lastly, as the poor ship gave many ominous wails and groans, the men scrambled on. As the captain—who spite of his broken arm was the last to leave—gave a look around, by the aid of the lightning, he caught sight of a figure lying under the steam-winch. Calling to Nevil, who was about getting on to the raft, they went to it, and found it to be a man, still alive, but apparently insensible from having been dashed against some of the ironwork. They got him on board the raft with some trouble, and then cast themselves adrift; and the Kishna was aban doned. A lantern on one of the stays was still alight, and for some time after they parted company this could plainly be seen. Suddenly, like a shooting star, they saw it swoop downwards; then they knew that their ship had gone to the bottom, and they were alone on a few loosely lashed spars. Taking advantage of the lightning, which was very frequent, Nevil made out the time by his watch, and found it to be past 4. This was a relief to most of them, as the women were suffering from cold and exposure, and could scarcely have lived through a whole night, lying as they were almost submerged. The sea, although still high, had subsided greatly, and as daylight broke they were able to cut the lashings that they had fastened round the women, and give them some assistance to sit up. They were able also in a rude way to bind up the captain's arm and improvise a sling for it. A ration of rum and a biscuit helped to make them more hopeful, and by this time, the light being strong, anxious but unsuccessful looks were cast around. Nevil presently thought of the insensible man they had dragged on board the last moment, and on looking for him found him in the same place where they had tied him, but cold and dead ; but what was Nevil's surprise to recognise in the sodden drenched features the man whose wife was on the raft—Bloomington! Whether he had followed Nevil and watched him on board, or whether it was mere blind chance, it was impos sible to guess ; but it was he, and dead. They cut the lashings and dropped the body quietly overboard, without letting the women see it; although it floated, and for some time, to Nevil's great horror, seemed inclined to accompany them. [TO BE CONCLUDED IN OUR NEXT.] The Papers.—A statesman was once in con versation with a few friends as to what course ought to be adopted with regard to misrepresen tation in the press ; and a friend said to him, "The obvious course is not to take notice of what is said of you in the papers. People will find you out in time if you do not contradict these things." " Well," said the statesmen, heaving a deep sigh, " that was the course I once pursued. I enterod on public life with a resolu tion that, whatever the press might say of me, I would take no notice of it. For years and yours ]persevered, till at last my friendß came to me and «;ii 1, ' There is au accusation in one paper of snob an unutterably villanous kind that you owe it to yournelf and to your supporters to con tradict it.' " The statesman felt that iv this case :in exception must be made. He contradicted the report, as he informed the friends to whom lio w.iK n<>ountinK his t-xpurionces. "Well," said onf, " ami what did the p.iporu do ?" " Why," the blnttitftnau auawered, " they went and proved it, the villains !" 