C ODD NOTES. ■ BY A BOHEMIAN. j'i 'jk glad to see that the protest or, rather; the fair warning, givon by the Opposition to tho ) oontractors for the new stonm service via Torres Strait*, better known aa tho frozen meat •errioe, has been received in a propor spirit. "IfessraV'Gray, Dawes, and Co. assure Mr. Griffith th'at they mean to make this service .tnoh a good • one that thore.will be no danger of any important section of tho Queensland "|»blio wantingto give it up aftor it has once "iiiriy! rtarted. " That is the proper coarse foe i ,Jkhetn to .adopt now. At the same time, the lending of that warning was tho right thing to do; :beoause - it; is; just possible that; the M'llwraith Ministry may not hold office "daring the whole eight years tho contract 'tu'1 to'rnti, and in that case tho Ministry which, took .their place might not be so favour abla to a subsidy of &S0.006; a year for a •'■mice which only benefited the: shareholders in the" company or the pastoral interest. So ' Iwjg as' we get Talno for our money nobody j.Wiil grumble. It was tho danger of nob Btjcnr i log that , neoessary condition of a fair bargain ■•Ueh raised suspicions on this side with regard to this particular bargain. And coming on lis just when it did, while the nir was thick with 'doubts and'fears about tbo Premier and-tho tjndieates of one kiod or other which ho seemed to get mixed up with while in tbo old country —freight ayndioates, railway syndicates, steel 'Mils oo&tracts;, and what not—all helped to intensify the suspicion about this steam service .tyndicato.; - It yet remains to b« proved thai 'tie new.Borvioo will bo worth the monoyit' ;Will post, th<r colony; but, as MoBsrs.,.Qray,1 Dawos, and Co. express their fixed determina-; tlon to make it a satisfactory one, IJ.for'one,j 'amwilling to wait as patiently as'I ciinfand; •N h'owthe thing works, more' espMiillyW that happens to be tho only alternative left for tty of ns now. What can't be cured must ho todured, and we shall all live till wo dio—if I nobody kills us—even under an nllra-'eqnatting Government,' "' J, 1 ';; In Tuesday's Courier is a letter from "liny old; friend. Thomaesen, in; .which ho (expresses regret that! should hava attempted to knock a' Httla'fun out of him and .that mysterious witness of his, who ovorheard tho conversation between him and Hamilton in 'the London Ooffee - (hop.. But, roally, I could not help it Tho temptation was irresistible. This •'party^of-the-name- of -Goott," an-" inde (Mutant gentleman who , will , not stand •ay humbug,", such as the honourablos Perkins and Griffith treated my old friend to when he Was in Brisbane last; this highly important witness, who seems to havo bean hov'oring in the air for the last throo or four months, some where between Europe and Quousland, in the •noit tantalising mannor, ' first in one. place, thon in another, and almost ovorywhero' at different times except in Brisbane, whero ho wa» so nrgontly wanted,—ho inevitably sug gested "Sairey Gamp's " friend," Mrs. Harris. V To tell the simple truth, I thought Thomassen had ovolved this " party " ont of his innor con-, •olousnoss, aa tho German philosopher evolved the osmel; but, as ho says ho did not, I am bound to believe him—when My noor Goott turns Up. *A» to Thomassen himself, I thoroughly Sympathise with him in this stool raiU businossi and have done so 0 vers! n co M'Bichani's ovidoneo before the select oommittoo was published. . It (i very olear to ma that poor TboraaMon.waa made the victim of what Mr. Archor onphoni- I ously calls ft" commercial transaction.'* Here was j my wido-a-wake and far.seeing friend labour ing most assiduously for weeks and spending no end of trouble andmoney, to make a good bar gain for his firm, and -get on the blind sido of our Minister for Works by nailing him down to a bargain like "Miss Flora M'FlimsoyV' engagement, .which she explained to her betrothed so simply and clearly as • A kind of engagement, d'ye see, . Which is binding.onyoa butnot binding on mo. J And not,only. Macrossan, but, fondly, droaming, I aw'ootly dreaming 'of fixing M'llwraith, M'Eacharn, and Co. in a bargain.of :much ; the same kind with rogard to the carrying of I those rails; and all'the time- tbo artless and j simplb-minded M'Kaoham had sucked Thom I aason's brain of all that was in it worth taking, J put his partner " on tho lay" forsteel rails, and Lwos all ready for the Premier's contract before ' the latter gentleman had got half-way over I America even; There never was bo much as a | ghost of a chance for Thoraasson's firm after he I " let on" to H'Eacharn about his possible con I traot with, tho Queensland Government for thoso rails; and if he had only known it, he I might-have spared himself the expenso and I trouble of that hurried joiirnoy to England; the trip to Cork to meet ,tho -Prcmior at the earliest, poanblo moment, and All the subsequent worry and ronning.hore, and. there which he engagod in to secure a little order for steel rails. M'Eacharn and his senior partner j had arrangod everything so beautifully that | Thoraasson und his firm were " nowhere.'V Now this, mind you, was .very " rough".: on Tho" masRen, and must have roado him feel had. l' would havo made me feel so, and that is why I sympathise with him. I hope he will accept this explanation and apology. I am afraid that the protectionists of this I young and rising colony are not sufficiently] alive to their high duties and responsibilities; They oithor havo not tho conrago of their con viotions, or they are apt to tako a too narrow and contracted viow.of tho sphoro of their operations. My foars and suspicions may ho groundless, hilt certainly appearancos hav® been against them of Iato in several notable instances. Tho latest was on Monday last, at tho meeting of tho council of tho National Association. I learn from the report of the. mooting, pnblished in the papers noxt day, that "a lotter was road from Mr. Hocker, com plaining that at each recurring show the awards I for his exhibits were of less importance, and by no means tended to encoaraga tho industry j of 'tobacco manufacture which Tio had estab lished." This ought not to bo/ I know Mr. Hookor can tnako excellent tobacco when' ho'cani get decently "grown leaf to work upon. Years ago I sampled his cigars, " cake," and " twist," • and found them "A. I." I-.darb; say X. uso his "weed" now, although tho retail dealers assuro me that they "never keop'it, sir! Couldn't geta sale for it; prejudice agaiust it" -r-with muchmoro to the same effect. The prejudice, in my opinion, is on tho part of the dealer, who would bo expected to sell it a trifle cheripcr if tho customers knew it was local made. Anyway, it is quite clear,'from Hocker'B letter, that his local industry is not adequately encouragod by tho Nati jnal Association, how ever much it may ho; by- the -wholesale and retail • dealers: *• - This is" a caso for tho protectionists to. tako up with wannth. ■ Hero,: isa iotail industry ,.under , our. very I noses, -literally speaking, which is being •treated -hhabbily » byfhtf "National " and | nobody to protest, nobody to step in*and insist I . n$pn adeqiinto prizes 'being offered.at the show "for tiieeo exhibits: From, what; I ban learn, not a single voico was raised at tho council meeting :in condemnation of the unwarrantable neglect which; had been Bbown towards Mr. Hooker's manufacture/I know what tho excuso in. It Is asserted thut thoro is not sufficient competition at tbo socioty's shows in this, class .of exhibits; to justify tho bouueii in offering big prizes; but this is no nrgumcnt at all,' or, if it is,:it | proves the oppoiita conclusion.. The.'fact'of > I thero'heing no competition worth a mention is ' tho bost possiblo security against the prizes; being awarded to tho wrong man. In such; a caso tho valuo of tho prize might with great | proprioty bo increased, instead of diminished* And a good big prize at tho agricultural oxhi bition would,bo thomost graebful audappropriatp wayofencouraginganatiyeindiifltry. Fur better,; in my opinion, than a Government bonus; or. a prohioitory duty on tbo imported hrticio. I hopo, nowv tho mattor1 has boon men*; ttonod, that thoro will bo no -'morb.MUSO of; complaint on this score, and that tho protcb-, tioniats will rally round, Mr. Hooker ami jso©: that justico is dono to him' in the noxt- prizo: schedulo of tho " National." '• Tho fact is that thoro is a good doalof mean- | noss about in all directions. ttoino men seem to bo constantly on tho watch for opportunities | to 'I boat" thoir follow mon, and will tako any patty ndviuitago that odors to ncoompliah thoir I obj< pt./i rea i of a casoof this. kjnd ouly^th'e olhor day. A candidate for clootion to a Bhiro council, "ended a mcotingjof Iho local ratepayers, to oxplain'h'ia viowatothom, and provo that he was a flt and'propor poreon to roproscnt thorn on the council.,' ..Tho,moat snitablo mpu to. preside at the mdotingi who happened . to bo pre soot, was ail Irishman, to whom the candidate had long owod ' £1. This 'gentleman was u moved into the chair" without any difficulty . whatever, and having got there,'he sat placidly guzing on the audionoo without speaking a word. Alter along tirao had elapsed and the audience began to show signs of impatienco, the candidate mildly hinted in an undertone;to tho chairman that it waa no ube waiting any longer, they had belter get1 on with tho business. "Not until you pay/'me. tho pound ' yon owo ino," .was, * fcho chairman's whisperod but emphatic reply. " Oh, wo'Jl aqnaro that up afterwards,? said the candidate, sotto voce, "ifo fear,'' answeredtho creditor. 11 Vory well, here's tho noto," toatily said tho candidate, throwing thd "flimsy on thotablo. Thenthe chairman got up.calmly pro cluimed.thatithe moeting " stood adjourned," and marched off, the meeting following ^him. Only think of that now! Would you have be lieved that anybody could be'as mean and das tardly as that ?—You couldn't! "Woli . iVo'uld, after; what I have soon aud heard in other cases ■I could mention. . > .1 The burial qnc8tion, aa it is called in1 tho old country, has boen pretty effectually settled. "Dissenters," who wish to bury their dead In tb» pariah churchyard, can now dp so without let or hindrance from clergyman, .parish clerk, oliurohwarden, sexton,' beadlo, or any; other authority of tho " eatablinhod" church. Here, in Queensland, we have no established church ; consequently, thoro are no. dissenters from it* This makes it rather awkward in ecclesiastical nomenclature to strictly : define: who is who and what is what, especially to persons'whose early days wero passod in the old country.'..'I waa m thia colony, a long time before 1 i could fully realise the stupendous fact that there was not such a person as a " dissenter,V nor not even so much as a u noh-comformist" to bo found within its borders, from Point Danger to Cape York, nor from thofcea £o tho uttermost western boundary. I could not make it out anyhow. I had always boen used to dissenters and nan-conformists, and had in* dulged, times out of number, in what I regarded as rather neat and well timed denunciations of the iniquity of chnrch rates, and tho abuses whioh are engendered of an unholy alliance between tho Stato and that one partioular church which could and did demand rates from you, whother you attended it or not. All this stock of rhetoric proved utterly worth* less' out here. I am reconciled to. the loss now, and had even gone to the other extreme of believing that sectarian differences, oven between the old churches and tho now, wero not as strongly marked and as sharply de6ned as they are in the old land; but in this I was disappointed. A few weeks ago, a person died in a suburban dis trict, and On his deathbed he expressed a strong desire to be buried in the churchyard dear where he had spent the last few years of his life. But when application was made to the proper authorities for permission to do so, the request was refused on tho ground that the person bad not been " a regular attendant &t; that church," 60 the corpse had to bo carried to tho neaiest general cemetery—a distance of threo or four miles, and interred there. 3 his shows that tho «ld denominational landmarks have not beon removed by the abolition of a Swvto church. But wo do not'requiro a burials bill hero—thank heaven. 