ALVERLE Y. fReprinted from the Lamp.) Chapter V. Old John came out of the sleeping room of his lord. Ilis face looked disturbed, for his lord had been very disagreeable, which was not his wont in the early morning. Even his blue dress was discomposed as if protesting against this breach of ride. It was an un usual divergence from the groove in which everything ran in this house, and the new inmate was to blame for it. This idea had taken fast hold of old John. Earnest looked at him with surprise as lie saw him approach. “Do you see?” cried John. “ 1 knew how it would be ; yesterday evening was the beginning and now it goes on.” “ But what?” asked Earnest, rather jnmzled. “ Why the blowing up we always get in the evening, and all that chat and pleasantness during dinner.” e! “ Oh ! whether it comes in the evening or earlier, it is all the same,” observed Earnest with a sly look. “ It is not at all the same,” replied John, “for it makes one uncomfortable for the whole day, and in the evening you go to sleep. Now lie wants poor Martha to stop her leave for a holiday to-day I think. She may be a great ma’am, but was much better off with the mad brother! The sick old lord won’t sutler alone while he can help it!” Then he pursued his way to the kitchen shrugging his shoulders at the incomprehen sible stupidity of his comrade, and at the soreness of Martha’s dissapointment, whom he had seen dressed to go. Arrived at the door, John, after a word with the cook, pointed energetically in the direction of the upper part of the left wing, and muttered : “ There is the cause of it.” And then he slammed the door. The old lord sat in his room. He was more tired than if he had remained in bed. First he laid up one of his gouty legs, and then the other, and his humour by no means improved. Then he left his room and be gan to measure his three apartments with his steps; at each step he struck his stick on the ground, drew himself up, and from time to time cast a look towards the mirrors which reached from the ceiling to the floor, and reflected the whole of his aristocratic figure. Sometimes he waved his stick through the air as if he would chase away or strike some thing. And yet if was in fact his own thoughts alone winch annoyed him, and which clouded the sunshine of the morning hour. He was dissatisfied with himself. Then his eyes fell upon the well clipped alley of lime-trees, and the end of the garden where was a smooth piece of lawn with a sun-dial in the centre. And (here he saw the new' companion wandering about slowly, under the shade afforded by the trees. She had her hands clasped in each other with her arms hanging down, which was her customary attitude, and gave her an appear ance of maidenly modesty and shyness. She looked neither to the right nor to the left, but stepped on with downcast eyes. Her black dress fell around her in rich folds, and the movement of its drapery was almost the only sign of her advance., so still and quiet was her step. A black lace veil surrounded her marble countenance, and her dark locks were gathered up behind. And so she came nearer and nearer to the window' wdierc Lord Alverly stood, as if she had no suspicion of his presence. He was observing her, and now would have dravm hack, but it was two late, for suddenly rais ing her head she made a deep reverence. He involuntarily lifted his velvet cap and called out : “ Good morning, Miss Burgess.” She made no reply but continued her walk. Had he expected that she would have spoken to him. and not be satisfied with that silent and respectful greeting? It almost appeared so, for his eyes remained fixed upon the slight figure which had just turned away from him. She was like a part of the gardens, and if the Melpomene had descended from her pedestal under the acacia and had clothed herself in black drapery, she would look exactly similar, and would wander about with the same slow and measured steps. No breath of air moved the leaves of the lime trees ; not a leaf of the evergreen fig stirred; the roses were upright on their green stalks, and the branches of the shrubs remained en tangled in each other ; only that dark figure moved, and, unobserved, the shadow on the sun-dial. “ I mark only bright hours,” was the in scription on its face. It was strange that as the earl contemplated this picture, so harmonious, and to him so wonderfully beautiful, he thought of his daughter, who was a living example of the opposite to this place of his own creation. She preferred walking on the turf to the gravelled paths, she had got some untrained roses which she could pluck, and enjoy their perfume, and she forbade them to be pruned or tied up ; she brought life into this green world when with her elastic step she enterd it and left it, singing with her lark-like voice ; she was like a reproach to those pruned, trained, obedient trees and hedges in which, however wonderful, she could find no beauty. Even the air seemed to her heavy and oppres sive, the perfume overpowering. And yet that lovely young creature, who had slept but one night in this new world, had become so completely a part of it that it seemed to the earl as if she had often before wandered slowly along its paths, had often silently offered him her salutation. He turned away, and on returning to his room took up the peerage. He turned to the name of Alverly. There he himself stood. Louis Manfred Marius Alverly, Earl of Alverly, the inheritor of such and such estates ; and under his own name stood that of his daughter, Euphemia Bertha Maria. He sighed; there was no son. After his death the title would pass to a distant cousin. He took up a pen and made a cross against the name of Adalbert Louis Marius Alverley. The poor maniac’s name was of course re corded in the annals of the noble race, and as far as the world outsido was concerned this was the only sign of his existence. Lord Alverly breathed more freely; a weight fell from his heart. Many a time had he read this name with a beating heart ; and now in the next edition of the peerage it would be extinguished by death. The questions of heartless and unsuspicious people were at an end. Adalbert Louis Marius, there was nothing after him. The old man looked for a moment at the space under this last name, upon which at last the cross which signified death had been made. Then another name rose to his memory, a name he knew well, for twenty years he had controlled it as he controlled his trees—Johanna Maria. Yet the words ex isted only in his excited fancy; they were not on the paper. Johanna was dead ; he had written that she was dead. And was she not more than dead ? Must she not be dead? She lived not to him and his noble blood. He closed the book and threw it aside. He started as the black figure fell on the book as she passed the window. He recalled her words of the evening before. They dis tressed him but he cast off the thought. “They have all passed away,” he said. Martha, the only person who knew about his brother and of Johanna’s existence, was silent. She kept her lips closed as long as she remained in his lions*;. He seemed to keep her out of gratitude for her faitful services— her present office was a sinecure—■though in fact it was from fear lest she should betray what was to remain a secret. While buried in thought he took the book again into his hand, and when he recom menced pacing up and down he laid it upon a marble table in the dining- room. Presently Femia appeared in a white dress, her golden locks coniincd in an invisible net. She kissed her father. “ Miss Burgess is earlier than I am, papa,” she said, “for 1 always let the sun dry up the. dew before I go out, because 1 like to walk on the grass.” His forehead contracted. She stroked it lovingly with her hand. “ I am not a heavy person, papa.,” she said. M3* steps do no harm to the grass ; Ido not wear it away*.” “J have not slfltpt well; 1 do not feel comfortable,” he replied ; “ this is 1113* punish ment for having lived so long.” This was the kind of speech he liked to make when lie was out of humour, so Femia heeded it not. “ Will 3rou not come into the garden, papa,” she asked. “ No, you must go alone ; your companion is there already, and is wandering about slowly and thoughtfully like a ghost.” “ I saw her from my window upstairs. She seems sad. (), papa, how happy I am that I have you still,” she said witli a sudden child like g'usli of feeling- as she kissed his cheek. “ How many Josses that poor thing must have had ; how bitter her life must have been before she became so grave and sorrowful. There is something puzzling in it.” “Fancies! You take a great deal of trouble in studying Miss Burgess. Does it seem thus to you ? Now yesterday it seemed to me that she was quite ready to tell her thoughts. Now, child, go for your morning walk. She is just coming this way.” Amelia had just seen that she was observed by the old earl, but moved as if unaware of Femia’s presence. Femia hastened out, Hew after her, and placed her arm in Amelia’s “ Ah, lady, I thought you were still sleep ing,” said Miss Burgess. “ Take care,” laughed Femia. •‘Now we will walk together, but I like to g'o fast, you like to go slowly, do you not ?” “ I can vary my pace0’she answered politely and quickened her step. “ I move slowly when I am thinking, and that I often am in the early morning when l would willingly he my own companion.” She took a sidelong look at Femia from under her eyelashes ; she. wished to iind out how far she might go, and -whether she had a firm footing on the ground which, step by step, she intended to win. “ That means I had better walk alone, and leave you to do the same,” replied the girl, and moved as if she would have withdrawn her arm from Amelia’s. But the cunning Amelia pressed it close and hogged her to remain. “ Oh, no ; I did mean that ; my hour for meditation is over, and you have quite a right to my companion ship.” She spoke so imploringly and sadly that no one could possibly have taken what she had said amiss, much less Femia. “ Well, then, wo will go out of this,” she cried joyfully. “ Do you not find the garden terribly confined ? Just like a prison. The view on every side is shut in by high hedges, the air kept away by shrubs, everything is stiff, nothing grows freely hut my few roses, which may, perhaps, feel themselves ne glected and unhappy." I do not think that anything' could feel unhappy near you ; not even roses,” returned tjio companion. She spoke the flattering words with inten tion, and yet they came from her heart. From her reserved and beautiful lips this praise was doubly pleasing, and Femia bent her head gratefully. She closed the door at the end of (lie. gar den, and crossing a small orchard they event Out into the fields: two girls as different as possible, yet both young. both beautiful ; and thus they enter life ; the bright light form of Fuphemia, and near in the dark, designing Amelia. A magpie chattered from a pine-tree. “ We. shall have a visitor to-day,” said Femia laughing. “ 1 believe in omens ; ! have so often found them come true.” “ I do not believe in them,'’ said Miss Burgess in a singularly melancholy voice. “ \\\ ho con Id send them to iis, or \\\ 1 in could in this maimer cither warn ns or raise our hopes? We have hopes and fears in our hearts, and we seek in the nature around ns, hut which has no share in onr life, voices which respond to them. Am 1 not right V You no doubt expect a visit to-day, and so the magpie falls in pleasantly with your ex pectation.” “ No,” said Fomin. colouring at (lie superior tone of her companion's words, u as I have already said 1 believe in omens, because J have so often found them to bo true. I am very dependent mi the heavens ami the earth Avhich an- over and around me. Ibiin and storm are not my favourite companions, lint when (lie sun shines as it does now it always brings gladness to my soul. Nature seems to influence these changes in my moods ; lint we have coinc to the elmrehvard : will you come in with me V” “(Badly. I love t he dead and t heir graves, and I read on the weather-worn tombstones that life also decays, and that we must use it while we have time.’’ For the second time the Indy looked with surprise at Miss Burgess ; hut she said nc thing. “ She is very beautiful ; but how is it that she said just now that there was no one who could send us omens, and that now she thinks only of the decay of life, with out seeming to remember the eternity that follows it.” Slender white-stemmed birches bowed their slight branches over the graves, and the sun t shone through their leaves with a golden | green ; white butterflies danced in the air, j upon some of the graves which lay in the shade the dew had not yet melted away, and the light breeze had blown leaves of the flowers from the trees, so that they lay scat tered about and ornamented the graves which had no other adornment than grass and weeds. At the end of the churchyard a building in the Gothic style, with turrets and pillars, covered the family vault of the Alverleys. Over the entrance was carved a hatchment with the armorial bearings of the family, with a reversed torch on either side. The interior was a large room with an altar, and carved benches on each side, with Thorwahl sen’s head of Christ in the middle of tho altar. Femia had withdrawn her arm from Amelia’s, and knelt down upon the step. It was singular that for the first time her praywr for the dead failed. She thought that Miss Burgess would have bowed her knee as she did her own when near tho dead, who filled her with pious awe, hut there she stood behind her, upright, cold, and still as a marble figure, while her eyes perused the golden inscriptions on the black tablets on tho w alls; around. There was a row of these tablets ; there was a little space left for the future dead, hardly more than for two names, close to the door. Suddenly n light shone in Amelia’s eyes, and an invisible finger wrote upon the space left for another black marble tablet, “ Adal bert Louis Maria Alverley,” the name of her grandfather. There was a movement of her lips as her own imagination found these words. This was no place for her to kneed in. For whom was she to pray ? She hated the whole race, and desired vengeance on them ! And yet the fair girl impressed her, and an incomprehensible feeling of union with her overcame her at the sight of her kneeling form so completely in harmony with all around her, and with the past. Tt was her right and her duty to kneel ; but it was not Amelia’s. Femia arose ; she pointful Iter hand to tin; wall at (fie side of the altar. “The little staircase to the vault, leads from thence. Shull we go and visit tho dead ?” Amelia nodded, and they went down. “ Tt is by the finger of destiny,” thought Amelia, “that 1 am thus early reminded of my vow. T stand here between the dead old man and my living mother. Both shall have justice.” Bow after row the coffins lay side by side, each covered with black velvet, on which w as worked a cross in white silk, w'ith, at. the head of each, a little brass tablet, with the name of the deceased. And a!! the. dead who lav here, whether man or woman, here the name of Maria. At the coffin of hep mother Femia again prayed, or t ried t o <h t so, for the vieinit y of her companion disturbed her, and she determined that she would neycr again visit tin's hallowed place with her since she had so little sym pathy, did not make a single erspihy. and nnlv coldly read all the names. Femia lit t[o guessed what was going on in her companion's heart at the sight of those velvet covered coffins ; she did not know that even here she had fixed Inn- eyes on a dark corner of the vault, and had in imagination placed another coffin there, and spread over it its velvet pall ; had fastened on the brass tablet which bore tbe inscription. Adalbert Louis Maria. Alverley. At last Amelia broke (he silence. “ flow are the eidims brought down ?” she asked. Femia pointed to the ceiling of the vault. “The boards of flic [For above arc removed, and so tbe opening id’ those iron doors be comes easy. She ascended (he steps and Amelia, followed her. “ It is a pleasant finding that all my ancestors arc here.” said Femia, “and that I shall rest here myself.” “There is not room for many more coffins ” observed Amelia, as if speaking to herself. T am the last Alverley,” replied Euphe mia, “ Only my father and I have a right to he buried here. My uncle died some little time since at a distance.” “ Eat I thought it was customary to bring even tliOKo who die at a distance to the family vault,” said Miss Burgess with emphasis. “ I do not know why iny father (lid not think of this. But the brothers, alas, were not friends.” At this moment she would again have laid her arm in Amelia’s, but her companion suddenly moved, avoided it, and turned to wards the girl a face whiter than the marble of the grave-stones, lips colourless and pressed close together, eyes staring with a dull lire, and yet with an iudoscribale look like that of a snake. Amelia lost her self-control, and all the rancour of her soul broke forth, only for a moment, but with so much the more force. Her black veil surrounded her ghost-like face ; she moved her lips convulsively as if she would speak ; yet not the least sound came forth, but a shadow passed through her whole frame. Then she made a decided step forward, placed her arm quickly, but with a. certain reluctance, in Femia’s, forced her self to smile, and said in a deep vibrating voice : “ Pardon mo my weakness and my strange behaviour, which may well have; surprised you ; the air down there must have been hurtful. I never go into a vault, the air oppresses me so. I am very childish.” Femia seemed satisfied, but she could not forget Amelia’s fearful look. She felt instinctively that the girl was quite ditforent from herself, though she already exercised an influence over her from which she could not withdraw', and it was quite possible that the sudden change from the tainted air to the fresh breath of summer might have had the effect attributed to it. “ How do you like the portrait,” asked the young painter of Amelia, who was carefully studying the almost completed picture of Lady Euphemia. “ T am no judge of art,” she said carelessly, “bnt it is a beautiful portrait.” “I mean do you think it like? Do you think I have succeeded in transferring those angelic features to my canvas? I am very anxious for your opinion, Miss Burgess, for you are a stranger here like myself. Rela tives are seldom good judges of n likeness. Mr. Marehmont is enchanted with it.” She shrugged her shoulders, and there Avas an indesribablo look of contempt on her face as she mentioned the opinion of Fcmia’s in tended. And this fooling of scorn was suffi ciently strong to OA'crcomc the anger which rose in her heart when this young man placed himself on her own level ; when he spoke of himself as being like her, a stranger in the castle. Sho stepped close up to tho picture, and while she accompanied her avotiIs Avitli a. movement of the hand, site said smiling : “You have given the general expression ; the picture looks Amry like her ; hut it is not her self ; it might he like a sister. Lady Euphemia is not to be painted ; her counten ance changes too often. She is like a sensi tive plant Avhich closes Avitli every emotion oi joy or narrow, and becomes different. Bui. pardon me ; you asked my opinion.” “You arc quite right, Miss Burgess,” be re plied Avannly “ You make Avhat T was think ing over quite clear. But I shall make; no alterations in tho picture. It will remain in Lord Alverley’s possession when his daughter marries, a.nd if he is satisfied my end is at tained. But T have another wish—.before. I leave this house permit me to take your like ness and to keep it.” Amelin, thought for a moment : Ihen she replied with quickness and in fhe sarcastic tone which she Avas accustomed to employ Avhen six' talked to the young painter during the sittings, at Avhich she kneAv Unit lie. looked much more at her than at the lady he avuk painting : “As furniture for your studio, Mr. Sydney? You Avish to hang me up as is very commonly done, as a mere ornament to your Avails. Tt is not so ? ” “ No,” he replied hastily, “ no.” “And for Avliat else? That you maybe aide to say to visitors, 1 lately passed a monlb in an old mansion and painted a beautiful angel-lady, with me and exhibit here. So noble a lady could not be exposed to the com - mon gaze, and besides every stroke of the pencil was repaid in gold. But there was also the young lady’s companion there, a grave but rather assuming person, whose picture 1 have brought away as a remembrance of my A'isit.’” She spoke as if she was reading the, words, which must wound and anger him, from a book. She Avisliod to wound and anger. She must have some one to give pain to in order to give vent to the wrath with which her heart was filled, and she looked on the painter as her victim. She was not blind to the way in which his eyes often seemed to bang on her looks, and often charmed him by her pleasing manners, lie might serve as a tool to further her plans. “ Miss Burgess !” cried Sydney in a sudden outbreak of passion, before which the im moveable Amelia started back. He seized her hand and pressed it closely. “ You hurt me,” she said between her lips. “ And do you not hurt me also ? Have you not done all you could to vex me, to drive me mad ? Have you not seen how my love for you has tormented me ? Are you blind concerning me ? I will paint you that I may thereby gain time to remain here, where I can look into your eyes and continue to re ceive the cold words which you always be stow on me. But I tell you that it is not your picture that I wish to have but yourself, and if you have a heart give me an answer at once.” There was much that was battering to a woman’s ear in the fiery words of the painter To be so loved filled her soul with triumph, and her look betrayed it. She had wished it thus, and her object was attained. A thought passed quickly through her mind enticing and lovely as the song of a summer bird. She might give him her hand and become the wife of a distinguished artist, lead a quite life. Independent, and free from care, she might fulfil her womanly duties in the family circle. She strove to drive back these thoughts. She had once said The heart Is a fool,” and these words she now repeated to herself. “Mr. Sydney,” she said, “you are a man whom I greatly regard, and you are an artist whose talent I admire. I will forget what you have just said to me, and which I have given you no right to utter. Tell me if it had been the Lady Euphemia, who had called forth such violent affection would jmu have ventured to speak to her as you have to 'me V” “ Yes,” he cried, with inconsiderate warmth. She gave him her hand. “ Thank you,” she said. “ You shall paint me, but be content with the copy, the original would not make you happy—no man,” she continued in a low voice to herself. “ Jt is a want in my nature that I cannot love.” “ Yrou are a sphynx.” “ And you are not able to guess me.” Mr. Marchmont entered the studio. “ I thought I should have found Euphemia here,,’ },e said excusingly with a look of surprise. | “ And you find her companion, who is for getting her dutv,” replied Amelia, as with a slight bow she moved towards the door. “ Pray remain, Miss Burgess,” returned the young man. “ I should like to hear whether you like the portrait.” /(iood gracious ! to what an honour I am all'at once advanced that every one wishes to hear my opinion. I irst the painter of the lady, then her lover.” She spoke in the mon otonous quiet tone which she always assumed with gentlemen. Nothing beyond what she said could he gathered from this equal tone of voice ; there was no emotion, no emphasis. “ You have been consulting Miss Burgess ?” said .Julius, turning to the painter. “ Yes, and I agree with her.” “ It is and it is not like,” remarked the companion, “ according to the eyes with which you look at the picture. “ But when you stand before it it must alwavs he looked at with the most beautiful eyes.” ‘ Amelia raised her eyelids, and gave an un voluntary glance at the cavalier who had ven tured to oli'cr her so insipid a piece of flattery in the presence of another : then without a word she turned away, and slowly quitted the room as if she had heard nothing. It was impossible to carry out her first design, which was to feign an interest in Julius Marchmont and to detach him from Euphemia. He was to her less than nothing. The two men looked after her, and re mained silent for a while under the impres sion which she had left. “ That is a wonderful creature,” observed Marchmont, “her beauty is enough to turn one’s brain.” “ And her coldness,” added Sydney, who was secretely rejoicing at Amelia’s contemp tuous look at her flatterer. “ Have yon made this discovery in person i" “ She has given me a dismissal ; why should I make a secret of it ? She permits me to carry away her portrait, but she herself will remain here.” “ I condole with you,” said Julius iron ically. “ Who knows whether there is not rather cause to congratulate me. I believe that all that calm covers a volcano, and woe to him who calls forth an outbreak. This Miss Bur gess with her calm manner can be both angry and scornful, and I do not desire that her large black eyes should shoot lighting at me. She seems as if she were playing a part.” “That is always the case with young men,” laughed Marehmont. “ First, love inflames their hearts ; then, when they are rejected, it is but a step to hatred. T prefer a. peaceful preference without any emotion. Miss Bur gess is a very interesting person ; she is like champagne which tickles our palates, she electrifies our nerves but for herself she has a heart like a stone. And I am persuaded,” he continued “ that when we see the portrait of tin’s dark lady we shall be aide to say con fidently it is herself.” Before Amelia went to seek Femia in the garden she visited the old lord. With noise ! less tread she entered the hall in which he was walking, and wished him a silent good morning by a deep curtsey. She always saluted him in this humble, silent manner, lie cause in her heart she had no good wishes to offer him. He accounted for this behaviour ! by supposing it to be respect, and she daily gained ground with the singular old man. “ My lord,” she began in the clear voice which lie liked, because weakness was dis pleasing to him, “the artist, Mr. Sydney, has offered me his hand.” “ Then you will leave us,” he broke in, with evident signs of alarm, while he struck his stick on the floor and looked her full in the face. I “ No,” she replied calmly, though inwardly rejoicing in his manner, “ no ; I have told him that lie may paint me—nothing more ; and I want to request you to prolong your invitation to him for the time he requires.” j And now Lord Alverley began to think, and wondered that the companion had not been ready at once to become Mrs. Sydney. “ For my daughter’s sake and my own, I am very glad that you have refused him. But have you thought of your future, Miss Burgess ? Sydney is an artist who is much sought after, and he offers you an easy life. Besides, your marriage would not take place immediately, and you might leave my house at the same time with Femia.” She bit her lip. Tin's was the only sign of her displeasure at his speech. “ I can remain till his daughter leaves home. I shall be paid for these twelve months, and then go,” she thought. She must provide for her own maintenance, but she never thought whether her heart had any feeling of love for the painter. Her mind was filled with the idea that there stood the man who suffered bis brother to die in want and idiocy. “I must think of my future, my lord, and for that reason alone I could not become Mrs. Sydney.” There was a kind of expression of her bitter feeling in the metallic tone of: her voice, and old Alverley, who could hear very distinctly when he chose, thought : “ That is exactly the way in which a princess would speak if she were advised to marry a respect able citizen.” Then, “ Of course be may remain here as long as he pleases,” he said. She bowed and went into the garden. “A clever girl ; she never forgets her position. Her quiet noiseless ways, her free dom from emotion is very pleasant to an old man. When Femia is the wife of Julius Marclnnont, Miss Burgess can remain with me, and make it easier for me to bear the separation from my daughter. An yet there is something mysterious about her ; she seems as if she were not one person but two, and could at another time take an entirely differ ent manner, show a different countenance and speak in another voice. But this is folly.” He struck his stick on the ground, settled his velvet cap and walked on. Julius March mont came through the hall on his way to join the ladies in the garden. “ I am come,” he said, after saluting the earl, “ to hear Femia sing. Miss Burgess has been so sorrowful that she has been unable to sing as yet, and Femia’s regard for her companion has caused us all this privation. This evening we shall have a double pleasure, dear father, in the dancing and the singing.” “ Yes, and Miss Burgess has fixed the time,” interposed the old earl. “ Euphemia wished to have some music in the afternoon, but she says she can only sing this evening. Sing ing is for twilight or night ; it loses in the sunshine. If I understand, she is right.” “ Own that she is right, and that you are all fascinated by her cold beauty as well as the painter she lias refused.” Lord Alverley continued: do not speak disrespectfully of that lady ; she behaves with proper reserve, and fulfils the duties of her situation with great tact.” “ Granted, my lord. Miss Burgess is most queenly in all her ways, and I own we | are fascinated, even as you declare, by her cold beauty-” “ Ah!” ' “ But fascination is not love, and we do not aspire to rivalry in rejection with the un happy painter—our friend.” Julius bowed and left the hall. (To be continued. ) 