LIFE OF HON. WILLIAM FOBSTEB. (From Hoaton's ' Men of tho Time.') Tho Hon. William Forstor, late Agent Gonoral for Now South Wales, was 'born at Madras in 1818, and came to Australia when he was about eleven years of ago. Like many of tho publio men of this colony, ho was a pupil of Mr. W. T. Cape. At an early age ho entered into squattins pursuits.. ? Whilst so occunied. he did not negloot literature. About tho time that Mr. Bobortson was acting as the delegate of the squatters, and appealing to the Govornor for redress, Mr. Forstor wrote a satire having the same end in viow, which he published in the ?Atlas' newspaper,' under the title of The .Devil and the Governor.' In tliin piece he dis played his power of using stinging words. Mr. Forster also wrote a satire entitled ' The Genius and the Ghost,' a dialogue between the genius of Sydnoy and the ghost ,o,{ transportation. During the Crimean war he wrote a sonnet in more solemn strain on1 national grandeur and decay. But his genius for satire has boon more allied with tho logio and eloquence of publio orations than with the art of versification, in whioh ho has shown that he can oxcol. Shortly after the introduction of Bcsponsible Govern ment, Mr. Forster mode himself known to the people of this country as a leader in Parlia mentary conflicts. At differont times ho repre sented East Sydney, St. Leonards, the Hastings, Qiieanbeyan, Illawarra, and Murrumbidgee. From tho time of his entering Parliament Mr. Forster was a keen critio of the Cowper Ad ministration. Agreeing with that Administra tion on political prinoiples, he was ever on the alert to detect inconsistency in their praotices. When the education question camo on, the de nominational tendencies of Mr. Cowper's 8ohemo offered an opportunity for attack. That Government was defeated, and Mr. Forster was entrusted with the work of forming a Ministry. He associated with himself Mr. John Blaok (as Minister for Lands),' Mr. Saul Samuel (as Treasurer), Mr. G. Eager (as Minister for Works), Mr. E. Wise (afterwards Judgo of tho Supremo Court, as Attorney-General), and Mr. J. F. Hargrave (now Mr. Justice Hargrave, as Solicitor-General). This Ministry was defeated on their Upper Houso Eleotoral Bill, and re tired in March, 1860. Mr. Forster has not, since that time, been at tho head of an Ad ministration, although the opportunity of taking that position was offered to him in May, 1872, when the Martin Ministry was defeated on the border duties question. He was Colonial Sooretary in Mr. Martin's first Ministry, and Secretary for Lands in Mr. Boberteon's second Ministry. From February 9th, 1876, to Feb ruary 7th, 1876, he was Colonial Treasurer in tho Bobortson Ministry, and on that date was appointed Agent- General for the colony of New South Wales, resident in London. Mr. Forster's talents have, been chiefly displayed in opposi tion. In tho strength and culture of his logical powers he was foromost in Parliament. Since his residence in England he has publishod two or throo poetic works, notably ' Tho Weir wolf,' a tragedy. 