BBOTHEE ANTONIO (From Scr[brier's Magazine.) IN some forgotten ruler's reign, There stood an abbey in priest-ruled Spain, Tenanted by the jolliest friars That ever drank from a wassail-bowl, Or ate good dinners beside good fires, Or prayed the sins from a dead man's soul. They had good cellars of rare old wine; They ato and slept on a generous plan; Had well-stocked larders and "viands fine, And all that comforts the natural man. They led a sordid, luxurious life And waged with Satan nis ghostly strife J ~ Never, I wot, their fat knees wore Prayerful dints in the cold stone floor. All the brethren were past their youth;] All bore traces of deep excess ; And all had grown, in their search for.truth, Rivals in pious paunchiness. But blowaier, broader than all the rest, Brother Antonio stood confessed, Easy of visage, and short of wind, As merry a monk as ever sinned; With prominent stomach and double chin, And mouth to empty a wine-cask in; Plump of body and round of limb You would have said, had you looked at him, Some cherub of Rubens (himself no stunt A glutton in colour-a sot in paint) Tempted by goodies, the greedy £lf, Had leaped from the canvas and dressed him *elf. How it happened and what befell, None of the friars would ever tell; But Brother Antonio, hardened Iong In sinful surfeit and selfish wrong, Mado all the brotherhood stand aghast By setting boldly aside at last Even the loose elastic rule Of their indulgent and sordid school. No look of pity their features wore Only a stern judicial gloom When they assembled in solemn state, In the deep-embrasured council-room, To prove his guilt and pronounce his fate From volumes of old monastic lore; Grimly the gravest read his doom- . ' ? To cease from among them forevermore. They could not redden their hands with gore; So as the quickest and cleanest way Of hiding his error forevermore, They exiled him far from the light of day Doomed him for life to that dismal place, The crypt, where their sainted brethren lay, To pay the price of his dire disgrace; And while he prayed them, with pallid face, To lift his sentence and shrive his sin, They opened a tomb in the wall's thick stones, And, Bhoving the former incumbent's bones Into a corner, they pushed him in. In vain he struggled against their might In mortal anguish of soul and brain. They settled the ponderous blocks aright, Cementing them firmly in place again, And sealed him up in his living grave With never a friend to shrive or save ; Leaving him there in the dreary tomb With a gourde of water, and standing room. (He should not perish, they said, of thirst, They would let him starve or stifle firat.) Buried alive ! Abhorrent doom! How he struggled and cursed his fate ! Left alone in that ghastly tomb. With horrible fungi and musty murk, And nothing to do but watch and wait For slow starvation to do its work!, Buried alive! and his soft, white hands Bug and scraped at the stubborn stones, And he shrieked entreaties and vain com mands, And vexed the silence with threats and groans. The vicious skeleton elbowed him, And when he shrunk from its noisome touch, It seemed to follow with purpose grim And grip his throat with a stifling clutch, Till his starting eye-balls almost saw Its horrible head and fieshless jaw In luminous outline bare and stark Against the solid and crowding dark. The sight would a stouter heart appall, And Brother Antonio crouched and shrank, And pressed his face to the rough stone wall In deadly fear of the skeleton monk. j It happened that on the other side ! Of the eatacombed wall so thick and wide, Another houseful of holy mwi. Quite removed from their neighbours ken, Knowing nought of their neighbours deeds. Scourged the flesh for the spirit's good, Sung their matins and told their beads, A happy and prosperous brotherhood. Much did these excellent brothers grieve ? That none among them was quite a saint, And morn and midnight and noon and eve, They prayed with humble and heart-felt plaint That one of their order, gone before, Would deign to visit the earth once mors And be their teaoher to help tad save With wisdom brought from beyond the gave. Musing on this and many more I Similar subjects of ghostly lore, j One evening Brother Filippo took I Hia frugal taper and missal-book, I And stole away by the turret stair j I For a secret season of silent prayer; - I But he bethought him before he went) I Into his cell's chill banishment, j Of a cobwebbed flagon rare and old- I A famous vintage which long ago I He had hidden away in the dust and mould I Of the dim and shadowy crypt below. f Little he cared for spectres grim I With glaring eye-holes and hollow breast- I Never a ghost had troubled him; I And he followed fearless his secret quest I Where, far from the wholesome light of day, I His predecessors were laid away I Solong ago that they paved the stones I With a basso-relievo of mouldy bones, I And as he quietly picked his way I Over his sainted brethren's clay j (Or, stating it more correctly, lime), I And musfid on the changes of life and time, I To his pondering soul it must have seemed, I While the flickering flare of his taper gleamed I On mortal relics and mildewed stones, j That tho one fixed fact in the' world was | bones. I There were bones in7] many and quaint I designs; , ' I In rows and pyramids, squares and lines, I Curves and angles and wings and lyres, I Droll wheel-patterns with skulls for hubs, I Bibs for felloes and spines for tyres; I Cheerful fancies of hearts and clubs I (These in honour of long past games I When these relics wore skins and names); I Bones in triplets and bones in pairs, J Arcs and circles, rosettes and squares Bones in every position placed, I Bones on the most abounding plan- I Never so vast a number graced I The happiest dream of a medical man. I And skulls ; they met him on every side, I Spectral and grissly and vacant-eyed; I Skulls above him, around, beneath, I In every possible stage of teeth; Some had regular rows of pearls, I Some were fanged like a savage beast, I While some had cuspids like fair young I girls'- I White as rice-grains; and there was one I Uncommonly old and holy priest, I With teeth worn level by life's long feast, I And a calm expression of work well done. I But Brother Filippo faced the throng I Fearless, and mused, as he stole along, I How strange when life is alert and glad, J And death is dreaiy, and cold and dull, I That living faces are mostly sad, j And nothing grins like a dead man's skull! I Hark! The friar turned with a nervous start j And a sudden plunge of his shrinking heart. J From his jocund nose and his rosy jowl I Ebbed in a moment the rich red blood, I And terror struck to his inmost soul, I As thud-thud-thud-thud . Came four dulled sounds from a walled-up j tomb, Smiting his sense like the strokes of doom. I His very skull-cap shrank appalled; J Doubtless his hair would have risen straight I Except that his head was shiny bald- I Bald as & biscuit by time or fate ; I Froze his heart with a deathly r.hill; j Died on his lips the mumbled prayer, I His jaw dropped wido and hia pulso etood I still I With a sudden and awful sense of scare, I And down on the damp unfriendly ground I Ho dropped in a deep and breathless swound. Whether tho touch of dead men's bones, I Or tho solid whack on the cruel stones I Restored his senses, he rallied soon, And with many a tumble wrench^ and I sprain His haste and terror contemning pain (His light was out, and there shone no moon) I He scrambled and struggled, bruised and lame, Back by the crooked way ho came,- I The winding vault and the steep stone stair I Leading to life and light and air,- I Losing all he could leave behind, I Taper, and sandals, and presence of mind. The brothers gathered with spade and pick- I And something of nervous dread, withal- I And lifting the cobwebs dense and thick, J They pried a stone from the massive wall, I And lo! in answer to all their quest,- j Pale with fasting, with terror faint, I His white hands folded across his breast,- I He stood discovered-their prayed-for saint.' Whatever had been Antonio's crime, He was always cunning, old or young, And he saw that this was a proper time To cast up his eyes and hold his tongue. They lifted him gently with many prayers, This new-fledged saint, from his stone cocoon; They carried him tenderly up the stairs With faces of awe-struck joy-and soon They made him splendid with garments brave, Warmed him with cordials rich and strong, And sculptured arches and stately nave Sent back the strains of their welcome-song. Sobered by danger and fear and grief, For even friars from these may learn, Brother Antonio vowed to turn Over a brand-new moral leaf. To be devoted, sincere, and good, And live as a godly friar should. He prayed and studied and fasted much; | The fame of his saintship circled wide; The sick were brought for his healing touoh From the furthest bound of the countryside; The simple peasantry far and near Held him holy; ana young and old Sought his counsel with faith sincere, And, stinting their stomachs of needed bread, Bought his blessing for so much gold, And half believed he could raise the dead. But sudden conversions seldom last; And ere a year of his saintship passed, In spite of vigils and prayers galore, Brother Antonio fell once more Heavier, harder, deeper, lower, Farther and worse than he did before. And the sorrowing brethren, shocked and grieved, To find how sore they had been deceived, Looked upon him as one accursed No saint, but a doubly sinful man; And remembering how they had found him', first, Could think of no surer or better plan, To cleanse their skirts of thin fKgmgl gtain, Than to put hint back in his hole again. So, after Vespers, they took him down Where the broken tomb was gaping wide; The resident skeleton, tall and brown, And the empty water-gourd still inside (The stone had never since been replaced); And they clad him again in his mildewed gown, With the hempen rope's-end about tie waist, The same that when he arrived he wore, And plastered him as he was before, With his marrowless enemy, stark and grim, And the ravenous rats to companion hiT Meantime the brothers who doomed him first Had seldom mentioned his awful fate; His name among them had been accursed And rarely heard in his former home. Only genial Brother Jerome Missed and mourned for his buried mate. It happened on the same spring day When the guilty monk, for the second time, Had been in the catacomb sealed away To expiate and repent his crime. Gentle Brother Jerome had died, Having pined and pined since the lo&TM; turned brown; -........ - . - *t And now, as the moon b«gan to rise And scatter the light from her silver crown , Over the dewy world outside, TTip brethren gathered to bear him down And lay Kim away to skeletonise. Under the altar,-the usual way, Chill and silent, the dead monk lay; The flickering taper's light revealed TTIH dark-fringed lids in their death-deep sealed, The marblo brows with their classic line, The thin, high nose' and the nostril fine, And the lips that never would open more In aves, paters, or holy hymns ; And tho coarse grey garment he always wore Showing the lines of his rigid limbs. Under its frayed and faded hem Gaunt and pallid, his feet were seen, Bare-and now, for a wonder, clean; Earthly paths were no more for them; And, though not needed in other spheres. His half-worn sandals besido were placecL Two wax-like hands to his pulseless breast A wooden crucifix Btiffly pressed, That hung by his rosary's beaded ohain (Which never would reckon his prayers again) To the hempen girdle about his waist. Dead-in his manhood's ripest prime; Dead-and, spite of his fifty years, "What had he conquered from fate and time P "What had he known of the worth of life? Never upon that lonely breast Had brow of sweetheart or tender wife Hidden in shyness or leaned for rest! Never a child had nestled there, Or tossed and tangled his glossy hair. A wandering breath from the chancel door Blew and fluttered its soft brown rings, Silken-bright as in days of yore, "When in his childhood's delightful springs, Thoughtless of scourges and penances, He ran and sported and laughed for joy Under the thick pomegranato trees % Of fair Granada, a merry boy ! Past all penanco and prayer and pain, The look of his youth came back again. It chanced that the gentle brother's" death Was Seized by Fate as the mournful means Of saving Antonio's failing hreath, And bringing him back to earthly Boenes. For it often ohanced that no living eoal, For months, went down in that dismal hole The last oold bedroom of all the friars, Wherein when once they were laid to sleep, No oall to matins or chant of choirs _ , Gould rouse them;-down in that dismal deep, Far from the pure, rebuking sky, Irreverent rodents, alert and sly, But daring from numbers and fierce withal, Wary as friars, and sleek no lesB, Held with the relios high oarnival, And throve on the husks of holiness. But Brother Jerome was dead-and so His comtadeB gathered in mournfal pairs, Some bearing him down to the vaults below. While others followed with ohanta and prayers It almost seemed, ere they reached the end, That the monk had perished to save his friend. Harki Their pallid tapers, with wavering spark, Only served to reveal the dark And the skeleton heads-a grewsome Bight Whioh, glad of some presence besides them selves, Seemed to nod in the flickering light, And grin and gibber along the shelves Hark! Was it a rat, that in yonder ohink Their tapers' glimmer soarce reached BO far With a grim anticipatory wink, Looked up from gnawing a fibula ? Each monk turned timidly round to see What the cause of the noise might be, And thud-thud-thud-thud, There came a knocking that froze their,blood, From the very tomb where long ago They had walled up Brother Antonio 1 Within, the famished and desperate saint, Cramped by the chilly, close constraint, Was struggling to make his presence known By pounding for life with a stray thigh-bone. Each Bhrunk from Bhowing before the rest The awful terror that filled his breast; Had there been but one, he had atraightway fled In a headlong panic of frantic dread, As brother Filippo had done, one day ; For courage, like fire, 'tis safe to say Though none of the brothers the faot would own Is apt to languish when loft alone. At last the bravest of all the band He had the muscle and brawn of five Said-oroesing himself with a trembling band "fTis Brother Antonio, stiU alive The wonder widened, and one and all Fell to work at the massive wall, While Brother Antonio's muffled tones Urged them on from behind the stones. At last they reached him; with pale hands pressed Prayerfully on his ample breast, . ! He stood, with hie rapt eyeB raised on high, And face with fasting and fear made wan, Like the pallid statues tbat stand for aye Niche-enshrined in the Pantheon. Lo, a miracle 1 All their eyes _ Opened wider with awed surprise Sorely, none but a saint could live Eleven long months in a hole like this I And all were eager and glad to give Hononr to such rare holiness Humbly the pale and wondering throng Pressed around with obeisance low, Praying his pardon for all the wrong Done in blindness so long ago. And, as though to welcome the wise old boy, The rows of skulls on the narrow shelves Grimaced and grinned in the general joy, And talked it over among themselves. Brother Antonio knew full well He bad cheated death by a marvel twice, And haply the spectre tbat shared bis cell Gave him some opportune advice. Be that aB it may, he took good heed To mind his warnings and mend his ways, Atoning by righteous life and deed For all the errors of former daya ; So he lived revered aB a saint Bhould be, And he died in the odour of sanotity, And when at last he was laid away, Hia journey ended for good and all, And nobody beard him, by night or day, Knocking for help in the thick Btone wall. . COLOiTBiKO FOB SOUPS AND GBAVIES.-Put four ounces of lump sugar, a gill of water, and half-an-onnce of the finest batter into a small toeser, andjset it over a gentle fire; stir it with a wooden spoon till of a bright brown. Then add hall a pint of water; boil, skim, and when cold, bottle and cork it close. Add to soup or gravy as much oi this as will give a proper colour. CHANCELLOR'S OB CABINET PCDDIHG.--Boi a pint of cream with a bit of lemon peel and some fine sugar, and pour it hot over a half pound of crumbled newly- baked. Savoy cako in a basin. Cover the dish. "When the cream is soaked np add the yolks and whites of eight eggs, separately well whisked. Bahe the pudding and serve with custard sauce. 1 Stoned dates, plums or raisins may be added, and also minced marrow almonds, and grated citron. . 