THE RETURN OF THE PRODIGAL. BY MB. MATTHEW BURNETT. Preached in Pine-street Church on 80th May. TEXT.—" It was meet that we should maJce merry and be glad; for this thy brother was dead, and is alive again; and was lost, and is found.—Luke xv. 32. When the Prince of Peace tabernacled on eartli among men he frequently spoke to the multitude in parables. The object that he sought to accomplish was to simplify great truths and bring them down to the capacity of the minds of his auditors, who, as He mo red from village to village, town to town, city to city, hung breathless on His lips as he s[>ake to them concerning that divine mission which he had received from God, even the Father, and which He came from heaven to earth—by His life and sacrificial death, resurrection, ascension, and then His accession—to establish for ever among men. If you turn to your Bibles you will see that Jesus had gathered around Him PUBLICANS AND SINNERS, or, in other words, a class of men who were known as tax-gatherers, and others who ordinarilydo not profess to have faith in Jehovah, or in anything of a spiritual character. These men were attracted there by the evergrowing fame of JeBUB of Nazareth, whose wondrous miracles attested the divinity of His character; and the effect of these miracles, as they were made manifest among the rich as well as the poor—apart altogether from His spiritual work as the Divine Healer of the souls of men—was to make Him the centre of an ever- widening influence and power. As a Divine magnet He drew towards His own great heart of boundless love, benevolence, and compassion, all gradeB and all classes in the various communities amongst whom He labored. No sooner did the proud, haughty SCRIBES AND THARISEEB recognise among the auditors of Jesus of Nazareth those publicans and sinners, then they commenced at once to find fault with the Great Teacher for . what He had done. I want you to observe the spirit in which they spoke. It was a spirit of bitter opposition; it was a spirit which, if you. will just for a moment analyse it, has cutting irony and sarcasm connected with it. "This man," said they, referring to Jesus, " receiveth sinners, and not only does He receive them, but He eateth with them!" What was the definite objeot of Christ's mission from heaven to earth t Xt was to save the myriads of mankind who for four thousand years had been waiting for the fulfilment of the promises which dearly predicted the advent, the r life, ^fye. spprificial death of the long-promised Messiah. What was His one specific object t It was to redeem—it was to Bave our race; it was to restore and bring back to another, a purer, and more enduring Eden, man, who had forfeited, by reason of wilful transgression and sin, the .first Eden, which four thousand years before he occupied when he came freBh from God, and had the image of the ever-blessed Trinity stamped upon him. Jesus at once commenced to speak to the proud, haughty Pharisees end scribes. He does not for one moment wish to deny that He had re- ' ceived sinners into His presence, and had allowed them to eat with Him. But He takes hold of the words of these men, and they supplied Him with material for no' less than three parables.' [The preachy? here referred briefly to th^ parables of the shepherd and the woman .who lost the piece of silver, and continued]—Jesus then reasons with the Scribes and Pharisees. He puts it to them : Was there joy in the heart of that shepherd when he found his lost sheep, or of that poor woman when she discovered her missing coin ? There was truly great joy. That joy was of an earthly character, but it was real—it was legitimate. But I have to speak to you of a joy, the nature and extent of which far exceeds and outweighs all other, in its character and in its direct moral and spiritual bearing upon those who participate in it, both for time and for eternity—a joy which has its seat in the great heart of my Father in heaven—a joy which is experienced in the presence of God by the holy angels when a sinner repents of his sin and returns back to his Heavenly Father. Closely and inseparably connected with the two parables which I have just briefly glanced at in passing along, stand what the late Dr. James Hamilton, of London, designated the pearl of all parables—that of the Prodigal Son. We are first introduced to a young man who, on attaining his majority, simply goes to his father and asks him for his just right. He RECEIVES HIS LEGACY, or his fortune. His brother receives his also at the same time. Then the younger brother bids his father and his friends " good-bye," and determines to travel. He goes into a far country, and, having all that he could desire to have—youth, health, gold, and silver—he for a season ENJOYS LIFE. But I must here remind you, at the commencement of this address, that there is a line to be distinctly 1 drawn here. God has given to you and to me bodies ; and these bodies are temples of the Holy Ghost, where he intends to take up his abode. Each member of these bodies is intended to be, if sanctified by God's Spirit and by God's omnipotent grace, an instrument for good. Every member of our bodies is intended to be consecrated to God's service. Health is one of the greatest of earthly blessingB ; and how much you and I should prize it whilst we have it. And then there are certain enjoyments in life which are rational and legitimate, iand which come within the range of all of us ; but the moment we break the laws of health—the instant we transgress any one of them, that moment we have to pay down a severe penalty. There will be a retributive providence overtaking us here, and, unless we repent, in the great and terrible hereafter, There was nothing objectionable whatever, in the young man: mentioned' by Jesus Christ, when he reoeivdd his money, taking that money and travelling and enjoying life—nothing objectionable in him going to a far country. I believe there is nothing in our own time that will expand our intellect, or give a more intimate knowledge of men 'and things, or the various phases of humanity, like travel. Where this young man made the mistake was in taking the gold and silver which God had given ta him as a precious gift, and instead of sanctifying it as he ought to have done to God, and placing it on God's altar, taking it and gratifying those baser passions, of his as yet unrenewed and uhgenerated nature. On and on he goes, until at last he becomes what we should designate in these modern timeB A PERFECT SPECIMEN OF A LIBERTINE. He goes into those excesses which, when indulged in, degrade our humanity, and place man, one of the noblest of God's created workmanship, on a par with the lower orders of creation. He violates the laws of health; he prostitutes the talent—that of money—which God gave to him for a high and a Godlike object; and by-and-by we are introduced to him, but not until he has gone almost to the last link in the chain of sin; we are introduced to him when he has become a complete wreck. The glow of health has departed. The fire, all the vivacity and the buoyancy of youth have fled. There are unmistakable signs, as you meet this young man who has Bown to the flesh, that of the flesh he is now reaping corruption ; and he realiBes, as many in this congregation and in this city and throughout the entire world have done, that "though hand join in hand the wicked shall not go unpunished," that " the way of the transgressor is hard," and that no man or woman can Bin clearly against light, truth, knowledge,, and better judgment without suffering the consequences even in this life. We are introduced to him now as a prematurely old man. He is reduced almost to penury and to want, Though well educated and, doubtless, well versed in the Old Testament Scriptures, which had been in existence thousands of years prior to the advent of our illustrious Lord and Redeemer; though he had a perfect model always placed before his mind's eye in the character which had been revealed to him of Jehovah, God blessed for evermore ; and though he had been instructed at home in connection with those precepts which affected his highest form of being here, and which affected his eternal and undying hereafter, he had violated the laws and broken the commandments both of God and of man. And now we find him, when reduced to penury and to want, concluding to offer himself to a citizen of the far country to feed swine. Nothing more revolting could possibly be conceived than for one of refined tastes and feelings, and one whose education and training and surrounding had all given him such a repugnance to the work, to do that which now he is compelled of necessity to do. I have met, in the course of my travels, with many of whom the prodigal spoken of here by Jesus Christ may be regarded as a true type. I have met with prodigals on board Her Majesty's navy as well as the merchant ships; I have mfet with them in connection with Her Majesty's regiments during my visit to Gibraltar on my way back to these southern lands in the year 1873 and early in 1874; I |have met with these prodigals in all parts of Victoria; I have there met with men who, in the old land were graduates at Oxford and Cambridge, and some of them had the letters B.A. and M.A. attached to their names—men of culture and men of great learning and research ; I have met with prodigals among the medical faculty; I have met with them among the pleaders who Btood at the Victorian bar; I have met with them among merchants who at one time held foremost positions, and lived in their beautiful mansions, and had servants at their beck and call, and had their coach and pair; I have met with them among all grades in ships, in my travels in Victoria, and the various parts of dear old England, and Ireland, and Scotland ; I have met with prodigals since I came to Adelaide, and many of you present will, though perhaps reluctantly, corroborate my statement that there is no position this side eternity more humiliating than to meet with those who boast that they were born in this nineteenth century, which has been unprecedented in the history of the Church and of the world for Gospel light and privilege, and boast—many of them—too, that they were surrounded by allthoBe influences that cluster round the home with all its hallowed associations ; whose loving fathers and mothers first taught their infant lips to pray, " Our Fatherwho graduated in that nursery of piety, the Sabbath-school ; who, favored above thousands of their fellow-men and women, have, with the clearest light and knowledge, and better judgment, knowingly, wilfully and deliberately departed from God ;fdeparted from the way of His commandments; left the guide-posts which once pointed them to immortality — hewn out for themselves broken cisterns which can hold no water. Oh! what a terrible position is that of the prodigal. O fathers ! O mothers! If you have a prodigal son or daughter, never cease thinking of them or fervently pitying for them. Oh, all who love Jesus Christ, by whatever name you are called among men; whatever your church, or distinct creed, or peculiar tenets of belief, NEVER TREAT THE PRODIGAL HARSHLY or hardly, but follow him up wherever you find him, and deal with him just as Jesus did. " And he went into the fields to feed swine; and he fain would have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat; and no man gave unto him." Where are the men who, when thou hadst health and strength, and position, and money, and fine clothes, were thy acquaintances P Where are the men who used to gather round thy table where the choicest wine sparkled ? Where are the men who used to make thee their confidant, their trusted friend, when the sun of prosperity shone brightly on thy path f Where are they, poor prodigal? Read the life 6f John B. Gough, the world-renowned temperance orator. " Many of the gentlemen," he says, " whom I met in connection with various hotels and other places; gentlemen whom I used to convulse with laughter ; gentlemen who used to sing my praises when they filled up again and again their glasses of wine and of grog ; gentlemen who, under the influence of artificial excitement, regarded me as one of the most wonderful of their associates and friends—when the hour arrived that the sense of prosperity had fled from me, and when my clothes nad grown shabby, and when I had not a farthing scarcely in my pooket or in the world, and when I was shunned and despised by the respectable around me, these very gentlemen would pass me by on the other side as though they never knew me." The prodigal realised this. No man gave unto him and he went to the last links in his chain of poverty and sin, and almost ruin—he was a perfect wreck, morally, physically, socially, and intellectually ; almost gone. The distant roar of thq eternal billows coming from the vast fathomless eternity are heard, and soon upon the rooks of that shoreless sea the spirit of that young man will strike ; and will become A SHIPWRECK FOB EVER. But, oh, praiBe God! Extol His boundless, eternal love and mercy; now that it iB man's extremity it iB God's opportunity. He has gone now as far as, humanly speaking, he can go, except down to hell. Hej has taken every cup and drained it dry, and realises in hiB own heart that there is nothing that can satisfy the cravings of a restless, undying spirit but the Great Master Spirit—God Himself. And in this pitiable, forlorn, helpless position HE THOUGHT OF THE PAST } of the house of his childhood; of his parents, the guardians of his youth ; and of the comforts connected with that home; the circumstances under which he left it—-the brightness and joy of the morning on which he left; all that he had passed through down to the present. And here, whilst he was glad to have even the husks that the swine did eat, he remembered that there was enough and to spare at his father's table, and then HE MADE A RESOLVE which I hope many in this congregation and city will make now and in connection with the mission which is now nearly closed—" I will arise and go to my father." That was the first step. " I will beg my wiy back to my father's door." He literally had to So this. And you remember one day, when he bame within a reasonable distance of his father's house, that the father, as represented by Jesus, has seen his sou coming in the distance. Now I would like here to remark that true love can never die. The love of father and of mother for the children, of brother for brother, of sister for sister, of children for parents, of friend for friend—what has it not done P what will it not do when put to the test ? We have it strongly brought out here. For years that father, though he regarded his son as one who was lost, yet had in his heart the forlorn hope, "He may be alive." Mr. Burnett here related an appropriate anecdote of an incident which had come under his observation in Melbourne. The father's parental heart beat true to his son, though he had disgraced him and degraded him and the family. When he saw that son in the distance, saw him coming towards home, though he was clothed in rags, that parental heart still beat true to its instincts. You remember that when the father got within a short distance of the son, the old fire was seen sparkling in the eyed of the overjoyed parent. HE RAN TO MEET HIM, and before the son had time to say to him all that his peculiar circumstances suggested; before he could even express the humility and self-abasement of his heart, his sorrow and grief for his conduct,, and for all the wrongs he had done; his father's arms are encircling him, and the lips of a father's parental forgiveness have been imprinted on his lips, and the tears of the father have fallen fast upon his cheeks ! And now, whilst the son is manifesting his humility , and sorrow, and repentance, for the past, the. father has already freely and fully forgiven him; and he calls one of the servants, and says to him, " James, go to a certain wardrobe, and there you will find a costly robe, which has never been worn; bring it and cover my son's rags." And then he says presently, " Return again, and go to a certain drawer, and there you will find, carefully folded away, a ring; bring it and place it on his imger, to prove tp him that I am reconciled to him. Return again, my servant, and in another place you will see a pair of costly shoes, never yet worn; place them upon his feet. Go again { and givp instructions for the fatted calf to be killed ; and then go ont and tell all the servants on the farm that they must suspend labor. Go and tell the musicians that they must assemble together, and there • must be a great festival to celebrate the return of my longlost son, who has come back again in safety from a foreign land to his father's heart, and to hiB father's home. There must be to-night music and dancing, and all must participate in it. In the midst of all this legitimate mirth—this display on the part of the father.because he has had the privilege of embracing his son again, THE ELDER BROTHER RETURNS and he is very wroth with the father. Remember how he speaks to him, reminding him that, all the years since his younger brother got his fortune and went into a foreign country, he has never left home, yet never had even a kid been offered to him that he might make merry with his friends. And you remember how the loving father looks at his son, and how he addresses him — " Son, only wait patiently a little longer, and all that I have is thine. Was there anything unjust or arbitrary in the action that I have taken with all the members of my household and my servants in what I have done this day ? Was it not rather a just thing to do ? Was it not meet that we should be merry, for thiB my son was dead and is alive again ; he was lost, and is found." [Mr. Burnett then sang the words (which were afterwards repeated by the audience)— "Come let us be merry! .... . For this my son was dead, and is alive again; He was lost, and is found." It was now past 8 o'clock, and Mr. Burnett, after expressing regret that conventionalism decreed the close of a service very pften just as it was becoming most effective, on-account of the objection to protracting it beyond an hour and a half, asked for a show of hands as to whether or not he should continue for ten minutes mpre. The response being almbst unanimously in the affirmative, he proceeded] —The one tentral truth which is clearly brought out in the parable is the Divine Fatherhood of God. We' see hotf that God the Eternal Father, six thoiMnd years ago, created man' after H1B own image, and we see how, after man had fallen from his original position whioh he sustained to God in Eden—now from that moment down to the preseiit has gradually, like the prodigal, been weaned away from his Father's heart and from his Father'shome —the home which He has prepared on earth in the great heart of Jesus Christ, His Son, and the spiritual and eternal home which He has reserved for all His faithful followers beyond THE SWELLINGS OF THE FLOOD. And now allow me just to remark that in order that you and I and the thirteen hundred thousand millions of our race who this day people the globe might be restored back again to our spiritual and eternal home, Jesus appeared among men. He lived a life of utmost purity, and then He died an ignominious and sacrificial death on the cross. Jesus by that atoning sacrifice, purchased for us a salvation which saves to the uttermost from hell and all its consequences, from sin and its terrors, to all the life of God here and all the eternal love, the glory which awaits us hereafter. Jesus Christ, by His death, resurrection, and intercession, has provided for all who come to God, the offended Father, through the blood of the atonement of His Son— even though they be in the position and of the character of the Prodigal Son. Weary, sorrowful on account of sin, ruined by the first terrible fall, sunk in sin, and buried in the grave of iniquity, yet awakened by God the Holy Spirit when far away from God and the centre of all happiness— the Cross ; awakened by God the Holy Spirit to a sense of their position, their peril, their danger, and their shame, whilst they remain away from God and outside the ark of safety ; assured by this one blessed and God-inspired Book that at home in the great heart of Jesus Christ there is room for them, knowing as they do that if they will but come home to the Father by way of the eross, and repent at the footstool of that cross on account of their past sins, and give them up and put them away; turn from them and then to God, and hear His voice of mercy, they shall live. To-night I SEE THE PRODIGAL COMING— coming from the very verge of perdition, tracing his steps towards the cross. I behold the Father— the Eternal Father—looking down from the habitation of holiness where he dwelleth ; I behold the prodigal with the tear of penitence flowingdown his cheeks, and the prayer of the contrite going up to God in heaven—" what must I do to be saved V' " God be merciful to me a sinner;" " Against Thee and-Thee only have I sinned ;" " Lord, help me; I am lost, but Thy Son has died." And whilst the prayer from the very depth of a broken heart and a contrite Bpirit goes up to God the Eternal Father ; whilst at the cross there is a complete renunciation of sin of every kind—the gambler vows that he will never more visit the billiard-table, the card-table, or the race-course; the drunkard that he will dash for ever the cup from his lips, and henceforth and for ever seek to be sober and godly ; the blasphemer that he will never again blaspheme the name by which he was created, redeemed, and preserved; the Sabbathbreaker that he will never more desecrate the Sabbath day, but keep it as the type of that brighter and more perpetual Sabbath above ; the sceptic that from this time forward, if God will but forgive him the injury that he has done to society at large in having renounced Jehovah and the Christ whom He sent to save mankind, that he will from this time become the disciple of the lowly Jesus— If, while the prayer is offered up to God from the heart, they will accept the salvation wrought out by Christ and offered by the Father through Him, then the angels of God—His cabinet ministers — ministering spirits sent forth to minister, these listening at the cross shall go back to the Etemal Father, and there in heaven shall exclaim —"Behold! he prayeth;" and a robe of bright unspotted righteousness shall be brought and shall cover all the unrighteousness and unworthiness of these returning prodigals. The ring of reconciliation shall be given to them ; they shall be shod with the preparation of peace, and they shall stand on the land of liberty, and breathe for the first time the atmosphere of freedom. GLORY TO GOD ! . Though I cannot, dare not, do more than conjecture, yet I have the conviction that not only will there be joy to- night in heaven among the angels, but I believe there will be joy among the spirits of the just made perfect, to see the prodigal child restored and come home to Go 1. Ministers, Sunday-school teachers, dear, kind, loving Christian friends, may be permitted to look down from the mansions in light, |and, perhaps, with a joy that finite beings cannot yet realise or even know— these to-night, with the angels and God Himself, may rejoice in the return of a repenting and returning prodigal. Shall there be joy over you tonight P Shall the prayers of your pastors r and ministers and your revered parents and friends, offered for you far away in old England, or Ireland, or Scotland, or Wales, or Victoria, or elsewhere, be answered to-night ? Oh, that God's Spirit might follow you to your homes, follow you to-morrow, as you take your place in the busy mart of commerce,the factory, or the exchange; follow you everywhere—at home, abroad, by sea, or by land. May God's Spirit never leave you, never cease striving with you till you are won to Christ; and, won to Christ, it shall be the commencement of a life, the glories of which shall be consummated amidst the joy of the last great Coronation Day in heaven t W. J. S. 