Geological. Is the Queensland Coast Rising or Sinking? Yours, Ac, £. Thobkx. Bolimba, November 25. SIR,—I can confirm Mr. Devis's opinion as to the rising of the east coast of Queensland, by in- instrumental observations made on the Burnett River and by what I observed casually in the Mary and on Moreton Island. The results of eight jean' observations gave a lowering of six inohes, ».«., the mean height of tidal water de creased that amount with reference to a perma nent mark on the river bank. This isoonolusive, as the greatest amount of error could not exceed one inoh. This gives three-quarters of an inch rise per annum. I now offer some reasons why we cannot expect any other result, and also why the rise will be continuous. Taking the nebular theory as a basis, I find two most powerful agents at work, viz., gravity coupled with contraction by cooling, and the diurnal revolution, equal in round numbers to 950 miles per hour in Queensland. A glance at the equatorial porti n of the map of the world will show the general direction of the mountain ranges, to be meridional? (1.) Take f#r experi ment a bladder moderately blown, give it a rapid rotatory motion, and you will see a perceptible shortening of the axis of revolution. Now let a small portion of air escape, and the bladder becomes wrinkled meridionally. (2.) Take into considera tion the great escape of heat by volcanoes and earthquakes, in order to understand how the earth is slowly decreasing in bulk and increasing in density. Reasoning on those two mathemati cally demonstrated facts, I come to the conclu sion that (1) the bottom of the sea must lower, (2) the land rise, (3) the mountain ranges approach each other. The foregoing conclusions being the result of my own reasoning, must be therefore taken only for what they are worth. The facts on which they are founded are self-evident.—Yours, &a;, J. D. Switzeb. F.B.—lt would be worth while to enquire from America if it will be necessary to take pre cautions against friction on the western edges of rails laid north and south in this colony. I mean additional fastenings, to counteract the tendency of moving bodies being left behind by the earth's rotation. I know this to be theoreti cally correct; the amount, if any, I have only read about in American journals. J. D. S. Sib,—I have read with much interest the letter of Mr. Devis on the subject of the up heaval of the Queensland coast. For some years past I have been collecting information on the matter, and with this view visited many portions of the Barrier Reef last year. The evidence so far is entirely in favor of a former sinking of the land, but there was nothing to show that this is actually going on, or that there may not be a change in the contrary direction. Mr. Devis is not the first to question Darwin's theory of coral reefs. It has already been assailed by some naturalists, and amongst them Mr. Murray, one of the naturalists to the Challenger expedition. I myself have published an opinion that the theory would not account for all the phenomena observed, though generally it accounts for the facts better than any other hypothesis that can be framed. According to this theory the Barrier Reef marks the site or boundary of the submerged portion of the continent. It does not, however, state that the downward movement may not have ceased or even changed into upheaval. I must say, how ever, that I have never seen anything to show the upheaval of the Queensland coast Signs of upheaval are always marked and unequivocal They can be easily studied on the South Austra lian coast, between the mouth of the river Murray and Cape Bridgewater, a distance of between 200 and 300 miles. On this coast line the land for twenty miles or more inland is a series of raised beaches, with sea cliffs and sea shells; and beneath the surface soil, at a few inches, one meets a mass of marine remains in no way differ ing from what is now living in the adjacent seas. There is no such thing on the coast of Queens land, or indeed on any part of the east coast of Australia. All the geological surveys of the east coast have never disclosed the slightest signs of upheaval. The nearest upheaval to the Queens* land coast that I im acquainted with is at New Guinea. Amongst the objects of natural his tory brought home by the Chevert Expedition were some fossils from Katow. They were placed at my disposal to examine aud report upon. Unfortunately the majority were casts and un determinable, but I found four fouuls which oould be described. Two were new to science, and named by me Tcmnechinut macleayana, and Peeten Novte-Qubxtte. Two were specimens of common tropical forma at present living in oar seas—namely, PerontUa dtcagonalit and Phot aentieotut; one a aea urchin, and the other a anivalve shelL The beds I concluded were pliooene or late tertiary. The only other evidence of upheaval or change—for I don't think it can be called more than evidence of change—was a bed of coral 00 the Endeavour River, about half-a-mile from the aea beach, but not much if at all above the Bea leveL The fossils were all of existing special of Turbinaria, Pocillopora, QalaxU, Fungia, Striatopora, &c;, much worn and broken. The remarkable thing about the deposit is that there is no coral reef nearer to the remains at present than about eight miles. A sudden flood or other cause might possibly account for the deposit without having recourse to upheaval, more espe cially as there is no other evidence on the En deavour River. The only BhellB found upon the low banks are the freshwater formB common in .ill the rivers of the far North, such as Cycla* julcaii, Ltitorina tcabra, Auricula angvlata, fte. There is one portion of Mr. Devis'a letter whioh is so interesting and important that I hope he will pardon my asking, in the interests of science, some further and more precise details. He mentions the discovery of shells of existing species in the shell marl of the Barcoo River. I should be glad if he would inform me and geologists generally something of the locality and also what were the BhellB or fossils. Failing this, I would be glad to know who identified them, because of course a good deal would depend upon the opinion of an expert. I »u. once told that a number of reeent shell* had been found in a well on the Murray Flats, and that they were all of existing species. Subse quently I obtained some of the fossils, and found them all to be miocene forma. If possible I should be glad to examine the shells, and will promise to determine them if submitted to me. I am well acquainted with all the common hhells of the Queensland coast, and could see at • glance whether these fossils belonged to them or not. I should not be at all surprised to find that the edge of the great Australian tertiary basin extended to the beds of the Lower Barcoo, but the fossils would be miocene and extinct They would resemble the existing forms quite closely enough to mislead an unpractised eye. Some fossils sent to me for examination from the Central Desert, by Messrs. Teitkina and Giles's expedition, were tertiary and probably lower miocene, but of extinct species. Mr. Devis mentions a peeten and a serpula as having been found on the banks of the Fitaroy. They both belong to extensive genera, and are pro bably more numerously represented in the later Australian tertiary beds than in our present sea*. Peeten is more common south than on the Queensland coast. Those found off Keppel Bay »are generally Philippine, and.tb* most common is peeten pallium. As to the Berpula, it might more probably belong to the genera vermetus siliquaria tenagodus or an annelid tribe, and if it were a fragment would not easily be identified with existing species. Both fossils might also belong to remote geological periods, so, without other evidence, would not decisively prove recent upheaval. I look upon Mr. Devis'a observations on the tides as most interesting, but, unsupported by other facts, local causes can be made to account for alL In conclusion, I may state that in addition to the essay on the geology of the Hodgkinaon gold field, whioh has already been published in Vic* toria, I am just finishing a more lengthened essay on the general geology of Northern Queensland. In that will be seen all that I have to say on the aubject of upheaval or subsi dence. That there has been great sinking in the past can scarcely be doubted. As to whether this has ceased or is changed into an upward movement, observations are needed. Mr. Devis may be complimented on the care and attention he has brought to bear on the subject.- Sib,—Referring to the very interesting letter of Mr. Chas. W. Devil in the last Queensland*, allow me to give you another fact which appear* to bear oat his contention that our coast is gradually ruin*. To the south of the Noosa River, and connected with it by a creek, is a large expanse which in my time was called, if I recollect aright, Lake Wyba. Connected with this lake was another swamp or flat which fifteen years ago, when 1 lived in the neighborhood, was at neap tides almost dry, andatßprings contained only a few inches of water. It bore every ap pearance of having been raised from the con dition of a large lake. The older blacks used to say that when they were young they had rowed across this flat with their parents, fishing. In that case the whole of the country in that particular part must have been raised from lft to 2ft at least At tbere were no streams of any size running into this ancient lake, it could not have been raised by deposits; indeed the nature of the soil showed that was not the case. The more intelligent blacks in that district were all of opinion that the country there was higher above water than formerly. Various indications on the coast between the Brisbane and Mary rivers have caused me to arrive at the same belief—a belief shared by many old residents in these parts. As to Mr. Darwin's theory, it appears to me that this, like many of his other theories, should be met in a spirit of mistrust. He who can theorise away the Fatherhood of Qod and our hopes of the future is not one to be trusted in any matters of mere speculation. Pebsohs annoyed by mosquitoes, fliai, and other insects can (says an American paper) abate the nuisance by burning about a teaspoonful of Pyrethrum roaeam or Persian camomile, powdered very fine, in the room. It is of a bright buff color, readily burned, and gives a pleasant tea-Dke (ragance. It is sure death to insects. Ah old Scotchman attributes the disappearance of ghosts from the Scottish moors to the custom of tea-drinking at social meetings. It requires Scotch whisky on the top of old ale to enable a nan to see a ghost really worth talking about. 