A FOSSIL SEA-SERPENT. There ia evidence, writes Mr. R. A Proctor in the Newcastle Weekly CJironide, that ' long, long ago'' a great sea rolled its waves over the region which now forms the Eastern States of America, and tbat the land rose and sank several times before at tnininor its nresant Dosition. The State of New Jersey was in this way part of an ancient aei-bed ; and it is not doubted that the inarlpits of Monmouth County, N.J., were formed from the skeletons of marine animals which found a burial iu remote times in the mud of that ancient sea. In these marlpits the bones of large animals have frequently been discovered. Recently Mr. Charles McCue found there certain bones which were pronounced by Professor Lockwood to be those of a fossil sea-serpent known as the pythonomorpha. This creature had a body of great size, the most exposed parts of which were protected by email bony plates or scales. It had two paddles in front and two behind, the size and solidity of the bones of which iu dicated extraordinary propelling force. Ex tending far behind was the tail — stout, long, and serpentine, but somewhat fiat, feo that it could afford great aid ia propulsion, when U8ed with a sculling movement. The neck, ?was long, yet thick, and sufficiently power ful to sustain the great head high out of the water. When we consider the bony frame of the lower jaw, we note in the skeleton a BOrt of elbow attached to the jaw-bone, which is very significant, it would seeni that the pythonomprpha had to swallow its prey entire, and often this prey would be a fish of considerable size. By means of the ?elbow-jointed jaw the monster could enlarge the opening over the gullet. Still this act : of swallowing was slow, and it would be difficult to retain a powerful struggling prey. Now, the upper jaw was provided with an auxiliary contrivance, which exactly met the necessities of the case. This was what may be described as, in reality, a jaw with small curved and very sharp teeth, and had the appearance of a grapnell. Professor Iiockwood, In describing this, said :— *' As ? the great jaws, with their formidable teeth, -gave a hitch, and thus forced the; struggling prey a little way down the mouth, to get another hitch the; bad to open wide again, and then the prey would fall out. At this juncture down came the little grapnel-jaw, and held the struggling prey in place. So the movements of the great jawe and of the small grapnel-jaw, alternated until the prey was safely down the great maw. It is plain that during this snake-like process of swallowing, eo slow and so laborious, the 'wedging up of the throat would in ordinary animals stop the breathing. This difficulty ' was met, in the case of the great sea- serpent, : :t»Y the position of the great nir-tube, which, instead of being at the back of the mouth, was near the fronirieeth of the lower jaw. ? In other respects the sea-serpent resembled \- its cfcrigeners who live on land. The tongue was cylindrical, bifurcated, and retractile.' Professor Lockwood considers tbat the ani mal whose bones have been discovered in New Jersey was not less than forty feet, and many have been as much as sixty feet long. 'On another occasion,' he says, 'I demonstrated the existence of one that was -sot less than eighty- feet in length, bnt it had teeth of twice the size that the present specimen had.' The animal whose bones have recently been found must have met with some accident. He certainly did not die of old age, Professor Lockwood remarks, for in the examination of the skeleton he found the remains of the secondary teeth. The bones show marks of Ashes' teeth, which would seem to show that while the dead monster lay like a great wreck on the ocean bed, the fishes tore the flesh from off his bones. _____,^— _„_ A story is told of a shrewish Scotch woman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. ' Who are you ?' said the puidman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. 'I am Auld Nick,' was the reply. ' Come awa', man,' said John, nothing daunted. 'Gie's ..a shake o' your hand — I atn married tae a fiister o' yours.' . 'Ten days, or fortv shillings,' said the magistrate ; and the prisoner, a sullenlook ing fellow, chose the latter alternative, paid the* fine, and was discharged. He walked moodily out of the court, but when he leached the door, turned and showered a wholesale tirade of profane abuse upon the magistrate. . Then he ran into the corridor ; but before he could reach the street the officers gave chase. He was soon captured, , and stood again at the bar. 'Forty shillings more,' said the Court. The money was paid. « If you had used more chaste and refined language,' the magistrate con tinned, waving the fellow away, 'you would not have been chased and re-fined.' MPut no fulsome compliments on my tombstone,' eaid a wag, ' Don't give me ; any epitaffy.' ? ' 'Can't something be done,' asks a charm ing little prude, ' to civil-eyes those young savages who stare 80 rudely at pretty women ?' 