' • ' '.;:.. :' . . LOO m mTBLTjqEwoB^:; Vioa-HXPAL. - Sir J. H. Lefrey, Lady and Miss Lefroy attended Divine serirloi at tiie Cath^ral on Sundsy mprnlng^ witlki'-g In from GovernmentHrau! Hi* Excellency will open the AgrienltUnj Company's Show on Wednesday, And Lady Lefroy will rrctive visitors at Qovernloent House on Thariday, Tin JDDOK8' ABBOOIATE—There U « probability of the cltisens losing th^: services of a very -valuable public o fart* we allude to the rumoured retirement of Mr George Browne from the service of the Tasmanian Government, Mr Brow** has received an offer which will prohahlf induce hira to retire at the end 6f t& year. The public will regret Mr Bro#ae*» departure, far he has won general rupsct and e tesm from all classes in the Vintos important posu he has filled since he first I'soame a Government Offioer, In 1882, Both in his official capacity as Judges' Aasooiate, and his tooial position as Private Sscretary to our Governors at different periods, Mr Browne has proved < himself a thoroughly efficient and trustworthy officer, and we scarcely know whethftr he will be most misted in hia offieal capacity or in the social circle which he lias a^weU a.-iorned. As Honorary SecPetww^ to the Ta«manian Racing Club ., hei will b» especially missed, for he. hu beei the active spirit in that, our chief nkoin| In. stitution, and a considerable difficulty will »*e found in ^eplacin^ ;1ii|S, Ut although some will befopndiio thoroughly understand one part of the duties, yet ll will be impossible tp ^nd a gentlemsn ao completely adapted, by his courtecus aid even disposition, to smooth away die many trying difficulties J that the kon, Secretary of suoh aa instution hastf eon* tend with. It is to be hoped that neana may be found to alter Mr Brovnie's in* tsntions, and rstain so valuable a man in our community, , GAZBTTE,—Tenders are wanted for Road, Bridport to Scbtsflale; Bridge, Huetrll's Falls; post and rails, for Scotedale. Notice to electors from B. P. Adame, Clerk to the Peace. He Retuini&g; Officer's Office for Queens, boronph is at Lovett'a Cottage, Sandy Bay. Lint of tenders accepted. Notice of sale of 145 aprea cf land at Garden Ialand on the 15th November, under fi. fa. Tenders wanted for jf50;000 Treasury Bills. Court of General Sewiona at Hobart, Monday. 15th November. Lrttera Patent to the Governor. Aoplicationa to register the Gr. ai Extended West Chum, Golden Era, and North Tasman. Tenders fer t>0 chains of draining Huon Boiid.VMr. G. L. T. Bowden appointed Registrar of Court at Oatlands. His Excellency will hold a full dress levee on the 29th at 3 o^clock. The lady superintendent of the Hospital for tie future ehal! • s any aueh nurse, reporting i > tame to the Visiting Committee." UKATH OF MR. SEALS.—It is with genuine regret that we have to record the death of Mr. John Seals, tbe well kuown. mid uuiv«r*ally respected, dispenser at the General Hospital. Mr. Seals has been In failing kualth for some time part, bpt t«r..v*|y batted with bie eomplaint, and • i'h.littlf intermission remained at his |.ort of duty till within a week or an of hie . b. No man in this little community nj,»e missed. To the patients VM ati s.d.d at the dispensary be waa ever kii.d and . onrtenus • and bis ever open liHi dej et a My in many esses suppleaauted the mediciMs with|emall pecauirty^^id »e. r.ifi'^-'. v. serving cjses? "l'he jims* will mis< a indand obligt-: official, f >r to fw*ilit*<; eir daily work to invariably left • r-oor the day'* events at the gate, for the porters of all the town o«p»r«alik*. At Qe lime, for a shcrt par] d, M-. Sear I was ngagedw reader upon our contemporary; ut ob the rearranging of the Hospital t»ff ;he gladly resumed hit old and mire ongenial emoloyment. Vr. Seal* will not nly be regretted by bin wife and family, ut by p lrrga portion of the community. OCR 1 GOVERNOR— THE « Newcastle Herald *.' hes. the following:—Privnto etfers from home ata-e that M jor General Strabaa is not comingto Hobar to lake ibe position of Governor. Mr. Lefroy will continue as Governor. EXCISE DUTY, W At the Longford Police Court last week, Mr. John Ingram, landlord of the Commercial Inn, was cbargf d by Mr. O.H. Hedberg, jun. with a braacb of tha Beer Duty Act, in not defacing the stomps on his beer casks. The Bench convictet, and inflicted a fine ef 20s. and costs—" Examiner." ELECTIONEERING.—In our columns will be found TW[r ; Solomon's address to tbie electors of the. Ho - n EXHIBITION AND RACES —Yesterday'S Express took a large l umher of local resjWehtB, who intend laying Launeeston for Melbourne lijr the a.?. Flinders to dav. Among them we noticed a goodly sprinkling of ^racing (men, desir us of being there in ^ime'tajwitofss that «x itiug event—the MelboiurneCtifu ; PBR8ENTATIQN OF VQLVMTKKRS.— Yertftdsy afternoon M«j » Pyh and the othH^fficers of Volunt ers i roc-eded to Government House, and were presented to the Administrator of Government, Sir. J. H..Lefroy. •EXHIBITION • NOTES — Serge nt, the lessee of the Temperance bars, and Munrp, a high official, lad a fight under tha, dome, and Professor Kouleaux and his Garman compatriots are at war. They say he ha* neglected their Interests. •J» JMXi or OUR STRE ETS.— Daring the past Christmss ceason considerable disa*tlffaetlon was manifested by visitors to our city at the wane of guidance with regard to the names of oir street*. The only place in- the colonies where this mistakef'is known 'o exist is Hobart Town, The expense 6f a few boards, with a neatly written letter, >?ould be but trifling, would prqra a great onqvenSeno-, and would suspend that unpleasant comment t<> which through this want of thought we remain exposed; ' WALK OVKB OaosgjNos.--NOW that the City Council have introduced tjj„ Terv necessary restriction, we trust they will pay due attentian to it* proper enforcement and cheok an effort to burletque it which our car-driverg and others art wont to display. Yesterday morning, at the angle of Mlcquarie and Elizabeth atrfeeta two cars we«w being driven at such a pace that bad any unfortunate p* destrian have been croseing the road at the time an accident must inevitably have resulted. We believe thnt »n impatient desire tb have priority of position upon the etand suggests <hls raoing,as a meant by 'w.hich their ends may be accomplish^, An example being made of one of their number would no doub' tend to its >upipi4s>'on. • . ' OUR WATER FOUNTAINS.—In one of our Ijt^ iis^ij We drew attention to the wholesale waste of water which was ping on at the drinkingfouq'ainin Kliia. beth street, between Macquarie and Colllna stree p, owing to the tap getting our of order. Notice appears to have been taken nf our para«rai It, but not with the desired result. The water was turned off, and has remained ao ever since, Had it occurred in the outskirts of <he city, wHete liut little traffic exists, no doubtit would, have been repaired the following day. WHISPERS, — Little whupert are heard 1 thkib everything is not as it should be between certain Insurance C<unpanit>s and particular fire brigades. It is rumb'ured that liberality is not the cause of the misunderstanding. But it would be awkward in case of a serious fire if alldid uot pull together. THE KANGAROO. F ERRY.—There is a morion in the Assembly to gram a .£100 additional to the subsidy What is the use of mincing the matter ? It is a high* way. And if <he traffic won't pay to carry it onj it must be nsnisted, just in 'he s:<me way as the Government would make a road. How would it be to-inorron if the Twins left off ruuniug ? A GHOST—A correspondent informs up that in.the vicinity of Trinity Hill, there are some ruinous buildings,<itid that during the past week sonic person luis been play ing the gb<*t, to the aim vimoeof passe/* by, ajid ; tke cfMiqequepceiie/tliai the neigh • bourltood is kept ajiv«nightJy:l>y fangs of larrikins armed with btoiifs which are thrown indiscriminately in any direction. Isjthere a remedy for this s ate of thinsg! CRICKET.— 41 Land and Water" says 4 < $6> leave i oiii Bates, Em me it aud Ulyett, not to raentiin several distingqished^atna^ura,. whose names will readily come to any one conversant with things, must have been an unpleasant dut£ but in the Eleven selected the Colonials will have to meet an eleven ar<ttd^*?$v6iy point, in fact a spiendiu tefntf" • 1 AGRICULTURE Snow-The Annual J^how ofthe Agricultural and Pa»toral Association will take place to-morrow at New Town. His Exoelleney, t'ie Administrator, Sir J. H. Ltfroy, will o|u>n it at noon. The day has been dodarml a half holiday bv "Gazette," and no doubt most of. th^shops will ahut at nofn. Facilities for proceeding :o the Show are prorided by the Main Line Railway Company, as will be seen by reference to oar advertising colamns. 1 EXHIBITION CATALOGUE.—We have to acknowledge with thanks the receipt of the Exhibition catalogue from H. M. Hull, Esq., Secretary to the Taamanian Committee. • Tit* ALICE JOHN» COMPANY.—Last Saturday evening terminated the season ef this ercelleut company. At the conclusion of the entertainment Mr, Simmons was presented with a very ^•Ajidsouie gold h.ckVt. the gift being subscribed to by the door keeper and ^thers, as a memento of tbe manly manner with which he met bis obligations during B most indifferent season. Mr. Simmons replied to tbe address very feelingly, and hoped that,any future speculation? of his in h Hobart might meet with more success,fat the same tirjne thankino; tfroae who patronised hioji during his stay jn this city. LEAVE OF ABSENCE ' TO MA.YOK.-^At the meeting iif the City Cmncil yesterday, W. H. Burgess, our worthy Mayor, stated his intention ol visiting the other Colonies for a'time. and leave of absebce was accordingly- granted him, Alderman Harconrt being ngain appointed Acting Mayor, EARLY STRAWBRRRIRS — We yesterday had &n; opptiftuuity of Ustlng some Of Mr. Walter Gulfs early Marguerite strawberries. They were of Urg* size, and'well- cnlored, but have not yet attained their full flavour Mr. Gulf's gardens, known as Victoria Garden, on the road to the Waterworks, promises An abundant, crop of this Tasmanian apeeiality this season, and mi doubt our visitors from the other colonies will pay him many a visit. TRICKETT AND LAYCOCK.—" Land and Water" also says " The two Australians are not of much account, or they are the two most accenplished ' kidders* on the river," The naughty deceivers allow young swells and others to pa-s them on their trial spins, Colonials are very deeeitfnl,people. SIR G. 0 DUWY'S HISTORY—This is to be commenced in the " Australasian " on November 6. There are Incidents in this that should be of local interest. TRB KXBIWTION — Th« Melbourne people are quarrelling about the Austrian Band. Jealousies are rife between the bead and its local rivals. ATHLETICS — The Newoas'le Tyne people think a good deal of Triokettand Laynonk. They admire their physique alnd style of going. Donald Devine and his rival I )onaldson, the 'wrestling cham pions or the North are coming to Australia. 