"WINTER BUTTEE MAKING. (By Henry Steuart, in Rural îi'cw Torier.) THE IIAIBT. IF tbs first rsqoieits for good bntier is tbe CÙW, tbs second ia ibe dairy room or l.ouëe, for it is Ufelets lo prooure good milk, if it ip j rpciled in tbe keeping. A dairy room should have nn even temperature, and in tbe winter ' may be kept at 45 to £0 degree;. One that is parih ni durground and ba« aa apartment over it for obarniDg und washing pans, »ita., is preferable, as it will need no nrtiiioial boating by a stove. I prefer ono with brick walls, wbile-waabcd with lime, plastered o verb tad, and with a cement or flagstone floor ; that has the windows above ground and facing tba south and west ; tba windows covered with fire wire gauze outside and hinged at tbe top, so that they may be opened by raising and hooking up the rash. The window being oloBe to the oeiliog, ventilates tho room com pletely. My own aim in a dairy bouite ia a building having a brick basoment in A hill side, with ice-houpo in the rear, having a chute on tho bank through wbioh to put in ico ; and the milk room in the front, with porch for airing the cans and pails. Over tun milk room shall be-tbs cUuruirg and wu s hm « room, providod - water heater, and with un elevator for paùelug cream und butter up and down, and stairs leading bolow ; also a sink with taps from a tank above, Over the milk room shall bu a tank supplied from a wall, by a windmill overtopping the whole. From the tan«, water may flow through a pipe into the rooms below, (or uso in wuehii.g pans or supplying water in ouse the sabmergod-oan system of eot:iug the milk might lin used at any time. Â siuk and drain may also be carried from tho milk room. The tank will be high enough to supply tho house and tbn barn with water through pipes. The oost of tho rs hole I oetimato to be about OOO J ol. for a dairy of 50 oows, and no one can doubt that it will be a profitable investment for tbe maker of extra butter. THE CHtJENINQ. When, I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, over which lie, in per spective, tho ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. Tho misery of a butter-maker is tho end less variety of churns. There aro many good churns, beginning with tho old fashioned up-and-down ono, which recalls my boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours ; for in those days tho whole milk waa churnod. Now I can get my butter milk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kitchen dook, which' never varies from year's end to year's end. But it 5s not from an up-and-down churn, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a. ".roótangula?r''? churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of tho butter. To particularise, let me recall the.churn ing of the 7th of January, 1880, booause this was an eventful one, and settled in my minti sumo questions which were previously doubt ful to me. My crossbred three-year-old Jer sey and AyrBhiro eow, Maida; had been fresh two weeks, and this WBB the first churning of six days' milk. ' Tho cream -12 quarte exaotly-was turned into the rectangular churn aforesaid, and the obum and oream were both - at a temperature of C5 degrees. After churning for eight minutes prcoisely, making 70 lovolntious of the ohnrn per minute, I was snrprleed to. hear tho " slap dash" of the buttermilk, und was more than surprised un npouing tho churn to see BO magnificent a complo of butter. The maps of golden butter was in small grains from tho size of sago graiDS up to that of buok Bbot, lyiDg in an irregular mass piled up in (lio ehnrn, with'a small quantity of butter milk at the bottom. The butter weighed 10J pounds. The result, 10è pounds of baiter from 12 quarts of thick oream, churned in tight .minutes, at a temperature of GS degrees, Fettled some points about whioh questions'are frequently asked. This churning ont of the way the oream ol two Ayrshire oows threc-year-oM, that have been milking 10 months and ore three in 00.11-14 quarts in all-was put in the ohurn at a lumperaturo of GO degrees. This I ohurued throe hours patiently without break ing the oream, and was advised to throw the oroam ont BB it was uno of those messes whioh would never ohurn. Lot us try some worm water. A quart of hot water from tho kettle was thrown in, the ohurn rotated, and in one minute the but! er oam»; the temperature in tho churn then was Ci degrees. This also goes somo way to settle another difficulty in winter dairying, whioh oausee a great deal of trouble. If butter comos nt Gi or G5 degrees in a short time, and fails to oomo at all at GO degrees, thia 1B a valuable faot to know. Another oburnlng of Maida's cream of 1G quarts, from teven days' In; lt, produces 14 poonda of butter in 12 minuten at a tempera ture of G6 degrees, with several stoppages to watoh the progress, BO that eight quarts uf [ nearly pure oream will make seven pounds of butter. cnnnNe. The Tartars are said to do their churning by putting tho milk in a sboep-skin bottle, whioh they tie to the trundle and take abrisk gallop for an hour or two ; on returning the butter is made This is the original horse power ohurn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern cb urns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessol in whioh the contents aro dashed from ono side to another to break up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churns of which so many of suoh various shapes wera shown at the late International Dairy Pair. Tho. peculiar action of these churn B produces tho butter in small globules, aa above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can bo drawn off and tho cold water or brine introduced into tho churn, and tho butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediato packing. Certainly of the many churns which I have used, tho " Rectangular'' pleases mo tho most, on account of its very easy motion, its shape, which isa hollow cubo suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite cornorB, ita freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in daBh churns, and which uñlí blacken and foul the butter, and chiefly on account of tho oaso and perfection with, which it can bo cleansed, its quick churning, and tho oxcellont Bbape in which the butter comes. cowum.Na narran. My customers are verv exacting people. They object to light-coloured batter, and, like tba majority of connumere, they judge of batter by tho eve sa well as by the flavour. Beoently the New York Farmers' Olnb " raso lated " that colouring butler was a frand and a praotioe to bo denounced. Do these farmers wear their oaseitnereB of tbe natural shoddy Dolour, or do thoy profer them dyod T Did they objoot to tho colouring of oleomargarine when they resoluted over that, and insist that that fraud should bear its nataraljtallow colour f Tho fact is, bnttor is coloured beoauso those who buy it will have it coloured to salt their tasto; and while coloured batter will Bell tho host, so long will butter be onloared. One teaspoonful of good liquid butter colouring in 12 gallons of orenm ia nooded, ovon with Jersey oows, in tho winter, and for other cows twioo that quantity will be required to givo a ooloar somewhat lightor than that of a gold coin. There is nothing about annntto that is objectionable, sod all the talk about its filthy preparation is simply "bosh" and false-I hood. When ooloar ia aged it in bail to pat | : H brio tbe curra, and I do DO*, find that it bu» «Dy il] tflVcl whatever eren opon t'ie buttermilk, which is a pleaeact, wtole-orae artiole of food when the milk i« a ! right. EITTEa CKEAM. This reminds me oi the niar.T complaints ot bitter crt-atn in tbe winter. This ie cau»ed invariably,-1 believe, by something in the feo i or in the condition of the ow. Every one knows how prevalent that vila plant, bitter-weed or rag- weed (Ambrosia arttm i^loiloiia) is, and bow mccu vi it ia cn', with Vie second cutting of tbe meado -s-the niucb praHtd-ior-bUiter rosen bay. TnU weed will nive to milk, cream, or butter a very bit'.er flsvocr, which co p'ocePB or disguise can conceal. If turuipa are fed, I dtfy any person to eeCHpu bitttr cream and ill-flavLured Detter. Tbe preecuce of a heap of turnips on my barn tljor the past winter to impregnated the «ir, altbongb none were fed, that the milk was perceptibly flavoured by them nntil they were removed. Feeding immediately after or before milking ie unavailing. There are cowa wbioh, from naroo peculiarity of condition, give milk which turns bitter. Sash cows should bo discarded from a winter dairy ai soon as the fault ia discovered, (or they »re not healthy and their secretions are not pure. The mixture of a pinob of saltpetre in a six quart pun of milk will remove or disguise tbia 'bitterness, X cannot Bay which. HOW BUTTER MAT DE BPOILBD. Gool butter may be spoiled in the churn ing. Over-churning ruins the texture and changes the pro>per waxiness to a disagree able, tticky greasiness. This is tho more easily done in tho churns with revolving dashers, whichwill press tho butter against tho side of ,tlicr churn and squeeze and rub it until it is spoiled. Too long churning spoils the quality by the oxidation of the butter and tho premature formation of etrong-flavourod acids in it, the full pre serving presence of which we call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning ut too high a temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may bo spoiled before the cr<-arn reaches tho churn by keeping this too long, or what ie practically the same, by keeping it in too warm a placo ; 50 degreeB ia about the right temperature if cream ia kept a wfoek s if it is kopt at 62 degrees, three days aro long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over-churning, or by having the cream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd in tho milk, and the small äakeB of this cannot be washed out of the butter. Milk from a cow in ill health, and that is acid when drawn, will produce spooky butter. So will the use of salt containing particles of lime, which unite with the butter and form insoluble lime soap. White specks are covered up to n largo extent by -using good colouring, which is made of 'oil as thu solvent.'. But this use of a colouring, being to'disguise a ? fault and to add un undeserved virtue, is worthy of- tho denunciation' of even the Farmer's Club. '. V >..' . ; ' . ." 