THESE is a complaining on the-part of the members of the Opposition that newspaper writers generally have altogether mistaken the intent and meaning of the recent no-confidence debate. Possibly so; and that may be as much due to the ambiguity of the hon. members' utterances as to the density of on the part of writers. As we have before said, t:he . attack on ihjjp .Govier^ment jas fan/ attack was a hppelegsope; andthe onslaught as a protest yas weak. The misconception was that the H leader is the affair .was aiming solely at a displacement of the present Ministry and succession in due course. Perhaps it is the misfortune of Mr. ; Bray that he lias never been : credited with, other than a professional view of politics; if the country had only understood that' he had convictions he would have had infinitely more sympathy. It .is not always in a man's favor that he has been bred to'the law : it takes him so much trouble to convince people that he, is in earnest! . . Bat accepting this recent movement on the part of the Opposition as being an earnest protest, and not simply what it has educated the public to expect—a mere struggle for displacement, then there is unquestionable title to strong and hearty support. The utterance of a contemporary is a just interpretation of common sentiment, and is but a re- echo of'that asserted, over and over again in this journal. He says—" There will be many persons throughout the colony who can read between the lines of the Treasurer's speech and can see that he is utterly unfit for his position as keeper of the national purse-strings. . " . And indeed no greater truth could be uttered. As a matter of fact that hon. gentleman, genial and debonnair as ever, is fast hurrying our financialaffairs into (as one hon. member expresses it) a " howling muddle!" The phrase is rather more picturesque than elegant; but the facts warrant the strongest term that can be employed. It is not yet clear how many thousands of pounds Mr. Charles Mann has cost us; bat if he had many more financial arrangements to make with banks on -behalf of he colony, it would pay to pension him off at .£1000 a year, on the sole condition that he never again took part in Treasury matters! . . The most astounding part of the affair is that so many hon. members, who are pretty acute in their own financial arrangements, are apparently dazzled and beguiled when the public expenditure is in question, and actually support a mal-administration, when they should feel bound by every consideration of loyalty to their representative position to demand an immediate and effective reform. HOBRID insinuation. " Justice" writes in Melbourne thnt Greer did not die of a self-shooting, for the bullet did not fracture the skull; but that he died of a failure in the subsequent surgical operation. He denounces the inquest as useless and a mockery. LET thus summons under the Electoral Act, No. 141 or 1879, 5th schedule, tell its own tale. JSo wonder we have restless ghosts knocking about 1— " You are hereby required 10 appear before me at the Town Hall Buildings, Adelaide, on the fifteenthday of September, 1880, at the hour of twelve o'clock noon, to show cause why your name should not be erased from the Electoral Bolls for the Division and District of East Adelaide. I objecting (on the ground that you are reported dead) to your name being retained thereon. John Nicholson Returning Officer for the Division and District of East Adelaide. N;B.—In case you do not attend you will be liable to have your name erased without further notice." Now in the event of that poor ghost being unable tobe there, he is to be deprived of all*electoraJ right! FROM the discussion which took place in the Legislative Council on Tuesday afternoon we understand it is intended to spend about £8000 in sinking for water along the stock roads in the interior. We hope this, is only a first instalment to' be spent v in the same direction, for we believe such expenditure is badly needed. ^ Jft is not toour credit that we have done so little as yet to open up the vast extent of country that we * have in * the Fair * Korth. •" GOLDMINING at Ballarat, Victoria, seem8 to have made a new start during the current year. The report of-the Mining Registrar, forthat district, which we have now before us, Is a very encouraging one, and fromit we gather that during the June quarter the sum of £32,989 was paid away in dividends by thirteen companies in the central division. The report says. —"The success of the Hurdsfield Company, who commenced paining upon a piece of land situated between the leads known as. the Malakoff and Milkmaid, may be taken as evidence indicating a new era of prosperity in searching for gold on the reef washes. . The depth of the leads referred to is 280 feet/; whilst the depth of the Hurdsfield Company's mine, from which some; rery valuable cement has been obtained leading to die alluvium, is only 80 ft. lie; impetus given tomilling by this com^^^fe^of^duci^ MT—J >• — ^.oovuig «uc ^j ^ formation of upwards of fifty new com- j NNTTINO panies to ^N'NRNWTwork the contiguous ground, and most of them have l«en remimeralively rewarded for thqjr enterprise^ proceeding8 jin Jhdv^ssembly on Xuesday afternoon were Jpf, an exceptionally lively character! 33te Treasurer (Hbn. _ G. Mann.) t in making an explanadenying that the Government had sent a formalmotion,gave Mr. Glyde a, back-handed blow whilst any communication to Mr. Peering about becoming Under- Treasurer. Mr. and then ensaed a choice bit of srturing between himself and the Deputy- Speaker, in the course of which Mr. Glyde told Mr. Deputy-Speaker the sooner he " understood his duty the better." He was immediately called on to; withdraw the \ offensive remarks and In doing so said " had they been more severe probably he would not hAW withdrawn them." This again roused JVTr. Townsend's ire and he ordered Mr. Glyde to withdraw. A long and somewhat wrangling discussion then took place on the rigid; of the Deputy- Speaker to ordpr the hon. member to withdraw; and it was very apparent that neit her , the Deputy-Speaker or leader of tlie ilouse thoroughly understood the standing; orders; but eventually Mr. Glyde was called in and asked either to explain, retract • or apologise. He first explained add then retracted his words. AFTEB the above passage at arms Mr. J. Rounsevell, doubtless smarting from the severe castigation recently administered tohim by the Treasurer, expressed his sorrow at the Jion: €. Mann's conduct in the debate just closed, and took occasion tosay that " If they wanted to know the conduct of a man they" should see what company be kept, and if a person went to drmking and gambling saloons and the racecourae they would findthe hon. member booking bets with Civil Servants. "Halloa! Mr. Rounsvell, what do you mean by that ? Do you mean to insinuate the Hon. G. Mann; leader of the Assembly,'Treasurer of the colony of South Australia, a Q. C., and one of the leading lawyers in the colony, frequentsgambling and drinking saloons and makes bets with Civil servants ? No, No ! Mr. Rounsevfell you must surely be mistaken. How could such a thing be ? And then we have the Treasurer's own statement for it that " the icsinuations were altogether unfounded." Beware, John/for as the Treasurer has said moi e than once lately, " the worm will turn again when trodden on," and this particular worm is endowed with a sting that makes it lively forthose age inst whom he turns. Don't tread on his tail any more, Mr. Ilounseveli, but next time you feel a bit. "rampagrus," just bring your heel down on his head pretty tmart, but be sure you have good boots on, then his turning won't hurt you. FEOM present appearances, Mr. Bray's Chinese Immigration Bill will meet - with scant courtesy from the Upper House. The Hon. H. Scott,has moved that it be read six-months hence, and backed his motion with a very able speech that was well received by the Council, so the probabilities are that the motion * will'be • carried. « ' No one could understand the extreme loyalty of the Gladstone district to the present Ministry, until the mention of railway deputations • set the whole affair in a clear light. The feet appears to be, that the whole of the people in that part of the colony are hot on fishing just now ... . "Wliy can't poor old Clare wake up ? WITHIN a short period WE shall be bound, as a young community that is becoming rapidly an incipient nation, to, take heed to our- ways in the matter " of open social profligacy. Tha example set by the leaders of society has been so exactly opposed to the demands and responsibilities of their position; there has been so much of vice - practised secretly, which is' now tlie common talk of the metropolis ; there has been such a continual shielding of depravity, because the viciously depraved belonged to a certain 4#ass of society,—that we are . not io wonder when we-find a monstrous growth of depravity among the lower orders. We say it is a crying sin and a shametul disgrace,'an outrage on humanity and Christianity to find the principal ptreetrdf our town infested by prostitutes, and that so large a proportion ' of them are mere children, unnaturally bloated by drink and vice in its worst forms. Let any humane person, any merely honest person, look at the facts of the case, and say whether, it is good, or hopeful to find mete children of both sexes familiar , with the' lowest haunts of sin & Whether it is right and good that sA many yoang girls are drafted off to the Destitute Asylum to become premature tnothers I Whether it is well ihat- in .the most recent half of a year there should be known to the Police an addition;! to the etreets of no'fewer than 46 prostitutes ? Whether it is politic to permit' ^jg growth of seething sin ^ to %ment MI -oar. fnidst, eating its festering way' into tKe -very core ot society!-Eveiy now and then .therg is a^tice raid ; and what . is the jcesult ? Simply^dispersion, and the demoralization of iiew 'n^hbour- Qfemt something .better than this can be done? 