A WONDERFUL VISION. [BT "VAURIEN."] Last night I had a Bingiilar dream. I thought I was dead and iu the middle of a huge chamber, the sides of which appeared dim rtud indistinct from where I stood. Ghosts were constantly arriving from all parts of the earth, anil relat ing the news of current events to the shades of former inhabitants. Now an Afghan with a tierce turban and murderous scimitar would tell how the British had sacked Candahar. Auou, an American pedlar would relate with smug satisfaction how he had sold tons of insect powder to the Canadians across the border powder of deadly strength, which always proved fatal when the Ilea was held firmly between the finger and thumb of the left haud and the com pound forced down its throat. Occasionally an Irish landlord would arrive from Mayo with a bucket of swan-shot comfortably insinuated under his waistband. At last a spirit near me, whose features I failed to recognise iu the dim light, said to a recent arrival, "Well, what news from Old Bendigo ?" In an instant troops of shadows' belonging to thoso I had known ia the ilesh surrounded the new It . VIM odd to watch the chang ing ejy,,.v3siqu3 of their faees as the perso°i from Kangaroo Fiat delivered his views, Some vehement incredulity was expressed on hearing that B. 0. was iu Parliament, and "A. B. ia-tiie" commission of the peace. One rather demon strative female shade, who had not quite relin quished the idiomatic expressions of her earth life, remarked, when told that Mr. Voted for closing the Exhibition ou Sundays, that she "did not believe a - word of it, as that was the day ha always got tipsy after evening service." "How is it there are so few deaths in Sand hurst at present? " said a little chap who had formerly been a stockbroker, and whose chief pleasure layiu interviewing late arrivals regard ing tho fluctuations in Eaglehawk mines. ° "I was a comiu' to that'" observed the now arrival as-not yet accustomed to his novel me tamorphosis-he endeavored to blow his nose iu an unsubstantial handkerchief, and appeared surprised at the unsatisfactory result of the effort. "I was a comiu' to that, but I was a little taken aback by finding people hero just as inquisitive as when they were mortals. I thought the only fuu ghosts had was laugh ing at their epitaphs. I see I was mistakeu. Well, you must know that a most successful medical practitioner has lately started in Sand hurst. He is a Baunschiedist !" "A what?" yelled a pompous little ghost, who with coat-tail3 subdueted under his arms, ha i been warming himself before an imaginary lire, and listening superciliously to the gossip, but who now made his way to the front by trippiug the stock-broker over the cud of a rainbow, ami plantiug a vicious kick in the lumbar regions of a stout dissenting lady, who was waiting for news about the Sydney divorce case, concerning which she could have given important evidence, had not her husband, a week before the trial] assisted her to cross the mysterious border laud with the haudle of a spade. " A Bauuschiedist," said tho spectre, some what nettled at the abruptness of the ques tion. "And pray, sir," said the little shade ironi cally, " what is this latest departure in the healing art? I, sir, was once a doctor, entitled to writo M.D., F.K.C.S.E., L.li.G.P.O., and A.S.S. after my name. " What were your other titles ?" sneered the new comer. " Nev-er mind, sir; you interrupt" said tho little doctor. "Following iu the footsteps of the divine masters Esciilapiiis, Galen and llip. pccrites, I leeched, purged, blistered, bled and-" "Murdered," suggested the person from Kau garoo Flat.' . "No, sir," continued the shade. " When an accident did happen-and I must frankly admit that mistakes sometimes occurred-the patient's fiieuds had, at least, the melancholy satisfac tion of knowing that he was treated secundum artem." " You must have done a roaring trade," ob served the newly-arrived spirit, "among people who wanted to shunt somebody off the track, secundum arU'm, as you call it. Well, this Visher-that is the new practitioner's name cures everything with the poiut of a needle and a little oil. Measles, scarlatina, and Asiatic cholera leave the house when he turns the corner. Pimples on the face, tooth-ache, freckles, dan druff and loas of appetite retire oil his approach. He is nuts ou cancers. Have you corns, warts, tumours, moles, curvature of the spine, ab normal development of the epigastric region, or a feeling of lassitude after a week'3 spree? Go to Visher. Had I been taken to him iu time I would not be here now." "And pray, sir, what was the matter with you?" diffidently asked the shade of a converted prize-fighter, with a patch over his eye and his left arm in a sliug. " I got my sknll smashed with a steam ham mer," said the ghost, " my logs cut off in a mowing machine, and my spine shifted with the buffer of a bogie engine." "It appears to me," said the little doctor, " that even Mr. Visiter's aid would have been ' ineffectual iu your case." "I meant if I'd been brought to him before the accident," remarked the now comer stolidly, while a shadowy titter run round the assembled ghosts, and the little doctor retired in confusion. " Well," continued the late arrival, " two doc tors gave up a case some time ago; Mr. Visher was then called in, and afterwards the Coroner. At the inquest Dr. Slyboots, one of the former attendants, appeared and said:-1 am a duly qualified medical practitioner. I atteuded de ceased. His case was hopeless from the begin ing. To a juryman : My treatment was pallia tive, sometimes a senna-leaf steeped ill water, sometimes a bread-pill flavoured with a drop of aqua pura. Baunschieditism in a system of counter irritation with needles. No respectable practitioner would use it. Tried it on a dog once. He had the mange. On the tlr3t appli cation the poor beast started in a bee-liuu for the Gulf of Carpentaria. He took the needles with him and was seen passing through Echuea about thirty-thousand mile3 an hour. Was eaten by an alligator when crossing the Fitzroy, iu Queensland. The alligator was found dead next day with the needles in his thorax." Several of the jurymen expressed incredulity with the latter part ot this wituesa's evidence. Mr. Yisher, on fceing examined, said:-"lam lieu slight .im a (It. latin ilocllt^ Vliat does doi patients ,vith mt man dey cure dcy juryman): Baunscliieu a zelebrated German. long contract to pick oakui. dution. He is in tie bishinfe* .Jili iepto- : mania I dinks (ley called it." Coroner: "Chickeus, I believ. irere tht* ? gentleman's weakness." Witness (smiling): "He never did like to zee . fowls runuiu' about widout no owner," Coroner: " Gentlemen of the jury, this is a, singular and complicated ease. Wo have tho evidence of Dr. Slyboots, and n brother practi tioner that death WAS hastened by the peculiar system of treatment known as Baumcbieditism. We must, however, remember that iu these days systems of therapeutics are openly ad vocated, which a few years ago would meet with derision. Thus we have soino men curing disease by tho laying on of hands, and others by prescribing copious draughts of neat rum. For my part, if as a lay man I may be permitted to hazard an opinion on snch a subject, I fully believe that the latter system has its advantages, particularly if tho ailment is coinplicated^with a long visit from one's mother-in-law, or a large interest in tho Golden Fleece mine. ^Sor is the laying on of hands without its advocates, especially among young people of different sexes. Then wc have the evidence of Mr. Visfjer, a respectable man of insinuating address and imposing personal appearance, who, when trade ii: cancers is slack, is not above belting leather for a l.'-nng." Mr. Visher (excitedly): "I sbpeaks Jour lan-" (Jorone;- ; " Gag that man. In ordinary cases tlie law is clear. It" a duly qualified practitioner' kill a patient by administering nitrate of silver ' in mistake for lunar caustic he is held blameless', as the patient was anppoaed to know better than take it. If, however, an unqualified person-an outsider, if I may be allowed the expression-cure a man by means of a mustard emetic, he is still liable to committal as, for aught he knew, deatli lniyht have ensued from tho mustard getting wedged iu the anterior folds of the pin mater, thus causing lockjaw aud rigidity of the apine. With thesa . Sew remarks I Jeave the matter in your hands, conscious that your good seuse anri acumen will guide you iu clearing up many points on which I have but superficially dwelt iu this very extra ordinary case." Au hour afterwards the foreman of the Jury a gentleman from the east of London-handed iu the following verdict:-" Oauso of death, visitation of Providence, assisted by needles an' ilt*. Likewise we recommend both doctors anil Mr. Visher to be bound over to keep tho peace." As tho shade finished I woke up with a start and found my wife's elbow tirmly planted under my liflli rib. I then roilJcinbered that I had had colonial beer and c'ici.mb<:.r3 f"r supper. 