LATER COLONIAL NEWS. By the s. s. Flinders, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday afternoon, we have Victorian files to the 7th inst. NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Dec. 3. The Government have apportioned the rewards for the discovery of the Temora goldfield. Maloney's party get £400, Murray, Ross, and-Parker's each £150. H.M. schooner Beagle, which has arrived at Sydney, reports that the Marquis de Rey's last expedition had selected a more favourable place than Likiliki Bay on the coast of New Britain. Only three deaths had occurred amongst over three hundred colonists who arrived by the steamers' Genil and India. The Genil will shortly visit the colonies in order to procure sheep and cattle. J. W. Dargin, the late manager of the western branch of the City Bank, has been remanded for a week on a charge of em- bezzling £4000. Private news received from Auckland states that a representative yacht has started for Melbourne, and will also com- pete at the Portland Regatta. Thomas R. Williams, clerk in the rail way office, Newcastle, has been committed for trial for not voting secretly at the late election. The weather is intensely hot, but a change is threatening. At Wilcannia the thermometer is 110 in the shade. Dec. 4. Sir Henry Parkes reached Albury at noon to-day, and received a deputation, from the municipal council. He informed the mayor that, the Government would only aid the railway opening demonstra tion by giving the line free, and lending a tent and flags. He said the line would never be connected with. Victoria unless more money was voted. Heavy rain fell this morning, which has extended to several country districts. Fears are entertained for the city water supply during the summer unless heavy rains fall. Conserving the water is re- commended. Dec. 5: Mr Levien and Mr Burdekin hiiv6 been elected for Tamworth, and Mr Copeland, and Mr Proctor for New England. The Rev. Mr Jeffrey is compolled'to abstain from preaching through "ill health. The crew of the Sandfly proceed by' the Emerald to-morrow to identify Com mander Bower's murderers. Laycock's father has been seriously in jured by a powder explosion. During'tho next rifle matches the asso ciation intend to institute, a tournament for all comers, on the English plan. The Wentworth, from. Fiji, brings later news. Mr Thompson reports the sale of land at Suva a great success. Beach lots realised £400 to £1000 per acre. Evans, the cricketer, has obtained leave of absence, and commences practice immediately. A strange occurrence was some time since reported in a house at Parramatta. The spiritualists put it down to ghosts.' All the evidence given shows the occur rende to be unaccountable. Lord Harry, the well-known racehorse, has arrived 'safely at Singapore. Dec. 6. On the resumption of the case of Dibbs v. Dibbs to-day, Mr Darley began his address to the jury on behalf, of the. respondent. He made a most eloquent appeal. The case is not yet ended. The general opinion is that Mr Dibbs will not obtain a verdict, though the evidence, goes to show serious breaches of conven tionalism on the part of Mrs Dibbs. There is great scarcity of water at the Botany dams. The Mayor has decided to stop watering the streets, also to make domiciliary visits with a view to ascer- taining cases of wastefulness. Ninian Melville preached the funeral sermon over the grave of a minor at Lambton yesterday. Mr Melville is a member of the Assembly, and the affair is regarded as significant. The action of the Australian Eleven in refusing to take part in the intercolonial matches is strongly condemned here. There is a feeling of satisfaction at the victory of Ross over Trickett, as proving that the Australian is out of form. Messrs R. Hill, J. Mackintosh, and J. Lucas, late members of the Assembly, get seats in the Upper House. The Rev. Mr Jefferies has obtained a year's leave of absence, and leaves for England next week. The Corporation, has decided to stop watering the streets, and make domi- ciliary visits to prevent the. wasting of water, owing to the fear of a drought. The first exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales, opened to-day in the Garden Palace, elicits favourable com- ment. The reduction of the bank discount is causing an increased domasnd for Govern ment securities. New Souith Wales five per 'cents. are unobtainable at 113k. 