THE HUNGRY DEATH. CHAPTER I It had been a mid night in Innlabonn, an Irish island perched far ont among Atlantic breakers, as the bird flies to Newfoundland. Whoever has weathered, an ocean hurnoane mil have some Idea of the far; with, which the tempest anas alts and s filiate each lonely rooks. The creatures who live upon them, at the merer of the wind and waves, build their cabins low, and pat atones on the rooi to keep the thatch from flying off on tbe trail of Mother Carey 'a chickens; and having made the eign of the croae over their thres hold at night they sleep soundly, undisturbed by the weird and appsUiug voioes whioh have eung alike the lollaby and death-keen of all their race. In winter, rain and storm are welcome to rage round them, even though fish be frightened away, and food be eoarce, bat when wild weather encroaches too far npon the spring, then threats of tbe "ban gry death are heard with fear in its mut- terings. Is any one to blame for this state of things 7 The people have a good lendlord ; bnt the greater part of the island is barren bog and rock. No shrob will grow upon it, and so fieroely is it swept by storm that the land by the northern and eastern coasts is only a picturesque wilderness, all life shelter ing itself in three little thatched villages to the eontb. The tea is tbe ireaanry of the inhabitants, and no more .daring hearts exist than those that fight these waves, often finding death in their jaws; but a want of even the rndeet piers as defenoe against tbe Atlantic makes the eeekiog of bread upon the waters a perilous, and often an entirely impossible exploit, Bolin is of no mean size, and has a large population. Light-hearted and frugal, the people feel themselves a little nation, and will point ont to yon with pride the storied interest of their islsnd. In esrly ages it waa a seat of learning, witness the ruins ot St. Coleman's school and church ; in Eliza beth's day the handsome masculine queen, Grace O'Malley, built herself a fort on a knoll faring the glories of the Western sky ; and on tbe straggling rocks which form the harbour Cromwell raised those blackened walla, still welded into the rack and fronting the foam. The island has a ohnrob, a schot 1, a store where meal, oil, aoap, ropes, & 0., can be had, exoept when oontrary winds detaiu the hooker whioh plies to and from Galway with anoh necessaries. Foreign sailors, weather-bound In Bofin, are welcomed, and invited to make merry. Pipers and fiddlers come and go, and, when times are pretty good, are kept bnsy making music for dancing feet. Even when the wolf is within a paoa of the door, laughter and song will ring about his ears, so long as the moDSter can be beaten back by one neighbour from another nelghbour'e thres hold. But there oomes a day when he entere where he will, smd the bones of the people are trie prey. Last night's was a spring storm, and many a " Lord hare mercy on na !" want op in the silent hoars, as the flooding rain that unearths tbe aeedlinga was heard seething on the wind; yet Bofin wakened ont of its nightmare of terror, green and gay, birds oarrolling in a blue sky, and the ring of tbe boat-maker's hammer suggesting peace and prosperity. Through the drzzling sunshine a girl came rowing herself in a small boat that daited rapidly along the water. The oars made a quick pleasant thod on the air, the larke rang in the clouds, and the girl poured ont matches of a song of her own in a plaintive and mellow voice. The tone was wild and mournful ; tbe Irish words of the ever -recur ring refrain might te freely translated thns : Fearful was her wooing. Ululn! All her life undoing, Ulalo ! When his fsee she sighted Back ebe fled Affrighted, BeAtb and she were plighted, Ulalo i A etiBBge song for saoh a gay gUttericg morning ! Had, thud, went the oars, the girl's kerchief fell back from her head as the firm clastic figure awsyed with the whole some exercise, Never waa a fairer picture of health, strength, and beauty. Her thick, dark red bur filled with the sunshine as a sponge fills with water ; ber red-brown eyes seemed to emit sparks of fire as tbe abadowe deepened ronnd them in tbe strong light. Two little ronnd dimples fixed at tbe cor ners of the prond carved mouth whirpered s tale of nnnsnal determination lying at the bottom of a passionate nature. There was nothing to aoconnt for bar carious choice of a song this brilliant morning, exoept the love of dramatic contrasts that exist in some eager souls. Suddenly she shipped ber oars, ard sat listening to the waves lapping the edges of the seaweed-fringed olfff. " 1 thooght I heard some one calling me," she muttered, looking up and down with a slight ehndder but a bold gazs — " Brlgid, Brigid, Brigld !" then, with a little Ungh, she dipped her oara xgxin, burst into a livily song, so reeling with merrimint that it was wonderful how she found breath for it, and her boat flew long the glittering waves like a gull. Above the broad, shalving, ahingly beach "tthfn the harbour stood tbe school, the store, and some of the beet dwellinga on the aland, and high and dry on the gleaming shingle the boat maker was at work with e ( knot Of gossips nooui him. The sky over 'heir heads was a aoft vivid bine ; the brown- fnnged racks loomed against a sea almost too dazzling to look npon; the dewy green fields lay like scattered emeralds among tbe rooks and hollows. 8 "Lord look to na 1" said a in a sou'-wester hat, "If the spring doesn't mend. Half my prate ea was washed clane ont o' the ground last night." " Whisht; man, whisht," said the boat- maker cheerfully. "Piok them up an' pat them in again." " Bedud," said an old fisherman, " the fish has gat down to the bottom of a'l eternity. Ye might as well go Rabin' tor mermaids." " Aren't ysz ashamed to grumble," cried a hearty vol 00 joining the group; " an' rich a mornin' as this ? I tell ye fast night waa the last o' thB rain." - " Ye have the hopes o' youth about ye, Coll Prendrrgast," said (be old flrtiBTUiap, . looking at the atrong frame and smiling bronzed Jaoe of the yoong man before bim. " If yet -words is not troth it'a the ray weed we'll be atin' afore next winther's ont," " Faix, some of it doesn't teste so bad," said Coll, laughing, " en' a little of it dried makes oapital tabsccy. But whisht 1 If here isn't Brigid Lavelle, come all tbe way from West Quarter in her pretty canoe." The aouod of oara bad been heard coming steadily nearer, and aoddenly Bngid'e boai shot ont from behind a mass of rook, making, with its occnpant, snob a piotnre on the glittering aaa that the men involuntarily smiled aa they shaded their eyes with their bands to look. Resting on her oars she smiled at them in return, while the euu- shine gilded her perfect oval faoe, aa brown as a berry, burnished the copper- bued hair rippling above ber black curved brows, and deepened the determined expression of her fall red month. Her drees, the costume of the island, was only remarkable for the freshness and newness of its material, a deep crimson skirt of wool, with a light print bodice and short tunio, and a white kerohief thrown over the back of her head. As Bhe nested the shore Coll sprang into the water, drew her canoe cloae to the rocks, and, making it fast helped her to land. " That's a han'some pair." said the old fisherman to tbe boat-maker. " 1 hear thrir match ia as good as made." " Coil's in lack," a aid the other, " A rioh beauty is not for ivery man." "She's too proud, I'm thinking. Look at the airs of her now, an' him wet np to the knees in her sarvloe." " Yer ould, man, en' .ye forget ytr coortio'. Let the creature- tosa her head while ahe can." Brigid had proceeded to the store, where her purchases were aoon made : a sack of meal, a can of oil, a Uttie tea and eager, sod some white flour. The girl hsd a frown on her handsome brows aa she did her bnrioesB, and took bnt little notioe of Coll, who busied himself gallantly with ber packages. When all were stored to the boat he handed her in, and stood looking at bar, wondering if she would give him a smile in retnro for hia attentions. ' Let me take the oara, Brigid. Ye'U be home in half the time." " No, thank ye," ebe answtred shortly. " I'll row my own boat aa long aa I oan." Coll emded broadly, half amused and half admiring, and again aongbt for a friendly glanoe at parting, bnt in vain. Tbe faoe that vanished ont of hit sight behind the cliff waa aa cold and proud aa though he had been her enemy. Alter be bad turned and waa striding op tbe beach the look that he bad wanted to aee followed him, shot through a rift in the rooks where Brigid paused and peered with a tenderness m her eyes that altered her whole faoe. It Coll had seen that look thia story might never have been written. As tbe girl's boat aped past the cliffs towards home ahe frowned, thinking how awkward it was that she should have met Coll Prendergast on the beach. He must have known the errand that brought her to the store, and how dare he smile at her like that before he knew what answer ahe would give hun ! Coil's nnoie and Brigia's father had planned a match between the yonDg people, and tbe match- making was to be held that night at Brigid's father's honas. Therefore had she ctms early in the morning in her boat to the ators, to bny provieioue for the evening's entertainment. Obedience to her father bad obliged her to do this, but her own strong will revolted from the pro ceeding. She was proud, handsome, and an fieiresB, and did Dot like to be eo easily won. Bngid'e father waa sitting at tbe fire — a consumptive-looking man, with a wistful and restless eye. Father, I have brought very little floor. The hooker hasn't got in." \- Sorra wondher, an' rich storms. Tia late In tbe year for tbings to be this ways." Brigid arranged bar little purchases on the dresser and rat down at tbe table, hot her breakfast, a few roasted potatoes and a tin mng of bntter-milk, remained untested before her. " Father, Isn't yon an' me happy as we are 7 Why need I marry in aich a horry 7" ' Because a lone woman's betther with a husband, my girL" " I am not a lone woman. Haven't I got yon f Not far long, avoarneen msohree. I'm -readyin' to go tbis good while." " Bnt I will hold yon back," cried Brigid passionately throwing hsr atroug arms around his neck. < Yon can't, asthoreen. Prn wanted yonder, and it'a time t was getting on with my purgatory. And there's bad times oomin', an' 1 will not let yon faoe them ftlODP" " I could pack op ray boodles od be eff to America," aaid Brigid stoutly, dasbiug away tears. " I will not have yon wanderiu' over the world like a stray bird," lad tbe father emphatically, and Br gid knew there was nothing more 10 be said, Lavelle's prosperity appeared before the world In a great deal of clean whitewash outside the boose, and an interior m re comfortable than ia nsnal on the island. Tbe osbin consisted of two rooms 1 the kttohen, with earthern floor and heather-lined roof, roosting-plsae for cocks and hens, and with its dresser, old and worm-eaten, showing a fair display of orockeiy ; and the best room, containing a bed, a few pioturea on sacred subjects, some sea-shells on the chimney- piece, an ornamental tray, an old gnn, and ao ancient time blackened crucifix against the wall, this last having been wished ashore one morniog after the wreck of a Spanish ship. This waa tbe finest house in Bofin, and Tim- Lavelle, having returned from seeing the world and married iate in life, had settled down in it, aud on the moot fertile bit of lend in the island. It was thought he had a stockingfol of money in tbe thatoh, whioh wonld of oonrae, be the pro perty of his danghter ; so no wonder if tbe handsome Brigtd had growu up a little spoiled with the knowledge of her own happy importanoe. As abe went about her affairs this morn ing ahe owned to herself .that ahe wmld not be sorry to be forced to be Coil's wife in spite of her pride. Trne he hsd paid her less court hitherto than any other young man on the island, nod ahe longed to pnniah him for that ; bnt what wonld become of her if she saw him married to another! Oh, if they had only loft tbe matter to herself ahe could have managed it an much better — eonld have plagued him to her heart's oooteot, and made him anxious to win her by means of the difficul ties the wonld have thrown in his way. Had Coll been aB poor aa he seemed to be, with nothing hot his boat and fishiog-taokle, ahe wonld have been easier to woo, for then eagerness to bestow on bim the contents of that Blocking In the thatch wonld have wept away the stumbling- block of ber pride. Bat bis ancle had saved some money, whioh was to be given to Prendergast on tbe day of hia marriage with her. It was a made-op match like Jndy O1 Flaherty's, while Brigia's proud heed was crtzad on the en'ject of bring loved for her love's sake alone. " I'll have to give him my hand to night," ahe said, folding her brown arms, and standing itra-ght in the middle of tbe room she had been dnsting and decorating. " I be to obey father, and I'll shame nobody afore the neighbours. Bat match-makia' isn't marryin' ; and if it was to break my heart an' do my death I'll find means to plague him into lovin' me yet." Having made this resolve she let down her long hair, and looked dark bronze while ebe sat in the corner patting oa her shoes, and tanned to gold aa she walked through a sun beam crossing the floor, and having brnsbed it ont and twisted it np again in a coil ronnd ber head, she finished ber simple toilet and went ont to the kttohen to receive her visitors. . The first that arrived waa Jndy O'Flaherty, an old woman with a smoke-, dried faoe, who sat dowo io tbe chimney' Corner and lit her pipe. Judy waa arrayed in a large patchwork qoilt, made of red and white cilioo patches, waa dean, and the cap on her head wae fresh and near. I giro ye joy of Coll Prendergset." said Jndy heartily. " Ye oogbt to be the glad girl to get rich a match." " Why ought I be glad f naked Brigid sgnly. " It's all as ooe may think." Holy Mother, girl 1 don't be aendin' them red sparks ont o' yer eyes at me 1 Where d'ye see the liken o Coll I'm aekin', with Ms six feet if he's an Inch, an' bis eyes like the blue on the Berk before nightfall 1" Brigid's heart leaped to hear htm praised, and she turned away her face to bide the smile that curled her lips. "An' yer match en aiay made for ye, without trouble to either o' ye. Not like some poor crituree, that have to round tbe world afore they can get one to pat a roof over their beade or a bit in their months. It's me that knows. Sura wasn't I a wander- ia' bein' doin' day's work in the monniains, and as party e girl as yon. Miss Brigid, on'y I hadn't the stockin' in the tbatob, nor the good father, to be aettlin' for me. An' sure I and tired an' spent I was when one night 1 heard a knock at the door o' the boose I wis workin' in, and a voice celled ont : Get np, Jndy ; here's a man come to marry yon 1' Maybe I didn't dress quiok; an' who was there bat a woman that knew my mother long ago, and nhe had met a widow-man that wanted somebody to look after his ctulder. An' she brooght bim to me, en' wakened me out o' my sleep for fear he'd take the roe. An' we ail sat o'er the fire for tbe rest o' the night to make tbe match, and io the first morning light we went down to Father Daly and got married. There's my marriage for ye, an' tbe rounds I had to get it, an' many a wan is like me. An' yet yer tousin' yer head at Coll, yon that hasn't as mnoh aa the trouble o' bein' axed." The smile had gone off Brigid's face. Thie freedom from trouble waa tbe very thing that troubled her. She wonld rather have had the exoitement of being " axed " a hundred qneBtions. As tbey talked the sun shine vanished and the rain again fell in tor rents, Brigid looked one of tbe door with s mischievous hope that the guests might be kept at home and the matchmaking porpuned. J ndy rooked herself and groaned : " Oh, mat ha, the piatees, the piatees 1 Oh, Lord, look down with meroy on tbe poor 1" then suddenly beoame silent and began telling her beads. A alight loll in the storm brought the com pany in a rash to the door, with bursts of langnter, groans for the ram and the potatoes, shaking aud drying of cloaks and coats, and squealing and tnning np ot pipes. Among tbe rest came Coll, 8miiug aud confident as ever, with an aroh look in his eyes when they met Brigid's and not the least symptom of fear or anxiety in his face, ftoon the door w«a barred against the storm, the fish-oil lamp lighted, laughter, aong, and danoing filled lire little house, and the rotting putstea and the roinooa rains were forgotten as completely aa ihongn the Bofio population bad Dean god desses and gods, with whose nectar and am brosia no Bnoh thing as weather oonld dare to interfere. "Faith, ye moat dance wiih ms, Brigid," said Coll after ahe had refused turn hidl-a- dozen times. "Whymustldm.ee with you 7" I " Ob, now, don't ye know what's goin' on in there !" aaid Coll roguishly, signing to wards the room where father and uncle were argmog over money and land. "X do," said Bngid, with all the red fire of her eyes blazing ont npon hun, " Bat, uiiod ye, this matoh-mskiag' is none o' my doin'." " Why then, avoarneen 7" " I'm not goin' to marry a man that on'y wants a wife, an' dosen't care a pin whether it's me or another." " Bedad. ldo care," said Coll awkwardly. " I'm a bad hand at the speaiuu', but I care entirely." But Brigid went off, and danced with another man. Coli was puzzled. He did not understand her in the least. He was a simple, straight forward fellow, and had trnly been in love with Brigid — a (act which bis eonfident man. uer bad never allowed ber to believe. L.t- terly he had begnc to feel afraid of her ; when ever he tried to aay a tender word, that red light in ber eyes wonld flseb and sir.ke him uumb. He had hoped that when then " match was made" she woold have grown - mtle kinder; but it seems she was ouly getting harsher instead. Wei', he would try and bit onsome way to pieaee her ; and, aB he walked home that night, he pondered on al sores of plans for softening her prond temper and satisfying her exacting mind. U n her side, Brigid saw that she had start led him ont of his ordinary easy hnmour, and congratulating herself on tbe spirit she had showo, reBolved to continue her pieseni style of proceeding. Not one smile wonld she give him, till she had, aa she told herself, nearly tormented him to death. How close ahe Was to keep to tbe letter of her resoiotion could not at this time be foreseen. Every evening after this Coil travelled across half the island to read some old treas ured newspaper to the sickly Lavelle, ana bringing various little offerings to bis betro thed. Everything that Bufia could supply in the way ot a love-gift waa aoaght by him, and presented to her. Now it was a few handsome shells pnrohased from a foreigu sailor in the harbour, or it was the model of boat he had oarved tor her himself ; and al tbis attention was not without its lasting effect. Unfortunately, however, whi.e Brigid's heart grew more soft, her toogue only waxed more slurp, and her eyes more acorofn- l'he more clearly she perceived that she woclo soon have to yield, t&e; more hacgnty and uaprioioaB did she oeaome. Hsd the young area been able to eee behind outward appear- anoes be woold have been thoroughly satisfied, and a good deal startled at the Vehemence 01 the devotion that bad grown up and strengib- eiei for hun in that prond and wayward heart. Aa it waa he felt mors and more chilled by her continued coldness, and began to weary if a pare nit whioh seemed unlikely 10 be cither for his dignity or bis happioess. Meanwhile the rain went. on falling, Tub spring wae bad, the summer was bad, potatoes were lew and unwholesome; the turf lay nodried, and rotting on the bog. Distress began to pinch the cheerful faoes of the island ers, and laughter and aong were half drowoeo in murmurs of fear. Ac the eight of so mnob surrow and anxiety around her Bngid'e hear, began to ache, and to smite and reproach he> for her selfish aud umuly humours. One night, softened by the snffenngs of others, tbe astonished herself by tailing on ber kueee and giving humble thanks to heaven for Ibe uodeserved happiness that was awMtiog her. She vowed that the next time Gull appeared she Would pnt her hand in his, and let the love of ber neart ahiue out in the smiles ot her eyes. Had she kept tbis vow it mignl have been well with her, bnt her habit 01 vexing had grown all too strung to be cared in an boar. Ac the first sight of her lnv.r'rs anxious faoe in the doorway . all ber passion for tormenting him returned. It waa an evening in the end of May ; the day had been cold and wet, and as dark aa January, but the ram had erased, the clouds had parted, and one of those fiery sansws burst upon the world that sometimes appear unexpectedly in the midst of stormy weather. In Bofin, where tbe sun drops down the I beevens from burning cloud to olond, and sinks in the ocean, the whole island Waa wrapped in a crimson flame. Brigid stood at her door, gazing at the wonderful speotaale of theheivens aud sea, looking herself strangely handsome, with her bronze hair glittering re the ruddy Bunlight, anil the datk shadow about her eyes and brows whioh, except when she snuled, always gave such a look 01 tra gedy to her faoe, Bhe waa waiting for Coll, with softened lips and downoast eyes, and was so lost in her own thoughts that she did not see him when he stood beside her. He remained silently watohing her for a few moments, thinking that if she wonld begin to look like that he wonld be ready to love her at well as he had ever, loved her, and to for get that he had ever wearied of ber harassing scorn. At this very moment Brigid was rehearsing within her mind a land of little epeeah whioh was to establish 8 good under standing between them. . "I'm eorry I vexed you ao often, for I love yon tine," were Hie words she bad meant to epeak; but suddenly Bering Coll by her side thebahimal taunt flew Involuntarily to her P" You heie again !" she ssid d'edalnfolly. "Then no one can ray bnt you're the perse- veiinest man in the island 1" " Maybe I'm ton pereeverioV' said Cntl quietly, snd, as Brigid looked at him with covert rcinor»e. she saw something io hia face that frightened, her. His expression was a mixture ot weariness and contempt. He waa not hurt, or angry, oramusad, as ahe had been accustomed to see him, but tired of her inso lence, which was Gearing to give him pain. A Sudden consciousness of this made Brigid turn sick at heart, and she felt that she had at last gone a little too far, that she bad been losing him all tbis time while triumphantly lb inking to win him. Oh, why oonld she not speak and aay the word that she wanted to say 7 While this angoiih oam> into her thoughts ber brows grew darker tban erer, and tbe warmth ebbed gradually ont of her obeek. They went silently Into tbe houae, where Brigid took up her knitting, and Coll dropped into his seat beside Lavelle. The bad times, the rotting crops, the scant ex- pectstiina of a harvest, were discussed by the two men while Brigid eat fighting with her pride, and trying to decide on what she ought to aay or do. Before ahe had made up her miud Coll had said good -evening abruptly, and gone ont of the house. The young fisherman's home waa in Middle Quarter Village, a cluster of grey stone cabins close to the aaa, and, to retch it. Coll had to cross almost the whole breadth of the island. He set ont on his homeward walk with a weary and angry neart. Brigid's dark unyielding faoe followed him, and he waa overwhelmed by a fit of unusual depression. He whistled as be went trying to shake it eg, Why should he fret about a woman who disliked him, and who probably loved another whom her father disapproved? Let her do what she liked with herself aud her puree. Coll would per secute her no more. The red light had slowly vanished off the island, and the dark oliffs on the oceanward coast loomed large and black against the still lurid sky. Deep drifts of brown and pnrpie flecked with amber swept across the bogs, and filled np the dreary horrors ot tbe barren sod irreo aimable land, which Coll had to traverse on his way to tbe foam-drenohed village where the fisbermee lived. The heavene oooled to paler lints, a ring of yellow light encircled the island with its creeping shadows and ghost-like rocks. Twilight was descending when Coll heard a faint cry from the distance, like tbe o.ll of a belated bird or the writ oi a child in distress. At first he thought It was the wind or a plover, but attaining hie eyea in the direo- cion whence it came he saw a small form standing solitary in the middle of a distant hollow, a piece of treacherous bog dangerous in the crossing exoept to knowing feet. Harrying to the epot he found himself jast in rime to euaaour a fellow-creature in dis tress. Approaching as near aa he oonld with ease to the person who had eammoned him, he saw a very yoong girl standing gazing towards him with piteous looks, tihe was small, slight, pouriy and soantily olad, and earned a creel toll of aea- raok on her alight and bending shoulders A pale after-gleam from the sky fell where she stood, young and forlorn, in the shadowy soli tude, and lit np a lane round and delicately pale, reminding one of a daisy ; a wreath ol wind- tossed yellow hair and eyes as bine aa forget-me-nots. Terror hod taken possession of her, and ahe atretahiHl out her heads appeslingly to tbe strong man, who stood looking at her from the opposite side of the bog. Coll observed her in silenoe for a few moments. It seemed aa if he had known ber long ago; and that ahe belonged to him ; yet ii so it was in another state oi existence, tor he assured himself that ahe was no one with whoui he had any acquaintance. However that might be, ho was determined to knuw more of ber now, lor, with her childlike appealing eyes and ontstreenned hands, she went straignt into Cull's heart to nestle there like a dove of oeaoe Cor evermore. "Aisy, asthoreen," cried Gall aoross the bog, " I'm goin' to look after ye. Ntver ye fear." He oroseed the morass with a few rapid springe, aud ntood by beneide. " Give me the oreel, avourueeu, till I land it for ye safe." A few minutes and the burthen was deposited on the sate aide of the bog, and then Cou oame-back and took the young girl in his aims. " Keep a good honlt ronnd my nsok, mach- roe." It was a nice feat for a man to pick hia way through this bog with even so small a woman as this ia bis arms. Tbe gui claag to bim to tear, aa he swayed and balanced himself on one sure stone alter another, slipping here and stumbling there, bnt always reoovenng himself before mischief oonld be does. At rest the deed was accomplished, the goat was won. "Ye were frightened, acushla," ssid Coll tenderly. "I was feared of dhrownin, ye," said the girl, looking wistfully in his iaoe with her great blue eyes. " tiorra mattber if ye had,', said Coll laughingly, ' except that maybe ye'd ha' neeu dhrowoed too. Now whioh ways are ye goin' ; an' maybe ye'd be afther teliin' me who ye are." " I'm Moya Maillie" said the girl ; "an' I live in Middle Quarter Village." " Why yer niver little Moya that I need to eee playing round poor Maillie's door that'e dead an' gone. And how did ye grow np hat ways to a night F' " Mocner aaya I'll niver grow np," laughed Moya ; but I'm sixteen on May mornin,' aud I'll be cunuot to be an I am." " Many a fine lady woold give her fortune to be oontint with that same," said Coll, ending along with the ateel oa his shoulders, ad glsooing do»n every miaute at the sweet whitc-fiower-like face that flitted through the twilight at his aide. Thus Brigid's repent- uuoe would new come ail too late, far Coll and fallen in love with little Moya. How he brought her home that night to a bare and poverty-stricken cabin in the sea- washed fishing village and restored her like a stray lamb to her mother, need not be told. Her mother was a widow and the mother of seven, and Moya'e willing labour was a great part of tbe family support, tihe mended nets for lishermeo, and oarried rack tor the neigbboare' land, knitted stockings to be sent ont to tbe great world and sold, end did any other task wniob her sleoder and eager handa o .old find to do. Coil naked Himself in amazement how it woe that having known her as a baby he bad never observeo ber existence einoe thru. Now au angel, hr believed, had led her uut into the dreary bug to stand waiting for hia sore heart on thai blessed day of days. And he woold never marry anyone bnt little Moya. It was impossible they oonld marry while times were so bad, bat, every evening after this, Moya might be seen ptrohed 00 an old boat upon the shingle, busy with her knitting —her tiny feet; bare and ao browo, oroseed under the folds of her old worn red petticoat, with a faint rosc-pink In har pale cheeks, and a light of extraordinary happiness to ber ofaildlike bine eyes. Coll lay on the shingle at her feet, and these two found an elyaium re each other's company, There waa mocb Idleness perforce for toe men of Bufia at this time, and Coll filled up hia hours looking after the concerns of the Widow Maillie, carrying Moya'a burdens, and making tbe bud times as easy for her as he could. When people wonld look surprised at him and ask. "Arrah, thin, what about Brigid Lavelle ?" Coll would answer, "Oh, she turned me off long ago. Everybody knows chat she could oot bear the sight of me." In the meantime Brigid, at the other cud of tbe island, was watching daily aud hourly for Coll'a reappearanoe. As evening after evening passed without bringing him, her heart misgave ber more and more, and she mourned bitterly over her own harshness and pride. Ob, if he would only come onoe again with that wistful, questioning look in hia brave faoe, how kindly she woold great him, bow eagerly pnt her hand in hia grasp 1 As the rain rained on through the early summer evenings, there would often oome before sunset a lightening and brightening aU over the sky, and this was the hour at whioh Bngid used to look for her now ever-absent lover. Climbing to the top of the hill, the would peer over the sea-batwdtd lsudtcape, with its dark stretches of -bog, and strips and fi-oks of green, towards tbe grey irre gular line of the fishing village, the smoke of whioh she oonld see hanging against the bor-zon. Her face grew paler and her eyes doll, bnt to no one, not even to ber father, would ebe admit that ahe was pining for Coil's return. She hsd always lived mnob by herself, snd had few gossiping friends to bring her Dews. At last, unable to beer be saepsnse any longer, she mad- an excu-e f business ai the store on the b-ich ; arid before ate bad gone far among tbe bonne, -it that metropolis of tbe island, ebe woe en- lightened ee to the cause of her lover s defection. ' "So ye oast bim '-ff 80 ye giv him to little Moys Maillie," were the words that greeted her wherever ehe turned, tihe am -led ad D'ldded her heed, oe if heartily assent ing to what was erud, and content with tile existing state of things ; but us she walked way out of the reaob of observing eyes, her faoe grew dark, and ber heart throbbed like to bunt iu her bosom. Alunwt nwhanwtily she took ber way home through the Middle Quarter Village, with a vagus desire to aw wbst was to be seen, and to hear whatever was to be beard. She passed among the houses without observing anything that interested ber, bnt, as ahe left the village, by the sea-shore she came npon Coll and Moya sitting on a rook in the yellow light of a watery e onset, with a mist of sea-foam around them, and a net over their knees wbloh they were mending between them. Their heads were oloae together, and Coll wta looking in her face with the very look which, all these tedious days and nights, Brigid, had been wearying to meet, tihe walked np beside them, and stood looking at them silently with a light in her eyea that was not good to behold. ' Brigid," eaid Coll, when he oonld bear it 00 longer, "for Heaven's lake, are ye oot satisfied yet t" She turned from him and fixed her strange glaooe on M< ys: " It was me before, an' it's you now," ahe aaid Bbortly. " He's a constant lover, isn't he I" " I loved ye true, an ye sooffed and aooraed me," eaid Coll gently, aa the gleam of angniBh and despair in her eyes startled him. " I wasn't good enough for Brigid, bnt I'm good enough for Moya. We're neither of na aa rich nor as clever as yon, bnt we'll do for one another well enough." Bngid laughed a sharp sudden laogb, and still looked at Moya. " For Heaven'a sake take that wicked look off her face," oried Call hastily. " What- somdever way it is betnue ns three la yer own doin' ; an', whether ye like it or not, it cannot now be helped." " I will never forgive either of you," aaid Brigid in a low hard voioe ; and then, turning abruptly away, she set out on ber homeward walk through tile gathering shadows. GHAFXEK D. All through that summer the rain fell, and when autumn came in Bofio, there was no harvest either of fuel or of food. The potato- seed had been for the moat part waabed out of the earth without putting forth a shoot, while those that remained in the ground were nearly all rotted by a loathsome disease. The amiluig little fields that grew the food were turned into blackened pita, giving forth a horrid ateooh. Winter waa beginoiug again, tbe year having bean but one long winter, with seaa too wild to be often braved by even the sturdiest of the fishermen, and the fish asemed to have deserted the island. Aliens tomed to mat on what would satisfy no other race, and to truat to Providence to send them that little ont of the earth and ont of the see, the people Doro np cheerfully for e long time; living on a men of Indian meal onoe a day, mingled with anoh edible sea weed aa they oonld gather off the rooks. 80 long aa shopkeepers ia Galway and other towoa oonld afford to give credit to the ialaed, toe booker kept bringing anoh aoanty supplies as were now the sole sustenance of the im> poverisbed population.. Bat oredit began to laii, and universal distress on the mainland gave back aa answering wail to the hanger- cry of tbe Bofiaera. It ia hard for any one who has never witnessed anoh a state of things to imagine tbe condition of tea Or twelve hundred living arestaree, on a barren island girdled round with angry breakers ; the strong arms among them paralyzed, first by tbe atorme that dash their boats to pieces, and rend aud destroy their fishing gear, and tbe devastation of the earth that makea labour uaeleaa, aud later by the faiutneaa and eiokuess which come from hunger long endured, aud the cold from which they have au longer a defence. Aouoatomad aa tbey are to the hardships of recurring years ot trial, the Bofiaera became gradually aware that a visitation was at hand for which there bad seldom been a parallel. Earth and tea alike barren and pitiless to their needs, whence oonld deliverance oome unless tbe neavens rained slowa manna into their mi ucbe ? Alas 1 no miraole was wrought, and after (arm of brave straggle, hope ia Providence; aheerfal poshing off the terrible lean for the went — alter this, laughter, music, song, faded ont of the island ; feet that bad danned aa long aa It was possible, now might hardly walk, and tbe weakest among the people began to die. Troops of ahildran that a few months ago were rosy aud sturdy, sporting on the sea -shore, now stretohed their -emaciated limbs by tha fire- iesa hearths, and wasted to death before their maddened mother eyes. The old and ailing vanished like fl.x before a flame Digging of graves was soon the ohief labour of tne island, and a day seemed near at hand when the survivors wonld no longer have strength to perform even this last ewvioe for tbe dead. Lavelle and hia danghter ware among tbe lest to Buffer from the hard times, and they shared what they had with the r poor neigb boare ; bat in oonrae of time the fatner oaogbt the fever which tbe famine had draught in its train, and was "qnickly swept into his grave, while the girl was left in possession of their little property, with her stocking in tbe thatoh and her small flock of "beasts" in the field. Her first iude;ea- dent sot was to despatch all the money she had left, by a trusty hand to Galway to bay meal, in one of those pauses in the bad weather which sometimes sllt-wad a boat to pat off from the island. Toe meal arrived after long, unavoidable dtliy, and Brigid bsoame a benefactor to numbers of ber fsllow-oreatnrea. Late and early she trudged from village to village and from hoost to lionse, doling out her meal to make It go as far as possible, till her own fsoa grew pale nd her step alow, for she atioted bar own food to have tbe mora to give away. Her "" beasts" grew Iran and dejected. Why should aha feed thorn at the expense of annua life I They were killed, sed tbe meat given to her famishing friend. Tbe little property of tbe few other well-to-do families ia like meaner melted sway, and i it seemed likely that " rich " and poor wonld aoon all be buried in one grave. In tbe widow Maillie's honae the famine had been early at work. Five of Moya'a little eiaters and brothers had one by one sickened and dropped upon the cabin floor. The two elder boys aiitl walked about look ing like galvanised skeletons, and the mother crept from wall to wall of har honae trying to pretend that ahe did not anffer, and to conk the mess of rank-looking seaweed, -which waa all they conld procure in the shape of fcoJ. Coli risked hu life d»y after day trying to catch fish to relieve their hanger, bat scant and few were the meals that ail hia efforts oonld procure from the eea. Whits and gaunt he followed little Moya'a steps, aa with the spirit of a giant, ahe kept on toiling among the rooka for each weede or ehell-fieh ae oonld be supposed to be edible. When ehe fell Coli bore her np, bat the onoe powerful men was not able to carry ber now. Her lovely tittle face was hollow and pinched, the oheek bonea onttiog through the akin. Her sweet blue eyee were sunken and dim, her pretty month purple and strained. Her beauty and hia strength were alike gone. Three of the boys died in one night, ana it took Coll, wasted aa he was, two days to dig a grave deep enough to bury them. Before that week waa over aU the children were dead of starvation, and the mother aoarosly alive. One evening Coll made his way alowly aoross the island from the beach oariying a small bag of meal which he had unexpectedly obtained. Now and again his limbs failed, and be had to lie down and rest npon the ground ; bnt with long perseverenoe aud unconquerable energy he reaohed tbe little fishing village at lut, Az he psaaed the first honae, Brigid Lavelle, pallid and worn, the speotre of herself, came out of tha door with an empty basket. Call and she stared at each other in melanoboly amaze ment. It waa the flirt time they had met einoe the memorable acena on the make many months ago, for Colt's entire time had been devoted to the Maillies, and Brigid had per sistently kept out of hia way, striving, by ohsrity to others, to quench the Are of angry despair in hir heart. Co! would ecaraety have recognised her in her present death like go lee; had it not been for the still living glory of her hair. The Sight of Coil's great frame, ones so stalwart snd erect, now stooping end attenn- tad, hie lustreless eyes, and bine onld lips, aire ok horror into Brigid's heart. She ottered a faint sharp cry and disappeared. Coll rouoely noticed her, hit thoughts were ao Giled with an-ither ; and a little farther on he met Moya coming to mett him, walking with a. sJowuneven step that told of the whirl ing of the exhaostad brain. Half blind with Weakness, ehe stretohed her hands before her ae abe walked. "The tmngty deuhii oa my artbrt rt last-. Oh, CelL come in aud" aee the last o' her I" " Whisht, maohree t Look at the beauti ful taste o' male I am bringin' her. Hard work I had to carry it from the beach, for the eyes o' the matures is Jike wolves' eyea and I thought tbe longiu' o' them would have dragged it ont o' my iundr. An' Maya, there's help 00 min' from God to na. There's I kind peopU out iu the world that's thiukiu' 0 our need. The man that has just landed with a rack, an' giv' me thia, a»ys there's a booker full o' male on it's road to us tbis day. May the great Lord send na weather to bnng it here." I'm feared— l'm for red it'a too late for her," sobbed Moy., dinging to him. They entered the osbin where the woman lay, a mere skeleton covered with akin, with the life still flickering in her glassy eyes. Coll put tittle of the meal, as it wag, between her Hps, while Moya hastened to cook the rest on a fire made of the dried roots of heather. Tbe mother turned loving looks from one to the other, tried to awallow a little of the food to please them, gasped, shuddered a little, aud waa dead. It waa a long, hard taek for Coll and Moya to bury her, and when this was done they sat on the heather clasping each other's wasted bends. The sky wae dark; the storm waa coming on again. As night approached, a tempest was let lcose npon tbe island, and famishing hearts that had throbbed with a tittle hope at the news of the relief that waa on ite way to them, now groaned, eiokened, and broke in despair. Loader howled the wind, and tbe aea raged aronnd the dangerous rocks towards which no vessel oonld dare to approach. It waa the doing of the Moat High, raid the perishing creature#. Hia scourge was in His hand. Might Hia ever blessed will be done ! That evening Moya became deliriooa, and Coll watched all night by her aide. At morning tight he fled out and went round the village, crying out desperately to God and man to send him a morsel of food to save the life of his young love. The suffering neigh bours turned pitying eyea upon him. " I'm Lared it'a all over with her when ahe oan't taste tbe ray- weed any more," raid one. " Why don't ye go to Brigid Lavelle 7' said another. " She hasn't much left, poor girl ; but maybe ah'd have a mouthful for you." Till thia moment CoU had fell that he oould. not go begging of Brigid ; hut, now that Moya'a precious life waa slipping rapidly out of his hands, he would suffer the deepest humltistiou ahe could heap npon him, if only ahe would give bim eomuohfoodae would keep breath in Moya'a body toll anoh time ea by Heaven'a meroy the storm might abate; and the hooker with the relief-meal arrive. Brigtd area alone in her house. A little porridge for some poor creature simmered on a aoanty fire, and the girl stood iu the middle of the floor, her hands wrung together stove her head, and ber brain distracted with the remembrauoe of Coll as she had seen him stricken by tbe scourge. All these mouths ahe hsd told ber jdalous hears that the M utiles were safe enough siooe tbey had CoU to take airs of them. So long as there waa a fish in she sea be would not let them starve, neither need be in any danger him self. And eo she had never asked a question about him or them. Now the horror of bis altered fsoe haunted her. She had walked through tbe direst scenes with oourageoua calm, but this one uoexpeated eight of woe had nearly maddened her. A knock came to the doer whioh at first the oould not hear for the bowling of tbe wind ; but when she heard and opened, than was Coli standing before her. " Meal," he said faintly — " a little meal, for tha love of Christ 1 Moya ia dying." A apaam of anguish and tenderness had oroasad Brigid's fan at the first words ; but at the mention of Moya, her fan darkened. " Why should I give to you or Moya 7" she aud ooldly. " There's them that needs tha help aa mnoh aa ye." " Bat not more," pleaded Coli. " Oh Brigtd, I'm not aakin' lor myself. I fear I vexed ye; though L did oot mean it. But Moya niver did any one any harm. Will you give me a morsel to rave her from the hungry death?" " I aaid I niver would forgive cither o' ye an' I niver will," eaid Brigid alowly. " Ye broke my heart, an' why wouldn't I break yoora f " Brigid, perhaps neither you nor me bes mnoh longer to live. Will ye go before yer Judge with eioh black words on yer lips f " That's my affair," ehe answered in the same hard voin, aud then suddenly turning from him, shut the door in hie faoe. She stood listening within, expecting to hear him returning to implure her, bnt no farther eouod was heard ; when she found he was gone, ehe dropped npon the floor with a ehritk, and rocked herself in a freizy of remorse for her wickedness. "But 1 cannot help everyone," ehe moaned ; " Fm starving myself, an' there's uothiu, but a han'fol o' male at the bottom o' the bag." After e while ehe got up, and oarried the mess of porridge to tbe bonae for which abe bed intended it, and all that day ahe went, doing what charity ahe oonld, and not tasting anything herself. Returning ahe lay dowo oa ttio heather, overcome with weakness, tell aalasp, and had a terrible dream, tihe saw herself dead and judged ; a bleak-winged angel put tha mark of Cain on her fore-head, and at the earns moment Coll and Moya went, glorified aud happy, hand iu hand into heaven before her eyee. " Depart from me you aeooreed," thundered iu her ears ; aodabe started wide awake to hearths winds and wave roar.ug unabated round her heed. Wet and shivering ehe straggled to regaio hsr foot, and stood irresolute where to go. Dreading to re tarn to her desolate home ehe mechanically set ber face towards the Mtle cbarch on the cliffs above the b.ach. On ber way to it abe passed proairate forms, dying or dead, on the hratber, on the roadside, and against the oabin walla. A few weakly on a- torea, digging graves, begged from her ee she went pssr, bat she took no notice of anything, living or dead, making straight for the church. No one waa there, and the storm howled dismally through the empty, barntike build ing. Four bare, white-washed walla, and a rude wooden altar with a painted tabernacle and oroea — thia was the church. On one long wall waa huug e lugs crucifix, a white, thoro-crowaed figure upon stakes of black- painted wood, whioh had been placed there io memory of a ' mission" lately preached ou the island ; and on this Brigid's burning eyea fixed them selves with an agony of meaning. Slowly approaching if she kerlt aod stretohed out her arms, ottering no prayer bnt aweyiog herself monotonooaly to and fro. After a while tbe frenzied pain of remorse waa dulled by phyaica! exhaus tion, and a stupor was stealing over ber senses when atap entering the church startled her beck to coneoioasnese. Looking round she saw that the priest of tbe island had corns in, and wae wearily dragging himself towards the altar. Father John wav tufferiog and dying with his people. He had juet now returned from round of visits among the alok, during whioh he bad aped some departing soola on their journey, and given the last oonaolation of . religion to the dying- Hie own gaunt face and form bore witness to the nnaelfishnesi which hadmade all his little worldly go -da the oommon property of ths famishing. Before he had retched the rails of the altar Brigid had thrown herself on her fsoe at his feet. " Save me, father, rave me 1" she wailed. "The sin of man her is on my soul 1" "Nonaeine, child I No suoh thing. It la too mnoh that you have been doing, my poor Brigid I I fear the fever hu crazed your brain." "Listen to me father. Moya is dying, an' than la still a couple o' hau'fula o male io tha bag. Coll came an asked me for he-, en' 1 wonld not givo it to him, an maybe ehe is dead." You refused her because you hated her 1" raid the priest. " God h-lp you, my ponr Brigid. 'Tia true you oan't s»v- every life ; but you mutt try end rave this one." Brigid gazed up «t him, brightly at first, as if an argel bad tpeken, and then the dark shadow fell agf-in into her eyes. The prieit raw it, « Lo >k there, my poor oool." he raid, ex. tending rh>o hand towards the figure 00 the oreaa. " Did He forgive His enemies, tr did He notf Brigid turned her fascinated gaze to the croeiGx, fixed .tbrm on the thorn- crowned t. oe, end, uttering wild cry, got np and tottered <m! ol <&nroli;« Spurred by terror leet her amend eboold oome too late, md Moya be d? ad before ibe could reach ber, the toiled acroee the heatber once more, over the dreary bogs, and through tbe hewi ng storm. Dews of suffering and exhftuet oo were en her brow as she carefully emptied all tbe a eel 'hat wis lett of her store into the vessel, sod a toed 'or a momett looking st it ia ber hand. "There iso't enough for all of ur,n she raid, "aa' some of as be to die. It wig al ways her or me, her or me so' sow it'll be me. Hay Christ re ceive ire, Moys, aa I fcr- give you." Aod then she kissed tba vessel, and put it under her oh ak. Lravrag the houre she was careless to oloae the floor behind hsr, feeling certain the should rever croaa the threshold again, aud, atraioiug all her remaining strength to tt» task, ate urged ber lagging feet by tbe short est w»y to the Middle Quarter Village. Dire wete the sights she bad to para upon ber way. Many a skeleton hand waa ont- atietched for the food Bhe carried , hut Brigid was now deaf aud blind to all appeals. She aw only Coll'a_ accusing face, end Moya'e glazing eyes atsiiog terribly at ber out of the raiu-clonda. Beaching the Maillies' cabin ale found the door fastened against tbe atorm. CoU was kuaellrg in despair by Moya, when a kuocbiog at the door aroused bim. The poor fellow had prayrdso passionately, SI d was iu sucn an exalted state, that be al most expscted to eee an mgel of light upon the threahold bring the food te had eo urg- eetly asked for. Tha priest had teBn there, end was gone, the neighbours were wwk in their own miai ry ; why ehonld anyone oome knocking tike that unless it were au anrel bringing help? Trembling he opened tbe door ; and thirs was Brigid, or her ghost. " Am I iu timef' gasped ahe, aa aha put the vessel of fm d in hia head. " Aye»" said Coll, seizing it. In hia trans port of delight he would have gone on hit knee and kissed ber feet ; but before be could speak she was gone. Whither should ahe go now 7 waa Brigid'a thought. No use returning to the desolate aod lonesome home where neither food nor fire wm an; longer to be found. She dreaded dying on her own hearth-atone alone, and faint as aha waa aha knew what waa now before her. Gaining the path to the beach ahe made a last pull cn her energies to reach the whitewashed. walla, above whioh her fading eyea jut dimly discerned tha cross. Tha only fees aha now wauled to look upon again waa that thorn -crowned faoe, whioh was waiting for her in the ionshnsaa of tha empty and wiod-awept chnroh. Falling, fainting, dragging herself on again, ahe orept within tba shelter of the walls; A Utile more sffurt, »od she would be at Hia feet, Tba straggle was a ale, blindly, alowly, des perately, with a leal rally of all the p nation of a most impassioned nature ; aud it last ahe lay her length on tbe earthen floor under the croaa. Darkness, silence, peace, settled down upon her. Toe storm raved around, tbe night o;7U9 on, aud when tbe moraiog broke, Brigid was dead. Mildly and serenely that day had dawned, a p ttiul sky looked down on the calamities of Bufia, aud the vessel with the relief-meal wiled lute the harbour. For many even then alive the food oame all too late, but to num bers it brought assuagement and salvation. Tha charily of the world wae at work, aud though much had yet to be suffered, yet tha hungry death had been mercifully stayed. Thanks to the timely help, Moya lived for betfar times, and when her health was soma what restored aha emigrated with Ooll to Amarios. Every night iu their distant bsok woods hut they pray together for the soul of Brigid Lavelle; who, when in tha world, had loved ooe ot tbem too well, and died to save the life of the other- 