! ' THE PYRMONT SPEECH. Dr. i Yaughan took advantaged 'of .last Sunday to show, as -usual; how Popery, breaks the law,. and .is a: law unto itself. He:,laid the; foundation :stone . of a ,'small Popish school ; but he made it the'occasion of . making, a .great; Popish; speech— ";0n Education;" ; . We .have before, pointed: out that the ; so called argument nvith which' His, GVaee, justifies thelaying of the first stone. of. asschooL-.buildingvon a:Sunday;; viz;, - that. it . is ' connected with religion; would justify his laying every other; stone of; the building mn a' Sundayi; and .there fore that the law of Popery sets at defiance thellaw, of the land, ; and robs the people: of their greatest religious boon— a day of rest. Were it not for very shame and fear of the consequences Dr. Vaugban would give dispensation . to all the workmen connected 'with his s'chool and chapel .arid priest-house buildings, to work on Sunday 4r-because .the work \ is connected with religion. All the world over Popery is the same. It is the " lawless one." It ".'chUnges'times.";; It ,is' " above all' that is called God." It is '' that wicked, whom Christ will consume, with ;the (brightness .ofJELis coming." j But the speech— ah, the speech of his Grace— that was the '.chief thing, 'next to . )the1edUeetidn!''/ It. is- to the speech .that we look. ' There; were two 'or three things in' it.- that? deserve notice!" as they /were spbkeri>!R>! those who Acknowledge his' Gra'ce"as'"tlieir Archbishop." ,;w J': I The first thing noticeable is. His' Grace; iclaimirig to have been a " good'prbphet;'" -because lie' told his people months , 'aiuT j months ago that State-aid would be with-! 'drawn from the Denominational Schools ;' jand the fact is now plain1 — the: deed is no w done ! Ho calls this prophecy, and |Ke calls it shrewdness becoming an Arch- ' .bishop! We think, however, that there jare many in the colony, and many of "the iCatholic ' laymen who were hearing His Grace's speech, who are disputing 'with him his right'; to 1 the! credit. - :Nay,;tbere. are !maiiy who will tell Dr. Yaughan that"' be' isaa bad prophet, 'and/destitute of ' shrewdness becoming an Archbishop : because' lie"' set 'himself to fulfil"' 'his j>ro- I ph ecief ,',and'i- was "guilty ;;of ' - ; the" - folly of' \doing 'all in'his 'power tbx cause 1 tlie Stdte- Ijiicl' the ' schools .' to bb' loitlidraibri: _ If dbere-be any loss to the Catholics in their" jschools being left' without State-aid," they' have1 'to thank "His' Grace for :it ; ' and if -fciieyput np'with'the loss for "the sake oif.' their i Archbishop' being foun'd' d"prophet,' they ought riot to complain !' . ' ' ' ' The Archbishop remembers those boy of days hits which wonderfully interest him. . He cannot forget the nurseryi He dwells with delight on the time" when he wore' petticoats. He is always' looking' back on' jth'e' time when he got his ; first -trousers; on. ' There 'was a "black man" iii' those days, that' 'used to ' trouble hint wheri ;he:'%as; naughty. Tlie " black man", was a; Popish 1 lie which Popish "servants made useful; jori the principle that the : eridJ-8arictifies' ;the!meahs " ;'and;- cordially 'approving'bf ithis principle;-' as 1 a!pplved:iri ;the nursery,' for naughty children, Dr. Yaughan; ex plains -that : his- Pastoral was 1 pit tended to itestants. arid Secularists. Tt did alarm them, at first, he says: but. he says also, that the>;fear. soon passed : off. Like the1 Flamaniem Gate document of Dr. Wise man, in England, when he tried; the i". black man" dodge ; it set : the naughty Protestants of England into a fright ;; but the fright soon passed off. "So," says :his Grace, "My Pastoral .was the- (black man" : but the - Arcbbishop was incapable of seeing that his joke and baby reminiscences were absurd; for the bold Protestants .went up to the " black haan," and knocked it on the head, and found: that it was only a Popish Guy ; and thereupon they, smote the exhibitor of tho black man by taking/ from him Stake- aid ! ; - " His Grace" is very - good. I-Ie does riot think any the less of these naughty children who 1 broke into pieces his " black man." ; ' No : he., thinks;,, them : noble-: hearted people. He flatters them, as in the -main just. ; He even /gives them a; f ew: lollies, with the commendation — " You are wise and>kind and good people.'. You have knocked my black man on the head : you have taken away my State-aid: r but you don't mean any harm : you will yet give me all that I want. . Won't you ? Good people, May your shadow , never. ; grow less ! May the glorious Joseph, the; Patron, of; ; Australia, , bless . you !" .- , . Ah, : the ." black man" is for paughty children : and" the f white man!'— the: lollies— /are ' for gOOd Ones ! . , . . : /;;;; /../vo . This is 'all , by play, however; - It-is the Archbishop: dealing with, ,",his children. In a more; sober spirit he next, gives ;thera xtracts from ; America and other. . places, to, warn them against Public schools; They; are seed plots of immorality." ; To prove; this lie refers to American vviiters who speak of courts, gaols, crimes, and wicked-; ness,, and of .Public schoolsin the. ; .Great, Republic ; -and ; heipresents these, asirthe effect and the. cause ! Wouldjit notihaye been well if , Dr. Yaughan t had -shown the connection? - .Statistics", : .prove ; beyond; all doubt that crime in America .vis chieily. the possession bfi.the /Papists /who hate, Public, schools .and J never, vvere .in them. The same tiling. is seen elsewhere,; even ih Australia. . Poverty,, crime, gaols,- gibbets, asylums, and charitable institu tions are monopolised by Catholics. ; The Public school had no hand in this. In Papal countries — where - Pulilic schools don't exist— crime flourishes ; and yet in those: countries, there is a priest for every- fifty people, arid a nun for every score of and a Church or a shrine for every dozen' families — the Public schools cannot be responsible for such prospeious crime; but in the face of these facts Dr. Yaughan will delude "his children" at Pyrmont with the false statement that the crime of America is the result of the Public school 1 In the ages of faith, when " his Grace " was a boy, the schools used to have for their signboard, ' " (Doniinus illuminatio Med." Much good it did liim ; for the .light is very little which lie got from it. But now, in " his Grace's" manhood, he !sees; w'ritteri'/'up ,;ori "the tablet of every .Public' school, '" Death to the calling of the clergy." Is this another f' black man" to frighten the weak. faithTul? Let the faithful read it;— let them spell it if they can— "Deatli to the .'calling of the clergy." What calling ? - Thtir calling, ' hitherto, in the experience of the faithful, lias been; i " calling for money calling for unceasing obedience : calling ' for blind submission : calling for,! ignorant men to be dictated to by tlie Church ; and calling for votes for every member of Parliament or alder- man; wnom the Linurcli may please to oner jfor'the Catholic vote.". This has been the " calling of. the clergy" referred to! Well : tlie Public school means ' " Death to this 1 calling of the priests." There is no doubt 'about that! 1 , Therefore- it' ' is , rthat ' Dr.1 Yaughan is deeply concerned!' He -feels'ari interest in .the matieK/''Ah'd'nd' wonder! So 'lie stands by liis people' wliile., thby are1; reading the motto on the porch " of the Public schools, and he, wants; to explain to them ; " It means 'persecatibri '; ' and "means death to us your dear pastors ; ; and! it mean's death to the Holy Churclij your mother/ through whom yori hope to' be saved" !- — We ask the people nob to pull off the riibtto on the porch : biit'tp'read it Jagain and to interpret it forHhemselves : ' for ' the motto is good : it ' speaks' the truth : and. from the death referred- to ' they Will'gef life. , ' Again;1 Dri' Yaughan says, " Our pre decessors bore three 1 hundred1 yeiars 1 of; persecution- : and rwe Buffer' still- because; Iwe are unjustly, dealt with;" ' The st'6ry;'6f: the 'predecessors may be judged; of by tbe: .statement of the- injustice' now borne!' He says, "That the Act1 of 1866," that is; the Public "Schools Actj " vvas'a riiiserable compromise"; and that he, Dri' Yaughan;' always opposed it. There'ds not much; persecution, then, in connection' with that'1 Act ! The " conscience " /part" ;;of: the business; especially, is very doubtful1; the people need to be lectured' and driven in order to see that their 'conscience '"is1 oppressed. One thing mentioned is plea sant to us; It appears that the 'Catholic1 people in/New South Wales are tolerable well off ; and that there is " enough money among them for "all! their needs." IP so; why- is it that they don't pay for their paupers and orphans? Every charitable institution in the country is swarming1 with Popish paupers and indigents ; and for not one in ten do they pay1 the'1 piper; Ought not the Treasurer, in the new taxes that are to be levied, remember that the Catholics have plenty of money ? - 1 1 ; As a whole the Pyrmont speech was1 the usual . hash — after the manner of an' Irish stew. : The public are iso far a gainer1 . that the speech reveals that nothing really-' worth while can be said against the Public School. . 'The affectation: of suffering r rind- persecution is mere grimace. ' The Catholic1 people are quite capable of seeing that -if i jit were, not for" the priests (for/their own 'purposes)// the Public School1 would be accepted unanimously. . Mr. . Proctor, in his < astronomical lec- ; tared, only, partially succeeded, in i'conceal- ing his religious feelings .and . views from1 the public. Many of his hearers noticed his careful avoidance . of all mention , of !God. And we, ourselves- .pointed 'out that in bis first lecture, there was a haze over his .sky which., helped to hide his : religious., sentiments. :; He has chosen, ; '.however,: invi his parting.-, moments, /to: -reveal himself. a little more./ And/ what idoeis / the;:!.revelution . amount/ to ? It ; amounts to this, that he has. " rio.God " — i or "a Godcwhicli .cannot be known .and is! not .kno wable ! This reminds - us /of the; , i poet who spoke of. the philosopher of this." j sort as " riiad." 1 ; Mr. Proctor will tell you: . jof the stars/and th'e. pianets, and - comets' : and of -the depths. ; He will tell., iyou of- ; dead worlds -and living : worlds. He will1 | even; tell ;you:.of infinite time and infinite : space,;, but- ;if :yo"u aslc lrim about -the ; Maker of all these, the Governer of alii ! ' these, he will ariswer, " I know nothing " , —arid "nothing can be knowri." . He says ' there is a universal reign of law ; there is eternal evolution of matter ; there is everywhere proof of design; and purnose ; but if you' ask about the; Lawgiver, the Creator, rind the -Designer,1 lie says to you, " You ask what cannot : be answered ; and what is not even conceivable 1" — Such then is the whole that the colony has got by the advent of one of the chief of the scientists of. the present day ! Such is the whole gospel which a master of science is able to preach : and he hinds us all, in our groping after Goc, " Cease from your labour, for your labour is vain.": — Mr. Proctor has not only preached this "gospel of nothing known," but he has proceeded further to say, " if theologians preach any other gospel, they do so in spite of the authority on which they rely What does he mean? Ho means -this That if any minister of religion pretends to say that God is known, or can be known, he says so in spite of the Bible which affirms God cannot be known ! The astronomer now leaves the stars, where he may be at home, and he begins to deal with a plriiner subject, viz!, " What does the Bible, say "? On this subject the plainest man is on a level with Mr. Proctor: and everyone who is able to. read is able to turn to, the Bible and peruse for him self. This, then, is what we, as plain men, therefore, have done ; and we cannot but fee amazed1 that so clever; and great an astronomer, accustomed to look at evi dence, and to wade patiently through thousands of figures, Bhould, prove himself so weak and childish. — For example; Mr. Proctor. say s; God is .not.; known; and- .cannot be known." , , . Ho;- adds that ' the clergyman- who ; says ..the . opposite, and 'affects to know God;- says so in spite of the Bible on'1 which1 lie rests as an authority ",! We ask for the,proof of this sweeping "assertion ; and what does Mr. Proctor rdo? -Why, lie goes to the book of Job, and quotes this passage— " As touch- ing the Almighty we cannot find Him out"! It is inconceivable that Mr- Proctor should exhibit his total unac. quaintance with the Bible by such a quo- tation. If he reads the book of Rature with similar carelessness, " bis theory of the heavens" is not much worth. He does, not see that he has not quoted the Bible - at ;all ! ;: He does not see that .he has produced a passage which no clergyman in the world, accepts as an authority.- /Nay,he does not see that he has mistaken the words of a man like himself— a hasty, and imperfectly in- structed philosopher, for, tho. truth of the Bible, and landed - himself therefore in gross blundering ! If Mr. Proctor had noticed that it , was a man named Elihu who spoke these words, and spoke them in a sense the very oppo site of that for which Mr. Proctor quotes them, he would not have rashly exposed himself by the quotation. ;If he- had done Elihu justice, he would have added the rest of the quotation to see the meaning! : for/ Elihu adds what Mr. Proctor evidently denies — " He the Almighty, is known thus far, he is excellent in power, and in might, and in plenty of justice : he will not afflict : men do therefore fear Him ; he respecteth not any that are wise in heart." . And, still further, if Mr. Proctor had intended to do the Bible, and those who rely on the Bible, /justice", lie would have given what the Bible . itself does say, that Elihu in his speech was " darkening counsel by words ill considered." In all this Mr. Proctor has followed the" example of all one- sided philosophers. The Bible is not honestly studied -and quoted. A scrap here and there may be taken out for a purpose ; ibiit it is never honestly dealt with; for. the teaching of the Bible is. emphati- cally this, that while the infinite God cannot be found out to perfection by the finite mind of man." - Yet "lie may ; be, and is so far known as to be regarded as the object of man's love and trust. Mr. Proctor but repeats the blunder of Elihu when he pretends, on the- ground of science, that 'He who "cannot be found out to perfection"— cannot be found out at all. " He darkens counsel with words without knowledge" : Though time is infinite,: do wb: not deal with lime? Though space is infinite, have we not a great deal to do with space ? Even Mr. Proctor knows the difference between the space of' the School' of Arts and that of the Theatre. He knows also - the differ ence between- a Sunday evening / and any ;- other evening in. the; week; as a proof that- he knows 'something about time. Well, could anything be more unscientific and unphilosophical than the assertion that because God is infinite, ' therefore we may, not so; far 'know Him, and find Him out, in His dealings with us and in His character as connected with us ? Of all ' scientific folly and/ philoso phical nonsense, surely this is the most arrogant and absurd, but the infinite mind has not, may not, could not so far reveal Himself to the consciousness and intelli gence of man— His own creature — as that man could know Him, converse with Him, love Him and trust Him as his Father and Friend. — The Bible has no need to fear Mr. Proctor. His gospel will never supersede that of tho Bible. The Bible gives us grand lessons about the greatness of God; but the grandeur is none the less when it tells us about His care for sparrows and the hairs of our head. There is no scientific truth more sure than that God is as great in the small as He is in the vast; in the region of mind as He is in that of matter ; and that the revelation which the Bible gives us of TTia nature and character is as glorious and worthy of Him as the revelation which the telescope has given. The "Witnoss-Eutliorlanl Quostioa-— Last week we gave our finale on the Witness- Sutherland question ; and we intend to adhere to it ; as to have a controversy, either " small " or big, with Mr. Sutherland never can end in anything but a logomachy. His ability to chauge front, and raise side issues, is as remark able as his inability to keep the question at issue in view.' In bis last there are about a dozen of these side issues, which greatly tempt us to forget our finale ; but we know that to demolish them would only be to give place to another dozen. We shall not be tempted. Yet there isone thing which we must notice as exhibiting the peculiar character of the editor of the Witness. Of course, in alluding to it, we shall bo accused of " referring to denominational matters in columns which claim to be free from denomi- natioualism." To hold up Dr. M 'Gibbon to ridicule, as " this very Dr. M'Gibbon,". because he has said of the Presbyteriantism of Mr. Sutherland's Church, .that it's "sectarian Presbyterianism is that of the narrowest and most bitter kind," Mr. Sutherland first distorts this into the charge; that his "Church is most narrov) and most bitter and then ho tells " Methodists, Episcopalians, and Baptists," will it be a matter of surprise to you to learn that this Church which is now stigmatized as most narrow and bitter, was a few months ago solicited to give her hand to Dr. M'Gibbon as a prime mover in an overture for union. If so narrow and so bitter, surely she was not the one to be sought after, nor should her hand bo prized, But having declined her hand to this very Dr. M'Gibbon, she is now most narrow and most bitter !" — Now we quote this as a specimen of Mr. Sutherland's peculiar capacity to make a controversy interminable, and to twist every thing to hia own piirposo. The matter of the "overture of union " has nothing to do with the dispute in hand ; and it3 discussion just now is an unfairness to the parties concerned. It would, therefore, be sufficient for Dr. M'Gibbon to say just, now that the statement, as made by Mr. Sutherland, is a gross misrepresentation of the whole matter ; and that the supposed sting in it recoils on Mr. Sutherland as the one chief y responsible for the failure of the overture referred to. — Dr. M'Gibbon has always held in the highest personal esteem several of the ministers (who need not here bo named), of the Free Church Synod, as well aB several of tho lay men of that body. His respect for example, for the late Revs. W. Mclntyre and Jas. McCulloch, amounted to a feeling of sincere love, as both were men of the highest worth and character ; hut, ,nevertheless, Dr. M'Gibbon has always held that the "Presbyterianism of the so-called Free Church is of the most narrow and hitter kind." It has especially been so ever since Mr. Sutherland came to the colony to Btand at the head of it. But when Pastor Chiniquy camo and informed Dr. M'Gibbon that there was a better spirit prevailing, and that it would bo a good thing to attempt negotiations, with a view to union, Dr. M'Gibbon very readily embraced the supposed favourable opportunity. Accordingly, he moved in the Union Assembly that a committee he ap pointed to approaoli the Synod called the "Free Church," "to seek conference with a committee of that Church as to the grounds which keep tho two Churches separate." The Episco- palians, Mothodists, aud Baptists, who are asked to ridicule " this very Dr. M'Gibbon," will now bob what the " overture for union pro posed." It wished to know exactly the grounds of separation — It wished to discuss those' grounds — It wished to see whether or not they could not be reduced, removed, or arranged. The enquiry was a incro preliminary : and it wanted to ascertain whether or not tho differences subsisting were a sufficient warrant for a separation of the two Churches. How then did the Synod of that Church, leel on by Mr. Sutherland, meet this proposal to confer, and this overture for union V Why, it declined even to meet the Union Committee' of the other Church ; and, chiefly by Mr. Sutherland's . in fluence, it contented itself with a minute, in effect saying, that there was no prospect of, union, aud that they, the Free Church, thought it better, on the ground of worship and Congre gational entertainments, and the relation of the Churches here to the Churches in Scotland, to stand alono. This was the way in which the sly maid re fused to give "her hand to this very Dr. M'Gibbon." This was the way in which the pure Seventeen-year-old reserved lvur affections. She would not sco her suitor. So modest was she that she would not allow him to enter her undefiled pre sence ! — It was manifest that Pastor Chiniquy had not understood the real nature of the ease. It Was then seen that the " Presbyterianism of tl't so-called Free Church was as narrow and hitter " Mover. Mr. Sutherland got a letter from Dr. M'Gibbon to the effect, that had it been known that the " overture for union would have been so met. it would never have been considered." — Now is seen tbo irrevelaut matter which Mr. Sutherland has pressed into his service, to help ms present discussion. Dr. M'Gibbon is not ashamed of what lie did to sec if a union was practicable ; but when he found that the Presbyterianism " of the Sutherland followers was as 1 'narrow and bitter " as ever, it was no dis appointed lover's complaint to repeat in another connection, that the "Presbyterianism of that Church was of the most narrow and bitter kind." Dr. M'Gibbfin, no doubt, apologises for having for a moment supposed, under tlic kind imaginings of Pastor Chiniquy, that that "Presby terianism" had improved ! Tho Episcopalians and others will now see that Mr. Sutherland has a knack of " perverting " — which is quite peculiar. He further illustrates his knack of perverting the one word " stuff. ' If we had said trash, we should have been nearer the mark ; for stuff may be " good stuff." We were not referring to tho admitted principles of the Church, but to the rubbish, called arguments, in a lecture at Cam- perriown, on "Scriptural worship," which amounted to this, that the worship of three- fourths of the ' Churches of Christendom is not Scriptural, because they use instruments and sing hymns! Mr. Sutherland, however, illustrates how poor tho stuff is, when he adds that his Presbyterianism is "historical," because forty years old, andtliat he sings "tho Psalms of David, the paraphrases, and five hymns!" There was a time when there were no para phrases aud no five hymns ! Mr. Sutherland will stickle about five or fifty, and quote Scripture to show that fifty must be tin- scriptural, bnt that five are divine ! — After this specimen of irrelevant huckstering, we shall give Mr. Sutherland the wide berth of the whole field to himself. " Orangemen are not children and the lodges are quite competent to under stand the question which has been submitted to them, viz. : Whether or no t denomioationalism will not be a ruin to them if they open the doors of their meetings to it. We warn the lodges not to be imposed upon. Perish the money, if it be thought to bo a question of money ; but in a question of principle there must be no softness, because " charity " is supposed to involved in it. The "Evening News" Case.— As ap pointed the case of the Judges against the Evening News came on for hearing on Monday and Tuesday last. After long aud persevering arguments by Messrs. Stephen and Darley, the court adjourned thoir decision for .a week. But it became manifest as the Bench and Bar held their alternate discussion, that the affair is most unfortuuate. The article was an outrage— admitted by the barristers to be a libel; but the difficulty is for the bench to hear the case and punish. The Evening News people deny that they intended to impute corruption or partiality amounting to this, to tho judge, Mr. Windsyer ; but- the bench evidently refused to believe - the disclaimer. The two days' argument did not throw much light on the subject; the difficulty remains; and the plan suggested, to drop the whole matter, did not seem clear. The qualified apology was" equally un acceptable. How the case will now end cannot , bo told ; but the mischief is : done, whether tho motive was revenge or partizanship. We will yieid to none in our desire that tho Press should be untrammelled, Wo have asserted the right aud suffered for the- assertion by law costs; and therefore wo cannot he supposed to have any sympathy with those who would seek ' to crush ; or cripple the Press. Judges must be subject to ctitioism as well as the people ; but if the position of the judges puts them out of the way of proaeouting libellers, or of proving their innocence, so much the more should criticism of their actB be considerate and cautious, No doubt judges may refuse to notice libellers, as ladies do when they are insulted; but this should secure for judges aud ladies that it should be deemed a crime to wantonly attack them. Sunday Desecration-— The finale of Mr. Proctor's performances very suitably is connected with theatres and Sunday lawbreaking. Several attempts ham recently been made to break down our Sunday law, and to a certain extent the attempt has succeeded. We think tho authorities are lax in enforcing the law. But Mr. Proctor on behalf of the Theatre managers, probably in arrangement with Mr. Charles Bright, has come forward boldly to challenge the authorities and to defy the law. His bill as published for Sunday evening, is a regular, usual theatrical bill ; and the prices fixed for boxes, pit, and circle. We have called the attention of the. Government and Attorney-General to the matter. If this case be allowed to pass, it will be impossible to enforce the law in the case of others. We do not object to the lecture on Sunday evening or any other ovening, but Mr. Proctor and hi theatrical friends know quite well that to give such entertainments, for admission to which mouey is taken, is a violation of tho law. Mr. Prootor is supposed to bo a friend of law, and to hold- tie principle that law lessness is wrong ; but here there is no respect for law, and one which, whatever may bo said of his own ease, is a salutary law for the morals of the country. We doubt not that the Government will bo asked not to interfere. It will be said that the admission is by ticket, but that is a mere evasion. It will be said, that tho subject is good and harmless. That also is a mere evasion. If the subject be good, throw the doors open and take up a collection. ' But' astronomers and theatricals know what tickets mean. We appeal to the authorities to do their duty aud maintain the law. Or. U. 0. 0.) 'Wavsrley. — An entertainment was given on behalf of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows, Waverlcy, on Tuesday evening, August 17 th, in St. Mary's schoolroom, Waverley. Mr. W. Thomas opened the evening's programme with a few remarks on courtship and matrimony, which were intended for tho young ladies and gentlemen of the assembly. Mr. Thomas wos assisted by several ladies land gentlemen, who rendered suitable songs and recitations bearing on the subject of courtship. Mr. James Howe acted as pianist. The audience numbered some 150, and expressed their satisfaction of the evening's entertainment by. repeated applause. It was Drought to a close shortly before 10 o'clock by the singing of the National Anthem. The Catholic Vote. — The first of a series of instructions lias been delivered by Freeman to the Catholics as to how they are to vote : and he begins by saying that the Catholic vote never was better organized than now ; and that, there fore, "every Catholic is to beware of every candi date who is under the influence of organizations." This rather contradictory wisdom is understood by the Catholic voters. Tho Irish are accus tomed to enigmas. When a priest or a Freeman says, " Boys, don't vote for Mr. So-and-So," th boys know quite well to go and vote for him ; and when, on the other hand, the priest says, "Now, boys, live in peace and show the good ness of your religion," those wonderful boys know that what is meant is, "that they should kick up a row." So here, when Freeman tells us that the Catholics are to have an organiza tion, and are to act patriotically under the orders of that organization, and yet they aro to vote for men who are "independent of all organiza tions, " the meaningis clear that organization of the Catholic vote is a good ; but that if any other body shall organize, the Catholics aro to object to " all organizations " as opposed to liberty! Our friends, of course, will understand the mystery as easily a3 half-a-dozen simpering young ladies see how plain is the game of the "fifteen puzzle." The Catholics aro to vote for "Catholic organization candidates; but they were to vote against the candidates of all other organizations as tending to bring the question' before tho country into confusion !" Quite so, Tho question before the country is, " Whether tho Parliament or the Church is to be Bupreme !" Whether " the law or the will of Dr. Vaugban is to be the higher authority ?" If this fact be kept in mind, tho course of duty will bo very plain. The very fact of a Catholic organization is a danger to the count.-y. It is an organization on different terms of every other organization whatever. All other organizations are tho com binations of free men, who are their own masters ; but the organization of Papists is an uncompromising tyranny ; for tho poor members of the said organization are bound to do as they are bidden, an-i if tbey will not act patriotically, as they are told, they are deemed as turncoats and despised as apostates. Tlio Prootor NegatiVOS.— Now that the lectures of the astronomer Proctor are com pleted, wo should like to know what they have amounted to ? We should like to know to what they have tended ? Mr. Tyerman claims them to be in hiB favour ; and Mr. Bright has shone all the more brightly since he haa known that Mr. Proctor spent his Sunday evenings in his freethought meetings. But, these two gentlemen aside, whose efforts are so purely for the sake of a living that some of their friends count upon, their "takings," tho question returns, What has been the result of tho Proctor lectures, in their tendency to solve the problem of human life, and to answer the desires of the human, soul in its.longings after-God ? We think that the answer is very plain.. Their influence has been If there has been any positive in- fluence, it has been in the direction of " cease to ask after the Almighty, as you cannot know Him." The facts of astronomy have been head perplcxers ; but all about the character,, nature, will, and law of tho Maker, of tho stars, Mr. Proctor has told the public nothing ; and he lias encouraged the public to cease from asking — "for," says ho, "as touching tho Almighty you can know nothing." " ProODiaa " Merry- — It appears that Free man, jealously watching other "organizations" that are likely to be in conflict with his own, has heard that there ha3 been an Orange meet- iug. It was a preliminary one, and, to a certain extent, an informal one ; bnt Freeman bas heard ef it, and of certain nameB that were named as likely to be submitted to the public at the next general election. The names have amused him, and he has had his fun. Tho Grand Master having explained that Freeman's fun is prematuro, Freeman answers that the denial of the Grand Master is not "generally accepted." That is a sort of polite way of saying that he is stating what is untrue : but it is true never theless ; only the truth spoils Freeman's fun. What tickled the Papal writer too is that some of the names referred to don't stand very high in Papal estimation. He says that the gentle men who own those names cannot read Plato, and have ' no acquaintance with iEschyluB ! 'I herefore they are not fit to be proposed at the general election, and especially are not deserving of the support of the Catholic vote ! ' Who would' not laugh at that ? The holders of the Catholic vote are all well instructed and scholarly men ! They all come from the groves of tho academies and especially from tho shades of the Roman classic ground of St. Hilda! All the Papal candidates are philosophers who have Plato at their finger ends ; all of them excel Cicero in elo quence, and as for the Edipus Tyrannus of Sophocle3, they know its depths before they could speak ! All the Corporation men and other such enlightened mombersof the "Catholic vote " are going to put through " their facings " all the candidates, that they may support nono but scholars and cabmen and barrowmen ! The Orangemen will, no doubt, offer a few men to. the public : and they will , be ;yery insignificant indeed if they are not able to equal the bright lights of tho Church — the Hurleys, the Ryaus, the Brownes, and the O'Connors — that hitherto have been studying Plato and iEschylus. OalYin'S Ghost. — A friend, much amused at tho weakness of the paragraph ' writer of the Weekly Advocate, in his terror at _ Calvin's ghost, has suggested to us how the fright and the consequent paragraph occurred. We did not see it at first ; but we think the explanation very probable. Tho Witness and the Weekly Advocate divide an office between them. The one door opens into tho sanctum of Armenius and tho Armenian theology ; and tbo other door opposite ope is into the Calvinistie sanctum, whereJohnKnox andall suchlike Anti-armcniaiiB store their theology. The ghost, at night, when tho two editors are in deep meditation, preparing their leaders and paragraphs, comes to see his Calvinistie friend. He sometimes mistakes the door, and taps mysteriously, as spirits do, at the door of the Advocate. The paragraph writer does not believe in meeting ghosts. Armenius' ghest never troubles him : bnt he is very much troubled, nevertheless, by the midnight tappings. He has risen to ask, " Who's there ?" — and he has seen nobody ! His flesh has crcepcd. His hair has stood on end. On one occasion, how ever, he heard a muffled souud, saying, " Cal vin !" Dreadful was the sensation. His senses have been affected ever since. So, when mid night tappings begin to disturb him, with con vulsive effort he cries out, "Next door, next door !" So much accustomed is he to this now, that if a friend, like the Protestant Standard, comes to asu for his health, and taps at the door, he mistakes everybody for the Calvin ghost, and does nothing for a while but cry out, with real anxiety, ' ' Next door, next door 1 " But wo object to bo sont next door. With the shop opposite we have no concern. Wo are rot anybody's ghost. Wo are not a gliost at all — for wo have flesh and hlood ; and, when we call on the Advocate, we decline to bo dealt with in ghostly fashion !— Our friend who has suggested the explanation is ingenious ; it accounts for the fact that the keyhole of Armenius' office is kept carefully stopped up ! Buxloy OH Priests. — The great professor, Huxley, has been saying, that priests are " trained to know their business and to do it." This is accepted by Papal papers as com mendation. So much is it valued as a testamur to the efficiency of Papal, teaching, that our Sydney Papal organs have joyously copied it for the benefit of the faithful. It is surprising how delighted the Papists are with tho certifi cate. Huxloj' is in every thing else held up to ridicule by them ; but if he flatters priestB, then his words are true, and his opinion is worthy to ho printed in gold ! But how does Huxley favor the training of priests ? Thus : ho says — " You must have great difficulty in accepting your fables, and your legends, and your nostrums in consequence of the advanced state of scienco." "Not at all," answer the priests : " Our Church has lasted many ages and passed through many Btorms ; and we don't care two farthings for your science. Our faith rests on authority ; and whether the sun moves round tho earth, or the earth moves round tho sun does not concern us in the leaBt, so long aB it serves our purpose. Our professors explain everything to us, and' show us that we are to believe and do what the Church teaches, if the world should go to pot. The heresies of the present day are old heresies ; and we know how - to dispote of them — by saying, ' I believe what he Church believes.' " An organization which meets its enemies in this way pleases Professor Huxley ; and he writes that all ecclesiastical organizations, should act in thiB way. Why ? because the Professor would then know how . to deal with them : not to meet them with facts : but to regard them as outside the pale of reasoning I We quite agree with the Professor. No need of argument in such a ease. Pamphlets. — Received " G. M. Stephen and his Marvellous Cures" and "Satan and the the Sword." Tho latter expatiates on the sin fulness of war, which is not likely to affect us in New South Wales ; while the former attributes, ; without any attempt at. proof, Mr. . Stephen's cures to the agency of disembodied spirits. The author, Mr. Harold Stephen, says, one of the chief lessons taught by tho spirits is to avoid believing anything without proof. An excellent ' lesson which spiritists specially need. Orangeism in Goulburn.—We have seen another letter of the Scotchman, Lorimer, who proposes to beat down, uproot, or other- wise destroy the Orange tree in Goulburn; and we feel more convinced than before that the said Lorimer is the ex-tobacconist that used to be well known in Sydney He refers to the Protestant Standard in a way which recalls a time when he would very gladly have accepted its help, pecuniary or otherwise. It was perhaps the time of his first love with Rome. Some woman must be in the business. There must have been some priestly confessing, some priestly matrimony; some paper promises about children, some con- sequent reconciliation of the Scotchman who "is at home everywhere" to holy Church. We know the usual zeal of perverts. They need to give proof of conversion and zeal. Philip D. Lorimer threatens to reveal all about Orangeism, because he has abandoned the Order with a falsehood in his mouth. May not one falsehood be told to help another? But when he is revealing ought he not to make a clean breast of everything else? The Orange- men who goes over to Rome, and, as a Romanist, threatens to reaveal Orangeism, is merely a Scotchman who is at home anywhere! When he goes to purgatory, without benefit of clergy, he will be at home there also! At Quoanlteyan— We notice an amusing instance of country editorship at Queanbuyan. The Queanbeyan Times has taken offence at the Queanbeyan Age, and especially it is angry with a Mr. Weatherstoue, who. has withdrawn from the Times and gone to the Age. The man of the Times thereupon attacks the man of the Ae, and "especially Mr. Weatherstono, as unworthy of credit. The man of the Times says that Mr. Weatherstono got somebody to write a letter for him, as lio is "not able of himself to write two lines correctly " ; and, to illustrate his own power of " writing two lines correctly," he says " Is not such language rich, coming from such a .person as yourself who is not capable," &e.; '.'Such language emanating from a man that ordered a coffin and shroud for his son before he was dead, and wo are pleased ' to be in a position to say does not require the like and hope he shall not do so for many years to come." These are original speci mens of ability to write two lines correctly! It is marvellous what ability exists among our country editors ! Well ; may tho critic exclaim, "Ah, Wcatberstoue, yourfauh, we are afraid, will never shake the world." The fear is well founded, and if the world be shaken by the faith of the Queanbegan Times, what will become of the editor thereof ? He may be seen some day on his way to Proctor's cape in Saturn ! 