OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Siiakksperk. Theatre Royal. After the extraordinary and successful run of six weeks, " Friends " so excellently played by Lyster and Garner's London Comedy Company, was withdrawn to make room for Byron's " Blow for Blow.' The patronage of the public was as liberally accorded during its closing days as at the commencement, and the fun wnicn Markham caused only seemed to act as an appetiser. Doubtless, the finished style of acting of which Mr. Warde is so excellent an exponent, was a prime agent in the conquest over the Sydney public that was achieved. "Blow for Blow" contains a very great deal more plot, and allows far greater scope than the artists were afforded in " Friends." In the prologue, we are introduced to a Melbourne actor, Mr. Farren, who played the part of the embarassed Portsmouth lawyer with considerable skill and realistic effect. The role of his lovely and accomplished daughter wa« accorded to Miss Blanche Stammers, and, of course she was equal to the occasion. Kittie Wobbler the maid, was played with verve by Miss Annie Taylor, but the acting was reserved for Mr. Warde as Drummond, who should have been the confidential clerk, and Mr. Marshall as Charley Spragge, who either did "polish up the handle of the big front door," or " served all the writs so carefully and when not so employed, developed a taste for the noble art of self-defence by carefully reading the accounts of the mills in the various sporting papers. Mr. Marshall was better as the partially developed clerk than when, later in the play, he blossomed into an imitation of a hard- riding English country squire. But, then, the audience will laugh at him, let him say or do what he may, appa rently considering it the correct course to pursue. Mr. Frank Cates, as the bank manager, was a greater success than we could have expected the "seraph" from "Friends" to have become, proving thereby that he has some of that histrionic ability which rises superior to circumstances. As Sir Harry Linden, five years later, in the play, Mr. Garner was the identical gentleman that we met in "Friends," and Mr. Shepherd, as Dr. Grace, was a pronounced success. Nothing could have been better than the | late " confidential clerk," as the dissipated villain who comes to give blow for the blow he received from Sir Harry Linden whilst a lieu tenant. Mr. Warde, although his individuality is very marked, can surrender it as the exigencies of his part may require. To Miss Stammers was allotted the dual part in the play of Alice Petherick and Lady Linden, and the exceedingly able manner in which she undertook both was a pleasing contrast to the impersonations we have seen in " East Lynne." Miss Wobbler was capital as a milliner, and Mrs. Marion Stammers was the motherly lodging-house keeper to perfection. The wit and satire in the play is not so delicate as that which so charmed the audience in "Friends," but it has been very much enjoyed by large and discriminating houses. Victoria Theatre. On Friday night Mr. Fairclough took his benefit at the Victoria Theatre, and Hamlet was placed on the boards, in a manner that should satisfy the most critical. All players of reputation have a Hamlet, which is their own conception, and of that of Mr. Fairclough we may fairly say that it may be equalled, but will very rarely be ex celled. With Mr. Vincent as the Ghost, Mr. Douglas as Laertes, M r. Hall as First Gravedigger, and Miss Kemble as Ophelia, he was well played up to ; and Shakesperian students, of whom there are some in Sydney, could combine amusement with a sort of fascinating instruction, as they looked at the impersonations introduced. On Saturday Mr. Bland Holt's " New Babylon " was produced. Truly of this play the remark may fitly be used that it is a mighty effort. It is big enough with events and with spectacular effects for three or four ordinary comedies. In the prologue the scene of the sinking steamer, the enormous vessel which collided with her, the boats, the drowning men and women, and the rescue, are so real as to convey a clearer idea of the awful confusion and the dreadful scenes that occur at a catastrophe on sea than anything short of a personal experience can do. The acting in the prologue, too, was very good. Mr. Bland Holt was the cool and imperturbable Yankee, with a real American joke for every occasion, and Mr. Tolano as a ' heathen Chinee " distinguished himself. As a delineator of a first-rate rascal, Mr. Vincent, as Raimez, could hardly be ex celled ; and whether as the Portuguese, as McDonald, or as Smith, he was equally in place and in character. As Ezra Lazareck, Mr. J. L. Hall was so well made up and so thoroughly at home in character as to deceive even his nearest acquaintances. In the very difficult characters of Eunice and Bell Jaconen, Miss Kemble displayed talent of a high order. Miss Laura Wiseman, Miss Lena Edwin, and Miss Tilly Lake did well, but in so large a piece it is impossible to indi vidualize as fully as might otherwise be desirable. Miss Julia Merton, as the ' ' outcast " was undoubtedly the sensational character, and Mr. Whyte as Mallby with his confidential clerk, sustained their characters evenly and well. A large audience will go again and again to see the wonderful spectacular effects produced, in the mazy Cremorne dance, interrupted by occasional fracas, the sale at Tattersall's, with real horses, and the race for the Goodwood Cup, with all the revelations that there are behind the scenes, in fact, life both at the races and in the Gardens, the fame of which has spread pretty nearly all over the civilized world. The production of " New Babylon " has been a very great effort, and it is satisfactory to add, also a triumphant one. The Queen's Theatre. At this Theatre Mr. Dampier, and his excellent company have been drawing very good houses. The play, "It is never too Late to Mend " has been continued night after night, and people who have been again and again to see it invariably come away with the conviction that they have discovered some new source of attraction which hitherto had escaped their observation. The scenes as produced, are so real that they never appear to tire. On Saturday evening the progr,. ,me will be changed, when Mr Hegarty will take a benefit, and "Belphegor; or, the Mountebank," with "Black Eyed Susan" will be produced. A novel feature will be the gift, during one of the intervals, of a valuable allotment of land to some fortunate member of the audience. Mr. Hegarty should have a bumper house. The School of Arts. After a prolonged absence, Mr. Rainer has returned with his world-known diorama of the American War. This series of paintings has been shown during the week at the School of Arts to large and appreciative audiences, who frequently expressed their approval of the scenes depicted, by loud and vigorous applause. The panorama has continued to draw exceedingly well, and a season of prosperity may safely be predicted for it during its stay. The gifts, distributed nightly, are a great attration. 