BROTHER ANTONIO. (From Scribner1! Magaàiw:) I IN aomo forgotten ruler's reign, There stood an abbey in priest-ruled Spain, Tenanted by the jolliest friars ' That eyer drank from a .wassail-bowl,. . Or ate good dinners beside good fires, Or prayed tho BUIS from a dead man's soul. They had good cellars of raro old wino ; They ate and slept on a generous plan ; Had woll-stooked larders and viands fine, . And all that comforts tho natural man. They led a sordid, luxurious life And waged with Satan no ghostly strife ; Never, I wot, their fat knees wore Prayerful dints in tho cold stone floor. All tho brethren wore past their youth ¡] All bore traeos of deep excess ¡ And all had grown, in thoir search forjtruth, Rivals in pious paunchiness. But blowsier, broader than all the rest, Brother Antonio stood confesaod, Rosy of visage, and short of wind, As merry a monk as over sinnod ; . With prominent stomaoh and double chin,' . And mouth to empty a wine-oask in ; Plump of body and round of limb You would have said, had you looked at him, Some cherub' of Hubens (himself no saints A glutton in oolour-a sot in paint) Tempted by goodies, tho greedy olf, Had lcapod from tho canvas and dressed hiniKolf. How it happonod and what befell, None of tho friars would over tell ; . But Brother Antonio, hardened long . In sinful surfeit and selfish wrong, Mudo all tho brotherhood stand aghast By setting boldly aside at last Evon tho Icoso elastio role Of their indulgent and sordid school. No look of pity their features wore Only a atora judicial gloom Whou they assembled in solemn state, In the deep-embrasured council-room, To prove his guilt and pronounce his fate Prom volumes of old monastio lore ; Grimly tho gravest read his doom To cease from among thom forevermore. Thoy could not redden their hands with goro ; So as tho quickest and cloonest way Of hiding his error forevermore, They exiled him far from the light of day Doomed him for lifo to that dismal place, Tho crypt, whoro thoir sainted brethren lay, To pay tho price of his dire disgrace And whilo ho prayed thom, with pallid faoe, To lift his sontenco and shrive his sin, Thoy opened a tomb in tho wall's thick stones, And, shoving tho former inoumbent's bones In vain he struggled against thoir might In mortal anguish of soul and brain. Thoy settled tho ponderous blocks aright. Cementing them iirmly in placo again, And sealed him up in his hying grave With never a friend to shrive or save ; Leaving him there in tho dreary tomb With a gourd of water, and standing room. (Ho should not perish, they said, of thirst, They -would let him starve or stifle first.) Buried alive. ! Abhorrent doom ! How ho struggled and cursed his fate I -1 Loft alone in that ghastly tomb. With horrible fungi and musty murk, And nothing to do but -watch and wait For slow starvation to do its work 1 ? Buried alivo 1 and his soft, white hands Dug and scraped at tho stubborn stones, And ho shrieked entreaties and vain com mands, And vexed the silence with threats and groans. The vicious skeleton elbowed him, And when ho shrunk from its noisome touch, It seemed to follow, with purpose grim And grip his throat with a stifling clutch, Till his starting eyo-baUs almost saw Itshorriblo head and fleshless jaw In luminous outline boro and stark Against tho solid and crowding dark. Tho sight would a stouter heart appall, And Brother Antonio crouched and shrunk, And pressed his face to tho rough stone wall In deadly fear of the skeleton monk. It happened that on tho other aldo Of tho oatacombed wall so thick and wide, Another houseful of holy men, Quito removed from their neighbours ken, Knowing nought of their neighbours deed». Scourged the flesh for tho spirit's good, Sung their malinu and told thoir beads, A happy and prosperous brotherhood. Much did thoso excollont brothors grieve That none among them -waa quito u saint, And morn and midnight and noon and eva, Thoy prayed with humble and heart-felt plaint That ono of thoir order, gone before, Would delg^n to visit the-earth once mora And bo thou: teacher to help and Bavo Into a corner, they pushed him in. Musing on thia and many more Similar subjects of ghostly lore, One evening Brother Filippo took His frugal taper and missal-book, And stole away by tho turret stair ¡ For a secret season of silent prayer ; But he bethought bim before he wentj Into his cell's chill banishment, Of a cobwebbed flagon rare and old A famous vintage which long ago He had hidden away in the dust and mould Of the dim and shadowy crypt below. Little he cared for spectres grim With glaring eye-boles and hollow breast Never a ghost had troubled bim ; And ho followed fearless his secret quest Where, far from the wholesome light of day, His predecessors wore laid away So long ago that they pavod tho stones With a basso-relievo of mouldy bones, And as ho quietly pioked his way Over his sainted brethren's clay (Or, stating it moro correoüy, lime), And mused on the changes of life and time, To his pondering soul it must havo seemed, While the flickering flare of his taper gloomed On mortal relics and mildewed stones, That the one fixed fact in the world was bones. There wero bones inn many and quaint designs ; In rows and pyramids, squares and lines, Curves and angles and wings and lyres, Droll wheel-patterns with skulls for hubs, Ribs for felloes and spines for tyres ; Cheerful fancies of hearts and clubs (Theso in honour of long past games When theso relics wore Bkins and namos) ; Bonos in triplots nnd bones in pairs, Arcs and circles, rosettes and squares Bones in overy position placed, Bones ou tho roost abounding plan Never so vast a number graced The happiest dream of a medical man. And skulls ; they mot bim on every side, Spectral and grissly and vacant-eyed ; Skulls above him, around, beneath, In overy possible stago of teeth ; Some had regular rows of pearls, Somo wero fanged Uko a savage beast, Wbilo somo had cuspids like fair young girls' White as rioe-grains ; and there waa one Uncommonly old and holy priest, With tooth worn lovel by life's long feast, And a calm expression of work well dono. But Brother Filippo faced tho throng Fearless, and mused, as ho stole along, How strongo when life is alert and glad, And death is dreary, and cold and dull, That living faces aro mostly sad, And nothing grins like a doad man's skull ! Hark 1 The friar turned with a nervous start And a sudden plunge of his shrinking heart. From his jocund nose and his rosy jowl Ebbed in a moment tho rich red blood, And terror struck to bis inmost soul, Aa thud-thud-thud-thud Came four dulled sounds from a walled-up \- tomb, Smiting his sense like the strokes of doom. His very skull-cap shrunk appalled ; Doubtless his hair would have risen straight Except that his head was shiny bald Bold as a biscuit by timo or fate ; Froze his-heart with a deathly chill ; Died on his lips tho mumbled prayor. ? His jaw dropped wide and his pulsó stood still With a sudden and awful sense of soare, And down on the damp unfriendly ground He dropped in a deep and breathless swound. Whether the touoh of dead mon's bones, Or tho solid whack on tho oruel stones Restored his senses, ho rallied soon, And with many a tumble, wrench, and sprain- '. His haste and terror contemning p ain (His light was out, and thcro shone no moon) He sorambled and struggled, bruised and lame, Back by the crooked way ho came,-? The winding vault and tho stoop stonie stair Loading to life and light and air, Losing ail he could leave behind, Taper, and sandals, and presence of mond. ' The brothers gathered with spade and joiok And something of nervous dread, withed And lifting the cobwebs dense and thick, Thoy pried a stone from the massive wall, And lo 1 in answer to all their quoat, Polo with fasting, with terror faint, His white hands folded across his breast,_ He stood discovered-their prayed- for saint ! Whatever had been Antonio's crime, He waa always cunning, old or young, And ho saw that this was a proper time To cast up his eyes and hold his tongue They lifted him gently with many prayer«, This now-fledged saint, from his stone cocoon ; They carried him tondorly up tho Btoirs With faces of awe-struck joy-and soon They made him splondid with górmente bravo, Warmed him with cordials rich and strong', And sculptured archos and stately nave Sent baok tho strains of their welcome-song. Sobered by danger and fear and grief, For ovon friars from those may learn, Brother Antonio vowed to turn Over a brand-now moral leal. To bo devoted, sincere, and good, And livo as a godly friar should. Ho prayed and studied and fasted mach ; The f arno of his saintehip circled wide ; Tho siok wore brought for his healing touoh From tho furthest bound of tho countryside ; The simple peasantry far and near Held him holy ; and young and old Sought his counsel with faith sincere, And, stinting their stomachs of noeded broad, Bought his blessing for so much gold, And half believed he could raise the dead. Bur. sudden conversions seldom last ; And ero a year of his saintship passed-, In spite of vigils and prayers galore, Brother Antonio fell once more Heavior, harder, deeper, lower, Farther and worse than he did before. And the sorrowing brethren, shocked and grieved, i To find how sore they had been deceived, Looked upon him as ono accursed No saint, Dut a doubly sinful man ; And remembering how they had found him first, Could think of no surer OJ: bettor plan, To cleanse their skirts of this dismal stain, Than to put him baok in his hole again. So, after Vospors, they took him down^ Whero the broken tomb -was gaping vride ; Tho resident skeleton, tall and brown, And tho ompty water-gourd still inside (The stone had never since boen replaced) ; And they clad him again in his mildewed gown, With tho hempen ropa's-end about the waist, Tho samo that when ho arrived ho wore, And plastered him as he was boforo, With his marrowlcss enemy, stork and grim, And tho ravenous rats to companion him. Meantime tho brothors who doomed him first Had seldom mentioned bis awful futo ; His naaio among them had been accursed And rarely heard in his former home. Only genial Brother Joromo Misson and mourned for his buriod mate. It happened on tho same spring day When the guilty monk, for tho second time, Had boon m the eataoomb sealed away To expiate and repent his crime, . Gentle Brother Jerome had died, i Having pined and pined /¡tinca tile leaves turned brown ; And now, as tho moon bogan to risa And scatter the light from her silver crown Over'the dewy world outside, His brethren gathered to bear him down And lay him away to skeletonise. Under the altar,-the .usual way, Chill and silent, tho dead monk lay ; The flickering taper's light revealed His dark-fringed lids in their death-sleep sealed, The marble brows with their classic, line, The thin, high nose and the nostril fine, And tho lips that never would open more In aves, paters, or holy hymns ; And the coarse groy garment he alway» wore Showing tho lines of hi» rigid limbs. Undor its frayed and faded hem Gaunt and pallid, hi» feet were seen, Bare-and now, for a wonder, clean ; Earthly path» were no more for them ; And, though not noedod in other spheres, His half-worn sandals beside were placed. Two wax-like hands to bia pulseless breast A wooden crucifix stiffly pressed, That hung by bia rosary's beaded chain (Which novor would reckon his prayers again) To the hempen girdlo about bis waist. Bead-in his manhood's ripest prime ; Dead-and, spite of bia fifty years, What had ho conquered from fate and time t What had he known of tho worth of lifeP Never npon that lonely breast Had brow of sweetheart or tender wife Hidden in shyness or leaned for rost ! Never a child had.nestled there, Or tossed and tangled his glossy hair. A wandering breath from the chancel door Blew and fluttered it« soft brown ring», Silkon-bright as in days of yore, Whon in his childhood's delightful springs, Thoughtless of scourges and penances, He ran and sported and laughed for joy Under the thick poraegranato'trees Of fair Granada, a morry boy I Fast all penance and prayer and pain, The look of his youth came back again. It chanced that the gentle brother's death Was soicod by Fate as the mournful means Of saving Antonio's (ailing breath, And bringing him baok to earthly scenes. For it often chanced that no living soul, For months, went down in that dismal bole The last oold bedroom of all the friars, Wherein when once they were laid to sleep, No call to matins or chant of ehoirs Could rouse them ;-down in that dismal deep, Far from the pure, rebuking sky, Irreverent rodents, alert and ely, Bat daring from numbers and fieroe withal, Wary as friars, and sleek no less, Held with the relics high carnival, And throve on the husks of holiness. Bat Brother Jerome was dead-and io .His comrades gathered in mournful palra, . Some bearing him down to the vaults below, While other« followed with chanta and prayer« ; It almost seemed, ere they reaohad the end, That' the monk had perished to «ava hi« friend. Hark 1 Their pallid taper«, with wavering «parki Only served to reveal the dark And the skeleton heads-a grewsome sight Whioh, glad ol «orne preienoe besides them selves, Seemed to nod in the flickering light, And grin and gibber along the «helve« Hark ! Was it a rat, that in yonder obink Their taper«' glimmer «careé reaohed io far With a grim anticipatory wink, Booked up from gnawing a fibula Î Eaoh monk turned timidly round to sse What the cause of the DOÍBS might be, And thud-thud-thud-thud, There came a knooking that froze their,blood, From the very tomb where long ago They had walled np Brother Antonio 1 Within, the famished and desperate saint, Cramped by the chilly, olose constraint, Was struggling to make his presence known' By pounding for life with a «tray thigh-bone. Each swank from showing before the rest The awful terror that filled his breast ; Had there bt'ep bat ono, ho had straightway fled In a headlong pafúo of frantio dread, As brother Filippo *>»d done, one day ; For oourage, like fire, 'li« «aie to say Though none ot the brothers the laos would own I« apt to languish when left alon&V; At last the bravest of all the band He had the muscle »nd' brawn of five- . Said-orossing himself with' a trembling hand " 'TU Brother Antonio, still alive I" The wonder widened, and one and all Fell to work at the massive wall, While Brother Antonio's'mauled tones Urged them on from behind the stones. A» last they reached him; with pale band« pressed Prayerfully on his ample breast, He stood, with his rapt eyes railed on high, And faoe with fasting and fear made .wan, Bike the pallid statues that stand for aye Niohe-enshrined in the Pantheon.' Lo, a miraole ! All their eye« .Opened wider with awed surpriee^ Surely, none but a aaint oould live' Eleven long months in a hole like toll 1 And all were eager end glad to give7 Honour to such rare holiness. Humbly the pale and wondering throng' Pressed around with obeisance low*,' Praying his pardo* for all the wrong1 Done in blindness BO long agö'. And, a« though lo welcome the wife old boy, The rowa of «kail« on the narrow «helve« Grimaced and grinned in the général joy, And talked it brer among themselves:' Brother Antonio knew fall well ' He bed cheated death by a narrai twice; And haply the ipectre that ihirad his cell '' Gave him some opportune advice. Be that as it may, he took goba heed"' To mind hil warning! and mend fail weyiY' Atoning by righteous life and died For all ibe errors of former dayl ; So he lived revered ai a saint should bei And be died in tbs odour of sanctity/ And when at lilt he wis laid away, His'journey ended for good and all," And nobody heard him, by night br" day, : Knooking for help In the thiok'itone wall; -£__*._ CoLOuniHo TOB Sours AHD G SA vu i.-Pot iltur onnoes of lamp ingar, a gill*bf water, an,* haU-an-ounoe of the finest batter Into a am ni'' tosser, and.'set it over a gentle fire ;itir it with' a wooden spoon till of a blight brown. Then a^d halt a pict ol water j boil, skim", and when «old, bottle «nd eork it cloie. Add to loop or tjravy BI much of this as will give a proper oolour, GHAXCEIXOK'S OB CiuiNBT PCDDIHO.-Boi a pint of oroam with a bit of lemon peel and some fine ingar, and pour it hot over a ball pound of orumblod nowly-boked Savoy eako in a basin. Cover the dish. When the cream is soaked up add tho yolks and whites of eight eggs, separately well whisked. Bake tho pudding , and Borve with custard sauoe. Stoned dates, plums or raisins may ba added, and also ininaed 'marrow almonds ¿ -and grated citron. 