BY . v . DONALD CAMERON,', : 'Author of1' Silver water Bend" '' Scripopolis,'' N " Melbourne life," " Transformations," " For Earthly Passions' Sake," " Grit" itXa Mile du JDiable,V' VTfte Skinfin Ministry$c., $c. J ' ' ~ . ".Tho means to do ill deeds make 'ill deeds done." CHAPTEE IV. ' dak BEGAN. ."A little learning i3-a da'ageioas thing; - ' i_ Drinlc deep, or taste not the Pierian spang.'' i '* ' -POPE. ; ?' Tlio'spod* of treea that fall in open ground,. ' Whero they hava light, and sail, end air,' ; -'Aro tall and Htraighc and well proportioned fotrad,. With spreading boughs and foliage fair. ' \- .Bat when the seed in ttickets finds a place, Or on a rooky, hungry land, . It straggles upward, awurl'ed and williont grace '' Defjrmed among its pears to stund . . Tet, of tbie foot lei no one lose tiie sight-. It atraggles apwaras to wuat it thinks light! THE newcomer, who handed Ms horse to an old, weather-beaten man, a pensioner of i the family, was none otber than the redoubted Dan Began. As he stood at the door, Walter was struck wit'u tbe massive character of hia frame, his grand symmetry of form, bo well shown off by his pictur esque and tight-fitting diess, and the great idea of latent; strength with which he impressed the beholder. Dan's face-his brow was now covered with his hat-wa3 ?just then in repose, but, for all that, it wore the air of determination and courage which was its characteristic. The suspicious glisten of the small eyes was the only draw back to hiB appearance. It was strange to qee what a look of unaffected pride and pleasure Jit up the faces of the old couple BJ3 they gazed upon their firstborn-the ruler of the Began clan. That he was so did not surprise Walter, for ic was at ones evident that he was far superior in body and mind to tho rest. " Good-day,' Mr. Manton !" said Dan. "Why, this is a surprise. Only a few hours ago I met you in the Mail. You must have mado a speedy trip out ?" "Ou, uo, Daii," teplioi Walter, "I:only took a Btrcll to the hill, qb I had nothing to \- do this afternoon." 1 He did not speak'of Victor, for he had noticed the old people look anxious, after their firBt gladness at seeing Dan, and gnetsed that Dan did not regard Victor's visits as at ail pleasing. It was evident the ; old folks had bean won over by Viosor'B way, and thought that their "lady"-for Roau went by that name on Emu Creek-would, after ail, marry a gentleman; while Dan knew too much, and was too far- sighted, to anticipate each a probability; on the con trary, he certainly did another by no means bo pieaBant. " Well, 1*15 glad to see you here," said Dan, sitting down, and filling ont a glass of 4 whisky, " for yea are about the most aeoent ei the Grit crowd. What does that con found&l; fellow, LangSigbt, mean by watching me as a oat doeo a mouse when I am in tne town 7 It's verj? filing, because my brother was oonvioted of horae-Bkeating, that those traps should always be on tuo look-out for ' me. By God ! it's enough to make one ao something that would caus^ ;i little trouble. I suppose they think we have neither feelings nor souls, neither love for our relatives nor hope for ourselves. Being,continually watched fxet&ithe; lilo oat of me." "I mast say," replied Walter, guardedly, " that I don't agree with the espionage the polioe practice, which BO often causes men to commit orime oat of sheer weariness of life. . Bat then it's their trade, and if they let anyone esoape, the public raise an outcry . about them." \- "Well," exolaimed; Dan, with supposed pasBion in his voice, " some day they may bave reason to 7?atoti me, out for the present I laugh at them. What do they know of our 4 sufferings and wrongs ? " \- There, Dan, dear," said his mother, " do lake it aisy, and have another drop of 'whisky." "I will," BBid Dan, bitterly; "but I be lieve whisky will yet be my ruin-the drink of the devil, that leads to hell." Walter eoald not but feel nervous at the change of the man's faoe; its expression wbb defiant, bitter, reckless, despairing. The eoul was beating against the bars of its oage. "Is it whisky?" asked old Began. "tDon't run it down, boy j it's the water of life." ' . "Of death, you mean/.' said Dan, in such a tone that his father dare not contradict. Bub he took a big glass of the eau de mort for all that. Walter, who did not like the look of things, had risen, and was examining the library of battered books which were .con tained in a few cases,'nailed tip against the wall. He was sot at all pleased with their character.' There were a few .Catholic religious books, but the bulk were works of fiction, and not the best fiction either. There were several of Scott*s find Cooper's, notably "Ivanhoe," "The Talisman," " Nick of the Woods," " The Pirate," and several others dealing with chivalry, and the romance of outlawry. Almost all Hariison Ainsworth's works of that charac ter were included, and " Paul Clifford" was the only book of Bulwer Lytton's. There was quite a ragged assortment of three penny sensation noyels, the plots of which were generally of the most outrageous order. Ghost stories were not left out, and the Arabian Nights were included. It was an ill-omened selection for a young bush man of Dan Eegan's character, and it was pretty evident he was the greatest reader. " You're looking at my library," said Dan to Walter. " Well, ic.'s a queer selec tion, but it's my own. I like exciting stories; reading them takes me away from the wrstched humdrum life we lead. i think I should die out if it were not for these books, and the excitement of break ing in horses. I can conquer them, at least.'.' alter turned bis fine, firm, honest face . upon the young man; Dan drooped under tnat glance of a man whom he knew to be his supeiior in intellect and soul. "I«}ont like such books," said Walter, firmly, " unless their reading is accom panied by the perusal of other and healthier workd. The poison can do no harm if the antidote is applied. These novels give only one phase of life, and the picture is always distorted and uutrue. Tuny give tlia iigUvti, hue luii to lima the Bhadowe, and such lite is noariy ail shadow. Give me the healthy, manly writings of Smollett, Fieldiag, Thackeray, and Dickens, so fall oi the fueling that makes Englishmen what they are, so true to human nature," Dan gave an impatient shrug. He wa3 the scholar and oraola of the olan, and it was not pleasing to let the old folks hear one whose langauga was so much superior, whose gr&Bp; of mind was so Uihait6iy Higher. The discussion might have gone on for some time had not Mrs. Bagau, who appeared very anxious, kept winking at Walser, to signify that he should go and take Victor away. She evidently dreaded a rencontre between Victor and Dun. Walter, who guessed her reasons, from what had oome to fcifl Knowledge, determined to leave. .'Weil, Pan," eBid he, taking out his watoh, " i u come out some other day and .navei a ohat with yon about booka, for I see you have a fancy that way; bnt it's getting late, and I mast get to town to report a meeting at seven. .! am much obliged to yoa i for your kindness, Mrs. Began. Good-bye, 1 bje'ltAu*?'' E°od"b>e' Mr" Began; good " I'll take a walk with yoa as far as Fern ,lree Gaily," said Dan, who had a great fanoy for Walter, because in his heart he knew him to be good, trae, and clever. Dan waB so accustomed to mingle only among the uneducated, in. whoBe circles he reigned supreme, that ho hungered to talk with a '.well-informed- person who would not look down upon him, who, though not wanting in Belf- reBpeot, had not one atom of pride in his composition. ^ . * Mrs. Began lifted np her hands in despair as ibis, but, with the quick wit of her nation she saw that there was au escape, for when Walter and Dan were out of Bight, she could run down and tell Victor, and he could reaoh Grit by another road. These ideas she com municated to Walter as well as oho could by Kigns, and he easily comprehended her plan. He, therefore, strolled out with Dan. Fate had, however, ordained matters differently. Dan had' hardly stepped oufc, when the ; black filly wp have already mentioned oantered up to him, and, with a tosa of her boautiful head, laid it on his shoulder. She was evidently his pet, and a wilful one, too. *' Hullo, Belle 1" said Dan, oaressing her well-arched neck, a proud, happy smile coming into his face; " glad to see me home! Isn't she a beauty, Mr. Manton?" " She is, indeed," replied Walter, who was vtry anxious to get away. " Siie'e own sister to Blaok Diamond," con tinued Dan, mentioning a then noted racing mare. "I purchased her when she was a little thing, aud the police thought for a lotog. time that I had stolen her, the wretohes! I bought her with the greater part of my last years Blearing money. I intend to train her, and I'll give some of the Grit folks a run for the Hundioap and Cup with my Belle." ' ''The day is passing" said Walter, "and I must get along." " Oh, yes," replied Dan, and he took a step to go with Walter. Just then Victor and Rose appeared from behind a clump of trees. Viotor had his arm around the girl's waist, and her face was turned up to his lovingly. Dan was within an aca of not seeing the pair; and they would have esoaped, but that Belle whinnied, and he looked baok at her. He then caoght eight of Victor and Rose. His fieToe°UaCSed at Ono0, and be0ama dark and *k0 -does that swell out of a ?l«;b0iWa?^ere he exolaimed, with a m -^e wretoh deserves hanging;" ifle pair bad hesitated when they were observed, and Victor hastily withdrewhis arm, were fairly in for it, they came boldly. Viotor seemed cool enough, but Xmo s faoe was pale, and it was evident ehe was greatly agitated. " Bjee," said Dx»n, in a tone of suppressed rage,"now often have I told you I wouldn't have this fellow round here ! He means no good. I know him and his worksand. some know him to their sorrow-I'm deter mined you won't 1" " Shure," interposed Mrs. Bsgan, who, like a mother hen, had oome out So shield her ohiokB, " there's no harm in it, Dan. dear. Bose only showed the gintleman the garden." .'NoWj mother, shut np,". said Dan, fiercely. What did he mean by having his arm round her ? I know him, and you don't. .Look here," he continued, addressing Viotor, " I know whafr brings you here, and if I catoh you within a mile ot this place again I'll stooxwhip you until that pretty faoe of yours oan t be recognised by your mother; and, mark me, if yoa Bhould be successful- if harm befalls Rose, by the God that made me, I'll shoot you dead, if I am hanged the next day I" At this moment Bose Bhrieked, and fell into her mother's arms in a faint. " Oh, Dan, you've killed her J" cried the old woman, chafing the girl's hands. " Perhaps it would be as well," waa the' stern reply. " Mr. Manton,'5 he continued, speaking to Walter, who had stood by in a dazed state, " take that creature out of mv sight l" J "Dan Bagan,"said Victor,drawing up hia Handsome form, and looking straight at the young bushman, " I don't understand why you should speak to me in this way. I have ever treated your sister with respect, and if to you " 8 preierenoe toz me«tliat is nothing "Nothing to me!" said Dan. "Nothing to ma if my sister is dragged down to the lowest. Don t try and get over me as you generally do over others-you oan't. The idea of your marrying Boae; it's a lie, and you know it's a lie. What would you think il l were to visit at yoor house and court war Kate Graham? You would show me the door quick, and yet I lore Sate far better than you do Rose. I would never harm her; bat God save Rose irom yorar BOhemes. Get away before I lose control of myself." " Well, good-bye, all," eaid Viotor, coolly.. " Good-bye, Miss Regan." Rose had recovered from her fainting fit, and was leaning on her mother. When Victor spoke, she looked at him with a yearn ing glance, in which deep love and unutter able despair and terror were combined. She even tnade as if she were about to throw herself into his arms, bat stopped herself and faltered a good-bye in a tone .almost too low to be heard. " Come, Victor," eaid Walter, im patiently; and the two walked rapidly away, and were soon outside the paddock. As they stood for a moment on the brow of the hill, Walter looked baek. Rose and her mother had disappeared, but the tall, strong form of Dan was to be 'seen as he walked moodily towards the garden, fol lowed by the filly, Belle. He Btopped for a moment, and, catching a glimpse of Victor, shook his hand at him. " The world will yet hear of Dan Regan," said Walter, as.they hurried away. "He will be in her Majesty's gaol before very long," replied Victor, with, a bitter malice, in his tone that Walter had never noticed heretofore. 