church Notices. — Holy Trinity Church : Fri day, 2ud, evensong aud choir practice, 7.S0. Sun day, 4th. nmtius aud celebration holy communion, 11 ; children's service, 3 ; evensong, 7 .30. Out Service: Thursday, Red Range school, 3 p.m. — IV. H. Cooper, curate. children'S Service. — The monthly children's service will be held iu Holy Trinity Church, on Suuday next, at 3 o'clock. Church of England. — a missiou service was held iu the Music Hall by the Rev. IV. H. Cooper, on the evening of Good Friday, at which there was a fair atteudauce. The service consisted of the litany, some hymus, together with a most effective discourse on the Passion of cur Lord, from Pilate's words " Behold the Man," the preacher bringing the whole of the incideuts iu the closing hours of jflgB His life most vividly present to his hearers. The a2jg service closed by singing the " Story of the Cross," IU the beautiful words of which are set to equally plaintive music. 'sii Easter-tide. — Friday and yesterday were ob- served as close holidays. There were no amuse ments of any kind provided, and the town bore a fur.e:eil appearance, quite in contrast to the meiry- J making that those released from the irksome cares -rl of business are wont to look forward to at this par- ticular season. Wesleyax. — The Rev. Luke Parr will preach his farewell sermon on Sunday morning next, in the 48 Masonic Hall, to commence at 1 1. There will be no evening service. It is rumoured that the rev. gen- .-3 tleman intends to secede from the Wesleyan body, and alter the Church of England ministry. 5®|1 The Show.— A meeting was held in the Music Hall on Wednesday afternoon, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken with reference to the approaching show. It will be remembered that a similar meeting was held about four weeks previ ously, when an auxiliary committee was elected and collectors appointed. In the meantime a canvas had been made for subscriptions, but it appeared that the public seemed so lukewarm in its support that the committee of the Pastoral and Agricultural Society were not warranted in carrying out the show. Hence the object of this meeting. Mr. Patrick Kinsella was voted to the chair, and in explaining the motive which had brought them together, said he was not in favour of holding an annual exhibition in Glen Innes, but as the programme had been advertised it would be a dis grace if the show this season was allowed to fall through. It rested with the townspeople, and if they all put their shoulders to the wheel he thought there would be no difficulty in matter. With a little sup port on their part, he believed the show as announced would be a successful one, even if it were not more so than the one held last year. Mr. Maund, the secre- retary of the association, stated that unless .£100 was forthcoming the committee would not go on with the show. Of this amount, 40 had been promised. Mr. Edward Hodgkiss said he would increase his subscription to 5. This liberal intimation was fol lowed by several others present promising to subscribe, which brought the total up to £60. Mr. Hodgkiss then proposed, and Mr. Breslin seconded — "That the show as advertised be held." This was carried unanimously. Mr. Maund announced as probable that the amateurs would give a performance in aid of the funds of the society on the second night of the show, when he thought it would be a good idea to pay over the prizes. Some discussion then took place with reference to holding a ploughing match on the 23rd April, under the auspices of the society. Ulti mately this was agreed to, and a committee, consisting of the following persons, was appointed to carry out the necessary details : — Messrs. G. Ever-, H. Fakes, R. Clibbom, J. M 'Donald, A. and J. Hutchinson, D. Cameron, W. Gould, S- Sudderby, J. Noble, T. O'Rourke, P. Walsh, W. Skerry, Chapman, J. Wetherspoon, J. Smith, W. Shea, D. M'Donald, J. M'Kay, and H. Mills. A notice, setting forth the prizes to be offered, will be found in another column. FREE Selection. — On Thursday the following conditional selections were made at the Land Office : — Henry Voss, 40a., county Gough, parish Welling ton ; C. E. G. Henderson, 40a., county Gough, parish Ritchie ; J.J. R. Gibson, 120a., county Gough, parish Wellington ; A. Hawthorne, 9SX, countv Gough, parish Wellington. Something like Potatoes — We have received from Mr. J. L. Taylor, of the Red Range, a splendid sample of this esculent. They are of two varieties, Brownell's Beauty and the Prolific. Competent per sons pronounce the tubers of the former to be the finest they have seen, whidi is only another instance of the wonderful fertility of the soil of this district. Inverell Show. — We notice that Messrs. Camp bell Brothers, of Inverell station, were awarded the first prize in every class in which they exhibited their sheep. This is no small honour, when it is remem bered that amongst the competitors there were first prize- takers from the last Singleton show, which had been purchased at a cost of upwards of £60 each. Good Templar's Lodge. — On account of the in clemency of the weather on Thursday evening, the meeting convened, at the Masonic Hall, for the pur pose of starting a branch of this order, was not held. Another meeting is called for Thursday evening, in the Temperance Hall. The Shepherd- Dibbs Case. — We notice that the defendant in this remarkable suit seems deter mined to fight the issue out to the hitter end, as he is now moving for an appeal to the highest judicial tri bunal On Thursday afternoon Mr. Davis moved in the Full Court for an appeal against the decision of that court on the 22nd of March, in refusing to <rant a rule ma in the case of John Shepherd v. G. R. Dibbs. Their Honors made an order for leave to appeal, the appellant to give security for due prosecu tion of the appeal and costs of same, to the amount of ; and the plaintiff is to beat liberty to carry out : t execution of the verdict, but to give security for re- payment. Archbishop Yaughan's latest Deliveran ce. — This is what "The Meddler," in l\ie Sydney Mail, says : — Archbishop Yaughan's autobiographical il lustrations iu his Sunday evening addresses are de cidedly piquant aud interesting. He told us at the Sacred Heart how he came to have such a horror of Chartists, aud how he had inherited all the family loyalty from Sir Roger of Agiucourt. Last Sunday, at Forest Lodge, he had some more juvenile reminisceuces to reveal. He reminded his audience that he had learnt the art of self-defence as a boy, aud also at the same time " to take his pimishmeut kindly." It is easy to believe that so bellicose a member of the Church Militant "lias been a man of war from his youth :" but whether he has always " taken his punishment kindly" is by 110 means so certain. Why all this outcry abont uot being able to speak, about gagging, fero cious attacks, aud persecution? The whole thing is very suggestive of Dickens's little termagant wife, who, in one of his talcs, is made to battle away at her big and long- suffering husband, aud to scream out with every blow at bini, " What I raise your liaud against a woman? You audacious rampagious, murthering villaiu 1 I'll teach you to trample on your own loving wife I" What could Dr. Vaughan expect people to say iu reply to such attacks as he has made upou the public of this colouy — if he was not a churchman ? And, being a churchmau, upou what ground does he claim authority iu matters civil such as no citizen can have iu this laud of civil and religious equality ? An answer to that question would be fully as in teresting to the public as the information respect ing the antiquity of his pedigree and the character of his physical education, Perhaps, also, inasmuch as secular education cannot be divorced from reli gious, either as to time or place, it would be of equal interest to learn what sort of religious exer- c'ses accompanied his boxing experiences when he was learuiug " to take his punishment kiudly" as a boy at school. It cannot be that so ferveut a champion of the Church is an example of a neg lected religious education iu his youth. Important to Selectors. — The following as refereucc to au article under this heading that ap peared iu our last issue : — The second point re served by the Full Court iu the case of Blackburu v. Flavelle was decided on Thursday morning. Mr. Justice Faucett said the court had reserved judgment iu this case, not because they had any doubt in the matter, but as they considered it of so much importance that they thought it better to give the matter further consideration. He was of opinion the verdict of the defendant should staud. Sir William Manning and Mr. Justice Wiudeyer concurred, and the rule was discharged with costs. Their Honors held that laud selected under 13th section of the Crown Lands Alienation Act cannot be selected by a third person in cases where the forfeiture had been gazetted by the Crown. Such lands cau only be disposed of by auction. The Hansard. — We have received from the Government Printer the reports of Parlimentary proceedings as they have appeared in the Mansard since October last. They have been re-produced in pamphlet form, thus rendering them convenient for future refereuce. Protection or Free Trade ?— This is thc-title of a pamphlet containing the speech in favour of Free Trade, delivered at a public discussion with Mr. David Buchauan,iu the Masonic Hall, Syduey, on the 2Stli February, by Mr. G. H. Reid, a copy of which has been sent to us. It is a capital speech, completely upsetting the illogical deduc tions of Mr. Buchauau and showing how specious are the arguments of the protectionists. We had hoped that the gaunt figure of Protection iu New South Wales had been buried, but now that it has been exhumed by a class of persons who would have a few capitalists enriched at the ex pense of the multitude who labour hard for their daily bread, it is the duty of all who have the ad vancement of the country at heart to re-inter its dry bones as quickly as possible. Protection, indeed ! We iu the country districts are already just a little too much protected aud find taxation sufficiently high without any further increase, whether it be on the common necessaries of life, machinery, or on auy commodity which, when over taxed, fetters the development of new industries aud acts as a check to the growth and prosperity of auy young couutry, Next week we will pub lish extracts from Mr. Reid's speech. Petty Debts Court.— The monthly sittings of this court was held on Tuesday, when several cases of au unimportant character were dealt with. Inverell Pic-xic Rages.— We learn from the published reports that the Inverell Pic-nic races afforded some good sport, the fields in each race being numerous, whilst the contests were close and exciting. Those fine amateur horsemen, Messrs. P. W. nud J. A. Anderson, were very lncky in the pigskin, having rode the winner in every race. The following were the successful competitors Hurdle Race, Hugh M'Douald's Puzzle ; Maideu Plate, Hugh M'Donald's Cinderella ; Jehu Stakes. P. W. Anderson's Talisman ; Yice-Presinent's Cup. J. A.Anderson's Pastille ; Byron Cup, Cinderella ; Goodwood Stakes, P. W. Anderson's Undine ; the Gift, Cinderella ; Bachelor's Bag, Pastille ; Conso lation Handicap, Dight'sThe Swell. The Weather. — During the past few days the district has been treated to some nice showers of raiu. The appearance of the country indicates a favourable winter for stock of all kiuds. So far we have had no frost. The Railway. — By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that a meeting is called for this evening, iu the Music Hall to protest against the railway being taken into Armidale" We are inclined to believe that whatever might be said or done now will have no effect in alteriug the determination of the " powers that be." as it is un derstood that they have consented to the diver gence of the line into that township, aud the neces sary plans are to be laid on the table of the House forthwith. The Zodiacal Light. — A distinguished scien tific gentleman in New Zealand, Mr. C. O'Neill, C.E., has discovered that the supposed comet, about which so much discussion took place recently, was no comet at all. Writing to a Wellington paper he says that he observed it distinctly for several nights at the Bay of Islands, and with Lieutenant H. J. Jeffreys, an able aud scientific officer of H.M.S. Alacrity, was of opinion it was no comet, but the zodiacal light. In astronomy the zodiacal light is a faint nebulous aurora, which surrounds the sun in the plane of its equator, and from the descriptions given by those who have closely observed zodiacal lights, there seems to be, at least, some good grounds for supposing that the light that has appeared for the last teu days is not a comet, but the zodiacal light. Interest on Conditional Purchases. — We would again remind persons interested that interest I and instalments on free selections must be paid be- ! fore the 31st March. Cricket. — We learnt last evening that the match on Saturday between Inverell and Armi dale, resulted in a victory for the former team. Heavy rain fell daring the afternoon. A Windfall. — A man named Walker, who had | been living iu iudigent circumstances at Ballarnt, ! has just come into an inheritance of £3000 a year. Dame Fortune is capricious with her favours. The Stamp Duties Bill. — It does not appear that the Upper and Lower Houses have yet come to an amicable understanding over this measure, for we learn from the Mews that on Wednesday evening the unfortunate hill was again amended by the Legislative Council, as substantially as before, and the result prob ably, will be that the Assembly will again lay the bill aside, and so the disagreement between the two Houses will be intensified rather than mitigated. The Council insists on its rights to amend money bills, and the Assembly refuses to concede that right, and hence the collision. The Sculling Championship of the World. " Claudius," in the Mudgee Independent, writes Hanlan, the great Canadian boat-puller, has refused to meet Trickett on the Thames. Now that the brag gart has been brought to bay, he as good as throws up the sponge. What terms are expressive enough to describe such conduct ? He carries out the \ ankee swagger to perfection. "Great cry and little wool" once again. Yes, " we A-mericans air a great peo ple," — in your own estimation, but counterfeits when put to the test. No doubt Hanlan and his party would be only too ready to accede to the proposal, only they know British fair play (famous all over the world) will not take kindly to sawn boats and Such like tricks of aquatic charlatans and boat pulling- imposters. A short time back, a New 1 ork journal, which went keel-upwards next day, derided Trickett in it moribund issue and boasted of Hanlan that he had " feathered his sculls in American waters." Guess he did, and full-fledged them from tip to toe, but his recent cowardice shows the " white feather to be the leading quill in the plumage. Practical Christianity.— Up at St. George the Rev. C. T. West advertises that his quarter's stipend is due, and that he has appointed a man to collect it for him. This is certainly a busiuess- like way of dealing with the matter. Zulu Account of the Death ; of the Prince Imperial. — Mnjor-General Clifford, V.C, C.B., &c.;, has published for general information the following account of the death, of the Prince Imperial : — " With the approval of his Excel lency General Sir Garnet Wolseley, K.C.B., G.C.M.G., I sent a party of Natal Zulus, in Oc tober last, to the spot where the Prince lost his life, to recover, if possible, any property belong ing to him, and to obtain full particulars of the attack made 011 the Prince and his party. The party of Natal Zulus sent by me were selected for me by Bishop Colenso, and the headman, Slagema Magwaza, has been for years iu the service of the Bishop. His statement is as fol- lows : — " Account of the death of the Prince Imperial, obtained in Zululand by Magema Magwaza from Umnukwa, and Innakes (king's servant or official), who was one of the attack ing party, and himself took away the Prince's sword." Umnukwa says : — " We were watching as scouts, though not sent expressly bv the King's orders, and were seated 011 a little hill, when we saw the white men coming late in the afternoon. There was a river there, the 'Ijojosi,' and several small gullies at the place where we killed him. We went into a gully, unseen by them, and crept along it, being in number about 40 or 50. When we got near to them we fired, without their seeing us, just as they were about to mount their hoses. We fired many shots, hut they all missed. Four white men had already mounted, and these escaped, but the other three and a dressed native had not yet mounted. The Prince was iu the act of mounting when the horse threw him. being frightened at the noise of our guns. When the horse had thrown him it ran away with his gun, which fell out some way off. When he had fallen 011 the ground he drew a revolver and fired twice, but missed each time. Xahauza, one of ours, flung an assegai at him as lie sat on the ground, and struck hini on the breast. Then Gwabukana came and stabbed him. aud the son of Maganzo also, aud others. He never made the least attempt to run away. We killed the other three also with assegais, in cluding the dressed native. We did not kill any with the gun. Then I took up from the ground the Prince's sword, which hail been left by our people, who were plundering his articles of dress." When Infunzi and Ukisiniane came hack and brought to Cetewayo, in the evening, the word of Gebuza (Mr. F. E. Colenso, Bishop Colenso's son) about sending 011 the sword. Umnukwa was at hand, and the King obtained the sword at once fiom him, and sent it down the next morn ing by Infunzi and Ukisiniane ; hut lie was afraid to say that the son of Sohantu (the Bishop) had advised him to send it, lest the English au thorities should be angry. — I am, Sir, yours very truly, H. H. Clifford, Major Geueral." A Conscientious Judge. — The American papers state that Judge Eldridge, of Memphis, recently fined himself i0 dols. for being late at court. Two lawyers made able arguments for the remission of the penalty, but his houour re mained firm. The Bushranger Gardiner's Booty. — a Californian paper received by the last mail has the following : — " A Fenian of renown has gone to Australia by the steamer City of New York, for the purpose of raising a treasure of £60,000 buried by Frank Gardiner, a notorious Australian bushranger. Gardiner, prior to his imprison ment, had buried the swag obtained by countless robberies about half a mile from the Fish River, in a cleariug between Goulburn and Bathurst, New South Wales. After his release he came to San Francisco, the vigilance of the Australian police compelling him to leave his booty behind. Here he has become a total wreck. The only person who befriended him was the Fenian, and knowing that he had but a short time to live, he confided to him the whereabouts of the deposit, which is said to consist of gold, coin, bills, and jewellery. He. has furnished him with accurate plans and diagrams of the buried trea sure, which is to go entirely to him, -with the condition 'hat lie shall provide for Gardiner during his lifetime.'' /Praying for Rain at the Wrong Time. — A Sunday or two ago a minister iu an upcouutry district (N. S. W.) prayed fervently for rain. It was very hot weather aud likely to last, and the reverend's tank was nearly empty. The next day a secret meeting was held amongst his pari shioner , who were for the most part farmers. Tuey were not at all satisfied with his action in the matter. Some had their crops half reaped, some half stacked, and some half threshed, if rain came it would be a gone case with the lot. They dreaded the minister's influence 011 the question of irrigation, and so resolutions were unanimously passed that he should he requested not to bring the subject up so prominently until the crops were safe, though, in the event of his refusing, it was decided that those present should give him a cask of water each for a stated period. — John Peerybingk. A Strange Creature. — The following strange story comes from Yorke's Peninsular, South Australis : — " A siugular looking object has been seen by a well-known resident. He says that he was driving from Stansburv, and when about 14 miles from Miniaton, the horse gave asuddeu start, and 011 looking up he saw a strange-look ing object on the road about two and a half chains in front of him. In appearance it was fonned like a man, stood from 7 to 74 feet iu height, and was covered with feathers of a very light colour. It weut along the centre of the road for about 200 yards at a great pace, taking enormous strides. Mr. O'Dea" put his horses into a gallop, but it still increased its distauce until coming to a bush fence, when it put out one of its arms, which was like that of a human being, only very much larger, and made a loud noise, which he could only describe as being between the bellowing of a cow and the peculiar noise made by an emu when calling its young. It easily cleared the fence, and was soon lost to view" in the thick scrub. When it turned off the road the outline of its face was to all ap pearance like that of a monkey's. Presbyterian. — The Rev. R. Kaye will preach next Sunday at Wellingrove, at 11 ; and at Mr. Archibald Davidson's, 3.30 p.m. Glass Ball Shooting " Champion." — For the first time in the history of glass ball shooting with the rifle the above title was won in a bona fide match by Eugene Borgardus, a hoy hut 15 years of age, on Friday evening last, at. Capt. Borgardus's shooting school, in this city. The match was between the boy Eugene and Dr. Bower Talbot, for a gold medal offered by the Winchester Repeating Rifle' Company to estab- lislilhe above championship in a legitimate way. in one hundred halls with a Winchester rifle, sprung from Borgardus's new trap for rifle shooting, Eugene 77 out of 100 and Dr. Talbot but 15 out of a like number. This medal must now he held by young Borgardus against all comers for one year. At the same place on Saturday evening Eugene Borgardus won a beautiful medal offered by Capt. Borgardus for hoys 17 years of age and under, by a score of 75 glass balls out of 100 broken from the rifle trap with a Winchester rifle. If the rifle shoot ers at glass ball, which we hear of iu such numbers throughout the country, have any claim to the scores they publish, they cau now set all doubts at rest by a contest with the young champion, who holds these medals subject to the skill of any man or hoy in America to wrest tliein from him. — New York Herald. A Case of Resurrection. — The following story is told in the London Era : — " In Thurgnn, Switzerland, the body of a man was found, and it was supposed that death had been the result of foul plav. But the medical men declared that the wounds were self-inflicted, and that the deceased must have committed suicide. The body was identified by a large number of rela tives as well as by sawyers with whom deceased had worked as having belonged in life to one Baumeler, a sawyer of Lucerne. His kinsfolk followed him to the grave, put on mourning for him, and the local papers published notices of the dead man. On the evening after the inter ment, while a number of Baumeler's friends were making merry in the village inn, who should walk in among them but the dead mau himself 1 The peasants dropped their tankards of lager, ami stared . at the ghost in dismay. Some took to their heels in fright, and, running home, barricaded their doors. The ghost quietly took his seat at a table, and ordered sausages, bread, aud lager in large quantities, and, his meal being finished, went straight to the priest, and thanked him for the eloquent funeral ora tion he had delivered over his grave. He then called upon the head man of the district, and ex pressed his obligations for the trouble taken 011 his behalf. So far, the ghost showed himself to he amiably inclined, but his mood changed upon looking down the columns of a local paper, which contained an obituary notice of the de ceased couched in not exactly complimentary terms. The ghost, whose reputation during lifetime was really somewhat shady, seeing his chance, intends to bring an action for libel against the editor, who forgot to state in the obituary notice that deceased was a representa tive of all the virtues. The circumstance of a live ghost walking about, and contemplating law proceedings, has thrown the village into a state of great excitement." More than Enough. — A good story is told of a judge visiting a penal institution, and being practically disposed, the learned judge philan- thropically trusted himself 011 the treadmill, de siring the warden to set it in motion. The ma chine was accordingly adjusted, and his lordship began to lift his feet. In a few minutes, how ever, .the new hand had quite enough of it, and called to he released, but this was not so easy. l> Please, my lord," said the man, " you can't get off. It's set for twenty minutes, that's the shortest time we can make iL go." So the judge was iu durance until his 11 term" expired. - Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — Colds, Coughs, Shortness of Breath. — These corrective remedies are infallible for these pectoral com plaints, which, neglected, often end in asthma, bronchitis, or consumption. The Ointment, well rubbed upon the chest and hack, peuetrating the skin, is carried directly to the lungs, whence it expels all impurities. All the blood in the body constantly passes through the lungs, and there all noxious particles tending to produce disease, cau be quickly, thoroughly, ami per manently neutralised, Rendered harmless, or ejected from the systeufp - Holloway's Ointment and Pills perfectly accomplish this purification ; and through the bloocfHhus cleansed, the influ ence of these ivomiernil medicaments reaches the remotest parts of the human body : and thus cures all diseased action, whether internal or ex- steryal. Foot-racing. — The Inverell Times says : — On Friday afternoon about fifty persons col lected 011 the old racecourse to witness a contest between Heydon of Glen limes, and the Inverell champion, Ellis, the distance being 150 yards, for £1 a-side. Several attempts were made to start the men ou equal terms, aud eventually Heydon went away leaving Ellis ou the scratch, and after running the distance, claimed the stakes, whereupon another match was made for an equal amount which Ellis succeeded iu pull ing off after a dreadful struggle." 