? THEATEB ROYAL.—The comic opera "H.M.S. Pinafore" was again presented to a large house at the Royal on Friday night, and it took immensely. Miss Elsa May appeared as Josephine, and performed her part remarkably well, If there was a lack of the sprightlinesa which has distinguished those who have previously taken the part, it must be borne in mind that it was a first appearances, and undoubtedly those who appreciate good singing could not but be pleased at the manner in which Miss May rendered several of the songs in her part. The audience favoured her with an encore for ber effort in the trio in the second act, which was very well deserved. Signor Verdi, as usual, was encored for his artistic rendering of the serenade song. PROFESSOB PEPPEB'S ENTEBTAINHENT.—On Friday night there was a large attendance at Professor Pepper's entertainment at Garner's Theatre. The usual programme was varied by a most interesting experiment with a diamond, The precious stone, which was supplied by Mr, Hay, jeweller, was burnt in oxygen, to show that it is really combustible and pure carbon after all. While the diamond was burning it emitted a beautiful rose- coloured light, and in every respect the experiment was highly successful. The wonderful ghost was afterwards exhibited, also the spectral sketches of Cupid and the love-letter and the lovers and the umbrella, besides the shadow pantomime and views of Afghanistan. Photographs of special illusions, taken by Mr. Dobson's instantaneous apparatus, were distributed amongst the audience, and those who go to the entertainment to-night are promised a similar gift. The Professor gives his last performance in Adelaide this evening, and the programme contaiess some special attractions. MILITABY DEMONSTRATION.—In cur advertising columns will be found the programme of the sports to take place at the military de' monstration on New Tear's Day at Gawler. " BENEFIT CONCEBT.—A vocal and instrumental concert is to be given in the Albert Hall, this afterneoD, for the benefit of the people connected with the Theatre Royal who have been ill for a considerable time past. Mr. Harcourt Lee, R.A.M., will act as musical director, and the following ladies and gentlemen will take part in the proceedings:—Madame Rose Hersee. Madame Robertson, Mr. Armes Beaumont, Mr. G. Verdi, Mr. O. H. Templeton Mr. C. E. Mumme, Signor Savrini, and the male members of the Opera Chorus. yg PEDE6TBIANI6M. — Mr. W. Edwards, the champion long-distance walker of Australia, arrived by the Aldinga yesterday, and intends to give a public exhibition of his powers towards the end of next week. THE TOWK HALL CONCERTS.—To-night the first of the three concluding popular concerts will be given in the Town Hall, onder the direction of Mr. George Oughton. On the present occasion Mr. Onghton will be assisted by the Military Band, by the Adelaide Dentscher Quartette Verein, by the Swedish Trio, and also by several well-known Iady£iand gentleman vocalists, amongst which we notice the name of Miss Minna Fischer. The proceeds arising from these concerts are to be devoted towards the erection of a rotunda in some public place for the convenience of a band. ADELAIDE ABCHERT CLUB.—Members of the above club are notified elsewhere that the second prize meeting will be held to-day at Medindie. COMPTRMENTA BY BENEFIT TO MB. FLHHMHTG.— On Friday next a complimentary benefit will be tendered by several ladies and gentlemen to Mr. Herbert Flemming, the popular actor, at the Academy of Music. The performance is under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor, His Honor the Chief Justice, and other gentlemen. 