^timfimt. JUST AS I AM. BY MISS'BRADDON, Author of 'lady AudCetfs Secret? M Taken at the Mood? -«? A Strange World? «? Dead Men's Shoes? *J Weavers and Weft? #-?., #-?. {Published bj special arrangement wi& the Author, Ail rights reserved.] Chapter L.—' There was no Thought op Fatb Play then' (Continued!. SirEveTard had risen, and stood with Ids 'back' to the hearth, by which he had spent so many lonely hours, his arms folded on his breast. Duleie stood beside him, one hand resting on his shoulder, as if even by that light touch, she would assure him of her loving sympathy. ' I met your father surrounded with his friends, but false as he was he could not face me with the old familiar smile. Per haps he expected that I should let loose my passion then and there, and make my self a spectacle for the men who knew him and me, and who may have guessed some thing of our relations. If this were his idea he was disappointed. I held my peace all day — along, slow day — during which lie and I were often riding near each other. I was biding my time ; meaning always to overtake him on the road home, and settle the reckoning between us—somehow. I had no deliberate plan of vengeance; but A meant to punish him. I was as willing -Jo fling away my own life as I was deter mined to tTy for his, I had no thought of murder, but I wanted the life which by every law of honor it was mine to claim. * The days of duelling were past,' you will say, perhaps. I answer, 'No.' The ri^ht of a man against the friend who ha3 betrayed Mm, against the traitor who has corrupted his wife, can never ceaae whUe . the word, honor has. any meaning In the minds of meru' V . ; He paused for a few moments, exhausted by the passion with which he '. had spoken these last words; .but neither of his listeners broke. the silence, and he went on presently in lower and more deliberate tones. - . - ???„. ; .: ? Ul overtook him in the twilight, a little way from the -pollard oak by which he was found. I led my horse for some distance after I passed the cross roads, and I stopped on the way to pluck a stake out of a hedge— a heavy, murderous- looking stake— with a shairjglf -pointed' end.'. Vargas's coun sel hit the right nail on the head when he tried to show a distinction between a blow from a cudgel and from a stake. When I had provided myself with this weapon I mounted my hors^' and roiie sharply after you? iather,r(whp j was, T walking jus horse, lazily along in front of irie' , ' You must have meant to , murder him when you tore up that stake,' said Morton. ' I meant 4so ikill him, fairly ;or -foully; It was for him to choose the manner of his death.. I':overiookrliim,:andr seined 'any i horse tip ^ife^de7~3?here^^no-iQeed-for ; me' ifo tepeat our cbriyer^atipri., He'Eed^to . me ihrough thick and thin at first, as I sup-; pose men always do in such cases. When he found Iwas not to be hoodwinked be turned guHeri and defied me ; told me that my wife had been sold to me— an innocent sacrifice— that there, was, less guilt in her loving him than in her pretending to lpye me, told me that he should go on^loving her as long as Mer heart beat, that he would never give her up, that I jnightaiB well ^o Infor a divorce at once. He had made up/his mind to stake heraway from me; Would he go over to Belgium with me to-night and^neet me to-morrow at Blackenbuig? ISa*: Ten thousand times bo.- Me would give in.3 , nothing butiegat feajSsf action.. A^yorca ?was tiiie only way|,put of bur difficulty, fls had the audacity ip^peak to ;me in his old manner, as if we had been friends without. a«loud between MB.- 'Look this thing in the face,jEveraJ-d,? he BaidU * Be Reasonable. We ?hay^?^lb6^?^^^e??a?:lnesscM:!:mff^^^i^; but other people are to blfttne for it. Thera 3B onJy,onf.T-wBy; put -rjof it.' -*5!'pu are. wrong,' Jcriedj f There is another way!' and I caught him by ; the^collar and swung Mm jouod'jn ibis saddle, 3 Then the i devil got hold of us bothi*ad we fought likedevils, font mj:irag^ -;w^-s^i^r'tfiaii''-iiSB.. 'He would have comprisedmattere, and thought iimeejf h&ppy; with my cast-ofE jrite., I wanted nothing- but jrevenge. *Qo you mean to~ Mil *ne ? 'iie/gasped, when I had struck him acroee the head with the stake. He apuck .jit^xVluBs'^iti^^ie' ^ oaheVol tjjs hunting .wliip^ i)ut I caught; it and t wififced it ont of Mb hand, f iHin I had him at my mer^ reeling ia4 his saddle, ghastly white, wili a al^dwiivulet , of blood tricHing andifor the Imi jpm$X3el$ Jnypel? a inur derer. There was no thought of fair play the^no thought of life against life. I wanted only to MU him! I thirsted for Ms blood J I JJBtruck liim on the head for the second time with all the might of my arm. He dropped sideways oS Ms horse, and the animal shot away through Blatchmardean wood, swift as a stag in its Sight. I dis mounted and knelt by your father's side, and laid my hand upon his breast, wasting for what I had no expectation of finding, some sign that life was not extinct. He was quite dead ; that last&blow; had been fatal. I dragged him to Me ditch and laid him there among the weeds and rushes, and then mounted my horse, jumped the hedge, and rode off across country, God knows where, as if Satan haft been hunting me. Three or four hours of purposeless wander ing, and then I went home, in time to hear my wife accuse me of her lover's murder, and to see her die, loving him and hating me! That, Morton Blake, is the history of my crime. If you want a life for a life you have but to denounce me. The evidence you have pieced together may be strong enough to hang me, in spite of all that has gone before.' ' No? answered Morton, after a pau33, ' I shall not betray you, Six months ago I felt so strongly upon this matter tha,t I should have been capable of the most desperate step. I would have saerified my own happiness, Dulcie's even, to avenge my father's death. But I have learned to think differently. He, too, was a sinner — his sin bore its bitter fruit. I shall never lame at him less — never feel less execration for the crime that cut short his life^r-but his murderer's death on the gallows 'would not make his last rest more peaceful, his hope of pardon and heaven more secure. You are safe, Sir Everard, from any future pursuit of mine. But you had better do something to silence Vargas's daughter, who has gone back to America broken hearted because she could not clear her father's name from the stain of a crime he never committed. ' 1 will do whatever it may be in my power to do for her,' answered Sir Everard, quietly. 'Good night, Duleie/' said Morton,~gently pressing his old love's icy hand. .. V Come what may I shall always think of you with affection.' And so he left them alone ^ogether, father and daughter, no gulf between them now, reunited, united in spirit for ever by perfect confidence and love. Chapter LL— Lizzie's Failure. Lizzie Hardman found that the entrance to her new career as a nursing sister was not free from difficulty. She had, first and foremost, to produce testimonials to cha racter and capacity, and the obtaining of this from Miss Blake and Mr. Jebb'oecu pied time. Then, when she had proved her respectability to the satisfaction of the Lady Superintendent of the home which she wished to enter, she had to go through a preliminary course of hospital nursing, her duties being of the humblest, hardest Mnd, in order to prepare her for the higher grade to which she aspired. This hospital work was to last a month, during which time Miss Hardman, as a day-nurse, would be allowed to sleep at the house in Milton street. She began her work bravely ; but, despite her enthusiasm, the work proved much more arduous, much more painful, than she bad anticipated. Hitherto her life had been spent among familiar faces— she liad enjoyed the consideration and respect of her little world. There had been thorns in her cushion at the Manor House, but all the cottagers whose wants she administered to round- and about Tangley had honored her as Miss Blake's adopted daughter, and as the medium through which they received Miss Blake's bounty. She had never gone anywhere empty-handed, and she had always been sure of her welcome. But in this big city hospital wherenobody knew her or cared for her, how different life seemed. The doctors were always in a hurrv when they came in contact with her. jj^They 'spoke curtly f they took no inr terest w her work-— -they treated her as a machine. Then the cases were so various and complicated, the suffering around her was so terrible, that soul and sense sickened as she felt how little ihe could do to help jyt to comfort. It had been one thing to sit beside a dying peasant's bed in some quiet cottage chamber, listening to his hopeful talk about the better land to which he was journeying, but' it' was another thing, to look along the dreary ward where pain-; tortured creatures were ready to curse Qod in their agony, while disease in its most hideous form disgusted the eye: that would fain have expressed only sympathy. Lizzie had put her hand to the : plough, and she meant to persevere ; - . : but there, were times when her courage failed .utterly, when she walked wearily home to Milton-street with & heart heavy as lead,.and shut] herself in her little room— the roomwhich. she shared with -Jessie— tp\ shed bitter tears pyexher; weakness and incapacity! \ : . . . _ 'I am afraid it is not in me,' she said to herself sometimes in these moments, of de spondency. '? But X'm^tgp on. Tovjjfaii; nowwouldlje too contemptible. I should; despise myself for, my cowardly weakness.'. She could have! borne the trials of her daily life Better, psrhaps, if she could have shutout of her mind all memory of the past. But unhappily that past was Tin her mind.; Her soul yearned for her lost home as Eve may haye yearned- for the Eden she had forfeited for ever. In the sultry, sickly August days, amid the 'crime and, foulness of the great overgrown manufac ; turing town, Lizzie's fancy returned to the cpol shrubberies, the velvet lawn at Tangley, to the sweet companionship, the : sympathy and guidance of her one devoted friend. ,Yet she had jjo right to complain of being shut put of that paradise ; she had left it of her own free will £ she had re fused to -go back, ^pr even to make any compromise with .the situation, when Aunt Pora-jameto;fe^^i1©r«v : .. : : ;;[v? '1 ' i'J^j^t icp^d. iido/iphe asked , herself ; . sometimes. /? To Jiave gone back would baye teento laymyself pp«n to the impu- ; tatien of having only acted a part, I must justify, the step I took in my anger that day. Imustehpw those cruel girls th^,t lean live JajifiyP-Mte' .-: t c^uld jiot go back without; . forfeMingmjfijBUr-respect,'' ,..„.; wi , L '*? Self-respect. Thatjwas the idol she had set up W herself. A stern exacting deity, who had io be propitiated by the sacrifice of her- heart's tenderestfeeUngs, and who gave, her yery little in return,; When the ha^eet jnoon glorified the dinginess of Miltqn-sta-eet, when the ^ breath of harvest was in. the very air , of Tangley, poor Lizzie i^at at her .bedroom window i late into the nighj, jwatchjrig the light clouds drifting across the. round gold moon, And thinking how the ^same soft light was shining on Tangley comm«n, ^nd the far away glimpse |-f guttering water; and the calm expanse of stubble and meadow rising and falling in gentle undulations to the base of distant hills. 'I'm afraid I shall have to run away from my work,' she thought, in her de spondency, feeling health and energy ebbing away day 'by day, till each day the allotted task became more difficult, the vitiated atmosphere more stifling. ' I shall die if I stay in this horrid town.' And then she thought that if she found herself actually incapable of the career she had planned, she would advertise in the local paper for the situation of national schoolmis tress in some quiet village, where she might nurse the sick iu her own way, and where health and strength, and the power to work, would come back to her in the pure air and cjiuiet rustic life. But she had not broken down yet, and she meant to struggle on so long as success seemed possible. 'Only when my strength utterly fails will I give up/' sb e said to herself. Her relations $±w the gradual change in her, and saw that the hospital work was doing her harm. Mrs. Hardman remon strated vehemently. . ' I never did see such nonsense as a young woman turning her back on a com fortable home, where she was quite the lady, to moil and toil in a hospital, bring ing home small-poxes and typhoid fevers to her family.' ' If you are afraid of that, aunt, I can get a lodging,' answered Lizzie, meekly. 'Who said I was afraid?' exclaimed her aunt, somewhat inconsistently. ' I ain't a sof t-roed one. But for all that you might find something better to do with your life than mixing poultices and rubbing in lenemens. If you must do something for your living why not join Jess in the dress making business ? Yo'u must be tasty after having lived all your life with gentlefolks ; and with her machine you might both do splendid.' Lizzie did not attempt to explain to her aunt that it was a philanthropic career, and not mere money earning upon which she had set her heart, lest that severely practical matron should ridicule the idea. *( I think I had a knack for sick-nursing, aunt,' she said, ' and I'm sure I have no taste for dressmaking.' tl Why, didn't you make ike gown you've got on*r'J ; T ' Yes ; but I couldn't sit at work alHay, as Jessie does. It would drive me mad, I think.' fi That's because you ain't used to it,'' Lizzie went on till nearly the end of her probation. She had worked so well and ha I shown herself so skilful and intelligent, that the Lady Superior of the Home to which she wished to be admitted had gladly accepted her services. She was to finish her work in the hospitals in a few days, and was to take up her abode in the Home, which was a fine, old-fashioned house, in a dull, oid-fashioned street in . that deserted quarter of Blackford, where, a hundred years ago, members of parliament, wealthy bankers, and justices of the peace had made their abode. The change from the close quarters of Milton-street to the spacious, airy rooms at the Home would be a welcome one, and Lizzie was looking forward to it with pleasure, though she had grown honestly attached to her family, whose goodheartedness went as far as -virtue can go to atone for extreme vulgarity. She was, as it were, on the very threshold of her new life ; and] she felt proud of having held on through all difficulties, and of having conquered at last, when she went home from the hospital one evening with a wracking headache. She had suffered a good deal from headache lately, but this pain in her head was unusually severe. She was half blind with the agony of her throbbing temples, and groped her way along the familiar streets and lanes as if she had been walking in a November fog. Her - limbs were so heavy that she could scarcely crawl along ; ; and it was with the utmost difficulty that she dragged herself to Milton street, hoping all the time that some stray cab would pass . her way so that she could . get herself driven home. But no cab ap peared... Milton-street was out of the beat of such, luxuries, and she was obliged to get home without help. ' Why, Lizzie, child, you look that - .bad !' cried Mrs. Hardman, who was sitting on her favorite stool, reading one of those thrilling aerials which beguiled her leisure with lofty fancies. -f You've been looking like a ghost, more or less, for the last fort hright, but you look ever ao much worse to night/' ??;.-.??: ' I have rather a bad headache,' Lizzie admitted, feebly, as she sank upon the frayed, old horse-hair couch, which gave to the kitchen something of the luxury of a firawingioom. ; - \- ' Bilious, I daresay,7 said Mrs. Hardman. i'Have a Cockle.' : ' No, thank you, aunt.' '.'.-.: [ ' Have a cup of tea, then ? I stood the pot on the oven top a purpose for you^and there's a nice bit of cake in the oven.' ' ' I couldn't take anything, aun t, not even ; tea. I think I'll go to bed.' ; - She rose to leave the room, but staggered, and would have fallen without her aunt's aid. Mrs. Hardman assisted her upstairs and put her to bed as if she had been a little child ; and when Polly's young man came in presentlyhe was sent straight off for the hospital doctor, who had been most con cerned in Lizzie's work. He came that evening, and the next day, and on jmany days and evenings during which Lizzie lay helpless and prostrate, in the stuffy little 'bedroom where the sewing machine 'pursued its noisy career, and where Jessie divided herself between her duties as nurse and dressmaker. Happily for the family in Milton-street, it was neither smallpox nor typhoid which had stricken 'poor Lizzie. It 'was none of those fatal -scourges rat whose name poor humanity trembles. .The. girl had only broken down under a strain which she was unable to bear. With depressed spirits and desponding soul she had tried to do work which required all -the vigor And vivacity of a happy nature and a hopeful mind; and she had fallen under a burden too heavy for her Weakness. ; : Those distracting thoughts about Tangley —that unconquerable longing for the home she had left — had affected her as the love of country affects a Swiss peasant. She had 1 sickened for the lost home, and was nigh to death.- 5 ^ 1 She had been feverish in the early part of her illness, but never out of her senses ; and when -Mrs. Hardman suggested that Jessie should write and tell Miss Blake of her sister's illness, lizzie entreated that bo such fetter might be written. . _ . ; . I The doctor does not say that I'm in any danger, dees he?' she asked. 'Lord, no, my dear,' answered her aunt, energetically.. t( No fear of that. You're very low, and he says it'll take you a long time to get round, and that you'll never be strong enough for this sick nnrsing fad of yours. It is not within the compass of. your constitution1, he' says, so you'd better give that up at once.' ? ' , .. 'Yes, I fear I must give it up— just as I had learned the work, and was going to begin my career. It is very hard. I shall try and get a situation in a village school. I' have done a good deal of teaching at Tangley, and I know what the work .is.' 'Don't you bother about schools nor nothing tilfyou're strong. Here's our Poll wants to be married early next month, and for you to go with her and Jim to the sea side for their honeymoon. He'll only be able to get a week's holiday ; bi^IjTOu, can get a good blow of sea air in. a wl$lfl|%ndifc will do you a world of good.'. *' It is very kind of Polly, but she ought not to be burdened with an invalid sister during her honeymoon.' ' ( She won't think you no burden. Ain't she your own sister 1 Blood's thicker than water, you know.' 'I think I had better go somewhere with Jessie if I am obliged to have change of air,' said Lizzie, with a faint sigh. She was wondering how long her little stock of money wouldhold out, and whether she could afford the' luxury of a seaside trip with Jessie. She had insisted upon paying her Aunt Hardman a -pound a week for her maintenance ; although that hospi-':, table matron would willingly have -fed- and1-' lodged her gratis. She had spent a little' money in fees at the hospital, ^ind the' five and-twenty pounds with which she had left Tangley were reduced by about half. AM now she was having strong beef tea and other things which must cost money, and it would be her duty to pay Mrs. Hardman more than a pound a week for this period of illness. - ' I am afraid you are spending a great deal of money for me,' she said, one day,' when her aunt brought her a glass of public house port, which was thick and slab, and.' tastedlike elderberry wine enriched with the juice of a damson tart. *' You've no call to worry about that, child. Your uncle ain't so poor that he can't afford a bottle of good ^Id-port for his niece. I daresay if you'd let me write to Miss Blake she'd send you nn 'amper of * of wine. But you must have your own way.' ?? ?' ' : : - ' 'Thank you, dear aunt. I'd rather be: under an obligation to you than to Miss Blake, dearly as I love her. When I left Tangley I made up my mind to fight the battle of life -without any help from rich friends.' Lizzie was nearly three weeks confined to her bed, and when she was strong enough to get up again and lie on the sofa in the parlor, she looked like the shadow of her former self. It was useless to think of taking a situation yet awhile, it would be a week or two before she could be strong enough for the change of air which the doctor declared indispensable to her recovery. She could only lie on her sofa and read a little, and think a great deal, and look forward wonderingly to a future that was wrapped in shadows. Aijd now August was nearly ended, and the Blackford election was in f ull progress. The great, busy, overgrown town was in a state of profound excitement, a fever which penetrated even as far as quiet Milton street. Party feeling jan high, and there was a kind of infection of opinion in the air, which people caught unawares. Men and women who had no political opinions at any other time became suddenly vehe ment and even angry partisans. Coster mongers who herded in the vilest alums of the town declared themselves good old Tories, and proclaimed^ their intention of shedding their blood, if needful, for Church and State and an hefeditkry peerage. The virulent Radical and the hardened. Con servative met on the common ground of the public house and the chandler's shop. Women paused at -their wash-tubs with arms akimbo to give ^utterance to their views as to how the- country should ^be governed. Men who had never invested a five pound note aired , fcheir theories about consols and other. Government securities. Everybody concurred in the one leading idea, that the country was going to ruin, and that a thorough change, was required in all the existing institutions. : '.;??? '.''.. : Lizzie, sitting in an arm chair by: the open window of the. Milton- street parlor, too weak to, venture out ;of .doors, was dependent. upon her kindred and the news-; papers for all information about the election. But her interest in its progress was intense. She had read every line of the reports »f meetings held here and there, by this party or that. ; She read .all, Morton's speeches ; twice over, weighing, their effect upon -lus hearers. She read all that, had been said by the. rival candidate, in order that, she might be: able to estimate the strength of MortoB's.opponent. Her:, brother . William brought her tidings of how things ywere going. He was able to tell her .how the current of popular opinion was setting, and what chance Morton had. ' I think he'll get in,' said.William, who was an advanced Liberal. But Polly's young man was a stanch Conservative, attached, to the oldestab lished paper, which had begun its career fifty years ago as a sixpenny weekly, and had reluctantly transformed itself into a penny daily when Mr. Gladstone abolished the paper duty. Polly's young man opined that Morton had a very poor chance. He would not give a twenty pound note for his chance. ' And though there's mo ench thing as bribery now-a-days, his election will cost him a pot of money/' said- the printer's Teader. -?? ?-'?? 'I don't think -heTl care about the money,' answered Lizzie, with a sigh. ' Is he so monstrously rich ?' 'I believe he has three or four thousand a year, and he is not particularly fond of moEey.'/; '?? '?? = 'Egad, I shouldn't mind spending a thousand or two if I had -such an income as that to fall back upon. But I believe bis election will cost him three or four thousand, t heard that his agent said he would have bis own way and do things as he likes this time— that it was Mr. Blake's folly in setting his face against treating and jBuch like that lost the election at Highclere : last winter.' ' Dp yon know where M» Blake is stay insf P' asked Lizzie. ?. , i 'Ob, at the Royal, of course. These men of the people always put up at the best hotel, and lire on the fat of the land.' 'If you knew Mr. Blake as well as I do, you would know how little he cares about the fat of the land,' said Lizzie with a faint smile. ; . She wondered a little that Morton had not come to see her. He must know from Miss Blake where she was living, and it would have cost him very little trouble to put himself into a cab and be driven to Milton-street. To see him only for a few. minutes, to hear how his work was pros pering, and to hear from his own lips that he was interested in her new life — how sweet it would have been to her. Was it. not rather unkind of him who had called himself her adopted brother to be so near and yet not come to see her — more es pecially when she was so interested in his political career, and when it had been in some measure through hefipersuasion that he had allowed himself to Denominated for' Blackford. ' Perhaps he is offended with me for leaving Tangley just when I was beginning to be useful to him,' she thought, 'f-or peT haps those cruel girls have said something that has set him against me altogether. Oh, if they wsare to make him believe that when I was his nurse and amanuensis' I' was trying to catch him for a husband, how he would despise me — fiow I should loathe my life if I knew there was such an idea in his mind.' - :...?.?: ; The fancy that this was possible tor mented her cruelly during those eventful1 d&ys; of the election. It .was better, per haps, she argued with herse^,' that she should not see Morton — better for herown. peace, since it must be the chief effort of her mind to forget how dear iie had been to her ; yet it was unkind Of j him not to come ; and it-1 was runlike Morton to be un kind. ?-? '-' -1- , ? .'??'???; '-'' -u/; ' /:;.''''V'; And nOw came the decisive day on whiclr the result of the balloting was to be made known. Every vehicle ; in Blackford had- been brought into use for ihe occasion, and1, the tagrag andbobtail of the place were dis^ porting themselves in coaches. Flags were [ flying, drums beating, thejoybelte of half a-ldozen churches' pealing with .distracting' vivacity. To Lizzie, sittingby^the windo;w, witn her weary head supported by/pillbws,1; and an unread novel lying in her lap, this day seemed the longest in her life. T Mrs. , Hardman was the only member of the family who made any pretence of staying at ' home ; and even' she spent r half the day gossiping at the little general shop oyertfop way, or at the milkman's round, the corner/ The clamor of the bells was almost madden ing. Were they ringing in Morton or his opponent ? They -would peal fust as joy-: ously for one as for the other. 'I hope he will not be disappointed a second time,' thought Lizzie. ** He has hidj so much sorrow within the last year,' _' . The poliing-place Was a long way from Milton-street. Mrs. Hardman -brought in stray scraps of intelligence, but they were1 of a totally irrelevant character, and were of no use to lizzie. How much Morton's opponent was supposed to have spent upon' bribing one particular foundry ; how he had given his bespeak to the theatre, and Mr. Montmorency was to act Claude Mel notte, with a new Pauline brought ex- ' presely from the Surrey Theatre, .London, for the occasion. Lizzie longed for her brother's return from wort; He would, know the result of the. election. 'She lan guished for a visit from Polly's young man, even though he was politiciaily unfriendly* to Morton. But there was i no hope of either of them , appearing before seVenl o'clockr And the longrblank^ay, witft its clamor of^church bells, hung heavily on Lizzie's dejected soul. ,. -..;:? -i : At five Mrs. Hardman brought some tea/ and thin bread _and butter, with water-; cressesj all 'neatly' and daintily arranged; to! tempt an invalid. :i- :;i:x - ;- ' How good you are toPine^ aunt,' said! Lizzie, looking up-ather^ gratefully; ?- u ' JMy dear, JTdo my best,, but this must sjsem a poor place to. you alter ;that: there-. Manor 'ouse.- - You didn't ought to have come away. And to see the wreck you are. It's enough to make anybody cry to. lcok at you. You look ten years bidet than you did the night you came froni -the ; country;^ and that pinched f and wah^I' cjan't think what you've done with your~ good looks.' ' . ; ; This was meant Mndly- but it was not ! comforting.1 Vanity had never been Lizzie's vice, and she was able to smile at her aunt's speech. r . ...-?''? '?'?-' ;r'\ ? °- \ 'j-?i t ?? My looks woh't-matter when -I* am a national school teacher, ^auntv and perhaps I may get on all the bettor if people tiiink me older than I am.' ^ ; .:?:;.;- l : 'Peirhaps yoiL'wilV njy dear. ? Yotfye ? set your heart on a queer sort of lifey andH it's no use trying to; argue you. but of yo^f ' ^ancy. All I can say is that^ Piovidencer had given -me good friends and a gpoda home I shouldn't'have toot and Tan away from them;' '?'-'- ? _? ? '-'' 's- ?'-'? :~I:- '? ?'?-?'^i- 'Ybu know the bldLproverb,vannt. aNo one but the person who has to wear it can tell where the shoe pinches.' s ' That's feue^ child. Isuppose your shoe pinched somewhere. But never mindnow. Take your tea, like a dear/' ? .-....-?; ...; : ' EefresHed by her first cup of , tea, Lizzie . rose from her chair and went over to; the chimneyrpiece to look at her reflection in the cheap .glass, above it. She wanted to see if she were indeed so much changed as ter aunt said she was-r-if ^he had- lost all pretension to good looks.! .Ll :/. 1^;:. : Yes, Mrs.' Hardman was, quite right. All the brightness jandt freshness was gone from her face. Pinched [cheeks, hollow eyes, a pallid complexion were reflected;, in the looking-glass, no flatterer at the best of times. ? ? . , ' : ? -j j. .-'.^i ??,:.? \- 'Perhaps I ought to be glad that Morton ? did not come to see me,' sne said to herself w^ ' He would have been disgusted at my altered, looks. And what would he have thought of this poor little room, with its * cheap, vulgar fiurniture, and the Aftenioon sun glaring -in- upon Ji, after tixe shady drawing-room at Tangley ?' Yes, it is 'better: for me that Jbe has kept aloof. I have gone but of his life for ever. Anything that took my mind back to the past, would make me more Jniserable than I ani.' : .ri-, is. \ She closed her eyes, exhausted by the; long anxious day, her brain addled by that 1 continuous ringing of beilfl. She let her head fall -back upon the jpJUow, and sank into a, gentle doze, seothed by the , warmtiEi of the western Bull. It was the most jc©^ freshing sleep ahe had enjoyed for a long, time, andniluinber in which her fancies wandered away from Bktckferdi into Hie? puralj3ceneiy of hejpastJife.:/ She aeeined ito have been sleeping for a long whilei-rto : Shave lived ,a lifetime in dreamland, when ^he sudden openiojg of ike door awoke her, and she started up, flushed with sleep, ez claiming, 'Is he elected, William,? 1& 'i Mr. Blake elected?' V i Her back was turned to the door, but it was nearjfche usual iour of Jier brpflier'Sj^^ coming home,' and she'had' no ^doubt that* it was he. .. ' i ' Yes,' answered a voice just behind her , chair/' Morton Blake is member for Black- ,' ford, and he has come to 'tell^ypu ofa .^ success which, he owes in a great measure ^j to you.' ; ; [ ', ?';'*:??-?/: i It was Morton's voice. Morton, not un- r r grateful or forgetful, -flgaft standing beside [ (ToUetmtiimfd.l l,l~-\\-. . ioj-lv.-j'-* — r 