: ?-'?. .AMUSE^ENfai' '? Anyone possessed of the least sensibility, or sovretit taste; on witnessing Drink, the drama adapted from L'Assommoir, produced on Saturday evening last at the Thoatro Koyal, must have instinctively exclaimed, . 'i?min all such French ? importations, good Lord deliver us.1' Anvtliin'- moro remilsivo to Gvcrv notion of ordinary decency or dramatic propriety could hardly be produced on the stage,-aud tho fact of dubbing it a great moral drama is 3imply equivalent to making. tho devil quote holy Scripture. Moral, forsooth ! Where lies theinoral in an hone3t workman, for no other re'ason 'apparently than that he is sober, faluiig from a. scaffold and' fracturiiig his leg '; fo? his acquiring;: owing to the advice of his medical atteiiddnt.a taste for intoxicating liquors, and perishing ultimately from the cffectB of delirium Ircmcrisj Where lies the moral of a woman with virtuous inclinations rbehig dragged down to th'o_ depths of wretchedness and infamy for.no fault of hers, but rather owing -'.to a series oE misfortunes over tho course of which she had no-oontrol ? Where is the; lesson taught by a vile woman living luxuriously upon the fruits of her shame hunting to death one of her own box because of a petty quarrel, gloating over the misery of her victim, and then being done to death by her husband for her infidelity ?. Ifc may bo urged in reply that the picture bo realistically presented by Mr. Hamilton of a drunkard's death must act as a deterrent to those iu the habit of uobblerisiiig. The theory that the sight of punishments inflicted has a conectivo influence upon the mind has long been exploded. At one timo public executions wore deemed an essential feature of the niaclii nery of the law for the reclamation of the criminal classes. The spectacle of » human creature strangled ia public wo3 found to have quite the opposite effect. It rendcreil tlie vicious more hardened in tlieir crimes, and made the young and unsophisticated cynical and indifferent to the value of human life. In tho Bame way thoao dramatio spectacles de signed for sensational purposes blunt the feel ings aud indurate tho her.rt,- thus robbing til© incidents of real life of all their terror, often their solemn and tremendous significance. Managers will say the public like thoso dis gusting exhibitions and must have them. So much tho worse, eay vco, for all concerned. Drink deals with tho lowest type of Parisians, both men and women. In iho Mysteries of Paris/ Eugene Sue, while piling horrors upon horrors, and with unsparing hand exposing the shocking depravity of tho cluss depicted, redeemed the awful picture by occasional glimpses of sunshino iu the portraiture of name of his characters who remained pure, affectionate and faithful amongst the iniquities surrounding them. Not so Monsieur Zola, who seem:i to revel in tarring all those who people his fancy with the sainu brush excepting a lay temperance preacher, whom the dramatist re wards by mr.rryins him— at least that much may be gleaned from the play, «'e .think—to oneor the moat unfortunate of her sex. No doubt; tho play is calculated to act powerfully upon tho mind. This seems to bo the secret of its success. But the question is, does it exerciso a wlioia Homo influence. Wu should bo disposed w nnestion it. In tho nrst ac^ tw0 women of the lowest class quarrel about a loafer, and fight it out in ft public washhouse. They fight in real earnest, as only women of the tigor specie's can. They .souse each other with hot suds, tear each other's hair, pummel and scratch each other, and when one succumbs the victor flagellates her fallen opponent with a beetling stick. This constitutes the scene and tableau of the first act. These, we are to suppose, point a moral as well as adorn .a drama. In the next the interior of a 1'aris restaurant serves to intro duce the remaining characters. In the third the audience is treated to the spectacle of a roan falling from a scaffolding, three stories in height. The fourth act represents the cafe with the ominous signL'Assomraoir, where the wretched Coupeau is being induced to driuk eix glasses of brandy in six seconds. In the next act he passes through all tho demoniacal phases of dying, mad from drink; the sixth and last act appropriately winding up with a double murder. Gervoise (Mrs. Bates) is made to appear a young woman with fairly good instincts, and if it were not that she is made to participate in the wash-house row the sympathies of tho audience would have been aroused on her behalf. . La Virginie (Miss Flora Anstead) is of a truly French type. No fiend could surpass her in vindictiveness, cruelty, cynicism and sensuality. Her defeat at the hands of Gcrvaise evokes a spirit of vengeance, which serves to bring about and hang together tho various incidents of the piece. La Virginio is aware that the scaffold ing before her house is unsafe, and she has been told to warn anyone from ascending it, tut she allows the huBband of Gervaiso to go, with tho result that he falls and narrowly escapes being killed. She assists in tempting Coupeou, who is simply a weak-minded man, into drinking! to excess, sending him a bottle of brandy when he is suffering from want o£ food, thus precipitating his misorable cud. The climax of her yillany is reached when Bhe glories in tho fallen creature whom she had driven to dishonorand ruin of bodvandsoul. Both partB were well rendered, especially that of Virginie by Miss Anstead. She threw the requisite amount of intensity into the several scene3 in which she appears without any ap proach to exaggeration. Her acting was like tho cold iron hand concealed beneath mnooth soft velvet, crushing and killing silently but surely. Like an Indian in pursut of an enemy, she follows the track of her victim noiselessly and with unnatural composure, dealing blow after blow .with an imperturbability that pro claims not the remotest approach to pity or one soft or tender feeling. Itis not to bo won dered at that the audience, worked up ? to excitement by her representation, should have been loud in their demon strations of abhorrence. Mrs. Bates has got into the whining groove. She fails to arouse sufficient sympathy oven in some very telling situations. She had fine scope too for - appealing -'.to the sensibilities of her audience,' ' especially whore . her husband, in the ^height of his delirium, recognises her, and for tho moment is brought back to his sense of her presence and that of his little child. She, woman-like,, seeks to comfort the unhappy man, and: he folds her in his arms, but the lucid interval is only for a miuute, ' for tho paroxysm returns and he rushes to precipitate himself from the window. At the same time it would be unjust not to give Mrs. Bates tho credit of acting with. discrimination and ability in many of the scenes,' particularly whero she sinks exhausted in the street during the snowstorm. Mr. Theo. Hamilton's simulation of delirium tremens was painfully and startingly realistic, without being pushed beyond tho limits of nature. The. ex- pression of the. features convulsed by terror, the crouching attitude, the nervous twitching of the fingers in tho effort to beat back the pursuing demons, the gradual transitions from a sense of delicious pleasure as the brandy courses through his veins in the first instanco -and'thp.terrilip/Spasrns that seize him* when tho . drink begins to , tell upon his vitals, all these phases of wild insanity were reproduced with a minuteness and fidelity sufficient to make tho very boldest shudder. The minor . parts were very creditably! filled. Little Miss Russell makes the cleverest and the most .win some: little . creature that wo have- ever seen upon, the stage. Miss Kate Poley played with her characteristic ability. As Gbuget Mr. Carey was excollent ; and in tho ungrateful part of Lantier Mr. Appleton was. all that could be desired. Mr.' Oily Deering was irresistibly amusing as Mes- Bottes, and Mr. llolloway commendablo as Poisson. The drama was well mounted, and several of tho scenes were admirable in their way. A splendid house and a brilliant perfonn anco were once the characteristic features of the entertainments provided by Mr. Lyster at the Opera House ; now they seem exceptional, and, like angelic visitations, few and far be tween. On Saturday evening, however, the house was filled to inconvenience, the attraction being Kossini's ever-welcome and delicious opera of II Barbiero. The engage ment of Signor Cellaj and Signer Barili proved . a marked success, whilo Madame Rose Horace quite eclipsed all her previous performances, Carmen not exceptod, in tho charming part of Kosina. It was the first time she appeared in the part, and certainly it speaks volumes for her industry, her aptitude and rare talents that the should have gone through tho ordeal so triumphantly. We aro disposed to think that Madame Horace's abilities have been only very partially 'tested during the season, and that her energies have been frittered away in the drudgery of repetitions of minor compositions of the tame cat school instead of being directed mto new, more suitable and certainly more ! lucrative channels. Humor has it that Mr. Lyster U not responsible for the falling off in tho spirit that formenly distinguished tho management. It is *aid that the proprietary is to blame for the excessive frugality observed for some time past. However, Saturday evening's attendance should show them that the musical public will never fail to patronise what is really good, . and that if they do run after the juvenile Pinafore aud give a preference for mock turtle, it is because they are unable to (jet the genuine article at all times. The Chiiriea of Normandy, or as it is better known, Les Cloche3, deCorneville, was produced at the Opera House on Monday to a full house. The light sparkling music of tue opera received ample justice at the hauds of tho select orchestra under '?'o able conduetorahip of Signor ? Zel raan.''Tho opera opens with good effect, with a chorus of ladies, All Who 1-W Servants. Madame Hemiio appeared in tho character of Sernblclto to excellent advantage. She Bang They Say, ? with chorus accompaniment, and afterwards I May Be a Princess, very prettily. The quarrel scene and laughing chorus were well performed. Tho barcarole, On Billow Hocking, introduced Mr. H. Vernon as Greni cheux. This gentleman not only sang but played his part all through successfully. Miss Helen Gordon was the next to appear, as Germaine, her first effort being a duet with Mr. Yernon. She hardly mastered the vocal score, but mak ing allowance for her first performance of the 'part, wo are prepared to hear her to better advantage in future appearances. Her bestp number was the Legend of the Bells, which the audience were glad to applaud by way of encouragement. The hiring fair scene was well managed during all this act. Mr. G. Leopold, Tho Bailie and would-be judge, kept tho au dience in good humor by his excellent acting. Ho wa3 ably seconded by Mr. Johnson. Tho solo, Just Look at This, with chorus accompani ment, brought the first act to a successful close and commanded a recall. During the Becond act Mr. Templeton, as Gaspard, plays a most important part, indeed he has made a great success of his role both as asingerand an actor. Tho Ghost trio, I'll Shut My Eyes, by Madame Hersee, Mr. Vernon and Mr. Leopold, was highly amusing. Mr. Habbe must be con gratulated upon tho Bcenery he has painted for the opera. The opening scene representing the old feudal castle near tho sea coast, and waves breaking in silvery crests upon the rocky shore, was highly artistic. Tho village sceno was also well painted. The mounting and dresses' throughout were admirable and appropriate. i Tho children's Pinafore entertainment at the Bijou continues to draw good houseij. Little Miss Graupner's voice having broken , down, she was replaced by MissMauiu the part of Josephine. . . . ' ; | Tho Slave's Itavcnge, a sensational drama , ] embodying a large sprinkling of the tragic, element, was produced at tho People's Theatre on Saturday night. The Bcenery was od-l I mirably arranged, and elicited repeated rounds of applause irrespective of tho acting. Mr. ; H. A. Douglas looked and well sustained the. j character of tho ' villain ' (Tom Gordon),, and Mr. Geoive Melville wa3 passable as \ Harry Gordon, tho villain's half-brother. Mrs. Woodridgo did full justice to the rClt of . Harry's mother, and Mr. It.' B. Lowia did ! equal credit to his part as Old Tiff, a faithful j negro. Mr. J. H. Martin received plaudits- as tho avenging slave. The minstrel perform ances were very good, but the gem was the Old Log Cabin in the Dell, sung by Mr. John; Matloek. There was a crowded houBe at the Town Hall on Monday, when Mias Christian made her first appearance on the concert platform since her roturn from England. The enter-, tainment given consisted of recitals on tho organ by Mr. David Lee, two pianoforte solos by Miss Lunam, and several vocal contribu tions by Mis3 Christian. Tho songs rendered by Miss Christian wero When the Tido Come3 In (Barnby), The Chorister (Sul livan), London-bridge (Molloy), Twicken ham Ferry (Theo. Marssials)'. Each of | these numbers was heard for the first time in this city and was well received. Miss Christian was awarded a hearty welcome upon her appearance, and the warmth of the ap plause given by the audience indicated Unmis takably that the popularity of the singer had in no way diminished during her absence from tho colony. As regards her voice, it has Io3t none of its former charm, power and sweet ness, though a slight hoarseness from which tho vocalist Buffered did not enable- her, especially in the first number on tho pro gramme, to acquit herself with complete satisfaction and with full justice to her own abilities. _ A concert was given on Wodnesday in the Athenmum under the auspices of the Victorian Football Association, the Melbourne and Carl ton clubs and the Metropolitan Rifle Corps, in aid of a fund being raised for the widow and family of tho late Mr. Gorman, who was for marly a member of the Carlton Club. There was a largo attendance. ? . Miss Holland, Messrs. Walshe, G. J\ Smith and Lis ter each Gang a solo and took part in duets creditably. Mr. Moroney displayed his fine bass voice in Schubert's Wanderer. Miss Lucinda Blaekhain and Mis3 Alice Bees also took part in tho entertainment. Miss Blackham's voice has improved in power. Miss Bees is evidently intent upon making execution her forte. Both of theso ladies re ceived a unanimous encore for their solos. The former sang Balfe's recitative and aria The Power of Love, and tho latter 0 bel Momento (Masanicllo.) Miss Blackham sang, in re sponse, I'll Seek for Thee in Every Flower. Her chromatic ascension and Bmtaincd A flat were very effective. Miss Bees'a encoro song was The Last Hose of Summer, snug sotto vocc, and in excellent style, Mr. Finn delivered an appropriate address, which he had himself composed for the occa sion. Miss Blackham Bang a song at the close of the concert dedicated to her by little Miss Ada Wiiletts. Tho pianoforte introduction in common rhythm was really good. The re frain in triple time was well sung by Miss Blackham, the long skips making it rather difficult to sing effectively. A telegraph oifice has been opened at Bra thon in the North Gippsland district, and for the future communication will bo maintained to and from that place. The Leader of last week has, in consequenco of tho great demand for the sheet of Parlia mentary portraits, been quite sold out ; but to j supply the orders still coming in the pro prietors have reprinted tho engraving along with tho' supplement which contained the biographical notices of the members, and these can now be ordered through any. of the news agonts. The Government have determined to offer a reward for the discovery of the perpetrator of the stupid hoax concerning the KnowBley Hall. Tho following notice appears in tho Gazelle .' — ' Whereas on the 7th inst. a bottle was picked up on the beach near Belfast con taining a paper purporting to be written by a survivor of the ship Knowsley Hall, and alleging that the writer had with others been cast away on tho Crozet Islands ; and whereas it has been ascertained that the statement could not have emanated from any such slu'p wrecked person, but was prepared with a view to imposing upon tho public, notice is now given that a reward of £50 will be paid to any one who shall give 6uch information as will lead to a conviction of the person or persons by whom tho hoax in question was perpe trated.' 