CONTINENTAL GOSSIP. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT " STELLA.") PARIS, July 2. I Though the French Parliament ia still sitting, tho French " eeason " is considered to bo at an end, nearly all the fashionables having departed j so that the new dramatic entortainment given by the Princes do Lusig nan, in aid of the sufferers by tho famino in Armenia, has been quite a marked event, The charitablo and clover hostess-one of tho most accomplished amateur aotressos and singers of the day, and well litted to hold her own oven on the public stage, if ehe chose to challenge her professional rivals on their own ground obtained a brilliant euccess as Marguerite in Faust, and as Amina in La Sonnambula, ably supported by Messrs. Caore and Limolli. Mr. G-rovy and sevo ral of tho Ministors, Archbishop Korheno do Lu signan, in his Armenian episeopal robes, Prince OrloiY, the Count de Paris, tho Infanta Louise Maria of Spain, Baroness do .Rothschild, and various notabilities of tho Senate, Chamber of Deputies, and scientific and fashionablo " worlds " of this region, wero among tho brilliant gathoring assembled to aid tho benevolent Princess (an Armenian) in her charitable undertak- ing. Tho superiority ot tho Fronch arrangements for tho instruction of the blind, especially as regards the imparting of a sound musical education to the victims of the saddest of human privations, has just received ample and striking acknowledgment in the result of tho comparative examination of tho systems pursued in all tho principal schools for the blind, in the various countries of Europe, by Mr. Itichardson-Gardiior, whoso late father-in-law has "left a bequest of no less a sum than £300,000 sterling for tho education of tho blind. Mr. Richardson-Gardner and his wife consider the French system to bo tar in advance of overy other, and notably so in regard to tho training of blind musicians ; and they have accordingly procured tho loan, so to say, of nearly a hundred of tho pupils of the French school, who have been sent over to London in order to provo, by their performances in mu⁣ and singing, tho excollonco of tho methods employed in their training. Tho young people-98 boys and 21 girls-wero taken to London under tho caro of half-a-dozen superintendents, making the journey in iho samo train as M. Leon Say, the lato Ambassador at London, and present Pre- sident of the French Senate, who has taken an active part in tho adair, and who defrays the cost of tho double journey of tho blind pupils from his own pocket. Tho departure of tho party was an interesting i-ight. Nothing could exceed the lively delight of theso poor children at tho thought of " seeing " tho sea and London. Tho sonso of touch is 60 marvellously developed in their caso that it seems" almost to replace the uso of oye-sight, and it vas most curious and gratifying to noto the readiness and easo with which tho blind boys and girls got into their appointed places, after a couplo of words from tho superintendents, stowed their little belongings into the receptacles overhead, and themselves into their seats, talking eagerly of all thoy wore going '. to see," and sharing among themselves tho wealth of cakes, fruit, wine, flowers, &c;, whicli had been brought by the parents and friends, who were thero in» force to bid them good-bye ; those who had neither friends nor presents boing provided for at once by those who had received tho little welcome gifts for the journey. Oddly enough, all the children passod their heads through tke open windows as eagerly, and as full of gratified curiosity, as though they saw what was going on around thom. They laughed and prattled as gaily as though they had their eye-sight, and responded with a ringing choer to the chorus of adieux that accompanied tho departure of tho train. . It is truly wonderful that the want of sight can bo compensated, lo so great an extent, by the ingenious processes which aro employed for this purpose at tho present day ; a compensation oven moro astonishing in tho case of tho blind sculptor Vidal than in tho musical skill of the young people now in London. This sculptor, absolutely sightless, manages to produce models of animals as admirable, truthful, and as full of life as tho paintings of our four-footed brethren by Landseer. Ho employs, and" works by, the sense of touoh, with tho same easo and precision as other artists by eyesight. He feels his models, and ho feels his work ; and ho steps back from the latter, overy now and then, to judge of his clay, just as does the sculptor or the paintor whose eyes aro active. Having gone back a step or two, in this way, to judgo of his work, he extends his hands, and critically fools tho clay on which he is working, and whioh he then proceeds to re touoh just as a paintor re- touehes his picture. His hearing is prodigiously keen j ho hoars tho approach of anyono coming, long before tho sound of the boll, which indicates his presence at tho door. Tke works of Vidal are admirable, and aro highly prized by their possessors, all connoisseurs of the first water. Among | thom may be mentioned a marvellous " Bull " that took a medal at the Exhibition of 1867, a " Panther," pur- chased by Napoleon III. ; his "Gazelle," in the gallery of Baroness James de Eothschild; his " Dying Horse," in the Museum of Artillery ; a " Stag," "Arab Steed," "Recumbent Doo," &c.;, all genis, and all highly prized by their owners. Ono of those peculiar incidents which could, hardly occur anywhero but in Paris was the arrival in this city, a few days ago, at tho terminus of the Orleans railway, of a grey-bearded man, in Oriental garb, lod by hislittledaughler,alsodressedinEasternraimoiit,whohacl como by the train, but who, not speaking French, stood irresolutely on tho platform when everyone else had passed out of tho station. Tho man's eyes wero open, but void of expression ; the intelligent-looking little girl addressed herself to a bystander, repeating " Hos- pital ! hospital !" evidently the only French word she knew. Both father and child appeared to bo poor, and looked tired and troubled. A railway servant put thom into a cab, and ordered the driver to take them to tho Hotel-Dieu, but thero thoy could not be received, as the eye- disoaso from which the father is suffering is not treated in that establishment ; and besides, they had no order for admission. The cabman, moved by their distress, took them to tho nearest police station, where food was kindly given them, and thoy wore allowed to rest on the couches. Tho police inspector questioned them, but could obtain no othor words in reply than "Mahmoud, Talla, Jerusalem, hospital." Later in the evening the commissary looked in, on his round of inspection, and tried tho man with Spanish, which he happily understood. Clasping his hands, as though to thank Heaven for sending him -some one who could understand him, ho stated that his name was Mahmoud, that of his daughter, Telia ; that he was a small shopkeeper in Jerusalem, and had contracted blindness from travelling in tho desert. Finding no relief in his own country, ho had resolved to come to Paris to obtain treatment, and leaving his business to his wife and the younger children, he started with his eldost daughter as his guido, and a little stock of carpets and perf umery'to sell on the way. They sailed from Jaffa in a trading ship, and landed at Bordeaux after a long and fatiguing voyage. Finally thoy roached Paris, with a sum of but six francs, and two carpets, worth about 60 francs, remaining. The Commissary of Police obtained their admission to tho Eothschild Hospital, ffhore the father and child will be kept whilo tho operation for cataract will bo performed on the former. This operation is now performed with such caso and rapidity, and in most cases so successfully, that tho bravo determination which brought Mahmoud to this city, in soaroh of the relief that would restore him to usef ulnos, and enable him to ' próvido for his family, is almost sure to bo repaid; by succoss. Baroness Jame3 do Rothschild, widow of tho lato head of the houso of money-kings, and foundress of tho hospital in which Mahmoud and Tolla are now residing, was successfully operated upon for cataract about ten days ago. Sho had ingeniously left hor sons and family in ignoranoo of tho timo fixed for the operation, in order to 6paro them tho great anxiety whioh the knowledgo would havo caused thom, and had invited thom all to dine yvith hor on the ovening of the appointed day, in order tho moro effectually to prevent inquirios on theil» part. The operation was performed successfully in six minutes, and as soon as it was over telegrams announcing the happy event were sent off to each member of the family, whose joy at receiving tho unlooked-for tidings may bo imagined, the old Baroness being idolized by all about her. Whioh allusions to people of thoHebiew j race remind me that tho scoro of aged "Judoa trees " at the Garden of Plants, brought to France and planted |?by Buffon in 1775, have all died, having been.so muchj' 3?ju^d¿bjJhejnJ&rm;^ wo aro only just emerging, that all efforts to prolong their existence have proved unavailing. July 0. The traditionary misehiof-inaking of St. Sv.-ithin, when it pleases his beatitudo to .end us rain on tho day consecrated to his memory, is being s-.riUing.y brought into view this year. His saint=hip divided that day between brilliant sunshino and heavy showers, and such .is tho ..weather wo havo been undergoing every day since. Tho strawberries aro so drenched that thoy aro half spoiled before they reach the market. On the hottest days piudont people lalee their umbrellas ; and in tho midst of a roasting aft.r noon sudden elonds darken over head, promenadm's divo under doorways for sholtcr, and anxious shop- keepers aro seen running out of thoir "hops and wind- ing up awnings as fast as tho handle of tho ingenious apparatus can bo mado to tu.D. The rain comes down with a vengeance, lasts just long enough to give the streets a prodigious splash; then the sun conies out as fierce as boforo, and tho steaming thoroughfares aro dry almost as quickly as they wero wetted. It would, perhaps, have been moro prudent to postpone " tho National fete " until tho expiration of the "forty days," -which the saint alluded to is supposed lo havo undor his control ; for a single heavy shower, such as avo are now having overy day, would sufiieo to lake the shine out of tho elaborate preparations now being made for this fete in ovory part of the French metropolis, and over the greater part of France. The coming/«., has bj' no means a monopoly of tho | sympathies of tho French people. All but the Repub- licans, and even a largo party among these, look with groat disfavour on the choice of a day Avhi.h is not one that colebratos any of tho grand events of French history. In point of fact, Louis XVJ. had already determined on tho razing of tho gloomy old fortress, in which on the day of its de- struction thoio were but two prisoncis and a single warder, who naturally attempted no resistance, but opened the gates at the first summons of the popu- lace. No ono, probably, would dream of lamenting the fate of a building that had been an instrument of atrocious tyranny in the past ; tho pullins of it down was a good day's work, but it was a work of violence, of contention, an incident of civil war. The choice of tho day on which it took placo as a national symbol is consequently regarded by many as a mistake ; while, on the other hand, its coincidence with the return of the liberated Commun- ists is deplored as ominous ol' trouble to come. Meantime, the Chamber has A-oted no less a sum than half a million of francs to be spent on the festival ; and tho municipality is doing its utmost to stimulate the zeal of tho citizens, and to enrol thom among the con- tributors. The latter body is understood to bo contem- plating a house to house visitation, to take down tho names of each inhabitant, with an entry of the amount ho intends to devote to tho illumination of his windows, or to the ornamenting of tho town ; but this rumour is raising so strong an expresión of displeasure that the idea, if seriously entertained, will doubtless bo aban- doned. So many magistrates have resigned, all over tho country, rather than carey out the intentions of the Government in the ejectment of tho various religious confraternities from their convents and schools, that a very lively excitement has boen thereby occasioned in legal and Parliamentary circles. Comparatively little interest is felt among tho mass of the public in the ex- pulsion of the Jesuits, who aro generally dreaded and detested ; but the various bodies who devote themselves mainly to teaching and to the caro of the sick aro greatly beloved and esteemed, except by the extromo Radicals, and it is thought that the Government will hardly venture on driving them from their houses in face of the sympathy with which thoy ave ovidontly regarded by the great majority of tho population. Many senators and deputies, averso to action which they re-1 gard as tyrannous (though tho various orders havo only io submit their rulea to the examination of the Government to obtain their authorization) hold a meeting on Tuesday, for tho purpose of arranging for tho offering of a gold medal of honour to overy magistrate who shall have preferred to resign his post rather than lend his sanction to the carrying out of a policy of which they disapprove, The intention was to bestow this medal on all the magistrates who havo resigned from this motive, with- out reference to their political opinions ; tho idea ?was most favourably taken up by the public, and subscriptions at once began to flow in upon the committee charged to manage the movement ; hut the retiring magistrates havo declined the proposed honour, most of thom being Republicans, and therefore un- willing to create an embarrassment for tho Government, and all of them preferring to receive in such a contin- gency no other reward than tho approval of their con- science. Tho plan has, therefore, boen abandoned, and tho subscribers aro invited to take back their subscrip- tions. A grand dinner has been eaten here, at the Conti- nental Hotel, by the leading American residents, in honour of their national holiday ; and the annual fete of tho British schools in this capital carno oil', very suc- cessfully, three clays ago ; addresses, recitations, prizes, vocal and instrumental performances by tho pupils, past and prosent, with a meat-tea and abundanco of plum-cake, made up the entertainment. The renowned acrobats-Lionnet, Brothers-having kindly offcrod io gÍA*o a performance for the amusement of the poor children confined, in the hope of their amend- ment, in the Little Roquette prison, a few days ago, tho brothers noticed a handsorao, chubby little fellow among their delighted audience. On inquhing of the prison >authorities, they learned that tho child, Emilien Tri baulis, aged seven, had been taken into custody as a vagabond, having been deserted by his parents, and was about to appear boforo the Court of Correctional Police to answer for various misdemeanours the poor little fellow had committed in his hunger and homelossness. (The idea of a poor little baby vagabond having to figure in suoh a place, undor such circumstances!) When Emilien's name was called by the Tribunal, a few days afterwards, and the unfortunate little oroaturo was placed in tho dock, under the pitying oye of the magis- trate, to answer for his confounding of mewn and tam, in tho way of " bread and victuals," &c.;, one of the favourite acrobats at onco stepped forward, and stated, to the groat relief and satisfac- tion of tho Court, that ho and his brother were willing to adopt tho poor little waif ; and the Court having signified its consent to tho proposal, tho hand- some little culprit was forthwith mado over io his new friend, evidently to his own great wonder and delight. Let us hope that the generous deed of tho renowned acrobats may be equally a sourco of satisfaction to themselves and to the poor deserted little fellow, of whom they expect, no doubt, to make a skilful per- former in their own lino, in which, strange to say, thoy have a new rival in the person of a wealthy amateur, ' M. Molior, who is so much in lovo with acrobats and. acrobatio doings that ho has actually built for him- self, al groat expenso, a privato circus, forming part of his luxurious establishment in ono of tho now streets in tho neighbourhood of the Bois do Boulogne. M. Molier has just inaugurated his circus by a grand fete, at which wore seen tho Prince do Sagan, Baron Rivière,and a galaxy of other "fast"' noblemen, Avith a strong representation of the " fast " elemont in the persons of popular actresses and of dashing artists, literary and scientific mon not above amusing thom selves like other mortals, financiers, ko. Tho per- formances, partly by the host anil other amateurs, partly by sympathetic professionals, wero numerous, brilliant, and highly applauded. A great staff of servants in tho livery _>£ tho host wero indefati- gable in handing refreshments, liquid and solid, to the guests, and the affair wound up after tho return of daylight Avith au animated danoo and a splendid " supper." Among the " features " of the affair woro the wonderful feats of Milo. Lohmann on a wonderful white horse, the astonishing doings of tho Brothers Willmich, tho prodigious achievements of a youDg scion of the proud houso of Larochefoucauld, tho por- traits of whose ancestors may bo supposed to havo frowned in their frames on loaming this declension of one of their blood ; the metamorphosos of a fashionablo physician, whose clionts may possibly not Lo over-pleased to learn tho tendenoy of his pro- clivities, and, " last but not least," tho performance of a little boy, painted and arrayed as a Japaneso, who made his appearanoe, escorted by a piano, on which he imitated all manner of instruments, varied with feats of tumbling, climbing, contortions, conjurings, and ' so on, that convulsed the spectators with laughter. Just as the little follow, with a colossal and astounding hat under his arm (no one can imagine whero this hat can have come from, as it only made its appearanco at ?the.moment), Avas quitting .tho .area, amidst"the repeated; _XC_U________j_J_ld^ ; h__,;w__j Jiu__i____i_'_ I assailed by a North American savage, who seemed to rise out of the ground, brandishing his tomahawk, and uttering u, frightful war-whoop, as he declared his deter- mination to scalp the little Japanese. But the latter, nimbly springing beyond the roach of tho savago, drew a hai'ñioñi-fluto from under hid robe, applied it to hi3 lip.>, and sent forth such a volley of-not notes, but fireworks, that the savago, receiving tho charge full in the face, was thereby- exterminated on tho spot, and fell sprawling upon tho sawdust of tho arena, when an in- telligent pony appeared upon the scene, the cowardly aggressor was deftly hitched to tho pony's tail by the triumphant Japanese, and tho group disappeared from the scene amidst tho shouts of applause and clappings of the spectators. Fights of a more deadly character continue to bo "the order of tho clay." Duels aro following each other as thick as blackberries ; every day seems to bring forth a now crop of thom. Not only tho irasciblorace of journalists, but ey ^3 deputies and senators are fall- ing into this abyss 0, folly ; and so common is it getting for any expression of opposing sentiment or conviction to lead to a duel, that after every debate in either Chamber, half-a-dozon hostile encounters aro at once declared to bo imminent among tho " orators" who have perorated on opposite sides ! Such a result of Parliamentary government is hardly likely to siren «then tho belief of its being the panacea for all the ills that tho Ktiitc ii hoir to-the ne pins nitro- of pro- gress in tho administrative sphere. Tho infection of this bad example is no longer con- fined to tho fashionable, literary, and political "worlds" in which tho duel has hitherto mainly flourished. Imagine a couplo of young follows, appren- tices in a jeweller's shop in tho very un- fashionable street of Notre Dame-des-Champs (a " rookery " of convicts of both sexes), disputing together, a few days ago, ono giving tho other a blow with his fist, tho other remarking, " I am not in the habit of fighting with my fist, but with steel," tho two starting off lo á cutler's, providing themselves with a couple of sharp-pointed knives, rushing back to tho workshop (which thoy know to bo empty at the moment, the other workmen having left for their mid-day meal), and forthwith hacking away at one another ! This actually occurred, as just set forth, a few days ago. But the fight was not of long dura- tion, as tho knife of one of the foolish lads, at the first thrust, penetrated tho right lung of his adversary, who foil lo tho ground mortally wounded, and expired an hour later. The survivor, terribly shocked and grieved at tho tragic upshot of thoir joint pioco of ferocious folly, vvas at onco arrested, and will shortly be brought to trial. Tho rapidity with which the lofty and splendid houses of new Paris are springing into being rouses the amazement of all beholders ; that this rapidity of construction is Fomctimes achieved at the cost of soli- dity has just been proved by tho fall of ono of tho great new pilos of brick, iron, and freestone, now in process of building in tho Avenuo MacMahou, a few hundred yards from the Arch of Triumph. One of the masons was killed on the spot, another is buried under tho ruins, a score of others are moro or less soriously injured, soma oí them not being expected to recover. Oddly enough tho obelisk in the Place do la Concordo had a narrow escapo from destruction last Sunday, Tho workmen employed in setting up tho venetian masts and other preparations for tho colossal affair of the 1-ith instant were busy yvith these decorations of tho Square, setting up the masts with the aid of a windlass fixed on tho ground by stako3 driven into the earth. A mast in tho immediato vicinity of the obelisk was nearly in an upright position, when the strain on tho rope dragged the windlass from its moor- ings, and the mast, being no longer supported, fell with its weight and passed within a few feet of the obelisk, breaking on tho rail- ing, part of which it carried away in its fall, As tho obelisk is already split at the baso, had the mast fallen against it, tho probability is that it would havo been thrown down and entirely destroyed. The whole of this city is being " decorated," gangs of workmen are busy in all the squares and great thoroughfares, stacks of flags, masses of lamps and Chinese lanterns, mountains of garlands of paper flowers, cartloads of little coloured glasses for burning oil, are going through tho streets in every direction. Excursion trains ara being organised all over the coun- try, and provincials and foreigners are already arriving in considerable numbers. There is no doubt but the orowds of sight-seers will fully fill the thoroughfares ; and, as tho rejoicings aro to continuo to the end of tho wook, and will probably bo supplemented by the labouring population (of whom a large portion never does a stroko of work on Mondays, or oven on Tues- day;-), by a prolongation into the middle of the week following, a good deal of idleness, not a little drunk- enness, and a goodly crop of the offences of which those stated aro usually prolific, may probably bo expected. A group of Belgian financiers has engaged with the great artist of minute masterpieces, Meissonuior, to paint a vast battle-piece, or rather throe pieces, which thoy will exhibit all over Europe as a diorama. They have formed a company, to which they havo given the name of " Tho Meissonnier Society," with £20 shares, for the carrying out of tho idea, so that the unrivalled artist would seem to be offered to the public in slices, like a cocoanut, or a pineapple, on a costermonger's barrow at so much per slice. It appears that tho master, having lots of other work on hand, began by refusing, to work for his Belgian admirers ; but as nearly all tho other leading painters have tried their hands at tho. representation of a battle-field, and as the tempters offered him £60,000 for a work that ho will easily accomplish in about a year and a half, he allowed his reluctance to be overcome, and has signed the ngroenient. But as ho did not anticipate the costor mórigor arrangement which seems to out him up into tho shares aforesaid, he has insisted on a chango of name on tho part of his " society," which has very properly decided to give itsolf another appellation. The oddity of the first name, however, is just what is apt lo talco in this capital ; and though the company has engaged to givo itsolf a now name, it is probable that the badeaux of Paris will persist in maintaining the unlucky raison, sociale which has bo disagreeably '-dis- turbed tho great artist's equanimity. A new dramatic author has just appeared hore, his first appearance being as great and decisive a success on the stago as has been that of tho new sculptor, M. Suchetct, with his first appearance in the annual salon. The ? latter, yvith his exquisite " Bibles-changed into a foun- tain," and M. Paul Dolaii», with his strange, powerful, barbaric tragedy, " G arin," have both stepped at onco into tho front rank of their respectivo art. Tho latter is a modest, oven timid- looking mau, of 37 ; thin, dark, with a long beard, and spectacles. Ho looks the reverso of 'ambitious or imaginative, but is both, and to a high degree. Ho commenced life as a clork in the warehouso of a great glassmaking firm, and has been nursing his dreams of literary great- ness, whilo footing up columns of figures, for nineteen year.-). His father, ono of tho best of men, and his confidant, was both charmed and alarmed by his son's poetic aspirations, for he knew, as ho expressed it, that "poetry does not fatten." To tranquilixo his father, the son ontered tho establishment alluded to ; ho worked all day, and thon at night tho two hid them- selves- tho son to write verses, and the father to read them. When his fugitive pieces, which ho got inserted in journals and magazines wherever he could, wore collected into a volumo, ho dedicated this volumo to his^fathor, or, rather, to his momory, for ho was then alone, A one-sou journal next took a novel from his pen. A few other small successes encouraged him, and kept alivo his hope of eventually achieving renown through his pen. Tho plot of "Gi.'».jV"ju8t produced at the Theatro Français, is a K ^iragie tragedy. Tho hero is an imaginary personage who is supposed to livo under the Capetian monarchy, tho dato of tho incidents being aftoi» the battle of Booines, 1211. Ho lives with the hard ¡pa proud old seigneur, his undo-Herbert, Lord ok Sept-Saulx-in his feudal castlo, noar Rhoims. This rude old tyrant acknowledges no power above his own, neither that of the Count of Cham- pagne, nor oven that |of tho lung of Franco, Phillp Augustus. Tho old tyrant, weary of war and of tho solitude in which his pride keeps him, sends for a troop of dancers who aro passing through that part of tho" country. The beauty of ono of tneso, Aisoha, captivates the heart of tho undo and the nophew; the former marries this wandering siren, who is the daughter of a Moorish king, carried off by a troop of i brigands. But Aisoha, preferring tho nephew to ¡ the undo, excites the former to kill the latter. , One day, when Horbort, guarded by a singlo archer, ia sleeping in his orchard with his head in the sirene lap, Garin shoota him with his own bow, and ¡then shoots the guard, who sav? iho deed. Garin,. ^daflana£jfcaAL^ that he shot the guard to avenge his relative. The year of Aischa's mourning having expired, the prepar- ations for her marriago with Garin are going on ; but Garin is completely changed ; he has seen tho ghost of his uncle, who has threatened him with his vengeance, and the proud and warlike knight has become a craven, tortured by terror and remorse. The marriage takes place ; tho wedding feast goe3 on with barbaric splendour and wassailing. Garin, a prey to his misery, draws Aischa to the nuptial chamber ; bul this has changed to the semblance of the crypt in which his uncle's remains aro interred, and tho spectre of the victim confronts the guilty pair, his hand extended, claiming his bride, who falls senseless to tho floor. Garin trie3 to spring 1 forward to fell tho spectre with his sword, but is rivetted to the spot, and Aischa is carried off by the spectre. This scene, half lea!, half hallucination, is renewed every night ; Aischa poi.on. herself, and Garin is defied to a single combat by an unrecognised son of Herbert ; but Aischa has fallen dead at the foot of the tree under which nc- rbert was murdered ; ho rushes to her side, confesses his crime, and plunges his dagger into his heart. Tho play is very powerfully written, and splendidly put upon tho stage. Altogether its appearance has made a sensation. 