DISCOURAGING A YOUTH, A citizen whose best weight never exceeds 120 pounds was tho other day buying a couple ol hens of a farmer on tho market, and before the bargain was concluded tho two beoama nuite freindlv. and tho farmer said he had something on his miud to communicate. One of his boys had a desire for theatricals and was desirous of bcoomiug an aator. The idea was bo strong in him that ho had become worthless around tho farm, and t bo father was in a peck of trouble to know how to turn the boy's atten tion from tho footlights to ths plough-he-ariio, iIS!posoi"scndhiin to you, arid s'po3a yon make fun and ridioulo him ard let him soo how foolish it is?" suggested the father, and tho citizen agreed. As a result of their planniug the boy walked into tho citizen'd placo of busi ness, on Congress stroct east, next morning. The father had called him a boy, but ho weighed about 1G0 pounds, stood nearly six feet bigb, and had a pair of hands as large aj a chromo of .the Yes? mi to Valley. Ills arrival was expected, and after a fow words about th9 weather the citizen queried! "So yon think you would make auactor, eh?" "Yes, I kinder think so," wa3 tho reply. " What lino would you take?" " Well, I kinder iiko tragedy." " Tragedy! Why, you couldn't succeed in iragodyl Look at your hands! Look at those feetl Remember your voice! You'd be hissed off tho stage. Don't never tbiok of tragedy," " How would I do in a drama? ' asked the boy, " Not at all; in tho first place your ears are too large. Then your heels slick out too far. Then your hands would hide half the other zctors. Don't try tho drama, for you will be a dead failure,"- " Could I do anything in com- <dy?" "Notathiug. The sight of you in ' omedy would be tho Bamo 33 the sight of a 1 earso on tho stage. AU ths facial expression 5ouhavo iebehindtho oars." " Iliave thought tomo of boing a nigger minstrel," observed tho boy, after along silence, "That's the worst of all, I tell yon, boy, you'd better stickto tho farm. You are not cut out for an actor, and you want to drop the idea." " Couldn't I aot as usher ?" "No, sir ; you are to stiff in tho knees." " Couldn't I take tickets?" "Never. Your hands arc too big for that work." "Couldn't I shift scenes?" "No. Yonaretooblg and unwioldy." There was a long and painful Bilence. Then tho boy rose up and said; "Well, I'm bound to go into theatricals, If I can't be anything else I'll be the feller that stands at Ahedocrto raise a row, and I'll begin on you I Como over here !" He hauled the ad viser over the table, clutched h im by the small of the back and spun him around, slammed him against tho wall, and dropped him to get a better bold. When tho curtain ro3C on tho next act triors was a strictly private conversa tion going on between Hamlet necl tho ghost, an the ghost's coat was rippsd up'at tho back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet sud denly demanded in a loud vcieo : " Catiff ! do yon declare that I canaot act ?" Torn the ghost dogged round the tabic and replied : " No, I don't ! You are all right— you _ aro a splendid actor — you can't help but win !" " And you'll tell ine father so ?" " t will— you bet I will!" " If yon don't — !" Here Hamlet took three steps forward, two back, scowled the fiercest, and the ghost jumped behind the store and vowed that he'd even pay 50 dollars for a private box on tho night of tho ihbut , " Tla well!"'said Hamlet, an 1 he went over on the market to see if he emid sell tbreo p3cks of onion tots for cash down. 