ALLAN AT. {FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,) Thursday, 2ud December. ' Quartaopolis has so completely ontdono Alliv viopolis at tho Exhibition iu Carlton Gardens, that our district and its great str.plo industry may bo said to bo nowhere in tho big inter national show. Why this is thus I do not know; the moro, as in times past, as you very well know, we have been splendid fellows to asiert ourselves, not to say ever ready to blow about our grand achievements. How many a timo and oft would tho Star fight tooth and ur.il for the superiority of the A-polis oVfer the Q-polis, ami with what assortivetfSss of figures andargumeutsldid that journal do its level boat to prove that we had be,-.ten yott and made good our claim to bo regarded as, by excellence, the auriferous metropolitans of Victoria, And now we are so {Kior iu spirit that we will not do our selves lienor in that way when all the world, o'r as Sic O. Cr. Duffy, with that charming inaficurftby becoming the genius of excitement, would say, all tho "universe" has been invited to come and compete and take notes, and mako reports of ourselves and our wealth and works. I was astonished when I compared tho pains and ingenuity Sandhurst people had expended on the display of Beudigo's resources and its mining specialities, and the conspicuous absence of any thing like it from Ballarat. It is hardly utt'ccs sary that I should add that everybody who cares to observe makes similar remarks on tho sub ject. "Where is BallaratV is tho natural question put by the visitor to tho Exhibition, and there is all over the vast place but tho one unsatisfying echo-where, and it echo nowhere. Somebody has blundered, of course, and there is an cud of the matter. Perhaps the revival and the collapse and all their comical and tragical emotions left us really no energy or heatt to go into the exhibition line. For I may tell you that the wounded in that terrible encounter with promoters, and the lust of rapid gain, included all sorts aud conditions of peryple. Some have been lying by in secret agonies over since, some have vanished alto gether from the scene of the struggle, and some have had the luck to put money in their purses and moralise over the degeneracy ot tho times, like Thompson's "doctor of tremendous paunch" ?who could sit and swill and be happy, alter; ?whole rows of less sturdy guzzlers Jay deaf? drunk under the table. However, through that hot proccss we liave gone, and havcunce down to steady routine business agairhomc. hibitious slide, and come to knort. There more we mast stick to soberer soaring stone And we are not without enc«^t, nnu in the have been reported finds-divisions, wnich go lately in Ballarat all hkehhood Buninvoug and Sn~<M 1:ere that will pay to show that time. The find of the i very wid'"^ golden stone by the Queen and for/*^ H'" Flat, is also an encourage nucce*' so grcat a ono as that of the dis Cp^bf a lode with a regular value, or the of the contiuued value in a deeper level, or distant point in advance, of a lode already ^invested by the miner. This is what gives so much significance to the Desoja discovery, Buninyong way, and to the proving of golden stone at new points on the Sebastapool plateau lines. We have never yet been able to make auy solid quartz mining success in the Smythcs dale division. There have been several assays of seeming promise, but all have given out after a while, and now another discovery of a good lode is reported, but what its real value is has yet to be determined. At home the plateau lodes keep up, and if we can but get a few good shows south of the Band and Albion aud north of the Kohinoor group a great fillip will bo given to the industry. The Happy Land Com pany has jnst struck a nice lookiug body of stone at 200 feet, which promises to prove worth working, and so far, as lying a mile north of the Kohinoor, to realise my hapes of a northern extension of the plateau lines. The following dividends have been declared since my last:-Black Hill, Gd; Baud and Albion Consols, 2s 6d; Parker's, Is; Queen's Birthday, 10s; De Murska (final) 2s Gd; Reform, Is; New North Clunes, 5s. Our dwellers on unsold Crown lands of the residence area sort have been taking steps to get the Government to sell them the bit of homes. This may very well be done, reserving the right to mine as usual. I hear that young John Victor has had great success in " Crispin a la Comare " in Italy, a packed theatre applauding to the echo, throwing to him flowers, shouting "fuori Iughlesi," and so making him come before the curtain. More, I am told that conductors congratalate him on his success. He is to come out here in concerts about May or June next. Some of the knowing people here pooh- pooh these accounts and say, " let us hear what the Italian journals say about him," and the say is rational, of course, but I am inclined to think that our baritone prophet has really won some honor in that home of song whose approval is a certificate of merit beyond cavil. * Our Xmas theatricals will comprise an extra vaganza by Mr. A. T. Seal, late of the Stay staff, who gets £100 for his work, and is to have is illuminated by views of primitive Ballarat. This is to be in the Academy. At the Mechan ics there is to be a ghost show and other things fay " professor" Jonas. 