REV. T. S. FORSAITH'S ORANGE LECTURES. It is useless to attempt to gloss over these absurdities by saying that the Romish Church never approved of them. Did she attempt to put them down when she had the power? In a paper read before the Society of Antiquaries by one of the members, it was clearly shown that these ceremonieB arose out of the heathen satur nalia j and many tonsured representatives of the Church, even Archbishops and Bishops, de graded themselves by taking part in the sports. Drysdale, in his History of Warwickshire, pub: fished in ibab, says " iietore the suppression of the monasteries, Coventry was very famous for the pageants that wore played therein upon Corpus Christi Day (one of the ancient fairs) which, occasioning very great confluence of people thither from far and near was of no small benefit thereto: which pageants being acted with mighty state and reverence by the Grey Friars, had theatres for the several scenes, very large and high, placed upon wheels, and drawn to all the eminent parts of the city for the better . advantage of spectators, and contained the story of tho Oid and New Testaments, composed in the old English rithme." The brethren of tho Holy Trinity of St. Botloph, Aldersgatc, wero highly distinguished- in their day. They were founded in honour, it is said, of the body of Christ ; and, in order to . maintain thirteen wax lights burning about the sepulchre in the time of Easter. , The following particulars are given of the clinrtelary of this, religious guild :—" No portion of Scripture was ever posessedby this fraternity.'; for the volume : repeatedly registers their, entire property" at different periods, and mentions nothing of thc; kind except their " inysall most likely over laid by prayers to the. saints, notices of indul gences for sin, and pictures of unedit'yiug super stitions. To be sure there was their " Itolle of Velom with the pageiit of 2E!jc jl'nljr ®riiu'lu paynted and lemenyed with gold," and the annual charge for making the branch and lighting it np ; ! but whatever jiolu(£rmitu was lemenyd, on this pagent, . it. is impossible that such a display should Buggest an idea of Him who is a Spirit. There is, however, a figure which may have been that upon their pageant. It frequently occurs. _ In the Beehive of the Jiornish Church it is said : " They in their ehurohes and mass books doe paint the 'Trinitie with Three Faces : for our mother the holie Church did learn that at Rome, whero they were wont to paint or carve Janus with two faces. And then, farther, there is written in John, that there are three in heaven which beare witness, the Father, the Worde, and the Holie Ghost ; and these three are one ; then of necessitie they must be painted with three heads, or three faces upon one neoke." You may remember in a former paper I said that the Church of Rome had adopted many of the practices of pagan worship, giving them a kind_ of Christian varnish. The practice of burning candles, which obtains to this day in Roman Catholic churches, is a relic of paganism. The pagans used to light torches to their goda. Some of you may know how Roman Catholic apologists seek to justify this practice ; bat, for the information of those who aro not so well informed, I may say that burning tapers are said to be spiritually helpful to the faithful > because they represent the Saviour. The wax is an emblem of His flesh ; the flame of His deity ; the wick of His humanity ; the light of His doctrine, Some say the wick signifies humility ; the moulded wax obedience ; the flame the love of God ; whilo the wax and the wick together represent body and soul ; and the light the brightness and beauty of faith : and this is the nonsense that is a component part of Archbishop Vaughan's "strong Christianity!" In further proof of the ignorance and supersti tion that prevailed during this era of the "super natural bath," take tho following title page of a tract that was extant in those days. It is copied literally from John Bagford's collection of title pages at the British Museum : — " Tho Devil seen at St. Albans : being a true relation of how the devil was seen there in a cellar, In the likeness of a ram : and how a butcher came and cut his throat, and sold some of it aud dressed the rest for him, inviting many to supper who eat of it. Attested by divers letters of men of very good credit in this towno. Printed for confutation of 'those that believe, there is no such beings as spirits or devils," In a favourite Christmas carol, entitled Christus Nalus Est, a woodcut of large size represented the stable at Bethlehem ; Christ in the manger, and Mary and Joseph standing by ; the shepherds were seen kneeling in adoration, aud a band of angels looking on. In ono corner a man playing on a musical instrument— looking like bagpipes, and in another a woman with a basket of fruit on her head. The other acces sories of the picture are a bleating sheep, a lowing ox, -a croaking raven, and a crow cawing on the hayrack — above there is a cock ilapping his wings and crowing, and over all angelB singing iu the sky. These figures have labels in their mouths hearing Latin inscriptions, and round the borders is the following explanation for the edification of the masses : — A religious man, inventing the conceits of both birds and beasts, drawn iu the picture of our Saviour's birth, doth thus express them : " Tho cook ero\voth"Christus nalus est," delist is Born. The raven asked "Quando ?" ffiSUjClt? The cow replied, " Ilac nocle" K\\)is jfliflljt. The ox cryeth out, " libit Ubi?" ®5Hjcrt? ffiHIjftt ? Tho sheep bleated out, " Bethlehem," BctljIcFjcm. Voice from heaven sounded " Gloria in Excelsis," (Srlotj) be on bitflj. Is not that a specimen of the supernatural ! ! Archbishop Vaughan was very modest, and speaking within bounds, when ho said that this supernatural bath of a strong Christianity was enjoyed for well nigh a thousand years. The period to which, the main thread of the subject has brought us is the year 1073. But tho effects of the supernatural bath are traeeable as late as the year 17S3. I must givo you some furthei illustrations of the practical results of this "strong Christianity." A pupil of Gassendi writing to his master from Aix on the feast of the InnocentB in 1G45, says : — " I have seen in some monasteries in this province, extra vagaucics solemnized, which tho Pagans would not have practiced. Neither the clergy nor tho guardians, indeed, go to tho choirs oh this day, but all is given np to the lay brethren ; the cabbage- cutters, the errand boys, the cooks and scullions, the gardeners ; in a wprd, all the menials fill their places in the church, aud insist that they perform the offices proper for the day, They dress themselves with all the sacerdotal orna ments, hut torn to rags, or wear them inside out ; they hold in their hands the books reversed or sideways, which they pretend to read with' large spectacles without glasses, and to which tliey fix the shells of scooped oranges, which render them . so hideous, that one must have seen . these madmen to form a notion of their appearance; particularly whilo dangling the censors; they keep shaking them in derision, and letting the ashes fly about their heads and faces, one against the other. In this equipage they neither sing , hymus nor psalms, nor masses; but mumble a certain gibberish, as shrill aud squeaking as a herd of pigs whipped on to market." Another still more extraordinary performance is related in William Hones' book on Ancient Mysteries: it is quoted from a work entitled " Spence's Anecdotes of Books and Men," published in 1820. The performance was given at Turin and was witnessed by- the Rev. Joseph Spence, who, writing to his mothor on the 2nd December, 1739, tells her tho following story, which we could scarcely credit if it wore not so well authenticated. The supernatural bath of strong Christianity must have softened the brains of some people. "As I- was walking," writes. Mr. Spcnce — "one evening under the porticoes of the street of the Po, I saw an in scription over a grout gate :' which, as I am a very curious traveller, you may be sure I did not miss reading. I found by it, that the house belonged to a set of strollers, and that the inscription was a bill of the play they were to act that evening. Yon may imagine how sur prised. I was to find it conceived in the follow ing words :" Here under the porticoes of the Charitable Hospital for such as have the venereal diseaso . will be represented this evening, ' The Damned Soul,' with proper Decorations." As _ this seemed to be one of the greatest curiosities I could possibly meet with iu my travels, I immediately paid my threepence, was showed in with the greatest civility, and took my seat among a number of people, who seemed to expect the tragedy of tho night with great seriousness. — At length the curtain drew up ; and discovered the " Damned Soul," all alone, with a melancholy aspect. She was, for what reason I do not know, dressed aB a fine lady, in a gown of flame-coloured satin. She held a white handkerchief in her hand, which she applied often to her eyes ; aud in this attitude with a lamentable voice, began a prayer to the holy and ever blessed Trinity to enable her to speak her part well : afterwards she addressed herself to all tho good Christians in the room, begged them to attend carefully to what she had to say, and heartily wished they would be the better for it. She then gave an ncconnt of her life, and by her own confession, appeared to have been a very nanghty woman in her time. — This . was the first scene. At the second, a black curtain was drawn, and gave us a sight of our Saviour and the blessed Virgin, amidst the clouds. The poor soul addressed herself to our Saviour first, who rated her extremely, and was indeed all the while very severe. All she desired was to be sent to purgatory, instead of going to hell : and she at last begged very hard to be sent iuto the fire of the former for as many years as there are drops of water in the sea. As no favour was Bhown her on that side she turned to the Virgin and begged her to inter cede for her. Tho Virgin was a very decent u omuu, and answered her gravely, but steadily ; "that she had angered her son so much, that she could do nothing for her ;" and on this they both went away together. — The third scene con sisted of three little angels and the damned soul. She had no better luck with them ; nor with St. John the Baptist and. all the Saints in the fourth : so, in the fifth, she waB left to two devils, seemingly to do what they wonld with her : ouo of these devils was very ill- natured aud fierce to her ; the other was of the droll kind, anil for a devil, I cannot say but whathe was good-natured enough, though ho delighted in vexing thepoorold lady rather too much. — In the sixth scene matters began to mend a little. St. John tho Baptist, (who had been with our Saviour, I believe, behind the scones) told her, if she would continue her entreaties, there was yet some hope for her. She, on this, again be sought our Saviour and the Virgin to have compassion on her ; the Virgin was melted with her tears and desired her sou to have pity on her ;— on which it was granted, that she should go into the fire only for sixteen or seventoen hundred thousand years ; and she was very thankful for the mildness of the sentence. — Tho seventh (and last) scene, was a contest between tho two infernal devils above- mentioned, and her guardian angel. They came in again : ono grinning, and the other open mouthed to devour her. The angel told them that they should get about thoir business. He, with some difficulty, at last drove them off the stage, and handed off the good lady, assuring hor that all would be very well, after some hundred of thousands of years with hor. — All this while, iu spite of the excellence of the actors, the greatest part of the entertainment to me was the countenances of the people in the pit and boxes. When the devils were like to carry her off, everybody was in the utmost consternation ; and when St. John spoke so obligingly to her, they wore ready to cry out for joy. When the Virgin appeared on the stage, everybody looked respectful ; and on several words spoken by the actors they palled off their hats aud crossed themselves. What can yon think of a people, where their very farces are religious, and where they are so religiously received. May you bo the better for reading it, as I was for seeing it ! There was but one thing that offended me. All the actors, except the devils, were women, and the person who represented the most venerable character in the whole play, just after the re presentation, caino into tho pit, and fell a kissing a barber of her acquaintance, before she had changed her dress. She did me the honour- to speak to me too; but I would have nothing' to say to her." ( To be Continued. ) 