THE NATURALIST. LUMINOUS FUNGI. (FROM THE SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN.) There are no phenomena associated with fungi that are of greater interest than those which relate to luminosity. The fact that these plants under some conditions give out a phosphorescent light has long been known ; and every school-boy is familiar with the luminious property possessed by jotting wood (" fox-fire"), and which is due to the my- celium of alfungus pervading its substance. This luminosity of fungus had been observed in various parts of the world, and where the species has been fully developed it has gene- rally been found to be one of the toadstools belonging to the genus Agaricus. One of the best known species is the Agaricus olearius of Southern Europe, which was examined by Tulasne with especial view to its phos- phorescence. In his introductory remarks he says that four species only of the Agarics that are luminous appear at present (1848) to be known. One of them is the species just mentioned ; another, A. igneus, comes from Amboyna ; the third, A. noctilucus, has been discovered at Manila ; and the last, A. Gardneri, is produced in the Brazilian pro- vince of Goyaz upon dead leaves. The agaric of the olive tree (A. olearius), which is itself very yellow, reflects a strong brilliant light, and remain endowed with its remark able property while it grows, or, at least, while it appears to preserve an active life and remains fresh. The phosphorescence is at first, and more ordinarily, recognisable at the surface of the gills ; but in many cases, and among more aged fungi, the gills cease to give out light, and the stipe, throws out a brilliant glare. Tulasne, who examined this subject very carefully, infers from his experiments that the same agents—oxygen, water, and warmth—are perfectly necessary to the pro- duction of phosphorescence as much in living organised beings as in those which have ceased to live. In either case, the luminous phenomera accompany a chemical reaction, which consists principally in a combination of the organised matter with the oxygen of the air ; that is to say, in its combustion, and in the discharge of carbohic acid, which thus shows itself. Mr. Gardner has graphically described his first acquaintance in Brazil with the phosphorescent species which now bears his name (A. Gardneri). It was en- countered on a dark December night, while he was passing through the streets of Villa de Natividate. Some boys were amusing themselves with a luminous object, which at first be supposed to be a large fire-fly, but on making- inquiry he found it to be a beautiful phosphorescent toadstool, which, he was told, grew abundantly in the neighborhood on the decaying leaves of a dwarf palm. The whole plant gives out at night a bright light somewhat similar to that emitted by the larger fire- flies, having a pale greenish hue. From this circumstance, and from growing in a palm, it was called by the inhabitants " Flor de Coco." The number of recognised luminous species of Agaricus is not large, though three or four others may be enu- merated in addition to those already cited. Of these, A. lampas, and some othes, are found in Australia ; and Dr. Hooker, speaks of the phenomena as common in Sikkim, but he was never ablb to. ascertain; with what species it was associated. As regards Aus- tralian species, interesting information is given m regard to two by Mr. James Drum- mond, in a letter from Swan River. These grew on stumps of trees, and had nothing remarkable in their appearance by day, but by night emitted a most curious light, such as he had never seen described in any book. One species was found growing on the stump of a Banksia, which was surrounded by water. It was on a dark night, when passing, that the curious light was first observed. When the fungus was laid upon a newspaper it emitted by night a phosphorescent light, enabling persons to read the words around it, and it continued to do so for several nights with gradually increasing intensity as the plant dried, up. In the other instance, which occurred some years after, Mr. Drum- mand, during one of his botanical trips, was struck by the appearance of a large toadstool, measuring 16in. in diameter, and weighing about 5lb. This specimen was hung up to dry in the sitting-room, and on passing through the apartment in the dark it was observed to give out the same remarkable light. The luminous property only ceased when the plant became dry. In the current number of the of Gardener's Chronicle, the Rev. M. J. Berkeley describes still another species, new to science, recently received by him from the Andaman Islands, and which, though small in size, exceeds in brilliancy any species that has hitherto been observed. In this speeies, which Mr. Ber- keley names Agaricus emerici, the entire substance of the fungus is described as being most brilliantly luminons, There are a few other fungi belonging no genera other than Agaricus, which have been observed ; to be luminous under certain conditions. Thele- phora phosphora and Polyporus sulfureus, for example, the latter being a common American species. In all the cases of phos- phorescence recorded as occuring in these cryptogamic plants, the light emitted is de- scribed as of the same character, varying only in intensity. . ANT BATTLES.—I have, within the past few years witnessed several battles between ants, and, in some instances, the curious conduct of the captors toward their prisoners, which I think is worth mentioning. The most noted battle took place July, 1878, between two colonies, of red ants. The victorious army were medium in size, and numbered many thousands ; those captuted were a much larger ant, but not so numerous. The large ants, after a desperate resistance, were forced out of their fort, four or five small ants holding on to the antennae and legs of the prisoner. The captives were usually taken a few inches from the fort and liberated. All the ants returned to the fight except one, who would stand facing his captive for a few moments, then taking hold of the antennae of the pri- soner give three or four pulls ; after wait- ing a short time the pulling was repeated with more determination ; the big ant not re- sponding, he was savagely jerked, then he of the pr^sdpejrs gave out so much.pidHng. I , f6r ho otbet; purpose ;tl afreets anpposfed to hfe tbe pri iei wait je peated t lot re tl eh he j it issuing j tflfT »it:i|rou d ap :tar, then p ck up romfe. Thul \ as re-, k'the batQdl Some ] captive^ Tbey wer^ pi ' sweets were jijo free.-A. their _ with": ,t the j [of the i'.tetm ihnti ftiftir mjbilo ^ed"bo'. itfhwt iriJp 