English Gossip. TFIIOM "MANCHESTER WIEKLT TIMES."] CoEUESi'ONDBNCB has been going on in the papers ripon clerk's grievances. Hitherto the clerks have complained of tho competition amongst themselves. Wow they are venting their bitter nessof spirit npon the Germans, of whom the cry is " Still they come," and who by reason of their hotter education and their willingness to work for lower Wd,ges ore, we aro given to understand, gradually obtaining nearly all .the best places which wero formerly filled by Englishmen. But there ia only ono answer to this old utory, and that is the same which has been repeated over and over again. That the German clerk is as a rule bettor educated than his English confrere, in so far as he is generally able to speak one or two languages be sides bis own, is undeniable, and that his frugal habits enable him to live on a smaller salary is equally true. And, this being so, what do tho English complainants propose to do? We can not prevent the Germans from coming to Eng land, nor can we forbid English employers to take thom into service. There is only one remedy. The English clerk market is greatly overstocked, and parents who have any sense are doing their BonB a positive injury by bringing them np to the business, unless they have a prospect of being able to assist them into good positions. Until the middle classes, and for that matter the working classes too, get rid of the foolish and snobbish notion that manual labour is degrading, and that their sons must be brought tip to some " genteel employment," the position of clerks will never be any better. Take, for in stance, the casu of men working in any of the great London banks. For. every vacancy that occurs in these places there are, as a rule, scoree, and oven hundreds of applicants, and when a young man has succeeded in getting in, be gene rally begins at a salary of ¿£80 a year, rising by gradations to JÊ150, where he stops, unless he rinds especial favour in the managerial eyes. He may he a man of exceptional abiSty, but tho probabi lity is that amongst some hundred» of clerks there are many as good as ho, and tho chances are obviously against anyone individual. It is a noto rious fact that there are in tho London banks hundreds of men past middle age who are receiv ing only from .£150 to £200 a year-able men, fit to take any position in the bank, but whose promotion is blocked by the rare occurrence of vacancies, and often by influenco exerted on behalf of competitors. The probability is that all these men, had they been brought up as mechanics might havo been themselves employers of labour now, and in independent positions, whereas the folly of parents and their own youthful vanity hos placed them in positions of nothing more than genteel penury. The Maharajah Duleep Singh, whose pecuniary affairs were brought beforo Parliament at the end of last session, is trying to raise the wind by the salo of a portion of tho game which ho preserves BO Btriufcly, ns Iiis tenants know to their cost. From an advor tiBcment in the FIELD it appears that his High ness desires to sell 3000 livo cock pheasants at îa Gd each, to bo delivered as soon after the 1st of October aa they can bo caught, and also 100 hares mi coursing at 10s a piece. But although tho yirda^ and hares aro not to bo delivered till an udefinito time after the 1st proximo, this indian «*-potontate, who ia evidently a good man of [ \- ) business, stipulates that he shall have tho money first, so that none of my readers need apply unless they send -with the application a cheque crossed " Coutts and Co." The spectacle of a Maharajah turned poulterer is significant, m the extreme. 1 shall expect to seo bia Highness shortly open a stall in Leadenhall Market. Tho latest, and apparently the most accurate, estimate of the city companies, whose affairs are to bo inquired into by a Royal Commission, puts the total sum down at nearly a million a year. Tho companies themselves return their annual receipts at a little over .£100,000. It will be ox ceedinglv interesting to learn what becomes of the odd ¿900,000. The ex-Empress Eugenio is about to leave Chiselhurst for her chateau of Arcnenberg, in Switzerland, and il is stated that she contem plates taking her son's romains with her. It is to be hoped that the unfortunate lady's friends will dissuade her from any such project. Time, which heals most things, will bring some measure of relievo for her sorrow but not if a morbid feeling is indulged in the way suggested. The less the Ex empress liveB at Chiselhurst the moro likely is Bhe to recover her health and spirits. The GLOBE, which is still apparently unable to account for the defeat of ita friends at the general election, is again solacing itself with the assertion that the Liberal victory was largely due to the fact that the Reform Club had three times as much money at its disposal as tho Carlton. ' This may be true, for aught I know, but I am rather surprised to find that the political committee of the Reform, or of the Carlton either, have taken the GLOBK into their confidence, as they appa rently must have done, since that paper has such accurate information on the subject. The revival of "The Corsican Brothers" at the Lyceum Theatre has turned out what might have been expected-a great success; although even the superb mounting and the fine acting of Mr. Irving cannot disguise what a poor play it is. The rush for seats last Saturday was something tremendous. I passed the theatre at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, and saw ladies actually Bitting on camp stools outside the pit door, waiting for the opening at half-past G, and I was told that they had been there since noon. All this week there ha» been almost as much eagerness displayed to get in, and I believe that every seat is booked for weeks in advance. The scenery of tho piece has cost tho lessee no less than .£2000, and he has in addition gone to what I cannot but call the needless extravagance of putting up a magnificent silk velvet curtain, which has cost .£1000. The piece will no doubt have a long run, not owing to ita merits, but mainly because of the supernatural element in troduced into it, the experience of the past few nights having shown that people still like to have their feelings harrowed by melodramatic ghost otories. . P [FROM " TRUTH.] It is neveral years now since Her Majesty has halted at Holyrood. On leaving Balmoral early next month the Prince of Wales will go to Paris, and will pay several visits from there, including ono to the chateau of the Princess de Sagan, where there are to be great festivities in his honour. The Princess of Wales will go on a visit to the King and Queen of Denmark. There is no foundation for the statement that Prince Albert Victor will return home in the spring in order to prepare for the army. He will, on the contrary, remain with his younger brother, and the cruise of the Bacchante with Lord Clan william's e-quudron will extend, according to pre sent arrangements, until December, 1881. The Marquis of Lorne has sent a handsome silver medal to Private Alex. Ferguson, tho winner of the Queen's Prize at Wimbledon. The Governor-General of Canada, in forwarding the medal, also wrote a note expressing his satis tion at the honour Ferguson had brought on the marksmanship of the Argylshire regiment. Miss Helen Gladstone (the younger daughter of the Prime Minister) has left Harwarden for Nuneham College, where she is to act for a few months as-private secretary to the vice-principal. A matter which has given the Prime Minister an infinity of trouble has. b^een the appointment of three new Lords-in-Waiting. It was necessary to find Peers who, if they had not supported the Compensation Bill, had at least refrained from opposing it, and as the Queen does not like new faces abouther,thiswa8somewhatdifficuít,mostof the-. Court set having either voted against it, paired, or ostentatiously absented themselves. Lord Dal housie deserved to be remembered by the Ministry, to whom he may be expected to render good service in the House of Lords, and having been for Boveral years a member of the Duke of Edin burgh's household, he is an acceptable person to Her Majesty. Lord Thurlow probably owes his berth to the fact that he is son-in-law to the late Lord Elgin, with whom he was a great favourite. He went with him to China, and was afterwards (in India) his private secrctary.lv7j'or;£-''Thurlow retired from the diplomatic serVice (being last employed at the Hague^ca" succeeding to the Peerage. He is remarkable as having no fewer than four surnames. Lord Sandhuist is atpresont known to the world merely aB the eon of his father; he is a young peer of considerable ability and ad vanced Liberal opinions. [MANCHKBTKR " WKEKI.T TIMES."] A short tune ago a Mi s. Ward, of Sheifiold, gave birth to threo children, all of whom died. An application for the Queen's bounty was made, and tho following reply has been received :-"Lieut. General Sir Henry F. Ponsonby presents his com pliments to Mr. Thomas Collier, and with refer ence to his application, on behalf of Mr. Ward, has to acquaint him that the Queen sometimea gives .£3 to mothora of three children at a birth, but only when the children all survive, or at any rate live long enough to cause expense, and when tho parents aro respectable but too poor to meet the unforeseen demands for providing for thom at once without some little assistance. Any such donation is Bimply an. net of charity on tho part of tho Queen, n,nd is only gran! ed to those.who arc in poor and indigent circuinstancea." [FROM THE "VTORT>D."] ' Her Majesty still moves about in a very homely manner among the residents around .Balmoral, and seems to take a kindly interest in whatever in terests them. On Thursday last a reaping and binding machine Avas being tested, in presence of a number of farmers, on afield adjoining the well known Lochnagar distillery, Braemar, when the Queen and the Princess Beatrice and attendants drove up. A halt having been made by the Royal party, Her Majesty examined closely the operation of biiiding the sheaves, und having received an explanation of how the machins worked, ex pressed her high admiration of its capabili ties. It is, no doubt, to unassuming acts like these that Her Majesty owes much of her popularity among the .Decide Highlanders. If disappointment is expressed at the intended visit of the Prince of Wales to Australia being indefinitely deferred, it should be stated, as showing that his Royal Highness had not given the promise to the colonists in a mere meaning less spirit of courtesy, that inquiries were, no very long time back, made on behalf of the Prince as to whether Seraphis,in which he went to India, or one of thc other Imperial troopships, could, if required, be appropriated to his service. Tho fearful colliery explosion will entail a heavy loss financially on the Marquis of London derry, the owner of the mine, lt has been com puted that the cost of refitting the colliery for work, restoring the ventilation, and all its com plicated air chambers and apparatus, wil] exceed ¿610,000, whilst there will be a further loss in the diversion of traffic from the little port of Seaham Harbour, which is owned by Lord Londonderry, and where most of the ooal he produces is shipped. Mr. Santley may, if he choose, become as cele brated a singer in London as was the celebrated Fra Giovanni in Rome. Since he has become a Roman Catholic he has had ample temptation. He is implored by tho benevolent or the needy congregations to sing at their church festivals, and implored so eloquently, sometimes so piteously, that he finds it difficult to refuse. Only a Sunday ago he yielded to one " invitation the result being a more crowded and fashionable congregation than ever before filled the Passion ist. Church p.t Highgate. Mr. Santley sang the Offertory Hymn, and sang it so well that more attention was given to tho singer than to the celebrant in the sanctuary. Indeed the congre gation, audience I was going to write, with diffi culty restrained a burst of applause at the conclu sion. At a recent shorthorn salo at UnderTey Hall no less than .£2000 was given for a heifer-*' Lady Alice." This, however, was not the chief wonder of the gathering. The luncheon, I am told by an enthusiast, was a veritable marvel-a triumph of the art of cookery. It was prepared under Lady. Bective's own supervision, and some of the deli cacies, it was whispered, were the work of her fair hands. Certainly her ladyship has shown a determination of late to set a good example to the lndies of the county jn the matter of homely industry, Last year, I believe, she knitted caps for all the keepers on the estate, and, not conten b with being her own head cook, she has since taken to teaching tho farmers' wives how to prepare their husbands' dinners. Such lessons, given KO gracefully and at the right moment, won the Earl a good many votes at. the last election, when his seat was challenged by Sir Henry Tufton. A musical artiste, of course everyone on the music hall stage is an artiste, concludes a letter to the current number of thc ERA. thus: *' I om, sir, respectfully yours, Miss St. George Hussey («cc Mrs. Hussey)." Thisi3 doubtless one of the most extraordinary transformations on record. 