She Afghan Knife. A Tale of the Times. tBTf^EoDEET AsmTAQB Steenpale, F.E.G.S.] *tles! liesl they are Kaffirs, they aro Kaffirs ! heuc what is 'written in the book 1' screamed tbo *-ld fakir; but a thundering *cbnp!' (silence) from tiie crowd again restrained him for a while — an the Hakim continued,— ! ?Now listen, friends, to what is written, 'Thou | ehalt surely find the most violent of all men in ienniity against the true believers to bo the Jews ;«nd Idolatars, and thou ehalt surely find those among them to be most inclinable to entertain i friendship for the true believers who say, ' We I #re Christians.1 Surely brethren, we have lived \ Amongst those people in peace ; if they havo con quered us, they have laid no religious restrictions on nil, and therefore, on religious groundB, we Iliavo So quarrels it may be, friends, that the .*noient rnler of the country, the Baushah of ?Jlelhi, is striving to regain his sovereignty, and if he succeeds, tbe land will without doubt be a ?dar vX Islam ; but only Allah knows whether Mk irole will be more peaceable and just than -what vre&ow; enjoy. But my advice to you, oh, my ] ?friesda, ie — what are all these quarrels to you r — j lif the Badshah sends forth his armies and con jquers, then ftccept ye quietly his rule, otherwise ?koep ye quiet -within your doors, for this is not a matter of religion, but of lust and gain, and why 'will ye- lore life and wealth for nought ?' 'Tfr jb true, it is true — the Hakim Sahib is wise ?— what doth this matter concern nsf ' ?Oh, ye fools!' shrieked the fanatic ; 'who is it ye listen to? A Wahabi— a cursed Wahabi. JUay the curses of God, innumerable as the sands of ihe sea, light on the head of all who forsake Itha doctrines of Abu Hanifa, Aro ye 'Sunis, or dogs of Wahabis and :ShiaihBr But yo shall fall into perdition, for ye Slave .cast in your lot with the infidels.' Boi the, Hakim, when he had finished his speech, turned and took the road to his own house, and one by one the crowd dropped away, till only » solitary listener remained, and the old fanatic, inot caring to waste his eloquence \m so small an ?audience, hobbled off to his pony, and, mounting it, rented his spleen in various hard thwackswith iis cudgel. As the emissary urged on his unwilling beast of burden, his listener followed at a little distance. 3Io -was a tall man, attired somewhat like an Afghan, but his features were not of that aqui line type common to the northern race. Little, ihowever, could be seon of bis countenance, with the exception of nose and eyes, for the rest was iiidden by a bandage. He carried in bis hand a 'tall staff bound with iron lings, a formidable weapon wielded by muscular arms. He followed the equestrian slowly for a while, till ho came to a cross road leading to the garden in which was situated the deputy-magistrate's house, -which could bo seen in the midst of its orange and lemon trees; he here left the old preacher, and quickened his pace. On reaching the gate of the Munshi's garden he turned in, and soon found himself in the presence of the deputy, who was inspecting :the excavation of a new well. A few whispered words led to an immediate adjournment to the house, when, on feeling himself alone with the official, the spy took off his wrapper, and disclosed lie familiar face of Jeswunt Sing, who, repeating the tenour of the exhortation given that morning', urged on tie Munshi the prompt capture of the emissary, as a xueanB of ingratiating himself with, the English Government, who would be pleased -with his loyal energy. Munshi Karini-ullah seized the hint at once, end hastily writing a jpcru-aiuia to the police officer in charge of tbe out- post in the direction ?token by the fanatic, despatched a messenger on torseback with the missive, which contained an order for the arrest of the rebel ; tbiB done, he re turned to a secret conference with his follower, ?which lasted some time, after which Jeswunt Sing, binding-up his head again, took his departure, carefully avoiding any intercourse with tlie dopnty's servants. CHAPTEE XXI. There is a pretty custom amongst' the Mahome tans of India, after tbo fulfilment of same vow, of going down to the margin of some river or -tank with offerings and small lamps or earthen ?ware saucers containing-a little oil and a cotton ?wick, which they float on the calm -waters, after having offered fa tilia or prayers, and the passage of the little lamps donn the darkening stream hos a very pretty effect. At certain seasons of thQyoar, such as the festival of the Shabibarat, and in the month of Shaban, also at weddings, these Euperflnrial illuminations are carried out on a large scale and form a striking spectacle. It Se probable that the idea was borrowed from the Hindus, as the custom ia peculiar-to both religions in Hindustan. Amirun had made a vow in great rtrepidation, for she had been in grievous trouble. Sha derived, as we have said before, a -small pension iroin the British government on. account of her deceased husband, but now it was-stat«d that tho British rule was overthrown, and-the regiment to ?which he belonged- had not onlyxevoltwi, buthad committed grave crimes ; and where was her pension to come -from? 'Wouldjtbe Badshah of iDelhipayit? if not, what was tho use of up setting the raj of the English, who did pay well and regularly, bo they iuMcls or not f Where was she to get her -bread in these-hard times when ihe pittance of the widow waa taken away ! Tho old dame was inconsolable, and refused to listen to the pious exhortations of the Hakim. The matter was clear to her eyes, and not to be argued away or tie improved by pious ejaculations; Jieither tho Hakim Sahib nor anybody else could live upon moral aphorisms; book-learning was a good thing, but a pension paid down on the nail regularly every month was better ; and who was ?to give it to her now that the British raj was overthrown ? The only consolation she gat was when the old physician explained that the British mile was as yet not quite at on, end, though seriously imperilled ; eo Amirun made a tow that ehe would offer up fathia, i.e. prayers and alms, should her pension he secured; and: great -washer, joy when, as usual, the pay-master made the, customary allowance without failor objection. 'So Bhe prepared her nazar-vXlali, or offering to ?God, savoury pUao — rice prepared -with sugar and milk, sweetmeats and fruit — which she took down ?to the tank of Sher Shah, and there-distributed to the poor, who had a hint of what woe in store for, ?them. Then she made a little raft of: plantain ctalks, and decorated it with nowera,»and after setting tb.ereon.an offering of -come of the food, end some little lamps of earthenware, she lighted ihe wicks and floated off the little vessel on the calm surface of the pond; & fair more-lighted, eaacers were sent after it, and' they went along, gently propelled by the ? breeze, like ?twinkling etars in the deepening twilight. Amirun had persuaded AininaBibi to-let Fazilla go with her. For «omc time the old woman held out; she hadiad bad dreams, and had -Geenpro- tentoas omens, something evil was going to, Happen, and it'was better the gh-1 should stay at home; but Amirmi:got cross,-and FaziUn begged, to be allowed to go. Would not Abdul be with them? so what harm could happen ? No one in Sasseram would knowingly hurt, oue-of Sheikh Eoninat-ullah's household, so what lmd- ihey to. fearf Tho old woman gave in at last, buWery reluctantly, and she- cracked her knuckles over her adopted daughter's head, and hung an amulet round her neck, to ward off misfortune, ere she. Suffered her-to -depart* com the bouse. Abdul went with them, jmd all went well. The offerings -were made, and they watched the little lamps till they nickeredont, and then they turned to go home. It was a long evening, the day had been Bultry and oppressive, but a calm, stilly ULrht tad succeeded, brinorine relief t» all nature. Afltheredflushin the west faded out of the sky lie-moon gained in pqwnr, and flooded tbe country \aSi soft light, and deepened tho shadows under Hie mango groves. The ehoto-bttrsot, or little rains— a preliminary of the regular downpour. which lasts till the-autQinn^hsdfallen,and in the wayside pools and ditehes-a thousand little shrill f»i»nnia of bright-eyed frogs chirruped and croaked. £& a masmer that drowned cven'tb.e noisy* tacadaa. Over the marshy ground and under tho ; aense foliage of ihe mango trees flitted myriads ' otflre-flies, and overhead, weird and ghost-like, i flapped the pinions of the giant amonget bate, the, »arbog*I»or flying-loxj.aa Si sarared.- the country. K. torfcoit. \ 