\- .The report bf'the ' RoyalkCoinmisaion- tip- pointed to inquire into nnd report upon the hetual state and prospect of the fisheries of the colony, is, as the Premier remarked when lie submitted .it to; Parliament, a - very": valuable one. ' But' .throughout it is one long story of dolinqueiieies-on the "part -of our -legislators. Aiiy- member, can . find7time and secure an . audieiice'if lie wislies ;to. ventilate some ' merely personal or local grievance, in which not half a score persons in the colony have more'thnn the remotest interest. But for so truly national a work as the conservation from wan ton and wholesale destruction of a species of food that Providence has placed -in-unlimited quantities on our shores for our use and disposal, Parliament seems to have neither tlie inblinatiori ; nor the; ability. 'On, tone occasion, in: 1876i liorr. lnembers did" awake to a tardy 'sense of their duties iii this _ respect ; but, what was - the result? A Royal Commission appointed to take tho question of the oyster fisheries into considera tion, and the report ..-which; like the present one, was of. a'very valuable nature, contained the draft of a Bill, with which nothing what ever was done. The case seems to be that we import annually about £150,000 worth1 of- preserved fish, whilst we .have- abundant material ready to , our hands for' an- export trade of ten times that amount. Not only is this so, but the supply-: is utterly inadequate to' the requirements ofthe local mnrket:' To quote from' the Commissioners' report : —''We ascertained that there are several "places in the city of Sydney itself whore " fish is . rarely if ever seen, . and whore " the people have become so entirely unaccus- " touted to. tho use of it ns an article of food, that they seldom if ever think of purchasing " it. From this limitation of the means of " consumption, it may fairly he inferred that " any unusual excess of supply immediately " and considerably lowers the price. There " are no arrangements for distribution, there " are no moans of preservation, and the " Inarket is easily overloaded. During the " winter months a trade with some towns in " the interior is done by some few of the fish " agents in Sydney, and considerable " quantities of sea-fish ' are sent inland ; "but during the summer months, as " no conveniences exist for the carriage " in ice: of the fish, the trade is entirely " suspended." Turn we from the miserable picture, to see iwhat is done elsewhere. . The trade in oysters from -Baltimore is £2,500,000 sterling per annum, and the export from Chesa peake Pay is £1,000,000 sterling per annum. At home tho Wick fishery alone sends away nearly one million's worth of herrings, and others prosper in like proportion. What is ..wanted here is a close season, and then a law to prohibit the use of nets with a mesh under a certain size. Nets are now U6ed, enclosing an area of half a mile, with meshes so' small that nothing can escape them. This whole sale process is. called " mortgaging "-—sug gested probably by the idea of " foreclosure." ' The . report ;say8, . " The fish are followed up li to every creek and cranny by their relent-, "less human .enemies,' and so perpetually " hunted that they are forced to deposit their " spawn on tho water, where it is utterly lost." Of course, "until J there is a dose season it is oufc/of the question to talk of the establish ment of " claircB " or fattening bods . for young oysters. Legislation is required ; hut it is not all: . The whole question, respecting which- a' small volume might be written, should bo considered with' the great, one that has been brought to' a head by the successful Strathleven experiment. This, if it prpved nothing else, demonstrated to an absolute certainty that, daring the hottest months of the year, fresh fish can be kept as long as tnoy be required. The expense of keeping a few toqs of fish in n refrigerating room on shore would, of course, be less than it would be-in the hold of a vessel the building of which cost -half a million of money. Front a fish market conducted on. this- .principle every housekeeper might order his or her schnapper, duo supply of gar-fish, or whatnot one week in advance, and depend upon receiv ing it to the hour in prime condition. Tite supply would be.regnlar instead of intermit tent, and/this; in itself would create a demand. Instead of there;bcing,.as the Commissioners report, occasionally " tons of fish brought to " the " shore for.no Fetter, purpose than to ' be left to rot," all might be preserved. But iyet another element requires to be introduced. From Tcrrignl to " Bird Island,' tlie Com missioners aay, '.it' it : ;is almost : impossible " to - .find a . sauare... . furlonc inntbn- " anted .-byi,.-..tbc schnapper or - other equally good fish'. 'Thc grbunds are mostly " fished by: schnapper mcn, to whom, hardy and " enterprising ns they arc, the distance of 30- " miles from market forms a formidable ob- " stacle . during .the prevalence' of strong " southerly or nortli-easterly winds." What iB wanted is, : says the report, strong, roomy steam-vesselB, with good ice-houses; The steam, however, would only bo required for use when the wind wns unfavourable ; and, in the opinion of the commissioners, who made elaborate calculations, they should prove highly remunerative. At prcsont there is : but one steam vessel in tho trade, and she cannot trade north and south atj one time. If, the Commissioners argue, "suitable vessels were constructed and " equipped, and the necessary capital and " enterprise were forthcoming, there can be " no doubt that n profitable industry lies " ready for immediate development,- not only " oii the midtlje, but also, on the outer " fisheries." Another portion of tlie report lias a reference to- the Bill introduced by Mr. Hoskins to validate, the leases of some oyster beds. If, say the Commissioners, "those " who lease oyster beds can show that "they -have expended capital nnd judg- nient in improving the capacity and yield of their beds, we think that they " should have a right to a constant renewal " of their leases without additional rental, ". while those who simply, exhaust ' the beds " without keeping up the supply should have " their occupancy quickly terminated." Pro- now granted would have very long to run. The whole question is one that ' concerns the food of the people, a valuable branch of trade that ought to belong to us, and u profitable Bource of employment to a large section of tlie population. The Commissioners are to be 'complimented on "the energy_.and perseverance they have displayed, and on the exhaustive and admirable report' tliey have produced. ;Last Saturday afternoon a gale from tho weBt broke over Sydney Harbour, and the (lives of a great number of -persons who had been tempted by the apparently lino weather to; venture on boating excursions in the bay were fori some time in extreme peril. : Provi dentially no fatal casualties'! occurred ; but there is a lcskon "of very ..considerable im portance tb be learned front the report of what-, did take place.. iT'liero Care >.'two /..classes of danger to which "every, jne;;is Yhipro'!' or. less liable, the one to a certain extent preventible, and the other that is beyond the reach of human calculations and precautions. For litany centuries most accidents on sea water vrqre placed in the latter- .category,! but latterly science has done - so - much in interpreting the laws Of .st'orms.'tlmt wb are ihitlie position, which the mariners of olden days would have envied, of: foretelling the probable force, effect, nnd di'rcction of the winds that for a timo-'may: be expected to rule the waves on various : coast .line's.-. This fact was brought home to us: b'y!tlie, report, published nt the close of last ycnr, of the pro ceedings at the Intercolonial Motcprological Conference, held at the Sydney Observatory (in- November, at the suggestion of tlie Govern ment Astronomer, whose .very excellent little pamphlet, respecting meteorological observa tions, &c.;, accompanied by a capital map nnd a diagram, we noticed the other day. Taking advantage of the Exhibition, lie requested the Government to "invite representatives of the Australasian colonics . to, a. Con ference, which was — attended by the astronomers front New Zealand, Soiith Aus tralia, Victoria; and this colony.'- At this Con ference. Mr. Todd, from- South Australia, stated that " his observations tended to show " a great regularity in the easterly march of V disturbances from tho westward." Mr. Russell said, " lit the severe gale in which the " Dandenong .was .wrecked, it had subse- " quently appeared thatT valuable information f might have been given sufficiently in ,'i advance to prevent the great loss of " property which 'took place if, that informs-: " lion1 could have been furnished to the " shipping interest at the different ports " along the coast." Attention was di rected to the hurricane which struck the Lacepede Islands,, on the liofth- west coast, in 1878, reached Eucla on tlie 29th, Cape Borda by midnight, and Ilobart Town 24 hours after it passed the Great Bight: Of course a gale is liable to deflection if; it should meet other currents ; but quite sufficient evidence wns brought forward to warrant tho adoption by the Conference of the resolution that, in the opinion of tho repre sentatives, an expenditure, which need not exceed more than n few hundreds per annum, oh weather reports to be transmitted by tele gram fromone colony to another, "was justified " .by the extreme importance to the shipping interest of early information of the approach " of dangerous easterly and westerly winds." It wob further agreed by the Conference that the full report of the proceedings should be submitted to the Governments of tlie various colonies interested. What is re quired to be known -at the present stage' is, what conclusion, if any, the Government of this colony has arrived at respecting the re port? Surely in these days, when Cabinet Ministers are sometimes compelled to express stirpriso at tho simplicity and puerility, not to ' say ignorance, which some of the questions propounded by lion, members displny, a query ' might be addressed to the Colonial. Secretary on this matter. The facts, which ought' to serve as a warning, lie in very small compass. Last week there was a wind, wliich increased in severity as it travelled further south, ou the west const of Australia. At midday on Saturday it had become a gale at Eden. Had this information been telegraphed to Mr. Russell, with tlie' low reading of the barometer, he could have told almost to an hour when the gale might be expected nt. Sydney. When tho Yarra Ynrra wns wrecked, two years ago, the gale travelled over the same course, and was recorded at station after station along the coast line. If the report of the Conference bad been adopted by the Government, Mr. Bussell would, at noon on Saturday, have hoisted the storm drum, and the occupants of scores of small vessels would linvo profited by the signal, and would not have been placed in the peril tlicy were after tlie storm broke. Of course, if they had been drowned, our remarks would have appeared to have had force lent to them; but, not the less, prudence seems to require that the warning " which', has been given should not be disregarded. Lady Augustus Loftus held a reception at Government House yesterday afternoon. The weather was clear and mild, and the assemblage; which was a large one, comprised the elite of Sydney and its surroundings. The band of the Permanent Artillery, under the leadership of Mr, Penuel, performed several selections during the afternoon.,,.; - : . aim misiruiiftu . uhukuiuis iiigii career in. England in a most -satisfactory manner, lly onr cable message this morning it will-be seen tliiit in the first innings of their match witli 18 of Hampshire they "made 250 runs. Murdoch "made "top score, when he was finally chuglit, and retired with 97 to his credit, and -Boyle, who was also caught; made 00. The home team went in late, and had made 15 with the loss of two wickets, when the stumps were drawn. The weather was beautifully tine, and the attendance exceptionally large. Great interest was taken in the match, and the play of the Australians ivas much admired. Tlie game will be resumed to-day. The Legislative Assembly yesterday had but a short sitting, the only measure under discussion being the Medical Biil brought iu by Dr. Bowker, which came up for a third time for its second reading. Mr. Melville made a lengthy speech against tlie Bill, which he characterised as being calculated to create a dangerous monopoly in favour of allopathic practitioners. The hon. member was interrupted at least a dozen times by attempts to count the House out, and the Speaker look occasion to chide hon. members for their want or decorum in doing so. On the debate being continued ly Mr. Lucas, a count out did take place, and the House consequently adjourned until Tuesday next. Mr. Buchanan, M.L.A., intends moving in the Assembly next Tuesday — "That an address be presented to the Governor, praying that his Excel lency will be pleased to canso to be laid upon the table.' of the House copies of all correspondence between Mr. John Sbcppard, M.P., or any other person or persons, and the sheriff or any member of the Government, Or any other officer of the Government, in reference to the arrest of Mr. G. R. Dibbs." Mr. W.-C. Browne, M.L.A., will ask the Colonial Secretary uext Tuesday afternoon, whether any (and, if so, wliatl report has been received by him with reference lo the alleged charge of cruelty re cently preferred against the Public school teacher at Singleton. in iiiiiuuuuiu (A iiujjuuibiuu 11/ tut; luijiiMCi lor Public Works yesterday, Mr. Koseby, M.L.A., felicitated Mr. Lackey upon being able, for the first time, to receive the gentlemen he was chaperoning in tlie "palatial ball" of the new Government offices, of which the city is so fully proud. Singular enough, one of the main objects of the deputation was to seek that better accom modation for carryirig on Government work which the new building so admirably supplies, and tlie Minister promised that in this respect the wishes of his petitioners should bo fully attended to. Tlie Public Works Department inlend losing no time in giving tlie residents of Sydney and the suburbs the benefit of tlie various lines of tramway authorised to be constructed by the Bill recently passed by the Legislature. It will be seen by our advertising columns that tlio Commissioner of Eailways has called for tenders for four of the lines — namely, from Darlinglmrst Court-house towards Woollahra and Waverley ; from Oxford- street, along Crown-street, to Cleveland-street: from Redfern Station to Hunter-street, parallel to the present line ; and from Elizabeth-Street towards Randwick. Tenders for. the former two lines are to he in on the 22nd June,- and for the latter two on25th instant.. -.The plans, Sec., may be seen at the office of the Engineer for Tramways, Elizabeths street. It is intended to push forward tlie work as rapidly as ' possible, and more lines would linve been commenced had it. not been for the difficulty of obtaining material and . men, and the undesira-. bility of keeping a; number of 'strcets unavailable fo£ traffic for_a lengthened period. " : . The fire which- broke out at- Messrs.- Harrison and Attwood's premises on Thursday night was a most disastrous one, and. resulted iu damage to building and stock amounting-to over £2000. The premises were the property of -Mr. Ebcuczer Vickery and were insured iu. the Pacific Co. for ,£G00. The stock wits covered by policies iii .the Imperial (£8000), Northern (£1000), nnd Royal (£1000). The tire (the origin of- which is as yet unknown) broke out in the upper ."storey of the" building, the whole of which wns gutted. The stock in the lower portion of tlie building wns considerably damaged by, the streams of water poured into tlie premises and lias since been removed to Messrs! Fruzcr and Co.'s auction rooms for sale. The statement that the No. 2 Volunteer Company's engine wns first on the scene has been contradicted, tho Insurance Brigade claiming the prior position. Considering that the latter was the first to open up tho dam, and that the No: 2 had to draw upon them for water, it would seem that the Insurance were entitled to first honors which, on Thursday night, were un fairly claimed by the No. 2 Company. Superin tendent Bowen and Mr. Atlwood were the iirst.to enter the burning building, and worked their way up to the portion of tlie building which was oni fire with considerable difficulty, -.but without - being able to ascertain how the fire originated. The prospectus appears in another column of the Now South Wales Fresh Food- Export Co., with a capital of £100,000, in 10(000 shares of £10 each, with power to increase. Sydney will be the head-quarters of the company, the object of which is to erect machinery and store-houses for freezing anil storing meat and produce for export, and to act as agents for graziers and others in freezing, storing, and exporting meat and produce. As soon as 5000 shares arc applied for, a provisional secretary will be appointed, directors elected, and articles "of association adopted. The first duties of the directors will be to secure a suitable site, on a water frontage for the erection of freezing, ma chinery and plant, with necessary store-houses and buildings, and to purchase and erect freezing ma chinery of the mort approved and modern inven tion. The company will, ns far as practicable, confine itself to the business of freezing nnd storing meat on account of graziers and merchants, so that vessels arriving may be loaded without delay. A petition is in course of signature through- oat the various wards of tho city from the r..t»payers and residents to the "mayor and a'derraen, praying tho immediate conversion of a portion of the old Exhibition Building into a meat market, with refrigerating stores. It is nrged that the city is supplied with meat of n very inferior description, although the cattle and sheep on tlie Australian pastures are as good as any in the world.' This is considered to be a consequence of their treatment on their way to the market, and to the present mode of eon- ducting the trade, which is said to be "a disgrace to humanity." It is contended that if a suitable 'market can be provided, easily connected with tho railway, and in a central positioq. a vcrv much better quality can, by tho aid of artificial "cold; be sold to consumers, without waste, and at much less cost. The market would, of course, brin" in a considerable revenue, to the city funds. The finance committee of tho City Council met yesterday morning at the Town Hall ; the Mayor (Alderman J. Fowler) in the chair. The only ' business transacted was the passing of accounts and wages. Amongst tlie former was one, from Sir. Wicsener for £139 10s lOd for repairs to the town clock. Some discussion took place OTer the item, which, it appeared, had been verbally author iscd by 'Alderman Taylor p uiSua.it to instructions- by. the cx-Mnyor, (Alderman C. J. Roberts) m limit' being fixed as to the cost, except that it war to be reasonable. - Alderman Roberta stated that he did not remember giving any such instruction? : bnt he thought it probable that Alderman Taylor" bad misconstrued something he had said, as he had never attempted to expend .any large sum without the Council's authority, 'taciturn was then passed and the meeting adjourned. ' The trial of Louis Sampson, charged with com mitting wilful and corrupt perjury dnrin" the- recent slander action Shepherd v. Dibbs, wasfixed' yesterday by his Honor Mr. Justice Faucctt, at the Central Criminal Sessions, for Tuesday next. The Attorney-General and Mr. Manning will conduct- the prosecution, and Sfr. Buchanan, air. Want and Mr. Barton, instructed by Mr. W. Roberts, wil'l'ap- pcar for the defendant. It is expected tlie trial will last two days. The sittings of the Central Criminal Sessions were continued at the Darlinghurst Court-house yesterday, before His Honor Mr. Justice Faucett. Mr, Docker conducted tlie prosecutions on behalf of the Crown. I-Ienry Allan was found guilty of burglary and sentenced to 18 months' imprison ment. in Darlinglmrst gaol. John Doran, charged' with the larceny of a quantity of wearing apparel from the Murrurundi station, where he "was em ployed as station clerk, pleaded not guilty, and1 was defended by Jit-, llavdon, instructed by R. WindeyerThompson, of WesiMaitland. The juryj after deliberating four hours and a half, retUrned' into Court without being able to agree to their verdict. His Honor said he would not try the pri soner again, and the jury were discharged. The.- following prisoners, convicted of assaulting Con stables Hayes and Todd, in Sussex-street, in Feb ruary last, were brought up and sentenced — Ryan, and Tarbuck two years. Cochrane IS monthB . Riddle 12 months, Connors two years, and Chap man IS months' imprisonment with hard labour in Dariinghurst gaol: 'Henry Crossing and Darid. Jones, convicted on the previous day of larceny' wnrp punb Kpritp.npp.d tn nine nmnllm' i iv. n ri . v. vrith hard ialwur in.iarlingharst gaol. Tlie Government' astronomer (Mr. H.:C. Russell); reports as follows, upon the weatbor of the- past week " Friday, the 7th instant, was fine, '.a light: wind blowing from tlie north-west. Early on Saturday morning the velocity of the wind con siderably increased, and during the afternoon it- ' veered round to the west, and finally at G p.m.. to . the south-west. At 20 minutes past G o'clock a very violent squall burst over tlie city from the- 'west, obtaining a maximum of 70 miles an hour, but lusting at its height only about 10 minutes. Fifty miles was tho velocity recorded from half- past 5 till half-past G. Tlie wind eoniinued to be very unsteady until 11 p.m., when it settled, down at about west, blowing fresh all-' night, at the rate of from 30 to ft)'- miles per hour, but gradually moderating, At 9 a.m. on Sunday the wind had fallen to a register of 14 miles per hour, but during the day it increased and blew strongly from the west, reaeiri ingjjits greatest velocity at 25 minutes past 3, when it registered 01 miles per lionr. On Monday tlie gale gradually abated, and on Tuesday there were southerly anil westerly winds. Since Tuesday fine weather has prevailed. The squall experienced in Sydney broke upon the southern districts of Vic toria as a strong south-west gale, accompanied by heavy rain and a high sea on the coast. On Mon day the heavy sea extended as far as Cape George, but it had not been severe north of that point. A comparison of tlie violence of the squall of the 8th. instant, with the list of some of the greatest wind pressures recorded since the erection of the anemometer at the Sydney Observatory in 18G3, shows that it was but a- " capful," as sailors would say, to some of the storms which have been experienced. In the gale in which the Dandenong, steamer, was lost, on the 10th September, 187K, tlie velocity of the wind was 153 miles per hour, being the greatest force on record. In Mr. Russell's book on. " The Climate of Now South Wales," in which this record is given, mention is made that, incredible as the strength of the wind may appear, the instru- ment cannot have recorded too ranch. It wns carefully watched, nnd if there is any error the- velocity given is less than the truth. Much damage was done along tlie coast. In Sydney roofs and chimneys suffered considerable damage ; the roof of one church, at Balmain, was destroyed ; many strong buildings- were shaken. On the Gth September, .1874, :a gale blew nt the rate of 88 miles an hour, doing a great deal of damage at the- Observatory. One' of the transit of Venus' houses was blown over and smashed. At various times within the last ten years storms have registered, in force, from S3 to 92 miles an hour. In some instances sharks display even greater- impudence and more overweening confidence in their own prowess than human beings, and a case . in point occurred this week near Sydney. An eye witness states that a couple of boys were bathing at Manly Beach, when a huge shark, which had- espied them from afar off and determined, if pos sible. to make a meal of them, showed his detested form. The boys of course made frantic efforts to regain the land, and the marine monster,, fearful of losing his preyj exerted himself to the utmost, and leapt high in the air. after them. Fortunately lie missed his mark, but so great was the leap that lie was left high and dry on tlie beach, flapping liis tail on the sand and struggling ntndly to regain liis natural element.. The tide was ebbing fast, however, and he failed, while n number of fishermen, having observed him, now attacked him -with ropes, and, "having secured his tail, dragged liini further ashore and killed him. Occurrences such ns these should act us cautions to those who are so reckless of their lives as to.bathe in unprotected waters, for though - in this instance the shark's temerity resulted only in liis death, .circumstances might "not always . be so unfavourable to him. An inquest on tlie body of a child named Benja min David .Bertram, . 3 years of age, was held .by the City Coroner , at 1'yrmont yesterday. The circumstances under- which the child died were,, that on 'Wednesday last ho was with his mother in the house. .She had occasion lo go downstairs, but had not been long absent when a boy ran in and- informed her that the child had fallen from the balcony of tho house, while climbing over, to the footpath, a distance of 14 foet. Medical assistance was procured, and the child lingered for seven or eight hours, when 'he died, the immediate cause of death being compression of, or cffuMon on, tbe brain. A verdict of " accidental death " tvaa returned. ' The frequenters of the Water Police Court ott licensing days were rather disappointed-yesterday in nothing sensational being brought forth. At 12 o'clock the magistrates then occupying the bench vacated it, and for some time it. appeared ns if none could be found to fill tho breach. At Inst tlie services of Messrs. Hyam nnd Bird were secured, and the applications on the sheet were disposed of without nny difficulty. Tho following transfers were granted Louis Wein, International Hotel, . King- street, to John Bntlcr ; John Laxton, Victoria Inn, l'almcr-street, to Thomas Charnlcy ; John Blnkev, Shamrock Inn, Woolloomooloo, to William Sehafer ; Atiuio Dunn, Norfolk l'ioe Hotel, William-street, to Edward Goodsir ; John Clinch, Clarendon Hotel, Oxford-street, to Jlnry Ward. Temporary extensious of licenses were granted to Chariot F, Strut ton, George Cook, aud John D. Voting. The aquatic community will have several things to engage their attention this afternoon. In addi tion to the events to come off in connection with the various rowing clubs, there is the outrigger race between Sullivan and Lynch, over the Cham pion course, Pnrrnmntta ltiver. Prior to this, a match will be decided between Gordon nnd Occles, over the same water, for £50. Both men are com parative strangers to us as scullers, but the former is said to bo a coming man. In connection with this latter, the steamer Nautilus will leave the Parramntta River Company's wharf at 2 o'clock sharp, conveying intending spectators. His Honor tho Chief Justice lias been pleased to appoint Mr. Charles John Muddle, Deputy Registrar-General, a commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking affidavits within the colony. Tho Illustrated Sydney News for the present fortnight has a characteristic colonial supplement entitled ' A Bullock Driver." The supplement is pictorial and coloured, and is n very natural repre sentation of a member of what might almost be called a profession. Tho contents of the number are specially goad, nnd include an illustration of the closing of tlie International Exhibition, and some excellent sketches taken during the hearing of tlie celebrated licensing cases. A neglected waif named Peter I.ouglirin, 12 years of age, was brought, up -before the Water Police Bench yesterday, having been found wnndering in the streets, and having no ostensible occupation. Their worships ordered him to be sent on board the training ship Vernon. A respectably-dress;'-' yenug girl named Clara Arelibold was charged nt tlie Water Police Court yesterday with having, by lucansof false pretences, obtained from Henry James Quonbock certain. goods . (silver - jewellery), valued at £S 10s, with inten t to defraud. Previous, to any evidence being "" -taken, Mr. It. 13. Smith, who appenrcd. for the gccuaed, applied for a remand, stating that he. would call some witnesses for the. .defence, from whom some strange facts would bo . elicited. The case was accordingly remanded for a week. It is notified that the Colonial; Publishing Society having been constituted, and . the shares allotted, the allotment fee of os per share is made payable at 315 Pitt- street, on or before the 3 1st instant. ' There are still remaining some unallotted shares, for whiih application will be received, the fee being -2s fid, which, with that of allotment, makes a stim of 7s fid per share payable- before the 1st proximo. : N The' City Coroner held an inquest yesterday, at the Dublin Tavern, Rcdfcrn, on the remains of a man named Charles Carpenter, 30 years of age, who died at noon on Thursday under peculiar cir cumstances.; It appeared that on the morning of the day named deceased was observed by Mrs. Hoskins, with whom he lodged to look unwell, and she gate him some brandy and water thinking it would recover him. She did not see him after that, and nothing concerning him is known until he was found in his bed quite dead; Constable Kinland, who searched the room of deceased, discovered a bottle labelled " Poison," a piece of paper which lie supposed to have been a prescription, and a small quantity of a white substance resembling paste. Dr. Phillips stated that in his opinion death had resulted frorti poisoning, nnd the in quiry was adjourned in order for the analysis of the contents of the stomach to be made "by Mr. "Watt, chemist. In the Jury Court yesterday the case Zcplin v. -the North German Insnrance Company was called on and postponed to the next sittings, as His Honor, Mr. Justice' 'Windeyer,' who had directed the action for malicious prosecution when Attorney- General; was now the presiding Judge, and did not wish to hear it. ' An application was. made, in Chambers before Mr. Justice Windeyer yesterday moriiing, in the case, ex.<parU Campbell, in re - Campbell v, the Commercial Bank, the plaintiff calling on. the dc- iendhnts.to show cause why two . writs of ft.' fa., issued by. the defendants' for the recovery of two separate hills of cost's,' should not be set aside, or the proceedings stayed therein. Plaintiff's action had been tried once, and he had got a verdict with damages. Defendants obtained a rule nisi to set that verdict' aside, and it was made absolute with costs' against the plaintiff, who appealed to the Privy Council, arid the appeal was dismissed with costs. Defendants issued execution for costs in both cases, and sequestrated the plaintiff's estate. The Chief Commissioner in Insolvency made the order nisi for the sequestration of the estate abso lute; whereupon plaintiff appealed to the Full Court, and, the appeal being upset, the sequestra tion was set aside. Mr. Justice Windeyer now granted the application, so far as the staying of proceedings w;is concerned, 011 the writs of ji. fa,, with costs. The matter was adifficnlt one, and his Honor thought it should he tried on its merits rather than have the plaintiff virtually stepped by the enforcement of the writs. He added that if the case could not lie tried before the 2fitb instant some arrangement might be made to try it during terra time, as it ivas understood the Chief Justice would be able to return to the Bench about the 17th of June. The Florida Water case once more cropped up in Court yesterday, this time in the form of an equity suit, instituted by the proprietors of Murray and Lanman's fluid of that name, to restrain Mr. Charles Moore, of Pitt-street, from vending a perfume bearing a label similar to that registered by the; plaintiffs. The affidavit of the latter set forth. that the label complained of had been origin ally invented in 18-12 by Messrs. Lauman and Kemp, the predecessors of the plaintiff's firm, and that it had been used by them ever since. It was registered in the colony in 1873. Last year the defendant was selling a label almost a fao simile of that used by the plaintiffs, with the names of " J. Delcroix and Co., 158 New Bond-street and Hatton Garden, London," in a circle, and " Price and Co., 200 Regent-street and Hntton Garden," also in a circle, in phicc of the plaintiffs' names. Action was thcn.takcn, bat the matter was allowed to stand over to enable, the defendant, who was only a consignee, to communicate with his princi pals in London. Mr. Owen, instructed by Messrs. Bradley arid Son, yesterday moved for the restrain ing injunction in the present case, and Mr. Daw- . son, instructed .by Messrs, Stephen, Lawrence and Jacques, consented to a perpetual one. The ease Walker v. Ferrier and others, which was commenced before Mr. Justice Windeyer and a jury of four on Thursday, was resumed yester day. It was an action to eject the defendants from the Temple Court Restaurant, King-street, on the ground that .the smell arising- from the kitchen was offensive to those occupying chambers above. A verdict was given for the plaintiff, and defend ants wore ordered to leavo within a month. It is announced by the Immigration Officer that the single, women just arrived by tlie immigrant ship Olyd&will; be for hire at the depot, Hyde Park, at noon on Tuesday next. Married couples and single men will be for hire at the hiring- room Fort Macqnario, 011 Monday nnd Tuesday, between the hours of 9 a.m. and noon. . The Rev. J. Tyormnn will deliver a lecture nt the Victoria Theatre to- morrow evening, the text of which will he " Is there a devil." Excursion tickets are to be issued lo all stations on 'ffie'-New South. AValcs railways for distances over 30 miles, on - Friday arid Saturday next, and for distances over 30 miles on the following Mon day (Queen's Birthday). Special trains will be run to the suburbs as' required. Tourists' trains will leave Sydney on Saturday morning, 22 ml May, for Bowontels and Moss Viile, at 7 and 7 .-15, returning on the morningof Tuesday, the 25tli instant. Visitors to the New Zealand Court of the late International Exhibition could riot foil to; be struck with the number of excellent paintings with which that section of the Garden Palace was adorned, and .it is now announced that a number of the best of them are to be disposed of by art union. The pictures are by the following well known artists : — J: Gully, J. Gibb, J. C. Hoyte, and L. Neville, and are all descriptive 'of- the most note worthy features in the grand scenery of New Zealand, -They-may he seen nt Messrs. Nicholson and Aschcrbcrg's, George- street. Particulars as' to the price of tickets, &c.;,' are advertised in another column. The order of service at St. Andrew's- Cathedral for to-morrow (Whit Sunday) is as follows : — Magnificat, " Stainer in B Nunc Dimittis, "Stainer in B Anthem, " O Holy Ghost," Mac- farrcn ; Hymns, 221 and 22G, Mercer. Iu the 18 hours' walking match between Edwards and.Baker, both men kept on the track with but slight intermissions' throughout yesterday. Baker completed liis 70lli mile nt a quarter to 1 o'clock, the champion completing the same distance just a mihute before the hour struck. The attciulnucc last night was fair, and considerable excitement wa3 manifested as Edwards slowly, but surely, drew upon liis loader. At 7 minutes to 10 o'clock the latter had reached his ' 120th mile, when he retired.yjlaker being, about a mile behind.. At 10.20 the board showed both men level, with Baker still on the track, Edwards seems to bet lie fresher of the two, and the hard nature of the walking ground is telling against Baker, wholiinps slightly as though his feet wore blistering. The walking Will he continued during to-day, and will Apish at 10 o'clock punctually this evening. The quarrel . between the proprietors of the Macleay Herald and the Macleay Chronicle was yes terday settled in the Jury Court in a manner, mora amicable than might have boon expected from the language made use of by the defendant. . The action was brought by Mr. Dense against Gnbell for , and the Vie fondant paid £(>0 costs, and agreed to make nil nmple apology to the plaintiff. Intending passengers to Melbourne have the op portunity just now of taking advantage of the competition which has sprung up amongst steam boat proprietors. Messrs. Howard Smith and Sons announce that saloon passengers will be booked to 'Melbourne by the s.s. Rodondo, to-ilav, for £2, or £-1 to Adelaide. The steerage passage is£l and £2, respectively. O11 Tuesday the Lcnra will run at the same rates; which will remain in force till further notice. -The Government has purchased the nine pieces of sculpture exhibited iii tho Fine Art Gallery of the Garden ; Palace. Those are, severally: Cupid captured by Venus, La Somnnmbuhi, The Prisoner of- Love, Preparing for Bed, The Geiiius of Com merce, Industry,- The Little Architect, I.ittlo Music, nut- "0ni'!0 watching the light at the window, f ubhc attention was directed to these beautiful works cf art in on article that appeared in this journal soon . after - .the International Exhibition was opened, 'fhei r excellence was further attested by the special critic of Osn Argus, who wrote of them m terms of the wannest approbation. Three or .qur of the largest have been illustrated and de- "Sjnbed ..in. the London Art Journal. Signor f oatana, it will also be recollected, has an order jtam the Government to complete three large statues, within two years from the date of his nrrirnl in London, representing the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and one emblematic of New , South Wales, according to models that have been submitted nnd approved. They are to be G feet C inchesin height, of tbo purest Carrara marble. A blind man" named John English, 70 years- of age, was admitted into the Sydney Infirmary yesterday by Dr.Browne,suffcringfrom a compound fracture of the right leg, caused by his having been run over by a cab during the evening. His injuries received every attention at the doctor's hands. Shortly after fi o'clock yesterday evening a man named George Hamilton was admitted into the Sydney Infirmary by Dr. Hastie, suffering from fracture to tho thigh and injuries to the' side, received through his running a milk eart,' which ho was driving at a rapid speed, into another milk cart, Hamilton, when admitted, was suffering from the effects of drink. We have received a copy of the May number of the Independent, published this day by Messrs. John Woods ami Co., of 13 Bridge- street. It is crowded with information of an interesting nature to members of the denomination, and a large quan- titp of original matter is introduced. The editor complains of liis space being inadequate to the re quirements of tho Congregationalists, and recom mends a more frequent issue of the magazine. This is evidently , a good sign, as displaying an amount of interest in its success, which must be grateful to tho members of the Union, under whose direction the pnper is published. Mr. Charles Bright will lecture at the Theatre Royal to-morrow evening, on "The Light of Asia the Lord Buddba." _Mr. G, Garton will lecture on Monday evening, the 17th instant, at the new Temperance Hall, Pitt-street, on " The Psychological Influence of Lj-ccuin Tcach- ' tag." The lecture will be in connection .with the Psychological Society. ;A rate of Is in the £ has been levied in the muni cipality of Ashficld, and a, court of appeal will be held "at Newtown on Friday, the. 28th instant, in tending applicants muBt give seven days' notice of appeal. A brigade order has been issued to the effect that the Volunteer Forces at head quarters and the 3rd Regiment of the New South Wales Volunteer Infan try will be reviewed on the anniversary of the Queen's Birthday by his Excellency the Governor; -1UU.VU1 .UBIUKHUUII U 1 tuu XJClUIlUarUL UDrOllgn council to alter tho levels of Norton-street is pub lished in our advertising columns, and tenders are called for the work. Mr. W.'J. Harris will lecture at Bobbins' rooms, JamieEOn-street, to-night, when a mesmeric seance will also be held. ; A. meeting of the committee on judging and awards will be held at the offices of the Commissioner at It a.m. on Tuesday. ' The nursery of Messrs. Shepherd and Co., to which reference was made in our issue of Wednesday last, is at George-street West, not Darling Harbour. In our advertising columns will be found a notice respecting the registry office of Mr. Carlos H. Siinmonds, of 222 Castlereagh-street. The arrange ments are such that those in want of employment and those in search of servants may be brought together without delay, the ramifications of the office extending throughout the country. The Young Men's Christian Association will hold an excursion to Pearl Bay on the Queen's Birthday (Monday week). A meeting of the Balmain Bowling Club will bo held at the School of Arts, Darling-street, on Thurs day, the 20tli instant. The Colonial Publishing Society having been con stituted, the allotment fee on the shares of 5s each is payable at the I Fords- of Grace office, 315 Pitt- street. A special meeting of the Operative Masons will be held at the Bclmoro Arms, Pitt-street, on Monday evening, to lake into consideration the wages question. A. tea meeting is to be held in the school -room ad joining St. Barnabas' Church, on Tuesday evening, to celebrate the 7th anniversary of the Rev. J, Banner's ministry. Following the tea there will be a public meeting, at which addresses will be delivered by clergymen and othors. The 1 1th anniversary of the Wycliffe Orange Lodge will be celebrated by a dinner and lecture, at the Protestant Hall, Castlereagh-street, on Thursday evening, 20th May. Free Christian addresses will be delivered to morrow by the Rev. J. A. Dowie, at the Internatioual Hall, moraingand evening. The following is the report of tho Benevolent Asylum for the week ending 1 1th May : — Ad mitted, 7 women, 1 child; births 2, deaths t infant; discharged, 12 women, 13 children ; remaining in the house, 811 women, 171 children ; fresh applicants for relief, 2 ; provisions distributed, 940 loaves bread, 8391b flour, 1221b beef, and small quantities of oat meal, sago, sugar, itc. ; cases reported by the in spector, 7 ; total number relieved, 221. 