THE CONTRIBUTOR. SOCIAL REFORMS. Br J. M. 41 Innovation is the sole ground of security."-BUCKLE. I think nothing Bpeaks so much for the innate goodness of the human heart as the toleration which is accorded to rites and cus toms which have not only long survived their ueeB, but which intiict on the victims who affect them positive pain and annoyance. They had once a meaning; time was when they were august and imposing; they guided thoughts and ruled lives. Now, alas ! their glory has departed, and they linger, as did Tithonus, " A white-haired shadow, roaming like a dream The ever-efleut spaces of the East." Bat we are grateful for what they have done for us in the past, and we tenderly tolerate them, sometimes for generations alter their work has been done. There comes, however, a timp when a long-suffering people arises in its might, and sayB, " Alas, poor old. ghost; get thee gone and revisit never more 4 the glimpses of the'moon,' for we are weary of thee, and can tolerate thee not an hour logger." And straightway the rite or the custom fades like a cloud, and the earth is ' purged of it for ever more. flow among the rites which the coming generation may be expected to doom in the ab^ve manner, I confidently expect that of aftfr-dinner oratory to be numbered. In the few; remarks I have to offer upon this topic, X htye po.intention of suggesting that after dinner speechifying should be immediately abolished. Though I believe that course wopld be the best for the human race, I am. loth to interfere . with the enjoy* meat of ,those who like speechifying, no matter how much I pity the listeners. The time, no doubt, will come when the man giwnto this kind of thing will be regarded as either a depraved miscreant or a dangetooB Watin- But it has not come yet, and mean while let the man who delights to babble insincere nonsense " over the walnuts and the nine" be still a babbler. There is a class, however, who do not like to . babble, and I submit they also have claim* to be respected. This class, as a role, is composed of silent men, who perhaps do more work and more dunking twm the babblers, bnt have a constitutional aversion to wear their hearts upon their sleeves " foe daws to neck, at." Many of them would rather face the cannon's mouth than make a speech, It is pitiful to see what ghastly failures too often make when forced to stand on ; legs and address theirfellow-men. I know i this peculiarity is regarded by some as a .brtune. It may be for the man himself, bet what a blessing for his fellows. Seeing what the race suffers at present from indis criminate and never-ending speechmaking, I think we should cherish as public bene factors the still men who in " a blatant land" cannot "return thanks" without breaking into profuse perspiration and incoherent muttenngs. Now, one of the objects of this paper was to offer a few suggestions for the relief of silent men, and the indirect discpupgement of after dinner speechmaking. It may atany time be the misfortune of the most inoffensive to have his health proposed ;to tbemost blameless die d»rk hour may com* *rnpumi«guided friends may present -him with a testimonial Both .occasions demand from the hapless wretch a set speech, ami; as sostotr ia at present constituted tfce calamity is unavoidable. Tbongh , ibe recipients of these honours maype inarticulate, and .tapuner and bluah-~^Q»gh when on theurlega they an feeble luaa itftuava. and pitiful and mean looking-njnay au» toman. Their very agonr xdftMt UttiVmUi USheir despair says, to usejSxWs .worts, " In vain thou deniest it^. nog artUna brother, and I crave from tbefe pity and p, (Wireranoe from thfsfi bonds, infp tare let the silentman remain silent. Let^ Ityplphle, in bis wonted ne&t; and happy manner propose thehealthof ' our esteemed friend B.Now the most that can he expected of the latter is a tok»n that he appreciates the compli ment At present tbis .Mom isa .peech in reply,, but need it always fee, mt jjfi there anything in the ostvn of thingp.to peevent B, »f a silent mw, from returning jtbanka,hT dan«in| a fandango, or from Mill on Liberty, or" u minute, reappearing ae a s&fe;'&isss;? AsL-r sense of A s politeness may assume Mebound ieMbV.lt he is musioal he migut charm his heaiecs with aBeetbovea sonata i should he be jaiven toarTl£ wightS'Sand, his 1aids acquired Cun*-; were hia taate# scieo nate, I presnme even the greatest stickler for the present custom would not prevent him from banding to each guest a paid-up Bcrip in some of his prosperous ventures. If he ia a landed oligarch" he might present to each fortunate convive a villa allot ment, or a back block, or a three-toothed wether, or any of those good things which are possessed in abundance by members of that degraded class. But if A, in stead of being voluble, be incoherent and bashful, what a relief it would be, both to himself and hiB hearers, if he could propose B's health, and dwell on his virtues and extol his achievements in other ways than by speech-making. If the occasion were a " Liberal" banquet, in honour of a returned ambassador, what a Boothing departure from the ordinary r6le it would be to illustrate the career and virtues of the guest by a series of descriptive poses plastiquea. On a curtained platform at the end of the banquetting-hall the living tableaux could be graphically presented by a corps of artists trained to their work by long and arduous labour. Then we conld have-(1) Oar honoured guest on the tailor's board in tbe poor but honest abode of hia parents at Chelsea; (2) our H. G. doing a limited but strictly legitimate retail gocery business at the antipodes; (3) our . G. making this a fine country for the working man ; (4) our H. G. aB St. George and the dragon administering the final blow to the " oligarchs." I think I have given in the above remarks a few hints which, if generally acted upon, would increase the sum of human happiness, and diminish, in an appreciable degree, the weight of human woe. I have lived too long to expect that anything that I could say or do would bring about any immediate or wholesale change. A reformer is either very young or very foolish who thinks that he can " Cleanse the foul body of the infected world, 11 tbcy will patiently receive my medicine." Reformera, I have observed, generally remain to the end of the chapter both young and foolish as regards the things of this world. They are, to use an old phrase, "eaten up with zeal," and their mission fills the firma ment from the rising to the going down of the sun. They are frequently not easy people to live with, yet Talleyrand never scud a crueller or a falser thing than " point de zele," for what would life be without those generous and enthusiastic zealots who are the salt of the earth, even if they are the most consummate of bores. Yes, the abuse will live out our day, but the world will surely grow aweary of it, and the man will come who " At first volley of his cannon shot, Batters the walls of the old fusty world." When the man and the hour have come the days of insincere after-dinner oratory will be numbered. The reform proposed above would of course be liable, like other blessings, to be abuBed by the evil-minded. It was abused at an entertainment given a short time ago, when a guest, by way of returning thanks lor the drinking of his health, recited to the miserable revellers three books of his un published epic, the SqiMttiad. This poem de scribed the rise and progress of the pas toral interest dt the Antipodes, and it con tained pedigrees of celebrated "Lincolns" and illustrious " stud bullB," but its reading was a convivial solecism. Time and ex perience, however, would doubtless suggest the proper mode of dealing with such of fenders, and I presume no penalties would be deemed too severe which prevented the in fliction of such' torture aft the Sqttatliad must have caused.' ?' Another social reform, regarding which I wish to speak, though perhaps quit© as im portant aa that I hav6 just been discussing, is not so pressing, and may be discussed with less beat and more equanimity. It is more (.esthetic than moral, and while it might in troduce moreof ."sweetness and light" into our prosaic Uvea, its most ardent supporters coulanot assert of it that it "would directly mitigate anyOf our sorrows or soothe any of ourgriefs. 1 allude to the question of men's clothing. From the' ssicjea barriers which hedge in all that pedains1x> the clothing and adornment of tiroQitiC IHoeel that profane man should retire IraniMy afar off. If,the. Dean of Jfietboume should any afternoon be smitten with the desire to wear a' scarlet waistcoat buttoned over his sable frock-coat, or to go accoutred, as to bis lower limbs, with mocassins instead of gaiters, J presume that a special assembly 01 the Church would be called to deal with the scandoL Or should the Chief Justice be seen any morning, tripping airily to the halls of justice with a peacock's feather stuck in his hat, 1 feel certain that an address from both Houses of Parliament praying the Governor to suspend the delinquent from bis high functions till the objectionable ornament was removed would be the inevitable result But why so 1 Coleridge, in bis admirable translation of Schillers " Wallenstein," makes the hero say "For time consecrates. , And what it grey with age becomes religion." In this time-consecrated custom of deans not wearing red waistcoats or mocassins and chief justices not tripping airily adorned with peacocks' feathers would lie the " bead and front" of their offending. But we should remember that " Not clinging-to some ancient saw, Nor mattered by some modem term, NorswUt, nor Blow to change, but firm, And in its season brought the law." All laws, therefore, axe innovations, they alter the old in response to the demands of the new, and the most time-honoured custom of the present was once regarded by mouldy Tories as an impertinent Interference frith the arrangements of the " best of all possible worlds." Under the influence.of such considerations, then, I proceed to. the discussion of the reform with a trulyByench lightness of heart Why should not the'streets of Melbourne be rendered romantic land picturesque with the garbs and appendages of all races and all climes. Ju0t the Irishman wear his frieze and twirl his shiUelaoh, Jet the Scotchman don his kilt, ana we Italian or Spaniard clothe himself with his sombrero and first-murderer's cloak, with the folds thrown back over his left Bhoulder. If the see'fitto sitin the judgment ^r<dlthad in^a' fifcld marshal's uniform, ittnightgive a semi festive and fcourt-martially air to &'e proceed rata, butneed not on that account Interfere wth th^ legal acumen andimpartfality of his decision in a case tn banco. I feel certain that the j dean's red waistcoat and mocassins would :nM hive any appreciable influence with the final selection of the cathedral site, ot $hfi modification of' the tenets of the church on the question of infant baptism. If the right to year ^hat he listed were con ceded eyeqr man, consider what a happy go. would be effected." " 'Change ve iinpart^ to it all the variety and aeneas of s fanpy drew ball The solma^apd nuteteer.'Ch^h m Snttday6wbuld be the reverent reunion tinder one fane of allctwU, and iac«. from, the cradletothe grave,%ould to* goweoua pageant, toll of colour, and mo« J ana incident. Tunewaa when. itwaanecsaatSB to b«dge to; $V&ry; nation^ and everTT* fesM^mdtrtde, with its dia&tewl; i costawe. 'Mankind had ptopeawftoSfl abort BOabe ftom the agea ot b&vsukk; rlrl men like those aJlnaed to to Sit ThomS Mote's CTtopta, " while they .were &t; w0l were clothed with leather and skins cast cal leaaly abont them, whibh'wBi Uat 8e,J i yeara," that one cannot wonder at ths cautions taken to prevent a rfelapafc into J mitive leather and jifeins. "Bat jdl that! changed now. we need npt entertaia » such iear. On the contrary, we dxtnddttte the tyranny of owe tailor. We Bhoalde, be heedful of Carlyle'a wordB in Sartor i sort«8, "Clothes have made menofus,ti ate threatening to make dothes-acreem UB.'' 