AN AGRICULTURAL RIP VAN WINKLE. (A Protectionist peep into the Future, from the Chaplin and Mclver standpoint.) Rip awoke, and, palling himself together, wearily descended the mountain. He had closed his eyes in England—it was in England that he now opened them, after fifty years' elnmber. Sleepy Hollow, when he left it, had been a village devoted to agricultural pursuits. As he came within sight of the spot he expected to find the cornfields or pastures ne remembered. Much to his surprise the land, although un encumbered with bricks and mortar, was qnite uncultivated. Thistles and brambles were .growing in rank luxuriance, and there was not a stalk of corn or a blade of grass to be seen anywhere. As he descended into the valley he met some children, but they expressed no astonishment at seeing him. After half a century's exposure to the weather Ids garments were naturally dilapi dated, but still they were in better repair than the clothes of these wretched ragged Uttle ones. As he passed they held out their thin hands and asked for a penny. Unable to satisfy their demands, he passed on, wondering, and soon found himself in the High-street of his native village. As he gazed at the row of tenantless cottages, which he remembered noisy with in dustrious inmates and playful children, a dis reputable-looking, unkempt, and unshorn man, with bis beard and hair filled with sawdust,] approached him, and asked him who and what he was. Bip blushed a little, as he remembered the revels of his younger days, but he replied— "My name is Bip Van Winkle, and I suppose I was a British farmer, although I used to spend the greater part of my time in sport." " I know. I have heard my grandfather say they all did that in the olden time," returned the new-comer, dolefully. " Shooting, and hunting, and fishing, and playing on the piano forte! Ah—they bad fine lives of it in the good old times! Not only the farmer, but his m'ssis, and his daughters at the boarding-school, and his sons up at the University! But it's all passed away—all passed away ?" '" Who and what are you ?" asked Bip. "A British farmer of the twentieth century," returned the distressed agriculturist, sorrow fully. " Ob, you still have farmers " Well, we keep up the name; but we get all our com from Canada and the United States." " And your meat?" " From Australia, and North and South America together." " And your milk and butter ?" " Oh from all over the place, except England." About a hundred years ago an enterprising foreigner discovered how to keep butter and milk sweet for any length of time. So we have had to give up our dairies." " Ab, I think I remember something about that!" murmured Bip. "They were talking about it just before I fell asleep." " Yes, everything has passed away from us— cattle, sheep, poultry, milk, cheese, butter, green crops, corn,fruit, vegetables, everything! They all come from abroad nowadays !" "And how do you pay for them?" asked Bip. " Pay! bless you!" said the farmer." we don't pay. They give 'em us. Still, a man must have pocket money end his little 'luxuries.'" " Yes, certainly," said Rip, consolingly. " And what do you do for them ?" " Well, we bave had to take up a trade that the Yankees have quite discarded. Since they have become the food-producers of the world tbey can afford to let us have a monopoly. " I see. So the work of the British farmer of the twentieth century is to manufacture " The agriculturist blushed deeply, and replied, " Is to manufacture wooden nutmegs!" " Oh, I think I had better try 10 get another nap stammered out Bip, as he thoughtfully rcascended his mountain, sighing, " And that's what free trade has brought us to! Oh, shade of Ocbden, if ghosts had only heads to punch!" —Punch. 