? VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. THE CATHEDRAL ORGAN. The blessing of the new organ of the Metropolitan Church by his Grace the Archbishop took place on Sunday last. Whit Sunday. His Grace pontificated at eleven o'clock. The Very Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, V.G., was assistant priest; the gev. J. Heffernan, deacon; the Rev, P. J. Aylward, sub-deacon; the Very Eev. Dean England and the Rev. Mr. Luby were deacons at the throne; and the Very Rev. Dean Donaghy was master of the ceremonies. Previous to the celebration of the Mass, his Grace, attended by the clergy and the acolytes, proceeded to the organ gallery and blessed the new instrument. The choir performed Gounod's Mease Solennelle. The principal vocalists were : Mrs. Howitz, soprano ; Mrs. Cutter, contralto; Mr. W. Staker, tenor; and Mr. B. T. Moroney, bass. Mr. L. L. Lewis presided at the organ, and Mr. A. Plumpton acted as conductor. Signor Paladini sang Giorza's 0 Salutaris, and Mrs. Cutter an Ave Maria. Mrs. Lupton accompanied those selections on the harp. In th.e evening Vespers were suDg, the Very Eev. Dean Donaghy presiding. His Grace th.e Archbishop was present, attended by the Eev. P. J. Aylward. Mr. C. A. Tracy, the organist, presided at the organ, A sermon on the subject of the descent of the Holy Ghost was preached by the Eev. J. Heffernan, who, towards the close of his discourse, alluded to the ceremony which had taken place in the morningr, and referred to all the Catholio Church had done for the promotion of the fine arts, and for European civilisation. After the sermon, Benediction of th.e Most Holy Sacrament was given by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General. The Stabat Mater of Rossini was afterwards performed by the principals and chorus^ of the choir. Mr. L. L. Lewis accompanied on the organ. Collections were made morning and evening for the choir fund. WHIT SUNDAY. On last Sunday, Pentecost Sunday, Solemn High Mass was celebrated in St. Francis' Church at eleven o'clock. The Very Rev. Archpriest O'Meara officiated as celebrant, the Rev. W. O'Callaghau as deacon, and the Rev. Mr. M'Kenna »B tub-deacon. Giorza's Messe Solennelle was rendered by the choir. The principal vocalists were Miss Rosalie Merz, soprano ; Miss M. O'Brien, mezzo-soprano ; Signor Coy, tenor; and Mr. W. R. Furlong, bass. Mr. C. Sykes presided at the organ, and Mr. Furlong, the choirmaster, conducted. The musical service was in the highest degree creditable to principals and ohorus. •Willi' MONDAY. On Whit Monday, Masses were celebrated in the Cathedral at the same hours as on Sundays, and Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament was given in the evening. ST. FRANCIS CHURCH. The beautifnl life-size statue of Oar Lady and Child, which stands over the altar of the Lady-chapel of St. Francis' Church, is about to be re-decorated and gilt. At present it is painted white, but that will not be the permanent colour. The statue will be decorated and gilt in keeping with the hues of the chapel, as it has been hitherto. RELIGIOUS SOCIETIES. The usual weekly meeting of the St. Patrick's Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Tuesday evening in St. Patrick's schoolroom; the president, Bro. T. Woods, in the chair. Mr. James Coyle was admitted a member, and there was one nomination for membership, Bro. T. Woods' notice of motion that a magazine be started, to which it shall be oompulsory for members to contribute, was adjourned till next Tuesday evening. Several pf the , members contributed materially towards the enjoyment of the Averting. A vote of thanks to the visiting brothers was proposed by Bro. Rahilly, seconded by Bro. Dunckley, and carried with acclamation. Bro. P. F. Healy, president of the Melbourne Society, responded, and hoped that the societies would often exchange visits with each other. The meetingclosed, as usual, with prayer. The usual monthly 'meeting of the St. Bridget's Christian Doctrine Sooietyj North Fitzroy, took place on Sunday last; the Very Rev. Dean Dbnaghv in the chair. Messrs. J." Donnelly ana J. Daveron, senior, {orthe gentlemen; and Misses Parker and Daveron, for the ladies, were appointed delegates "fco attend a conference of Christian Doctrine Societies, to be held in fit. Patrick's Cathedral on Sunday, the 30th inst. Mr. J. Nightingale, secretary of the jate concert in aid of the school fund—by which nearly £16 was cleared—read the balance-sheet, which was adopted. He received a hearty vote of thanks. The reverend chairman closed the meeting with prayer. The fifteenth social evening of the St. Kilda Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Thursday, the 13th inst., and proved a great success. Dancing was kept up for several hours, and daring the interval several songB and recitations were given in very good style. 8T. MAET'A, HOTHAM. The bazaar and art-union held some short time ago in aid of the building funds of St Mary's and St. Michael's, Hotham, have been finally dealt with at a very full meeting of the lady stallholders and committee in the presbytery, St. Mary's. The balance-Bheet showed that the handsome amount of £450 had been netted, and expended on enlargement of St. Michael's, sitting accommodation in St. Mary's, together with fencing, planting, and other improvements in connection with the two buildings. An additional expenditure of £250 has been incurred npon fresh additions to St. Michael's, and the ladies have undertaken to raise that amount, and so add to services they have already rendered the Very Rev. Dean England, whose labours to keep up the schools in connection with the church in the district have been for years past most arduous. At the conclusion of the business a handsome testimonial - from the bazaar and art-union committee, consisting of beautiful gold brooch with diamond settings, and an address, expressive of their appreciation of services rendered, was presented to Miss M. Bailey, who had discharged in a highly creditable manner the duties of secretary to the undertaking. (From our Oeelong Correspondent.) FIRST COMMUNION. As in past years, Thursday next (the Feast of Corpus Christi) will be rendered interesting by the pleasing ceremony of First Communion. At the early Mass in St. Mary's, on that day, about 80 children will receive it for the first time. ST. JOSEPH'S INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL. On to-morrow (Sunday) the annual collection in aid of this excellent institution will be made in both churches. The school is under the superintendence of the local Sisters of Mercy, and has done good service in the past by opportunely rescuing many hapless little Catholic girls from the evil courses into which they were drifting. The admirable manner in which the institution is conducted is evidenced by the following remarks of the Government inspector:— " I have no desire," he writes, in a recent report, " to withhold the credit due either to individuals or institutions. Of the convents at Abbotsford and Geelong it has always been my pleasing duty to report favourably. The care and attention paid to the children by the ladies is most praiseworthy." And in another place he observes :—" These convent industrial schools continue to give evidence of the careful and kindly management which the ladies of those institutions exercise in dealing with the children under their control." No doubt, the appeal on behalf of the school will be as liberally responded to as on former occasions. CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN'S ASSOCIATION. At last meeting letters were read from the Melbourne and Emerald Hill Societies in reference to the proposed football match—Geelong versus Melbourne and suburbs—and, in deference to the wishes of the metropolitans, it was decided to postpone the match until a later period of the season. This arrangement will, no doubt, give mutual satisfaction, as it will afforid both teams more time for practice, and thereby render the contest more equal. Readings and recitations were given. by Messrs. Wallace, Trait, Butler, Connor, Dunne, Keenan, Ferguson, and Butters, some of the pieces being given in a creditable and highlyeffective style. 