fotelkr. AN OLD KENTISH TOWN. Wandeuinq tho rr.3ti con3t; of tho couuey Ii'iut, the tourkb who bus limo to uparf-, and v/i.o ja iuipj-i viouo to i h ?) noi y ullvftutior.ifl oi tho iwmj? wavorin^-pl'-.-tn (ioViod hlong i^t will fiurt :i qumit lk:u; tltl vrorM town rt.\ndir^ iu n -rohy plcr'n u lit t b.itk from tho ton, wImca will V7i-ii ton.ty tau t;r iuvtr of mniqwfy i who liui^r* ih?i-o fov n oi* tv?o. The ; n-vr\o oi tho ia Si.Ddwi'-'h. If h»i h^s ' 0V4 r Ll-cii in Hollsiit). hn v.ill thicii ho I tuddcnly boen tiv-mpOL^H1, th»»*cf lio t ho fl'.'; ? l.-'bflncnpo ' iiiiroiiipt: itsolf boforo him, with only here and there a fow cattle grazing; and occasionally a low red-tiled roof touched hy tho sun, making ti bit of warm colour in 1ho midst of the universal greyuess. Treeless — save for a fen* melancholy poplars— and dreary enough it looks, even in tho mellow light of a clear Autumnal day, as you speed along in the' train, a mode of locomotion which seems strangely out of keeping with tho scene. A Hat-bottomed punt, moving lazily along a canal would be tho means of progression to be cxpeoted in this dim and colourless scenery. Presently you alight at the little station, where the momentary stir and bustle brings you hack ta the times -you live in. JJut as you shoulder your knapsack, and wander away through the silent and deserted streets in search of a hostelry, you feel as tho professor may j have felt in Hans Anderson's story, when I he drew on the goloshes of Happiness, and | found hiuiself suddenly in the Copenhagen of the middle ages. The spirit of mo place— supposing you to bo at all imaginative — will already begin to influence you, aud you wiil probably turn from the modern inn — though that is quiet enough — and hoaituto wnother you will locate yourself ut the Flcurs c?e Lis or the Mermaid or tho Kiny's Arms, which attract yon by thoir over hanging fitories and gabli'3, i«ud ttiocuvv iuga of grotesque wooden ugiuvs which support tbeui. Your choice made, you will probably be rewarded by cntiug your supptr in a room where tho mantelpiece is composed of (Dutch tiloa, roul Dutch tile?, brought over by real Dutchmen iu the reigti of Elizabeth, and where the oak carvings of tho ceiling would almost do credit to Gibbons. Your tea, should you indulge in that modest beverage, will be served to you in a pot of real dclf ; and should you partake of a glass ol: toddy before you tarn in for tho night, you may perchauce have the Bpirits brought to you in & square bottle which beard tbe date 1741, aud tho name of tho then Mayor of Sandwich. AVhen you stroll forth in the morning, your sketch-book under your tu-m, iu search of some quaint or d liuty u bib' with which to oaricii your c.mvas, yoi; had that jour oaly aililouUy wiil boiu making c. good solvation from thy many pictuioa you oho nrouDu you. Hero a De Hoogb, tiihfe a I Vim dor Hoyden, seem to havo lefc tnoir ! fr.mios aud takoa up their abodu in thcao 1 silent und gruge-gto.m atvcuU. Fjr fi.u-ut Lucy art), even in tueaa t-iiriy tnumiLj jjouri', whou the Htdloess in 0'whur to mis is broken by the whittle ot the labourer ou hia wuy to work, by the lowing oi cattio, by the f«tctoty bell, or the distant: hum of inaci-iiiGry. H«rj no fcnoh jiouuds break tho .sSiJiii»cs. We presume that, as there aro lioueeg, thety must bo iuhabictints ; but wo come across them only horo and thero as we ttike our morning walk, unless wo look bae't over our ehouJder, when wt) see IjGtidtf appearing ac door and window, vmtoiiiug tho t% a^lrau^ie^:,, with euriou/i eyes. ' What ia thore to bo seen iu tho town ?' wo lifK our landjaay, ad we prepare to sully ^ fortli, oketoh'buok ia hand. 11 Well, noc rnubij, sir,' is the nnsatio (autory -uuswer; 'La r'o is ihe hoasa !u which Qucon iilizvouih blt-p'.' [aoiquiioua monaroii, wlo seetas tj huve felbptiuevdiy town iu /.«er kingdom] ; ?» and St. CieweatV and Si. Peer's Cmucbea j ana— and— unu I uia niruid tiiut is »U.' Somewhat discouraged, my companion and I start on a voyage of disco v«jry to look for Queeu Elizabeth's house. Wo have not 1'ar to go; it is but just round the corner; and procuring the key from a highly loquacious dame, who is much in censed at our rejection of her proii'erod company and explanations, we unlock the door aud enter. Nothing to see I Why, it is worth a journey from town only to spend an hour in the room in which we now* find ourselves. A delightful room — all oak ; carving, dark with age— low and large— grotesque heads looking down on us from the ceiling, from the midst of wreaths cf flowers and fruits; panels— sliding panels, au j-uuuu ub. -au oaiieu emmney pieeo with a hunting scene inlaid in different coloured woods, which stand out woll, even now, from the nearly black oak; and brass dogs ou the empty hearth. Wo almost expect to seo one of the panels disappear, and some proscribed Jacobite come forth from his place of concealment. 'What business nave we denizens of tne modem world here ?' wo ask ourselvea as wo ascend the stair, treading softly and speaking low, for tear of disturbing tlie ghosts who surely have their abiding-place iu the dim pussugea. Oak-puneilud it certainly is also, though tho hand of some goth'has painted it a dirty white. My companion scrapes a bit of the paint olf with her knite, and, as wo see tne brown wood underneath, we givo a sympathetic groan over tne vandalism. But the desecrated stair leads us into the room in which Queen Elizabeth slept on the night of tho «31sb August, 1572, and which, fortunately, sacrilegious hands have spared. It is blinoot the counterpart or the room below it, except that tho very handsome and elaborately carved ceiling is of plaster, and the chimney and mantel piece carved and uoii inlaid. From the winuow we look on to the river Stour and over the flat and dreary landscape, to where tho Ranisgate cliifs aro shining brilliantly in the morning sun. Wo learn from lioys' 'History of Sandwich' that it was in Mr. Manwood's house that Her Majesty lay, 'a houso wherein King Hcury Y11I. . had been lodged twice btiforo.' ThegoudiHugedjjudofiiiocuwusbum, according to Uie same authority, to have provided many amusements ior ens Queen, and in their loyalty shu evidently had great fuith ; tor it is sp^oiuily recorded that, at a banquet prepared for her in tho school-house — consisting ol one hundred and aix6y dishes, served on a luble twunty.oight feet long— ueho was very merrye, and did eat of divers diwhes without any assaye.' And sho also accepted a silver- gilt uup we)l-mgn a cuoit high. Nothing fo see I Why, let us Btroll along Strand-street, hearing a littlo to our left, until wo comu to this Bame old sohool-houae, whioh was iounded by subscription,. under a promise from Mr. Manwood, afterwards Sir lioger— -probably the ? same in whoso houae tlie Queen slept— to endow it with lands oi sufficient vaiue to support the building aud maiatuin a muster. At one time no doubt, *? una » uwuuouiujj lUbUlUHOU J OUL like everything eiso around ns, it partakes now of the silence and doadness of the town. . Perhaps it is hoiiduy-time, perhaps the children are away ; but at all events the building is hore quaint and tall, with red tiled loof and qaeer high chimneys, whiuh look as it thoy might be dangerous neighbours in a gale ; und oud out- buildings, ana ninny pointed gables, ami tho date, 15 (M, in relief : on the frout laeing the roadway. We are told that it stood near Canterbury Gate ; but though the Canterbury Itoad is'here, tho Gate is a thing ol tho past. Whilo I am peering over tho low wall into tho grasB-grown oourt-yard, and moralising . over (hg duoay oi all human ingtitafriong, my . companion is iraus/miug tho old honyo to hor sketch book ; pnd vjhon nho hap fin/shod, I suggont ibrvt we should try and have tt pi'op at tho churohoH, which our landlady )ma montioiifd as being oi tlie lions of tho pl'tco. Wo go flrnV to S5. Olement's tho fqnarn luwet of whioh ia ono of tho most uucU'ut Sraou buildings in ISnglaed. It ia vrn^inciMtfid on each bido with ihioe lior^ of pillars ur'd oiruui^r nrchcs. Boys says that it had foimrriy a apiro and hattk-nifmU, wine,': -^.ken vowu lu^wjun tho \ou. 1070 aud 1678- Tuo chmflh \a built piitioi pal-y of bi.uiders )nlxed wifii rands^oiv.' fv«im Piy.-'ell Bnv, with iho cxciptioji of iho tower, wiiivj i? c:om|io.H'.d of Nv'rmii'jdy ylonn Tho r: iliug oi tho utivo is os or»k, in p.ntoltJ liko ihob'.' io Q :oon ElizVu'-th's hou^o, with oinuuiuidfl of lljwcrs and foliage, aud tuiguU holiiin^ Bhiehis. ThOij?ulit- in tho chaueul i;ro aifO oik, of vt'ry uncient di\t:e, and wuieh woimuitton. In Iho pavemout mio lnsny giavo-stones, originally omamonled, as we cun eoj, with iigares and duvict3 in brat;?, which havo biion removed ; and horo aud j thfci'o a fov auoiont til'.M Hiill remain. ! Tlio day U to clear th:U my companion 3U(.'goats tliat wo bhuuid acoeud Iho tower Qua ree thu view; whioh we ucoordingly do, and aro v/tli repaid foi* onr elitub. It stands in tho centre oi au almost level plaiu ; and wo ounuot help' thinking how often, iu ancient days, tho men of Sandwich must huve Hfleouded' that' tower to watch tho upproacu of an cntmy. For the old town has been attacked aiu1, t'lken many tiuic?, siuce the D.;nes, landing in Kent, lust piliuged it, according to uu anciout Saxou Ohrouicle, iu thu ypiu 851. ? Sandwich is not tho least impo;!unt ol the Oinquo Poxlo, aud many a uo;,r, nan Hiiueu iiom it again. me Krotich, nnd many a prizo ^owed into its liavon. Tho towii, lyiug at our feet, looks peaceful enough now* in tho morning sun shine, with tho bluo wreaths of smoko hovering lazily iu the still air over tho i-ic- turcsque tiled roo'.'s, which vary iu colour from yellow, through ovory shade and tone of red, to tho richest brown iu tlie shadows. And tho fleet of merchant-vessels lying windbouudin the Downs, speaks to wealth and commerce aud progress, instead of deadly war and tumult. Wonderfully a liolHiudisch ' the scene looks from this elevation. The poplars, the- windmills, tho universal flatness — except whore, on the horizon, the Keculvers just catch the sun. The whole scene must have reminded the Flemings who sctll-id here in tlie reign of Elizabeth, of tlie home and country lost to them. Whcnwo reluctantly descend, tho verger, who seems pleased at the interest wo manifest, takos ua into tho vestry and Biiovrs us a very ancitno register ol oivths, deaths, &nd; muriiogts, written on paroliment, und strongly bouud. Amoog the deaths, I find tbo following droll emrie.-v: la 1622 — 11 Old Mother Umlfcoa ; ' und a JiUle lower ou ; tho snmn page, .' Old Widow Woollst.' Iu lGlo — u lvtchHrd Biker, a very poor man ; aiiu — this strikes us as unkind — ' Sybil Muzrod, a very auoiv-nt maida.' in tiio same year it U recorded thttf; ' Mr. Peeko was very solamnly buried.' We wonder if thet'Oiemn ceremonies concluded witii a gre^t jjllillo.; tion, aud whother. all tha mourners ar. tLo funeral went sober to bed ! On tuo lone, as, v.«; come c»u*, we find Djo Gitque Ports army and tho lions of England quarieryd vath tho Ff--.acu ilrtur do li^. From St. Clement's. wo wend our way through the quiet street?, past what used to be the fish-market, with iLs old-fashioned gabLd houses, each story overhanging the other, until the topmost one looks as if it would fall into tho street below, until wo come to St. Peter's. Here wo are fortunate enough to meet with a most courteous gentleman, who, evidently glad ot' au intel ligent, liuinau being to speak to, accom panies us. into ti-e. church, and shows us some curious old Dutch monuments. From hitu wc learn that in olden times the prin cipalcupportoi'the vicar arosel'rom the tithes of flsh brought into the haven. It is to bo hoped that ho does n-jt no^v depend upou that, or I am. oft aid his siix^end would be ,but scanty. In tuo time of the liomau:-, no doubt Sandwich was washed by the sea, which has now. receded fully a mile; leaving between it and the town the l.»w lying mist-wreathed land, partly marsh, and partly sand, -of which I havo spoken. The name is tvidenfcly the Saxon Sandwic, or town on the sand. l^nj uow ii)gu uoou'; ond '? surely,*' we say to iiftoh other, wo' shall tee somo sign of lifti about tht» placs.'. .. But no, it looks as siluiv and destatod as it diu at ox in the morning ; uuu ic is difficult to realise that in tho duys of Kiug Canute it wad one of the mosi importuns of tne English ports. Wo winder into a queer lutio snop, full of curious oJtt bric-a-brac, and pick up, lor a m^ro song, s.'ine jure old Dutch tiies, relic« of Fiouiiisu settlors ; and one or two old Manduriu Chiua plates, whicu remind us of Uiu one ..f v.'nich Onaries Liimb speaks, on wuiou tho little gentleman is haudtug a oup ot tea to a iuuy two miles olf; and, joy of jo-s, a qui.iut old bottle, dated 1741, like the one we saw at the inn last night. If only we could carry them away, we would invest in a bewitching set of brass-mounted 'tall- boys,' and — for horo it is— the identical 'old clock on tho stairs' of which Long fellow has sung so sweetly. The shopkeeper — though that is far too modern n. vnrrl hv | which to describe him — and his wife nro chatty people, and evidently proud of the antiquity of their house, built, they tell us, early in the seventeenth century; and they show us a curious bit of old wall, which seems to corroborate their story. I ask them what they do in tho winter. ' Much the samo as in the summer/' is tho answer ; -rit is equally dull all the year round.' 44 Surely,'^ I say to my companion, as we leave the littlo shop and continue our walk, '? uny modern ltip Van Wiuklo might slumber here ior tweuty years, and on wak ing only road tho lupso of time in she silvered hair aud wrinkled chceks of his contemporaries.' Wo tako our way through Delf-atreet, Potter and Knightrider-streots, Batohory, Salutation— wuas queer old names — to the Fisher Gate, the' only one remaining of tho Gates which guve ogress from the town. It ubutB on the rm-r, and doubtless tho flsher : men landed there with their Bpoils from tho 1 sea. It has a pointed ^roii, and is in a stood the Pillory Gate, and ad we look up we I tee the word ' Pillory' written at a street I corner, though thoro is now only a timber yard where the Gate used to stand. Let us : hope that tlie piliory itself was ;dono iaway j with, as being of no farther use to tho I virtuous inhabitants. | Going a little further, we come to the Barbican; but although it bears tho anoient name, nothing of the original structure is ielt. It we go through it, und crossing the Stour, walk a short way along the Bamsgate road, we shall como to a curious pebbled ridge or bit of Bea.beaoh quite iniaud; but wo have not timo to-day, und indeed are loath to leave the old wallB whioh Btill sur round the town. So wo take a oircnitous xouio baok to our inn, coming across many a dainty bit of old oarving, many a curious gaoled huiito with low-arohed doorway and uiamond-iattioed windows. . One doorway of oak, which appears to havo reoently been picked out, bears tho Ciuque Ports Arms and the date ItiOl ; and we paeu a square uioh way, if we may so npeak, with a carved. wooden beam running along . it, through which we get & peep at a delicious mass of quaint ohminoys and riohly coloured roofs and pioturecque gabies, auiodg whioh tho waim shadows lie dreaming, which, framed by the ancient aroh, make a picture worthy the brudh of a Toniere. At length, tired out, we find ourselves again at. our- comfortable inn ; and waited on by our landlady in person,, we dawdle ovor our supper, talking over what wo havo scon, and looking nt ono or two sketches wo havo made. Our hostess is in tho midst i of an interesting account of some subter- I rtuiean passages which wore wont to be | used by tho smugglers, whon tho sound^ of a boll ooniosjbomo to ua through tho still ness. tf What is that P' wo asked, startled. 'That,' replies tho landlady — 'that is tho curfew,' That old-world sound scorns to riug in our oars when wo oloso our oyes in sloop, which wo do only to dream that wo aro iu the oak-panuellcd room of Mr. Mau wood's house, and that wo aro being presoutod to Ucr Gracious Majesty Queeu Elizabeth by lii?r Master of tho Horso, tho Earl of Leicester, 