]OOTHlALL. NOTES. k (By Folloreer.")i HE&iTHCOTE; t. WIno. D UCs; Saturday last was not the best of days for football, the. weather being rather warm, which may be. looked upon as a warning to~lovers of the game that the season for their favourite pastime is. fast drawing toa close. This was. the fourth, time these clubs have met during the season. The first game was. played at Heathcote, andresultedin, a victory fbr the locals by fou- goals. to nil;: on. the second occasion thefeathcote.Clubvisited Wild Duck, where they suffered defeat by 3 goals to 1; the third game, which took place at Heathcote,. resulted in a decisive victory for the " Hornets," by 6 goals to 2; and on Saturday last they were again successful. defeating the. ' Wild Ducks " by 3goals to 1. The fiest goal, however, whas disputed, AI'Eindley stating (and I have iw reason to doubt his wor.l) that the ball touched him before going through the posts. B13 this as it may, the goal umpire said the ball went through the posts, and as neither he nor the central umpire saw it tcoich a player, Heathcote scored a goal as a matter of course. It was late befoie the gaine was started, in conseqoeilce of some of the players not arrivini in ti:ne, and play had to be stopped u minutes under the hour in the second hia!f on account of darkness coming on and rendering it difficult to ,distinguish players. On the ball being kicekid olf, it ys imnneldiately rushed to the visitors' end, where for some time their back playcrs were kept busy in repelling ih -s tt.aks of the Wild Duck foriards, This, however, they managed to do without any result beyond a couple orbehiids. T.ie ball sas then removed to the ctier mnd, and first gool for Heaih cote kicked out of a scrimmage by Ryan. KIicked off from, the centre, the " Wild Ducks" again forced the ball into the visitors' territory,. but thin hacice were equal to- the.eminergonc:yad as ofteinas the ball came towards tlhe:n. theI. seit it back into the e..ntre, or- alone tim. left wing, whore play was kept for- song time. Wild Duck secured a cou ple.more behinds, and then by a good piece of play ou the part of the." Hornets' the baji was sent the whole length of the ground in 3.kicks,. and with the fourth through the goal: Wild Duck had obtained a behind, and on beiiig kicked off by Win. Ttobinson the ball was secired by Birthwick, who made a run of 30 or 4t) yards sndt passed it on to Hall, who in turn ggye C.ptaiu Robin son a marie about 40 arss away, and he by a fiuie place kick cent the lesthler Iying between the posts-2 goals to Heathcote. Beyond addigo to their-snumher of belinds neither aide obtained any advantriag ftom. this till half-time. On resuming, the " Hornets" again assumed the aggressi'e, but for some time without any rosalt, until J. Cullen got hold of the sphere iind by a gool hick safely piloted it between the uprights, much to our delight and the dismnay of the " WVild Ducks." who begans to think defeat was a foregone conclusion. From this out the "i urnets"' appeared to. tire, and the C Wild Ducks'a had much the best of the game until the call of time, and by M'Kindley's agency they secured one goal. The " Wild Ducks" appear to have profited by the game with the Ben digoniaus, as they gave 2 short marks for every 1 given by the visitors', and though defeated they received hiyso means a disgraceful thrasoing. 0: the two teams Heathcote had a litthl thi strongest, but the loss of such p'ayers as T. Dwyer and T. AM'Xntosh was no small one. On the other side, Madden, M'Grath, and A. Bowler were conspicuous by their absence. Where all played so well it is not an easy nattcr to select the most prominent, but for Wild Duck I should say Morrissey. Nash. fiance, Hf itind wle R. Cocks· WM'innon, Chapion., booona and W. Rwamiltcn, played toe best game and for Ffeatheote, Wina. Robinson, Wi. Hanson, Tliompsorn, and Crowder, playinig back;. Lawless, in the centre Nicholsonr Hall, W. C. Robinson, and Cullen (2). forward aod Iluaand 4Murcovitch,, fol.. lowing, wlre nothoonsp ospicuous. Mr. T'. Dwyer (Mia4ia..niaide a most impatiS i u·.ire, bsit f lie had bteea·.htitle'.more'..... atlict wills bothl sides tt o ould. have- donet·'· no harn. Messrs. Ihamilton aund Joseph Cocks did duty a.s goal umpires. It has been dtcidkd to play the returse match with Bendigo on Saturday, l1th.~ ilst, and fur the purpose of getteiag- tlhse local team, into. something like form; as practice match will tako place on the Heatheote ground on Saturday noxt,. when the 20. chosen to do. battle' on behalf of the District Clu.' -wsll play: 25 all-comers. All footballers hi. the' district who can possibly meuogde.it should roll up on that occasion, and afibed* the' locals an opportunity of harine some goodl practice, as they can hardly be expeeteli to hold their own if they do not play' together at least once before ascetiug, thas Bendigonians. A ghost story comes fnom, Nagsmbie,. amt istold by. the local paper as; follows: "Persons visiting. the. railwsy. atotien, andl thosewho have had occasion to visit that; locality at night, have been greatly frighteedi .by seeing a 'ghost' Afew- evenings, ago it. appeared near the end of the. railway plat. form, and was that ota figure 7 or 8. feet in, height, arrayed in pure- white. This. fermn wvas that of afemale with,. as far could be, discerned, a deathlike face. It was. noiseless in. its movements,. but glideds with wonderful- rapidity. One of thuun porters, who, has a: cocsidermble amount. of courage, proceeded in; the directioni of the apparition, and when, within, easy' range fired; at it, but to hi.astoniohment, after the smpkehiad-clcared away he fuudj the appritionwnas.close to him, Hcewais per.: fectly terrified, and, dropping his gun. made, for his frisnds at lighteiog speed, One night.. last week-, as the half-past nine cab, filledu with ladies. and gentlemen, was trayelling along the railway roed.towards. the town, . a short distance-fromnthe stuiton, the spectrum, again.appeared on the the hill side about. 50 yards from the cab, asdoas the<one-yance. proceeded, so~did the figure. Thisfrightenedyi the- passengers, and especially-the driver, so, that he drove his horses at: a furious soon- loeing sight of the. apparitiodeIt, i cerrently reportel:that- the stationmaster has5 applied to be removed." EoEsas. IN. WINTEe.-...ll atteivmpts to, preserve eggs in the state they are- when. dropped. by fowls have resulted in, failure. The only way to have a supply-; of fresh eggs during, the wjnter, is to. produce thsens, Alnlets will generally. commence to lay when they are about eiglt months old. With warm, qparters4 and suitable. food chickens hatched in, April will commonly commence to lay ii,, December. Brahma hens of almost any age will lay-duringthe winter if they are, well cared for. Eggs are-more likely to, be produced, howgv.er4 by pullets that. have just reaclhedimaturity~ Warm. and5 well-lighted quarters are dssential to the, production of eggs during. the winter Fowls that are allowedlto.ruijsout in, the open air durinlg the wminter- depends as5 mieh~on~the qgality.-ef food given fo vs, as on the kind of shelter allowed- tlhemn - Corn (maizc).is about the. poorest foodi 'that can he put toepoultry. witha.vsew. of producing eggs. Wheat and. oats are muich superior, to corn. BRa. cabkagc,. cooked' polatoes, Ueots,.csrrots, and scraps, of meat are-all. exellent.. Chopped meat; and vegetables. mixedimithmsal and fat. and cooked like bearding-hous. hbash,. furnishes one of the best varieties of food for- stimulating egg production.. Fowls - derive much benefit from highly-seasoneda food during- all weathers.-- leintitucky; Live Stock Journal." - The style of farming. adopted in, Cali- fornia (says the-" Ago").is shown in some, recent proceedings of the .igierons'.Club, in Adelaide. The-hon. secretary brought, -belore. the meeting a very iiteresting: letter-received by him, from, a. gentleman, well known in.South Australia, but now> in California. The commuunication, which. -was dated 29th July, was. as. follows: " I wrote you one or two. mails, ago, and, I now enclose aletter addressed.to.myself,; which tells it own tale. If you. entertain2 -the proposals therein made you.will have. - no difficulty; mi obtaining the things4 wanted Here, in, this. state at, least,, 20,0)0-acres will he put under vines next: winter. You. and my friends of South, Australia can, hardly form, an idea, as to. the- style- in, whieh: things are done in, - - ('alifornia. No more is. thought or saidl - about a farmer putting in 12,000 acres of1 -wheat than.if ho put in 1(10. in Anstralia.. - Just to give you; one- or two examples.. Three months ago a gentleman, manager, of a company, asked me if I would Mive him the-refusal- of my services to. plant: 2)00 acres with vines. Only -yesterday I was.occupiedw ithsa-eaiitleman who has; a coavenient bit of lanud, 12J0 4g;es5,- - which he wants plant'd. without delay,, part of it with, some of the thiogs that are wanted from- you, I know him to be exceedingly wealthy. A. fw-d'iys ago hiei sold 11,000 acres of amsoding wiheat. - 1w,.. - present proposal is only a.small bcgilinmgl;: and I th nk in one or two seasoes- tse, numb-r will be doubled, Hasve-.my-pissi,.nt ance that the proposal is4 thlsonroughly. reli hble and sound; were it not, so 1 would, not touch it. Ilemembhe, merely thou..- sands will boot no.se, hi.needs:millions." The new Liberal Gnverimont have, met with considerable obstructisn, in, the House of Commons, The I umou. Rulers bitterly ouppsed tho vote for the msuiutenance of thie police fosce in- Ireland. The cimoons sat ftr twenty.:;-: one houirs consecutively, during which,: time ncsimmisious discussions took plh-ce..-;> -Eyventual'y the Gevernzntet gayve way. and cins'mre-led to ndjiljour the vote. It isintended to close the discussion some, time next week. Thu whitebait dinner. will be bekld. on the 1st Selitemher. The Govqrnmueut hbivA determinet to. ab.,noron- the- prosrcsitiop agaisat, Mr. lDavitt, who at the clh0e. of- lyst year wes arrested, with, Messrs. iljeq,. Ds!ey- and Brennon, for sedaptipn. The Grand Qime Bill introdu.cl hE!A the Guvernmunb. giving tenantsa tIha. right to the.hares and' rnhslits on, [thitri land, hIss passed; its thsid. reading in, the commons by a- large momjprit--. The, police have discovered and f rept t -d - a Fenissn plot to blouw no a powder mill an Ihtllincollig,, a town on the. - Bri ige 1BivSw five miles wesv froiss, Cork-i. A tercibl lewrricsne has. occusred in .J'unhica. The islsitdj Ilps. las-n devastatel, and over I00(h people.. rendered homeless. The Austrulisety eleven have been detested by thiu eighteen of Stockport. The scores; were: Stockport, 288; Australiane, 188\. The Australians there-lre lut, by 100 rune, which is filly accounted, for by :he absence of tuov of their best men, Blackhsam and Banpermap,-,. "Age," Mosdap, 