ROMAN PICTURES.—No. VIII. THE MARTYRS OF THE COLOSSEUM. [BY THE REV. W. R. FLETCHER, M.A.] In my last paper I gave some account of the building of fee Coloseum, and the purposes for which it was originally designed. In this paper I wish to sketch its history in connection with the Christian religion, to whioh it owes at onoe its destruction, aad the preservation of the ruins as «smered relic among the fragments of heathen architecture that are around it. Aa we think of those horrid Boman customs of which I gave an account in my last paper, we can wall imagine that Christianity aad they would never assort together. In two ways is the Colosseum connected with the history of Christum suffering and triumph. 1. The Chris tians refused as far as practicable te go to those games, and their absence irritated and annoyed their uneonvartod felloir-citusn*; and as those games were all connected some way or other with the idol festivals of Borne, this conduct of the Christians had ovar it a color of atheism and irreligion. 2. Here was a convenient method at band for punishing contumacious Obristians. If they were so wicked as to dis obey the laws, if they had to be put to death for their "obstinate atheism," why should not their death be made to minister to the public amusement? It was a new sensation to have Christians murdered by lions, and it became im mensely popular. The appearance of this new sect afforded a grand opportunity for furnishing victims for the amphitheatre. On the most absurd of pretexts they were harried away to make sport far the people. Tertullian in the 3rd century writes—"lf the Tiber overflowed; if there were famine or plague; if the season were dry, or cold, or scorching; whatever public calamity happened, the universal cry of the populace was,' The Christians to the lions." " It wwdnrmg the reign of Trajan that the protomartyr of the Ooloasemn won his crown; the first of a noble army in whose ranks are numbered veterans aad little children, women and men, boys and girls, and whose graves are to be found in toe Catacombs. This proto msrtyr was Ignatius, Bishop of Antiook. He was an old man, and was, moreover, the friend and the disciple of Si. John the Apostle, and a man in all respects of an apostolic character. He was brooght before Trajan when on one of his expedition* towards the Bast, and Trajan himself condemned him to be *:m^^in in *itmf*i« to Bome and there to be devoured by the lions in the Colosseum for the gratification of the people. It waa a terrible sentence, but it came to the aged Christian as a message of glad tidings, for he cried out with joy, " X thank Thee, O Lord, that Thou hast vouchsafed to honor me with perfect love toward Thee, and hast msijp me to be bound with iron chain* like Thy Apostle Paul V His journey to Home was, like Paul's, long and dangerous, but wherever he went he met with many Christian friends, and was enabled to write various letters at the different places where he rested. These letters remain to this day, and testify throughout to the victory of his patience, for they breathe a spirit of triumphant joy. The vessel entered the barber jnst as the spirts of the arena were drawing to * dose, and the soldiers were in haste to get him to the city, whereat his friends were grieved, bat he himself yielded to their emergency. There was no active persecution in "Some at that time, and the Christians crowded around she martyr, wishing to interpose in his behalf, bat be would not hear of it, and suffered himself to baled to the Colosseum. It was the last day of the sports, the theatre was full to overflowing, the good man was brought in aad niaoed alone in the centre of the vast arena. He knelt in prayer while the prepara tion* were in process. He loolrwl around him ani «YfWlaimed. "Bomana who are present know that I have not been brought into this place for any crime, hut in order that by these means I may merit the enjoyment of the glory of God, for love of whom I have bean made prisoner." The doors of the dens were thrown open. The liens were lac loose. They came bounding forward, seised thereaenhleold man, tore Mp* liiwit from Hmti^ and, being shaded by hunger, not only killed him but devoured him before the eyes of anappjanding and jeering as sembly, only leaving the larger bones for his friends to gather together during the following night a* a melancholy bat precious memerial of this cruel martyrdom. legend upon legend tell of this one or that ene who in alter yaan followed Ignatius to his glorious reward. Not many years after we are told that the Christians who had been con demned were set np *a targets and shot down with arrows. uUnder Hainan, ad. 218, a patrician named Plaeedus, his wife Tbeophista, and bis two sons ware Sort exposed to the wild heads, but when they refused to touch them they were shut op in a brazen bull and roasted by a fire beneath." Xn *j>. 253 Abion and ftT?«ty two rich citizens of the east, were exposed here to taro lions and four bears, but on their refusing to attack them weredispatehsd by the swords of the gladiators; and in one of the catacombs there is a quaint picture of Jesus crowning these martyred stranger* with the martyr's wreath. In aj> JSP a new amusement is devised, for before a statue of the Sun near the fijMjuwiflPfi^ Olympus, Theodoras, and Bxu peria were publicly burnt on their refusing to oSer; sacrifices to the idol. In a.u. 272 St. Priaea waa vainly exposed here to a lion, then starved for three days, then stretched on a rack, and after rations torment! was finally brtmsrtari ThnwmefalptHHTfll?tr M-rHns.snmhftr?fT-t-" lady, in 877. Alexander, Potitus, xUeathcrus Msvxunas, Vitas, Czeseotia, and Modaste were among the number of tha slain. Only a tew of the names of these martyrs have come down to as, but a* we read the pages of the writers of that age, espe cially Tertullian and Bosebina; aawa tread tha silent galleries of the Catacombs, where lay their bones; as we note the .letters f MB."*" oa many and many a grave, er 'see- she tiny lamp affixed to the eesaant which closed (be wangled remains in 4he tomb, we get a confined conception of swfnl soooc—winsof scenes of blood, in which bandsisi was mated with weakness, andjgentle naas gained the victory in the moment of its defeat. There is a tendency in human nature, especially in times of excitement, to what ■aay- be called "deathbed theatricals," and this was frequently manifested in wM latest age of persaantioo. but these i—tsnrri were but fear at toe time of which lam eapeciailv speaking. •* The noble eoaraga ef tne true,] confessors of the faith stands forth iu all its grandeur against the dartl«¥ilsj?l"?dof pagan cruelty on the one hand aad aowardly apostasy on the other. They «M>so*t*llkeu word and in deed." "The mighty voice of the Holy Spirit," says Cyprian, "sounded through the lips of the martyrs." The sublimity of mwrness ceased to be extra ordinary in the church. We feel as we read f>yi replies of the humblest Christians, so grand ja their vary Mmpiioily, that human nature is raised above itself ; that it ia divinely exalted by the power of faith in the presence of distant periL Wonderful, moeeorer, was the power of iSartvrdoct te win coaverta for faith. The swing of TerbOUan is as true as it is beautiful, that "The blood of the ajartyn is the seed of the church. The mere they were slain the quicker grew the efauncb, and the more ardent (M their faith." «ft is certain," says Jostio, •Jsneelf Afterwards a martyr, - that nothingean makensdeay our faith—neither the sword of toe slaver, nor the cross of agony, nor the teeth of wild beasts, nor bonds, nor fire, nor tortures of any kind. Tha mare man multiply our suffer ings the more does the somber oc the faithf ol grow i the more are the found on tha side of Christ." I remember as I stood in the silent arena of she Onlnssinnm onedoadymoonligut evening and looked round on the grand panorama of desola tion, how the fancy came over me that the plaet was still peopled by the ghosts of the departed. All around at first was utter atUlneu, and Isaw a. twinkling light passing to and fro along the upper cjsUacy, now shining, no « hidden, which, a* the party whom it guided was invisible in the gloom, seemed most unearthly. I stood on th> steps of the cross which then marked the (Sqtotf the arena. The centre of that ruiatis the cross, as the Cfoss is the central fact ia die story of Koine's decline. The scene of Dare's taaons picture was before me. My readers will rr""1* it, I dare.say. It is nightime, the stars are shining peacefully, the great theatre is Asapty. the bodiw of tfae skin Obristians lie toadied in hf^f*; £b& lubb and iigen luf# beam let loose in the arena to eat their fill of L ills flesh. It isan awful sight, but floating tfceoqttt the ambient stir are diverse angel {onus, sill —g, [i xlliin.su win sjluilmnilriimHinam ill of the «Um to their rest, ana are come back to this mm ct tnauiph. I had in my packet Haw-1 thorn a steaage tale called "Transformation,'' ptdtt-sraoame to my mind a passage in which he! imagines «prt> vfoiitioa of angels, but a gather- ' iog'of) the ghostly t<xus of the waembUgee which have in olden times made cruel holiday en th? ve stone beaches. "V, ?ey," said Kenyan, " a nightiy nsanmMage of fiC WO melancholy and remorseful ghosts, Joofciff down from those tiers of broken arches, striving to repent of those savage pleasures wbiah they once enjoyed, but still longing for then «v«r again." •• Ton bring a Gothic horror jato r^is peaceful moonlight ■cane," sain Hilda; -BV,I have good anthority tor peopling this Cob* turn withphantoms." Do you rmieiuiiter that eritebte Ken* *? Benvenuta OtUini's autobiography in which a necromancer of his acquaintance draws a magic circle—just where the black cross now stands I suppose—and raises myriads of demons ? Benvennto saw them with his own eyes—giants, pigmies, and other creatures of frightful aspect—capering and dancing on yonder walls. Those spectres most have been Komans in their lifetime and fre quenters of this bloody amphitheatre." Before passing from these scenes of holy tragedy, let me tell you one more atory, which if colored by the narrator with a robe of notion is nevertheless absolutely true to the geueral spirit of the times. It b the story of l'ancra tius, the youthful martyr of the last persecution under Diocletian and Maximum. Taenameof this hero is vary familiar to every citizen of London, for one of the most fashionable churches of the metropolis is dedicated to his honor under the name of St. Pancras. Few, however, know any more of him than the mere name. He was a Boman lad, the son of a Christian martyr of a good family. That he was martyred like his father there is no doubt, but traditions vary as to whether he was beheaded or torn by wild beasts. I will tell you the story according to the hitter version, shielding myself behind the name of Dr. Wiseman, whose narrative 1 quote with some curtailments: —"Paneratius stood in the midst of the arena, the last of the faithful band, lie had been reserved in hopes that the sight of others suffering might shake his constancy, but the effect had been the reverse. He took his stand where he was placed, and his yet delicate frame contrasted with the swarthy and brawny limbs of the executioners who sur rounded him. They now left him alone, and we cannot better describe him than Husabius, an eye- witness, doe*, a youth a few years older. " You might have seen a tender youth, who had not yet entered his twentieth year, •land ing wit& fetters on hu hands stretched forth in the form of a cross, praying to God most atten tively with a fixed'and nntrembling heart, not retiring from the place where he first stood, nor swerving the least, while bears and leopards, breathing fury and death in their very snort, were just rushing on to tear his limbs in pieces. And yet, I know not how, their jaws seemed seized and closed by some Divine and mysterious power, ami they drew back altogether." Such was the attitude, and such the privileges of this heroic youth. The mob were frantic at they saw oue wild beast after another career ing madly round him, roaring and lashing its sides with ita tail, while he seemed placed iu a charmed circle wnich they could uoi approach. A furious bull let loose upon htm dashed madly forward with his neck bent down, then stopped suddenly, pawed the ground, and scat tered the duit over him, bellowing fiercely. " Provoke him, thou coward!" roared out still louder the enraged Kniperor. Fancratiua awoke as from a trance, and waving his arms ran to wards his enemy, but the savage brute, at if a lion had been rushing on him. turned away and ran towards the entrance, where, meeting his keeper, it tossed him high in the air. All were disconcerted exeept the brave youth, who bad resumed his attitude of prayer, when one of the crowd called out," He has a charm about bii neck, he is a sorcerer'" The whole multitude re-echoed toe cry, till the Emperor, having com manded silence, called out to him," Take that amulet from thy neck and cast it from thee, or it shall be done more roughly for thee." "Sire." replied the youth with a musical voice which rang sweetly through tha hushed amphitheatre, " dire," it is no charm that I wear, but a memorial of my Father, who in this very place made gloriously the same confes sion that I now numbly make. I am a Christian, and for the love of Jesus Christ, God, and man. I gladly give my life. Do not take irom me this only legacy. Try once more. It was a p«nt.lior who gave him his crowu, perhaps it will do the same for me." For an instant there was a dead silence—the multitude seemed softened and won. "Ilie panther ■" shouted oat a voice. " The panther.'" responded twenty. *' Toe panther V thundered forth a hundred thousand in chorus, like the roaring of an avalanche. A cage started up as if by magic in the midst of the sand, and as it rose its sides fell down and freed the captive of the desert. With one graeefal bound the elegant savage gained its liberty, and though enraged by darkness, confinement, and hunger, it seemed almost playful, and it leapt and turned about, and frisked and gambolled noiselessly on the sand. At last it caught sight of its prey. All its feline cunning and cruelty seemed to return and conspire together in ani mating the cautions and treacnerooa move ments of its velvet-clothed frame. The whole amphitheatre was as silent as if it bad been a hermit's dell, while every eye was intent on watching the stealthy approaches of tne sleek brute to its victim, Paneratius was •till stand ing in the same place facing the Kmperor, and apparently so absorbed to higher thoughts a* not to heed the movements ol his enemy. The pn"*?ifir had stolen round him as if disdaining Ito attack him except in front. Grouching npoo ita breast, slowly advancing one paw before another, it had gained its measured distance, i and there it lay for some moments of breathless suspense. A deep snarling growl, an elastic spring through the air. and it was seen gathered np like aleecb, with ita hind feet on the cheat, and its fangs and fore claws on tne throat of tne martyr. He stood erect for a moment, and, looking at Sebastian with a smile, waved him a farewell salutation, and fell. The arteries of his neck had been severed, and the slumber of martyrdom settled on lib eyelids. (Fabiola,ch.23j. Toe history of the Cotasseam aa the slaughter house of the Oh??ti*a? amata loan end witn the accession of Uonstantine the Great with one notable exception, bat it continued to b« nsed more or less as a place for gladiatorial shows for marly 100 years longer. Tne Romans were too strongly imbued with a taste for blood to give up their favorite sport atoace. The Christian Emperors did their best to stay the custom, but so radical a reform in public usage could not come to pass in a single genera tion. The last exhibition of this kind took place in the year 403. The aoene was tha same as before, but there was one notable difference, for all traces of public idolatry are wanting. The spectators new are nominally Christian*, for the Emperor is at Christian aad Christianity is now the established religion of the Umpire. Aw oriental r"rtnk g by «^t? Totowpfins. is in Some. Some stories tell us he is earn* to Horns impelled by a determined impulse to atop the games. Be that as it may, he came suddenly into the anma,riisbed between *h« gladiators, and in the name of bis Master bid them cease their combat. The Unmans were provoked at this unexpected interruption of their pleasures, tore up the aeats, laid their bands oa whatever they could get, crowded down into the arena, and overwhelmed Tviemaotiuji wito a shower of stones. He was the last and by no nteaus the leaat worthy of the noble army. By hi* death he prokdied an elo quent sermon against the art and amusement of shedding human blood. The rn^n^. of the people subsided. They respeeted the memory of the murdered monk', and they submitted without a murmur to the laws of Honorious, wbo abolished for ever the human sacrifices of the amphitheatre. Tele&iachus; is not counted among the saints; bo church has ever bean raised to his honor; his self -sacrifice is rarely referred to in ecclesiastical traditions, yet I doubt if any man in the whole history of the conflict of Christianity did a nobler, or more useful, or a more heroic deed than did that ob scure Oriental monk. The ssbMqoent history of the Oaloswmm is curious and chequered. It was occasionally used for the combats of wild beasts, and in the middle ages was the scene of a bloody tourna ment, but it stood forth as a melancholy memento of the past that oould never be repro duced. It was too strong and too massive to pass away in the various sackings of the city, and even in the eighth century atood entire. It was seized upon as s fortress, for which it was admirably adapted, as its walls would defy all assaults, and its passages and rooms would hold a legion for a garrison, ft passed from one family to another in the dashing «f medieval quarrels. TwieeitaervedasarefugefortbeonePopeagainst another, when the worjd beheld tha edifying spectacle of two successors of St. Peter disput ing for supremecy. In the 14th century it was used as a hospital by the canons of the T***—in, and tile arms of the chapter, consisting of our Saviour's head,between twe candelabra may still be seen sculptured on varioiu parts of the structure. What would old Some have thought of such a change as that? After that it became a atone quarry, and four of the great palaces of modern Home (Barberini, Farnese, St Marco, and OanoeUaria) were built' from plundered from its walls. .It is said that the first of these olnnderers got permission to re move only as much stone as could be taken •way is twelve hours. But Cardinal Farnese was equal to the occasion, and let loose upon it an army of 4,000 workmen who did no small mischief in that one day. Pope SixtosV. endea vored to utilise the ruin by turning the arcades into shops, but the scheme did not answer. Clement %1, (17u0) set up a manufactory of saltpetre here, but the adventure did not suc ceed. At last ths sane Pope being reminded by a Carmelite monk how iniquitous it was to allow a spot consecrated by such holy memories to be desoqratod, took the old ruin under his protection erected in the arena a great cross ! and build there a little chapel. Thus protected the old theatre ceased to be an object of envy, and was allowed to rest and < beogme beautiful in its deny « tesjgrew in its chinks, owls and bats took possession of its deserted passages, its chambers and dens were filled ap till all memory of them vanished, pilgrims passed round the arena on their knees, and sermons were preached every Friday from the cross in the centre. This is the Colosseum of modern poetry, the Colosseum of Rogers and Byron, the Colosseum of romance and art. But another change has come over the spirit of the The Italian Government lias got pos session of the ruin, and is treating it as a me mento of the past, which is not only to be preserved, but to be explored. The trees have been all cut down, because their roots were tearing the walls. The cross, lam told, has disappeared since I was there, and instead diverse cranes and winches have been put up. Sappers and engineers have been digging into the arena; vast remains, walls, dens, and passages are being discovered underneath the level of the floor of boards and sand on which the games were enacted, and many curious relics of the past are being unearthed. The genius of modern criticism and enquiry has ousted the conserva tive «x-i^l«?«f««H<?«| guardianship of the church, and compelled the old ruin to tell its architec tural story. When I aaw it this change was in process. I remember well the last time I was there, and with an amount of this final visit I will close my paper. It was on the oocasion of some publio festival—the first anniversary of some event connected with the proclamation of Ita lian liberty in 1870. Returning from some wanderings behind the Coelian Hill, I noticed as I passed the Colosseum some unusual prepara tions for some festivity, as I thought, for the morrow; but learning at the hotel that the Oolosseum was to be illuminated that night, as soon as dinner was over I set out with those same artist f tiends who went with me to the cata combs of St. Agnes. A line of lamps and torches was placed all along the Forum and the Via Sacra. Crowds of carriages and pedestrians were hurrying to the scene, jostling each otner with good-humored merrimesjt. Often of old had a R*?"?y crowd gone along that same road to that same spot, in search of sport, but there were no qualms of conscience to disturb the revellers of that evening. We got inside and saw the great space, dimly revealing itself by a few torches placed among the upper arches. A military band was playing and several thousand persons were loitering about th« arena. Suddenly a loud report was heard and a bomb was shot up over our heads and burst in colored fires, which floated down over the ruin and displayed the enormous mass in yet more colossal proportions. Another and another followed, and then all at once at a given signal, colored fires, red and green, and purple and gold were kindled in the hidden recesses of the pile. The effect was wild and sublime. The place looked like a ghoul haunted, wnhntnan abode. Its size seemed magnified tenfold. Its every crag, and stone, and buttress Beamed on fire, and yet it did not burn. The disturbed birds flew screaming aloft in the dark upper air. The firemen on the walls looked like demons, and ia the midst of all this the crowd was joking and chattering, and uttering their applause of the spectacle. The whole scene was beyond anything I nver imagined, somewhat smelling of the modern theatre perhaps, but very sublime. Brewhiletbe lights faded .and all was dark again.and the crowd began to stream outside. Then another bomb was shot up, giving the signal for another dis play. The crowd collected in groups by the Meta Sudani, and on the slopes of the Palatine, and at every point of vantage. The band piayed some mow of the national airs. Hore bombs were fired, and them the building was illuminated from the outside, and the flood of light fell not only on it, but on the surrounding ruins as well—on the arch of Oonstantine, and on the broken wails of the Palatine. The lights died out; another and a final display of fireworks amused the crowd, and we all set off home, musing and talking over the great change that has come over the spirit of the vision since Titus opened the building 1,800 years ago with hecatombs of human victims. An eld historian of England, the Venerable Bsde of Durham, quotes as a prophecy of the Saxon Pilgrims — " While aUnds the Colosseum, Bome shall stand! When falls the Oaloeseum, Bome shall fall ' And when Bome falls, the world And if we take the Ooloueum to stand as the reoresentative of the spirit of paganism, the | prophecy has already been fulfilled. The Oolos seam has fallen, ancient Boms has fallen, the old world system has fallen, but on the ruins God is building a new, a spiritual, a holy state, a regenerate and perfeetei world which a New Testament seer predicts iu> the ** New Jeru salem," and saya concerning it, " The glory of God doth lighten it, and the Lamb is the light thereof, and the natioos of tha earth do bring their gljry and honor into it." 