COLEBAINE BACK MEETING. j The sporting men of the Coleraine district and the excellent two days programme sub mitted is a substantial proof that they are of Serae grit-are to be congratulated upon Wineso highly favoured by the clerk of the weather as they were yesterday. A day without rain has not lately been the rale, —j x.«rii>rdav was the exception. True, a Wh wind prevailed, the course was some- what heavy f and the attendance not so large Is, we have seen on the fame-honoured Great Western course, butthiswas no fanUof the committee's. They issued a realty atitree v:n „f f.re and deserved far better Inek, „„t onjv as regards attendance, but Sso better racing. Li the last-mentioned respect they were, thanks to some of that underhand work which does so much to bring the turf into disrepute, singularly unfortunate in one of the events that for a lone time promised to he the most exciting faiJ of the day, and which will be more fnlty alladed to below. The coarse, as usual, presented a most attractive appearance, there being a grand display of booths and bunting, whilst the inducements offered to the public to spend their time and money were sufficiently numerous. There were not many bookmakers, but quite enough of them, some thought more than absolutely required as the odds offered were about as short as could well grave suspicions were entertamedafwut them tith reject to the supposed ewmdle th« did so much towards spoiling the enJ3®' S ail who liked-to see a race truly Wren start to finish. Two totalisation iwere tisoat teSHEWiSrtrs: ?£, booth d he could only yahbr jabber as fluently as his owner, he most have been indeed a porcine prodigy, then, again, there -was a goodly number of < curiosity shops," U— 7 - O tables, lotteries, and. in fact, all sorts of little games, going on As for the management of the racing, it was all that could be desired. Grand starts were effected by Mr. Harrison, the d em- sums of Mr. Trangmarconld not possibly have been called into question, Mr. Lesser ably officiated at the scales, Mr J. Smith, as clerk of the coarse, was ubiquitous, the veteran secretary, Mr. Wells, was as effi- cient as ever, sod, in facfc» all tlie stewards worked with a till to ensure success. Opinion, however, differed very much as to tlw wisdom of the course pursued in making the meeting extend over two days instead of one Many observing the comparative paucity of the attendance on a puouc holidar, feared that it would even be Id "satisfactory on the second day. others, however, thought that, given a con tinuance of fine weather, it wonld be even better to-day than yesterday, and we can only hope that this opinion will be verified bv the attendance on the conrae to-day. If it is not, the experience gained will be a guide for next year, and it is -to be hoped that, whatever conclusion may be arrived at, themembere of the Coleraine Racing Club will meet with the success they so greatly deserve. The racing commenced with the Maiden Plate, in which Fire King had it all his own way, and the cognoscenti expressed some surprise at Mr. Tantrum sending so good a horae for so small a stake, on the ground that the victoiy would cost him dear, inasmuch as it would be sure to "add to the weight he would otherwise have been teen called upon to carry at the Warrnam- As iar the Hurdle Race, it was looked upon by the public as a "moral" for Young Dollar, and the mem bers of the Ring enoonraged this belief by only offering 6 to 4 against him, |ust previous to the start. Paddy the Larrikin cot out the running, and took a good lead, bat it was tolerably evident that the weight he vras called upon to carry would soon bring him back to Young Dollar, who was taking his jumps and going splendidly. And this is jurt what happened, Young Dollar soon being at the head of affairs. For some time the race was all between these two horses, and in the second time round, Yonng Dollar had forged so far ahead as to lead a 1 Casterton sportsman to offer 3 to 1 on him The offer had hardly been made when it was snapped up by a bookmaker, and here offers ' were made by the ring to back even Tallyho against the favourite. This appeared to be t very strange, as Tallyho did not seem to I hare a ghost 01 a show, ouaoemy, to une I surprise of the very great majority | of the onlookers, Young Dollar was s seen to run round a hurdle, mid I thus lost the very excellent chance he I had possessed of winning. Then arose 1 ominoos cries of "It's a swindle, Ac," and 1 really it did seem strange that a jockey like I Douall, who had previously beeu round the 8 course, should have made such a mistake. I The matter was to be fully enquired into, we I were informed, last night, and we do trust I that if the stewards found the jockey to I blame they did not lest content with dis- I qualifying him and his horse, but also de- I clared all bets off Should, they have arrived at the conclusion that the jockey sold the race they could not do less than declare all bets on the race void, for it is a racing law that no bet is valid unless a man has a chance of winning, and if the race was deliberately sold the backers of Dollar could Dot hare had' such chance. Betides, a de cision to this effect would punish those who made a catsp&w; of the rider. Thanks to this unfortunate mistake, Faddy the Larrikin came in a winner, mid the style in which he carried the top weight through the mud not only elicited admiration, but also proved that his powers had not been overestimated by the Stewards. We think however, that Dispute would have run him very close maeeo. mi xor coming aown sucu a fearful cropper at the last fence. The Coleraine Handicap was a pretty race, and for a long time the result was in doubt. In ibis event Lion went in 'ter a slide when just opposite the grand-stand and wound up by tumbling over, a feat calculated to telly show the condition of the running ground. The Selling Race was ouc of the most exciting; events of the day, and for this the starter deserved credit, as he firmly refused to allow the rider of Devlin to gain an nodae advan tage at the start by a little bit of " fiddling " that should have led to his being fined. The card concluded with a Hack Race, which was also an exciting affair, and the rating 1 H being finished at a reasonable hour, enabled B visitors from Hamilton to get home before H dark, delighted with the efforts that had H beeu put forth by the stewards for their H amusement. Below we give details of the m racing, viz: — H MAIDEN PLATE, H Of 15 so vs. One mQe and a quarter. Weight fa forage. For all horses that had never won fil and advertised prise of £10. 19 Mr. G. Tan tram's Fire King, aged 1 fiH Mr. F. Yeoman's Annio Laurie, 3 years (Deacy) 2 M| Mr. Smithams Pathfinder, 3 years ... (Grant) 3 99 The following also started: — Cottage. Giri, BB Kinchcn, Albatross, Ingleride, Lady Frances, ud My Lord. The foil field of nine weighed out, and after H one unsuccessful attempt, they were despatched 99 good start. Laurie cut out the HI running at a good bat, and maintained the lead BE fr half-a-mile, when Fire King, who was the HI all through, forged ahead, and won 99 clererly, Mr, Yeoman's filly bring second, and. k9 Pathfinder third. B HANDICAP HURDLE RACE, 99 30 soys ; about two and a half, over 99 heep hurdles. 99 Hanlin's Paddy the Larrikin, 9st 41b H l(«- (Taylor) 1 9| Ik. A Smiths Tallyho, Sst 41b (Ferguson) 2 9| rJte following horses also started : — Too Late, m ioor, Dispute, Young Dollar, Plantsgenet, 89 hemp. Honeysuckle. B . Thia race proved an exciting one from start to B| taufih. The Larrikin led over the first hurdle, H the second, Plantsgenet refused. At 9 If , the course Young Dollar assumed H lead, and Too Late took a fit of baulking, B +k Honeysuckle ran off. Coming -past B Tuif tlie second time, the cry was, " Young 89 f?, . easily, " and a Casterton sportsman 83 Tr ->35 to £5 that the would land the stake. At B iJa&ttage; Douall (on Dollar), in attempting a Hi missed a hurdle, and had to pull up. B mistake left Larrikin with a good lead, 89 Tallyho third. Dispute B l 1 ® gained gradually on Paddy, but at the. last 81 h i down a purler, severely shaking his B rJf (Parley). Tallyho was second, and the 89 rS ?Qle in &t; intervals. Ho third horse was 9 though Dollar had gained wonder- 8 walj sw'erved. however, in the straight, and B amongst the crowd. B _ OPEN HANDICAP, Of 50 so vs. ; one write and a half. H J Jyer's Erfle, 6st 101b (A Fereuson) .. 1 i,' V ker'8 Doubtful, 6st lfilb Qlbni)... 2 Bod. Hie, 7st 21b (M'Kinnon)... . 3 H Lady Melissa, Last Light, lion, Giil £F' started. Straihmore, Cottage rugrim, Paragon, Robin Hood, and Liberty were scratched Betting. — Exile end Doubtful, 3 to 1 ; Try Me, 4 to 1- - After two ineffectual attempts, Mr. Harrison sent his field off, Try Me getting a very bad start Past the stand Doubtful was leading, Exile second, and Last Light next. At wis juncture Lion fell, but his rider was not hurt. At the back of the course Exile went ahead, and Try Me who had come up from the back, laid thirl Although the three first horses got closer together towards the finish. Exile, won hands down, Mr. Canker's filly second, and Try Me a surprisingly clo=>e third. The remmuS , positions were — slelisssi, Last light and Mesal liance. Time — 3 win. 3 sees. SELLING RACE, , Of 15 sots. Once roimd the coMsa /VTeta +i,ci« Qaf. Winner to be sold for Llo. , Any surplus to go to the funds. j ' r. E G. Rex's Devlin (Deacy) ... ... 1 Mr. D. M'Sweeney's Duke (T. FeigUMn) .a. 2 Mr. J. Fallon's Canary (Taylor) .. ... 3 1 MMolly Miles and Gasometer also started. 1 Derlin started at 3 to 1 on him. All went off i cather but Gasometer fell before going a touarterof a mile. Canary led at the back, attended by Duke and Molly Miles, and Devlin awms last, a very long way behind. Presently, Duke went to the front, but the bid veteran Devlin came from the rear, quickly and nurely, and won easily. The winner was afterwards j submitted to auction, and knocked down to his owner for £20, the club thus netting £5. Con sidering that Devlin was handicapped at top weight for the Hurdle Race, the prioe may be said to he a very poor one. HACK RACE, Of 7 so vs. Once round the course. Catch weights. Mr. Yeoman's Eclipse (Deacy) 1 Mr. M'Pherson's Cottage Girl ..." 2 Messrs. Bowden's Brigand 3 Exile, Tippety-witcliet, Black-lead, Native, and Dorma also started. This was a good race. Cottage Girl led for a half-mile, when Eclipse went ahead and won, Brigand being a good third, the rest nowhere. 