N E.jVSTS :OF THE WEEK. .cundagat tolice court. Tuesday, January G. (Before Mr. Lore, P.M., and Mr. Elworthj'.) ? BREACH OP . Tiffin GAME LAWS, .t Jominy Afi Young^was-chargcd^with illegally shooting on 'tho 3rd instant native game, viz., f^rpigpi^';.»t7--.i.-' . . J Defendant said' te'.thonght tho closo ' season j concludcd on tho 31st Decembor. Constahlo Gorman deposed that ho saw tho defendant with tho hints in question, and. ho said ho had shot them. A fine of 5s., with 2s. Od. costs, was imposed. -wages. Thomas Slater ; was ' summoned by Edwin i Bicardo for nogloctiiig to pay him 9s. 9d. duo for wages. ? ? ? ' v';' — Complainant deposed ho had boon hired by the dofendunt to reap 'at~£l' per aero. Ho reaped 78 rods, for which! ho claimod 9s. 9d., butde' fondant would not pay him.. - - ? ? Defendant deposed he rofuso'd- to-pay because coipplainant' had. loft^ bofo're bo finished his work. , Dofondant was' ordored to pay the amount olaimcd, with 9s. lOd. costs. ? DETINUE. John Potter, landlord of tho Junction Hotel, South Gundagai, was charged with illogally do taing a sum of £14 4s., tho property of Ben jamin Payno. Mr. Perkins nppoared for tho dofondant, who pleaded.not guilty. Complainant deposed: I have been in the employ of Mr. W. Glasscock ; I left on Tuesday last; he paid me £14 4s. ; I went to defendant's public-house; I was quite sober; he took me out and stowed me some reaping he wanted done; I promised to reap for him at 15s. per: aero; I reaped about a. quarter of an aero; wo had somo drinks, and I got that drunk that I did not know what I was doing; tho porson who sorved mo with liquor to put mo in that state was the defendant ; some one put me to bed ; I missed the money before I went to bed ; it was taken from me, but I don't know by whom ; I asked Potter for it the next morning, and he said he had £12 and some silver of mine ; I left his house yesterday; I had been there about a week, and had some meals there; I can't swear I did not give the money to Potter ; as I was so drunk I can't say; on Thursday Potter told me the money was all gone, and I was 3s. in his debt ; I got 10s. from him, but I did not accept it as a settlement; I was not sober when I got the 10s.; I don't recollect signing a paper, but the paper produced bears my signature ; Potter came to me this morning, and said he did not want the case to come into court, and he would give me anything in reason we went to Mr. Leary's hotel together ; there wore two others present; he gave me a cheque for £5, signed by himself; I accepted the money rather than come into court ; we were in a pri- vate room, and I put the cheque into my pocket ; there was a man sitting on either side of me on a sofa; we had only one glass each; I had a glass of ale ; I left and walked up the street, and when I got near Mr. Paine's, I missed the cheque; I went back to Leary's, and made in- quiries about the cheque, and was told it had not been seen; I told Potter I had lost the cheque, and he said he would go to the bank and stop it. By Mr. Perkins : I reaped a little on Friday ; on Saturday I shouted to the extent of £1; I had some drinks on Friday, but Potter said he would not charge me for them ; I did not shout for anyone on Friday ; ? I did not hand over my money to defendant in the presence of Henry Perry, and ask him to tell me when it was all spent ; I took the £5 this morning in full settle- ment. ? Henry Perry deposed : I am a labourer ; I have been! employed by Pottor reaping ; \I:havo been thoro about a fortnight ; lam a stranger in this part of the country ; complainant came to Potter's on Tuesday ; ho looked to bo sober ; he stayed that night, and had his meals there ; I saw Potter sorve him with liquor ; I was only thoro a portion of tho time; I saw complainant givo Pottor a £7 choquo and a £5 noto ; Pottor refused to! take the monoy the first time it 'was offered to him ; ho took it on its being tendered a second time ; complainant was merry when ho handed over tho monoy, but I. don't think he was drank ; ho had been drinking small glasses of -beer ; he, always had someone drinking with hini. - ? - . John Pollock deposed : I am a labourer ; don't know much about this case ; I had a drink with the complainant last Tuesday; he was shouting vory frooly on Saturday night; ho shouted! two or three times,' and had no drink himself. George Pago gave corroborative evidence. ' . John Pottor, the defendant, dopos'od: I am tho landlord of tho Junction Hotel, SouthGun dagai; complainant came to my place on Tues day last ; ho was .drinking there ; spent £5 , that night; I entered the drinks on the slate, but I rubbed tho account out after complainant went away ; thoro were oxactly 200 drinks; en tered on tho elate ; there woro 20 persons pre sent; complainant was. not drunk; ho was not j put to bod; J.saw him to bod; ho was quito : sensiblo ; I declined taking his monoy at first, but ho pressed it on mo ; on Wednesday lie spont £4; on Thursday and Friday ho spont only 22s. ; ho owes that 22s. now ; I gave him £o this morning to settle the caso. , I Ben jamin Payno, re-called : I havohoard Potter' Swear I was sober-when I wont to bed on Tuos-: day, but I swoar. I was so drunk that I do not romombor going to bed that night. Mr. Perkins addressed the bench ifor. the de fence, urging that, tho complainant having settled tho case,, the bench had no jurisdiction. Tho magistrates having retired and considorod tho caso/ Mr. Lovo announced that. they bad como to tho conclusion that tho dofondant had beon. guilty of a breach of trust. He had be come a bailee of tho monej', and ho was hound to return it to tho complainant, and not use it for his own bonefit. ? As,- however, itappoarod that tho complainant hnd boon supplied with board an^d lodging,- nndhnd,- undoubtedly, spont somo monoy in drink, tlioy would mako an ordor to tho oltcct that defendant should pay tho com plainant £1(1, thus allowing him to'Iccop iM and tho odd shillings. Tub woathor on ..Tuesday and Wednesday was intonsoly hot.; On tho ' former day it . was 103 deg. in'tho shade in Gundagai, aiad at six o'olock in tho evening tho glass ? registered 100 dog. in tho shade at Cooloc, whilo at Olaron lon at was 120 dog. in tho shade at 2 p.m. On Wednesday afternoon ono or two heavy showor3 foil, but did not cool the atmOspiero muoh. Hail fell at South Gundagai oxaotly at G o'clock, but, strangoly enough, none fell on tho north sido o£ , the. river. Yosterday a, most welcome chango took place in tho weathori rind-rain camo down in torrents during tho aftornoon. Tho glass registered G8 dog. in tho aftornoon. ? Dn. McKiLLor had a narrow escapo from an ugly accident on Tuosday night. It appears that about 10 o'clock ho was riding along tho Wagga road, and when near the entrance to the Kimo station tho horse ho was riding propped, being frightened at a fallon tree which was lvinc across tho road. Tho consoquoncc was that tho doctor was thrown heavily to tho ground but happily oscapod without' sorious injury. His horso trotted off towards homo, and tho doctor mado his way to Kimo station whou Mr. Davies quickly saddlod up and proceeded --in 'search of tho steed which ho found a milo or two distant. A say or two ago Mr. A. Davies was standing in tho .bar of Shoathor's Hotel,' Nangiis, whon his attention was directed by an unusual iioiso outsido, and on hastening to ascortain its causo ho was surprised to see a most'doteiminod battle being-waged between a-hen and an iguana. The latter had stollen a chicken tlie property of tho formor and this was tho causus belli. The hen got worsted in tho- fight and tho foptilo carried off his prizo, but was pursuod by Mr. Davies who recaptured it and restored it to its mother. A little son of Mr. James Higgons, agod .eight years, had a very narrow escape! from drowning lately. Ho was bathing with his , father in Morloy's Creek whon ho managed to get out of : his depth, and not bein'g'ablo to Bwiin ho sank apparently for tho last timo. His father hastened to his assistance,, and.after diving' about for some time succoedod in bringing him to tbo surface. Ho was apparently lifoless but restoratives wero successfully used. .' ; Os Wednesday morning Master Godfrey Marshall, a boy aged ton years, 6on of Dr. Marshall, met with a very ugly accident. Ho went to tho creok for tho purposo of bathing, and on jumping in his foot struck on a brokon bottlo and was nearly sovercd in two. He was at once taken homo and his father stitchod up the wound. It has boen reported to tho polico that somo miscreants havo beon shooting horses for tho sako of thoir hides at Adginbilly. , It is to be hoped the porpotrators will bo brought to spoody justice.....— ? ? Slaughtering ; licenses -were 'yesterday granted to M. Lynch, W. Hoaro, and John Wells ; and an Auctioneer's district liconso was granted by a special bench of magistrates to W. C. Benton. The works that for tho past four or five months havo been going on at our Court-houso aire a long way yet off completion. Wo don't knot? -what tho contractor is about, but. wo do know that our Court-houso enclosure for.a very' long timo has got strewn ubout it all manner of dobris, which is- a very great eyesore and annoyance to- tho Court officials. Wo recom mend the contractor to procood at once and complete tho contract, or some ono else may bo j appointed to finish it for him gnd at his risk. A correspondent writes : — A crickot match was played at Bothungra on Now Year's Day botwoon Bothungra and Yammatreo, the latter winning by twonty-two runs. Tho play was good throughout tho match, the best order pro vailed, and great crcdit is due to tho umpires. The usual monthly meeting of the Gundagai hospital committee lapsod on Tuesday last for want of a quorum. A returned 'mi^obaryiwas recently-Invited to a party where all tho ladies appeared in low cut drosses. Said ho to his host, ' I don't mind it at all; I havo spont ton years among: tho savages.' The following selections were taken up at the Gundagai Ijaud-offico yosterday : — ' E. Bevan, 40a, Wantiool T. Broughton, -120a, Monoy Monoy ? D. Plows, GOa, Burra C. B. Plows, 40, Burra. ; No one has yet olaimed tho wool turnover which was picked up in tho circus last Friday, and left at this office by tho findor. We havo received the first number of tho 'Narandera Argus' which is a vory creditable production, being woll written and. jveU .printed. It cannot fail to prove a groat acquisjtion to tho district. We wish it a long ' and prosperous career. ' ; . . , . We havo to acknowledge receipt of very beautiful almanacs from the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Co ; tho-Mutual Lifo Association of Australasia :andi .tho Australian . Mutual Fire Insurance. Society^ They are all of ologant design. Castner's Monthly and Bural Australian ? for the current month is a very good number . It contains .a great deal of information regarding agriculture niid horticulture, besides a selection of light and' agreeable reading. We are'glad to soo Jiy an advertismont, which will be.found in another column that a meeting is convened for Saturday, tho 17th' instant, by Mr. Mafeew Cowan of tho Prido of Galway, Adelong, for tho purposo of taking practical stops ; to relievo the distress which at presont oxists in Ireland. It is now provod beyond all doubt that the most diro distress exists in many parts of tho island. At tho timo tho nows arrived that tho Duchoss of Marlborough had mado an appoal for aid it was thought by somo that things wore not so bad as they really woro. and under theso circumstances tho Mayor of Adelaide telegraphed to tho Lord Mayor of Dublin inquiring whothor it was necessary that an appeal should bo made to tho charitably disposed in the colonies, and ho has rocoivod a reply in tho affirmative. Adelong doservos credit for boing so oarly in tho field, and wo hope to find Gundagai following suit.. The Mayor of Sydney has convened a mooting on tho subjoct for Monday noxt, and it might bo well for tho up country towns to co-oporato with tho com mitteo which will be appointed at it. We regret to anriounbo. that Mr. Jamos Waterston, road contractor, diod vory . suddenly yesterday morning at tho Cootamundra railway station. Ho took' a tiokot to- Junoo, nnd on ontering tho carriago was immediately scon to fall. He was without dolay romovod to tho platform whoro ho oxpirod at onco. It is said docoasod was i-iufYoring from heart disoaso. Tho abovo facts were courteously suppliod to us by Mr. C. W. Woekes, district coronor. ? A juyexilf. 'musical entertainment of a rathor primitivo kind was hold in tho assombly room at tho rear of tho Criterion hotol, Gunda gai, on Wodnosday ovoning. Tho principal vocalists woro Arthur Lcary, Ernest Elworthy, Frank and Gregory Mackins, instrumontalist Charlie McCaig. Tho audionco was small but vory soloot, and tho door takings amounted to 2s. 6d., which tho performers spent in lollies afterwards. Tho noxt ontortainmont -will tako place, wo boliovo, this ovoning, whon additional instrumentalists will tako part, the choico of instruments being optional. Tho prico of empty koroseno tins has rison sinco tho first ' performance of theso youthful musicians. .No ! programmes will be issued in tho room. Messrs. William Charles Allmaric and John Hawkins havo boon appointed additional inombors of the Public School at Bothungra. Sheep owners compotont to voto for tho election of directors for the Gundagai sheep district are requested to meet for that purpose at noon, on Monday, tho flth day of Fobruary noxt, at tbo Court-houso. Some short timo ago a deputation from Camden, introduced by Mr. Garrett, waited upon tho Minister for Works, urging that a tramway should bo constructed from Sydney .to that district. Mr. Laokoy said tho Govorn mont contemplated using tho tramways as feeders to tho railway linos, and intended con structing ono or two at first by way of ex periment. Wo learn that in liou of tho railway, tho lino connecting tho . Southorn and Western' lines, and passing through Young, will bo a tramway. . The ' S; Mi Horald ' says : — An extraordinary adventure with a shark is reported from Cooranbong. On Saturday last a littlo girl namod Thorosa Bond, agod IB years, was bathing in a small bay near Dora Creok, Lake Macquaris, in comparatively shallow water, when a largo shark suddenly seized hor by ono of tho logs, dragging her under tho wator. A youngor sister of tho child, happening to-be' close at hand, attacked the brute, compolling it to release its hold, and sho thon assisted her sister to shore. Tho nature of tho inj ury tho child recoivod indicated a narrow escape. The back tendon of ono log was completely severed, and three deep teeth wounds wore marked in hor instop. Tho sufforer was conveyod to Wallsend for medical troatmont.nnd thonco, by advico of .Dr. Nash, who .considered that it might be necessary to resort to amputation, sho was removed to Nowcastlo Hospital. The ' Uralla Times ' is given to understand that Constable Patrick Gorman who took part in tho recent bushranging conflict at Wanta badgory, is a native of Atmidalo, whoro his mother now resides. He is a compositor by trade, having sorvod his apprenticeship in the office of tho Armidalo Express. Josh Billings says: — Tho man who haz got the strongest pashuns and controls thom tho host, h the greatest hero. The Quoonsland Government havo requested Mr. District Court Judgo Blake to resign, on tho ground of increasing infirmities, but it is stated that Judgo Blako objects, doclaring that his hoalth is Buch as to permit of tho satisfactory porformanco of his duties. The new bridge ovor tho Laclilan Eivor at Condobolin was formally oponcd oil Now Year's Day with, a good deal of ceremony. Thoro woro great rejoicings, .and,. about 500 peoplo woro present at 'the christening.' Tho structure was namod 'Tho Condobolin Bridgo.' \ Adout; a' fortnight:, ago 'constable Eoborts (saj's tho ' Pastoral Timos '), of tho Hay polico, was escorting a lunatic namod John Blurtou from Hay to the Deniliquin gaol. Tho prisonor had previously exhibited datigorous tondencios, having attempted to dostroy himsolf by cutting his throat. On arriving at Wanganolla, tho prisonor, by somo moans, managed to oscapo from tho custody of tho constahlo, and drowned himself in the creek at that place. As Mr. John Elliott was in tho bush, noar Buokloy Springs (tho * Bombala Horald ' reports) he camo across a black snako, sovon foot iu longth and thirtoon inches in circumforenco. Elliott succooded in killing it. Tho unusual sizo of the snake caused Elliott to cut him opon, and insido was discovered u tiger snake fivo feet in length; ? ' The ' Forbos Times ' contains tho following : — ' A gentleman who camo up from tho Lowor Lachlan by coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passengers was a young man, 22 years of . ago, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous languago, much to tho annoyance of his fellow-travellers. Upon boing reproved and questioned as to why he made use of such terms so irrovorontly ho seemed sur prised, and ultimately admitted that he only knew tho words 'God,' 'Jesus Ohrist,' 'Holy Ghost,' ns torms too commonly usod in profane swearing. Ho did not know who mado him, had not tho remotest idea of a Supremo Being, and iq fact evinced tho darkest ignoraqco on all such matters. , The' Gpiilburn jail, seems;, to be , the most popular establishment of . the - kind ..among con victs, and tho ponal institutions of Darlinghurst and Borrima the most dreaded. All experienced jail-birds, whon sentenced, ask to bo sent to Goulburn, 'in order to givo thom a cliancoof turning honest whon thoir timo expires.' It may not ho generally known that tho averago rent of tho runs under lease in the pastoral districts of tho'colony, according to tho last return, is 15s. 8d. per square milo, or at tho rate of a trifle ovor Jd. por acre, tho actual figures :boing decimal '29 of a penny. The ' Forbos Times ' relates that throo yoara ago a Chinaman and his dog porishod from thirst, on 13 West Bogan Btation. Word of .his doath was sent homo to tho poor follow's relations, and now his brother lias just como out and has procoedod to tho locality for tlio purposo of taking the bonos of tho defunct Chinaman home to tho Flowory Land. It has boon decided by a numbor of magis trates in tho Hay district to roprosont to tho Govornmont tho undosirabloness of further ap pointments to tho Commission thoro at prosont, or of any future appointmonts boing made with out tho concurronco of tho full boncli. In Darlinghurst thoro is a prisonor who would mako his fortuno as a romanco writer or a higli class novelist. This individual composes all tho written statomonts handed up to his Honor by prisoners during thoir trial, and fh'ey aroro markablo for plausibility as woll as literary merit. 