JOHN DAV : A PATHETrC TALE. In the first number of the Mark Lane Express, January 2ud 1832, the following verses appeared :— John Day he was the biggest man Of all the coachman kind, With back too broad to be conceived By any narrow mind. The very horses knew his weight When be was in the rear, And wished his box a Christmas box, iu uuuii; uul uulc a j rtu. Alas 1 against the shafts of lore What armour can avail ? Soon Cupid sent an arrow through His scarlet coat of mail. The barmaid of the Crown he loved, From whom he never ranged ; , For though be changed his horses there, His love he never changed. He thought her fairest of all fares. So fondly love prefers ; And often, among twelve outsides, Dcem'd ne outside like her's. One day, as she was sitting down Beside the poi'ter-puraij), : He came, and knelt with all his fat, And made an offer plump. Snid she, ' My taste will never leai-B To like so huge a man ; So I must beg you will come here As little as you can.' But still he stoutly urged Ms snit, With vows and sighs, and tears, Yet could aot pierce her heart, attliougk He drove the Dart for years. ? In vain he wooed, in vaia he sued ; The maid was cold and proud, And sent him off to Coventry, While on his way to Stroud, He fretted all the way to Stroad, And thence all back to town ; Tbe course of love was never smooth So his went up and down. At last her coldness made him pine To merely bone and skin ; But still he loved, like one resolved To love through tbick and thia. *' Oh, Mary.1 view my wasted back, And sec my dwindled calf ; Though I have never had a wife, I've lost my better half.' Alas ! in vain he still assailed, Her heart withstood tbe dint ; Though he had carried sixteen stone, He could not move a fiiat. Worn out at last he made a vow To break his being's link ; For he was so reduced in size, At nothing he could shrink. Now some will talk in water's praise, And waste a deal of breath ; But John, though he drank nothing else, He drank himself to death. The cruel maid that caused his love Found out the fatal close; For looking in the butt, she saw The butt end of his woes. Some say his spirit haunts the Crown But that is only talk; For, after riding all his life, His ghost objects to walk. 