The Mysterious Bell at Woollahra. On Thursday (New Year's Night) hist, at about the hoar of 10 o'clock, approaching the 'solemn mid night,' when ghoBts, weirds, witches, and other dark and myBtorious persoia and spirits perambulate this earth, the inhabitants of Woollahra were struck with awe- Some laughed. A few pcepod through theirvenntiiin Minds : other*, who had removed their daily garments, could bu observed, liko tho v' Woman in White,' peering at the aide of tboir blinds, taking care their very slender olothiug should not be too muah exhibited to those who were likely to be out in search of the very *' peculiar people,' who were raising 'prieBt and people,' including the active and intelligent police ofilear, who has okurg-o of this district, at that late hour of the night. It is as well that the reader should know that thin well known bell ' rings ' fio often aud so loner, calling poorsouls to ' collects 'or to ' matins,' *' prayers,' and other short services, and for such very small congregations, for often Buch ' incetinga' many as 10, for whom the bell rings from 15 to 20 minutes ; that woon it rang on the night alluded to the folk woudercd what the little funny parson was ' performing' at that late hour. Well, the bell rang ont tho bost solo it could ; tho priest and his houKc hold ran towards the bell. Some neighbours aud tbo valiant sergeant of police got upon the track of tho priest: they all reached the bell, bnt, horror of horrors 1 tho bell still rang out its monotone ; the police and prieBt Bhonted, but no obo austvsred. What 'animated ' ' that bit of musical metal? it moved girl noar ; the priest was thero, but he did not seem to bolieve in uubottled spirits, nor oid tho cool sar geant of police. It was at last arranged that a cknrgo kIiouM be made at the ' metal,' resulting in tlio discovery that a line was attach od to the boll-ropo, and tho other end was pulled by somo one or more two paddocks off, but who such wore it was not dis covered. — COMIIDNICATED. Mr. W. H. Trail haa. we learn, been appointed agent in Sydney for Eeutor's Telegram Co. Tho committee of tho Queensland Tnrf Clab used tbo totalisator officially at thoir New Your' a Day raco mooting, at Brisbane. Tho New Zealand Insuranco Company have for warded us a let of their almanacs. Thuy aro nicely printed, and jnBttho thisgfor a do»k or an office. The fireman samod Heary Lang, who so coura geously rescued tho ladies and children from drown ing en New Tear's Day, belongs to tho steamer AVarreember, not Womerah, as erroneously stated. Mr. It. Thatcher writes complaining of his being refused permission to see the criminal Scott, though the interview has been frequently mkod for by tbe condemned man. At tho Newtown police court on Saturday thero was a clean sheet. Huwkcru' licenses were granted to Hugh Gildu.li and August Frittcrer, who had mis taken the Hour ou Fridty when the applications were entertained. The New Year's season is not quito so enjoyable to the constabulary as it is to other portions of tlto community. A number of police vvoro ou duty 3tt hours, with the exception simply of tjuie to go home and take tbeir meals. Suoh eioesaivc fluty as this oupht to bo rftcenipensed. On Now Year's Day tho 'Oar Boys Amateur Mmistt-els ' gave- an entertainment to tho patients of the Liverpool Asylum, in the dining-room of tho institution. About 500 assembled, and frequently expressed their delight at the performance. A settler residing at Bethungra elates that he has been compelled to remove his hnt from a hill to tho fiat country, in consequeuce of the number «f Bnalces which paid him nocturnal visits. Tho settler in himself of an evening in playing upon his favourite instrument — the violin. Whilo thus performing, says tho Wachsa WAaaA. Advkhtiseu, eimkes would make their appearance from all quarters, taking up positions boiuc ou tho bed, some ou tho boxes, whilo oUiprswonM occupy the firepW in the hut. The settlor, finding bin audio nee incroasing every «vcn i&ff;, was forond to abandon the porformauces, and aabnequeniiy the hut, to tako up a position whore be Would b© t'roo from Ennoyaiico, Tho euicidn ot a Holbourne man is described by tho Otaoo Datlt Times, which says:— A melan choly snicide occurred in Invorcargill in a yard in Kclvin-BtrMt, brbinfl tho Clarendon Hotel, on De cember 20. It was that of a man named Charles G. Lyungdahl, a Swede by birth. He had been a clerk in tho establishment of Messrs.' Sponoe Brothers, Melbourne, and oame over to Invercargill about six weeks ago, probably in the hope of bettering his con dition. He was upwards of bO years of ago, and was married, but had no family. His wife went home to Scotland whea he loft Melbourne, and he would have accompanied her but for the lack of means, fie had been on the look-out for employment over since his arrival in Invercargill, but had not suocooded. The members of the Paddington Volunteer JFiro Brigado celebrated Now Year's live with a torchlight precession. At 11 o'olook the whole of tho members mastered at the engiuo station and commenced to light their torches, the engine being nicely decorated with Chinese lanterns. They then proceeded through tho principal streets of the borough, hoaded by the Paddiugton brass band. The procession was con ducted by tho superintendent (Mr. E. Tunke) and officers of the brigade. This was the first appoarance oi the Paddington band in public, and thoy played re markably well, much credit being duo to their baud master (Mr. W. Bishop), considering tbo short timo they have bees, nnder hia tuition. After the prooes sion, the members ol tbe brigado and band adjourned to the ongino station, where they partook of an ex cellent Bnppcr, and tho company broke -up about 2 o'clock. A most 8ncceBBf.nl and onjoyablo concert was givon at tho Masonio Hall .on Tuesday evening, by Mrs. J. J. Byan, assisted by her pupils and several amateurs, aud to the lovers of song it waa quito a troat, Mrs. Ryan, herself, wboposeosGOB a fine, rich soprano voice, and understands what she lings, gave, in a charming stylo, tho sc?ua from Ls, Somnambula, ' Come per mo soreuo.' It was, very loudly encored. Mrs. Hyan was alBO hoard to advantage in tho duet 'Sainted Mother'! and 'Tho Magio Scarf.' A young lady pupil, with a vory clear and powerful contralto voice, gavo, iu a Tery effective Btyle, ' ' The Forsaken.' Another young lady pnpil sang 'Should he upbraid;' it was very successful, though there was an exhibition of a little nervousness. Messrs. O'EuIlivan and Bnshelle (an old favourite) gave tha grand duet, ' H rival galvar tno dci.' It was splendidly rendered. Other pieces in the pro gramme were very wall sung, notably Mr. Fitzgerald's r' Home of my heart.' Mr. Halted presided at tha pianoforte. Altogether the concert was very suc odisful, and the Jftdy instructress is to be compli mented on the proficiency of her pupils. A writer in the Christchurch Pbess relates the f al lowing amating incident:— A minister in one of the largest of our New Zealand plaoae of publio -worship was examining the collection bag after service a few Sundays sinoe, and found a bank note oE consider able value inside one of the bags. Thinking the sum waa ton lurm not to Iiua liAan mtah Hit mi.hiVa I,* asnonnsed the bonanza on the following Sunday from the pulnit, and requested the persos who had made the contribution to oall on him dnring the week, and if any mistake had boon Bade he would rectify it. On the next Sunday tho minister annonnoed the astounding foot that five people had called on bim during the week, all of whom fanoied they had put is the bag a fiver each by mistake; 'but,' at the minister said, ' as the whole offertory only amounted to u. trine over £17, iuoluding tho note in question, whioh,' softly udded his reverence, ' was a w£10 onu, I an afraid some of the congregation are not always so liberal u parkapa they1 imagine.' 