LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7. The SPEAKER took the chair at 428 pm. ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS. Mr. LACKEY informed Mr. Taylor that he would cause inquiry to be made in reference to the proposal to erect a platform at the crossing at Harris Estate, between the Par Pamatta station and junction: that arrangements would be made for special excursion tickets to Campbelltown, Richmond, and Penrith, to be available, by tourists' trains, which got into Sydney on Monday trimmings and that the new station buildings which are to be erected on the up-line side of the Parramatta station would provide for any deficiency in waiting-room accommodation. The work would probably be commenced in three weeks' time. Mr. HOSKINS informed Mr. Taylor that after the important measures that had been prepared by the Land J Department had been disposed of, a Bill for the Amendment of the Public Parks Act would receive due consideration. Sir HENRY PARKES informed Mr. Taylor that the Government did not intend to extend the penny postage to Parramatta. Mr. LACKEY informed Mr. D.e.ar that.tbe.teaderof ?v-«A«T\\. Stavely for the erection of a bridge over the SA walgett, was accepted on the 25th ultimo PAPER TO BE PRINTED v W tTSON laid on the table a return showing the i Vncl tonnage of vessels thathod^visited the port of Newcastle from Jnnuavx, 1979, to 9th April, 1889. PETITION Mr BUCHANAN presented a petition signed by 1500 electors of Mudgee complaining of prison labour being IN "ht into competition with f i e labour j pjRbONALr\PLANAHO\ I Air GARRETT stated that, a few nights prov 1913, vvhcnM' l'^l»t,,ri as Bodie was the House 111 refer , the Po Vera r I I cried it's 0 Council Dot Lal Uory Bill, leper Giirett)mtoijccted that the cause of the Consti- often Act lecuiuuF that tolls for the amendment of that BotfdbcHirf/od forherMmcstv s assent had been M Tie had since a certained that such 'T not to 0 wo, and he therefore begged -> apologise (0 the hon member for having nadeannssUitemuit Chat portion of the 4pt inquiring ¿ntan.endn.cnts of the Constitution Act should be carried to a two thirds majority had been repeated, and he had t Ja under the impression that the other provision had 1 often repeated POWERS OF LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL BE its CLAYMORE BILL Mr IIT7PATMOK. resumed the debate on the motion for the second and of the bill to declare the powers of the LeusUwvo Council in reference to money bills He accepted of come, Mr Garrett s c planation, but could not help remarking,' noon the fact that when Mr. Garrett made the metal 0 it was loudly cheered by half-a wes members on the Go crumpet side, probably not one to horn lind < per 1 rid of P F cast tution Act If that were the cn what It curious temper the House must be getting in 0 Here v 113 ia in 1 care water r 01 law, and a state, "t by in her mother who like himself, was not a trier wa-rbeeredbv there) probably never saw the hill The House was not in that spirit 01 temper in which In could deal with a large constitutional question like the end he thought it behoved them to bethink them Live bees of committing themselves to a course has this hr 3 intelligent 1 ton how best to follow on the into! rest i father country HIP argument ed to the ho 1 the Premier when he last address ed the House is entitled to a reply, if you for its logic at toast for the position the hon member held in the in st place he had to 0 pre his third franc s that he had been spared the infliction of listening to tLatnadrc=s, which judging IDHI the length it carried in the daily papers and in Hansard mu time occupied some three hours in delivery He had be a trying to rush out to be what it was con mc I of, and following the pi ices of analyist heatwave ended into 100 parts they would be made HO M follfVS 70 pPl (Pat Of third deck 1 it on 20 per cent of an able abstruse his- ton of Conshtulnrnl 9. am >.->?> m Lnglat d, having a rich lecturing to the question before them is the fifth design a coach while the balance would be personal Want (Oh') somehow members would probably by ' You're another to th at t.Heir, hem-line They must all be in aged as they appeared (Hear, hear.) He ought to say that the Piemiercimmenced by complaining that he (Mr Fitzpatrick), by anticipation had dealt with this question on a motion to "do (comment, but the time was not so far gone but that hon members would remember how it came to pass that he did this Sir Henry Parkes had cut up under the guise of making a Ministerial statement, but he did not do that, but discussed the question of the mill then before the House, and when he got up Joseph, the Chairman of Committees questioned his right to speak unless others had the light to follow Mr CAMERON No I only asked n others would be allowed to speak of the question. Mr. TIT7P TRICKER am into, did not wish to have a privilege denied to other member' and accoun h moved the adjournment in order to reply tense moments Sir Henry Parkes used He explained that the House that he could not then be pK cwt when the second reading of the hill came on, Taehon member declared that he had no quarrel with him upper House and was very angry with those vote! of people who suggested he had It might he so, for the hon. member might consider it not worth his while to quarrel with the Legislative Council, but he evidently went I to destroy it as now constituted, and he had made several attempts to do so He declared unequivocally that he dwight it ought to be wiped out A little bit of the per sound element in the Pieanet s s peach was the curious declaration that he had every si mill circle of friends He had always thought it rather to a mine credit to have a large circle of friends but if the hon member thought it better to have a small circle he had no right to complain, but he might I also -ed to say that he thought the hon member was much endowed with the qualities that went to reduce a man s circle of friends It also seemed that this excess lovely small circle of friends HIS contained in the Legislative Council That was certainly a feather in their cap but that being the case he thought they had a claim upon that House that no other Lodi could have or ought to have (Hear hear ) The hon member said that the nominee principle was essentially nuous md inconsistent with human freedom they were Vin large work, but if tested by experience what did" they amount to "W but did men seek in the construc tion of a Legislature í Was it that the words of one man should be the law, of that the words of a small body of men-elected if they li! ed should be the law for the whole community That was not what they had been taught to regard as the result bought after What was Eouphtto be established was in it of all that the will of every free man should have its proper force and influence in the destiny of the State should be so expressed used to lead to tkcsuddeaoatcoiueofbnstv thoughts violen fiction, but that their legislation should he the reflections of and Union elected by the people to give expression to their views Nearly all British communities had adopted the principle of having dual Chambers, in order that the will of the people should not become law until there was full time for reflec- tion and that there should be a concurrence of opinion before that was in alteration in the radical laws of the country They had then to consider in what- respect did then system fill They had not far to try it to the the wool kings of this system of dual Chambers in the old country, by whom we had been endowed with our freedom, the principle no acknowledged that one Chamber should be elected on nice te in franchise and that the other Chamber should be a privileged class either horn to the situation or appointed for their worth for himself, he despised the whole of cor) of hereditary) government, and if the House of Lords consisted solely of kel editor v legislators it would not have signed the last century - (hear, hear-and it was only the fact that it had been supplemented from time to time by the highest talent of Great Britain that may ed it to sustain its hold upon the ] "opie "V o had in New South Wales! the nearest approach to this system that prevailed many of the colonies In nearly every colony where a dual elected homes existed there had been deadlock s, md the mo remark able illustration of this was only next door to us in Victoria What had been the i resultant only under the fatal ad ministration of the late Government but on previous occasions I two or three times they had been at a dead standstill, because the Lower House-the elected House-claimed to have the 'arno derivative right to deal with all questions as the Lower House had, and it was impossible to get over this difficulty , but this was not so with us Our Upper Chamber, conscious that they had no such power, had never attempted to usurp such a power and the greatest charge made against them by the hon member for Mudgee was, that they had persistently refused to pass measures which had been passed by that F ouse "Vi ere the Upper Chamber to have minds of their own, or were they) merely to record of the deliberations of the Assembly) There was not a bill which had been Uescd more than once by the Assembly which the Upper House did not passed they had even passed the Mi tiI anomaly Causes bill When they ascertained that any measure embodied the clear will of the Assembly they passed it, and that was really and truly) acting as they should act, and this was the way in which the House of Lords acted in England llusshowedtbiitwoiippiopchedmoronoiilv to the form of "government in England than at) other hitherto dev red, and yet the Premier had threatened to uproot the other Howe Inother canons- part of the Premier s address was that he showed elaborated) that the bill had been introduced in that House, and laid some stress upon the care with which it had been treated by the Cabinet, but that it remained for some v tel ed poison to di cover it had no ambiguity "VSkat had that got to do with her to S />tms the first time that a ball had passed this Chamber and had been amended in the other > There were men of the highest capacity in that Chamber who cheerfully performed the duty of amending bills to make them carry out the mornings the Assembly, and supposing that there was an ambiguity, win should it not be removed. The hon. gentleman had raised an important issue as to whether the amendment was material or not, and UMnthisfunn) inference that if it were not material it must have S been made with a motor o How did he draw it some of the clauses of the bill were ambiguous, thomas, they did not express what the Government meant, namely), that the bill should not apply to documents in existence before it became law Members of the Government in the As- sembly and in the Council said that it was not intended to have such an application, and the Attorney General and ur 5 C Brown said that the bill on the face of it could not have such an application Gentlemen in the Council thought it would, and people out of doors became very unhappy and a statement was made which he ,* pins not true that the Treasurer told a mere routine friend that it would be hot on the people who had come out the Government themselves said that they would wing man amending Act if it were necessary to remove of the b ttwC t IT in G0d'3UamC'""llereWa!"the wrong done Mr CAMERON That is the whole point ({Mr FITZPATRICK The Council said why not amend »f"thfl^iIEEOí, i felt IS That "e s representatives M the people, would like to do ÜeeWedIthlZPAT:RPf the hand of the Government ÏÏ?Il}*,t.«on,B, is the highest legal authorities in the «u_,A tw%ra ftBt the bl" T aSt rehospeehvo It he Coll '2 788 not intended to be so now then had not Haymes a substantial amendment They had 1P5S^» Take the rates more or less They Wkrew»,^at we Gwonmient said the) meant M5 £2 -essentiality of the alteration then 2 The seekmrrînSrt,Ta medical one-way that the Council were of whitÄ"*tiuatl0n who were to be the judges AÄrt iT"o' TbeAssembh which did theatre to make the bill retrospective The Council were accused of attempting to introduce the thin end of the wedge to extort privileges from the Assembly which they did not possess Supposing for the sake of argument that they -intelligent, experienced colonists as they were, many of whom had passed through the Assembly-had such a motive Could they not have exercised ltinsomeothei way thinthisofexplainmgthemoaningofabill Could they not have introduced some little word at variance with the mean- ing of the Assembly? People out of doors were beginning to regard the Council in a different light to that they used to, and it had been acknowledged that they represented the true interests of the people better than many men returned to the Assembly He contended that the comparisons made by the hon. gentleman between the Council here and the Council of Victoria was illogical with regard to this question, and that there was nothing in the English Constitution to define the position. The hon gentleman in turgid eloquence referred to Magna Charta and the Bill of Rights Mr CAMERON Are they written ] les [Mr CAMERON-In or, head There was not a Reliable in them relating to this subject, and the hon gentleman was throwing dust in their eyes by refering to them They embodied the claims of villains who were wrest- ing their lights from a tyrannical king Men were not masters of their lives in those days, 1101 their property and their children [Sir rutNiM INor then was as either Were the people hero fighting for their liberties, then lives, of the virtue of their children J RoM As a put of his pedantic display the hon member pave the House on extract from Professor Stubbs What for-' Let him delay them for two or three seconds to show them, the sort of subtle sort of fustian with which they had been gulled 1 be hon. member spoke of the great work of Professor Stubbs " 1 he history of institutions cannot be mustered can scarcely be approached without an effort ' Just imagine that "it has, a poor man in the country could not saw through a log without a i effort " It affords little or UP romantic incident or of the picturesque grouping which constitute the charm of history in general and holds out small temptation to the mind that requires to be tempted to the study of truth He might say with Mr Chadband " What is threw the But it has a deep value and an abiding interest to those who have courage to work upon it. It presents, in every branch a regularly developed series of causes and consequences, and abounds Mr JACOB rose to order The other night when he had desired to quote from France I, he was called to order far doing so. The SPI AlvLR said the hon. member for Yass was quoting from a speech delivered in the debate on the question before the House and was, therefore, in order What the b in member for the Lower Hunter had been called to order for was quoting from a previous debate in the same s sion Mr. FITZPATRICK : " It presents in every branch a regularly developed series of causes and consequences, and abounds in examples of that continuity of life, the realize - tons of which is necessary to give in a personal hold on the past, and a light judgment of the present. For the roots of the present lia step in the past, and nothing in the past is dead to the man who would learn how the present comes to be what it is." Now had not this a, remarkable bearing upon the subject? What had this to do with the question? What did it mean? Then the hon. member proceeded: "Without some knowledge of constitutional history it is absolutely impossible to understand the origin of parties, the development of principles, the growth of nations in spite of parties and in defiance of principles." Well, we were enormously enlightened by Professor Stubbs, he would admit, for he had discovered that it was impossible to understand history or anything of the kind without an effort. In showing that our Constitution Act was only, as the hon. member described it, a mere skeleton without the application of those principles which had been fought for in England, where they had no written Constitution, the hon. member gave as a little illustration, the first responsible Government we had, in which an hon. member of the Upper House was appointed Colonial Treasurer, and the hon. member asked what we should do in a case of that kind if we had nothing but our Constitution to go upon. But what had the Constitution of England got to do with it. The way the matter alluded to was dealt with was this the members of this House thought it was a preposterous thing to appoint a Treasurer a man who was not; a member of this House, and the members of this House having the power to do so would have sent Mr. Donaldson about his business, if he had not made the change they required. Wnsit the Constitution that did this? Itwassiuiply common sense. Did the hon. member forget a more appropriate illustration to which he had a very close personal connection He remembered a debate in this House in which a Government was condemned for having its Colonial Secretary in the Upper House. Did it want a Constitution to prevent that? He had thought the decision that was come to a preposterous one, because it might be convenient to have the Colonial Secretary in the Upper House; but this House ruled otherwise, and if this House ruled that either. the Minister for Works or any other Minister must be here, he must be here, or else the Government would go out. But we did not want the Constitution of England for that. The other House had refused with great propriety to proceed with business unless they had an officer of the Government there to conduct business; but they did not want the Bill of Rights for that. What was there in the Constitution of this colony that required the Ministers in this House at all Was it not known that the Governor could take a number of men from the streets and make them Ministers ? But the Governer being liable to a technical interpretation of law, those Ministers could not sit in the House, and he would not, under such circumstances, get a penny of money voted here. It was that simple necessity that compelled the Governor to come here and choose the members of the Executive from the members of this House; and did it want a Constitution to teach us that '< Again the hon. member asked what was there in the Constitution that required the Estimates to be brought in here by the Government. There was this trifle in the Constitution-that if the Estimates were not brought in here they could not be passed. They could not by the Constitution be introduced by the other House, and they could not be brought in here unless the Governor sent them here. Again the hon. member said, what was there in the Constitution to say that Ministers should go out of office when they had lost the confidence of this House ? Hero was an absurdity ? There was nothing in the Constitution but this inconvenient fact- that if they did not go out, they would be kicked out that if the Governor did not got other advisers, the business of the country would be stopped. The ablest effort the hon. member made in his speech was his account of the growth of the British Constitution, but it had no earthly bearing on the question. We were in this position : "We had a charter from which we could not depart, except by the process known to the law, and which we must follow, according to the strict interpretation of the law. Great Britain had no charter, but the power of her kings and nobles had been gradually wrested from them, and that was the liberty of the nation, and that was what they contended for. The peril of to-day was not the wresting anything from the Crown or her nobles, but the want of a check or bit in the mouth of democracy-to keep the Lower House in its position, so as not to disturb that balance of power which was so necessary for the well-being of the community. The hon. member quoted as very pertinent to this question the resolution of the Commons in 1671, in these words : " That in all aids given to the King by the Commons, the rate or tax ought not to be altered." This was one one of those old standpoints, one of the old finger-posts of the unwritten Constitution of England which it would be insane for us to depart from. But giving full value to this grand old dictum, in what regard had the Upper House sought to alter the rates or imposts ? It could not be shown in what respect the Upper Chamber had outraged this dictum. At a later period they re-affirmed these words' ' undoubted and sole right to determine the purposes, conditions, and qualifications of all bills for granting money to the Crown.' " In what respect had this Upper Chamber sought to alter the conditions or qualifications of such bills The hon. member in the next part of his speech complained very bitterly indirectly he (Mr. Fitzpatrick) supposed of him and of some other people, who alleged that the usual course of the Commons was to accept an amendment made by the Lords by sending it back as if it were their own. He (Mr! Fitzpatrick) never made the assertion ; but what had been said was that it was frequently done, and even the celebrated resolutions, which the hon. member reproduced after one of the most elaborate inquiries over made in modern times as to what were the powers of the two HOUSES, declared that it was sometimes done-that the House of Lords sometimes uttered money bills. It became usual representatives of the people, not to concur in any Act by which the Upper Chamber sought to after a money bill in any material point, and we should throw, it under the table, but we never saw it declared till now that the Upper House had not legal power to do this. in the very words which the hon. member himself used the something occurred, with scarcely a' qualification. This was what the hon. member said " I think it will be admitted that, from that day to the present, they have pretty steadily adhered to these resolutions. It is not the case, as has been asserted repeatedly, that the House of Lords' frequently amends money bills, and that the House of Commons frequently adopts those amendments. That has been done, and has been done on several occasions." Was that not enough for his purpose of argument ? It had been done, the hon. member admitted, on several occasions. What they had asked the Premier to do was not to foment this quarrel with the Upper House, but to accept the decorous course taken under such circumstances by the House of Commons either to put the bill under the table and accept the amendment with a message protesting against its being drawn into a precedent, or else re-cast the bill, and remove the difficulty by so amending the clause that it should not be open to the charge of ambiguity. Nobody ever meant to insinuate that it was the custom of the House of Commons to allow the Lords to amend a money bill without protesting. The hon. member had treated the House to some very long quotations from Constitutional authorities. There was a long quotation from De Loone on money bills'; but that quotation had reference almost entirely to grants to the Crown. He was aware that, " May, and some other authorities mixed up the two kinds of bills grants to the Crown, and taxes, but by other authorities they were treated very differently indeed. Those quota- tions had really little or nothing to do with the question, and the same might be said of the hon. gentleman's quota- tions from Lord Brougham and Stubbs; they had practically speaking, no reference to the issue they were now trying. Then the quotation from Howley referred to the origination of money bills, which right was affirmed here a beyond all question." One word about the paper duties. The hon. member had twice or thrice introduced this subject, as if it had some bearing upon the issue raised in that Chamber. The House of Commons who had the exclusive right to us the people of Great Britain, chord in their, wisdom to remit the of q er done the House of Lords | chose to Rev they should not be remitter "W is more any parallel between that and who has taken place here that aft of the Lord was one of the most daunt, things of modern times was it any wonder men that the House of Commons waxed wrath and that Lord I palmerston resisted it "My hat had the Upper don't close hereof the same in nature? It was perfectly farcical to introduce this subject gain and again in reference to a case of this 1 md The hon member himself quoted this resolve turn - As a general rule, when the lords otLmiise amend the t practice of the Commons has been either to postpone the contention of such amendments or to disagree, and b., di^agiuane;to invite upon idol ltion nth put of the, Lord, or to lay aside the bill without taking" any further procedures upon it and in some instances when the bill has been laid aside the practice has been to bring in a new bill embody in0 01 not embody - ing as the case may be the Loids'iTnendmeut There was nothing plainer than lb it Seeing, that the amendment was in entire keeping with what was the intention of the Government, they might well have adopted a similar course The hon rooms r asked who was to judge of the fitness of this course He said the House was Goudge whether the Upper House had touched a money bill in any substantial manner whether they had put then will in antagonism to that Assembly He i err I that of the Council had not done so they can let him measure without the alteration of a letter they humbly said "Do make your bill plain because clauses 14 and 28 seem to us to be retrospective whereas your representative here says it is not " Had this occurred in England the Commons would either have adopted it or sent it with a message that it was no to go in any v a) ii impeachment of their powers hon. member said this bill was not to extend the Ccustit ation Vet that it was not to do me the powers of the VL Dor House but to define what was beyond all doubt the law He would like to ask any) impartial and sensible man whether that was not the most arrant nonsense in the bill was not to in end the Constitution Actor define the powers of the 5 per House, what w s it to do t "Was it not to limit the power of the Upper House' is the hon. member said it was only to declare what the law had always been The Chief Justice of this colony had declared over and over Steinthal their powers and no flexes v ore contained within the four corners of the Constitution let and he had never heard any law vet contradict him, and say he was wrong he was sure the hon mc nber's legal colleague would not say so If this was not a b 11 to alter the law, what was the necessity for it It was a sham and an impertinence to bring in a declaratory bill to declare that to be the law which had been the law for the last 15 years But he was sure there was not a law ver in the country who would say it had been the law for the last 20 x years. An) intelligent 1 lyman must know that what the hon member said was not correct VA hen the law said that money bills must originate in the Lower House, it said all that, it meant to say It to the argument about the futility of originating a bill in the Lower House if the Upper House had the power of manipulating it, he should like to know what was meant by maniDiilatina; They needed no other power than the power of originating money bills and of throwing them aside of the Upper House put their hands on them in any way contrary to the Constitution Should the hon member be sane enough to retrace his steps the bill might yet pass through the Legislative Council, but although the bill said it was to come in force on the 1st April next, the Council were a not to have power to alter it, because it was a more bill, they must not amend money bill, even to make it intelligible The hon member told them this was not a bill dealing with the powers of the Legislative Council What then did it mean 9 It professed to do so on the face of it, because it say that the powers are not there, and the must not exercise them Then the hon. member said it was too much for a member of the Upper House to take a money bill and tear it to tatters Who was the imaginary person who had done this is How bad the bill been torn to tatters * There was not a letter altered Although certain hon members of the Council objected to the system of taxation upon receipts, they refrained! in our making any alteration There was one portion of the Premier s speech which he (Mr Fitzpatrick) had read with pain, namely, that in which he referred to the notion of Sir Charles Cowper in asking certain members of the Assembly to become members of the Council, and expecting them it they accepted, to give the Government their support He (Mr TiUn itnek) thought that one of the most contemptible actions that had ever occurred in politics in this colony (Cheer ) The man who supported such an act on as that was not fit to lead the country (Hear, hear ) the members of the Long House had been appointed to do their duty conscientiously, and not to be the creatures of the sum or the Government who appointed them (Hear, hear ) He was gratified to notice that some of the gentlemen who had been recently) honoured with the Premier s app oval had resisted him in this matter It the Premier has brought in a bill to amend the Constitution Act in the direction that this bill aimed at, he was not sure that he would have offered it any great resistance Hodidnotthtnl that the Constitution would be thereby made much worse, nor did he think that it would be improved if the Constitution was made the same is in Victoria, where the Council did not have the power of amending money bills But for the Premier to introduce a bill to declare that the law doeänotnow drive the Council that power, was to give utterance to a political he No man who was entitled to speak with authority had ever said that that was the law. On the contrary they had the assurance of Sir Alfred Stephen, wl one opinion on this question would be accepted with respect, that such was not the law under the Constitution Act in its present form The Premier had been constantly referring to the manner in which the House of Commons bad protected its rights without any written Constitution and why coaldbenot treat the members of the popular Chamber in this country to do the same thing Such a bill as this would be kicked out with contempt from the House of Lords as it would be kicked out by the Upper House here, in conformity with the well known constitutional rule that an amendment of the Constitution of one House could only be originated in the House v bush it seem ed What cause had there been for all this d sputing ?> In the opinion of a majority of the House the legislation of the colony had been progressing satisfactorily, when it was all upset by this display of temper on the part of the Premier The country was anxiously waiting for the Electoral Bill but would it get that measure if the time of Parliament was to be waited in this manner ? He denied that the rights of this House had been infringed by the Upper House, and would vote against the second reading of this bill Mr. GREENWOOD thought it rather strange that the hon. member who had just spoken had not, in the analysis he made of the Premier's speech, been able to Undone per cent, of common sense in that speech. He (Mr. Greenwood might say, in reply, that if Mr. Fitzpatrick's speech did not contain 20 percent, of vanity it contained at least that amount of self appreciation," and a corresponding amount of contradictions, balanced with a few sentences with which he (Mr. Greenwood) quite agreed. It was becoming painfully noticeable that there was a disposition on the part of the hon. member at the head of the Opposi- tion to make everything that the head of the Government said a personal matter. (Hear, hear.) Almost every question of public policy was twisted in that direction. "(Hear hear.) Some reference had been made to the course of legislation in the sister colonies. As a proof that the two branches of the Legislature in Victoria were not elected upon anything like the same basis, he desired to call the hon. gentleman's attention to the following extract from Martin's Staetstnan's Year Book : " The legislative authority is vested in a Parliament of two chambers the Legislative Council, composed of thirty members, and the Legislative Assembly, composed of eighty-six members. A property qualification is required both for members and electors of the Legislative Council. Members must be in the possession of an estate of the value of £2500, or of the annual value of £250; and electors must be in the possession or occupancy of property of the rateable value of £50 per annum within" municipal districts, or of the clear value of £1000 or £100 per annum beyond these districts. No electoral property qualification is required, for graduates of British universities, matriculated students of the Melbourne University, ministers of religion of all denominations, certificated schoolmasters, lawyers, medical practitioners, and officers of the army and navy. Six members, or a fifth of the Legislative Council, must retire every two years, so that a total change is effected in ten years. The members of the Legislative Assembly are elected by universal suffrage, for the term of three years." The Council was elected by about 23,000 electors and the Assembly by about 100,000. The cause of deadlocks in Victoria was not the basis of election, but the want of some means of settling differences between the two Houses. For that reason it was proposed to widen the basis of election of the Council to dissolve both Houses in case of a serious disagreement, and if that disagreement continued that both Houses should sit and vote together. The hon. member had said that the amendment which the Council had made in the Stamp Duties Bill was not of a substantial character. If that were the case, why did that House risk the loss of a bill for raising a quarter of a million of money for the sake of an amendment, which was not of a substantial character The hon. member had said that the other House represented public opinion as much as this House. [Mr. FITZPATRICK : I did not say that He presumed the hon. member meant in those matters now before the House. That simply meant that he must be right, and if the House differed from him that the House must be wrong. (Hear, hear.) The hon. member also said that he was on the side of public opinion, and that the members of the House were not on that side. They were responsible to their constituents, and if that was the case they would know in the hustings. The Upper House, however, was not responsible to anybody, and that was the weakness of their position. For 40 years Mr. Wentworth had devoted himself to securing to the people the right to govern themselves, and prevent them from interference the part of the officials in Downing-street, who were at the time mis- governing Great Britain. The Act was however meant to be far less liberal than it was found to be, and he contended that they at the present time, had the same right to say he \y they should be governed as Mr. Wentworth had, or as the people of the colony in 1855 had. (Hear, hear.) The rights they demanded were the rights of man. (Hear, hear.) But Mr. Wentworth himself was not sure of his meaning, for in 1862, when he occupied the position of President of the Legislative Council, he spoke as follows, " He had no hesitation in saying that his first ruling was erroneous, and that this House," the Legislative Council, " had as much authority to amend money bills as the Lower House of Parliament." The controversyhadcontinuedalmost from the time when the Act first came into existence to the present time, and invariably the Assembly had refused to acknowledge the right claimed by the Council,' The I abstract right the Council had, but it came to he a serious impediment to the progress of public business, That was one reason VVP should declare what the law really did mean a better still, have it settled what the powers of the two houses were The hon. member further said that the need for the day was to put a bit in the mouth of the Democracy He wanted to put a bit in the mouth of those whom he represented, lost their powers should become too great The very author of our o -vn Constitution- is mr ii no men could be. considered the as they said something to the P June at set in his speech on the second reading of the bill-that if the people had the disposition to secure more of in expression of public opinion in the direction prevailing in America that would be the best reason why we should rise a bulwark against them He (Mr Greenwood) held that the Constitution should be a means of erecting how every free man should have the same light in tire Consti labor is every other man the country, he was satisfied would have no hereditary government but would insist upon a representative (government (Hear, hear) A general support in the other House to the measure which the Government proposed to introduce was e proved to be given by the nominees of the Government The hon member objected to the House being told that and he admitted I think there was son thing unbecoming in the way in which the members of the other House were told what their duties were but was it not a fact ' if it was to not a fact- what means Ina they of any olding a dead iA He quoted from a xr jail on Constitutional history To so viz that a similar course w 13 "trapped in England in the House of Lords He advocated the passage of m let to define the powers of the two Houses and to alter the constitution of the Legislative Council. He would give them all the powers of that House with respect, to money bills except that of originating them, but would traits iepi>.s"nta4ivo chamber on a different basis from that of the Assembly, its tenure of off of being double that of that He SP then if there were a difference between the two Houses for sure the two sessions They i might adopt the plan prone ed in Victoria, and dissolve both Houses the billows methods of he presumed for the purpose of raising revenue "What was meant by the constitution was one thing, and what it ought to repair another In regard to the meaning of the proviso in the first clause there could not well be much room for doubt Itsatdthat all bills for appropriating revenue or imposing taxation must originate in the Assembly It was evident however, that the Council, in consequence of the wording of the clause claimed a right to amend money bills, which the Assembly refused to recognize Lien the hon member for Bass, he presumed, would not permit the Council to substantially) alter a money bill Wore the) to accept this question as one of degree ° If the amendments of the Council were merely little clerical ones, the Assembly might be content If the clause gave the Council power to alter a money bill at all, it did so to any extent the Council chase [Sir HEMW PARKES Hear, hear and if the Constitution give them that power, then it should be altered If they yielded the shadow, they would be called upon to v told the substance too That was the chief reason why the Constitution should be amended He would, how - over, rather see the constitution of the Council altered, but if thiscouldnof beefeater, they should adopt the other course He quite agreed that the 16th clause of the Constitution Act would necessitate this bill being reserved for her Majesty's assent, because it would alter the Constitution This was purely a local matter, and therefore he thought the Constitution Act should be altered to meet the case (Attention was called to the state of the House, and a quorum formed ). The only way in which the Administration when it was supported by the representatives of the people, could carry on the Government of the country, was to use the power of the Constitution vested in the Crown to nominate members in order to give strength to the Administration That had been the practice in England and in this colony. On the 11th June, 1861, there was some necessity for the nomination of new members to the Upper House, and this was how the matter came before the Council " 1st. It is essential that the Legislative Council should, as speedily as possible, be reconstructed on an elective basis 2nd It is equally essential that the Land Bills, as last agreed to by the Legislative Assembly, should be passed without delay. and 3rd That the Government should have in the Council a fair working majority 4 These are principles! which, in the opinion of the Council, pervade the community, and to which they feel that they are bound to give effect The Council believe that the list submitted to them by his Excellency will give the Government a fur working majority) and in the expectation that the gentlemen named in it will adopt these principles in deference to public opinion, and in a generous spirit, they are prepared to advise ) that seats in the Legislative Council be offered to them, as set forth in the said list a copy of which is hereto appended 6 The Council also recommend that a copy of this minute should accompany the letter which his Excellency may direct to be addressed to each gentleman , and, as a fitting tribute to the eminent services conferred by Mr Wentw of the on the colony, they finally advise that his Excellency should request him to accept the office of President TDWArrj C MEUEXV_TKLU, Clerk of Council" then followed the list of names- To every one of the gen- tlemen was sent a copy of the resolution which he had read, and everyone understood that in accepting a seat in the Council be was pledged to support the passing of the Land Bill, and to give the Government a fair working majority Upon that in her standing 24 accepted seats and only three declined, and it did not appear that they declined because of any feeling of opposition to the Government Just because it was essential to the present constitution of the second chamber that the appointment of additional nominees was at times necessary to prevent deadlocks he contended that constitution should be altered the With regard to a second point which was worth noticing, and which had reference to the proposition to make the other House elective, the pi people or this proposition was the very first to which the Council was pledged, and it was now in force in Victoria, and had to be further extended for the purpose of getting rid of a deadlock The Saturday Review, referring to the difficulty that had occurred in Victoria, commented as follows s "The leader of the Conservatives in the As- sembly has indicated what, in his judgment, would be a reasonable settlement of the questions in dispute between the two Chambers He would first diminish the probability of a deadlock by mai mg the Council a more popular body, and he would meet the possible failure of this expedient by a provision that when, after a dissolution of both He uses, no arrangement could be come to between them, the equal tions at issue should be decided by a joint vote In this way the wishes of the popular House would be sure to be carried out, unless the majority in their favour were too small to overcome the opposite majority in the Upper House It is safe to say that the community would not suffer if a change which failed to command this amount of popular support had to stand over until a larger proportion of the public were convinced of its necessity The wisdom of the Legislative Council would now be shown in publishing as widely as possible their readiness to accept a Reform Bill of this kind Whatever those u of moderation or good sense in the colony will thus be enlisted on their side He had on a previous occasion made a similar suggestion, and now it had received approval as a wise conservative measure. The bill before this House proposed no such thing as the reconstitution of the second Chamber, and we must deal with it as it was. It seemed to him to be the duty of all good citizens, when dealing with matters of practical legislation, not to ascertain how far they could differ from one another, but how far they could agree. He had looked at this bill with a disposition" to agree with it as far as possible, and he thought if they could remove the restrictive provision from the bill and simply let it declare what the law was for the future, and if they could secure the consent of the other House to that declaration for the future, they might let the dead past bury its dead. (Hear, hear.) By leaving out a few words from the bill it could be made to accomplish that purpose. He saw no reason why the bill should be made retrospective, and he could not with any respect for the members of the Upper House ask them to swallow their own opinions, which they had emphatically expressed, by asking them to say they had not the right to do what they had done. There was no" necessity for that. If the Upper House did not wish to use their power to amend money bills, they could agree to lot money bills pass, merely using their power to reject and then they would be in the same position as the House of Lords with regard to the House of Commons. He would just read one extract to show the position of that House now. Lord Palmerston said, in the course of the debate on the Paper Duties Bill in 1860 : " We have denied to the Lords the right of originating such measures ; we have, moreover, denied to them the right of altering or amending such measures. And both those assertions of right we have the power to enforce ; because in either race bills originating or amended in the Lords must come down to this House and this House then has the opportunity either to confer with the Lands, thereby endeavouring to persuade them to give up their alterations, or to reject the bill." Well of course we could do the same. We had the power to reject the bill as we did in this case. And the same power was used in the case of the Paper Duties Bill. But those resolutions moved by Lord Palmerston did not satisfy the Liberals; (Hear, hear.) They complained that the resolutions did not go far enough, and Lord Palmerston had to explain that the right of the Commons would be recognised by the Lords, and that though they claimed in the abstract to have that right, they would let it be in abeyance Let us suppose that the Council said " Well, we do not claim to alter money bills, but we will put in the alterations that we think should be carried; the other House can alter the bill and then put in the amendments we propose." What a hideous farce that would be. (Hear, hear.) Or they might say " we will not put in the amendment but the Assembly will bring in another bill with the amendment, and by that plan they would get second- hand what they could not get at first hand. He would be no party to that. If the Upper House should revise money bills, make that Chamber responsible to those who had to pay the taxes, so that the principle of levying taxes should go with representation. Upon the grounds he had stated he was prepared to vote for the second reading of the bill, and he did so because it was a fundamental point that only the people from whom the taxes come have a right to determine the amount and incidence of those taxes. It was contrary to common ROUSE for a nominee Chamber, created by the changing necessities of our political administrations, to have control over the people's taxes. The rights of the people did not spring from written law-those rights were anterior to nil written documents. The great Saxon people were free men ; they used the power of imposing taxes, of making war, and even of electing their king. But the Norman Conquest put an end to that, and the free born Englishmen were made serfs of the soil. It was not until 1295 that there was a real Parliament, representing the people, and the rights of the people were not finally determined until William of Orange signed the Bill of Rights. But that Bill of Rights did not create the rights of free-born Englishmen. The Stuarts were hurled from the throne because they trampled on those nights. We were the heirs of those rights. (Hear, hear if We have lost control of those rights under the new we claim the power to alter that law. He should- support the second reading of the bill, on the understanding that in committee he should endeavour to take the Metro spective principle out of the bill, and say that for the future i representation and taxation shall be co-extensive. Mr. LEARY could have understood the introduction of a bill to make the Legislative Council elective, but he could not understand the measure now before them The speech of the Colonial Secretary on this bill was the most illogical speech he had ever heard him make. That hon. member first of all started on wrong premises by not deal- ing with the question fairly : he dealt with a false issue, and read extracts from different authors having no application whatever to the present measure. What was the use of appealing to the opinions of Mr. Wentworth ? Supposing Mr. Wentworth did mean that this nominee body should not have anything to do with money bills, the Judges would interpret the statute according to the words it contained. The first point was whether there was any doubt as to what the Assembly meant in regard to the 14 ton and 28th clauses. The Government said there was no doubt whatever, and Sir Henry Parkes said there was no doubt expressed, hero or out of doors, as to whether it was retrospective ov otherwise. Well, he had a distinct recollection of Mr. Jacob arguing that if these clauses were passed it would be a very doubtful matter whether a bill becoming due after the passing of the Act would not be chargeable with a stamp duty it it came before a Court of law. There was one instance, and that was enough for his argument. The Colonial Secretary argued that the members of the Council, for whom he had great personal regard, and one-half of whom would never have held their seats if he had chosen to say " no," were now bound to support any bill he liked to introduce. There was one member of the" Legislative Council, who stood very high in the legal profession Mr. Darley who had a great sympathy with the Colonial Secretary, who said there was considerable doubt about those clauses, whether under their provisions if a bill or a promissory note came before a Court of judicature they would be chargeable with stamp duties. The Council had not asserted their right to amend a money bill. He should always oppose the Legislative Council interfering materially with" a money bill. But if this bill should pass, the Council would be able to do nothing. They would not be able to deal with the Customs Bill, the Education Bill, or the Land Bill. Half the clauses that came before the Council dealt with money, in some way or other, and were they to be like mutes ? This bill would not allow the Council to deal at all with any money bill. Years ago the Council made amendments in a money bill, and the Assembly threw it under the table. That was a clear, easy, and specific mode of dealing with it. The same object was sought to be attained by the Council that the Assembly desired; there was an ambiguity, and the Council wished to remove it. What other course was open to them than the one they took ? He should like to know what difficulty there would be in adopting the course always taken in such cases by the House of Commons. He thought if any circumstances would justify them in embodying an amendment, it was where the amendment carried out what the Assembly wished to be carried out. The Colonial Secretary had made a speech in which he had said all kinds of hard things of the Council ; remarks which no statesman in England would have uttered. (Hear, hear.) What could be thought of a statesman that boasted-" It was at my breath that more than half the members of that Council were appointed." Many of the members of that Council were men of high character and quite fit for the positions they occupied in the Parliament of the country. The Colonial Secretary had himself said that he saw no harm in the amendment which the Council had made, and that he advised his colleagues to consent to it. Why, then, had he permitted himself to be overruled and a quarrel precipitated between the two Houses ? He (Mr. Leary) trusted that the House would not consent to the passage of this bill, but that they would look at the matter calmly when the first excitement had passed over. Mr. BUCHANAN claimed that the hon. gentleman who had just spoken should support the bill, inasmuch as he had denied the right of the Council to amend money bills. Was it not a farce to say that they were to accept an amendment made by the Legislative Council by setting aside the bill and reintroducing it with the amendment embodied in it? Was any word more appropriate ? Suppose the Council amended every clause of the bill, would they not be accepting the amendments. He felt highly gratified to think he had an opportunity of being there to give that bill his most strenuous and emphatic support, and to congratulate the country that they had in office a man who saw the great magnitude of the question. He only hoped that the deepest earnestness influenced and controlled the Government in dealing with this question, for if over there was a question, and every one knew how earnest he was on the education question and the Church, and School Lands question, now before the Legislative Council was prepared to allow all this legislation to go sooner than suffer this fearful in- fringement of their rights to take place, and he was glad that the Government had been affected by the same principles. It they allowed the Council to make any amendment, the next amendment might be swelled beyond all dimensions in importance. The grave error they would commit would be in not standing upon their rights. He denied the right of the Council to make any amendment whatever under the the Constitution Act, and defied anyone to point out where it was specifically stated in the Act that they had any such right. The words used were that the right of originating bills vested in the Assembly, and that showed that the Council had no right whatever to interfere, control, or legislate with the people's money. Did they want any stronger or more emphatic language to tell them that the Under Chamber had nothing to do with money bills'? The moment they conceded that right they lost the right to control the taxation of the people. He was opposed to the Stamps Bill and rejoiced that it was lost, but if they admitted the right of the Council to make even the least important amendment, they could reduce the taxation to a shilling by a series of amendments. This principle was admitted if they permitted the Council to amend a money bill at all, and the right of control over the people's money went from the peoples representatives to a Chamber that had no connection with the people at all; they were not responsible to the people or amenable to the people, and this was the great danger they were trying to ward off. Hampden was only called upon for 30s., but he stepped forward and resolved to sacrifice his life, liberty, and office in resistance to what he considered was an intolerable tyranny and wrong. The hon. member for Yass and the Sydney Morning Herald would have said to him, " Pay the 30s., and don't mind it." They would have advised just what they were doing now. "But all their arguments were beside the question. They had nothing to do with the nature or character of the amendment, but simply with the right of that body to make any amendment whatever, and if the House admitted that right they would be trampling on the rights of the people. The true principle for which they had to contend was that the Upper House had no right whatever to touch money bills. If the people only understood this question properly, he doubted whether any of those who opposed the bill would ever darken the doors of the House again. No upholder of the action of the Council said that it was right for the Council to amend money bills. They only admitted that the Constitution Act was silent on the point. He for one, while heartily sympathising with the Government in this matter, would support their bill most cordially. He could not agree that they should endeavour to shape the bill so as to meet the approval of the Council. They must send up their convictions of what was right, however unpalatable these might be to that body. What necessity, however, was there for the Council at all. What was wanted was government for the people by the people, and, to attain this, one Chamber was sufficient in a democratic country like this. A second Chamber originated from a slavish and sheepish imitation of England, whose circumstances were very different from what they were hero. He had unlimited confidence in the people so far as their capacity for governing themselves was concerned, and they should govern themselves. Those who advocated a second Chamber contended that it was not safe to trust the people to govern themselves, while anyone who gave consideration to the matter, must see that a second Chamber merely re- tarded the business of the country. The bill now before the House was the most important which the Government had brought forward this session, and he would say let even the two important measures now before the Upper Chamber fall, but let this bill pass and become law. Mr. O'CONNOR said there never had been a greater attempt to lead the House and the country away from the real issue of the question before it than the speech of the hon. member for Mudgee. In 1871, the hon. member had called upon the Legislative Council to strike out from Sir James Martin's Customs Bill the clause that contained the ad valorem provision. But the hon. member was a free- trader then. He (Mr. O'Connor) considered the Legislative Council to be a place of great honour, and was it to be merely a registry office with regard to bills '{ This bill was not brought in by the Premier to serve the liberties of the people, but to gratify the vanity of Sir Henry Parkes. That gentleman would find himself very much mistaken if he went to the country on this question. The Press had spoken out on this question against the Premier-not only the Press of this colony, but the leading papers of other colonies. Was the Legislative Council try ing to rob the Assembly or the people of any of " their rights ? Nothing of the kind. The Government said this bill was not to be retrospective, and it was sent to the Council. Those gentlemen passed that bill ward for word, but, seeing that there was some doubt that would cause litigation among the people, they made a verbal amendment to remove that doubt. That was the head and front of their offending. The Colonial Secretary had been charged by one of the leading newspapers with trying to bring about a deadlock. They knew that for years all practical legislation had been stopped through the opposition between Sir Henry Parkes and Sir John Robertson. But the people marked their disapprobation of the conduct of those two gentlemen by ousting them at the last election. Now there were a number of measures that had passed through the Assembly just on the verge of becoming law, yet the Colonial Secretary wiçns to bring about a dead-lock for tho purpose of perpetuating himself in office ; his object was like Mr. Berry to get a subservient Parliament. People had death staring, them in the face for want of social and sanitary measures, yet oil legislation was to be stopped in order to keep Sir Henry Parkes in office. In 1871 there were twenty amendments of a vital character made in the Customs Bill by the Legislative Council, yet those amendments were accepted by the the Assembly, and three members of the present Government-Sir John Robertson, Mr, Lackey, and Mr. Hoskins, voted for the acceptance, of those amendments. He had no sympathy for loyalty for duties ; still loss had he any sympathy for a sucoMïful plebian who attempted to ride rough-shod over the liberties of the people. He and those who voted with him would ..-«¿Mt»' to do nothing to abridge the rights of the people, but this was a deliberate attempt of the Premier to bring about a dead lock. The Premier had told them that he was in the first I instance prepared to give way to the Council, but was over I ruled by his colleagues. He would like to know who those members of the Ministry were. The speech of the hon. member for Mudgee would have had much more weight if I delivered from the Opposition side of the House, if he had used his oratory and his learning to sweep away the pretensions of the Colonial Secretary. They had an opportunity now such as seldom fell to the lot of any Legislative Assembly. An attempt was made here to put up the unsavory hands of the Colonial Secretary to touch the sacred ark of the Constitution, and every man in the country should do his utmost to pull down the iconoclastic hands of the Colonial Secretary. The quotations of the Colonial Secre- tar)* had nothing whatever to do with the question. Pro lessor Stuble's opinions had as much to do with the question as the altitude of the Pyrenees or the temperature of the South Sea Islands. He refused to believe that the majority of the members of the Cabinet had accepted their positions upon the terms that they should not have a voice in the appointments for the Legislative Council. All honour to the gentlemen who were appointed the other day, who had not hesitated to express their conscientious opinions. At the same time he could not help thinking that there were men in the Legislative Council who were never intended by God to be there. (Laughter.) The Colonial Secretary was a dangerous leader. He was a tyrant and a coward in power. ' Mr. SPEAKER called the hon. member to order. He was not justified in charging any hon. member with being "a tyrant and a coward. Mr. O'CONNOR withdrew the offensive language. At the same time he referred to the scare that the Colonial Secretary had excited some years ago, when he was supported by men who had since apologised for having given that support. The Colonial Secretary was now chasing a phantom as sure as he had ever chased the Kiama ghost. (Laughter.) Take the Colonial Secretary out of this quarrel and nothing remained. It behoved hon. members on both sides of the House to oppose the Colonial Secretary in this attempt to intimidate the Council. Mr. BARTON intimated his intention of opposing the second reading of this bill, and he was prepared to prove that the bill was a lie on the face of it when it called itself a declaratory bill. The Colonial Secretary had quoted from the report of a committee of the House of Commons to show what the Assembly should have done ; but in this bill the contention was that the Upper House should not amend money bills at all but the report showed that where the amendment was in furtherance of the purport of the bill a special entry should be made in the journals of the House of Commons, or the bill should be had aside and again forwarded to the Lords with the amendment contained therein. Then as this was a constitutional practice why was it not adopted in this case. Because the hon. member said it was not a usual course. But if it was an exceptional course to include the amendment, it was equally exceptional not to include it, because the authority for either course-was gained from precisely the some paragraph in the report of the committee in the House of Commons. It was clear rule of interpretation that if there was an ambiguity in any Act, they should look to the preamble and in this case the preamble stated that the powers and functions of the Legis- ative Council should be vested in the Houses to. be appointed or elected under it. Then everything, but the power of origination remained with the two HOOKS, this power being specially confined to the Assembly by the. Constitutional Act. He did not mean to say it would be a wise power for the Upper House to exercise, but they were. not now considering an amendment to the Constitution Act, but a bill which declared that to be the intention of the Legislature which he did not for one moment believe was. its intention, and hence he could not support such a measure. To say that the Act meant what it did not express was to make not to interpret law. He quoted from Wallace, p. 586, to show that this could not therefore be regarded as a declaratory bill He quoted from several works to show that the Colonial! Secretary had run in the face of the opinions of the most' able exponents of parliamentary statutes, and contended; that that hon. gentleman had endeavoured to place them in a false position by asking them to agree to a bill which. was not what it purported to be. And they were told that if they did not do so they would be following the action' of those people who had aided with King John and King, Charles I., and who had always been found against the side of public liberty. Such a charge had never been made before, and the man who made it again ought to be scouted. It was such an insult as had never been thrown out before. The gentlemen who were against the Colonial Secretary in this matter were quite as ready as the non. gentleman to defend the liberties of the people. t we were to rely upon precedent, the precedent ought to be fully quoted, which it had not been. We were told by the hon. member that the principle of taxation and representation should go hand in hand, but the ground upon which the assertion of that principle had been made was that the power of taxation should remain in the hands of the Commons. There was, however, no analogy between the case of the House of Lords and that of the Legislative Council here, because we had no Lords here, ; we were all Commons. Even if this bill passed this House, it would be rejected in the other House. The common sense of the community out of doors was against the measure, and with the hon. gentlemen who had carried the amendment in the Stamp Duties Bill. Mr. M'ELHONE said he was sorry the bill had been introduced, because, if it were passed, the Upper House would treat it with the contempt it deserved, and kick it under the table. He did not think the Colonial Secretary would have the large majority at his back on this bill that he had had on the Land Bill. He did not see that the Legislative Council had in any way interfered with the rights and privileges of this Assembly. Captain ONSLOW had not listened to the debate, because he had heard the same arguments over and over again every session. He thought they had heard enough of this nonsense. All the Ministers combined could not make the people believe that the Legislative Council wanted to tyrannise over them. He was tired of these continual tinkering with the Constitution. Mr. MACINTOSH thought it was quite time that this; matter was brought to an end. He did not care for the bill before them, but he should vote for it, for they could not afford to have a change of Government just now. He had not read the bill, and did not care to read it, for he knew it would never pass into law and he hoped the Upper House would throw it out. The question was put, that the bill be read the second. , time, which was carried on the following division :- -''is AYES. 23. ?..' V .>¿ Parkes Lackey Brown, H. H. Brown, 8. C. Smith, R. B. Heffer Lynch Murphy Eckford Watson Fitzpatrick Taylor Bowman Jacob Johnstone Beyers Onslow Palm For: Messrs Messrs. Pilcher, Hoses, Day, Baker Davies, J. Buchanan Teece Greenwood Combes A Garrett ,'.; Dangar ;, }.. Suttor Hoskins NCES, 19. Farnell Browne M.C. Copeland Hurley, H. O'Connor Greville Cameron Renwick Shepherd ' Thompson Burns Webb Macintosh Clarke, imp M'Culloca Bowker M'Elhone] Terry, Gray, Lucas, Rossby. Agslattt e, Leary. The House then went into committee pro forma, and progress was reported. Sir H. PARKES stated that, a bill with a similar object having been introduced into the Legislative Council, be intended, in deference to the Council, to postpone the further consideration of this bill until the Council's bill had been' dealt with. (Hear, hear.) , ' MESSAGE. A message was received from the Legislative Council; intimating that Duncan's Superannuation Bill had been agreed to, without amendment. The House adjourned at 11.50 p.r. till next day. It was erroneously stated, in our report yesterday of the proceedings in committee of the Legislative Council, that Sir Alfred Stephen's motion to amend the 28th clause of the Public Instruction Bill by omitting the last sentence (as to the surrender of the certificate by trustees of Denominational schools was negatived. This was not the case, as the amendment was carried by a large majority. The clause proposed to give to trustees of Denominational Schools, without control or check of any kind, the power of abandoning their trust, and to the Government the power thereupon of converting the surrendered schools into Public schools. These provisions are, by the amendment, omitted from the bill. 