A RACE OF SLAVES. (A GOBLIN TALE FOE THE NEW YEAB.) MB McLucky, as all his friends are willing to testify, is an ordinary, matter- of-fact gentleman, as little given to romancing as to tight-rope dancing. Moreover, Mr. McLucky was addicted to sobriety, and would, presumably, be the last person in the world to people his surrounding atmosphere with non- existent creatures of fancy. If any person declared his belief in ghosts or spirits in McLucky's hearing, that matter-of-fact man would cast upon the spiritist speaker a glance of pity or contempt, and say— " Certificate of two medical men wanted "—or else, " Give him a bottle of sodawater!"' It was surprising, therefore, that one day during the holidays, Mr. McLucky, sitting in his own arm-chair, should look up from the paper he had been reading, and behold, standing in the doorway, a real veritable spirit. There was no mistake about its uneartliliness, for though you couldn't make out the manner of its production, the thing itself was very easily seen through. This semi- transparent spirit was a little fellow like the gnomes that are found in fairy tale books—a comical little chap wiih a very large head, a pointed cap, a spiked nose, and a mouth that seemed to go all round his face and work on his ears for hinges. Surprising as it was that McLucky should have such a visitor, it was more surprising to Mac that the visit caused him no surprise. His hair did not stand on end, his knees remained unknocked, his .blood wouldn't chill, and liis hair, despite the fact that election time was near, refused point blank to stand. McLucky almost felt as if this was a pre-arranged appointment, and that he had been expecting the little gnome all the day. " Nice weather for the holidays, Mac," said the unearthly one in a cheerful and decidedly earthly tone of voice. " Yes," replied Mac, in as calm a manner as he would use towards any of his ordinary acquaintances. " If New Year's Day be only fine, we shan't have had any reason to complain." " Well," said the visitor, " We have no time to spare. We had better be moving at once if you have no objection." " All right," said McLucky, as he rose from his chair and passed out into the street, the little Gnome following by his side. They moved along the street for a little distance, and presently the Gnome paused before a house. " Let us go in here first," said the Gnome, taking McLucky by the hand. The door of the house was closed, but the Unearthly and the Earthly one seemed to pass through it as easily as if the stout wood had been but unresisting air. The room into which they glided contained two beings, a very young child and its little nursegirl. The latter was asleep, and the babe was drawing milk and bubbles from a bottle through an indiaxubber tube. " This child is surely too young to be brought up upon tbe bottle," said McLucky. " 3t will be very unhealthy if it lives at all. Has it no mother ?" "It has," replied the Gnome," but she is one of a race of slaves who obey the Giant of To-Day. The child may starve and die, or as you say, may live and grow in sickliness and disease, but the mother most obey the instincts of her race, and serve out the sentence imposed upon her by that Monster, whose yoke she seems powerless to shake off. Come, let us see her bearing her burden." They glided through the walls, and along the street, stopping before a Targe mansion, whose open door vomited forth a huge blaze of light. McLucky, following the Gnome, passed through the spacious hall, and into the ball-room where the guests were engaged dancing. The Jadies had their arms and shoulders bare, and their waists pinched into one half the natural circumference. Their faces and arms were covered with a deleterious powder that choked up the pores and injured the surface of the skin. Yet they danced and perspired, and smiled, although their tight stays impeded any healthful exercise, as much as the powder hindered healthful perspiration, or the griumess of their incessant labour rendered miith a wretched mockery. " The mother of the child you saw," said the Gnome, " is one of the dancers. Terrible work all these people go through hour after hour." " But I suppose they get well paid for it?" enquired Mac. "Not at all. They pay for the privilege of doing this labour ; and some of them pay precious dearly. Ah, my friend, it's bad enough to be a slave, and work for an unfeeling giant, but it's worse still to have to pay him tribute of both health and wealth in addition. Let us move on." The Gnome led the way for McLucky, who, strange to say, took everything as a matter of course, and felt no more concern about the appearance of his queer companion than if the Gnome had been as commonplace- looking an individual as a member of Parliament, They came upon a crowd of human beings struggling to get into a railway carnage. These beings pushed, and pulled, and jostled, and fought their way into little stuffy carriages. Packed as closely as sardines in a box, they fumed, and perspired, and stewed slowly away for an hour until they reached the seaside. They looked vacantly at the water, and drank brandy-and-ditto. They ate as much as they could of the most indigestible food for dinner, had more spirits and water, and fighting,and, struggling into the sardineboxes as before, they simmered into town again. "What fearfully exhausting labour those people go through," said McLucky; " and how terribly it must tell on their constitutions. Now what do they get paid per hour for such a hard day's work ?" "Paid !" laughed the Gnome, with a little demoniacal chuckle "Paid! Nothing, of course. They too are slaves of the Giant of To-day—the hard task-master who only pays in aches and pains, diseases and death." The Gnome and Mr. McLucky, still going with the crowd, surged into a vast theatre, unhealthily smelling and badly ventilated— where the gas was the only thing that consumed fresh air. Hour after hour the crowd of human beings sat looking at the stage, and bathed in a Turkish bath of perspiration, striving to smile at jokes that were old before Queen Anne died, and making-believe to be amused. When the performance was over the heated and perspiring crowd came out into the open-air, and caught cold. Then they went home and ate hearty and indigestible suppers, and drank largely of intoxicating liquors, saying as they did so, " Well, it only comes once a year, you know." After this, these hard-working human beings went to their beds, and tossed about in restless nightmare and unrefreshing slumber, and woke in the morning with dull heavy eyes and aching heads; and vowed that they would be slaves no more. • And when the next opportunity occured they accepted their yoke of serfdom as slavishly as before. " This is a terrible state of affairs," said McLucky. " I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it. What is the name of this Giant of To-Day, this Terrible Oligarch, that has made this people a nation of slaves ?"' " He is called Enjoyment by his slaves," said the Gnome. " But his father was named Custom, and his mother Discomfort. Every Christmas and New Year's time this Monster of Civilization " "Whatever is the matter with the man sleeping and snorting there," said Mrs. McLucky, as she shook her husband. '' This comes of eating too much of Christmas good things. Now Mac, we are going down to Brighton to-morrow, and to the pantomime in the evening, and after the pantomime we're aU^jjjjgJiown to mother's to dauce the old year out and the " Don't you think, my there are more healthful ways of enjoying ^ l'^, ^ "Bother 1" said Mrs. Mac/ r"Xhristmas onlyKJomes once a year, and why shouldn't we enjoy pur neighbours ? When at Rome do as Itom^®a£s." /J [ "True," thought M c s t r u c k me while I was going round with It might be very awkward after all to be afreemstr^ia^c^untry where all the rest were slaves. I wonder what the slaves would do with him ?" Put him in a lunatic asylum probably. 