Sketcher. WELSH FOLK-LORE. COLLECTING folk-lore is a delicate task. Most people are shy of talking about what they are a little ashamed of believing. Emile Sonvestre in his delightful books about Brittany,' and tho Mara/ii? of Ville-. , indefai igablp collector' of Breton .balladsiibpth'tcstifiy to the difllculty/of getting at the,old tolea; You are almost^ thinlc you come tut a collector- anji meap printing. To jiot. their ; tongues going you must be really sympatbetip, and they must feel that you are. This if needful oven 'ih.:-'Xtelan'd,'^whero.^'a.''.uoTo:' : !mi^4'^race > ,' of tenor brought in contact with stranger;", is readier at talking. In Ireland }t is about rpUglbuis legends tbat people are most reti*' peht,vtill they: know you, and feel they can truat you. Go to Lough Derg, the (jlootny, little lake in an unutterably droary swamp in Donegal, irliore ia St. Patrick's purga tory, 8p famous in the middle, and, unless you bring credentials of somo kind, you -wUI learn.on tho spot less' than you, can read in a guide-book. / But tho shyer Welshman will, ten to one, decline to talk about legends oJ any kind ?until you have found Bomolway of opening: his .heSrti , This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi- ence in the West Highlands and islands, where he collected those tales that every folk-lore etudent ought to read.' 'He found' the language a wonderful.help.. The man 'wbo ?would /bo ehort/and gruff with a Southron will jchange.'ae if: by magic, his whole.face and manner when his greeting, "It's a flue litha briasjh" (the d have Gaelic?"; ho exclaims. "You will take my excuse by your 'leave, but what part of the Gaeldpm are you from P" And then follows a pleasant talk, and any story that tho man has is readily told. But j sometimes Mr. Campbell found oven his Gaelio insufficient. . One old dame of over seventy, known to be sole possessor of several.Btpries, when ho uaed to try-to bring the conversation round; that' wayj woulh turn him asido with: ?-" Hueh,'iuy dear, the ursgeal (talc) is fall;noncorise. God bless you I I,knew your grandmotherj and her cou?tn used to look jnst as you do how;", and so it took a wetk'e coaxing to get all her ursgcal out of the old woman. : . All honour, then; to Mr..-Wirt Sykea, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as wo suppose the Ameri cans to be) folt eyinpathy, and convinced others that ho. felt it. He had a grand field in Wales. Amonp ruch. romontio Bcener'y old- world beliefs ms sure to linger longest, but, as ho says, you might liyo for years in Wales, end yet never learn, any thing about the folk-lore unless you go ntnonget tho people, as ho trok care to do, and chow them that you really think and feel, with them, instead of letting them fancy you cotae' as a collector, f;: , / .???? Mr. Sikea/has thoroughly wbried South Wales, and Monmouthshire whioh is more Welsh than Wales itself; 'and he has worked, so to speak, sympathetically; for in many of the Welsh beliefs' he finds a ourious parallel:to the epiritualism'which is eotampant in his Americonjhome. One ie startled to find that;among the matter of-fact Yankees, ',',in Cambridge, under the cloasic ehadow of Harvard College," ia a house ao badly hauhtejl that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was aotually worried out of it. : ? Bat ol (jhoet-Btorioe there ifl'losa need to speak, as they, ore: the common property of the human raoa. There is nothing dis tinctly Welsh In a grand lady in high-beelod Bhoee with a long train of the fineet silk stalking throngh the hones, and Betting oil the doge barbing, ns Lady Stradling ie eald to do at St. Donat's Cattle, by the Nnah Point, whenever any mleoh'iof is about to befall the. family. Nor: is tho following woll-arithentioatod tale abont a eoion of a noble house peoaliar to the principality :— " Thomas Oadogan had largo estates, bat ho was not satisfied, nnd was once tempted to shift bis neighbour's kud.nwk, the neigh boar being a poor widow who owriod a small freehold. So after Mb death Oadogan had to walk this earth, tilt at last ho made bold to oonfront a woman, who happened, very late one evening, to be orossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the momont both her grammar and the fast that Oadogan was dead, oriod: ?Mγ. Oadogan, what does yon hero this time o' night f was obliged to oomo,* meekly replied the ghost; nnd then ho inotrnoted her to tell so-and-so to put baok tho stones in, order that he might have reat." There is an ethloal and utilitarian tone about thia whioh Iβ sadly wanting in the fol lowing legend of the Biver Bbeidol, near that well-known tourist's haunt,, Mnohynlloth. Oatrin and David Qivyn wore just married (1705), and lived in a shopbord'a hut, o! whibb. many oan still point ont tho ruins. 000 day, oomtng book from market with a party of neighbours, she parted from thorn about two miles from home an seen again. A fearful storm oamo on, nnd a sorap of her red oloak being found on tho edge of o quaking bog, it was believed she had tumbled iv and been swallowed np. H?r husband wont mad, the oottsge fell to ruin, and to this day " White Catti of the Grovo Orcm " is droadod as a malignant spirit who poshes 'people into tho river or inveigles them into bottomless morasses. Here we liaro a survival of the feeling wbioh tnakea tho Santal, in India, offer n partiog moal to the dead, acoompnnying it with the words: " Now RO away; don't oomo near us any more. We've been very good to yon; now stay away." Neither are tho stories about spectral animals distinctly Wolsh, though they arc extremely numerous amonget our Cambrian follow subjects. Tho dog—man's friend— bo invaluable to tho shepherd, is naturally credited with a life beyond the grave. ?" It ia hard to look into that dog's eyes," said a "Welshman to Mr. Sikee," and bblievo that he has not a bit of a soul to bo saved." The ghostly dog, however, is usually tho revorre of beneficent. Ono of tHe most Sereistent of Welsh legends is that of " the log ot Dorkneee," with/his huge flory eyes, ?which is told in the Mibinogion in almost f tho very words in which TMr. David Brewetciy of Pembrokeshire; a religious man, and free from fear and superstition," described what " befol him on Coet Moor as ho was passing the huge upright stones called ? tho Devil's Nags.'. He was seized and thrown over a hedge. But being , , as wo said, ? far ' from superstition/ he went port day, taking with him a strong fight ing mft?tiff. When he came by ? the Devil's Nags/ he saw a dog moro terrible than tongue can tell.; In vain ho set his dog at it; tbo hugo beast crouched frightened at hi* matter's feet. , : Evon then brave David was not dismayed, but took up a stone to fling at the uncanny creature i but suddenly a oirclo of flro, lighting np the gloom, showed tho white snip down the dog's nose, and his grinning teeth and white tail, alt which eigne marked him out as one of ' tho doge ot hell' (Cwn Annwn). , * " The wild hanUman as a personage," Mr. Sikea tells us, ??" has quite dropped out of modern belief in Wales;" whioh is strange, because besides haunting Windsor forest ho is well known in Cornwall, rome timeo (as near Bodmin) mixed op with ther Arthur legends and the tales about the evil spirit Tregea?lo, sometime*, as near the liisard, identified with an opproseiTO steward of tho Bobartcses. Hehdoreon, jri his "Folklore of tho Northern Border," suggeets that this toyth of the "grand yeneur , may have come from the strange cries, not unlike the yelping of ft pack of hounds, uttered by wildfowl on tiour pai iago northward.' But though tbo domon< hnnt i? WMtlegt the beadka hone Mα death-omen (sometimes drawing a. hearse ori a coaah) ia fonnd in Wales, w it ia in Devonshire and iv Hurafc Wood, near Ton bridge Weils.: ; Horiesi, raorepvei l !, ate held corning .spirits, a belief/whiob.. yon may think duo to their habit o£ shying ia the dark at'anything: white, /pr (it you/are ?philosonhical) ' to" "the horsoV.eye/being:;able to/ reo'lTO' an image which :the; humanfretina foils,' to ??"??:/ i, ? ; \": I :: <:..'.//.,': ? -'V/,v.' ' In Wales phantom hor?emen have bettor irork.to'do then to hant all night with a pack of demon hounds.; Here is an instance recorded /by .-.'the" Bey. /John/ Jones, p? Holy well;, in Hint/ a preacher of' , exhra- ordinary power, renowned! and ; ieepected throughput; Wales. Wβmay,rnehMou,that Welsh apparitions are usually vouched for by pious'men. #Thos the great .authority for Monmont-lx .ie Edmund Jones, also a famoas pwacher, palled thei who in-:1813 .?publiehed'a-l>ppk;pn' the [subject, denouncing air Booptids ac Saddubeen and infldeU.. Iα 'the West Highlanas, on the contrary, the kick, thongh.powerleea against | ? whiaky drinking, has,*Mr.;pampbelllsaye, sadly.destroyed peoples'.a interest in the' old legends." Edmund 'Jones even/found' authority from the twelfth ohaptor of St. Matthew, : Jforty-third Verse, for ' fairies.! ?f'JTbefairy-riDgjarein'dryplaces,.and the .Scripture eaith that the walk of evil spirits in in.dry>plaibea.V ::But "return :to John; Jones; of HolyweH. Aβ this pious man,: after..-; preaching: 'at ? Bala; was;. lidlng to MaohjnUeth, ho 'wa? aware '.that ;he'.iwae' , . being dogged by a jnnrderpus4o6kirig man carrying a eloVle. He-remembered to; have noticed ?.?: this .man at.an inn whore he had pulled Out his watch and shown his puree. ?'.'The man tneana to rob, perhaps murder me, , ' thought'he/ as he' marked him skulking under the-hedge. ?Hβ could not take acrpes country, for the road was sunk ?behind high banks; Should he turn b?ok 1 " In despair, rather tb&tt; in a spirit: of ? humble trust and confidence," he cays; " I bowed 'my head, and was silently praying, when my horse, growing impatient, started off. I olutalied at the reius, but instantly let them fall upon his neck j fpr> lo 1 at my sido I biheld a dark-olad horeoman on a white steed., -I :ntonce spoke to him, but ho made no answer, gasiug intently at a gito come distance ahead. I looked, and saw the reaper dart out iron his hiding place, sheathe his siokle, and hurry away over a field, i I again acooated ray oom panion both in Welsh and English, but he waa epeechteasr, save that I thought: he said ? Amen' to a pious remark. Suddenly ho was gone, but whither? for ho could not have leapt the banks, and I am euro he did not pas* through the gate." .Clearly the mysterious horaeman was cent by Providence to savo the preaoher from danger. ' '.?'?? ? ; ''' ? ? - '''' ?'?'''? ' :. As in Chinese Polk-lore, a whole eot of ghost stories turhs on tho restitution of ill gotten goods.' Burled hoards,- too, hinder the peace of those who made .them.; The Ogmore/in Glamorgan, isa favourite river for hoirded money to be thrown into. The ghost hauuta someone till i he or ; sho ie persuaded'to search for the hoard) and then fling it'honestly into tho stream. A mUer'e housekeeper in St. Donati-cwm- was so worried by her master's ghoat, that, to get rid of him, the Methodists resolved to hold a prayer-meeting in the house. While they were in tbp thick of it, she suddenly sprang up crying: "There ho is;..there he IβI" After a dead- silence some , bold person ventured to say : ??"? Aek it what it -wantaP" Sho did so j and, though no one heard'the reply, the woman; instructed ;by the ghost, rushed to the ohimney,'thrust up her arm, and drew down a hag of money..- ."Let mc go, let mc gol" she eorenmed; andj starting out 'at the door, was sebn to * skip, without touching it, over a stile and away to the Ogmore. After an hour"she came back, bedeaggled with wet and bespattered with mud. " IVebeen down to the river," eaid she, " and have thrown the money in/ , and the ghost took his ;hat off, and made a low bow, and vanished. ? Methodism, however, is not the most powerful exorciser. The ohuroh clergy, though their other ministrations may ,be little valued, are still held to be the best at ridding a place oC ghosts, and the exorcism Iβ doubled in efficacy if'it, bo pronounoed in Latin. No Welsh ghost is recorded to have turned the tables on the; oxoroiser, after-the fashion of that Chinese Rhoat who drove out the. Taomist priest, inoonao-pota, joss-sticks, and , all; but eomotimoa a stub born ghost will behest of a elDgle clergyman. A triple- parson power, however, will ;master any. epirit. that ever walked. ~.. ; ?. ? ' ??..-? ... :?-.; ? -. ?..-?-? ?'..-,.. ' As in West Connaught, the. hare in several parts of Wales Jβ either eaored or" uncanny. When there is a witch in the neighbourhood she is sure to go about in the form of a haro. At Llangynog, in Montgomery, the superstition takes a singularly beautiful form. Hero hares are called St. Melangell'e lambs, the story being that Melangell (Monacella), daughter of an Irish king, took a - vow of celibacy and fled from! nor .father's pourt to _ the wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriage. Horo the Prince of Powys, hare-hunting one day, was ostoniehed to-eee tbo game run under the robe-of a Iraautiful virgin who was kneeling' in prayer. The dogs stood howling at a diatinoe, the hunts man's horn , etuok.to his lips. T£e prince gave hera parcel of land to be a sanctuary for all comers. There you can see her bed in tho deft of a rock, and in the church is a rude wooden carving representing many hares scuttling to her for protection. Till lately no one in that parish would kill a hare; and all believed that if, meeting a haro hunted by dogs, you oried,'( God and St. Melangell be with you," it was sure to eeoapo. ? It is interesting to remember that Crosar bays the old Britons thought it an unholy thing to cat the bare; but thon they also abstained from the goose, about eating which none of their modern de scendants have any ecruples. - /More distinctively "Welah. aro tho etorios about the Tylwyth Teg—i.e., "fair folk," as Trish fairies are always dubbed " f$oo& people," a_a the Greeks called the fairies "the gracious ones" (Eumenides), as Sir W. Scott tells us the Highlanders took off their hats to tho gibbet, and called it " the kind gallows," and as Laplanders speak of the bear as "the old gentleman in tho fur coat." Some, instead of seeing fn ?" fair" a depreoatory or ouphomiatio oplthet, tako it literally, and connect the fairies with in vaders from Ireland, " Piots and Soots," small parties of whom were left when the rest'wore driven out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to oend out their ohildren at night, fantastically droasod, for food and exorcise. This theory is seriously put forth by Rev. Peter Boberte, author of Collectanea Cambrica; his alternative theory being that the fairies were those who still adhered to the Druidio faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. No donbt outlaws sometimes tried to invest themeelv?s with supernatural 'attributes; .thus the I'wca (fuok) at ? tho farm of Trmyn, in tho strangety-namod Parish of Mynyddyelwyn, was "yr Atglffydd Hywol , '—i.e., Lord Howel, prosoribed by tho Snglish, and ooncealed by hie tenantry. He hid during the day in a room contrived between two floors, like those in whloh Soman priests were oonoealsd in Elizabeth's time. Some timea ho used to join. in the talk that wont on in the living-room below. For in stkneo, when the eertants were comparing hands, aa to whiteness and ?iso/a gentle voine: said:, "the Pwoa'e hand is the Wrest and smallest." They bravely aiied it to show its hana, and through a chink iv the oeiling a hand was thrnit down, email, fah*, jusd delicately foraea, with a large gold ring on the little flngtr. So, again, a eel of manuOna who? ta tin iWeento watery, were ibis terror bt Merioneth,gwe out tb?l they were hlrisf. deoH in the. wound,; haa fiers tea heir, ana fea on ttolen. aneep. At lent liord'Oirsn Jroop, ana eobnptbTedlhet the rid fairies were fleah (inablpoaby dofeatipg them, ana bang ing a hundred of Wii.prlecrner*. Hβ speica the wqinen, ofl? or whom beggea h?rd lor he* BOh'e life. Owon .iparhod her _ewey_ whereupon she opened her breast ana. ehrlek'ea: "This breast ha* nureea other eons Who will yet wash their hende In thy. bloaai"-Y Not long , nller, the fatty womaas remaining ; eons" -'.waylaid lipid Owen_ at: a certain Rate, called to this: day /LUdwtx Berwij (BKOo'e gate); In Oemmaes parish, alew. Wm; and :woihe4 i,th?ir hands ta hi* blood. : ?'.?' ????"/??'; ?'.' ???: ?''? ' ?????" ?'?'?' ?''?'?:.? '?"?*?' 'v- , .""'"'? Prophel JotjeeVi theory is this: "The fairies are the sonls of heathens and others who Uvea without having heard the means ol graoe, and who, therefore, do not deserve to severe c punishment M tad Chriitians." ?' The reawn why they are ?o numerous ana aotive in Wale* is that, in the ninth eeaturies, the Welsh lp?t the light of trueT Ohrietianiky and: received Popery, instead. This enabled the fsiriea to be boiaer and more intrusive; ana then, in Henry the Fourth's time, the hard laws, whiohhlndered the 'Welsh' from eaueatiog their; children, bronght a total dMkheje on them, and so left them/-.helpless against enoh , beings. These laws were onaoted after 0 wen Glen dwyrh?a failed, foolishly thinking his nation could shake bfl the* Ssxon yoke before it had -repented of its sine." 'v : : , ;/ : /w';;!////'/" .'. :?? \':-i ?.,-:/ i To he tonihtdtd in pur ?xfe??.?:.-?;.'_?. : 