TUE ELECTIONS. ' ' I MESSRS. BOSfSrO AND AVALKER AC RICHMOND. Messrs. BoBistoand Walker, tho two Minis' terial candidates for Richmond, addressed a meeting in the local town-hall'lut nirliti Mr. J. F. 'Laucasbiro (the mayor) took tilt) chair, ond there were about OO'J persan, present. Mr. Bosisto first addressed the meeting, and was received with cheers. Ho remarked that he bad so recently addressed Iho electors on tho questions still beforo tho country that it waB not necessary for linn to apeak at much length. His position to-night, however, wh (lilièrent to the one he had formerly occupied, for he hud now with him a co"ea îue who on tertaincd the Banie views on the ¡neat poli- tical questions of the day as lie did himse'f.i These views ho believ 1 to be for tbo host int.rests of the country. (Criei of "YeV| and " No.") They p'l knew there had be-in a. dissolution ou the question of reform, wb'cW had been d¡scusac<f in t>U its aspects. Mr.] Berry's Uoveinment bad as good a body p" supporters u» ever sat behind a Ministry ¡a1 the Assembly, but on tho varied bi'l_ Mci Berry siilmiitrd bia supporters jibbed, and the consequence was that that Govetiimeti;' went to the wa", tlr. Service had now sub-! mittcd u écheme of reform which the coan». ?! waa called upon either to accept or reject. At| the last election he told the electors that he; preferred Mr. Service's proposn's to any oil Mr. Ber./'s three bi'la. He be"eved the Service bi'l to be as near as it possibly could be in accordance with thepr'nciplcsoE reform hu enunciated at the last seueral election.! Tbero was no doubt of the nncislty for a I reform of tbo Legislative Council. That boHyl as at present comtitatcd waa not in acco'd-' ance with the fceliug of tbo umnL/. The . qualification of electors and members o', the ABsembly had undergone cb^i^cs in arcotd sweo with tho spirit of the times, while $.ho Council had remained Btitionmy. Mr. Sen Ice proposed to Urin? down tho franchise of tho Council from £50 to £10. Ile (Mr. Boiisto) was.in favour of tho ratepayers'ro'I boina: token aa tho basis of the electorate of the, Council. But at present tno country was.,en tirely in the lii<uda o', tho. Coumi'l as'to whether there shoi'ld bo any reform or not, and it waB necessary that tho bill sub mitted ahould be one which would meet w ith the approvol of tbo Upper House. Our j labours niuat be in vaiu untas we could propoao that which tho Council would no; I reject. Therefore ho supported the £101 franchise, bei'ev'wj tbat the Couucil wovid | agree to jt. Sorely it was better to <? ike ha1 f | a loaf than havo no bread. There were ht ? present in Richmond prouer 370 electors for | the Upper House, but unuer Mr. Service's bill I the number wo'"'d be 2,336. (Cheera.) Mr. Sei lice's Bchomo was the most satiatacto./ ' that had yet bren submitted.., The? quaUUcu- i tion of £LC0 rateable property-per annum was j tho loweBt that could possibly be looked j for in a candidate for the Çounc'l. At pieBent the Council could throw out i on appropriation hw if they objected to on'y I one smpll ¡tem. Under the Service scheme that would he impossible, and there would be j no moro deadlocks if this scbotne were adopted. The Council could not eliminate Horns from the estimates under this scheme, except upon tho motion of 2S out of its 42 members. Should the Service bi'l pass, 12 new members of the Council would be elected, and six out of the present 30 would have to undergo election, so that thero would be IS new members, leaving only 21 members of the old House. Tlio e,;uiination of items from the estimates was bo hedged about with difficulties that there was not tho slightest fear of the interests of the country being jeopardised. If the Comic'I did not agree with ¡>n item the Assembly inaiated on there would ho a dissolution, and everyone of tho objecting members would be Bwept away. Taking the Opposition mani- festo aa a whole, it was part and parcel of the Service bill. (Confusion.) This inter laption was led by Mr. VV. S. Thompson, He would put down £10againat that gentleman's £10, to be forfeited to one of the hospitals, if a commitf'o of six men, after investigation, did ' not arrive at the same conclusion. (Chccra.) AVith reference to the labour ques-' tion, the working men must feel that thov bad had only temporary work for a Ion;» timo, while tho country waa well able to find em- ploy ment for eveiy mon in it. Thal employ- ment would be found when the reform ques- tion was aettled. With a proper system of wat er supply in the country 07,000,000 acres of land could bo brought into tbo market. , Ho would advocate the borrow ing'of a minion of money for such a purpose. Then hundreds of men could bo employed in expanding our forest londa.with great resuttB to the revenue. (Oncers.) In conclusion he asked forafr'r hearing for his coJlea_,ao. . (Loud cheering.) Mr. AValkeb was received with tuinultuuus chcerhtg, and a few tVoJns. Ho said that only four months ago he was returned to i Purliamont, though almo3t a total stranger | to the treat body'of the electors. In bis i election spec ches'at the lime he was referiing , to he udvociUd, the Service.scheme of re- form, believing it to bo tho beat that had br';n put before the country. Since hw return ho had dono his best for his consii tueuta, whether oopouentaorsuppotier» In | this mutter of retorm, na often liapponed ia private;"quarrels,, tho piiruary; caucel of dis- par íiütnlJiudb:enloatBÍghtof. Theoria¡i>"\ I c||uae'oí dispute waa th'o'occurrence of ue? 1- ' locks. Tho duty of the country now was f i i adopt the best scheme obtainable that co»'d , be cani: i iiitu Law. To adopt a scheme that ' could not be coriied would only result in more ' disastrous delaya. There waa eveiy reason ' to be'!eve that tho Service bill would not bo ' rejected by the Counci' If it wa9 neccssai/ . in the future to further liberalise the consti- , tution of the Council, it would be ,a compara- ? tivoly easy matter tD do it. Tho groat object tp secure now waa the prevention ,0t dead- locks and tho securing of linulity in general legialation. The objection to the Berty bi'l waa that it would havo abolished the Legis- lativo Counc'l und destroyed our bicamen1' ayst jin. The Opposition manifesto,which liad recently been issued, offered no cure for deadlocks, nor did it provide for finelity ;n general legislation, it would moke the Upper IIouso more popular and moro strong to resist in caBO of a deadlock. On the nillir of the 'ast sitting of the dead Parliament X! . Ben/ asked if both Houses wero retmned hy the same electorate, why should we have two Houses? That showed his view of the sub- ject clearly. (Cheera.) The creator part of the manifesto was stolen from the Sei.iie scheme. The one proposition of the Sen loe buj to make the Council amenable to public opinion was alono sufficient to care the exist- ing Btato of thini«. The part of the Service bill to which so much objec- tion was taken was tho elimination clause. It- must be remembered, how- ever, that in return for tho right of elimi- nating items tho power of rejecting on appropriation bill was altogether taken from the Council, iho Council lost the power of rejecting appropriation bills, but gained the power oi altering them. Somo people seemed to imagino that the elimination c'auso was. put in with some sinister motive, but the fact was, that was Iho clauso which provided for tho euro of deadlocks. The Opposition refused to accept any compromiso on. the point, and the clauso remained. If any othor moro satisfactoiy means of curing deadlocks could bo ahowa ho would Biipport'ir. (Cheers pud interruption.) A great deal had been Baid about tho powor of tho pardu be- longing to tho Assembly. Ho took the power of the purso to bo the power of initia- tion in money mattera, pud that had been preserved to tho Assembly, (ll^ar, hear.) If moderation could bo usaurcd on tho part of tho Aaceinbly, he admitted there would be no necessity for refoini, but hiato./ proved that tho moderation of tlio Assembly coi'Id not bo relied on. Uiit'l this refoini question waa settled commerci.'l p-»\ilyaia muât La the rest'lt, ond tho workmen and the trades mint suffer severely. As when last beforo tlio electora, he was n dcturni'ned opi onont of payment of members, or, as it was co": 1 in thelloiiEO, reimbursement of expense!. IIo,v cou'd it bo that when thero was no comparison between tho expenses of to\wi rind couatiy members ? However, he did not obj :t to Bomo reimbursement to country member?, l'or his own part, if payment of mombo« were voted he would not tr>ko a peony of tlio liioney. (Oh: _rs.) Ile had been to tho under treasurer tbatrfteinoon and had asroita'ncd that, colliding the Railway ond EJue ition departments, which naturally increased in pk pensó eve./ day, tho se'aries paid by the Go vei.imciils werenow£l0,C00a yrar moro thnn beforo Ulack Wednesday, ond thero were 210 more mon in the public sónico th^n before Black Wcrlneadoy. And yet Mr. C.wy bpM tbo object of Black Wci'-icsday was xctrenchment. Ho had boen told that tbcro were 70 men >n tho Landa de parlaient who could '. : dispensed with with- out injury to the public service. He would support the repeal of tho stock tax, which had throw a so many men out of employment. These colonies had a great fiuaro beforo thom, fand he hoped for tho tiiuo when wo should be united in a confederation. Our prosperity depended on ourselves, ¡md ho besought them to adopt measures for the »cr monont settlement of this reform question. In conclusion, ho would say that ha would rather bo a defeated ci"ii'!date with tlio knowledge that ho had properly acted his part thou ho would bo olected with the know- ledge that ho had acted dishonestly. (Loud and long-continued chcerinp.) In answer to questions, tlio candidates ex rpessed themselves as in favour of tho Educa- tion Act, and the separation of Jolimont from the Richmond electorate. Aa elector Raised, if tho çar_d.idatc3 wore* favourabln to au inquiry bein? mile into fie conduct of the police at Glenrowan betöre Hi j; distribution of the reward for the destruction of the Kelly glint;. Roth candidates answered in the affirm vj tive, tin'l Said tliej rc^uded the conduct of the police in firing into a house full of poplè as indefensible in tho absence oí any expl if No résolution was put to tho meeting, winch tnimmatid with hearty cheers for Messrs. Bosisto and Walker. ' . I MR. M. H. DAVIES AT BRUNSWICK. A-mcetiu'/, waa held last ni ;litin tha Town! hail, Rrunsvvick, in connexion with tho olejl tion for tho East Bourke Boroughs. The chair was occunicd by Mr. Collings, m.'yor ot Binnswick, and there were about -100, petsoi'i in attendance. : , I The Cm i.ula ii said the meeting had been cpllcd to hear Mr. Delbridge, who had beer! selected as a candidato for the district in the Ministerial inter.-st, but circumBt 111003 had arisen which had caus;d that gontleuian t_> withdraw his eindidaturo. Ho waa, however, present, and would address the meeting. Mr. Murray Smith had also 'attended, and ho, as, well as Mr. M. H. Davies - now tho Minis teriol cant)'date-would speak to tho meet-' ing. Mr. DELBRIDGE then carno forward, and said that he bad been presacd without any solicitation on his part to become a candidate' for the district, and in the first instance had consented, but unfortunately on Saturday last he found that bia business engagements wero such that ho would not bo ablo, if1 elected, to fulfil tho duties of the position1 and do justice to tho district and nimself. Ile had therefore withdrawn from tho con- test, but intended tu do nil he could to secuvo the election of the gentleman who had been' chosen to represent the Ministerial intorovt. ! If he possibly could have become a caudidatoj I he would very much have liked to do so, I more especially as he Vvas sure he would haye' been elected. Mr. M. H. Davies had' been selected, ho believed, to represent the dis- trict, and ho hoped tho electora would give him their hearty support. (Cheers and ius sent.) . ' . . Mr. T. STRANGER, the chairman of the com- mittee who had been deputed to select a can- didate, explained' that as Mr. Dalbridoo had not bren able, in conBcrmencè oí partnership engagement«, to contest tho district, Mr. M. H. Davies, who waa the peraon noxt in order of selection to Mr. Dethridge, had been chosen by the commith j to contest the seat, iftlc ;r, bear.) - , .-._,-. The Ca.viitst.AV ca'ied upon Mr. Murray Smith to address the meeting, but as severi'1 persons expressed a desire to hear Mr. M. H. Davies' views firsj;, ,it. waa agreed that he Bhould speak at once, and bo followed by Mr. Murray Smith. ^ - ; Mr. M. H. DAVIES then came forward, and was received with cheers., Ile said there never was a'time when it vvas moro necessary fornU tho propio of the'colony to consider .moat carefully and intelligently what should bo done in order ti carry out the legisla- ' lion which was required for the we1 faro oí , the colonj'. While they wero agitating and contending on tho reform question the colonv was suffering, and the Booner that I question was settled tho better it would be for tho eolonyaudeveiyelcctorinit. (Ch:3ra.) He desired to saj he came forward as a strom supporter of the Service Ministry. (Cheers, j He did not ineau to say he accepted the Sor vico bill |in nil its dota'iB, but taken on the whole, mid as a settlement of the question of refoim, it was one that might well bo consi- dered pud passed, as it would do a great deal of good to the colony, and increase its pros- perity mo3t m.ii.uiu"j\ 'fie candidate then drew a sketch of tho useless proceedings of the Berry Mipistiy in the direction of reform, and specially condemned the vacillations and alterations made by them in their proposals. Ile aaid that, notvvithatanding the boasts made by Mr. Berry that he could pass reform, ho conatnntly altered his billa, ll'a iirst went to the Council, and was dropped there ; bis Bccond to the Assembly, and waa dropped there ; and his third to tho people, and was dropped there, for they would have none of it. (Cheers j Mr. Berry had now issued propoaala for'a fourth bill, but he wop Id lind the people would not have it, or approve of the man who juat before the House was dis- solved said the Service bi'l went too low in tho franchise, and yet three days afterwards brought out proposes to extend the franchisa sti'l iurther. As to the Service bill, he con- sidered it was a rational one, which r'l miirht , adopt. (Cheers.) It would work as admirably aa they could, expect f>ny reform .b'\U to , work, mid would bo found to suit ¡"li tho requirements of the colony. (Cheers.) ' Tho electors should bear in mind that under tho bi'l tliero would be a veiy dift'erentLegis lative Council from what thero was now, ni | tho electors would bo increased from 30,000 to about llj.OoJ. It had been said the elimi 1 nation clauses would increase the power of I the Council at the'expenso of tho Legislative 1 Assembly, but that was not tho case, and it | should be. remembered'that leven if a I'ttlo 1 i moie power were given to the Council, by the | bill more'power was trken awaj;-Afrom them, 1 because they would iiotTrirfutme' be ji"owed to reject any Appropriation Pill. "The bi'r I would prevent ' deadlocks and quarrels be- tween tho twoillouses, and.it .was molt ad» visublo to pass it in the tnaterioA interests ot ' the colonj', so that tho reform agitation 1 dhonld be settled 'and'peace and proioerity 1 ensured. (Cncers.) He 'desired to retet to I another point, ann that'wus respecting the management of tho railways.' Ho' was a ' strong, advocate for placing the .railways 1 under the management of ii board or com ' mission, and he believed if they had been so ? mpnngcd in the past there would p1 ready1 1 have1 brien a railway to the East Bourke 1 Boroughs district. . ("How about payment , of members ? ') He was a strongppponeut to, payment of members-(loud cheering)-and would do a'l he could to prevent the system nguiu becoming law. (Continued chcsi'tig.) It was not Ina intention to take a vote that evening, but he would aak them to vote for him at the bollot- Qox. (Applause.) . Mr. MuiiitAY Smith next addressed the meeting, and was received with great eli: :r ing, mingled with a few cries of diaapproba- ' tion. Hesrated that plruost every onosC3incd 1 to consider Bomo reform was neccasaiy, and ' therefore tho question was what direction tho , refoim should lake. The direction should , bo onn by which the will of the people, ¡ expressed deliberately ¡>n.d carefully, anti not hastily, should eventually be carried into law, (Hear, hear.) There had been valions , opinions expwed respecting the Sei vice bill, and he certaiuly wns not disposed to think it went in 11 conservative direction, aa ha be- , lieved jt would reduce the power of the Legis- lative Council. There was no doubt inde°d thnt the bill was a moderate one, and st:cred a middle course. That wa3 the or'y prooer courBC, becauBO thoy could not adopt eitner ¡ extreme libcrpl or extremo conservative i views if they w ¡ched to carry out reform No bi'l could bo made to suit o'l persona, and , thereforo in adopting a reform measure thoy , must do as they would in ordinary life when | they could not obtain nil they desire!-thoy muBt take a'l llioy could get. Ho oou'd not got things altered all his own way in a poli- , tice! sonBé, neither couldsome other persons, and thereforo what was to be dono. (" Go | iusolvent.") Well, if things went on much 1 longer aa thoy ware doing tho colony wop Id ¡ have n chunco of becoming insolvent. ' (Cheers.) Thoy were exposed to c/eat loss by the contests about reform, pud must tiy to settle the question nnd adopt such a scheme as could bo carried out amongst thcmselveB. In most countries of tho world, mid eBpecinUy in Knglish-apeoking countries, tho bicsmorpl ajstein waa preferred, and if thero were to bo two Houaes in tina colony one must possess a nroperty qualification, or the two Houses would be plike, and to pass a bill through thom would bo like asknig 0110 man the same question twice over. Mr. Ser ?v ice had lixed t he qualification for elect jrs of the Council al £10 freeholders and £20 rate payera, a..J .[.: Berry nnd his friends, nftar iic'iiopncing that as too low, had, in ihrco dajs' Cn.c, dcleimiued to go lower, and lind adopted the ratepayers' roM. If Mr. Beny waa ri_. Ut in denouncing Mr. Ser- vice's qualification as too low ho cou'd not ho light V. gning lower sti" ; mid if, as Mr. Eeny said, Mr.'Semite's qualifications wero lud, bceauee they would strengthen the Upper Honso too much, in conae queue j ci tim reduction of tho frcuchiao then Mr. jJvr.y's proposnl was worso st;,l brcant-o it went lower, and wou'd strengthen tho Council moro by adding moro voturs to itB ro'lp. (Uoar, hear.) A question they wou'd have to ask tliemaolvea wa what vvoi'ld they do if, when tho Upaer HoubC was strengthened, thoy came to a uh n',rcement'i On that matter Mr. Service's pud Mr. Sony's proposp's wero entirely dif- ferent. Mr. Ber.y proposed that in case of (liBi>_,r,. invent tho two Houses shou'd havo tho mine powers as tho House of Lords and the House of Commons bad in Engli'i.' Those powers, howover, wero not defined, but if they could bo defined, and, further, if thero could bo Gomo good tribunal obtained which cor'd decido when thero waa a disagreement here which of tho two Houae3 had over atepped ita powers, the proposal of Mr. Berry might be adopted, and the difficulty would be at nn end. Tho difficulty, however,of getting Buch a tribunal hero had rUvays appeared ta ho insuperable, and had driven politicians hack to some other remedy, such as tho doublo dissolution and joint sitting of Mr. Sen ice's bill, or the plebhciie. Ho contended that in the joint sitting there would bo ff more probability of tho 42 membors of tho Council being swamped by tho 8(i members of the Assembly than of the membera of tho Council BïYaaipir.3 tho Assembly, and, theo, said that after all the consideration wlm.li had been given to tho reform question they were driven to adopt one of the three courBOs ihat lind been plated beforo the country 'tiley roust either adopt tho pro. csiil of Mr Berry for tho two Houses to be guided by the practice of tho Houne of I ords and the House of Commons which, as he (Mr Murray Smith) had pointed out could not be adopted or they must idopt tho double diasolulion and joint sittm ! or tho phlihCile The latter he looked on as pri ticnlly dead, but if it wero not it wn an ta__oniBtic to representative goveum eut aid would destroy it (Cheera) llicyshoi'd ho» ever remember that the jjMimiU nu lit bo adopted if aome such proposal as Mi Minite s waa not accepted for there was no doubt the rklnsLitc would be forced on Mr Ben. a at tention by persona behind him if lie only sue eeeded in getting a in ijonty to adina Ina pre sent propoauls If, as Mr Leny had pro pobcd, ho Btreu0tlieiK.d the Upper House by enlarg jg the ooiiautuenciea, and did not "ne tho country a tribuuil to Bettie diflieultiea betw en the two nouées, there would be moro quarrels than ever, and the difliei'lt 3 would be much worse than they were now In very wen nesB of tbo quarrels and sickness of hear, the people might tho people might then fa'1 back on the very worst remedy of all that could possibly be established-the pie'noli JNot only, therefore, did Mr Berry s propoipls offer no means of getting over diflicult oí h tween tlo two Houses, but they left tbo door open for designing p opie who we o behind Mr Berry, pud who bo' oved "1 tbo pklisucc to force it on tho people in tbo future when it wus found no euro bad b mi adopted for settling the quaircls and dead locks that was really what the people behind Mr Beny were aim ng at (Heir, hear) Ile vv as surprised to see t stJ; 1 tbo other day in a ceitani paper thatthejiWíií ciíc was dropped for the present, but tbe electors nualit depend upon it that tho3e who spiu that did not intend it to be dropped alto aether Mr Service had proposed a means of liberalising the Uppei House, and making it more responsible, which the Berry party had m pjt adopted, after doolong tho Sen co proposition too extieme Mr Scu.ce dcenci credit for having started and consistently carried out Ina proposals so for as ho yet could 'Iho double dissolution and the yo nt sitting proposed tbo only known practical remedy for settling disputes between the two Houses, ond a\oidlug deadlocks, which had been presented to tho people of Vic 1 tona 'I he people as he said, must e'ther adopt it or the plebiscite, because those who ' wero behind Mr Berry would force on tho pUhiscilc co Boon as it was found that difficulties ensued between tho two Hous-3 after Mr Berry s present proposals were adopted Iho Service bi" would achieve the reBiilt of carrying into law tho cirefi'"y coiiBidercd views of the country, and for th it reason lie was determined to adopt it. and to backup tbo Government in their enuc-v ours to pnss it by nil the influence ho cop'd com mond (Loud applause ) Mr M ConviicK, 111 a few words, challenged the right of the committ"e to aeUrt a candi date, and assured the audience that ho also should be a candidate The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to Mr Murray Smith for his able addr as and a Bimilar vote to tbo chaînai 1 for pre sid 11 _, _ MR COPPIN AT COLLINGS 00D The fncndB and supporters of Mr Georgo Coppin met last night at the Londonderry Hotel, A\ e'hngton Btreet, Co'hngwood, the object beiní to form a working, committee to secure tho return of the candidato to tho Legislativo Assembly Hiern eting was well attended there bein" upwards of IjO persons present, representing a'l classes The chair was occupied by Mr J Bro viiiug J P , who Btated that the conveners of the mcetin, had not anticipated such a large 1,itliering, as it bad been arranged that the can hdato wotil I address a public meeting ot the Co'lni" voo 1 constituency tomorrow 111 Jit However, as Mr Coppin waa present, that gentleman 111 order not to disaDpoint those present, had a reed to make a lew remarks on the subject which was engrossing public attention at tho present time Iho candidate was on old member of both nouBes of Parliament, and if returned as their representative, ho un doubtedly would commoud the respect of the House Mr Coniv, who was we" received, re marked that he was not ureparcd with a set speech, and would, thereiore, confino bimse" to a few of the lead ug tonics of tho day So far na ho could _ud"o tnero waa but Ktle difference between certain points in Mr Ser- vice b Reform EiU and that introduced by Air Ben j T he former propose d the £10 franchise, while tho latter proposed to ubo the rat payers roll as the basis for elections for the Upper House. He had ascertained that under the present Constitution Act there were only .123 electors in Col' ngwood for the Lcsisia uve Council Mr Serviçe'a bi'l plowdect for 4 017 electors, while Mr Berry's schema under the loila gave 4,29b voters in Col'uig wood ior the Counci' The other molt ob jrctioi vble point 111 Mr Sei nee 8 bi'l to the extreme LiberA p^ity was the elimi- nation clause, which preveitd tacks t j Appropriation B''ls He considered that the proposition was a mo3t reasonably one, as poy objectionable item outside the recalar expenditure of the year could be sent up in a eeparate bi'l The e1 mination cHuso would, he felt assurer1 do away with drad'ocks "i the futuro AVith regard to hnr'ity of le. sla tion, he behev J that tho cla"se waa a moat reasonable one pud should therefore ícceiie the support of oil sections of the Community, aa it would have the effect of bringing both Housen into accord Of comae 16 was thoroughly we'l 1 now z that he was a fr trader, but be did not thirk that m"iufac turers who had been indued to expend camtol Bhorld be injur J. by their mdustri-s being suddenly thrown open to freetrade without being recompensed If returned, he pledged himse'f not to t"' 0 any part in r due rg the present tariff-(cheers' to tho detriment of manufacturera Ha assured them he woi 'd prefer w^'kin" out of the House rather tlnn volO for ph p'tera lion of tbo tanti On "1l questions of the tariff he woi Id tal 0 the advice of their 'at» member (Mr Langrid,e) before r cordin .his vote ne certainly was in favour of reduc |, the present tanti so far as the infroduclio 1 of certain raw materials wero concerned, and ho certainly considered that the t x 011 cattle should be abo' shed, which would thereby furnish work for tinsmiths, tannera, Kc In nnswer to questions, tho candidate st ted that he w e thorou hly opposed to piymont of members-(1 h erb'-and ho pled, J 1 ira pe'f if returned to suppoit Mr facu a Reform Bi", subject to any modifications tbo Premier n ijjt deem advisable At the conclusion of the meeting a large nndirtluentml workinjcommitt-'e iva^foimod to secure the return of tho candidate TOE MINISTERIAL CANDIDATES AT GLLLONGc (iron 0011 own iecroiiTEK) "GEELONG, Mond \t The electors of Geelong assembled in the town lia1! tonight to hear addresses from Messrs Andrews, Hitchcock and Lawes, the Government candidates for thoir suf frog08 Tho building was crowdol, and Mr 1 Connor, the mayor piesided llio cant'1 dates wero all received with ve./ wann I cheering I Mr Andiiiws aaid tho candidates m the Ministcnul interest weio undcrac/ratobli;i I tion to the mayor, not 01 ly tor toiogoing Ina Personal claim for being selected as a candi- date, but for til in« the cn ir on thatocca sion (\pilause) Dunn" the last Parin ment be bad had very little opportunity for el forcing the c'aima of Gecloii", ovv.n; to tbo Government hav n" li ?mi mot on tbo threshold by a factioua opr:>3i titn that threatened their cviatenco by those who refus d to abido by tho ver lic-fc of the In'iot box Ho had however, b .»nable to give effect to the voice of the n">ple uf Geelong on the question of pay meut of mern bers vApplauae ) Ho had ilso with the asaiBtence of tho Government obta tod em ploy mont for 100 fum'Hes m that ton who otherwise wonld havo BuCfeied arom stf-va tion durn 2 the winter (Aoplauae ) Iho firot clurge brou"ht againat tno present Go veinment waa that they had violated the BritishConsttUitvon by delay ti. the mc t i" of Parliament for a fow w oka, hut it had bren shown that thero were lu dist not precedents in the hiato y of tho Lngliah Parliament and that by adoptiii" this c ourso tho Government had hean able to m *t Parliament with measures which woro c'e fu'ly prepared With regard to tho nutation of refoim, the Ministry, acting on the de ^1=1011 of the countiv, foimulated the proposals they made when in Opposition into the shape of a bill, ond looking on tho Government as men who wero actuated by honest motivos, he cast in his lot with them without hesitation (Applause ) Tho dobuto on the hill had con firmed Ina opmionB on the rciorm question There waa a distinct lino of demarcation between the two sides of tho House Tho one side demanded that the Assembly shoold be absoluto in all mattera of ßnanco, nnd, in fact, in eveijtlnng Tho other contended that the Aaaembly should bo undor a proper check, so that the interests of tho taxpayersmightbeconserved (Applause ) Tor 10 y cars tho people had been told by the bo called liberal party that they wero slaves to a IIouso that only represented a class num- bering 30,000, ond now that a subatantiol measure of reform, whereby the clertora for taut House would bo increased, to l¿X,O0o wa s. proposed, the so-called liberals objected! They bud raised a ghost of which they worri now afraid. (ApplauSo.) Tho Opposition having never held out an olivo branch of compromiso, ho was bound to vota for tho hill. (Applauce.) ft was said that tho Gc j vernnieiit got nita office by merna of aeon} bpiracy, but how could that bo in the fico of the fact that Mr. Servies placed bia proposals in black and white, wlr'o Mr. Berry only communicated his orp'ly, pad vuried them in subsequent speeches. Mr, Leny had admitted that Ina former propoiu'a were rejected by the country. (" No.") VVellJ the best proof of that waa that he had novvj abandoned them entirelj'. (Applause.) Mor., over, 10 dnjH before the last elections he argued that tbeie was no great di florene:! be-1 tween his then p.opoi.ila and thole of Mr. Seivice. Why, tuen, did bo now oppoie Mr.1 Senke's propoap'a? It waa tiao Mr. Service bad intrödue-j tho elimination danae, but why did not Mr. Berry move that it should be' removed? The fact waa that Mr. Beny pud his parly did not de3ire to see the vexed question settled. (Hear, hear.) Ilia present propo3 ^ were utterly wild, fid ho knew they could; not be caiiicd. When Mr. Service introduced' his bi'l Mr. Deny said that no liberal could [ consent to the populPHBaUou of the Coim c!l nnlcis the power of tho Houses were| properly defined, jet he himself now pre | nosed to populóme tho Council without' defining any power whatever. Ho wished f> cjH attention to what one of thove so-ca"cd Liberal Governments had done in New Zei-, land. During two years they spent li1 millions sterling, and burdened tho colony, with an enormous debt. This was' pu evil that ho (Mr, Andrews) wautcd tho people of Victoria to avoid. Ho did not wish to see a chance majority in the Assem- bly have the nucoutro"c:l power over £5,000,CCO per annum. The deficit exposed by Mr. Sen ico showed that we had bran, tunning Kew Zealand a very close racp. The i Government bi'l' would furnish the means for the avoidance of deadlocks, nnd for entry. ' ing tho will of the propio into law when it! waa properly expressed. The Coonc'l would ¡ be held responsible if they dared to éliminais an item from (he Estimaos ; and 'f thoy did , so without proper grounds, they might as woH abolish their House. He entere 1 the debate on , the bill prejudiced against the elimination ¡ clause ; but as no amendment was proposed, j ho waa bound to'vole for the measure, and ho would "do, so again. (Applause.) If | honoured With re-election, ho would do. hia | -best to secure the rights pud so promoto tho \ .well-being and happiness of eVety. mtui, . whether he was friend or foo. (Applause). , ¡ Mr. Hitchcock said he had been a,re3i- I dent of Geelong for "0 years, ond that he t had come forward aa a candidate because ho realized that citizenship had its responsi- bilities as vveU as its privileges. (Ap- plause.) In the main ho cordia'Iy sup- posed the propospla of the Service Government. (Applause.) A'though he held that wo had at present a constitution that was the envy of even the people of England, yet there wero grievpnees which ought tobo redressed, and the question of reform should be settled at once ao as to bo no longer a Bource of that agitation which was so p'reju diciol to the interests of tho colony, and the proposed popularisation of the Council would be considered in England as being alono an enormous measure of reform. The Government proposai! were wise, and had tho great advantage of being practicable. The elimination clause waa a most valuablo feature of the bill, Whilst it would give tito Council no power to override tho Assembly, it would be tho menus of referring items iu dispute to the decision of tho taxpayers. Tho double dissolution would bring both nousea uuder the control of the electora. JJo waa not wedded to tho joint sitting, but thought it miglit Le eliminated from the bi'l. He hud been for yeara past a promoter of native industriep, pud he believed in the experiment of profection having a fair trio' To pajment of members ho waa d:;idet"y opposed. (Applause.) He held that there waa ti great need for fimncial refoim by a largo curtailment of expenditure. Ho bad no peraonal object to serve in coming for- ward as a candidate, but was simply actuated by a deairo to benefit Gcslongaud thecountiy generally. (Applause.) Mr. Lawls said the question before tho country was simply whether they wero to have the Service scheme of reform or that proposed by Mr. Berry. (Cues of " Sei ¡ice's" pud " Beriy's," pnd continued interruption.) i He unhesitatingly supported Mr. Service's, j bi'l. It contained two principles, one that ' the electors should have a larger voice in tho . election of the Council, and the other that , there Bhould bo no more deadlocks. The foimer would bring the Council vuder con trol Of the pcoule, pnd tho latter would take , away fromv ino Counc'l tho power to i throw, out'pn appropriation b'U,. The, | ' finnncinl . power of'tho Assembly, wou'd I i not be fpken ' away to any extent, but they ¡ 1 wou'd st"! retain the nower of initiating ' I which-was the \itr-l rignt of the'House of: Commons j N they could, therefore, I'ke the ' Commons, refuse eupplies if the Goj/ernment, | of the day refua-d to redress the giievpnees I oflheprnple. The cause of ourdcar"ocks in ! ¡ the past bad been the AsBcmbly shirking the I responsiW'ty of rPiJS'ng BUpp"es ond tack ' ing, measures of policy ,to appropriation ,b'Us, so- that blame-"might fu'1 on tho shoulders of tho " Counc'l, Tho , latest proposals of Mr. Eeriy were delight ! fully va.s,ue, and they wou'd not nrevont' j deadlocks, but would bring about liovei.a ¡ i ment by deadlocks ; or, as Mr. Bouy put it, ' by administrativo action. Mr. Se., '.ce'a ' scheme would effect o'l that was desir ' j 1 Mr. Berry's would really settle nothing. The i former would be carried, the latter wore un '< attainable. Let them also le ok at the two leaders, and say which they preferred to fol ! low. Mr. Service had proposed but one scheme, nnd had stuck to it like a rr""i, be- cause he honestly believed it to be right. Parliament having reîuaed to accept it, to whom did he next go? Not to the SecretJ»y of State, but to tho people of tho colony. (Great cheering.) On the other hand, there waa Mr. Beny, who had propos- J and throw a aBidc during tho 'ast two pnd a hp'f years four schemeH of refoim (whilst ho bad thon said that ho had nearly come to the oninion that after a'l no refoim waa required), pud who now proposed a fifth Bchemc. (Laughter and apnlnnae.) In viewing the two scbemc3 then, let tlu>m p'so consider which leader they were to follow-the man who did not know his own mind, or the man who did. (Applause.) An Elector asked if tho candidates would support the Catholic clpim. Mr. Anohl'ws said that the question was not at present before tho corntiy, but bia views upon it had not been 'altered sinco hia last election. Mr. Hitchcock said he would stron-;'y ad- vocate religious instruction being given in stato schools under the superintendence of the heads of each denomination. Mr. LAWT.Í, said this question could not ho dealt with until after that ot refoim had been settled, but ho waa aoriously of opinion that some amendment of the Education Act must sooner or Inter be made, with tho view oí providing re"',ioug "ist»action for children, and regard would have to bo had to the fee'ings uud w.ahcs of various denomina tiona. Councillor G. Marun moved, and Mr. JosFi'n SntRiEY seconded : "That thia meeting; ia'of opinion lint Mcsiu. Aridrow», Hitchcock, and Lawt3 r"-o fit and proper perrons to represent tl''9 coiis'ltuency in Pi,r,l itnont, and nl-dgc3 Itsel' to &»vo them tlic.fr most liotrty and cortUal suppoi»." This motion was carried by r>u ovei jmelm ing majority. MESSRS. GILLIES AND FRASER AT ECHUCA (HlOM CUR OWIf COlWESrOND.lN'l.) ECHUCA, Monday. The Hon. Dnncfi Gillies and Mr. Simon Eraser addressed tho el'ctora in the Tom pcrance-lip" thia evening. The hall waa quite fi"ctl, about 8CD persons belüg present, pud before tho doora oponed the Btreit waB crowded. It had been expected tliatat';s turbance would like p'ace, bo four constables were told off to maintain ordei ; but this pre- caution waB quite unncecaanry, as the mat- ing was orderly throughout. Mr. James Mackintosh, mayor of Echuca, occupied tho chair. Mr. Simon Fp vsnn spoke first, pud confine 1 his remarks entirely to tho question of in- form, which he slated was tbo or'y point to be dealt with by the electora. Ho referr. d to the result of tbo laat general elcctiona, md to the defection of membera el oted in tho Ministeiiol intsieBt, whoso pe»iidy bad ren- dered tho present appeal to the eountiy i necessary. Probably but for that rho '. Reform Bill] would be now tho law 1 of the land, or else would bo paas'"g through the Upper House, pnd bo felt euro it would , hnve been passed by that Chamber. His solo wish was to get rid of the reform qu-> tion, so that peace and prosperity might ngnin return to the countiy. Ho was in favour of adopting the ratepayers' roi' as tho basis of the suffrage for the Upper House, as urged by him seven years ago at Heath- cote. . The Assembly had been liberalised bo that men of no properly wero re- presented in just na great a degreo as ' were men of property, and now they wanted an extension of the Upper House suffrage. This waB given by Mr. Seivico'a bill, which provided that every labourer and artisan or selector who owned the moat humble tone mont, would havo a vote. The selectors and others ot the poorer classes would bo given a power by that pill auch nu they hftd. nevo before enjoyed. An increased voting powet of 100,000 wou|d be given, whilst 21 member! would ho elected by selectora alono. Such au Upper House aa this would not da1 o to reject any '(beroi measure passed by the Aaj sembly, ond would bo very different from tliq nominee Upocr House propojed by tho Bony, Adminiatration. He claimed that tho Sen vice pal.y had always proved to be consistent^ wh'lst the previous Government had been for over submitting fresh schemes of leformj pud then withdrawing thom. He be'ioved the Refoim Bill would be passed "ito law "i a few monfhs if the Service Government were returned with a majority. Ho concluded by reiiinrku'g that 1>ih v iowa had nut clinn :cd on pny of the subjects sinco ho was last be.'ore the electorp. 'I he Hon. Duí\c.v>í G11.1.11.S was recsiv.'l with applause. Ho considered that tho title of oledor at tho pre»ent tin e was o"u o' tbo Inchest titles which coi.UI Le given to the people of Victoria, as thoy wero ca"ed upon! 10 record their votej upon 0110 of tho most imnortant subjects which had come under tneir nttentiun for many years.i They were now vest 1 with no amat'i 'esponsibMity, for they v7ero asked to d cido a question which could not bo do-j cided by tho Legislature, and a question which would effect the we'furo and pros-¡ I Ti./ of thia countiy for many years to come. He ui.'.cd upon them to becomo thoroughly1 conversait with the subj-ct, pnd to he" bo.h sides of the qu-ition before voting, aa it was of for greater importance to hear bo^hi pides of a question which was virtually tbo1 fato of a young countiy than it was to hear both Bides of a case in court which only at fcctcdtheiudivlduil, and mthe'attsrcase both sides wore always hoard. Ho referred to tho misapprehensions which frequently existed aa to tho nature of the Reform B'" of M . Servies and the many und vaiious hi'la 1 " Mr. Bony. Ile showed that the constitution of Great Biitain, and of nil British colonie', provided for two branches of the Legisla- ture, so that all classes should be represented. The 'Assembly had been liboro'ised on J brought into harmony with the people, and now they wished to similorly harmonise the Counc'l by exlondmg its number of rvotîrs. He then gave them a completo pud cirefiii analysis' of tho provisions of tho bill, and justified' them, pointing out, as a proof of the efficacy ona favourable nature of the measure, that it had been adopted by the Opposition, with tho omission ot the double dissolution and subsequent joint sitting. Ho Bta':d that ho always tcspected mon; but the members 'of ' the Opposition wore, not frcei men, because' they were , cornered, and, occupied the position of ra!3 that could fight, ond do nothing, e'so. He anvured the most happy results from the liberplisation of the Upper House if earned in'o law, for then the country would virtually jaave twoHouses competing for public favour, and pushing forward with rivp'i/ in favour of good ond practical legislation. Ho ad- mitted that if both Houaea had pi ways bc?n composed of reasonable and patriotic men, no necessity for reform or amendment would have existed ; but they were now faco to face with a dimcr'ty which must bo removed beforo useful le.is'ation could beproc-'led with. Ho ronclud.J. by quoi'ng Mr. Gladstone mid tbo J^oii/i Aw, '? can Jict!*io, to show that tho constitution could not (»he satisfaction unless both Houses worked amicably pud rationally t ogetber. Ev en the British constitution would burst un m a day if subjected to such t:iala as the Victorian constuatiou. Mr. Gillies waa frequently cheered doling Ina speech, which was an exce'lent one, and B.at down amidst applause. A motion waa proposed am.ming that Messrs, Gil'ica and Fraser wero lit and proper persons to represent Rodney. Mr. Coxam moveu as an amendment : "TJit this meeting not bein? In favour of tlio Sort ice Reform Hill citinot tuppal t Mes*». CHU ;3 and ' Fiûfcr." Mr. Money referred to the statsment that Mr. Service was o'leged to have aaid that 5a. a week and a tent waa sufficient for any work'ng man. He said some of the working I men were very much annoyed at this. Mr. Gumes pointed ont that Mr. Service had given this statement a point blank de- , rial, and challenged its proof-a challenge never taken up, thus proving the Btatoment ' to be entirely void of foundation, On being put about 1C3 hands wore hold up I for the amendment, and 500 or GCJ for the ¡ motion, ' MR. LATHAM AT CARLTON. < A meeting of Mr. E. Latham's friends and supporters was held last n'ght at the Carllon-hpll, for the purpose of arranging pre'iminorlea for the election. About 3CJ persons were present, ond Mr. Latham mot with a most enthusiastic reception. Mr. J. Pigdon waa voted to .the chair. . , ? 1 The C^r>i'rtJi.W expressed his pleasure at Bf/^irgso many'present, and sp'd that he had. know a Mr. Latham for rnpny yeara.' He had alvvayp, found hita to be a warm-hearted, , kindly gentleman, ona _ ho -believed he Wopld'be a credit'to the ^district if returned. (Cheers.) ' 1 - ». . 'Mr.-Latham waa received with prolonged cheering. . Ho said that he had not come pre- pared to moke pu election sn-ccli, but as eo nipuy were present he thought ho had bçttjr stato a few of his views briefly. From his business pnd other relations with Carlton," the interests of the electors 'ond his own would be Mwaja identical. He had novor totjglit I'ar'iamentaiy distinction, but hav'ug the good of the community at heart he had consented to come forward at this ciitica! jnncture in the colony's hiBtory. The burn- ing question of tho dnv was, of course, the interminable refoim of the Upper House. Mr. Service's bill was, on tho whole, the most practicable presented to tho counti/, but it contained aotne objectionable clauaes whichhowouldendeavourtoKetalteredincom mittce. Heohjcctad to tho elimination clauso aa at present horned, and would like to bcj the ratepayers' ro'l adopted aa tho ba3ia for tho election of members of tho Council (Cheers.) He regarded tho double dissolution with great favour, because it secured finality, which be conaidered an important point for tho we'l being of tho community. If re- turned he would always conaistently uphold the Education Act entire and undisturbed (Applause ) Being a manufacturer of pro- tected articles, ho was a practical and not a theoretical protectionist. Ho was in favour of having free selection of landa eveiy where, because ho thought that would tond to make the producto of the Kmd a great sourco of re- venue. In reply to questions, Mr. Latham said that fortunately be did not require payment of raembeis, but ho shovld bo willnig to o'low eomo payment to countiy membera-not a fixed sum, but so much a week, according to their attendance to Pprliament.uy duties (Cheers.) Ho felt that tho speedy comple- tion of the Harbour Tiust works was ne-ea sa.y for the improvement of the trade a'lil prosperity of Melbourne ; and be was in favour of making concessions to ocean steameis which remained !n tho port of Mel- bourne, and did not merely moko this a porr of call. Ho world enter Parliament, if elected, on independent member. He did not care twopence for either Mr. Ser,¡co or Mr. Bony, bul if he saw a sound mra ture, pud one which would promote tho prosperity of the colony, ho would suppoit it, no matter from which side it emanated. (Loud cheers.) As a largo em- ployer of labour, ho bad always hean the staunch, unwavering friend of the workirg man, pud on that account, and for other reasons, he would have an almost prohibitive poU-tax put on tho Chineäe. (Renewed chcar 1 ing.) On the motion of Mr. W. H. LcONMtn, tho meeting tlipn rcolved itself into a committca to make tbo neceb-iaiy arrangement* for securing the return of Mr. Latham, who will address the electors of Carlton at greator length later in the week. THE FITZROY ELECTION. Mr. W. M. K. Vale and Mr. A L. Tucker addressed a meeting of the ol.ctors of Fits toy; last evening at the Reclmbito-ha'l, K'ug AV'Uium Bticet. About CÍO peraous were present. Mr. F. AV. T. Evans, the mayor, presided, mid bespoke a fair hearing ¡or the candidates. Mr. TucKtn first addressed tho meeting. He Bind ho did not think ho neod travel over the ¿round which had been gone over beforo, viz, the delay of the Government ino '""g Ppi-'iament together, because thia had bein condemned by both the friends and fe 3a of lhc Government. Ho then dwelt at some length on what ho termed the unjustifiable action of tho Government in delaying tlio meeting of Pailitment, and in going about tho connt.y attending banquets and mpkirg speeches. When ho cuno to the refoim question ho said this was tbo third n¡U dealing with reform introduced by the party of wnioh Mr. Service was the leader. In 1S73 a bi'l was brought foi ward by Mr. Francis and Mr. Kerferd, which differed entirely from the bill of 1880. Their electoral b'U abolished, plural voting, about which nothing wa3 said now. In 1871 another bi'l was brought forward, which made no provision for a dissolution of both nouses. Now thero waa a third bill,' pro- viding for a double dissolution and a joint sitting. In ISM the present constitution woa gianted to this country, and in 1805 and 1SCS, as they p'l knew, there were deadlocks between the two Houses. Ho did not seo'what was pained to the country by these deadlocks. , Tho bare power of rejection he considered a wiso provision, but when it carno to the re- jection of on appropriation bill it was a different matter. It meant throwing society out of gear altogether, a,nd. leaving the public creditor unpaid. The present bill he copí sidered a yery wido departure from tho lines of the British constitution, and it was the duty, therefore, of every hon. member to vote against it. A bait was held out that tho payment of members should pasa if the Re- form Bill wero passed, but this had not tho alight est effect upon bon. members. On tho contrary, tho membera belonging to tbo Liberol party were unanimoua in requesting Mr. Williams to move hie bill out of the way. Ho contended that if the Assembly elioso to put any item in tho Appropriation Bul it had a peifect right to do so. It was based upon the principle that thero should be no t j Ka- tion without representation, and tho As- sembly being the House that rp'scd the money it hail tho exclusive light of spending it. Uo leiteraicd tho lemnrlcs which he made at a meeting held prior ta the disso- lution on the land tVx, and the circutusl.'occi under which the revenue derived from it was reduced so much below thocatimatj. Re- verting to tho liefmm Bi'l he obaerved that he would have no objection to the achenio for a joint dissolution,' provided both Houses were elected by manhood suffrpge, but under the Seivico bi'l the minority would lulo. Ho had dono n'l in his power to induce Mr. Service to abandon the elimination clause and tho joint sitting proviBO. If that had been done he would have been only too glad to support tbo bi'l. He did not beliovo that the joint sitl'ng pud the double diaaolution wou'd have any etl'rct whatever in preventing deadlocks. Ho did not beliovo that anything would prevent dcadlocka except the exerciao of moderation and forbeanmco on the part of either Houao. (Hear, hear.) The elimina- tion c'auae, instead of preventing, would causo on endiosa series of deadlocks. Ho thought that, instead of atfjrapting to| settle the qncation of reform finally, at one bound, Mr. Seivice shou'd have, contented himself in the f"at instjucj with a reduction of the franchise for the Council. The bi'l waa a dangerous inno- vation on the principle of the Eiitish consti- tution that there ahor'd bo no t'xation without reDreaentation. He concluded by exhorting hia bearers to remember that this was probably the.last time they would bo called upon to ¡,'ive a vote upon this question, If tho Government should succeed in snatch .ing a victory on Wcdncsdny wceki as they did, last Febiuaij-, tho Liberal party would pro-, bably never pgaiu havo a chance of regaining. their ascendancy. The count 1/ required reat, ' no . doubt-(hear, hear)-and, peace, but it! must .not bo pnace at ony price. 1 -, Mr. Vai E Boid he felt somewhat gloomy to- night. His feelings were much hurt by the 1 rAurder of the baby Parliament, for he con- tended that the dissolution of Parliament after on existence of only 19 days was an act of political infnnticido. It was a'result of a conspiracy against the rights ond liberties of tho people. It would not have been accom- plished except that tho Service Government , thought that by frightening or cajoling, (Ut- tering or bribing tho people, the pooular cause might be cruahed. lie asserted that the memorandum addressed by Mr. Servico to the Governor, asking for a dissolution, was misleadlngond uni íuthful in several respecta, He reviewed the Senice b"1, and drew par- ticular attention to the proposal that the country should bo divided into 12 provinces, 11 returning three members each, and one nine memberB. The reason why one province, embracing Melbourne and the suburbs, waa to return nine memberB, was that Mr. Servico knew very well that it was safe to return nine Toiy memberB. Ile observed that the propo- sals now put foiward by the Liberal party might be a change from Hie bi'l formerly pro- posed, but it was not true to say that they wero stolen from the Servico scheme. Ho concluded by observing that if they should ever be called upon to fight, they would do their best, whether the enemy wore Russian, Mormon, or Chinese. The conteat they wero now engaged in was one not of peraona but of principles, nnd ho hoped nil would do their duty on the day of election. (Applause.) Mr. Kelly moved, and Mr. B.vtï seconded, a resolution oflirming that Messrs. Tucker and Vple are fit and proper perBons to repre- sent the electorate in Parliament. .The motion was put and carried by about three-fourths of those present holding up their hands for it. A vote of thinks to tbe chah man was car- ' ried with acclamation. ,- , I MR..E. n. CAMERON AT ELTHAM. Our Eltham correspondent writes : Mr, E. H. Cameron, the late member for Eveljn, and who is ogain seeking election, addressed the electors at Eltham on Saturday evening last, and waB enthusiastically re- ceived. ? - Mr. .Cameron spoke for about ian hour, explpming "the provisions of the Goverment Reform Bi'l, removing the misapprehensions that exia'od on this'snbject, pud pointing out its superiority to the scheme proposed by Mr. Berry, when in power. With regard to the last manifesto issued, he admitted; that pot IsórioHy he was in favour of tho adoption of ¡the raferjoyers' ro", but there'l, question'to be considered waa not ^together what they individually preferred, but what-waa "prac- ticable. Ho had no doubt but .that the Service Reform E"l would be accepted by the. coimeras a' fair compromise, pud Kkeivise receive the approvel of the'Home Govern ; meut, whereas ho' feared that1 the result of ¡ asking for too much at oncb would be .that they vv ou Id loao a1!, and thecountiy be kept for I Feme limo yet in turmoil and agitation, to the injuiy of trade, pud tho ruin, csoec'ip"y,, cf the working1 enisse?. He fu"y oeliov. 1 that this measure was'the wisest, best, nnd most '«heral one ever jet devised, ond that it. would prove effectual in preventing anymore deadlocks. He reminded them of Mr. Ber./'a unsettled opinions upon this subject, five different schemes having been introduced by him, each differing from the other, and each in its turn being declared the most perfect of its kind. For Mr. Berry's own sake as a leading politician, he regretted such insta- bility ; for although he had b; en in opr osi tion to him, he liked him persono'ly, aud be- lieved that the serious pud almost fatpl mistpkea he had made were the result, mainly, of his association with violent and unprincipled colleagues. He tiuated that this appeal to tho country would reault in the Service paity being returned vvitli a large ma- jority, so as to enable them to give effect to their views, not only on tho Reform BiH, but on other important and more practical questions, notably the administration of rail waj s. At the close of Iiíb remarks Mr. Cameron waB heartily chrsred, and a vote of confidence unanimously passed. A similar compliment was paid lo the chuiimnn, Mr. Ford, J.P. Our correspondant adds that nfter a careful canvass of this portion of the electorate, there ia eveiy ci-itaimy of Mr. Cameron more tiwi holding his own, a" his old supporters being determined lo rally round him, and the opposition being dinorgpnised and disunited, the general feeling being that the result was a foregone conclusion, it being impossible to reverse the decision arrived at in Februaiy last by bo large a majority. There ia u strong feeling of bj nipathy alBO with Mr. Cameron at bia being put to so much unneceaiai / trouble and expense, and for no other object than to oniioy him. MR. T. WILSON AT CHELTENHAM. Mr. Wilson, the Opposition candidate for Brighton, held his first meeting at the Chel- tenham Mechanics' Institute last evening. There were about 300 persons present. The chair was occupied by Mr. Richards. Mr. W11 son said ho was opposed to the Service Refoim BiH as it at present Btood. Ho was opposed to the double dissolution, the joint sitting of both Houses, fjving the power to the Council to alter money billi, and the pro- posed division of the provinces. Ile waa in lavour of reducing the qun'Tications of mem bere and electors." He would give every resi- dent ratepayer a vote, and those only. He would divide the colony i'jto 12 pro- vinces, and give each three members, six to retire eveiy year, pnd the tenure of cilice to be six years. He was in favour of the pi bil t ¡te. He was in favour of paj mont of members, so far that he would pay them the actual expenses incuircd, with the view of encouraging the representation of counl.y constituencies by local men. He thought half the expense of mninta'P'ng main roada ehould come out of the general revenue, pnd the other should be paid by the loee' bodies. Ile thought tho Chinamen olready in tho countiy should be treated as other men, but wou'd impose a trx on fresh ariivp's. Ho waa in favour of protection to native industiy bo long as it ('id not press unduly 011 the working classes. A vote of confidence was proposed by Mr. C. Brough, seconded by Mr. S. A''en, and carried unanimouBly, aud the proceedings ter- minated. _ MESSRS. LALOR AND REES AT LITTLE RIVER. Messrs. Lalor and Rees met aomo of the electors of Grant at Little River on tho 3rd iiiBt., at 8 o'clock. About 00 wero present, but moro would have been there had not tho meeting been convened quietly, and known of to many only thnt very day. Mr. Preston was voted to the chair, and said that he approved of the members in the past, nnd believed they would do aa well in the future. He promised hia support-(ap- plause)-and called upon Mr. Lalor to address the meeting. Mr. Lalor, after cheering had subsided, said that owing to the dissolution which had jiiBt taken place he pud his colleague had to come before their constituents to seek again licit support, ("And you will get it.") They had douo their best in the po.t, aril his party wore determined to atick ,}_. their colours. (A Voice.-" What are your colours?") AVliatever others had been ho had alvv ii) a been consistent, ani always would be. Mr. Servies ..jj brought forward a biH nnpnr.allelcd in tho civiliped world, tho object of which was to yie the power ot the country iqto tho hands of a few wealthy people. Thoie men who called themselves conservatives did not know what coiiHCcvntism waa. How could tbry know? How muid Mr. Gillies know' nowever, he did not want to abuse peoii"" He (Mr. Lalor) knew tboio men iii their pnv ato capaci ties. They were not what they professed noi what they appeared to be. I]_ and his party were trying to sustain tho Bntish constitution. (Hear, hear.) ("What ubout the pkbhutt ' ') He did not altogether npprove ot the pi lu i ile,but i\ was only tobo uB'd toamcr.d the constitution. (A Voice. "No, no.") The person who said that knew more about it than ho did, whowasoaooE the propoccrs of it. Ho thought ¿ho peonía had a n;ht to a voice in the amend* nimt of tue constitution. Not feeling ve,» well, he vvofld ask Mr, Rees to add teas thu ni co t! ni. Mr. Rfüs rose, and was chçercd. Ha biitily sketched tho circumstances that led up to tho dissolution. Ho referred to tua defeat of Mr. Berry on his last reform mea* sure, denouncing the man who wont over at tho last moment. He said that when Mr. Bony knew the result of tbo last election ho honourably resigned, and the Service Minis../ having been foimed, kept the House illegally two months from meeting. If his patty had, done that the whole or the advene press would have tibbeted them-it waa constantly. Blanden'ng tnem. Mr. Service's bPl waa ip tended to give power to a few wealthy men, or men woo appeared to be wealthy. Al. though Mr. Service had liept payment of members dangling beforo bia party as a re- ward if they would pass his bill, oud had threatened a dissolution, they had remained! hue to the electors, Tho Governor had granted a dissolution. (A Voice.-"Shame to the Governor." Voices.-" No, no.") If tho Governor had acted illegally they could appeal to the Queen. They had endeavoured . to aettlo tho ' matter by arftument,.but the othor party 'would not listen to reason. Ho thought if our present constitution wero properly worked it would require no alteration-(hear, hear)-bat tho Council was obstructive. He feared thero would bo riots and bloodahed. (" No, we ara orderly people.") Ile then appealed to tho electora for a continuance of their support, and waa applauded warmly on sitting dow n. , i Mr. Mathew Baid that Mr. Rees in his speech had treated them to a lot of histor/, hut had not 'explained the point at issue viz., the relative merits of, Mr. Berry's anil Mr. Service's 'proposals for reform.' Ho con- sidered Mr, Berry unfit for a leader, a maa who in two years had made five proposals of, reform. Mr. Berry* reminded him of pirates who carried a-variety of flags on' board their vessel, pud hoisted, the one that suited the ship they wero about to attack-now a British flog, now a'Pernvinn, and bo oni Mr, Ben/ was merely a political cobbler. t Mr. L.»lob objected to the speaker's pro eroding further, sa) ing that if ho wonted to nek questions he might do bo.1 He explained that his party had always maintained that, bo long as they attained tho end in ,view, tho means of attaining it was immaterial, and that end was-that the Assembly should bo supremo in matters of finance. i, Mr. Matiibw,-What will Mr. Beny's nro posol for teform be two months hence?" " Mr. Lalor.-It will always be rughtX Voices.-It will always be right. Oh, Beny must always he right. Mr. Russell moved, and, Mr. Gleesox seconded, "That the meeting promises to support Messrs. Lalor andRee3." Mr. Rus bo'I added, "Arid pay their espouses." To this proposal MeSBrB. Lalor and Rees'strenu- ously objected, and it fell through. Mr. Matuew -proposed tho following amendment: "That tus meeting, promises 'to support ilessrt. I'lor and Kees at thu approaching election oiilyo.i the conc'ltlon that tiley plcch-o themselves. If ekctcJ, {o votelor tho Befdim Dill of Mr. Sel vico." ,The amendment waa seconded by Mr. Watson, and 10 voted in favour of it. Tho number for the motion was about 23, so that the motion was carried. . ' [BY -ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] (raoji oun own oonnESPOKDENW.) MR. MOLESWORTH AT BELFAST, "BELFAST, Mondât. Mr. Hickman 'Moleawortti addressed a crowded meeting of: r'l' classes in the Tem nerance-hall to-nijht. The room was fi"cd jrom stage to door. Xarge numbers were not able to Rain admittance. Captain Mason occupied the chair. - ' Mr. Moieswobth began by statin? that injurious rumours had been spread ubout by Sir John O'shanassy^ friends to the e.Tc ot that be had only been brought foi ward aa a squatters' pgent. U was cowardly on the p,,f. of tho'perBOHB to make 'such insinuations, on ho wna a tialy independent caudidate. He regretted he was not a large 'auded pro- prietor "ke his opponent Sir John O'Shan asBy. Ho then went into the refo.m ques- tion at treat length, and fairly and logically combated Sir John O'Shouassy's armaments. ne soid Mr. Sen ice's reform scheme v. as by far the beBt for the colony, and the best yet put before the countiy, and, morcover,,tho orly one l'kely to pass the Upper Hoine. Ho said Sir John O'Shanassy's statement that the scheme would intensify deadlocks wus absurd. Deadlocks, nccordingtoMr.Serviee's bill, could not take place once in hn,f a centuty, pnd then only when members wiehei to penetrate an outrageous job, Mr, Ser- vice's refoim was the most reasonable and practicable yet submitted to the 'country, pt) would receive his support. He considered the Education Act was only being used by Sir John O'shanassy as a Btalking horse. Ha Epolte warmly about a movement being mado in the electorate to Bet class against class, and which would be injurioua eventuu"y to the Catholic interesta. He was aorry to ace it, and trusted the Catholics in the district; would not bo led away by Buch narrow mindedness. He referred to the present un- satisfactory position of tho countiy, brought about through the gross miamana_;ement and the ¡jross extrav agiince of the Berry party in lavishing so much money in Melbourne on unnecessary works only to gain popularity. He informed the meeting that Sir John O'shanassy went into Parliament last Feb- ruary pledged to drive Mr. Berry out of office, und instead took the first opportunity aft*r the Houso met to onpoao Mr. Serv ¡ce, and before the bill waa brought forward said ho would bend the Ministry back to tho coU Blindes of Opposition, Sir John O'SIi iiussy's opposition to the Service Ministiy was be- cause the piuco of honour had been f,.ven to Mr. Duffy, the son of his old rival. 1 Co cor'd notecebowitwaspoiSibleSir JohnO'blic'iaeay could support the Berry party, whose rcfoi.n pchtnie was not in accordance with fair John O'Sbannsey's views, no spoke strongly [loomat payaient of members as injurious t>> the colony, and the money for bp'mes ot membera could bo tinned to better ndvou- tage. Ho referred to local topics, and pro luibcd the electors to pay special attention to tie some if honoured with election. Mr Molesworth was accorded an cvrclient hearing, not a murmur being heard During on hour and alm'f'e speech hewas fiequently applauded, nnd carried tho whole meetin; with him. He answered a number of quca tioiiB in a candid and batiafactory m "mer. SANDHURST ELECTION. SANDHURST, Momjvï. At tbo adjourned meeting of tho Rîfornt Legue this evening, Mr. Quick's odor to contest Sandhurst in the Opposition int'i "', conditionally on hiB expens-a being p. id, wa* reonsidered, tho etforts of the lt'i,.ie to nducc another candidato to como forward having proved unsuccessful, and it v as re plied that the condition impos'd bv Mr. Quick should bo complied with. Th» Opp" mon candidates for Sandhurst are Messrs. Quick und R. A\ bite. , A general meeting of the Eaglehawk branca of the Liberal Association of Victoria wn-j held this evening, at w Inch there wai a goad attendance. The choico of cindit'itcs.ior Mrndurrng made by tho farmers' unions wus approved of, and it waa resolved to sup- port the same. The duplicity of Mr. II. i>. Williams was disennted upon in very stiong ternis, and after members had expressed their opinions of his action, it was unani- mously resolved that he be expelled from tue association. Severul other mattera bou»'-, b 'n attended to, the meeting closed. MR. D. G AUN SON AT ARARAT. ARARAT, Mo.N'iHY. Mr. D. Gnunson addressed a crowded meet- ing at the Town-hull this evening, ona on coming forward waa received with loud op plauFo. In his opening remarkB he dweic upon the Service Reform BiU at. the la?' general election, and irsisted that it was vir- tually diflerent from the preaent bi'l in tare» respects-that now it was proposed j» give the power of the purse to the Council, t'' pc.mit the two IIoubüb to amend bl'a, onu. (hot the ratepayers' roll waa not now adopten. Referí ing to the charge that he had chan"ett from Reny to Service and backagain, no claimed to be conaistent in the poaition Ho na« taken up, becaueethe reform proposals oi »I» and 1879, opposed by lum, wore now in tho woste p-pcr bucket, w here Mr. Servico'awould fo''ow, while the Opposition reform pror osais now before the country weresubst_ntia''y put forward by bun on the 22ud Juno last At the last cH etion the matter before the countij was- simply Berrj a Reform Bl", against which there was a raajontj, but after Mr Service formed his Government ho mado ianouB addiliona to Ina propoan'a, which ad ditions he (Mr luiunso i) eould not hupi irt Hourgeti thal Mr bervico when out of office f,avo advice ia to semlm ' the question toa relcct committee, whuii, when in ofiice, he refüBcd to follow lind he Bhovv.i modela tion in that reject, he (Mr Gaunson) wou'd have given him lus vote Ho thon binn 1 Mr Service's action for shutting the House for t io months, contending that it waa doue to mi1 o oriangementi fur the penal dissolution thoy must then hine had in eoutempl tion Will r» .¿nee to other matters, ho contendt 1 that Mr SeiuC3 proposed to put up the pastoral lands either to public auction or to tender, a proposition he (Mr Gitunson) vvas bound to BO agamst, na he had promised his consti- tuents to go for selection Ile wou'd no longer oppose p-yment of members, and would bo in favour of a duty on fe 1 nj Groins. If a new Mimsti> came in, Mr erry would doubtless relect collègues acceptable to the countrj, therefore the pro posóla of the Opposition wou'd have to bo clio't With m a moderata spirit of com- promiso, ond any new Administration would profiting by the errors of tho pa"t, be c lefi not to array elaaa intereat3 against one mother, but rcsonably to consider the iliterata of all. On resuming his seat, Mr Gcunson wits loudly ebcared, and tho usu?' v ote of thnnk.a broujht tho procec.Ji'i_s toa close. MR JOS'AU MITCHELL AT DROUIN. DROUIN, Monday Mr Josiah Mitchell, the Ministerial caudi ¿ ite for fejutli Gipps L_nd, addressed a n cetmg of electora at tho Mechanica' Insti- tuto thia evening There waa a fu" attend lince. Mr G Grant occupied the chair und mtioduced the candidate Hobpoké or 1 "n m eulogistic terma, and said he bebeved the present was the final s ti aggie of the refoiaa question Mr. -MiTcuiar,, who was received with cheers, B(ated that ho had b'^n a fanner ginee he waa li jc-rs of age, and therefore appeared before them aa a practical farmer, not unacquainted with science in o'l its bear- ii ga on agriculture He had inspected the country in South Austra'ia, Now South VV aleB, and New Zealand, ond o'so Pfd a tisit to England und the north of France. VA hen the Experimental Farm was in the bands of tho Loard of Agriculture ho rented it from the Government. Ho did not say one word against Mr. Mason, but appeared before the electors from a senso of dutj, having the welfare of the district at heort. He was a supporter of the Govern- ment Reform Bill, because it wou'd put a stop to deadlocks, and becauce it ¿on'erred a \ote for the Upper House on 32,000 selectors, £>nd 25.0C0 miners, and 20,000 of other classes. Ho believed the people would rule both in the Upper and Lower Hotiaes. The Council would check the Assembly, and the people, ?when necessary, could check anil control liotb. He referred to the expenditure on the metropolis, and instanced the 1 xhibltion, and, above al', the cutting down of the Nelson, which monoy v ould have been better expended in a state i ureery in South Gipps L"nd. He vv ..s in favour of the present Education Act, and of I uj ment of members as far as the rembursc ii ent of countrj members during the se3i'on , c1 so the development of agricultural indus- tries by the removal of fiscal, duties Ho advocated tho constiaetion of ro-ds and tramwajfl He was opposed to setting class a ainBt class and labour against cuoitul, bdteiin; th it labour and capital should go hand m band The candidato was greatly applauded It v as tho quietest meeting held m the district rJ he co'iaidato did not wish for a voto of confidence _' THE DUNDAS ELECTION. HAMILTON, Monday Mr, C. M Officer held a veiy successful meeting in the town halt here this cvoning, and was remarkably well receive:!, the place bi 'ng crowded to excess He expressed nim Bilf in favour of the Service Rotorm echóme as a whole, and unsparin"ly dwelt upon Mr. Eeny's uttempts at reform, which he characterised as ludicrous As for his ¡last manifesto it was only an attempt to outbid Mr. Sei wee for the popular voto, but wou'd iiot gain for him the confidence of the electors. If the Service scheme was not <. rued re'orm would be shelved for many j cars, end ho therefore hoped the elctjrs v ould do their duty on tho present occasion. MR GAUNT AT BEAUFORT BEÄÜrORT, Monday «ediW H Gaunt addreaaed a- meeting of fûT el aors in the Golden Aj:e bn'l tb's evening lhere were about 2CD present, and jft'r. Jno VVothorspoon occupied tho chair. '1 be speaker1 w as accorded a verj'patient bear- ii ", and was cheered repeatedly. Mr Gaunt, t.u rising, stated that ¡nappe " ii g as a candidate he waa ao) citin: the highest honour that could be confetred on a cu zen by bia fellows, namely that of boin.: returned as a representative for so important n constituency, ile uIbo referred, to the fact of his fi"mg a not unimportant judicial posi- tion in Bo"arat for halt a ceritury. In refer iino; to the cause why he did not accapt the invitation to oppose Mr Longmore at the luat election, he slated he couíd not end m^er a cause be had so much at heart by spliUiir: the constitutional mterept, while tie o'so felt that Mr. bhaw had superior o' m3 to himself. At the last election tho prominent issue put to the electors o' the colony was reform of the Upper House AH practical legislation in tho last Parin nent had been completely blocked by tina queation Had Mr Berry a (¡rat scheme p-aaed into law it would not have reformed the constitution, but would have nude the Upper House a mere recording Chamber No memb-r m tho Upper House could be found who waa vv " i » to father such a aiekly bantling and tho wretched thing perished nusoraoly The speaker then reviewed the dmbaasv fir lo, from which Mr Berrj returned the bein.» of some good advice, aud a Sadder But uot awiBerman Mr Berrj thou offered asecond scheme, contuiniiif the tv el1 know lOthc' use und the plCbi^itt, und tina failing to pv,a Mr Berij obtained a dissolution 1'hespei ker then fo'lowed the career of Mr Lerry up t) ' the meeting of the last Parli tment The mo isure brought forward by Mr Sort.co wai uno which tb tt tentltman it ni conaia ently. i Ivo catcd, aud would now h ive been on its war through committee but that a few menuets of the Low er House were actuated to oppose it rather from motives of private fee' n . of P' ice and pay than from that spine of patriotism, which should be the guiding atar of eveij Legislature Ho then review-e I tua several cluisea of the Service Reform Bi", and stated that since the diasolutitm the Reny party had jumped the gold pitch struck bj their opp news anti were pre- pared to doit the seh me boforo thej were in possession of tin gionnd as Berrj and Lam) any (no habihtv), with auj nu iiücr of share» provided that Uley tliomsehcä aro the directors, and that ibu board fees no on a ' beni se tie He wou'd accept the rat3 rijers rr" na the b -is of the dun its jrp'ichihc A'l constitution ii f,ovoin nent vas baaed u¡ c n a eouipromi c of give anti t ko Manhood fauffr i e must remain in tho t olouj h J 'j cit- blished as the b^ais of the fm i rinse for the popular llonao of Puliamenr He believed members ol the Upper House. Bhould be ataid, senaible men of m »turo i ro, who have shown auch aptitude in the niangement of their own affaira as m 15 en title their constituents to Cal' Upoit thciu * ith coi lidenee to take then Rraeo j»i th it House, whose peculiar function it ia t> pre- vent the evila wliith m ly ariao from hasty ?"id " u naidcred le;isl ition He advoeitt 1 the double diaäolution, and considered it tho most valuation portion ot theroformpromiaed «"id which alone would »'most prov de i mist deadlocks He waa in favour of the elimination clause '1 ho joint aittiu ' woi'd le more ornament ii tluin useful, but he doubted very much if m tho lives of us it would be necessary to mike uad of its pro- visions He was in favour of paj nour o members in a modified form, restnetc I to countrj members Ho would support tho education act, and advocate the apuoint went of a royal commission w»th a v.ovv of eaiab'-eli'Dg it on a moro cconoiti ca' fe )tin? He would support aaimplo measure to pro- vide for minina on private property. Ue admitted the urgent need of a water aupoly f' it« imposition of a property tax, ana a w''for the revision of the tnrifl m mvourof the agriculturist, miner, u id tho bulk ot the te opie Ho concluded by statin? th it if elected he would do ins utmost to prolnoto tho prosperity of tho colony at large, and advance theinterests and attend to the wants of the constituency Aftor a few uuimportunt questions had been n^wercd satisfactorily, a vote of thnnks ra the chairman closed a, v ery suecesaf al meet- ing _ MR BOLTON AT WANGARATTA WANGARATTA, Mo\day Mr. Bolton addressed a meeting at St, Georges HoU tonight From 250 to 300 israona were present, and the maypr, Mr. Bickerton, occupied tho chair. There was a good deal of noiee towards the end of the proceedings, hut Mr. Bolton, waa listene J ti natientlyrond with occasional appl.au"e. The" Hon. R. D. Reid.M.L.C , was present on tho platform, and addressed tho nicotine suba quciitly to the candidate. I Mr. Bolton excused his absence from the I4I3 Ministerial meeting held here, on'the ground that as ho had objections to tho Sprviei measure it would ccnrcely have Iren etiquette on his pet to present himself be- fore a meeting colled by tho friends of the Government. Ho repudiated the aecuaalion that howas atriiitor, and defended hjiiiBcIf for his rouHÍB>eiioy, inasmuch as ho did not break a single pled ;e ho had made ta tile electors ¡n Februiii..' Ho maintained tllnt the eliuiination clause would biing tbo country into moie troubled nat ora than they bad ever known bofoio, hut ho would have voted for the bl" if Mr. Service lind stopped at the double dissolution He thought Mr. Orr'a proposition that tho whole matter should be left to a specie' committee was the safest. Mr. Bolton was asked severn' ques- tions on other aubjeets, but aa'd they were nc-t now lic'oro the country, and that some persons were now merely making a handle of the education qucatton. Mr. Rnio, who was cp"cd for and cheered, declared his belief that the cowse t.koii by Mp. Bolton ond seven or eight other mern -bora was peuecllv juBtitiablc under tlio C" cumBtancea, ond bad Mr. Sewico show .1 a conciliatory spirit tho bi'¡ would have been pjSBcd hy an ovei .vhelming majority. Ho claimed the Service hi" as being in the ma'n his, but s-id he had changed his ro'nd about tho joint mciting o' the two Houses, oud pib. 'stcd against the elimination cl-ueo. fío one proposed ony r solution on the co'I of the chairman, and Mr. Eolton sa'd he did not attach any importance to resolutions at pu.b''cmc3tinga. I THE OVENS ELECTION. i IvÖDONGA, Monday. Mr. Billson addressed the electors here to nifelit, Counci'i'or 0'Ca"a_iian in the chair. Mr. Billson characterisod Mr. Service's R^foim Cul na being calculated not to im- prove the existing state of'affaira, but to mike matters worse, as the increased number im the Council voting together with 23 members of the Assembly would at a joint sitting swamp the Assembly. AH that waa proposed in Mr. Eeriy'a bill waa to bring the constitution into accord with the usages and cuptomB of the House of Commons. Mr. Bifison wob listened to patiently, and a vote of I confidence was carried. Mr. Ein'DON then addresscdi the electors. H|a remarks wore confined to condemning Mr. Sei.'ice'a b!", which ho stigmatised aa the most insidious attack over made on popu'ar government. The Bpeaker waa afforded a quietTiraring. " Mr. Keiifcbü then Bpoke, ond entered into thb history of the refotm question, showing the necessity of the alterations which were^ ?proposed in the constitution. The principal evils to be overcome were-first, the fact of a snjn'l body of men forming an' absoluto, majority in the Council aB a-Tiinat the' measures passed hy the Assembly; .and,., secondly, the usage, whioh had become too common, of using the Appropriation Billas a means of coercing the Council. Both the30 evils were remedied by the Service Reform Bifi. The speaker went on to explain the prin- ciples of the hi", ond the effect of re- ducing the franchise for the Council, but was ftdquently interrupted by two or thrco per- sona evidently come for the purpose, one of the number persisting in putting ridiculous questions ona interjecting abusivo comments whilp Mr. Kerferd was replying. The ob BtiuctioniatB had frequently to 00 called to orfler by the chairman, but they wound up by inviting cheers for Ben/, which were given. Aljinh louder ohcars, however, were given for Mr. Keifeçd and the Ministiy. THE BARWON ELECTION.' J GEELONG, Monday. A meeting of the electors of Barwon was held at the Prince of AVa'ea Hotel this Bf(orne on. About CO persona were preaent, anjd Mr. G-. Anderson, of Winchelsea, was vof-d to the chair. Mr: LfcViEN stated that a dissolution had been granted with the view of ascertaining the opinion of the counti/ on tho question of the Sen ice Reform Bl". He did not think thb liberal putty would be able to settle the question. He did not think it advisable to p''ow the Assembly full control over the fin'ancîs of the colony, but admitted that somo reform waa necosBaiy to prevent dead- locks, and it was to prevent the counti/ from be;iig further agitated that the opinion of the country was now nakci. Mr. Beriy'a proposal was to take the-rate- payers' roll as the basis of the electora of the Legislative Counci', ond Mr. Service weut aa low as £10. Every elector ond eveiy free- holder rated at £10 and £29 should according to. his hi" have a vote for the Upper House. This was not a blow at manhood Buff rage, but it wob only, right that property-owners Bhbuid have the right to leak after their 011.1 interests. Mr. Levien farther explained tho, provisions of the bi'I, declaring himself in layour of the elimination clause, and the joint Bitting to consider disputed queationa He approved of the double dissolution, which was the most vita' principle in tbo bin, |_ü_ did not altogether approve of tho details. It waa, however, 1 better thou Mr. Berry's scheme. 1,11 reply to questions, Mr. Levien said he wqu'd vote against payment of members, alriiou"h at a tature time ho might voto for pay nient, but not without consu'thig his con- stituents. Ho thought that men should have manhood oud property votes. Mr. Donald Bantock moved a voto of con- fidence in tho candidate. This was seconded bylMr. AV. C. Williams, and carried unani- mously. $Ir. Levien met the electora of Dryadale onSaturduj evening. There wore about 100 persona preaent, Mr Gallop being voted to the chair. The candidato placed bia views' before the electors, advocating the adoption of the Ministerial Reform Bill as tho best for the country. A'tor tho address the candi- date wus cross-questioned, to which ho re- plied that he believed in plum' voting, was opposed to payment of members, but waa in favour of coiintiy members ljoing reim- bursed. He might bo in'favour of lowering the qualification of the Council so os to give a vi iaer choice, but would not approve of the proposal if mado a parly move. A Vote of j confidence in tho caudidnto was^canied, on the mdiioil .of Mr. Bumess, seconded by Mr. Lchtherdale. ' ' TATUfla, Monday. . Sressrs. Fraser and Gillies held a meeting on Saturday nifiht at Tatura. About 150 ele :toiB were present, and the speakers'were accorded a patient hearing, although two or three men miller the iutluenco of liquor endeavoured to create a disturbance. Mr. Gillies spoko in aupnort of the Service Re- form Bi", and onid tnat there waa no doubt that it would yet be paBaed into law. At'tho ' elope of tho ni Hing a largo and influential committee was formed to secure tho late members' return. From present appea'ances it ia probable that they vu" be re-elect:d by u substantial majority. I BALLARAT, Monday. No definite action has been taken to-night as, to minjin., more than 0110 constitutional candidate for Bs"arat West, but it will bo dcqided to-morrow. It íb more than probable thrco wi" bo nominated. Before Mr. Philip Russe" left town on Saturday he Btatcl ha w-s prepared to contest 0110 of tho Grenvi"o state if required.. Nothing further has been dene here to-day in conex'on with that con- stituency. In referenco to tho Ballarat AVeat election, the constitutional pany oflered to let their opponents havoo walk-over for tho election if thoy would withdraw one of their three can dictates oud allow them to nominate oue in hia stead, but this was rejected. At a meeting of Mr. Brophy's friends to night he hod a moBt enthusiastic reception. It" waa decided not to support any other can c'idate but Mr. Brophy. Mr. Robson wil thorefoie retire. I BENALLA., Monday. Mr. Edw.n Brown, the Ministerial candi- dat^ for Delntit?, has published his address, which is univerea'iy approved of, und hia friends think that he will be returned by a'moat a wu'k-over. DUNOLLY, Monday. Messrs. Davies and Langdon addressed the electors in thetown-ho" this ovonin". There was a very largo attendance. Both of the candidates receivod a fair heirlng, and ex- plained the political aituation and their views on the queationa of the day, leavJug but few questions to be asked. Tbo Mayor presided, and declared a voto of tonfidenco in tho can- die atea carried. SALE, Monday. A crowded and enthusiastic meeting greeted Messrs. Allan M'Leou oud Georgo Davis, Min- isterial candidates, at the Victoria-hall this evening, both gentlemonbeing most (!ordia"y rccjeived, although there were many interrup- tions experienced duiinc the proceedings, emanating from a detacament of Liberals wHo had juatprevioualy been in peaceful1 con- clave. . Both candidates pledged themselves to aupport the cardina' priiiciplea of the Ser- vido Reform Bill, as the ablest and'moat prac- | tical Bchome yefaubmitted. The equivocal ' Ipoaition nBBumed by Mr. Berry in-'fiut de' nouncing"the extension of tbo Upper Houce finncliiBO Jo £10 rtttc.iñjera, and thro days ufterwards advocating the ratepayers' ro", n'aa atrongly denounced. At the request of Mr. M'Lcan, no. vote wai taken, he and his colleague prefoiring tho-dcciaive answer of tile ballot Mr. Wm. Little, who was defeat I at the hist elf-lion, stropgly urged tho electora to set asida .all differencea and voto for a return to honest and o »p^ble govern- ment. du the total absence of any eligible loe.al candidate in the Libenil interest, Mr. Gr iliain Berry has consented to run with Mr. M'Keau. The fact ia accepted as an indication of Mr. Berry's uuceruiiuty of re-election for Geelong, mid by many it ia counted as an insult that thp late Premier should hold North Gipns Land in reversion. A meeting of Liberals to- night, however, accep»cd his candidature. BHIGIIT, Mond v.r. tfr. W. L. Zincke addressed tile electora be o tliiB evening, Mr. M'Loan, J.P., in the chu'r. The candidate received un attentive henrinT, and at the termination of bia add'c:3 answered a number of queat'.onB to tho satis- faction of the meeting. A voto of confidence was carried, | SHEPPARTON, Monday. MesBra. Sharpe and Hanna's committee are working Btrenuously to secure their return in the next Parliament. Mr. Sharpe is ¡considered safe against all comers. Mr. Ha", of Benalla, addresses tho Sheppauon electors to-morrow in the court-house, but with the exception of a few Libere'a tbeta is litio notice being taken of his candidature. Or Friday night Mr. Bolton will follow in the sh ro hall. The feeling in his case ia veiy atrlong for and against him, but it j's con siderca that,-so tar as Shepparton is. cou ceincd, be will not poll we'1. I ¡ MURCHISON, Monday. A new candidate is announced for Rodney, Mr. J. Crowie, ,0t Heathcote, who Stands for the Opposition. , , Messrs. Gillies and Fraser have mot with enthusiastic, receptions at' Toolamba a^ad Tatura, and strong, committees have been formed to Becurothéirreturn. Many'Libca'a bete have decided to support our late mem- bers. It ia rumoured that Mr. Spencer is dis- couraged at his poor prospecta of aucccsa, and it is doubtful whether be will go to the pol'. 