[?] WELSH FOLK-LORE. Collecting folk-lore is a delicate task. Most pcoplo are shy of talking about what thoy are a little ashamed of believing. Emile Soiurestro in his delightful books about Brittany, and the Marquis of Ville marquo, mdefatigablo collector of Breton ballads, both testifiy to tbe difficulty of getting at tho old tales. You aro almost suro to freeze people into silence if thoy think you como as a collector and mean printing. To set their tongues going you must be really sympathetic, nnd they inuat feel that you aro. This if needful oven in Ireland, whero a more mixed race, oftener brought in contact with stranger?, is readier at talking. In Ireland it is about religious legends tbat people are most reti cent, till they know you, and feel tbey can trust you. Go to Lough Dorg, tho gloomy little lake in an unutterably dreary swamp in Donegal, where is St. Patrick's purga tory, so famous in tho middlo ago?, and, unless you bring credentials ol some kind, you will learn on tho spot less than you can read in a guide-book. But the shyer Welshman will, ten to one, decline to talk about logonds of any kind until you have found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi ence in tho West Highlands and islands, whero he collected tlioso tales that every folk- loro student ought to read. He found the language a wonderful help. Tho min who would be short and gruff with a Southron will change, as if by magic, his whole face and manner when his ereotine. 'It's a fine day,' is met with, 'Than' latha briash' (tho d-iy is fine). ' You havo Gaelic p' ho exclaims. ' You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of the Gaeldom are you from ?' Aud then follows a pleasant talk, and any story that the man has is readily told. But sometimes Mr.' Campbell found even his Gaelic insufficient. Ono old damo of over seventy, known to be sole possessor of several stories, when he usod to try to bring the conversation round that way, won!) turn him aside with : ' Hush, my dear, tho urs^eal (tale) is' all non;cnso. God bless you! I .knew your grandmother ; nnd her cousin used to look just as you do now;' and eo it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgeal out of tho old woman. All houour, then, to Mr. Wirt Sykes, United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact as wo suppose the Ameri cans to be) felt sympathy, r nd 'convinced others that he felt it. Ho had a grand field in Wales. Among such romantic scenery old-world beliefs are suro to linger longest, but, as ho says, you might live for years in Wnles, and yet never learn any thing about tho folk-lore unless you go amongst tho people, as he t'ok caro to do and show them that you really think and feel with them, instead of letting thom fancy you come as a collector. Mr. Sikes has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire whioh is more Welsh than Wales itself ; and ho has worked, so to speak, sympathetically, for in many of tho Welsh beliefs ho finds a curious parallel- to tho spiritualism which IB so rampant in his Amorican home. Ono is startled to find that among tbo matter of-fact Yankees, 'in- Cambridge, under the classic shadow of Harvard College,' is a house so badly haunted that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 was actually worried but of it. ? . But ol ghoet-BtoiiBs there is less need to speak, as they are the common property of the hnman race. There is nothing dis tinctly Welsh in a grand lady in high-heoled sboeB with a long train ol tbe finest silk stalking through the house, and setting all the dogs barking, as Lady Stradling is said to do at St. Donat's Castle, by the NaBh Point, whenever any misohiuf is about to befall the family. Nor is tho following well-anthontioated tale about a Bcion ol a noble houeo peculiar to tho principality : — ' Thomas Cidogan had large estatca, bnt he was not satisfied, nnd was onoe tompted to shilt his neighbour's land-mark, tbe'neigh bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. So' after his death Cadogan had to walk this earth, till at last he made bold to oonlront a woman, who happened, very late one evening, to bo crossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and the faot that Cadogon waa dead, cried: 'Mr. Cadogan, what does you hero this time o' night ?' 1 1 was obliged to come,' meekly replied the ghost; and then ha instructed her to tell so-and-so to pnt baok tho atones in ordor that he might have rest.' -There is an ethioal and utilitarian tone about this which is sadly wanting in the fol lowing legend of the River Rheidol, near, that well-known touriBt'a haunt, Maohynlleth. Ontrin and David Gsyn wore just married (1705), and lived in a shepherd's but, of whioh many oan still point out tho ruins. Ono day, ooming baok from market with a party ol neighbours, Bhe parted from them abont two miles from home and waB never Been again. A fearful storm oame on, and a sorap ol her red oloak being found oh the edge ol a quaking bog, it was believed she had tumbled in and been, swallowed up. Her husband went mad, tbe oottago fell to ruin, and to this day ' White Cutti of the Grove Oitm ' ia droaded as a malignant spirit who puabes people into tho river or. inveigleB them into bottomless morasses. Here we havo a survival ol the leeling wbioh makes tho Santal, ia India, offer a parting meal to tbo dead, accompanying it with tbe words : 11 Now ro away ; don't come near aa any more. We've been very good to yoa j now Btay away.' Neither aro the stories aboat ppectral animals distinctly WolBh, though thoy aro extremely numerous amongst our Cambrian fellow subjects. The dog — man's friend — so invaluable to the ehopherd,. is naturally oredited with a lifo beyond the grave. ' It is bard to look into that dog's eyos,' Baid a Welshman to Mr. Sikes. ' and believe that ho has not a bit of a soul to he saved.' The ghostly dog, however, is usually the reveree of beneficent. Ono of the most persistent of Welsh legends is that of ' the Dog of Darkness,' with bis hugo fiery eyes, which is told in tho Mabinogion in almost tho very words in which 'Mr. David Brewster, of Pembrokeshire, a religious man, nnd free from fear and superitiiion,' described what ' befel him on Coet Moor as ho was pissing the huge upright stones called ' the Devil's Nags.' He was seized and thrown over a hedge. But being, as we said, 'far from superstition,' he went next day, taking with him a strong fight ing mastiff. When he oamo by 'the Devil's Nags/ he saw a dog more terrible than tooguo can tell. In vain ho set his dog at it; the huge beast crouched frightened at his master's feet. Evon then brave David was not dismayed, but took up a stone to fling at the uncanny creature; but suddenly a circle of fire, lighting up tho gloom, showed tho whito snip down the dog's nose, and hiB grinning teeth aud white tail, all whioh 6igns marked bim out aB ono of ' the dogB of hell' (Cwn Annwn).' ' The wild huntsman as a personage,' Mr, Sikes tells us, ' has quito dropped out of modern belief in Wales;' which is strange, heoause besides haunting Windsor Forest he is well known ia Cornwall, some times (as near Bodmin) mixed up with the Arthur- legends and tho tales about the evil spirit Tregeaglo, sometimes, as near the Lizard, identified with an oppressive steward of the Robarteses. Henderson, in bis 'Folklore of tho Northern Border,' suggests that this myth of the 'grand veneur' may havo come from the strange cries, not unlike tho yelping of a pack of hounds, uttered by wildfowl on thoir pas eago northward. But though the demon hunt is wonting, the headless horse rs a death-omen (sometimos drawing a hoarso or a coaoh) ia found in Wales, as it is in Devonshire and in Hurst Wood, near Tun bridge Wells, Horses, moreover, ore. hold to be specially gifted with tho power of dis cerning spirits, a belief which you may think due to their habit of shying in tho dark at anything white, or (if you, are transcendentally philosophical) to ' tho horse's eye being able to receive an image which tho human retina fails to accept.' In Wales phantom horesmen have better work to do than to hunt all night with a pack of demon hounds. Here is an instance recorded by tho Rev, John Jones, of Holywell, in Flint, a preacher of extra ordinary power, renowned and refpsictad throughout Wales. We may mention that Welsh apparitions are usually vouched for by pious men. Thus tho great authority for Monmouth is Edmund Jones, also a famous preacher, called the Prophet, who in 1813 published a book on tho subject, denouncing all sceptics as Sadducees and infidels. In tho West Highlands, on the contraty, the kirk, though powerless against whisky drinking, has, Mr. Campbell says, sadly destroyed people's interest in the old legends. Edmund Jones even found authority from the twelfth chapter of St. Matthew, forty-third verse, for fairies. ' The fairy- rings are in dry places, and the Scripture saith that tho walk of evil spirits is in dry places.' But to return to John Jones, of Holywell. As this pious man, after preaching at -Bala, was riding to Machynlleth, he 'was aware that he was being dogged by a murderous-looking man carrying a sickle. He remembered to have noticed this man at an inn where ho had pulled out his watch and shown his purse. 'Tho man means to rob, perhaps murder me,' thought he. as he marked him skulking under tho hedge. He could not take across country, for the road was sunk behind high banks. Should he turn back ? 'In despair, rather than in a spirit of humble trust and confidence,' he says, ' I bowed my head, and was Bilently praying, when my horse, growing impatient, started off. I clutched at the reins, but instantly let them fall upon hia neck ; for, lo ! at my side I beheld a dark-clad horseman on a whito steed. I at once spoke to him, but he made no answer, gazing intently at a gate some distance ahead. I looked, and saw the reaper dart out from his hiding place, sheathe his sickle, and hurry away over a field. I again accosted my com panion both in Welsh and English, but he was speechless, save that I thought he . sail ''Amen' to a pious remark. Suddenly he was gone, but whither? for he could not have leapt tho banks, and I am pure he did not pass through tho gato.' Clearly the mysterious horsomau was sent by Providenco to save the preacher from danger. As in Chinese Folk-lore, a whole set of ghost stories turns on tho restitution of ill gotten goods. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who made thom. Tho Ogmore, in Glamorgan, is a favourite rivor for hoirded money to bo thrown into. Tho ghost haunts someone till ho or she is persuaded to search for the hoard, nnd then fling it honestly into the stream. A miser's housekeeper iu St. Donats-owm was so worried by her master's ghost, that, to get rid of him, the Methodists resolved to hold a prayer-meeting iu the houso. While they were in tho thick of it,' she suddenly sprang up crying : ' There he is, there he is 1' After a dead silence some bold person ventured to say : 'Ask it what it wants?' She did so ; and, though no one heard the reply, the woman, instructed by. the ghost, rushed to the chimney, thrust up her arm, and drew down a bag of money. ' Let me go, let me go I' she screamed; and, starting out 'at the door, was seen to skip, without touching it, over a stile and away to the Ogmore. After an hour she came back, bedraggled with wet and bespattered with mud. ' I've been down to tho river,' said she, ' and have thrown tho money in,' and the ghost took his hat off, and made a low bow, and vanished. Methodism, however, is not the most powerful eiorcis-r. The ohureh o'.ergy, though their other ministrations may be little valued, are still held to bo tho best at ridding a place of ghosts, and the exoroism is doubled in efficacy if it bo pronounced in Latin. No Welsh ghost is recorded to havo turned tho tables on tho oxorciser, after the fashion of that Chinese ghost who drove out the Taomist priest, inoense-pots, joss-sticks, and all ; but sometimes a stub born ghost will not obey the behest of a single clergyman. A triple-parson power, however, will master any spirit that ever walked. As in West Connaughfc, the hare in several parts of Wales is either saored or uncanny. When there is a witch in tho neighbourhood she ia sure. to. go about in tho form of a hare. At Llangynog, in Montgomery, the superstition takes a singularly beautiful form. Here hares aro called St. Melancrell's lambs, the story being that Melangell (Monacella), daughter of an Irish king, took a vow of celibacy and fled from her father's court to the wilds of Montgomery to avoid marriage. Here the Prince of Powys, hare-hunting ono day, was astonished to see tho game run under tho robo of a beautiful virgin who was kneeling in prayer. Tho dogs stood howling at a distance, the hunts man's horn stuck to his lips. Tho prince gave her a parcel of land to be a sanctuary for all comers. There you oan see her bed in the cleft of a rock, and in tho church is a rude wooden carving representing many hares scuttling to her for protection. Till lately no ono 'in that parish would kill a hare; and. all believed that if, meeting a hare hunted by dogs, you oried, ' God and St. Melangoll bo with you,' it was sure to escape. It is interesting to remomber that Creaar bays the old Britons thought it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but then they also abstained from tbe gooso, about eating which none of thoir modern de scendants have any scruples. More distinctively Welsh aro the stories about the Tylwyth Teg— i.e., 'fair folk,' as Irish fairies are always clubbed 'g'ool peoplo,' aa tho Greeks called tho fairies 'the gracious ones' (Eumenides), as Sir W. Soott lolls ua tho Highlanders took off their hata to tho gibbet, and called it ' the kind gallows,' and as Laplanders Bpeak of the bear as ' the old gentleman in the fur coat.' Some, instead of s-'eing in ' fair' a deprecatory or enphemistio epithet, take it literally, and connect the fairies with in vaders from Ireland, ' Piots and Soots,' small parties of whom wero left when the rest wore drivoa out. Theso, living in fear of their lives, used to send out their ohildren at night, fantastically dressed, for food and exercise. This theory is seriously put forth by Rev. Peter Robertfl, author of Colloctanea Cambrica ; his alternative theory being that the fairies wero th0E0 who still adhered to the Druidio faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from thoir Christian persecutors. No doubt outlaws sometimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes; thus tho Pwoa (Puck) at tho farm of Trnyn, in tho strangoly-namod Pariah of Mynyddyslwyn, was 'yr Arglwydd Hywel' — i.e., Lord Howel, proBcribed by the English,' and concealed by his tenantry. He hid during the day in a room contrived botweon two floors, like those in which Roman priests were concealed in Elizabeth's time. Some times he used to join in tho talk that went on in tho living-room bolow. For in stance, when the servants were comparing hands, as to whiteness and size, a gentle voice said: 'tho Pwca's hand is tho fairest and smallest.' They bravely asked it to show its hand, and through a chink in tho ceiling a hand was thrust down, small, fair, and delicately formed, with a large gold ring on the little finger. So, again, a set of marauders who, in the sixteenth century, were the terror of Merioneth, gave out that they were fairies. They lived in dens in the. ground, had fiery red hair, and fed on stolen sheep. At last Lord Owen gathered a troop, and soon proved that the red fairies were flesh and blood by defeating them, and hang ing a hundred of his prisoners. He 'spared the women, one of whom begged hard for her son's life. Owen spurned her away whereupon she opened her breast and shrieked : ' This breast has nursed other sons who will yet wash their hands in thy blood.' Not long after, the fairy woman's remaining sons waylaid Lord Owen at a certain gate, called to this day Llidart y Barwn (Baron's gate), in Cemmaes parish, slew him, and washed their hands in his blood. Prophet Jones's theory ia this : ' The fairies ate the souls of heathens and others who lived withoat having heard the means ol graoe, and who, therefore, do not deserve so sevore a punishment as bad Christians.' ' Tho reason why they are so numerous and active in Wales is that, in tho eighth and ninth centuries, tho Welsh lost the light of true Christianity and received Popery instead. This enabled the fairies to be bolder and more intrusive ; and then, in Henry tho Fourth's time, the hard laws which hindered the Welsh from educating their children, brought a total darkness on them, and so left them helpless against such beings. These laws were enacted after Owen Glen dwyr had failed, foolishly thinking his nation could shake off the Saxon yoke before it had repented of its sins.' To be concluded in- our next. 