VICTORIA THEATRE. On Saturday evening Mr. B. Fairclough, the well- known tragedian, appeared at the Victoria Theatro in Shakspere's tragedy, Hamlet, and was accorded such a welcome as must have bceu most gratifying to him, not only for itself, but as an indication ot a successful season. It is many years sinco Mr. Fairclough first faced a Syduey audience, and it may be truly said that since his advent he has greatly improved him self, doubtless bvclose study and earnest application in the art of which he was always an able exponent. The character of " Hamlet " is admittedly ouc that c«mnot be lightly undertaken. It has difficulties that none but educated, experienced, and polished gentle men can hope to surmount. Yet it is frequently at- tempted by actors of but mediocre abilities, whose friends foolishly flatter them into the idea that they are capable of delineating that which the immortal bard undoubtedly designed to be (and which lias proved to be) a study for the most profound metaphysi cian. Mr. Fairclougli's rendering of the character is one which will commend itself to most modern students. Like the late Walter Montgomery, he utterly eschews rant, and depends rather upon a natural representa tion than on old stage traditions. In fact Lis inter pretation of the part may be very juBtly summed up by saying that it is dictated from a purely common- sense point of view. It is not probable tLat princes in the days of Hamlet behaved thomsclvcs like luna tics, any more thau gentlemen of the same station in life do how-a-days. Therefore it is quite compatible with reason that Hamlet should bo represented as a prince suffering deeply from tho mental anguish caused by the death of his father, the miraculous revelation of the cause of that death, andhis mother's unnatural marriage, but withal sustaining that dig nity of demeanour which belongs to his rank and station. On his first appearance on the stage, Mr. Fairclough was greeted with those hearty cheers that arc so characteristic of Australian audiences, who are ever as ready to encourage a new comer as to welcome an old favourite, and it was evident before he bad spoken his first twenty lines that lie was to be a success. There are several points in "Hamlet" which tend to show the ability of the actor. First in order comes the interview with the ghost and the breaking away of the Prince from Lis friends to follow the weird phantom. In this scene Mr. Fairclough played wtth commendable ability. Nothing was -overdone, and at tho same time no points were lost. His rendering of the speech com mencing Angels nnd ministers of grace, defend us 1 was the embodiment of awe-stricken reverence for a visitation from nuother world which, although not vet declared, was in the mind of Hamlet the spirit of his murdered father. And afterwards, when the spirit of his sire had imparted to the Prince the secret of his murder, Hamlet bursts out in impas sioned language: — Oil, nil you host of Heaven or Earth, What else ?— And shall I couple Hell ? Mr, Fairclough was equally happy. In the grand soliloquy in the second act. "Now I am alone. O what a rogue and peasant slave am I," he displayed an amount of elocutionary power that has seldom been equalled, and the same may bo said of his rendi tion of the equally well-known soliloquy on death. Tho closet scene with the Queen was also treated iu an able and scholarly manner, and it maybe truth fully said that bo gave one of the most intelligent and masterly readings of Hauilct that has been seen in Sydney for many years, Thcliypercritical might of course find fault with some of hts interpreta tions of the text, and the occasional excision of lines and short passages might be ob jected to, but taken as a whole tho perform ance was au excellent one, as was proved by that best of all critics, the general public, iusistiug on Mr. Fairclougli's reappearance before the curtaiu after every act. In dealing with tlic other artists who contributed to the success of the piece, place aux tlamt 'a. Misr Myra Keuible, who undertook the role of Ophelia, astonished even her best friends by the charmingly natural and graccfnl manner in which she played her part. In the mad scene she brought tears to the eyes of some of the more suscep tible portion of the audience, and the result was, that although according to the play, she was dead, she had to appear in fiont of the proscenium after the act. Miss Julia Morton, as tbe Queen, acted care fully and well ; and Miss Docy Mainwaring made the most of the small part of the Player Queen. Mr. H. N. Douglas gave a very successful rendering of the character of Laertes, a part which ho lias often played before, and in which he excels. Of Mr, Sterling White's Polonius it may be said that it was one of the best played parts in tho piece. In the scene where he gives such excellent parting advice to his son, he spoke with an amount of paternal affection mingled with patrician dignity, that did high credit to his intelligence as an actor and a Shakspcrian student, and in all other respects his performance was every thing that could be desired. The part of Horatio fell to the lot of Mr. G. Dillon, who was rather weak, and the same fault was noticeable in Mr. Jordan, who played the King. Mr. ,T. L. Hall's interpretation of tho'lst Gravcdiggcr was a capital one, full of humour without buffoonery, and he had an able coadjutor in Mr. J. Tolano. The Ghost was played by Mr. H. II. \ lucent, who dressed the part to perfection aud spoke his lines with diguityand effect. "Hamlet" will he repeated to-night, aud to-morrow evening Mr. Fairclough will appear as " Othello." 