THE OLD SERMON. ; THE solemn trash ;of midnight is brooding over the earth ; . Alone in my state and splendour, I wait lor \- the new day's birth. No sound breaks in on the stillness, no voioe . .. in the silence calls, . So heavy tho velvet hangings, so thick are' , my study walls. I would sit in the dusky Bilanoo,and rest both heart and brain, And gather strength lor the warfare that day briogs on again ; ??'' But a pioture conies in the darkness of a place I knew when a boy, And M obilis the heart that is throbbing wi,th . , the flush of worldly joy. ''Tis a simple ohuroh in a moadow-land, J WhereT see a white-haired pastor stand, Who warns bis Hook with nplilted hand: " Except ye bo like the ohildren, So oannot enter in." There's aglitter and glory around mo that ia born of a guinea's sbino ; I measure a thousand aerea, and know that \- their wealth ia mino ; I hear in the shout ol the gaping crowd the homage they bear my name It is written in radiant letters on tho glitter ing roll of fame; The sound of the words I utter is eohoed from land.to land, And the helm that sways a nation ia trusted within my hand ; Bnt my heart .grows faint like a woman's when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight when that white-haired man appears ; For soul and spirit broome perplexed; ' I dread the words that are coming next, ' . The awful Bound of that simple text : . " Except yo bo like tue ohildren, - '.' - Xe oannot enter in." Bong and fieroe waB tho struggle that placed me upon the' height ; I wrought with a will for the lustre that has made my name so bright ; I won me a crown of laurel, and wreathed it 1-*?-?". around my brow, And the wounds of tho mighty conflict I boar about me now. And mine is the right of routing, of pausing awhile in the strife, For I fonght the fight like a victor, and con quered the Suing called lifo. Bat that piotnre will come in the darkness, \- and stills tho fire-lights gleam, Till I pale and shrink like a culprit who ia " ?.? bound in a nightmare dream ; . For I see the old man standing thoro, The lifted banda und whitened hair, And I hear tho trembling voioe doolars : : " Except ye be like the ohildren, Ye oannot outer in." So I sit alone in tho midnight, while the ghosts of tho past flit by, And they warn me with shadowy fingers of tho und that ia drawing nigh ; . ' ' I think of the . lifo within me, of the fieroe and resietloBB will, And the frail and helpless body that mast lis BO oold and still, Till the quivering heart in my bosom grows faint and numb with fear, With droad of tho awful summons that one day 1 must hear ; And I turn with a shudder of loathing from the power I Blooped lo win, And I long for tho heart ol ohildhood, un touched, unsullied by sin ; For tho voies of truth falls on my ear, And memory oalleth adown the years, While aw td and frightened my soul still hears : " Exoept yo bo like tho fihlldron, Yo cannot enter in." A YOUNO SCBATCHBR-Meeting a, nows boy whoso faco was scarred with scratches and looked liko a map of som o great rail road contre, a Kegistor reporter asked tho youngster what tho matter was, "Feller spoko disrespectful of my sister; said he'd bot sho was cross-eyed, and 1 sailed in." " Ia your Eiatcr oroes-oyodl" asked tho re porter. " Hain't got. no Bister," was tho reply. "It waa tho prinoiple of tho thing what I goto licked f or/'-¿J« äfoiiws Bcgitter. 