THE MYSTERY OF SASASSA YALLEY. A SOUTH AFRICAN 6TOBY. Do I know wby Tom Donahue iB called "Lucky Tom?" Yes, I do; and that is more than one in ten of those who call Mm so can say. «rl have knocked about - a "deal in iny time, and seen some strange sights, hut none stranger than the way in which Tom gained that sobriquet and bis fortune with it; for I was with him at the time. lell it r Oh, certainly ; but it is a longish story, aud a very strange one; so fill iip tout glass again, and light an other cigar. while I try to reel it off. - Yes ; a very strange one — beats some faity stories I have heard ; but it's true, sir, every word of it- There are men alive at Cape Colony no w who'll remember it and confirm what I say. Many a time has the tale been told round toe fire in Boers' cabins from Orange State to Griqualand; yes, and out in toe buBh and at the diamond fields, too. . I'm rongbish now, sir; bail was entered at the Middle Temple once, and studied tor the bar. Tom — worse luck 1 — was oue of my fellow-students; and a wildish time we had of it, until at last our finances, ran shore, and we were- compelled to give up our eo-cailed studies, and look about for some part of the world were two young fellows with strong arms and sound constitutions might make their mark. In those days the tide of emi gration bad scarcely begun to set in toward Africa, and so we thought our beet chance would be down: at Cape Colony. .Well, to make a long story short — we eet 6ail, and were, deporited in Cape Town with less than five pounds in our pockets; and there we parted. : We each tried our hands at many things, and had nps and downs ; but when, at- the end of three years ohance led each of ns up-country and, we met again, we were, I regret to say, in almost as bad a plight as when, we started. - Well; this was not much of a commence ment; and very disheartened we were— so disheartened that Topi spoke of going back to England and getting a clerkship. For you ees we didn't know that we had-played out all our email cards, and that toe tramps were going to turn up. No ; we thought our "bands' were bad all through. It was a very lonely part of toe country that "we were in, inhabited toy afew scattered farmers, whose houses were stockaded and fenced in to defend them against toe Caffres. Tom Donahue and I bad a little hat right oat ih the bush; bat we wjre known to possess nothing, and to be handy with enr revolvers, so we bad little to fear. There we waited, doing odd jobs, and hoping that som6tMng would turn up. Well, after we had been there about a month, something did turn np upon a certain night — something which was the -making of both of as ; and it's about that night, sir,, that I'm going to tell you. I remember it well. The wind was howling past our cabin, and toe rain threatened to burst in our rude window. We had-- a great wood fire crackling and spattering on tbe hearth, by which 1 was sitting mending a wMp, while Tom was lying in bia bunk, groaning disconsolately at the chance which, had led him to suck a place. " Cheer up, Tom, cheer np," said I. " No man ever knows what may be awaiting him." "HI luck, ill luck, Jack," he answered. " I always was an nnlucky dog. Here have I been three years in tbiB abominable coun try; and I see lads fresh from England jingling the money in their pockets, while I am as poor as when I landed. Ah, Jack, if you want to keep your head above water, old friend, you must try your fortune away from me." ft " Nonsense, Tom ; you're down on your lucjc to-night. But, bark ! Here's some one coming outside. Dick Wharton, by the tread ; be'il rouse you if any man can." Even as I spoke, toe dcor wa's flung open, and honest Dick Wharton, with toe water pouring from Mm, stepped in, his hearty red face looming through the haze like a harvest-moon. He shook himself, and after greeting us, sat down by the fire to warm Mm self. "Whereaway, Dick, on such a night as this ?" said I. " You'll find the rheumatism a worse foe than the Caffres, unless you keep more regular hours." Dick was looking unusually serious, 'almost" "frightened, one would say, if one did not know the man. " Had to go," he -replied — "had to go. One of Madison's cattle was seen straying down Sasassa Valley, and of course none of our blacks? would go down that valley at night ; and if we had waited till morning, the brute would have been in Caflraria." "Why wouldn't they go down Sasassa Valtoy atnightf'aBkedTom. 1 1 "Caffres, I suppose," said L " Ghosts," said Dick. We both laughed. "I suppose toey didn't give such a matter-of-fact fellow as yon a sight of their charms?" said Tom, from toe bonk. "Yes," said Dick, seriously— -"yes; I saw what toe niggers talk about ; and I promise you, lade, I don't want ever to see it again." ' Tom sat no in Ms bed. " Nonsense, Dick ; you're joking, man. Come, tell -us all about it. . The legend first, and your own experience afterwards. Pass Mm over the bottle, Jack." " Well, as to toe legend," began Dick, "it seems that the niggers have had it handed down to them that the Saeassa Valley is haunted by a frightful fiend. Hunters and wanderers passing down the defile have seen its glowing eyes under toe shadows of the cliff; and the story goes that whoever has chanced to encounter that , baleful glare has had Ms after life blighted by the malignant -power of this creature. Whether that he true or not," continued Dick, ruefully, " I may have an- , opportunity of judging for myself." "Go on, Dick; go ob," cried Tom. " Lef s hear about what you saw." " Well, I was groping down toe valley, looking for that, cow of Madison's, and I had, I suppose, got half way down, where a blank, craggy cliff jute int-o toe ravine on the right, when I halted to have a pull at my flask. I had my eye fixed at the time upon the projecting cliff I have mentioned, and noticed nothing unusual about it. I then put up my flask and took a step or two forward, when in a moment there burst apparently from the base of the rock, about eight feet from the ground and a hundred yards from me, a strange lurid glare, flickering and oscillating, gradually dying away, and then re-appearing again. No, no; I've seen many a glow-worm. and fire fly — nothing of that sort. There it was horning away, and I suppose I gazed at it, trembling in every limb, for fully ten minutes. Then I took a step for ward when instantly it vanished— vanished like a candle blown out. I stepped back again ; hut it was some time before I could tfBd the exact spot and position from which it was visible. At last, there it was, the weird reddish light, flickering away as before. Then I ecrewed up my conrage, and made for the rock ; but the ground was so uneven that it was impossible to steer straight; and though I'walked along the whole base of toe cliff, I could see nothing. Tben I made tracks for home ; and I can tell you, b-'<vs, that unlsi you remarked it, I never knew it was raining, the whole way along. — But hallo ! what's the matter with Tom What indeed ? Tom was now sitting, with Me legs over the side of the bonk, and bis whole face betraying excitement so intense as to be almost painful. "The fiend would have two byes. How many lights did yon see, Dick? Speak out ! w " Only one." "Hurrah!" cried Tom, "that's better." Whereupon he kicked the blankets into the middle of the room, and began pacing up and down with long feverish strides. Sud denly he stopped opposite Dick; and laid his hand npon Mb shoulder. I say, Dick, could we get to Sasassa Valley before sunrise ?' ' " Scarcely," said Dick. " Well, look here; we are old friends, -you tell any other man what you have told us for a week. You'li promise that, won't you?" I could ' see by the look on Dick's face as he acquiesced that he considered - poor Tom to be mad; and indeed I was myself completely mystified by his conduct. I had, however seen so many proofs o! my friend's good sense and quick ness of apprehension that I thought it quite possible, that- Wharton's story had .had a meaning in 'his eyes whieh I was too obtuse to take in. . All night Tom Donahue was greatly ex cited, and when Wharton left; he begged him to remember his promise, and also elicited from Mm a description of the exact spot at which he had seen tbe apparition, as well as the hoar at which it appeared. After his departure, which must have been about four in the morning, I turned into my bunk, and watched Tom sitting by the fire 'splicing two sticks together," ntttit I fell asleep, I suppose I must have slept about two hours; but when I awoke, Tom was still sitting working away iu almost the same position, He had fixed the one stick across the top of the other so as to form a rough J, end was now busy in fitting a smaller stick into tbe angle between them, by manipulating which the cross cue could be either cocked np or de pressed to any extent. He bad cut notches, too, in the perpendicular stick, so that, by the aid of the small prop, the cross one could be kept iu any position for an indefinite time. "Look here, Jack/' he cried, whenever, he saw that I was awake. -"Come and give me your opinion. Suppose I put tois cross-stick pointing straight at a thing, and arranged this small one so as to keep \- it eo, and left it, I could find that thing again if I wanted it; don't you tMnk I could, Jack— don't you think so?" he continued, nervously, clutching me by the arm. " Well," I answered, " it would depend on how far off the thing was, and how accurately it was -pointed. If it were any distance, I'd cut sights on your cross-stick ; then a string tied to the end of it, and held in a plumb-line forward, would" lead you pretty near what you wanted. But surely, Tom, you don't intend to localise the host in that way ?" " You'll see to-night, old friend — you'll see to-night. I'll carry this to the Sasassa Valley. " You get the loan of Madison's crow- bar, and come with me; bnt mind you tell no man where you are going, or what yon want, it for." All day Tom was walking np and down the " room, or working hard at the apparatus. His eyes wero glistening, his cheek hectic, and he had all the symptoms oi high fever. " Heaven grant that Dick's diagnosis be not correct!" I thought, as I returned with the crow-bar; and yet, as evening drew near, I found -myself imperceptibly sharing the excitement. About six o'clock Tom sprang to his feet and seized his sticks. " I can stead it no longer, Jack," he cried ; " np with your crow-bar, and bc-y for Sasaesa Valley ! To night's work, my ted, will either make us or mar us. Ta?ce your fix-sbpoter, in case we meet the Caffres. I daren't take mine, Jack," hej jontinued, putting his hands on my shoulders — " I daren't take mice ; for if my ill-luck sticks to me to-night, d. don't know what I might not rio with it " Well, having filled our pockets with pro visions, we eet out, and as we took our wearisome way towards the Sasassa Valley, I frequently "attempted to elicit from my companion some clue as to his intentions, But Ms only answer was : " Let us hurry on, Jack. Who knows how many have heard cf Wharton's adventure by this time ! Let us hurry oa, or we may not be first in the field." Well, sir, we struggled on through the I hills for a matter of ten mUes, till at last, I after descending a crag, we saw opening Lout in front of us a ravine so sombre and plgurk that it might have been the gate of 1 £&des; itself ; ctiffa many hundred feet Mgh shut in on every side toe gloomy, boulder- studded passage which led through the haunted defile into Caflraria. The moon rising . above the crags threw into strong relief the rough, irregular pinnacles of rock by wMch toey were topped, while all below was dark as Erebus. "The Sasassa Valley?" said L- "Yes," said Tom. I looked at Mm. He was calm now; the flush and feverishness had passed away; his actions were deliberate and.slow. Yet there was a certain rigidity in his face and-, glitter in his eye wMch showed that a crisis : had come. We entered toe pasB, stumbling along amid the great boulders. Suddenly I heard! a short quick exclamation from . Tom. " That's the crag 1" he cried, pointing to a great mass looming before ns in toe dark ness. " Now, Jack, for any favour use youri eyes I " We're about a hundred yards from; that cliff, I take it; so yon move slowly! towards one side, and Pll do the same to wards the other. When you see anything ; stop, and call out. Don't take more than twelve inches in a step, and keep your eye fixed on the cliff about eight feet from toe ground, Are you ready ?" " Ye3." I was even more excited than Tom by this time. What bis intention or object was I could not conjecture, beyond that he wanted to examine by daylight the part of the .cliff from wMch the light came. Yet the influence of the romantic situation; and of my companion's suppressed excite ment -was so great that I could fed the blood coursing through my veins, and count the pulses throbbing at my temples. - " Start I" cried Tern ; and we moved eff, he to the right, I to the left, each with our! eyes fixed intently on the base of the crag. I had moved perhaps twenty feet, when in ai moment it burst npon me. Through the growing darkness there shone a small ruddy, glowing point, toe light from whieh waned! and increased, flickered and oscillated, each eh≱ prcduciag a mora weird effect than! the last, The old Caffre Jenperstition came into my mind, and I felt & cold shndder pass over me. In my excitement I stepped a pace backward, when instantly the light went out, leaving utter darkness in its place; but' when I advanced again, there was the ruddy glare glowing from the base of the cliff. " Tom I Tom 1" I cried. "Ay ! ay 3" I heard him exclaim, as he hnrried over towards me. There it is— there, up againBt the cliff !" Tom was at my elbow. " I see nothing," said he. " Wby, there, there, man, in front of yon I" I stepped to the right as I spoke, when the light instantly vanished from my eyes. But from Tom's ejaculations of delight it was clear that from my former position it was visible to him also. " Jack," he cried, as he turned and wrung my hand — "Jack, you and I can never complain of onr lack again. Now heap np a few stones where vto are standing. That's right. Now we must fix my sign-post firmly in at the top. There ! It would take & strong wind to. blow that down, and. we only need it to hold ont till' morning. Oh, Jack, my boy, to think that only yesterday we wera talking of becoming clerks, and you saying that no man knew what was awaiting Mm, too ! By Jove, Jack, it would make a good story !" By this time we bad firmly fixed the per pendicular stick in between two large stones ; -aai Tom bstii down and. peered along .the. horizontal one. For fully a quarter of .an hour be was alternately rajaing and depress ing it, until at last, with a sigh of satisfac tion, he fixed the prop into the angle, and stood up. "Look along, Jack,"- he eaid. " Yon' have as straight an eye to take a sight as any man I know oi." I looked along. There, beyond the further sight, was the ruddy scintillating speck, apparently at the end of the stick itself, so accurately had it been adjusted. " And now, my boy," said Tom, " let's have some supper, aud .a sleep. There's ! nothing more to be done to-night ; bat we'll need all onr wits and strength to-morrow. Get some sticks, and kindle a fire here, and then we'll he able to treen an eve on onr signal post, and see that nothing happens to it daring the night." Well, sir, we kindled a fire, and had supper, wito the Sasassa demon's eye roll ing and glowing in front of ns the whole night through. . Not always in the same place, though; ' for alter sapper, when I glanced along the sights to have another look at it, it was nowhere to be seen. The information, did not, however, seem to dis turb Tom in any way. . He merely re marked : " It's toe moon, not the thing, that has shifted;" and, coiling himself np, went to sleep. By early dawn we were boto up, and gazing along Co.: pointer at the cliff; bnt we could make out nothing nave the one dead, monotonous, slaty surface, rougher perhaps at the part we were examining than elsewhere, but otherwise presenting nothing remarkable. "Now for your idea, Jack," said Tom Donahue, unwinding along, thin cord from round his waist. "Yon fasten it, and guide me while I take the other end." So saying, he walked off to the base of toe- cliff, holding one end of the cord, while I -drew the other taut, aud wound it round tbe middle of the horizontal stick, passing it through the sight at toe end. _ By this means I could direct Tom to toe'xight or left, until we bad onr string stretch ing from the point' of attachment, through the sight, and on to the rock, wMch it struck about eight feet from the ground. Tom drew a chalk circle of abont three feet diameter round the spot, and then called to me to come and join him. " We've managed this business together, Jack," he said, " and w6'll find what we are to find, together." The circle he had drawn em braced a part of the xook smoother than the rest, save that abont tbe centre there were a few rongb protuberances or knobs. One of these Tom pointed to with a cry of delight. It was a roaghish, brownish mass abont the size of a man's closed fist, and looking like a bit of dirty glass let into the wall of the cliff. " That's it," he cried — " that's it ?" " That's what ?" " Why, man, a diamond, and Boeh a one ae there isn't a monarch in Europe but would envy Tom Donahue the possession of. Up with your crow-bar, and we'll soon exercise the demon of Sasassa Valley !" I was eo astounded that for a moment I stood speechless with surprise, gazing at the treasure which had so unexpeetedlv hn«n into our hands. "Here, hand me the crow-bar," said Tom, " Now, by using this little round knob which projects from the cliff hero, as a fulcrum, we may be able to lever it off. Yes ; there it goes. J never thought it could have come so easily. Now, Jack, the sooner we get back to our hut, and then down to Cape Town, the better." We wrapped np our treasure, and "made our way across tbe hills toward home. ' On toe way Tom told me how, while a law student in the Middle Temple, he had come upon a dusty pamphlet in the library, by one JanB van Hounym, which told of an experience very similar to ours, which had befallen that worthy Dutchman in the latter part of the seventeenth centary, and which resulted in toe discovery ef a luminous diamond. This tale it was which had come into Tom's head as ; he hmnpd to honest Diok "Wharton's - while the means whieh he had adopted to verify his supposition sprang from his own fertile Irish brain. "We'll take it down to Cape Town." continued Tom, "and if we can't dispese of it with advantage .there, it will he worth our while to eMp for London with it- Let uh go along to Madison's first, though, he knows' something of these things, and can perhaps give us Borne idea of what we may consider a fair price for. onr treasure. We turned off from toe track accordingly, before -reaching bur hut, and kept along toe narrow path leading- to Madison's farm. He was at lunch when we entered ; and in a minute we were seated at each side of him, enjoying South African hos pitality. "Well," he said, after the servants were gone, "what's in the wind now? Isee yon have something to say to me. Whatisit?" Tom produced Ms, packet, and, solemnly, untied thehandkercMef s which enveloped it. "There!" he said, patting his crystal on the . table ; "what would yon say was a fair price for that? Madison took it up and examined -it criti cally. ' " Well," he said, laying it down again, in its crude state, about twelve' shillings per Ion." " Twehe shillings V cried Tom, starting to his feet. " Don't you eee what it is F" "Rook-salt." " Rook fiddle !— a diamond." " Taste it," said MadiBon. Tom put it to his lips, .dashed it down with a dreadful exclamation, and rushed ont of toe room. I felt sad and disappointed enough myself ; but presently remembering what Tom ' had said about the pistol, I too left the house, and made for the hut, leaving Madison open- mouthed with astonishment. When I got in I found Tom lying in his bunk with his face to the wall," too disspirited apparently to answer _ my consolations. Anathematising Dick and- Madison, toe Sasassa demon, and everything' else, I strolled out of toe hat, and refreshed my self with a pipe after onr wearisome ad venture. I was about fifty yards -away from the hut/when I heard issuing from it toe sound which of all others I least ex pected to hear. Had it been a groan or an oath, I should have taken it ad a matter of course; but the sound which cauBod me to stop and take 'toe pipe out of my mouth was a hearty rbar of laughter!-" Next moment Tom emerged from the door, "his whole face radiant with delight. Game for another ten-mile walk, old fellow ?" " What ! for another lnmp of rock-salt, . at twelve shillings a ton ?" "No more of toat, Hal, an' yon love me/" grinned Tom. "Now, look here, Jack. What blessed fools we are, to, be so . floored by a trifle ! Just sic on this stomp forfivq minutes, and I'll makeit as clear as daylight. You?ve seen many a lump of iqek-aa|t .etuci in a crag, aad so' have I, though we did .make finch -a mull of this one. .Now, .Jack, did any of the pieces yon have ever seen shine in iihe darkness brighter, than any fire-fly ?" " Well, I catf t say they ever did." . " I'd venture to prophesy that if we waited until night, which we won't do, we would see that light still'-gtimmering among the rocks. Therefore. Jack, when we took away IMS worthless salt, weYooklhe wrong crystal. It iB.no-.veiy . strange-thing in these hills that a piece of rock- sait shonld be . lying within a ' -foot of a diamond. It canght our eyes, and we were excited, and so we m&de; fools of ourselves, and left the real stone behind. Depend upon it, Jack, the Sasassa gem is lying within-that magic circle of chalk upon the faoe of yonder clift Comq, old f ellow, fighteyour pipe and stow your revolver, and we'll be off before Ahat fellow Mnfliann hag , time to put two and two together." . .1 don't know that I was very sanguine this time, I bad begun, in fact, to look upon the diamond as « most unmitigated nniamty, However, rather than throw a damper on- — Tom's expectations, I announced myself eager to etart. What a walk it was ! Tom was always a good mountaineer, -bnt his excitement seemed to. lend him wings that day, while I sorambied along after w ag - best I could. When we got within t»«if a mile he broke into toe "doable," and never pulled np until he reached toe round white .circle upon the cliff. Poor old Tom ! when I came up his mood had changed, and he was standing with his hands in his pookete, - gazing vacantly before Mm into -a countenance- " Look I" he eaid— "look!" and he pointed at the cliff. Not a sign of anything, in the least resembling a. diamond. there. The circle included nothing but flat, slate-colohred stone, with one large hole, yrhere we had ex tracted tbe rock-salt, and one or two «w»iy - depressions. No sign of toe gem, "Fve been over every inch of it," poor Tom. "It's not there. Nome one has been here and noticed the chalk, and taken it. ' Gome home, Jack;, I feel sick and tired. Oh I had any -man ever lock like mine!" I turned to go, but took one last look .at the cliff first. Tom was already tenpacasoff." " Hallo I cried, " don't you see any change in that circle since yesterday ?" " What d'ye mean ?" said Tom. "Don't yon nuss a thing toat was there before?" . " The rock-salt?" said Tom. "No; .bat the little round. knob timt ve - osed for a fulcrum. I suppose we'must have wrenched it off ih using the lever. Let's have a look at what it's made of." Accordingly, at fhe'foot of tbe cliff wa searched about among toe loose stones. " Here yon. are, Jack ! We've done it at last! We re made men !" I turned round, and there was Tom radiant with, delimit, and with a little corner oi black rook in his hand. At first sight it seemed to be merely a chip from the cliff; but near the base there was. projecting frofnit an object which Tom was now exultingly pointing out. It looked at first .something like a glass eyes but there was a depth and brilliancy abont it. such as glass never exhibited. There was no mistake tois time; -we had certainly got possession of a jewel of great value; and with light hearte we turned from the valley, bearing away .with as the "fiend" wMehhad- |0 long reigued, there. There, sir, I've spun my story out too long, and tired you, perhaps. Yon see, when I get talking of those rough old days, I kind of see toe little pabin again, and toe brook beside it, and the bush around, and seem to hear Tom's honest voice once more. There's little for me to ssy now. We prospered on the gem. Tom . Donahue, as yon know, has set np here, and is well. known about town. I baye done well, farming and ostrich- raising in Africa. We Bet old Diok Wharton up. in business, and fae is one of our nearest neighbours. If you should ever be coming uu our way, sir, you'll not forget to ask- for Jack Tarnbdll— Jaok TumbuJi of ftapusea Farm. ' Pof-Ups. — Two egga. w'eii beaten; two " toaeupfuls of niilk, and flonrenough to nude r ' a. thin . hatter ; first mix together the flour and milk smoothly; jnst when they am ready to -go toto the oven add the eggB. > beaten very light ; -fill earthen teteupa half - - full, of th -batter, with a small inmP of c bntter on toe top'; place the «up on a %' dripping-pan and bake in a hot oven. They . are.to Jte etim aito hatter 