PROMINENT foPios§ COtTNTEEFEITS. IN this materialistic age extremes meet under rather perplex- ing circumstances. On the public platform rationalism and spiritualism are claiming attention, and in the Age office we find the two isms working conjointly for a common purpose—that is, for the seduction of Catholics from their allegiance to the Church. How this xs done we shaU explain presently. Two letters addressed to the editor of that journal will be found in our columns. One apparently is from a person representing himself as "A True Catholic," who affords convincing proof that he is no Catholic, and the other is a reply from a correspondent who is a Catholic. The former may be left in the hands of the latter, who ably and thoroughly confutes the Bophisms of the pretender. Not a word to strengthen the arguments of the Catholic is called for on our part; but we may be permitted the satisfaction of noticing the congratulatory article of the Age supporting its "True Catholic." It will naturally occur to people that the Catholic faith on which the Age has put its seal as a guarantee of purity must be a viciously adulterated article, but on that point we shall not dwell, preferring to explain how strangely extremes meet in the production of the "True Catholic" and in the article patting him on the back. With spiritualistic power the Age commands at its pleasure the appearance of counterfeit Catholics. Coming from where they do, it could not be expected that they would not bear some of the marks of the beast, and these, when subjected to light, become very remarkable. In whatever guise the apparition presents itself—whether as "A Catholic," "A Catholic Parent," " A True Catholic," or "A Catholic Teacher"—it has features common to all. It is in the power of the Age to call up the spirit, but not to present him in an unfamiliar shape. The changes assumed are so Blight as not to hide his identity. The spiritualism of our contemporary can only produce a counterfeit of the most fraudulent character, and the counterfeit is much inferior to Katty King's ghost, for there is some flesh and blood in that, and there is none in the spirit of which we get a pen-andink sketch in the columns of the Age. The strangest part of the story is that, whilst that journal is trotting out its inky embodiment of the spirit it had raised, it professes to rely upon the force of reason for the destruction of religion based on revelation and obedient to spiritual authority. The Age looks upon the letter of "A True Catholic" as "a sign that the education difficulty is gradually finding a solution for itself by the sheer force of that instinctive rationality which is the property of every intelligent human being, and which, slowly but surely, bursts through the cruBt of the stoutest prejudice, and lets the daylight in -upon the most benighted minds." Faith must sooner or later give way to " instinctive ration- ' ality," and the " True Catholic," whom the Age has spiritualistically conjured . up in its own office, affords that journal the strongest assurance to that effect. It employs both isms for the conversion of Catholics to ; godless education, thus affording a funny example of extremes meeting in. its case. THE Protestant press 'I'H K has been devoting CULTURKAMPF. much attention lately to the negotiations between the German Chancellery and the Vatican on the operation of the Falck Laws. The journals which, a year or two past, were eager to report every severe . measure that was enforced against the , Church, are now no less anxioup to find : some excuse for stating that the negotia- , tk>ns either have been or are .likely to be ; brougbb to. fl, satisfactory termination. I This denotes a decided change of (opinion, ' atid to "what are .we to attribute it P: If 'the Culturkampf had effected all that 'was hoped of it; or was still likely to effect;,its end, we. should not now find those..who had' hailed its introduction with joy manifesting a wish that there was an end of it. When the May laws were, threatened, the arrogance of the Church was denounced, and Liberalism assured the world , that an imperium : ik iwpeHb could not be permitted. The State should' be supreme in all things, and in every-free governed; country Papal pretensions should be resisted. Bismarck was ' S if Falck H^a Maranteed Ration; retire without hearing a word of regret for bis departure. He rabsided without raising so much as a bubble. And each day since his disappearance from the troubled scene, in which he was a central figure, the disposition on the part of his former sycophants is to bury his memory along with himself in political oblivion. The change of feeling has latterly become still more decided. There is now impatience in Germany for an end of his work. It is seen that it was a bad and unprofitable business, and whilst German politicians are sick of it, those outside Germany who took their cue from the Liberals of that country are also anxious to hear the last of it. From the following paragraph, taken from the German correspondence of the Tabid, the feeling on the subject in the German legislature will be understood:— The Kreuz Zeitung, the organ of the Pro testant Conservative party in Prussia, has an article reviewing the work of the last session of the Landtag, in which the hope is expressed that the speeches delivered during the Coltuikampf discussions may be regarded as " farewell discourses." Not only Conservatives, but even almost all the Liberals, will be delighted at the prospect of the removal of a mischief which is the source of general trouble and harm. People are pleased by the 11 dignified moderation" of the Catholics. Prussia will not assent to any " Papal domination' ' (!), but, when the fear of that is removed, there is no reason why the old motto of the Hohenzollerns, " suum cinque," should not be allowed full play. As the Old-Catholics, why should any account be taken of them in Prussian legislation ? It is a well-known doctrine of the Catholic Church that the Church is infallible her dogmatic teaching. It is a purely internal question, with which the State has no right to interfere, whether this infallibility comes into practical effect through the infallible teaching of the Pope, or through the infallible decrees of a Universal Council. There is not much encouragement in this to introduce a Culturkampf in any part of her Majesty's dominions. It does not much favour the proposal of the that an experiment of the kind should be tried here, to silence priests and coerce Catholic parents to send their children to those godless schools— hotbeds of infidelity and immorality" —which they abhor. The game has been a decided failure where it has been tried. The world is too old for a revival of the kind, even among the " Papistical Irish." . WB are disappointed in our >OL anticipations with regard to ins. the school census which is , being taken by order of the Minister of Education. The information required does not include a return children attending denominational schools, and so, for an important purpose, the census will have no value whatever. The instructions to be carried out are':— ' Name and surname of each child in full. Sex; Age. Where under instruction, showing whether at home, at a private or public school, or State school, and if the last named, adding the number of such school." In the particulars specified in the Act no provision is made for obtaining the information to which we refer, but surely no reasonable objection could be taken to such an addition to the schedule as would meet the case. As the matter stands, we cannot recommend. Catholic parents to do more than answer.-the questions put. Any attempt to supply the omission could not be completely successful, and an incomplete return would be altogether worthless. If madB, the authorities might decline to notice it, and if they did, it might be to our disadvantage. CatholicB had, therefore better abstain from giving other particulars than those demanded. In the course of a year or so a general census of the colony will be taken, and we shall have to wait for that opportunity to represent our position on the Education Question. ONE should think A MOUNTAIN OP that the world at A MOLE-HIIII.' large could cot be much interested in the movements of the "Very RBV. Father JJepluc, the Qaneral of the Society of Jesas.'-• Certainly the Catholic portion of: the world sees no teason for being; carious on. the subj act, though they wonld regret jgreater^ono^^^rgl^rb^G^l^But the ^rbt^stant SMtjqn of jH»r|d, evidently takea a, great , interest in Fattier Beckx' r -jast at. present. . : Aa. ' the foreign'Jesoit®' *re to be erpeiled from unhap^'FMtaW/Protestants ai'e expectingtoflnd iom^fine morningthat leather Beokk 1IS»1«wtoa-iaie eartlrbfcPito axis, 0ther dreafitpfc thing to brinjg ^l^HtAO appalling' <»^trophe in j^yjN^^lnpkbiah tr^aimeni. With the objgcfc ®» frustrating his terrible esigns, the Protestant world is keeping ts eyes on him, and so intently as to njure its sight or disturb its imaginaion. The effect of this espionage, rather of the infirmity produced y It, is that Father Beckx, traveling in a railway oarriage, or more speedily on a telegraphic wire, is presented to their deranged vision. It lately came out in the mail news here, and we suppose it went to every other part of the Protestant world, that the General of Jesuits had gone to Paris. And that highly important statement was to be read by the Protestant world at large as conveying the information that Father Beckx had gone there to plot against the Republic. The announcement was brief, but it was pregnant with meaning; and we may be sure it was relished by those for whom it was intended. But, like other little items of the kind, it happens that there was no truth in it. The Tablet says:—"The Rev. Father Beckx, General of the Society of Jesus, whose arrival in Paris has been announced, has not been absent from his residence in Florence." What matter; the canard has served its purpose. It administered to the prejudices of the Protestant world, and that world will be quite prepared to-morrow to swallow any other equally veracious story, and to enjoy any similar insinuation. It takes the liveliest interest in the smallest things connected with the despised Papacy, and thus proves its large-mindedness and consistency. SKNOB CASTELAR has writ ten an article in the Victorian Review which PRINCIPLES. is only remarkable for the fluency of the writer and the brilliancy of his imagination. It is on the state of Europe, but affords the readers of the Beview but little enlightenment on that subject, as the great Spanish orator is much more speculative than practical. He imputes to Radicalism the failure of his designs to create a moderate Republic in Spain, and naturally is blind to the fact that the extreme party merely sought to push his principles a little further than he intended Nor does he allude to the fact that so dangerous had his rule become to the best interests of Spain that, with the approval of its most honoured citizens, his overthrow was effected by the army. However, what we desire to point to now is the very seriouB error into which the Telegraph falls in extolling the career of this brilliant but hot-headed Spaniard. There is no great mistake in comparing him with Lamartiue, who, like himself, was a dreamer; but it is unquestionably an insult to Lamartine and Kossuth to mention their names in the same category with those of Mazzini and Garibaldi. " His name," says the Telegraph, speaking further on of Castelar, " stands linked for ever with the names of Kossuth, Mazzini, Garibaldi, and those other illustrious patriots of modern days who dared to dream of, and who sacrificed all to compass, freedom and national unity for their native lands." In charity, we must believe that the writer of this panegyric did not seriously consider to what lengths his admiration of the principles advocated by Mazzini and Gari- baldi would lead him. Foolish as we must consider the eulogist of these traitors to be, we should be sorry to charge him with knowingly countenancing assassination for political purposes. Yet this is the length to which his admiration of vicious principles would lead him. It is unquestionable that Mazzini plotted assassination, and we now give Garibaldi's own words to prove that he also is in favour of that means of getting rid of those opposed to their nefarious political designs. The following correspondence, which recently passed between the General and FSlix Pyat, is given in the JSabagas of Naples:— "London^ 1st March, 1880.—My old Friend,—The latest attempt on the Despot of Russia once more confirms the truth of the principle that ' the International is the Sun of the Future.' All rulers, from the mightiest King down to the most insignificant President of a Republic, must be done away with, whether it be by peaoeful.means or by violence. Unite your voioe with fhat of the French Socialists in order to oppose .the extradition of our good friend^ Hartmann. ^For exiles whp, like us, are in favour of. arpied action ior the purpose, of establishing: the Universal, and, therefore,, Democratic Republic, the soil of Fraa& .xm^'be. inviolable. . I shake you by, Jjhe^unil as your fiincerely devoted Fkan'^YiX^" 1 <3«aiSral Garibaldi's reply is as followsCabrera, 6th March, 1880.—My deax Pyat,—You still remain the popularhero of the b&rricatles; of Paris. I thank you heartily, for your kind .letter, although I inlay; have reason to be angry with you on account of. ypiir long silence. Hartmann is a brave young fellow, deserving, the 'esteem and gratitude of all honourable men. Neither Minister Freycinet nori r reddent'Gr€vy bain, as honourable Republicans, possibly tarnish their names bv giving up a political exile. That would worthy only of the hyaena of Versailles Political assassination is the secret means for preparing the Revolution. Sovereigns of course, call the friends of the people derers. All genuine Republicans, lju AgesilauB, Pietri, Orsini, Pianori, Monti, and Tonetti were no doubt for their times assassins. To-day they are martyrs who deserve the admiration, of the people. Hbdel Nobiling, Moncasi, Passavante, Solovieff' Otero, and Hartmann are the forenumets of the government of the future. The mm. dereris the priest who is expelled from ths community, who suppressed prosrress by help of the stake, and now kills coa. sciences by means of lying. This priest must be banished to Siberia, not the companions of Hartmann. A hearty shake of the hand and salutation to Valles. Yom GABEBAIDI." With what consistency can the Telegraph denounce Nihilism or Socialism, or the murderers armed with knife, band grenade, or dynamite, and praise suck men as Mazzini, and Garibaldi, who have been most active in sowing the seeds which have prorlucedsuch accursed fruits? To excuse their darkest crimes is it enough that these men are the enemies of the Papacy, and that to their traitorism and advocacy the spoliation of the Church ischieflyto be attributed? May Garibaldi openly advocate assassination, and yet remain a hero in the esteem of the Telegraph, and all because he conspired to dethrone Pius IX., and has shared in the robberies of theChurch ? So it would seem. The " universal republic" abroad is to be brought about by all the infernal agencies traitors and conspirators can employ for the purpose, and these men have admirers in the English presB, notably in the Melbourne Daily Telegraph ! 