CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOP OF A HI LA. Tho Church of Rome lias for many ages prist been noted for the grandeur with which her great ceremonials are conducted ; and rarely lias she shone out in any colony with more ecclesiastical pomp and circumstance than she did in (St. Mary's pro-Cathedral yesterday, oil the occasion of the consecration of the Right Rev. H, A. Frnysse, S.' M. Bishop of Abila and Vicar Apostolic of Now Caledonia. The ceremony was carried out in ac cordance with the " Uituale Koinanum,'' a work, published ns far back us the year 15(51, and one looked upon as Hie most valuable in the library of St. John's I ' >11''.''. Though the cltarges Tor ndtiiD-iou Were very imu-uslly high (being 5s for front, and 2s tld for bach scats — the proceeds being in aid of 8t. Mary's new cathedral), ilia building was crowded in every part, ami the pro ceedings were regarded witli the deepest interest by a very numerous congregation during nearly l'our hours. At about 1 1 o'clock n lengthy pro-- cession was formed, and ttiose comprising it inarched from the presbytery to (lie pro-Cathedral,' where l'ontilical High Mass was celebrated by His Grace the Most Rev. Roger Rede Vaughau, Arch bishop of Sydney, assisted by tiie Right Rev. Dr. 51. Quiiin, Bishop of ltathurst, ami the Right Itcv. Dr. Torregiani, O.S.F., Bishop of Armhhdo. with their chaplains. The Rev. Kdinoiid Ruder, with the Rev. J. Fleinining, acted as deacons ot tiie Mass, ami ihe Rev. l'ere Jolv, with Father Leremiotel, as deacons of die throne. The Very ltev. Dean Sheridan. V.G., officiated ns Assistant Priest, and the ceremonies were conducted by llie Very Rev. Dean Dwycr and the Rev, 1'. Ryan. Amongst tho other clergy men assembled within tho sanctuary were the Very ltev. Deans Flnnnagan and Kenny, tho Very Rev. Dr. Byrne, the Very Rev. Dr. Quirk, tiie Rev. Fathers J. J. Garvoy, 1'. J. Mahony, Dunne, Couc, Ileuze, Garavcll, Harnett, Tressalet, Fitzpalriek, Aiabrosoli, Murairc, 51. H. Ryan, Quirk, mid Le Meunnt, Thcclioirwasaugmontcd by soveral ladies and gentlemen from the other Catholic ones, and was under the able conduct of Herr flussmileli, 5Ir. T. 51. Ranks presiding at the organ. There was a large orchestra, com prising many of the best available instrumen talists, and the result was a very great success. The music rendered consisted of "The Kyrie," " Gloria," and " Credo," from Haydn's No. 3 -Mass (the other portions of tho work having been omitted on tilts occasion), nnd Mendelssohn's magnificent " Wedding March " at llie close, It may he observed that on nil such occasions the consecrating Bishop us well as the Bishop-elect fast from llie previous midnight, and tlmt nt least two of the principals in yesterday's ceremonial must have been wcllnigh exhausted before tliu close. Consecrations of bishops are nearly always set down for Sundays or one of the feasts of tho apostles, and in church, unless sometimes when solemnised at Rome. In the pro- Cathedrnl on the oc casion under notice two chapels hud been prepared, one for the consecrating Archbishop, .and another for tho Hi-hop-elect, the former being decorated in tho usual manner nml the hitter being furnished witli n crucifix nml two fights. The Bishop-elect presented himself to the Archbishop robed ns a priest witli a cope, all his vestments being wiiite. At the appointed time tiie bishops witli their attendants assembled before the altar, and after Dr. Vuuglum had offered up a short prayer, lie and tho Bishop-elect proceeded to their respective chapels where they assumed their robes. The Bishop-elect next, with tiie Bishop of Bathurst oil t he one side and the lii- hop of Armi- dale on the other, placed himself before the Archbishop, seated in front of the altar. The senior assisting Bishop, addressing tho Archbishop, then said (in Latin): — ".Most ltev. Father, our .Mother, tiie Catholic Church, demands of jou to promote the priest here present to the heavy office of a Bi-liop." Tli Archbishop nsked for the pro duction of the apostolic mandate, which was read. The Bishop-elect t hen knelt before tiie Archbishop and took the usual oath, whereupon tho latter said, ' Di a yrat 'uns. " The Bi-Uops having been seated, with mitres on, the Bishop- elect also took his scat, whereupon the Archbishop said: — "The ancient ordinance of the Iloiy Fathers leaches and commands that, lie who is chosen for the rank of Bishop lie first most diligently examined, with all Christian charity, concerning tho Faith of the Holy Trinity : nnd thill iu: lie interrogated concerning tliu different matters ami morals which arc befitting such government and necessary to be kept up, according to the saying of tin: Apostle: ' luipo.-o not hands lightly upon any man and also that he who is about to be ordained may be instructed bow everyone elevated to this government is hound to demean himself in the Church of Go, I ; and, finally, that they who gave the consecrating imposition of hands may lie irrcprchcnsildc. Therefore, by this same authority and precept, wo now interrogate time, most beloved brother, in charity sincere, whether thou wilt confirm and sub ject thy wisdom to the utmost of thy ability to Die sense of the , Sacred Scriptures.'" The Bishop- elect replied : " flu with nil my heart I so wish in all things to consent and obey." lie was then examined ut some length by tliu Archbishop with regard lo his acceptance of the tenets of tho Roman Catholic religion, . and nearly all His answers were " Volo" (I will), and "Credo" (I believe). When the examination had been brought to a c tho Archbishop said : " .May this faith be in creased for thee by the Lord, unto thy true and eternal bliss, most beloved brother in Christ." Tim Bishop-elect was then conducted by the assisting Bishop to Dr. Vntiglmn, ami, kneeling before him, kissed his hand. The Archbishop next removed iiis mitre, nnd, turning to the altar, recited tho " Contiteor" in the customary mode, the Risliop-eleet being at his left hand. Tliu assisting Bishops, witli their chaplains, also repeated llie " Couliteor" at their seats, after which the Archbishop went up to the nltar, which lie incensed, and continued tho prayers of the Mass to the end of the Epistle and the Tract. The Bishop-elect was then conducted by the assisting Bishops to iiis chapel, where his cope was taken off nnd lie was vested with sandals, the pectoral cross, the Rowing stole, the tunic, the dalmatic, the chasuble, und the maniple, after which lie went to the altar and recited tliu service of the .Mass to the end of tiie Tract. This having been finished, Dr. Yaughan said, " It is the duty of a Bishop to judge, to interpret the Scriptures, to consecrate, to ordain, to baptise and lo confirm." Tliu head of the Bishop- elect, pre paratory to his being anointed, was wrapt lound with linen. The consecrating Bishop knelt before tiie altar, and commenced a hymn. At the und of the first verse be rose from bis knees, sat down and resumed Iiis mitre. An apron was laid on Iiis knees, and lie .anointed tliu head of the Bishop- elect, snying, " Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy Son, who, together with Thee, livcth and reigneth in tiie unity of the Holy Ghost, God, world without end. it. Amen. The precious oint ment on the head, tlmt ran down upon the beard, the heard of Aaron. Which rundown to the skirt of his garment. The Lord liutli commanded blessing for evermore," The anointed head of the Bishop - elect having been bound with linen, Dr. Vnuglum blessed the erozier, and presented it to the new Bishop, and said, ' Receive this staff of tho pastoral office, that in the correction of rice tliou inayost employ severity with kindness, and exercise judgment without anger ; and that in cherishing virtue, thou maye-r, soothe minds of thy hearers, without imglnetiiig. ill thy peacefulness, tliu severity of reproof." Amen. The mitre, ring and gloves were also blessed before being presented, the kiss of peace was given, and many other prayers were said before tliu very lengthy ceremonial was brought to n close. Before the " Credo." tho Bishop of Arntidalu ascended Hie pulpit, stated llie purpose lor which those present had been brought together, and ob served tlmt it was unnecessary for him to deliver a long sermon, lie iiiLuudcd only to say in a few words what a Bishop was, and what lie had to do— what his business was. It was lo stand between the Creator and llio creature. Dr. Torregiani then briefly reviewed Hie religious history or the world, showing that man was made by God, for Him, and should not lie frightened of Ilim, butshould lie glad logo lo illm. Christ hud selected only a few illiterate men as His Apostles, hccuuso t lie work they had to do, being llie work of God, tho assistance of men of a different, class was not required, lie said to them " As the Father sent 5ie, I send you ; perpetuate 5Iy mis sion ; 1 shall be with you until the consummation of the world. Deselected I'cterasilis first Bishop, telling liim to take his credentials from Him, attested by miracles. He made l'eter supremo ruler of the Church, and told him to teach all nations — ids successors to do likewise. Tho present ceremony was to add .-mother link to tliu long chain of Bishops handed down from the time of l'eter. He dwelt strongly on tliu responsibility that attached lo the office of a Bishop, stating that it wns not so much an honour ns n burden, and a very great one too. The Bishop had to give an account of nil iiis iloek, and if one of them perished through having been abandoned by his Bishop it would l«i a terrible calamity for tho latter. The Apostles had been chosen by the will of God, and tho l'opo hud been placed over all. The l'opo charged tho Bishops ami required them to give an account of their stewardship. Bo long ns tliey remained with l'eter they were safe and would in tho end take jiosscssion of tho kingdom prepared- fur litem by God. All men came from God and should go to ilim. The Bishop concluded by giving the Episcopal benediction. Whilst the "Tc Ileum" was being ulinnted, the new Bishop, accompanied by the assist i ng bishops, eiei gv- incn ami acolytes, walked all around Hie church, lifter which the procession, having bcc-i joined -- ' by Hie consecrating Archbishop, marched down through the middle nnd to the presbytery, tho orchestra playing the." Wedding Mitrcli," its hue already bcon intimated, 