The Advertiser THURSDAY, AUGUST 19, 1880. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 18. In the Assembly— <*> Mr. WEST-ERSKINE moved for an estimate of the cost of converting the present Govern- <*> ment House into Parliament Homes, and of comer ting the old Lunatic Asylum into a resi dence for Sis Excellency the Governor, which nas agreed to. Mr. Habdt moved tbat steps should be taken to obtain a revenue from the Ohiueee aud other Asiatics in the Northern Territory, introducing a scheme for deriving a revenue from the issue of Jic?aees for the manufacture of opium A q4 epirite. The debate on the ntotion *as ad journed. Motions for polling-places at various towu fehips were brought forward, and the debate ou each adjourned for a week, pending the receipt of a report from the returniug-otticer of the colony. j. On tbe motion of Mr. Basedow a return was ordered with respect to th« cost of select com mittees aud commissions, August, 1675-9-SO, up to date. A return was also ordered, upon the raotioa of Mr. Boweu, respecting the quantity of railway materials earned on the line from Adelaide to the Port daring the year ended July 31,1850. Mr. Gogun moved the further adjournment of the debate on Mr. Parsont's motion respect ing the wool rates on South Australian railways till Wednesday, September 1, whish was agreed to. Mr. Daeuhg'b sootion for the establishment of a MaternityandFoundting Hospital in or near . delaide was carried, and his motion requiring tbe Government to brine forward a plan for establishing such an institution was agreed to in an rfnf,nHfi\ iota providing for a Gtovernment subsidy to private subscription* receive 1 of pound for pound. The House at 620 p.m. adjourned HU nest day. The promoters of marriage with a deceased wife's aieter have again been doomed to disappointment. This year two Bills were introduced into the Imperial Parliament with a view to legalise such marriages, but both of them have come te grief. The disappointment is all the more severe in the House of Commons, because it is a?aerted on authority that no fewer than 400 mem. bers were pledged to the principle of the Bill, and bad it come on for discussion it must have been carried by an overwhelming majority. By taking advantage of the rule which prevents any opposed business being entered upon half an hour after mid night, and by indicating opposition even to the introduction of Sir Thomas Chambers'* Bill, a small knot of obstructives were able to prevent the debate from proceeding on the night for which it was fixed, and the supporters of the measure are naturally in dignant. In a memorial signed by over i*oo members Mr. Gladstone has been appealed to in reference to this abuse of the forms of the House. It is not unprecedented, though it is certainly uncommon, to oppose the first reading of a Bill, an d the attention of the Prime Minister wascalled to the fact that out of seventy-seven private Bills introduced ibis year the Marriage with a Deceased Wife's Sister Bill is the only one which has been so discourteously treated. The memorialists therefore asked for Govern ment interference, either to take the Bill in hand as their own, or else to assure the necessary facilities for debate. Though Mr. Gladstone himself is not unfavorable to the Bill, having both spoken and voted for it in previous years, he has replied that owing to the time that has been spent in Irish end other matters this session he could uot promise to set aside Government time for its discussion. This excuse may be accepted as genuine, for our tele grams published two or three days ago state that much dissatisfaction has been expressed by Conservatives and Home Rulers at hie determination to prolong the session till the Government measures were passed, and as it is bow quite a week beyond the usual tune of pro rogation it may safely be assianed that Sir Thomas Chambers'^ Bill has been sacrificed in the general massacre of the innocents. This ip all the more annoyinc to those in terested, because in the House of Lords, where the opposition is stronger, the de ltate bit? ended in defeat, though by a tiiniiuJbLed jnsjority, and uuier circitn- Etfincec which betoken ultimate mil not Tery remote success. It is di'.liculc to gay ainthini: new on a subject-which since I^4l has been, tv u>e Mr. Gladstone's phra^. '■ turesbed to the boult," and consequently one obserreg in tht« recent debate? very little Jut the old ar^um-iiits refurVi^iied. ••They fought their battles o'er a^aizi. ana thrice they slfw die slain." Une t'line1. however, is specially to be noted. In tae earlier stages the theological argument was the sheet-anchor of opponents, and all other considerations as to expediency or sentiment were merely thrown in as make wei^Lts or padding. In those days the lithope were in their glory, and laymenr emulative and imitative, threw themselves (■/>! aiuore into abstruse disquisitions on the true translation of Hebrew words in Leviticus or the relative force and autho rity of contradictory dicta by the llarly Fathers. The nails of Parliament were for the time Iwing transformed into scliooV •if tin.' prophets, and theological subtilties wcrr Jiercfly and keenly discussed. John Bright ".ee shjuted out iv one of thess dolifciee au expression of hope that " the ecclesiastical rubbish which had hindered thi- passing of this Bill would be ewep: away," and in recent debates a far more sparing use has been made of the two edged sword of theological controversy, t-ince it has come to be admitted that — authority for authority —as much at le-a?t can be said for as against the scriptural sanction of such alliances. The Ro man Catholic Church allows these marriages "by dispensation,'' and there fore, cannot bold them to be uns:rip tural; and indeed when Cardinal Wiseman wns examined before the Royal Commission in 1847 be acknowledged that the restric tion was nothing more than a matter of ecclesiastical polity. Many of the m >?t preeminent scholars and divines in the Church of England favor these murria_re*, ::u! even in Scotland the propriety of leav ing their legality—so far as the privileges of rkui'cb membership are. concerned—.in open question hiisbeen delated and approved ii: M>ine of the church courts. Ia accord tnire with this change of front it is n^tioe ;il,ie tLat the remit debate iv the Loris is ■>njy vHguely general on the scriptural argu ment, and I^?rd Coleridge with legaladroit ne.-s seeks to fasten on the promoters of the Hill the burden of proving that S'.icb marriages are scriptural, whereas it used t) be the cue of the opposition to undertake to prove that they were eminently unscriptural. The arguments used against the Bill were drawn from expediency and sentiment. It was said that the knowledge that such mar riages were possible would introduce an apple of discord into the family circle during the first wife's lifetime, and perhaps prevent her asking her sisters to the house as fieely as at present; that it would pre vent sisters from coming to take charge of the bereaved brother-in- law's house hold and children, and that it was pro moted iv the interests of a class. To the tiret objection it may fairly be answered that it is purely supposition and sentiment, and supposititious and sentimental argu ments of equal value may be adduced ou the other side, for in point of fact it is a very common thing for a woman ou her deathbed to urge her husband—if he marries again—to marry her sister, aui there are very intelligible reasons why she should prefer to entrust her children to a sister's rather than to a stranger's care. Then it is asserted that it is legislation asked in the interests of a cla«s. Lard Beancbamp, in moving the rejection of the measure, said " he would not say that the Bill was promoted in the interests of the rich, though he had his own suspicions when he saw how much money was spent in its advancement, but he was confident the measure was not inquired in the interests of the poor/ This is Mathew Arnold's argument over again. He said years ago " The great middle-class policy of the age consists in doing as you like, and especially in marrying your deceased wife's sister." This is very pretty banter, but it embodies this truth, that not merely the middle-class, but all classes consider it the perfection of a free country where you can do as you like, unless there is a proved sufficient reason for your being interfered with, and it is the absence of such reason which renders the promoters of this Bill im patient of the existing restraints. It argues either great recklessness of assertion or ignorance of the facts to say that the poor are not interested in the ! passing of this Bill. The petitions in it d favor were signed by all classes, and one of them bore the names of 42,000 women of Leeds alone. Lord Houghton said that in bis district —the West Biding of York— hese marriages were very frequent, and con tracted in utter disregard of consequences; and bis experience k will be verified by all who have had to do with marriage affairs in England or Scotland. A Scotch depu tation from the Convention of Royal Burghs told the members whom they inter viewed the same thing—that poor people contracted these marriages in the teeth of he laws, concealing from the officiating clergyman the fact of relationship, while those who could afford it went to Switzer land to be married legally there, and on their return were received into society as bma fide married people, though iv the eye of the law they were living in concubinage, and children born of their union are branded as bastards. Some years ago one of the most prominent members of the Wesleyan body resigned his position in England, and went to America in order that he might be free to marry his de ceased wife's sister, and was struck off the " legal hundred " in consequence. He continued his ministrations with the utmost acceptance abroad, and after the death of Lie second wife he returned to England, and co far from the church to which he bs loDged bringing him to discipline for form ing a connection which the law disallows, he was within a year of his return elected President of the Wesleyan Conference. When public sentiment, and even public religious sentiment, is so pronounced, it is rain to argue that die passing of this Bill will throw open the floodgates of im morality and social disturbance. It has not done so in- the colonies; it need not do so in the mother country. Putting aside the scriptural argument, now practically abandoned, clearly it res& with the people themselves through their repre sentatives to determine on what basis the marriage law should rest, and by what limit it should be guarded. How that public sentiment is flowing is seen froji the j*tiliorj-, the most recent of which was s-jpjitd by IXH3 mayors and ex-mayora of LJijrlisL towns: from the acknowledged majority hi the House of Commons: and from the gradually increasing phalanx in ite favor in ihe Lords. Three of theQueen'i; eons voted for the Bill this year: and busy junior, which may perchance be a liar, f-ays that their sister Beatrice might be the first to avail herself of it. Only one bishep recorded his approval while 11 and an archbishop voted against it, and it was lost by 11 votes, so that the bishops wrecked ihe Bill. For a little longer colonists who have contracted legal mar riages in their own land mast be content to have their status and that of their children challenged if they revisit home, but the end is at hand. Next year, if the Bill be seat up from the Commons backed by the vast majority which it is said it will command there, the combined pressure of the Ljwer House, aud of the Court circle will probably turn the small minority into a substa3ti.il majority. Mb. Danling carried his motion in tha Assembly on Wednesday affirming the desirability of establishing a Maternity ani Foundling Hospital iii or near Adelaide, though his proposition that the Govern ment should bring before the House a plan for the establishment of such au insti tutiou was amended at the instance of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, so 86 simply lo require the State to subsidise to an equal amount all sums subscribed towards that object. Mr. Darling brought forward the motion about three weeks ago, when his speech, which had been of great length, was inter rupted by the orders of the day, and the discussion was adjourned for three weeks. The hon. member has taken up this subject with great zeal, and his remarks were dis tinguished bysuch earnestness, and gave tai-h evidence of painstaking study of the matter and careful collection of evidence bearing thereon, that a marked impression was produced upon the House. The speech, however, travelled over too wide a range, and though its high moral tone could not but command approval, yet the audience could hardly help reflecting that the Soudry-cum-Greer tragedy at the Mel bourne Opera House, the Dadley wife murder, and the Ward v. Derriagtou libel caee had an exceedingly remote bearing upon the question of whether foundling hospitals are beneficial in their influence upon society, and upon those persons for whose special advantage they are intended. More germane to this subject were Mr. Darling's denunciations of the seducer, and hie protestsagainst the social injustice which welcomes the male reprobate, and pets and fawns upon him if he is rich, while his poor victim is excommunicated and fchuuued as something hopelessly and 1 irrecoverably vile and abandoned. This complaint is of loug standing, and unfortunately there does uot seem to be any indication of the approaching preval ence of a healthier public sentiment. i Mr. Darling, like all enthusiasts, is liable to be carried away by the cause he has I taken up; but in his over-mastering and praiseworthy desire to succor the suffering ; and the fallen, and to redress the wrongs of those who ate cruelly treated, he rather overlooks the just rights of other persons who may have committed no offence. No one who is not morally deranged cau fail to agree with him iv hold ing in abhorrence the wickedness involved in the seduction of an innocent girl, and the meanness, selfishness, cowardice, aud cruelty of the wretch who having led her astray deserts her at the time of her utmost need; but some regard should be paid to the undoubted rights of innocent men who ue falsely accused of such conduct. Mr. Darling appears to object to the trial of such cases, on the ground of the torture to the poor woman's feelinga. Now, the grand security for the proper administration of justice is full publicity. The uudue licence of counsel may be controlled; preliminary investigations of revolting case* may b& held with closed doors; but an English com munity will not tolerate the secret trial and conviction of men or women on any accusa tion. This rule is properly enough insisted upon, even in cases in which womeu of the most delicate susceptibilities and the most spotless virtue have been outra^d, and certainly it should not be relaxed on behalf of those who, whatever wrongs they have suffered are not wholly free from blame. It muet be remembered that there are bad, dftHignj^ff women and girls, who will swear away a man's reputa tion, property, or life to serve a purpose; and every charge which is denied by the accused should be fairly, calmly, aad pub licly enquired into. Many years .-i£-j in England the simple unsupported oath of the Interested woman was £Ui2..ient to fasten the paternity of an illegitimate child upon any man whom the mother chose to burden with its support. Under such a law no man, married or single, however immaculate, was safe, and it was v<;ry pro perly co far amended by the Leg-ialatore that some corroborative evideace was re quired. It is doubtful whether, without creating greater evils than those it ifl desired to cure, increased faciiitiea for affiliation can be given, bnt unquestionably it would be proper to visit with severe penalties men who desert their illegitimate children, and leave diem unprovided for after the paternity has been legally proved. Upon the question of whether it is de tirable to establish a Foundling Hospital, persons equally sincere, humane, and chari table are divided in opinion. It is unde niable that such institutions have done an immense amount of mischief in various countries ; and it is worth remarking that, as was observed during the debate in the Assembly, Mr. Darling did not cite a single instance of one of these establishments having become an acknowledged success. They will be largely patronised if conducted on the secret system; that is to say if the women who bave fallen are allowed to leave their offspring at the hospital, and abandoning it to the caie of the institution, hide their own identity and shame. Reason and experience alike point to the inevitable conclusion that such-a system must be an encouragement to vice. Mr. Darling and the benevolent ladies and gentlemen with whom he acts do not propose to proceed upon such principles; they intend that the unfortunate girl shall Le sheltered in her time of extremity; that she shall nurse her child during its infancy, and that she shall be aided in pro curing employment, and otherwise re taining her place iv society. The move ment is, according to Mr. Darlings ex -1 planation, on behalf of the seduced. Ha does not exactly define seduction, bat probably he would act upon Mr. Piayford'a broad condition of admissibility to the benefits of the hospital—that the woman fchould only have erred with one man. Mr. Playford believes the cases of women who would present themselves for admission under such circumstances would be exceedingly rare, and he is guided to this belief by what he has ob served respecting inmates of tie hing-in ward of the Destitute Asylum. 'ihe Commissioner of Grown Lauds, in fact, rather threw cold water upon the benevolent project under discussion, and his vote was certainly not consistent with his The motives of those ;who advocate this scheme are excellent. They desire to succour girls and women who have made one false step, and preserve them from ginTHng into a life of infamy. They have now the promise of aid from the Government to the full extent of the private subscriptions towards the object they have in view. In managing the institution they are seeking to found they will need to exercise great discretion lest it should be abused, as well as kindness and tenderness towards those for whose benefit it is really intended; and the public must sympathise with the aims of the promoters of this movement, what ever opinions may be held by different persons with regard to the best means of accomplishing their benevolent purposes. The R.MJS. Bangalore arrived at X"in g George's Sonnd ml naif-past 7 o'clock on Wed nesday evening, August 18. A summary of the Eaglieh news will be found in another column. The steamer will probably reach Oleadcjia Saturday night. iKSir- It is announced in the telegrams &0& london which we publish this morniag that the August series of wool auctions began in l^oudon en August 17. The number of bate catalogued was o'.SM), and there was a large attendance of i ome aud foreign buyers. There was, however, tut little competition, and the foreign buyers held back. The prices realised were tram id. «o Id. per U>. lower than those prevailing at the close ol the previous series. The quantity available for the present sales is 313.000 bales. The committee hare decided to close the series on October 1. On Wednesday next Mr. Bray will move iv the Assembly lor leave to introduce & Bill to extend the jurisdiction of Local Oaurts. Mr. J. Rounseveliisto move in the House of Assembly on Wednesday next fur a teturn showing tie total Government liability under the OivU Service Act to June 30 last, or the amount that all the civil servants would have been entitled to claim on retiring from the service up to that date, and the annual increase for the previous two years. Mr. Darling's motion for the establish ment of a Maternity and foundling Hnani^l in or near Adelaide was carried in the Assem bly on Wednesday afternoon, and it was also agreed that the private subscriptions re ceived should be subsidised by the Govern ment pound for pound. Both motions were I c&rxied; on divisions by considerable majorities. j The principal objection to the establishment of an institution each as Mr- Darling proposed yeas the possibility that it weuld lead to aa increase in the number of illegitimate chil dren, and thus practically amount to the offering of a premium for vice; but the argu ments iv favor of making proper provision for [ foundlings and affording means for the reclama tion of unfortunate girls seemed to weigh more strongly with the House. An estimate of the cost of converting tha present Government House into Parliament Bouses, and of converting the old Lunatic As> lum into a residence for His Excellency the 1 Governor, was moved fer by Mr. West-Hrskiae in the Assembly on Wednesday afternoon. The idea of relegating His Excellency to the seclu eiou of what is now a madhouse seemed to. tickle hon. members when the motion was read out. and tee proposition was received with bursts of laughter ; tut Mr. Wesfc- Erskme, UH deterred by the merriment of the House, pro ceeded to argue gravely in favor of the proposal indicated in tas motion. In his opinion the old Lunatic Asylum, near the Botanic Gardens,? suitably situated for the residence of the Gover nor, and would form excellent vice-regaL (^tatters; while instead ol enlarging tha building to meet the increase of lunatics iv the. colony, he considered it would be a far better polioy to enlarge Che asylum at Parkside. Government House, lie contended, could be turned into capital Parlia ment Houses if two Uhambers were built, and vouia give much-needed accommodation for library purposes and the stabling vf nonce be longicg to members. The bad ventilation «J& limited sue of she present Parliament Homes, I end the probability that the site will soon be -wanted for purpose* of railway extension, «?ro also urged aa arguments in favor of the hoa. member* proposal. Ths motion ni opposed on the ground that as the scheme itself was ab mrd, no good object would be served by getting "aba estimate asked for; but the Qovarmnent -offynd no objeotion to fuinbhing the informa tion' required, and the motion was eventually -mnied on a division by a majority of sevan. A motion to the effect that steps snoull I te taken to obtain from the Ohmese and other j AUtOet in **• Northern Territory some portion of the «ost occasioned by their presence there was brought before the Aasembly.by Mr. Hardy, on Wednesday afternoon. It was argued that a* the presence of Chinese in the Territorry in- I volves oausidenble eort in the way of pilice and in other directions, they should be made to contribute towards the revenue, bat Blr. Hardy thought the imposition of Customs and export duties proposed by the Government mold be a failure, owing to the difficulty of •collecting the money, and he submitted as in hu U|.iuion a preferable scbe-ne the system adopted in the Straits Settlement. In that colony tLe bulk of the revenue was derived from the i*sa* of licences o«i the maouf aoture of crude opium into the ekmdn smoked by the Chinese, and of the spiria known as bhang, which jn eonramed by the Indian portion of the population. Only etude op<um cm be imported, owing to the fact that cltand* fit for the pur pose of smoking requires to be freshly made every twenty-four hours, sad the Government issued licences for the manufacture of tbi< sub stsaee simplybecanse th*y found it impossible to prevent the smuggling of opium before Singapore was declared a free port. Mr. Hardy believed that at present & revenue of something < like £0,000 a year may be derived bom the \ -Obinew in the Northern Territory by the adoption there of the system be indicated. The ; Mauster of Education offered no objection to the motion, the terms ef which are harmless enough, but he strongly opposed the adoption of the Singapore system of .ioeooes, aa likely to lead-to a pernicious monopoly,out of which manufacturers of dtaatfaand spirits would de rive profit at the cost of the consumer. If the duties be proposed were agreed to. Fort Darwin woaM still remain a free port for vessels, as it was not intended to impose either light or barber dues. Several other members made gaeeebee, and finally the debate was adjourne-1 tail Wednesday next, in order that the Govern ment proposal might be in the meanwhile dis cussed. His Excellency the Governor held a Cabinet Council on Wednesday, at which four ■Dnuters were present. ■ Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. have received iatfanatinn that the Garonne passed Breaksea, 'Western Australia, at 2 p.m. on Wednesday, Aagust IS. ' The Hon. W. H. Bondej, M.P. (Attor- Bey-General), is to deliver a lecture in connec tion with the Young Men's Christian Association in tfce Town Hall this oveniDg.the subject being "ttsHly Sports." The Postmaster-General and Super intendent of Telegraphs has favored us with tfce following memo.:—"Communication with Rangoon was pestered on the 13th instant. Toe Siberian line is interrupted by floods. The eab'.e between Singapore and Saigon is interrupted." . The manager of the Royal Crown saining Company. Heathcote, reports for the past week:—"North drive extended 16 feet; total distance from crosscut 90 feet. Sooth drive extended IS feet; total 79 feet. Stoping still proceeding. Machinery aud pumps work ing welL" The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were continued on Wednesday before Mr. Justice Boueaut. The c?«e of Wake v. Jon b, Addis, k Co n an action to recover on bay sold, resulted in a verdict being returned and jadgj neat entered for the p} ahriff for £173, with easts on the higher sole. His Honor expressed fcunself in very strong terms wita respect to die defend ante' conduct. The eiiriiih weekly entertainment for the fctL-£t oS teaaitn was gives at the Sailors' Home, *-** Adelaide, oa Tuesday evening, Ang-et -:. t£x. O. D. Astoa presided. As on au previous occasion* there was a very Urge at tendance. A good programme, consisting of songs, recitatjsits, and readings wan gone through verv-eucceEEfuUy by Messrs. MoOreckaa, Forbes, Efaisil&ui;, C. J. £sevei>e. and Mnaaon; Captain Brinsden, Mr. Chichester, and SCss Waterbooa*. The anmver?ary services of the Smith field Presbyterian Church were eommenoed on Sunday, August 15. The Bey. J. Mitchell, of dare, preached in the afternoon and evening to good congregations. On Monday a tea meeting was held in the church, after which the Bey. E. "W. GacspbeO, Wesleyan Minister, Gawler, deliveredhis popular lecture on v Bobert Burns" to an appreciative audience. The proceeds of the Mrrices were in aid of the church funds. •An error occurred in a paragraph reseitly published in these column*, respecting the Port Adelaide Dock Bridge. It was stated that the esstof tfce Btrnctnra was very heavy, bnt the ajrintantpnginpff, Mr.Condon.informsusthatat the price of lie raw material since the contract' was taken any other form of iron bridge; to fulfil the same conditions of traffic, would have cost nearly twice the amount cf the contract price of this bridge. The members of the Masonic craft of -the Irish Constitution held a meeting at the Alfred Masonic Hall, Waymoath-street, on Wednesday evening, August 18. for the purpose of eontidering the advisability of erecting a new ball. Revised plans of the proposed build ing were placed before the meeting and favor ably commented on. It was unanimously resolved that the construction of the new hall should be proceeded with as speedily as pos sible. The foundation-stone of the new post office at Nuriootpa was laid on Tuesday after noon, Atgust 17, by Mr.Chas. Bock. There was a large gathering of people, and the ceremony *ma of an intonating character. A procession was formed opposite toe institute at half- past 4 JWpek.and beaded by Mr. B. Gilgan's brass Vpltlie company marched to the site of the new voiding, where Mr. Bock made an appropriate apeeoh, and then laid the stone. BefreshmenU were banded round, and the Noriootpa Quartette Veeein sang some excellent quartettes, and the band flayed several selection* of choice music. At the Presbyterian Chuicb, Port Ade laide, on Tuesday evsniw?, August 17, a service of sotg was given bj tbeS Jnd«y-school children UL&et; th? ditoctiuu Qt Sir. C. Bitty, with Jlisi Gbh at the i/iano. Tnere aas a Urge number of the cjngcegation present. Addresses were delir=rfcu by ibe fcev. J. H. Angus (chair man}, ttic iiiv. Q. Mauthorpe. and Messrs. W. Neill. suri -J. X. Birko. Xfae object of the service, which «!.l probably be repeated btJore Jong, was tihtUii ti'.e coDgregaiioQ and school in closer fellowship, aud to tnhai.ee the bond of sympathy between them. The -following is Wednesday morning's weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Fort Darwin, calm, clear, fine; Southport, calm, clear, fine; Tarn Creek,S.SL, cloudy fine; Pine Creek, S.B,fine; fibs *t&"rin+. eaun, dear, fine, warm ■ Daly Waters, calm, dear, fine; Powell Creek, 5.8., riey.fine.cool: Tennant Creek,Bi,clear,fine, cool ;Barrow Creek, B^,clear, fine, cool; Alice Springs, SJB-, cloudy, fine; Charlotte Watem, B.E, clear, fine, cool; Pe&ke;, S., clear, five; Strangways Springs, 8., clear, fine, cool; Farina. cabs, dear, fine; Beltana, calm, clear, five. Mies Fidler gave the first of a series of I eoskery lessons under the patronage of the Chamber of Manufactures and tbeoommittee of Use Servants' Home in the Zdedertafel Hall, Fl«ders-street, on Wednesday afternoon, August 18. Between sixty and seventy ladies were present, and the lesson, which was alto gether different from any previously given, «etmed to afford universal satisfaction, the salad and haricot which the instructress prepared lookkg partfeularly tempting. Miss Fidler detires as to etet? mat any ladies who may 0 JS^ ?* "TS J?V -till do so by attending the lesson on Friday evening. Mr. P. Gay,has just had a handsome wardrobe made at his establishment, Bundle street, which is intended to be shown at the forthcoming Melbourne International KxUibi tion. The wardrobe, which stands 9 ft. G in. high by 8 ft., is ooustructed in the Corinthian •tjle of highly-polished figured Huon pine. In the centre there in a projecticg cornice sup i?rted by fluted and carved columns, and as cue ■rnrhmiinchip is of a nnifhed character the exhibit will no doubt prove a credit to fciie Soufh Austrafias court. A principal feature iv the construction is that the pieoe of furniture may be taken to pieces and packed and refitted ' wim the greatest facility. It will be on view «or. a few day* prior to being sent to Mel noorae. The anniversary services of the Primitive wwhooh*Ohoreb,Tynte- efaeefcNorth Adelaide, were commenced on Sunday, August 15, when threeiermoua mea, preached by the Beys. 3. G. Wright, L. O. Carts, and W. Diment to large and appreciattreaudieivces. On Monday a very «acce«.ful tea meeting wa: h Id at which nearly 200 persons sat down. At the public meeting which followed Mr. S. Bake well presided. Tile Bey. W. Diment, pastor of the churoh, read the treasurer's balance-sheet, which showed that the income during the year had been £334 13*. 6d., and the expenditure, including £140 paid off the debt, was £307- The congregation and churoh membership were steadily increasing. Interesting and profitable addresses were given by the Beys. J. S. Wayland, J. G. Wright, and L. G. Carter. The proceeds of the services amounted to about JESO. We have been shown some very hand some necklaces, earrings, and bracelets intended for exhibition at the international competition in Melbourne. Tbese articles, which are the work of Mrs. and Miss Nelaon, who also for warded specimen! of their skill to the late Sydney Exhibition, are made of rock melon and encumber seeds, some dyed black and some of natural color. These are worked up with either gold, diver, or steel beads into rosette-like shapes, with paarl beads in the centres, a series of which, connected by beads and seeds, go to form a bracelet or rjecfelace. There are a variety of patterns, but they are variations of the same idea. Tuev are chaste and elegant in design, and appear to he strong. Among the exhibits, which are rather numerous, are some handsome velvet smoking caps aud tobacco bags prettily ornamented with seeds aud beads. A deputation of shipowner?, merclii'.itf. | and otliers will wait upon tha ilariue iijir-i this morning to make some suggosuojs at-: the shipping of seamen. Ths practices a loo^ei by crimps to obtain sailors for ships hare lons been a just cause of complaint at Port Ade laide, but hitherto nothing effectual has been done to stop them. The deputation will ask the board to appoint a runner under Govemmeut pay, to be entirely at the service of vessels re quiring hands. Should the board agree to this, and a regulation be made, as a matter of coarse crimps ** en their own hook" will have to follow some other calling. A recommendation will also be made that seamen withdischarges should have the preference of engagement over those with permits. A rule of this sort, however, would be rather difficult to carry out. Besides it is seldom that a seaman who has lost his dis charge obtai&s; a permit until he has been en gaged. "Residents of the quiet township of Bosaville, sear Mount Gambier, have," says the Sovth-Emstern Star sf August 17, v been startled during the past week by the nightly appearance of a ghost, The nocturnal visitor assumed the form of a young girl, draped in what appeared to be a white shroud. Ohildren were frightened, anda few older heads, believing that the departed are allowed to revisit the earth, wove fearf ol that some crime bad been perpetrated, and that the embodied spirit of the victim was permitted to haunt the vicinity. Others of a more prac tical turn of mind looked upon the matter aa a hoax, amd one resident who had no faith in supernatural visitation decided to test whether it was a spirit 'doomed for a certain term to walk the night, and for the day confined to fast in fires,' or some resident of the neighborhood playing a practical joke. On Friday night be therefore laid in wait, and when the nocturnal visitant appeared made a dash forward, and found that bis arms encircled the form of a young gal, daughter of a neighbor, who was en veloped in a sheet, instead of a disembodied spirit. The practical joker was conveyed borne and cautioned against repeating her folly." Mr. J. A. Hartley, 8.A., B.Sc, the Inspector-General of Schools, has directed our attention to a statement contained in a report of the prcceedings ct the last monthly meeting of the Public Teacher*' Association, which appeared in Wednesday's issue, to the effect that the chairman reported that the Mnv6'eT of Bdrcation had approved of the rules eft! c Public Teachers' Mutual Assurance Society, and that a ktter to that effect bad been received from the Inspector-General. Mr. Hartley states that this is incorrect, as no ap proval of the scheme has beea expressed by the authorities. The following is a c?py of the letterrefeired to:—"To Mr. J. Griffith*:— "I L&ve; the honnr, by permission of the Hon. th- Minifiter of Education, to inform you that in the event of arrangements being mads to carry out a benevolent ecben;e,thedrdiictioaof 7*. Qi. per quarter vd!2 1w made from the salary of each teacher who shall signify in writing his concent to the same. It must be, howerer, dis tinctly understood that ths MSn;nt?.r v in no way responsible for any other arrangements that may be made in working the scheme. The deduction above mentioned will continue to be made while the teacher remains in the service of the department.—J. A. Hxbtlet. —August 13" We may add that the report of thj meet ing was supplied to us. A meeting of cab proprietors, at which between twenty and thirty stteniiedrwat heM.at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Angas-street, on Wednesday evening, Angust 18. Owing to the rather disorderly behavior of some of those present, not so much busuesi was traoaacted, as the time taken up would have warranted. In the absence of the secretary, Mr. Moj-le, ou being voted to the chair, stated that the object of the meeting was to consider the by-laws under the Corporation '-Act dealing with cabmen. A proposition was moved by Mr. Andrew*, and seconded by Mr. Thomas," That a deputation wait on the Town Council, asking for the following alteration to be made in the by-laws of the Cor poration Act: —That the fare from any cabstand in King William-street, Adelaide, to any part of North or Sooth Adelaide be in future-for one pasmeger. Is.; for two or more passengers. 6d. each." After some discussion Mr. Crawford moved an amendment —"That the fare from any cabstand in King William-street to any place within a radius bounded by North-terrace on the north, Wright and Carriogton streets on the south. Brown and Morphett streets on the west, and Paltency and Hanson streets on the east, be—for one or more passengers, 6d. each. To any place beyond that boundary—for one passenger. Is.; for two or more passengers, Bd. tech." The amendment was seconded by Mr. Gilbert, and on being put to the meeting was carried by a large majority. After some f archer discussion on unimportant matters the meeting adjourned. A concert is to lake place in the City Mission Hall this evening. The annual ploughing match and show in connection with the Salisbury and Virginia Agricultural Sochty are to take place near Salisbury to-day. The annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Gas Company is to be held in tbe ttx c-haitfe Arbitration! room, Pirie-strect, thi" n.orniijg. TLe net result of th?s entertainment rcetntly given by tbe Adelaide Mohawk i MiDftiels for the benefit of the fatuiiv of the itte P. Nolan was £43 A dramatic and musical e!>tertair;m?-r:t it to be given by the members of the St. Andrew's Toung Msn'fi A*soeUtio?, assisted by the German Fidelitas Society, in St. Andrew's Hall, Wakefidd-street, this evening. The children of the Model Selioul will retcer the cantata, the " Flower (£ueeu," io Garner's Theatre this evening for the joint becefitof the Ciifldrta's Hospital and the school library. Kreilmajrer's Waxworks Exhibition opened in Gawler on Wednesday, August 18, iv the institute hall. A large number of people visited the exhibition during the afternoon and evening. Tbe show is to remain open at the came {.'lace during the rest of the week, aud will Itave Gawk-r for the Burra on Monday next. The second intercolonial football match between the combined team of Victorians and t*ect}-tbiee South Australian-born players took place on the Adelaide Oval on Wednesday, August 18, in the presence of upwards of I.SUO spectators. The result of the contest was strongly in favor of tl;e visitors, who secured £ye goals and seventeen behiuds to one goat and one behind by their opponents. Both teams were afterwards entertained at a banquet in the Town Hall by His Worship the Mayor. There was another good house at the Theatre Royal on Wednesday evening, when v Othello" was presented with Mr. Hollo tray in the title r<jle, and Mr. Fairclough as lago. This is one of the talented tragedian's best im personations, and he was frequently aud de servedly applauded for his admirable acting. To-night be will appear as Richard IIL, &ud; on Friday, when he will take his benefit, he will repeat his masterly interpretation of Shaka peaie's " Hamlet." His Excellency the Governor has accorded bis p?trousge for tbe occasion, aud we Lope to see a crowdtd house. The annual rifle matches iv connection witb ths B.A_K. E fle Association wete con tinued at the danvilie ranges on Wednesday, August 18. The weather was fine, bat the light i was too etrODg for the long range match to be concluded. The firing at the last distance, 830 yards, was therefore postponed until this morn ing. The short range match was also com menced. The company's match was completed. The Bedhill Company is first with 557 paints; Port Adelaide second, with 522 points; Areas No. I, third, with 512. The matches will be continued to-day. The firing Uto commence at 6i.m. 