St. Cartilage’s, Lismore. Thu interesting ceremony of laying tho foundation stone of tho new Presbytery of tho above, place of worship took place on Sunday, 22nd ult., when there was a largo attendance. The usual morning service at 11. o’clock was conducted by the Rev. d. J. Doyle, after which his Lordship tho Bishop of Armidale (Dr. Torroggiani), preached ea very impressive sermon, the text being taken from the 17th chapter of St. Luke, and the 14th verso—“(do show yourselves to the priests, and it came to pass, as they went, they were made clean.” The sermon being over, a procession was formed from the Church door, headed by the Bishop in his canonical i obes, and flic Rev. .1. .1. Doyle, supported by the Acolytes, and followed by the members of the League of the Snored Heart., wearing their regalias. The place where the stone was placed, being readied, the procession ranged around, and a sealed bottle containing copies of the ‘ Northern Star,’ ‘ Freeman's .Journal,’ ‘ Sydney Lxpress,’ and a few current coins, together with a parchment scroll, containing the following,— Ad Majorem Dei Gloriam. Die deeimo ipiinto Augusti, anno domini millesimo oetingentesimo octogosimo, Festo Bcalae Marian Yirginis de Assumplione, lapis angularis hujiis edilicii in honorem Dei Omni potentis sub invocatione Beati Carlliagi, Lismoreiisis Lcclcsiac I’atroni, positus lit it a Revercndissimo Domino Ll/.eario Torroggiani, O.S.F.C. Lpiscopo Armidalensi, magno cum concursu lideiium, Leone Xlll Pontitice Maximo, Victoria Regina regnante in Anglia, illustrissimo Domino Augusto Loflus luijus Coloniie Gubernatore, Reverendis Jeremia dosepho Doyle, Gullielmo Reade, et Joanne Josepho O’Connor liujus missionis l’resby ter.s. Which may he thus rendered in English,— Fur the greater glory of God. On the fifteenth day of August, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighty, it being the feast of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the corner stone of this building, in honor of the Almighty (fod, under the patronage of Saint Carthage, patron of the Church of Lismore, was laid by the Right Reverend Eleazear Torreggiani, O.S.F.C., Bishop of Annidale, in the presence of a large concourse of the faithful, Leo XIII being Supreme Pontiff, Victoria being Sovereign of England, and the most illus trious Lord Augustus Loftus Governor of this Colony, and the Priests of this Mission 'being the Reverends Jeremiah Joseph Doyle, William Reade, and John Joseph O’Connor. Being placed in the cavity allotted for its reception, the stone was blessed by the read ing of a Latin prayer, and the sprinkling of holy water, and then lowered into its place, and declared to be well and truly laid. His Lordship then said,—That having met to gether to lay the foundation stone, he could not let the occasion pass without saying a few words, and showing the meaning of the work in which they were engaged, and would call their attention to the action of the Saviour himself, who had chosen his Apostles to preach his doctrines to mankind, addressing them in these words—‘Go, teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. These Apostles were men, who in time should see the day of their dissolution, and should come to their end. But that their work should be perpetuated, it was entrusted to them to appoint lawful successors such as the Bishops, to carry on their work until the end of time, when the world will come to on end and be destroyed. These Bishops in their turn set Priests over portions of their flocks, to carry out the commands of our Blessed Lord, and in this the Church showed its power, vigour, and energy. They Bad this day begun a good work, as in this Presbytery the Priest would have a place from whence he could go forth to the various portions of the Richmond River district, as from a centre. He was very much pleased to find the people so earnest in the work, as when the Priest has a residence he will be able to push forward the spiritual work of j the district, being, in fact, the first teacher in I the place, as if they had not a Priest to assist them, they would not, in reality, be able to secure the other teachers to lead them in the way of eternal salvation ; and by co operating with him would gain the end of their creation. He had been much delighted with his visit to the district and the noble way in which the people had come forward to contribute to the building, £700 having been already guaranteed for the building the}' had now met to raise, and he hoped in the interests of their Church, they would not allow the building to fall back for the want of funds, and thus save borrowing, ami the payment of interest. He was not a rich man, But would give another £5, in addition to what he had already given, and he would now bless them, and call upon the Reverend Father Doyle to receive the subscriptions and names of those present who were inclined to give. The Rev J. J. Doyle then opened a sub scription list,hind the sum of £50 was placed un the stone,, after which the proceedings terminated. The new building (of which Mr. J. Bana tyne, of Lismore, is the contractor and builder), will he built of brick, on stone foundations, and contains some H rooms, with handsome and ornamental bay-window fac ing Leicester Street; and stables and cut offices ; and, when completed, will form a very handsome addition to the buildimrs Hlremly erected m tins towns]iiji -Star. 