THE LAST HARANGUE. Dr. Yaugiian is not yet exhausted. If he has nothing new to say, . he is : quite pre-; paved to say, the old ,o ver . again; To him,' indeed, such a. process of repetition is not' grievous, . and.he feels very- satisfied that "to the faithful" it is "safe." The honesty of the method is another matter; Dr. Yaughan makes -statements, alleges facts, . cooks statistics,-- misapplies "argu ments, garbles quotations, and uses a' little .Papal . sophistry ; but when the; statements are . refuted, when the alleged) facts are shown not to he facts at allj- when! the cooked statistics are exposed;" when' the perversions ' and garblings are ;bronght' hut to tlie light, and the Papal., sophistry! is torn in pieces, Dr. Yaughan's plan is to abut his eyes to the exposure that has been ; made of' him, and reiterate his statements and impostures just as if they had . never , been answered ! , This is convenient, no doubt. In the case of ''the faithful," it is safe ; for " the faithful " are never asked to do anything, more than: to exercise faith in their, pastors and leaders. They must not .think. They must -not believe the other side.: They must not examine ..the evidence. . All they are required to do, as sound and good -and pious .Catholics, is " to hear the Church," and receive the repetitions and bold assertions of-, their priestly teachers, as the undoubted , truth and . the . infallible wisdom. But while convenient and tsafe for an unthinking -herd, ..the honesty, of the procedure is — well, the honesty , of Jesuitism. > . For the hundredth time Dr. Yaughan lias rung .the changes., on the, words— :"Tnficlel, - secularism, i public : education, religion in the schools, and persecution of Catholics.',' _ He has persisted .in ascribing the immorality. and infidelity.of ,the world to Publicschool education, although Public school education is only of yesterday. Helms shamelessly and loudly- affirmed that our Public schools are - " seed plots of. infidelity and lawlessness." With a face; of brass, he has told his people, and the rest of the colony, that if parents will send their chil dren to the Public schools, they will train them to be . like America, . France, Italy,' and Germany in everything Avhich he denounced as secularism and licentious ness. And then, .as if this were not infamous enough, he cries out and- stamps and grows red in the face, in his efforts to rouse -the passions of his people, by telling tliem that they are " persecuted," and that such hateful persecution they, ought to resent by all lawful means. ' But the fact is, as we have proved again and again, that if there be any -system accountable' for the infidelity of the world, it is Popery.; The demands of Popery on the credulity of the people are the principal source of the infidelity of the world. How can it be otherwise ? When men are asked and required to' believe things which they do not believe, . the natural rebound is to believe nothing.' In Papal countries there are but two . classes, the infidels — who have been driven into their infidelity by the monstrous demands of the Church and; then, the superstitions — who have given up all effort," and believe anything which the Church requires of them. In the priest-hood there are the same two classes— the infidels who believe nothing of what they teach, and "wink hard for the sake of their- living— and the .blind zealots who swallow all the legends and' impos tures which have been taught them,' and who dare not see what is plainly set before them. The " secularism " which ought to be dreaded is not the secularism of our Public schools, but that which, makes religion a trade, and the. priesthood a caste, and the Church a shop, and the pastorate a government for the sake of political power and wealth in the world. The " religion in the .schools " which ought to be avoided is not the religion which is taught in our Public schools — the essen ial teaching of the Scriptures — but. the - Popery and falsehood of Butler's Catechism, which is the chief instrument in making the children from their youth subservient to the pur poses of the priests ; — a " religious educa tion " indeed which never can do anything .more for the community -but to split it up into fragments and embitter the Papal split as necessarily agaiust the Protestant part; for if little, children - are taught to regard themselves as , the peculiar, favourites of heaven, and to look on others as the enemies of God and the Church, heretics and weeds that ought to be burned , what must . be. .the . feelings of those children when they come to years, but those of cut-throats; who are ready for all sorts of violence and anarchy, and who believo that by their sedition and rioting they are doing God service ?" The " persecution " which ought to be abhorred araong us is not the peculiar per secution of the Public Schools' Act; but that which dictates the policy of keeping the country in a perpetual broil for the purpose, ot securing certain, ecclesiastical advantages to " foreigners." ."With the (history of " persecution " Popery is well acquainted. 7 It knows what it is to per secute. It knows all the possible forms of persecution. It has . put them all to practical use ; but. it never found out- that subtle species of . persecu tion which As, endured without "people knowing, it, and ; : which consists ;in providing schools for. the whole people, and leaving. every class - of the people to the most perfect liberty in matters, of reli gion! . In the: case, of, -the, persecutions of Popery, the persecuted ..people knew the fact very well : jtliey groaned, they bled, tlioy died under it. But tlie persecution which Catholics,- endure in New South Wales is such that they never would have knowivit, if Dr. Yaughan and his priests had not told them of it ! The persecu tions.; in which . Popery, in all agos has indulged, took the. form of - shutting up the schools ; of Protestants, burning their books, imprisoning , , their -. teachers, , , tor turing their parents, and: ? threatening their children -with faggots .; or; the other form oi, compelling Protestants -to renounce flieir .religion and submit to .popery;. : Butthe terrible /persecution of. this nineteenth century; in-, New.; South . Wales which Catholics endure, at the. hands of Pro testants; is of this most: terrible and :awful form — that schools are. opened: for them , in every place, Catholic teachers and Catholic, inspectors . are . employed in: them ,at good : salaries ; and the heresies which the children are. taught and the rule under which they ere placed, leave them the moat perfect -liberty , to enjoy their religion, either before or after the hours of common instruction! . Is not this terrible persecu tion ? . No .wonder that the people cannot seo it, . cannot feel. it. ...The. . grimaces, and frantic gesticulations of, Dr. Yaughan don't help them, to see, it or feel it. Only the priests can see it andfeelit : and so. much do the priests see it and. feel it, that they threaten their people and their children that if they will not join in the cry, and pretend to feel wounds, the Church will deny them the sacraments here and pur gatorial repose hereafter ! Is not Dr. Yaughan a poor, afflicted, persecuted man? Has he not the very look of a man that is going to give up the ghost under tlic'fearful weight of his persecution . 