MIL B. FAIRCLOUGH AS HAMLET . (By a Casual Critic.) On Saturday uighfc a very large audience assembled at the Victoria Theatre to see Afr. Fairclough, an actor of considerable reputation, perform tho great part of Hamlet. It was gratifying to observe so large an audience brought together to witness the everlasting beauties of this magnificent poem, so full of profound wisdom, grandeur, eloquence, and tbe highest reach of poetic excellence. This murvellouH play, like all the great creations of Shnkspere seems to fall upon us with a continually increasing freshness. There i not a possibility that the glowing beauties of this marvel of the human mind will ever be exhausted, or that the intense human iulerost that attaches to every scene of the play will ever know decay. Shaksperc wrote for all time and for all men, and no greater glory surrounds the name of England than having been the birthplace of the illustrious poet. To perform the leading characters of Shaksperc as they should be performed demands a genius of the highest order, and a whole scries of exceptional qualities and accomplishments that are drawn upon to the fullest extent in every one of his great characters, and in none more so than iu tlie remark able play under notice. The idea Shaksperc gives us of Hamlet i» that of a refined, polished, highly-cul tured Prince and gentleman, full of fricmlshii), love, courage, and human sympathy, thoughtful anu specu lative in his conversation, and fond , of indulging in philosophical reflections which often perplex biui with thoughts beyond the reaches of his soul." He ist like Macbeth, " infirm of purpose," and from the frightful circumstances of his surroundings, and the infirmities of his own nature and character, he finds himself without decision or auy clearly-defined pur pose, all hesitation and uncertainty, and absolutely without power either to act or control the events that arc happening around him, and which have for him an interest fo fearful and significant. Per petually brooding over the atrocities revealed to him by his father's spirit, the thought drives him well nigh to distraction, but never to madness, nor does lie ever feign madness ; his peculiarities arc amply accounted for by the circumstances of his posiiiou. His suspicions are all awakened and alarmed by tlie dreadful story of the Ghost, and he walks about with some indescribable and undefined fear hanging over him, which leads him to_ suspect everyone, and prompts him to wrap up his conversation in those extraordinary and enigmatic phrases which led to the belief in his madness, in the midst of all this tur moil of the mind and passionate thoughtfulness, his noble, genuine nature is continually asserting itself, and we are coimtantly attracted iu affectionate and sympathetic interest to the forlorn, noble, aud high- minded man whose poace and happiness arc totally wrecked, and whose life seems destined to sink under a dark cloud of despair. To give us a true picturc of this great character is a task, the magnitude of which is probably not fully appreciated by most of those who make the utLeuipt. -Mr. Fairclough attempted it on Saturday night, and was much applauded, and called before tho curtain at the end of each act, It is always my desire, when I see a Shakspcriau actor, to applaud him to the echo if the performance will ad mit of it, Nothing I dislike more than to find fault, I therefore trust that what I say here may be received in the spirit of a true, sound, critical judgment. Air. Fairclough's conception of tlie part is correct enough, but its execution is defective. There is a wnnt of grace ami ease in his action aud far too much grim ace ; his voice is somewhat monotonous and fails to sound the true music of passion, ami hometimcB he is incorrect iu the text — an unpardonable defect in an actor. For instauce, in the speech after tho Ghost dis appears, beginning " O all you host of Heaven ! Ac," the lines " All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, that youth and observation copied there," were omitted. In the advice to the players, the passage, u Do not Raw the air too much Willi your hands thus." The last word " thus " was left out. Ill asking Horatio ami Marcellus. to swear to observe secrecy as to the Ghost, Hamlet says, "Thin noliudo so grace and mercy, Ac." — " not to do " wan omitted. After the deatli of Polouius, Hamlet ejaculates, " Nay, I know not. Is it the king?" Air. Fairclough say. u Is't the king?" These may appear small mutters to some people, not so to tbe lovers of Shakspere. All. Fairclough is sometimes wrong in his emphasis ; for instance, before proceeding to the interview with his mother, Hamicb says, " I'll speak daggers to her, but use none." Air. Fairclough puts very strong emphasis upon " daggers," and on no other word. I submit the emphasis should be on il .speak." .Speech is the only weapon Hamlet is going to ubc, and he intends it to he ho sharp and stiuging that it will have the effect of a dagger thrust ; he therefore says, " I'll speak daggers to her, but use nouo." While the performance of Air. Fairclough whb unequal and inharmonious, there were some semes marked by considerable energy and dramatic power. His struggle to free himself from bis two friends in the preseuce of tbe Ghost was very effective. The closet scene with his mother was not without merit, although the excessive fondling of lier with ho warm an affection was not ouly incon sistent with Hamlet's belief that she was a consenting party to tlie murder of his father, and actually mar ried the murderer, but was also inconsistent with Air. Fairclough's abrupt, sudden, and harsh repulsion of her almost in the midst of his embraces. At the play scene, Mr. Fairclough fell into au error which ail actor, from Air. CreBwick downwards, commit. The play has programed to a point when Xlainlct. thinks it necessary to make some explanation. Consequently, he says, no doubt with impassioned energy, " lie poisons him i' the garden for his estate. His name's Gonzago ; the story is extant, and written in very choice Italiau. You shall sec anon how the mur derer gets tho love of Gonzago's wife." Now Air. Fairclough, like Mr. G'reswick and others, makes this the grand climax of the situation, and bawls it out at the very pitch of his voice ; when, from the text itself, it is easily seen that Hamlet did not think it the climax, because us he says, " You shall sec anon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago's wife," thereby expecting that the play would progress, Tlie dialogue continues thus Ophelia : The king rises I II unlet : What ! frighted with £ube die! tjuecu : How fare?; my lor«l ? I'iilouius : Give o'er the play. King : G ivc me home ligtiU. Away. AU: I.ichts! fights I fights I Now comes the grand nnd what should he the only climax, in which all the concentrated Mreiiglh and energy of Hamiet should be gathered up for one supreme effort as he thunders forth with triumphant and victorious power- Why, let tho stricken deer go weep, The heart uuDallnl play ; For soino must watch, while some mint sh op So runs tho world away. 9 Iu Oiuipbcll' ctlUlou of bhaktiperu the micltiLiun Is, ' This do you swear, so grace and mercy." Ac ED. A. J). T. J As Air. Fairclough and others enact it, they have two climaxes close on the heels of each4 other, a state of things which should always be avoided, as the one climax invariably destroys the other. There was much of this liobfo play omitted, greatly to its detri ment. Why should 5lr. Fairclough leave out tlie concluding portion of that passage; " Not a whit, we defy augurj ; there is special providence in the fall, of a sparrow" ? Here Air. Fairclough concluded it, leaving out these remarkable words, " If it be now 'tis not to come ; if it be not to come, it will be now ; iflfit bo notnow, yet/it will come: tlie readiness is all. Since no ntnn oC aught lie leaves kuows, what is't to leave betimes ?" No one would be foolish enough to deny Mr.. Fairclough the possession of considerable intelligence, and to allow him to rank as a very fair actor, and eveu to represent Hamlet in a creditable manner ; but to speak of him us a great actor or one capable of realising one's notion of Ehakspore's grand conceptions would be exaggera tion. His powers are far above what we are fre quently treated to, and after the taste of his quality he has already given us, T have no hesitation in say ing that a night spent in witnessing his different efforts during his preseut engagement will be full of interest, instruction, and pleasure. He is advertised to appear in a round of Shakspere's grand plays, and L hesitate not to say that during his short en gagement the Victoria Theatre will he an interesting, attractive, and instructive place of amusement. 