There are not many qucstioiia concerning which publicans anil teetotallers can shako hands, but there was an excellent opportunity for thoiu to have fraternised yesterday. A deputation waited upon Mr. -Lackey to pro test against tho issue of a publican'B license to the lossce of the refreshment rooms nt the .Juneo Railway Station, and there nro tnnny hotelkeepcrs who nrc ns much interested in tho question of keeping all such establish- ments strictly tcototnl as tho most ardent advocate of compulsory consumption of scald ing tea or cold wutor. Tho deputation was introduced by Mr. John Durics, but it does not appear that ho was accompanied by any of thoso Sydney landlords who do such an extensive business with departing railway travellers, who, being unable to obtain any " refreshment" 011 tho journey other than tomporance beverages, take the precau tion to lay in a stock before com mencing their journey. Tho entire removal of the restriction whioh exists at present would bo a serious loss to publicans in Sydney, and also to those who hold licenses nt tho other ends of tlio Now South Wnlos jincs of railway. . Wo would there'oro sug gest that, should another application to the Minister ho necessary, Mr. Davies and his friends should securo the co-operation of a I number of the licensed gentlemen whoso business is so greatly benefited by tho exist- I ing arraugomont, which assumes that all railway travellers in New South Wales are drunkards, and that while they are travelling for pleasure or on business they are not lit to be trusted within arm's length of anything stronger tliun gingerbeer. A few days since, when considering the Manifesto recently. issued by the Good Templars, we pointed ont how the Order damaged its cause by advocating reforms which are either altogether impractic able or practically absurd ; and this oppo sition to the issue of licenses to the lessees of the stations on the New South Wnlcs railway lines is another example of " zeal " without knowledge " on the part of the friends of total abstinence. It does them harm in two ways. In the first place, it leads to the consnmption of more spirits than would otherwise be used; and, secondly, itbrings them and their cause into ridicule, if not contempt. We have referred to the fact that travellers on the New South Wales lines provide them selves with a supply of spirits or wine before tlicy start, and were it possible to obtain par ticulars, it would most probably be ascer tained that there is a larger consumption of such refreshments 011 the New South Wales railways than on any other lines iu Aus tralia. Instead of passengers getting out once every four or five hours to " have a drink," or probably not so often nt a refreshment room, the railway carriages in this colony are trans formed into travelling tap-rooms, in which every traveller hag tho right to supply himself with whatever amount of strong drink he pleases-; andjlhc consequence is that drinking goes on all along the line, especially with those who are addicted to taking yore tlinn is good for them. The teetotallers, or whoever is responsible for the teetotal refreshment rooms, thus defeat their own object, and arc frequently the cause of annoyance to travel lers, who are obliged to put tip with the nuisance of perpetual " nipping up" by their temporary companions who are not so soberly disposed. Concerning the ridicule or con tempt which the system in vogue is calcu lated to create and foster, there can he no two opinions. Making passengers 011 the New South Wales railways teetotallers "on "compulsion" is a slur upon the people of tho c/ilanv mwl nn incnlt, 4n atrftnenra Thorn in no such a " trick upon travellers" played in any other part of the civilised world, and why should the travelling public of this colony be held up ns shocking examples of exceptional intemperance ! The logical deduction to be drawn from the existing system is, ns wc have pointed out, thai if they hnd the oppor tunity to get any drink 011 their journeys they would all be liable to get drunk, and to prevent such n terrible state of tilings the law lias to interfere. Whether the law does so interfere appears to iic uncertain. Mr. IlavioH contended yesterday that the issue of a license to tlie lessee of the .liinoe refresh ment room " constituted a breach of the " Licensing Act, and interfered with public ' rights." Hut if this is the ense why wss Mr. Lackey troubled about the matter 7 If the law bus been broken at Junce, why do those who feel aggrieved not take steps to have the illcgnl license cancelled ; nnd if police rights have been interfered with, surely tne police nuthorities can take care of themselves. It appears, however, that 111c views 01 111c 1 inn way ucpnruneni arc the Iniv of tho subject, and that the Commis sioner is its administrator. Mr. Davica said that Mr. Gooilchnp had written a letter stat ing that there was no objection on the pnrt of the Government to granting the license and that the police did not oppose it, so that the responsibility of altering or perpetuating the system rests with the heads of the Railway nnd I'olice Departments ; nnd if they have tho power to grant a license to one station, tlicy can give one to any refreshment room ill tlio colony under tho same conditions as those which were imposed upon the lessee at Juneo. lie was required to " provide " certain accommodations to fulfil the ro- " quircmcntfl of the Publicans Act nnd ns the authorities concerned have gone thus far in removing the ignominious compulsory teetotal restriction imposed upon travellers, tlicy might strain another point and license a few more refreshment stations where the accommodation docs not come up to the provisions of the Act. According to it, licensed houses must contain a certain number of bed and sitting rooms ; hut what do travellers hy trains want with such accommodation ? All they require is stand ing room at a bar or sitting-room in a mmnrnl rf>frr»Klimpnfc .innrLmnitt. ct.nv being limited to a few minutcH. iiuikl- ing hotels at railway stations is merely wasting money, nnd as Mr. Lackey very pro perly remarked, whatever accommodation is necessary should he provided hy the Govern ment. It appears that the lessee nt Junce has obtained a lenso of tho place for li years, in consideration of the improvements he has made — a monopoly which .Mr. Lackey objects to, and which should certainly not have boon granted. The lion, gentleman promised to give the representations of the deputation the fullest consideration, and that the case should lie dealt with nt once ; but in considering the matter Mr. Lackey should also consider the other side of the question, und the present is a very opportune timo to do so. The railway lineB of New South Wales are now almost, and they will soon he altogether, connected with those of Victoria, nnd it is a question for careful consideration whether tho present preposterous and per nicious restriction should be perpetuated to ttnuoy our visitors and disgrace our selves. If it is a matter of departmental regulation, ns it appears it is, there is 1111 ex cellent opportunity for Mr. Lackey to place this colony on an cqunlity with nil the other colonies, so fur as regards its character for sobriety ; nnd if the mission of Mr. Davies and his friends to the Minister yesterday leads to this result, they will linvo dono more good uian muy cuniuiiipiaicu wiiuii uicy uuieniuneu to interview Air. Lackey. The Kustern Question is of course not yet nettled. The hopes and ambitions of (lie Greeks have boon aroused by tho proceedings of the Great Powers, anil these sentiments are Imitnd to lead the Hellenic kingdom into Inking mea sures involving a re-opening of the whole ques- lion that lias ostensibly been arranged. Tliu Greeks are uot unnaturally indignant at their being abandoned at this conjuncture by the Kiiropean Governments, over whose "con- "ccrt" in relation to the extension of the Greek frontiers all the world lots lately boon called lipon to throw up their hats. What Mr. Gladstone will do in the existent cir cumstances is by no means plain. What ho ought to do, however, is not so doubtful. .Since he lias been most instrumental in raising what lie calls the Hellenic Factor in the Kastorn Question, since it is to bin; anil to Knglaud that tliu present state of things is attributable, clearly lie cannot honourably retire from the scene until somctliilur ill the nature ol' a decent arrangement has been nchiuved. It is hardly possible to conceive, indeed, that the llritish Cabinet seriously _ contemplate leaving the Kastcrn Question in the ciinotic condition in which it now stands. If they never intended to effect a complete settlement they never ought to have made the move which eventuated in the lJerlin Conference and the recent brag gadocio proceedings off tho Turkish coast. If they started with a determination to complete the 'business once for all, ns their actions and language led everybody to suppose, any altera tion of programme now must he regarded as pusillanimous and dishonourable. As for the other Powers, they have acted much as everyone, ex cept thoso who went crazy over tho so-called " Kuropeun concert, " expected they would. They have hacked out of tlio business ho moment they perceived either that nothing was to be made out of it, or that trouble in other directions would accrue. Knglanil has 11 reputation to conserve — a reputation for adhering to bar gains, whether they arc profitable or no. That implied undertaking has been entered into by the British Government to give (lie Greeks the | territory which they olaiiu is indisputable, and until that undertaking is fuiwieu me Eastern Question cannot bejooked upon as in any better case than when Mr. Gladstone and Lord Granville engaged in the Berlin business. The Magistrates at the Water Police Court yesterday refused nn application from a publican for a music license by un over whelming majority. No doubt the Justices were quite right. It was argued on desire behalf of the application that there was no instruments for the delectation of officers of inerj clmntmen. But the .Justices ndt unwarrantably considered that an important principle was in volved. Besides, even officers of inerclinntmen do not, as a rule, aspire to a taste for classical music ; and if, as was shrewdly suspected would even tuate, tlio house should degenerate into a quasi- music-liall for common sailors, there can be no telling to what depths of depravity the thing would lead. The jack-tars would no doubt wish io take their Nancy Lees with them to imbibe the voluptuous swell of this pot- house music ; and in the end we. should most pro bably have a most deplorable condition of affairs. Of course, wo do not say that under its present management much harm would accrue. The landlord of the house for which tlie license was applied for is hardly likely to jHTUlll "i «u oil v-imi- nctcr ; but then he might transfer his license ; and, moreover, if the principle was once con ceded, there would assuredly be hosts of pub licans applying for nnd obtaining permits to have music discoursed on their establishments. The more this question is thought over the plainer docs it become that tlie Magistrates are perfectly right in putting their feet down and turning their faces against the admission of music into piiblieliotises. An American authority of great eminence has laid down a doctrine which raises the fear that even the musicians would become sunk in degradation ; and if only on this account the public ought to feci grateful to the Bench for its action in this matter. Every resident within a radius of eight or ten miles of the Post Office is deeply interested in tlie future water supply to Sydney nnd suburbs. A very large sum of money is now being spent 011 the Upper Nepean scheme ; and whether it combines all the advantages that a water sendee should give, or whether it does not, the residents of the district will have to pay for it all the same. Tlie weak features in tlie scheme are, that it gives no pressure, and will not be avail able for hydraulic purposes or for tlie extinction (JJ IiriLS Wllt'II 11 im LI JHIfMClCIK .'Vtt «'UI JCiltlvin are aware, Mr. F. B. Gipps, who lias recently completed his Bttrveys, states that tlie element of pressure limy bo secured by constructing the reservoir at Kenny Hill instead of Prospect; and be contends, moreover, that the work can in: carried out for very much less than the Government scheme. It lias been urged that these statements should be subjected to tlie test of an independent examination ; anil with that object in view a deputation from the Sydney Municipal Council waited on tlie Minister for Public Works. The Minister, however, only gave a qualilied promise; and it lias since transpired that tlie gentleman whom lie hits entrusted with the task of cheeking Mr. Gipps'.s calculations is Mr. F. Stack, of tlie Harbours and Rivers De partment, who lias already reported adversely on the Kenny Hill proposal, and who cannot now find Mr. Gipps to lie correct without stultifying himself and denouncing his superior officer. In order to prevent any misunderstand ing, a preliminary meeting of those who approve of 1111 independent and unbiased report on Mr. Gipps' scheme is to lie held at half-past 4 o'clock this afternoon, at the Town Hall, when arrangements will lie made for the holding of a public meeting to enable the citizens to express The meeting between Sir Henry t'arkes and tlie Chief Secretary of Victoria 1ms, it apiiears, led to tlie discussion of sonic very important questions. Yesterday afternoon tlie Hon. .John Watson, Trea surer of New South Wales, received the following telegram from Sir Henry : — " Melbourne, Tuesday, — I have lmd a lengthened interview with Mr. I'crrv on the Chinese question, defences, interna tional questions of law, anil border duties. I have also signed a joint dispatch to the South Australian Government, asking them to join in a conference to consider the basis for nn agreement Iwtwcen tlie three colonies for . free intercourse across the borders." The agreement between tlie Government and tlie banks for the conduct of the general hanking business of the Government expires on the 31st of December next. The Government have accord ingly decided to invite tenders from tlie ditfereut banking institutions of Sydney to take up or con tinue the business for a period of live years from the 1st .hmu irv. Tenders arc to be in by tiie 3nd November, when the Government will nt once decide upon them. A large deputation waited upon the Minister for Works yesterday morning for the purpose of protesting against the action of tlie Wagga bench of magistrates, who had granted nn application for a iiotel license lo be attached to tlie railway refresh ment room at Juucc station. Mr. Lackey, having heard the arguments, commented upon tlie ex isting state of tilings aud showed how it had arisen, promising to give tlio matter his immediate atten tion. The deputation subsequently visited the nubi; ui iitv v/YMiniwii niiciv, iiunciur, they were informed that the certificate of the license laid been duly made eut and issued. Tlie resolution affecting music licenses, which was come to ut tlie meeting of magistrates tlie other day, is very obnoxious to Mr. Roberts, soli citor. In the interest of a client who lias four times applied in vniu for a music license he yes terday smartly lectured the Bench for presuming to adopt a safeguard against the revival of the wholesale vice aud immorality which some years ago was the outcome of licensed dancing nnd con cert rooms in tlie pnblichouscs of the city. Tho act, said Mr. Roberts, does not provide for a special meeting being milled for dealing with such licenses, and the Hunch, in asking to lie summoned lo attend, are biking a step in tlie direction of stilling them altogether, and thus overriding the intention of tlie Legislature. Despite, however, the vehemence of Mr. Roberts, only two magistrates out of a crowded beach voted iu his favour. Sir Henry l'arkes will nrrive in town hy special train to-morrow evening. On Thursday Sir Henry nnd Mr. Lackey will leave for the northern dis- tricts, visiting Armidale, Glen limes and other towns. Grafton may be included in these visits. At tho end of the month the i'rime Minister will fulfil his promise to meet tlie people of Orange, .Mr. Cameron, the Government Oriental inter preter, has been suspended from his otliciul duties, and called upon to show cause why he should not be dismissed the service. Tho Duke of Manchester sails to-night for New- castle, cu mule for Garrawilln, where he will he the guest of Sir l'atriek .Jennings. At Newcastle, which will be reached early to-morrow morning, his Grace will be received by some local notabili ties, |and taken to view tlie principal objects of interest in the district. During his stny in Sydney the Duke of Manchester has walked and » yiun. uwu. ivMviuuy iic lorincri one of a parly, including iiis Excellency the Governor nnd suite, who steamed in his Excellency's launch to the most attractive pnrls of the harbour nnd the l'arrnmutta liver. It is staled that the Duke is eminently delighted with what he has seen or New South Wales. A telegram from Random states that Alexander Rankin Hutchinson, who arrived there in August last, died yesterday from poison. The telegram does not slate whether tlie poison was biken wilfully or by accident. The body of a man, whose name is nt present uukuown, was found floating in the water of Dar ling Harbour, near Circular Quay, last evening, by a watermen named Charles Sniith. Information was given to the Water Police, and the remains were removed to the Circular Quay deadhouse, awaiting idenlificnt ion and inquest. Deceased was aged about lil or 00 years, 5 fcct.S inches high, dressed in a black clotti pair of trousers and vest, a dark woollen flannel, a black, white nnd yellow striped cotton shirt, white cotton socks, clastic-side boots (clumped soles, nearly new), white cotton handkerchief with a puce holder, lour large teeth on tipper left side of jaw, no teeth except one, very large, on the right side of lower jaw, mark ou left upner lip. Mr. Timks's residence nt Neutral Ray, North Shore, had a somewhat narrow escape from fire on Sunday afternoon. A quantity of brushwood was set fire to hy some person or persons, wlmevi- Gently meant mischief, hut fortunately— though at out time a serious conflagration was imminent— the mem hers of tlie local lire brigade was sjieedily in attendance, aud assisted to quell tlie (lames before any damage was done. It is to he hoped lliat those with nn inclination for the careless use of lire in the bush will remember that the coming months will render their neglect of caution par ticularly dangerous, nnd themselves liable to a heavy line or lengthened term of imprisonment. AVhen the remanded enso against William Ilarnes, who was charged witli tlie jewellery robbery from Melbourne Government House, was called on yes terday the police said they had 110 further evidence to offer, us tiio prisoner had been sent to Melbourne answer Another charge. Michael Ryan was brought up, on remand, nt the Central J'olico Court yesterday, charged with having assaulted Walter M'J.can with intent to rob him. From tlio evidence of the prosecutor, it appeared that nt about a quarter to 1 o'clock on the morning of tho previous Tuesday, he was inct nt one of the cornors of Kent iind'Liverpool streets by tho defendant, who asked him what tho time was. M iuist id the act of pulling out las watch lie was struck and knocked down by tlie defendant, but he held the latter until n constable took him in charge. As the prosecutor could not swear that the defendant attempted to rob him, the latter was convicted of assaulting, and was fined £5, with two months' imprisonment in default. Several charges of obtaining money or goods on fslse pretences have recently been brought under notice. The latest case was that in which a man named Matthew Dwyer was yesterday accused in the Central Police Court of having obtained two quarts of drink, in addition to what he consumed 011 the premises, from a publican at Pyrraont, on the false pretence that he was a brother of Detective Maguire. who, he said, was about to nrrange for his board and lodging. This was flatly denied by the detective, nntl tho defendant was committed for trial at the next Court of Quarter Sessions. Thomas Ileylan, landlord of the Friendship Inn, Bathurst-strcet, was proceeded against in tlie Central Police Court yesterday by Sub-inspector Anucrson for having sold drink within prohibited houra on the previous Sunday, nnd was fined £1. A man named Robert Wilson, who was seen leaving the same hostelry nt tlte same hour with a jug of beer in his hand, w.as similarly punished. The following casualties were attended to at Hie Sydney Infirmary during yesterday : — Albert Stul- ston (5S), residing in Queen's-placc, taken by Con stable Robbins, suffering from a punctured wound on left side of forebead, caused by falling on a bottle ; Joseph l'lunket (CO), Walker-street, taken by Constable Ayscongli, suffering from lacerated wound across back of right hand and other inju ries, caused by falling from a tram coming from Darlingliurst to Sydney. A short timo ago a young woman named Mary Ann Thompson was arrested on a charge of con cealing the birth of her male child. She bore an excellent character, nnd had been 18 months in the service of Mrs. White, wife of the secretary of the Clarence and Richmond River Steam Naviga tion Company, residing nt Bnlmnin. On the 7th instant she complained of a headache, and remained in her room until 2 o'clock, when she came down stairs and resumed her duties. Her mistress had licr suspicions, and on questioning her she con fessed to having given birth to a child, which would be found in her box. Dr. Evans, who was sent for, found the child as described lying dead in the chest, and lightly covered with clothes. Tlie young woman was taken into custody by Sergeant Boyd, who brought her before the Water Police Court yesterday. The Bench bold that the nil- mission she had so freely made to her cousin, as well ns to Mrs. White, exculpated licr from having concealed the birth. She was disclinrgcd. Some of the jewellery which was stolen from tho establishment of Mr. James M'Minn, Oxford-street, during the fire which occurred on the 10th instant, has come to light. On the same evening a man named John Smith offered one of the gold clmins for sale to his fellow-lodgers, and when lie put it up " at auction." one of them bought it for 10s, although it was worth £3. Some days afterwards Smith pledged another of the stolen guards, a gold- mounted hair albert, nt a pawn office in the city, for 2s Cd. He was subsequently arrested by Ser geant Mulqueeney, who found one of the two miss ing watches in bis ;>osscssion. The remainder of the stolen property, consisting of a watch, two rings, and twelve other watch chains, lias yet to lie recovered. The total lossto.Mr. M'Minn was £110. Smith was brought up at the Water Police Court yesterday, and remanded for a week, After several witnesses had been examined it was elicited that lie was intoxicated nt the time licsold the gold albert. Professor Hume delivered a lecture at the Tern- ;>erance Hall, last night, on " Love, Courtship aud Marriage." Tlie ball was crowded with a most intelligent audience. The lecturer introduced his subject by referring to the necessity of studying prin ciples, nnd being well acquainted with principles prior to venturing upon it. Love, he said, was universal, nnd quoted from Darwin to show that even amongst animals it was common, but to man alone did the Creator give the individual power which, lie wtis sorry to think, was so rarely used. Courtship lie called the test state or condition — cartful at this period of their lives, inasmuch as their successes depended on a wise selection. Marriage was also dealt with in a highly instruct ive manner. The professor was frequently applauded. At the conclusion of the lecture several ladies nnd gentlemen laid their heads mani pulated from the platform, all of whom admitted tho accuracy of the Professor's remarks regarding themselves. These lectures are to be continued cacli Tuesday evening. A class for phrenological instruction was instituted at the closeof what may be termed an intellectual treat, when several gentlemen registered their names. On Monday night a good audience wasattracted to the new Temperance Hall, where, under the presidency of the Hon. J. II. Wilson, tlie open zuoHthly meeting of the Psychological Society was held. An address written hy Mr. G. Lacy, atid en titled "The Evolution of tho Soul," was read by Mr. C. C'avenagh. Mr. J.auy traced the evolution of tlie Inunan species from the amorphous nebulous matter through tlie earth, tlie crystallisation of terrestrial matter, tlie plant and the animal ; anil in like manner the evolution of the soul through the motion in the nebular matter, the motion in the crystals, the Jife in the plant, and tlie life in- stinct and intelligence in the animal, until the phase of thought was arrived at. This Mr. Lacy regarded as tlie indication of individual immortality. No other method of determination, he contended, could be applied ; for it was quite impossible, if evolution were accepted, to draw n hard-and-fast line, and say " Ou this side all is immortal, and on this side none." The doctrine thus laid down lie believed to bo the noblest that could be oilcred to tumikind. for ihniirrti it. ifoniml the immortality of all, yet it declared all to 1)0 . potentially immortal ; nnd thus it offered incen tives that no other theory could give for the exer cise of nil our most exalted faculties, and tho fostering and stimulation of tho tliought-power in botli adults and children. Tlie address was wound up by an extract from Swinburne's '< Hymn ot Man," admirably recited by Mr. Cavenngli. At tlte conclusion a vote of thanks, suggested by Mr. Bright, was accorded hy acclamation. A concert in aid of the annual prize fund of the Ryde Public school was given on Friday last in St. Anne's Iiali, llyde. As the object was one of much interest to most ot the people living in and about tlio village the attendance was very lnrge. The programme, too, was attractive. Mr. and Mrs. Hunt, together with the assistant anil pupil teachers, all contributed to the entertain ment, and were nideil by Mr. Fairfax, from Sydney, tlie Ryde Glee Club and some personal friends of the teachers. Mr. Edward Terry presided, and a profit of about £10 was the result of a very phras ing entertainment. The St, Mary's annual picnic yesterday was a large affair. The scene at tho Circular Quay when tlie excursionists assembled was one of considerable gaioty. No fewer than 4000 jiersons in all attended and were conveyed to Chowder Bay in the steamers Brcadalbanc. Princess, Prince of Wales, nnd Fawn. On a trip about noon, whilst rounding Bradley's Head, the shaft of the Princess broke, and for a time she was drifting about in a listless manner ; and though signals were made to a passing steamer, tlie Royal Alfred, no notice was taken. Ultimately the Fawn went to the Princess, nnd towed her to the scene of the festivities. At Chowder Bay nil went right merrily, the pleasure-seekers entering upon the junkettiiigs in style indicating that thev were not unmindful of Solomon's dictum as to there being " a time for all things." St. David's annual excursion to Clontarf yester day was a very pleasant affair. The weather was as tine as could have been desired, and the attend ance was consequently large. At nn early hour steamers commenced leaving Circular Quay and Woolloomooloo Bay ; and from o to (1 o'clock iri the afternoon they returned freighted with excur sionists, who hud evidently enjoyed themselves. The celebration of tlie anniversary was generally regarded as a very great success ; and this was no doubt attributable, in a largo degree, to the care which lind been tuken with regard to the nrtatree- meats. 0 The 'JhUerJicUl Star slates that tlte inquiry into the charge of robbing tlie Quirindi branch of the Commercial Bank against the man Lovely Riley who, it will be remembered, was arrested ntDalby' Queensland, some time ago, was couitneuccil on Monday, 11th instant, at Guiineilab. A consider able number of lyitnesses from Quirindi were examined, their evidence going to show that prisoner was 111 Quirindi ntilie time of tlio robbery Mrs. Allan was able to, identify prisoner as tho" shorter of the two, meq who stuck the hank up particularly by n scar- on ope side ot his face, and' otherwise generally. Tho further hearing stands adjourned for a week to procure witnesses from iiiu jjirauuuii wno is about 27 years of age, is rather projiosscssing iu appearance. The Coohtoivn Ilcvahl, writing upon the request ? / ",l? fIon- Jo'ln Douglas, for a grant of £.>000 for the purposes of subsidising n bacon fac tory, says that droves of pigs could ho fed und fat tened on the banks of the Endeavour nml other localities in the vicinity of Cooktown, and that we can produce as good and cheaper bacon and hams, n e have pig-weed anil other favourite and fatten-, nig herbs, we have wild chestnuts in abmvdauee and wo grow such corn us is required fur pig feed at a trifling cost. The climate is eertqiuly against the curer, but it would be passible ta regidato .tho temperature by hnving the curing and smoking establishment partyally outlet ground, with n small refrigerating engino to supply blasts of cold ioy air. q lien, if wo started n joint-stock company, and secured tlio services of nn experienced etirer, wo could always depend not only on n good cxpors demand for a good article, but also upon a good supply of nuimals from the farmers nnd settlers ; and we believe it would prove un excellent invest ment botli for tho individual shareholders and for the whole community. Twenty years ngo Yio- toriun bacon and hams could not bo sold a( any price ; now tho English hams aqd bacon have been fairly driven out of the market, Wiiofi the Sowta, Orient liner, w«r wrecked. some time ago (says tlie Machay Free 1'rm) I amongst the passengers was a little girl, three years S: old, in charge of her grandmother, destined for Mackay. The two persons survived tlie dangers of tlie wreck and reached the shore safely, but the I fright consequent upon sucli a terrible event threw I the aged custodian of the little child upon a death- I bed. The grandmother died a few days after being I saved from the deep, without placing licr precious I and devoted charge in the arms of her children in I Mackay. Tbe old lady undertook the task in I Denmark, and after nearly fulfilling it, it was hard I after enduring so many dangers, to die amnnen I strangers in a strange land. Tlie little girl? a I plump nnd rosy child, became alone. The father I fortunately heard of his mother's death, and wired I to send his child on, and, thanks to kind hearts and hands, his daughter nrrived in good health hy I tlie Wentworth last Tuesday. The joy rif I the household may be imagined : but the HiiM. I after two years' separation, did not know I lier father. But we arc pleased to hear tint I little Miss Veel is all right in her own home at I last. The Age reports that the annual sermon in connection witli tlie Congregational Union and I Mission wns pleached on Wednesday night, in the I Collins-street independent Church, hy the Rev. I Samuel HcbditcU, before a huge audience. The I rev. gentleman chose for his text the First Epistle I lo St. John, v. 10. He delivered an eloquent dis- I course, in whicli he regretfully alluded to the I scepticism ol luc age. 1 1 1: poiiucu out. mat tnerc were many great truths that carried with them the I evidence of their verity. We needed no record I to tell us that God had placed the sun in our sv-- I tcm, for evidence of the fact and the fact went to- I gcther. So too the great truths of religion were re- vealed to us by ' tlie record that God gave hit Son," nnd as wc were not left without a wit- I ness we were left without excuse. During the I delivery of the sermon Mr. Hcbditch read ver.es I six and eight of tlie chapter from, which he had I quoted his text. " You will observe," be said I " that I have omitted verse seven. You will hardly | be startled nt my doing so, for it is now generally acknowledged that it is spurious." Tlie "word? of the seventh verse are : — " For there arc three that bear record in Heaven, the Father, tlie Word and I the Holy Ghost, and these three are one." The I fact thus mentioned hnd long been known to I scholars, but nt the present time the British and Foreign Bible Society print and publish the verse I without note or comment, audit goes forth lo the H unlettered public as part of a divinely inspired l: work. We have received a copy of the Australian edition H of the " American Exporter." B A special general meeting of tho .Sydney Meat H Preserving Company takes place at uooii to-ilay, fur B the purpose of continuing resolutions authorising au E increase of the company's capital. B An Alliance mcetimf occur thi nrctiiiuf nt Fun H Temperance HnlL H A special general meeting of the local Scandinavian B Society is fixed for tbia evening at 8. B Alderman Stanley addre.ces the Ucdforn electors to-morrow, and at the Alexandria Hotel, thi evening B at 8. B The (Newtown) friend of Mr. John Young meet B at thello.ee of Australia Hotel at 8 to-night. B The United Insurance Company meet at 11 this B forenoon. E Tho New South Wale National Hcgatu Committee I assemble at tho Exchange Hotel to-morrow at «, B The V. and O. flteam.lnj> ItoMetta, which will Lave B Sydney on November 20, i announced to proceed to B London, via Bombay, calling at Southampton to land B passengers. B 