Brevities'. A 67oz nugget has been nneartheS at Temora. A saroastio simile s '? As clear as Temora water.^ A gTand fancy dross ball iB shortly lo take plaoff ?; at Orangs. . _ . Viotona ib nothing if not sensational. They have . a ghost on hand now. , , . . The early proapi-ot of a railway has made thoi Mndgee people jubilant. The Borry Government is going in for lioavy *?? lenchments in the pnbhc service. The oooper's picnio will taka place on tlio 6th of , Septembor, not the 8th, as previously stated. Tho valno of exports from the port of Sydney, . from August 9 to 14 inclusive, amounted t»= £122,262. Judging from tbe low pressure of tho Gcorgestreefc hydrant cervices, it is presumed wator is scarce at); the Botany Bwamps. Mr. Alderman J. C. Stewart, of Melbourne, wa» introdnced in tho City Council yosteiday afternoon . by his Worship tho Mayor. Tho t trornment have granted oscursion fares foiM tlio B a .jjicong Pastoral nnd Agricultural Show, to ' be held at Young, on Wednesday next. Edmund Cathele, a porter in too employ of Eiley : Brothers, for stealing a jacket, value 40s, from the firm, waB fined 28s, or four days' imprisonment. It is a fair inference to draw from the crowded , attendances at Mr. Proctor's lectures on the sun than a good number of Sydney peoplo are enn- strnck. At tho Central Police Conrt this morning Peter Cnaningham was sentenced to n month's imprison ment for otoaling £1 lGd from u woman in Pitt street. The Good Templars, under tho original E.W.G. Lodgo, ere at work. Two lecturers are in tho Ik-ic, and 10 new lodges wore organised during the i,_st month. a Thio ie from the Temora Teleqeaph ;— A certain M.P. in Victoria recently lold his medicp.1 adviser that he ntvor had & bath i'u hi a life. Thio is the kind Eetnrn of produce rocoived i: '.. Redfern station, per rail, for the week ending Arp-.i'.i 19 :— 149 kegs 81 cnoei butter, 23 caseB oncost . li'J pt.-ek.ices baoon, 170 caeee csks. The Bi:rrum railway prcjuci of Sir. Hurley, IiT.L.A. (Hartley), for opming up coal mines near Maryborough, is received with \ci-y ijeaeial approval in Queensland. At Eilmore railway stf .fciou, Violorir., an appari tion, resembling tho orthodox rhor.t, eppcared on several occasions, and has boen fired at Eevoral times withont effect. We understand t'.-.at. Mr. J. G. O'Connor hat ra ccivod a numerously signed requisition asking him to stand for the Wollomhi ckrLorstu, and is likely to como forward. A one-handed nan at Timo:u (Jf.Z.) named Wil liam Charters was ordered to pay .£20 for celling a; hare and oook pheannnt withont, being licnnEcd. The alternative was gaol for 24hours. Tho hearing ot the petition of J. Shepherd, for the . oompulsory BCqneBtrition of tho estate of G. It. Dibbs, was ogain proceeded with in tbo Insolvency Conrt yesterday, and further a^jourstu till Tuesday nest. A good deal of sickness prevails in Sydney, and tho doctors' hands arc .'nil. Tue prevailing nn healthineBs is probably duo to tho unseasonable ? weather that we havu hail, and tlio continued ab&endo; of rain. Messrs. Charles Carman nnd Thomas Butler, two gGntlcmfn of capital and experience, are pro&peoting; tho Bathurit Common for that evcr- faeoinatingmetal, gold, and have bo far succeeded in receiving enoou rapemerK. for thoir enterprise. Eotnrn of prodnco rooeivod at Dai ling Harbour station, per rail, fortne week ruding Angnst 10: — 115 baga wheat. 700 bags flour, d liars maize, 873 bags potatoes, 90 begs bi'an,129trcckehay,12truoka chaff, 174 boles wool, 19G bandies ebcejieliins. Residents of liny-street, Globe, complain of tho transit commissioners having altered the route of tho Globo 'bases, thereby causing ti^ni much celay and tronblo in reaching Sydney. A petition on the sub ject to the transit office is sr.id to have been ig It is remarkokje how Sydney people will come ont for amusement* '.. hfln there is anything worth seeing or hearing. Last right Proctor's lecture was crammed, tho Theatre Eoyal crowded in every part, Ketten had a good audience, and the Queen's Theatre was well attended. The following gentlemen were elected to their respective positions in the No. S Star Bowketb Building Sooiofcy last night :— Trustees, Messrs. J, C. Benre. S. E. Lees, and James Horan; directors,, Messrs. C. H. E. Bracken, Charlea Cowles, John} Edgley, and J. H. Daviein auditors, Messrs. JL W. S. Gregg and W. L. DBvis ; surveyor, Mr. J. JEJ Browne; solicitor, Mr. Goorge Evans; seoratary.; Mr. William J. Clarke, withont opposition. The! first meeting for tbe receipt of subscriptions iraai filed for Tuesday, September 7. Yesterday evening, J. Campbell, EBq., JP.A*,. (under tho anBpiccB of tho St. Miohael's Yoiad Men's Mutual Improvement Society) deliversd aj most interesting and instructive lecture in St. Michael's schoolroom. Mr. T. Moore occupied the' chair. Tho snbject of tho lenture was 'Tho: Wonders of New Zealand,' and the audienoe seemspd thoroughly to appreciate it. The evening was. everything that could be desired, and the attend anco was very good. Mr. Campbell pave a glowing description of some of the mofct wonderful portions of this interesting country, including the well- known Hot Sprisg, and also of the habits and manners of its inhabitants. A vote of thanks was then aooorded by one of the members to Mr. Campbell, who re plied in suitable terrua. Tho meeting oloeed'by sing ing tho Doxology. 