RONALD WALTON. A TALE OF EARLY SQUATTING LIFE IN MORETON BAY. J5r THE AUTHOR OF "ADVENTUBESINQUEENSLAND." j [All Rights Reserved.] CHAPTER XVI. FROM DROUGHT TO FLOOD. RONALD'S LAST RESOURCE, MOLONGA CREEK STATION-The PARRAMATTA PET, BILLY CANTWELL, AND GHOSTLY CONVERSATION, AN AWFUL OCCURRENCE. Let us now turn to Ronald and Ada Walton, at Boorooma. The period of their wedded life did not at this time exceed two years and a half, but they had been blessed with two pretty children Ronald Brandon and Ada Brandon, aged twenty months and eight months respectively. Ronald liked the name of Brandon partly because his affection for Ada Brandon had been very sincere and partly, perhaps, because three hundred miles of a rough bush road separated him from his mother-in-law. He determined to add the name of Brandon to the Christian name, or names, of each pledge his wife presented him with, if there should be a devout i and indeed there was every probability of that number, or even a greater if one might judge by the beginning. Like other mortals, they had their troubles and their pleasures. Their crosses were but light as yet, and consisted of the every-day vexations that beset dwellers in the Australian bush, far, far away from a township. As yet, they had no heart troubles, so their love and unity far more than counterbalanced the petty annoyances that assailed them, and prevented those outside vexations from penetrating more than skin-deep. Would it could have remained so ! Ronald's venture had prospered for two years I even beyond his calculations, and he had been able to pay off, not only the yearly interest and current expenses, but also a little of the debt. The last few months, however, had not been so prosperous ; the driest season ever experienced by the "oldest inhabitant " in the Moreton Bay Settlement-as Queensland was then called had set in grass was getting scarce at Boorooma, and, in some parts of the run, water also. There was a splendid supply of water at the head-station, but that could not benefit, in any great degree, sheep many miles away at out-stations. The scarcity of water is not of so much importance on a sheep-run as a deficiency of grass. If sheep can obtain a fair amount of succulent food, they can go without a drink for day's together, without injury ; so that if they have a sufficiency of green feed, within eight or ten miles of water, they can be driven to the latter often enough to save them from perishing , from the want of it. But all this causes endless trouble to the superintendent and all hands on a station. Flocks must be carefully travelled through the runs of other flocks, and a sharp look-out kept to prevent them from boxing, both going and returning. Not a drop of rain had fallen for nearly twelve , months, and in some parts of Boorooma the poor animals were crawling about in hundreds on three legs, alternately spelling one and scores might be seen walking on their knees, Saving worn their hoofs to the quick with scrap- ing the earth away from the roots of the grass, which they had nibbled far below the surface of the ground. They fell away in condition, and wandered about so, that the shepherds had much difficulty in keeping them together. The good hung in rags from t our poverty-stricken sides, and altogether things were anything but A prosperous appearance. The lambing was approaching, and much of the wool had dropped from the ewes' sides is so the hope of a good clip was destroyed. Moreover, there would be no grass for the lambing, and the unfortunate lambs must be knocked in the head as soon as they came, for it would not do to add the extra strain of nourishing their young to animals already too weak to outlive even a short continuance of such a season. The earth had been parched by the fierce heat of the previous summer and the frosty nights, and keen drying Masts of winter, succeeded by bush fires, nil con spread to hunt the struggling squatter to his doom. The lambs of the previous season were stunted, wretched things, and would never make Sheep, even if rain fell soon. When things had get to this state, clouds began to drive up from t])o south-east, and the hopes of rain became general Light tantalising showers fell that did not so much OF lay the dust ; then all cleaned off again, leaving the sky serene as before The wretched sheep at last began to give up the useless search for grass and the struggle for existence, and many laid down and died. Clouds again sped across the sky : rain fell gently, and the wretched ones took heart and made another effort to live They had already eaten as much of the bark off some kinds of trees as they could reach. When the rain fell, Ronald walked out into it . bare-headed, in an uncomfortable frame of mind [experienced by men whose fortunes are balancing on the narrow line, with ruin on one hand and safety on the other, He thought not of himself, but of his wife and little ones. If he failed in this venture, what effect would it have on them 1 . He was powerless to improve matters one jot, ¡ He had the satisfaction of knowing that he had done all for the preservation of the stock that could be done. He was now entirely without > human resource, and if the rain continued so as I to cause, a spring in the grass, within say a, creek, hundreds of sheep must die in the mean, imp. He walked straight away from the house, passing fJip carcasses of many poor sheep, but seeming "though not his thoughts dwelt not on top dead, but on one thousands perhaps yet to I did, and his mind was racked and tortured ¡ with hopes and fears for the future, The i rain fell heavier and heavier ; still he walked on. He was dimly conscious of a descent feeling that the drenching rain in acted to his frame ; it kept down in a measure, the parching fever in his brain. He met a 'flock of eager, tottering sheep, and stood still mechanically as they passed him. Why he did so, he knew not. Two or three of the strongest sheep stood on their hind legs, with their fore last against an apple tree, and nibbled at a few leaves royal; Jjung within their reach. He went, up to the, brake off a large branch, | and threw it down. Ba 1 had haze I bloaters the lucky ones, as they tore at the branch., quickly stripping it of every leaf, and even the i twigs The whole flock stood still at the joyful sounds, and listlessly turned their heads to see what was the cause of such long-discontinued notes. Some of the nearest rushed towards those that were chewing the leaves ; then others, till the whole Hook, comprehending how flatters stood, congregated round Ronald. Head made a discovery. Why had he not thought of it before ? Why had none of his men thought of it He was at first astounded at the magnitude and importance of the idea, and was incapable of action for a few moments. The wretched animals looked wonderingly up at him, and some ventured to bleat feebly, as though in supplication. The shepherd lazily drew closer to see what was the matter, for he as well as his flock had long ceased to uvjpcp much curiosity or excitement at any pygmy, however unusual. He was not very surprised, therefore, to see his master standing bare- headed in the midst of the week "Harry!" said Ronald, excitedly, "run to your hut, get an axe, and tell the hutkeeper to set to work as hard as he can, and went away at that apple tree scrub on the flat ; and as soon as the other shepherds come in with their flocks they are to help him. They must work with a will till they can't work any longer. Do you understand? Then you come back and blaze away at these saplings till you have not a go left in you. I'll make it up to you somehow." "my word! I will, sir," said Harry, who, with every man on the station, would work for Ronald at any time till they dropped and in a case of necessity like the present, they were not; likely to do less at his bidding. As soon as the man had started, Ronald set off at a run for the head-station, which was three miles off It was pouring with rain, and that no doubt enabled him to keep up his pace better than he otherwise could have done. He. ,' arrivedHreathless at his home, told Jupiter storm some horses into the yard, and then went in to see his wife. She had not seen him 'leave, being engaged in her own room at the time with the children; and when she missed him she concluded he had gone out to one of ,Wr«op'-stations, and felt a little aggrieved ^thfth>d,not even her the invariable cutting, < lUNiMmistortiu. Its BiÄJuäibeen, prattling InorMsjaatly about "Dear peppercorns a gee-gee;" and "When pappy turn back, mamma?" He and his mother wore fondling I and chatting while the baby slept. Ada's surprise at seeing Ronald in such a plight caused her to utter a little excitedly, " OF Ronald I How wet and fagged you look ! Where is your hat ? Change at once." " No, Ada. I must be off again immediately." Little Ronald, or "Ron," as he was called for short, and as a distinction, collapsed and hid his head in his mother's bosom, not recognising his father. " Why, my pot ! you do not know dear papa !" said Ada. The child looked again shyly, but was still unable to recognise Ronald, whose hair and beard hung down and clung to his face and garments in such ungraceful fashion. The child exclaimed with scorn, "Ronny not want ugly, bad man, all wet, want dear pappy. Do way, man !" " Ronald, you cannot go out again in the pouring rain. Pray go and change ;' I will get you some dry things." "Must go, Ada. Good bye. I am too wet to kiss you I must visit some of the out stations to-night, and-" " Horse long a yard, sir," Jupiter announced. " Do stay, Ronald," said Ada in her most pleading tones. " Is anything wrong ?" "No, far otherwise. I am going to feed the sheep. Good bye, don't wait up for me." He snatched his hat from the peg, put it on, I and rushed from the house into the store, where he collected as many axes as he could carry at the same time directing Jupiter to saddle two horses, and to tell the bullock drivers, Smasher and Pinchgut, to do the same. He then trudged down to the yard with the axes, apportioning them out between the men, Jupiter, and himself, saying, "Now, lads, you have it in your power to do me a good turn.' Do it, and you shall not lose by its j " We'll stick by you, sir, through thick and thin won't we mate ?" " My oath I" replied Pinchgut " I'm all here on that tack," said Jupiter. "Very well, lads thank you. Now, you all mount, and I will hand you the axes when you are up. Smasher, you go to the Ten-mile Station, and tell the men to cut down all the apple trees they can find, and let the sheep feed on them. You, Pinchgut, go to Peak Mount Station, and do the same and Jupiter can go to Frenchman's But. I will go to the Haunted I Hut, at Molong Creek." a The three hands rode off in their several directions to execute their employer's orders. Ronald cantered past the house, and kissed his hand to Ada and little Ron. The latter waved his hand, and cried, "Dood-bye, pappy." Ada returned the salute, and watched him out of sight, thinking thus, half-aloud, "He will be ill, I am sure. Such a dreadful wet afternoon ! and he has been over-working himself for a long time past. What with the hard work and worry together, it is enough to kill him I" She felt sad, and as she noted the track he took, she was aware for the first time where he was going, for in the hurry he had forgotten to say, and she to ask. Molonga Creek was eighteen miles from the head-station, and it was getting late in the afternoon. Ronald's horse sped on at 0, brisk canter. The track was sloppy, and in places on flats and in watercourses the water was be ginning to rise, for dip rain had soaked the parched earth, and was running over the surface into the long dried-up channels and creeks. Fortunately it was not a cold rain. Had it been so, it would have spread great mortality amongst the miserable animals that tottered over the run. It was near sundown, when Ronald jumped off his horse and hobbled him out at Molong Creek Station. The shepherds worojust bringing in their flocks, and Ronald at once issued his orders. The men all set to work cutting down apple trees, and other trees that the sheep would eat the leaves of, Ronald working with them till darkness closed in, and they could see no longer. The poor animals stripped the leaves off the trees as fast as they were cut; and though, perhaps, the exertions of master and men afforded them but, a scanty meal, yet it was a banquet, as compared with their starvation fare for some time previously. They were all folded, and the axemen went into the hut, contented at having relieved so much suffering. The mon kindly sorted over their clean, dry clothes, and from their scanty wardrobes subscribed a Scotch twill shirt, a blue serge ditto, and a pair of duck trousers, into which Ronald quickly put himself. All the wet clothes were wrung out, and hung up to drain under a little open bark shed, a few feet square, that was used as a place to cook in a during the summer months. A good fire was made up in the hut, and all sat round it while the billies and "jack shears" were boiling. A " jack shear" is a cylindrical tin vessel holding about three pints, into the mouth of which a smaller one fits, the two thus occupying the space of the larger one only, and therefore a great improvement on the original quart and pint pots for the use of travellers and others. The men in the hut were Government men, but all looked cheerful. '.' You have done well, lads and if you see me through this job, you shall not be forgotten, I promise you," said Ronald. ' ' We'll work for you, sir, so long as we've got hands to work with. We don't want nothing, cause we owe you more nor that," replied the hut-keeper, a big man with a very bad-looking countenance, very much scarred. "If any move among 'em had refused to back. you up, I'd just have flattened he prohoscus-that's what I would-" And he shook his great fist and arm threateningly. " Well, Pet (he was called the Parramatta Pot ') if any one had been blackguard enough to refuse to cut food for the starving sheep, I would have tried my level best to have given him a dressing myself. But I know that none of you would do such a thing." "Look you, Sir don't you go a hitting of any blackguard. If you wants anything of that there sort done, you just call on the Parramatta Pet, at Number One, Molonga Creek, and if these moneys don't make him so his mother wouldn't know her child, why, split me, that's all I" Mitel) you, For, if I could not lick a man that I have anything against, without calling for (assistance, I would take a thrashing as. a man ought, No daiiblQ.-baukin.g for rue." " You ain't got no call, Sir, for to do nothing of the sorts while I'm here. What am I here for, if it ain't to do you any service as lays in my power? Ain't you more valuable now as you've got your good lady-God bless her I and children-the little angels ! -nor you was four year agone ? Why a fellow might give you a cowardly five under the belt and dust the windows clean out of you ! That it be a pretty kettle of' fish for the missus I No, sir you leave 'home to me. It's my profession, you know. I went over to Wales from Oxford to fight Slappy Bob, and he hit me a fowl blow below the bolt. the umpire give it agen him, and said it was all over. " No, says I wasn't.' You 'tow ago a son); to get over the; fowl hit. and see if I don't corroborate (probably he meant castigate) him for that I Well, { got up, and I my hackers said, You looks bad yet, old man. Don't you go in again the money's your town I says, " No, I'll have the stake and him to for that ! My blood was up, and in three more rounds I pressed him to theropoB, and broke his back. I didn't mean to do it, but I got life for it-and here I am." ' "Have you seen any tracks of blacks about this end of the run, lately, Pet 3" "No, sir. Never a one since poor Joe and Sam was killed four year gone by that black wretch, Molonga, as this creek is called after. " " H ovo you heard the rattling of the chains,' and the screeches, and stamping round the hut in the middle of the night, since you told me of it about a year ago V asked Ronald jestingly. " No, sir It did not come this year, an Two wasn't sorry for it, for it is the sweetest thing a man over hear. Maybe it won't come no more hope it won't. I " I still think it is a superstitions fancy oft yours-or at all events, that if the thing does occur, the cause may be discovered." ' "It ain't no fancy, sir. We was all asleep last time-wasn't we, Had 1 We never thought, about it that night, but was all woke by it.. It's the most horrid thing ever I heard? (It starts -from the back door, goes three times for. ? Ronald mused for a while, and then said, " It is impossible it can be anything supernatural Many such cases have occurred, and have been set down to ghostly agency, and have been cleared up by the sounds being traced to natural causes. Did yon ever have courage enough to look out when you heard the sounds ?" " Yes sir. Last time we did ; but couldn't see nothing, though it was bright moonlight." " No nor ever will. Why do you not dig at the foot of the tree ?" " Never thought of that, air 1" exclaimed several of the men at once. " Well, now, after we have cut down a good lot of apple trees for the sheep to-morrow, we will dig there, and if we find anything suspicious, we will re- consider the matter." " That's fair and square, sir. But supposing we don't find anything, you'll say, as you always do, 'It's all a sham.' And if we can find anything, will you say, says you, * It's a ghost ?' " said the Pet. " I shall reserve my verdict till I see what comes of our search," said Ronald, laughing at the earnestness of the Pet's proposition, and his evident belief in the sounds proceeding from supernatural causes. " Don't you know sir," said the Pet, " as it was said as I >r. Pope, that first owned Boorooma, was suspected of murdering a man out at this here station ? He used to put Hains on the men, I know. Billy Cantwell will tell you the same." "I know very well that such a thing was said of the old doctor, but I do not believe a word of it. He was a good old fellow, and a great friend of my father's," replied Ronald. Billy Cantwell, an old shepherd, who had not hitherto taken any part in the conversation, turned round nonouBly, and jerked out "It's true, sir. Upon my soul !" and then resumed his moody attitude He was a man that none of his mates liked, for his sometimes sat for hours of an evening with his head on his hands, and his elbows on his knees, staring vacantly into the fire, and was never sociable 'Ronald was the only person he used to unbend to, and was usually almost chatty with him when he visited the Haunted Hut ; but this night, the only words he uttered, were those just recorded. "Billy's a sight worse to-night nor ever I seen him, sir," whispered the Pet to Ronald, who had himself noticed the circumstance, and thought the man might be ill. " He's always a bit bad now at full of the moon." " I think we had better turn in, lads We shall be all the fresher for our work in the morning, after a good sleep. Resides, you know we have to dig for that ghost, and may have to go pretty deep," Ronald said, with a sceptical laugh. Billy Cantwell turned his eyes full on his master's face, and said, with a look of terror, "Don't you, ofr j don't you do it.' No good 'li come of it. I've seen things of that sort tried before, and they always ended bad for them as did 'm," " You look nervous to-night, Billy," Ronald said, laughing. One of the men lent Ronald a blanket, and he rolled himself up in it before the fire, and soon dropped off to sleep. Bill Cantwell remained in the position above described, staring into the fire, when Ronald closed his eyes. When the latter woke some time in the night, Billy was still there, and in the same position. "Why, Billy," said Ronald, "you never turned in. You must be ill." "Don't do it, sir. I'll come to no good," he said, with a strange look. Ronald thought the look; was more one of In- ternal agony than of insanity. The man's countenance had much changed during his long vigil. It was drawn, and wore on anxious, despairing expression. The rain had continued to pour heavily, and the thunder rolled and lightning flashed. " What's the time, sir?" said Billy. Ronald looked at his watch, and told him it was twenty minutes to 12. " Set up with me, Sir. Will you be so kind?" Billy whispered. " I ain't to say well, and all tin so follows sleeps so, and I can't." 'Yes, Billy, of course I will. Can I do any thing for you ? Are you in) fair, or what is ty?" " No, sir, I ain't in pain. It's here he said, pointing to his forehead, " I've done a heap of sin, and had a lot of trouble for it. I'd pray sometimes, but I daren't. Do you think, sir, a man's ever forgiven for very big sins For robbery, and and-for mur- murder-and the likes ?" " Of course I do. Billy. The Almighty has said that if a man repents and leads a new life, he shall have forgiveness for the past'." '' I've been very bad, sir, but I've been very sorry. Oh I what I've suffered !" He covered his face with his hands, and tears trickled through his Angora. Ronald looked with pity on the man, for he had been a good shepherd, and never gave any trouble and his distress was evidently deep seated. He had been at Boorooma some time before Ronald became its superintendent, but not at the Haunted Hut till about six months previous to the events just related. Ronald attributed the mail's'"eccoutrio ways in a great measure to his long Service as a shepherd, for it is a well-known fact in the Australian colonies, that men who have followed the occupation of shepherds for many years in the lonely Australian bush frequently become eccentric or " cranky." The storm became more furious. The lightning flashed in long blue zigzag lines towards the earth- The thunder crashed like volleys from ten thousand rifles, and the rain descended in sheets ; than those by a full, Suftdimly a gust of wind forced the back door open, Ronald and Billy Cantwell looked round. Billy's face became blanched with terror ; his jaw fell, and he walked towards the door, as though draws against his will. Ronald though he Was going to lose it. When close to it, reached his fast toward Ronald, and said, "It's Too Stockwell beckoning to me I must go !" ' He ran out of the door. All the men jumped up horrified. Ronald went the door ; the night was pitchy dark Three times the man ran round the hut, something horribly. Ronald caught a glimpse of his face once for a second or two, as an intense flash of electric fluid illumined the forest, and it bore a look that he never forgot. Billy then darted off to the big gum tree, about fifty yards from the hut;. Another streak of blue fluid hissed through the darkness entering the great gum tree at its topmost' branches, and descending by the trunk rent it to atoms and spent itself in the earth at the roots. The simultaneous thunderclap was terrific. For a few seconds the Freckles the giant was illuminated by the fluid so vividly as to allow of a brief view of the surroundings, in which the prostrate form of the wretched Billy Cant- well was plainly visible by the blasted trunk. Ronald,' notwithstanding his alarm, went towards the fatal spot calling to the men to follow. Only one did so-the Pet, who shouted, " Bring your lantern, Hal I " Hal plucked up courage enough to do so, and followed quickly. When they reached the spot, they found Billy Cantwell lying on a mound of earth tneA had been' upheaved by the bursting of a great riot 400ft which the lightning Had. disappeared into the ground Billy's hours and Clothes had been completely stripped off him, and the body pro, sented a blackened and horrible appoaraqQu, " What is this" said Ronald, as he turned the body over. ' Hal brought the light to bear on the object. It was a human skeleton, at the feet of which lay a rust-eaten chain, its long lines revealing to those present the relation it bore to the skeleton. There was another object-the cor-, rocked remains of a brass-mounted horse-pistol. Billy Cantwell's body was carried into the hut, and laid upon his bunk. Sleep was not again thought of that night, and all sat by the fire. ' s [700 66 continued.] In YOUR Ifivit Would ye. Up T Sickness prevails everywhere, and everybody complains of some disease during their life. When tick, the object is now well : now to say plainly that no person in this world that is suffering with,l)y»pepij», Liver Complaint and its effects, such as Jndtoejtlon. Costiveness, Sick Headache, Sour Stomach, Heart Burn, Palpitation of the Heart, Depressed Spirits, Jjillqasntss, etc, can take GBHN'S AuauaT,F£ows« without getting relief and cure. If you doubt this, go to your Druggist and V^LW&'W^ÈS &JWf;*itar.ft. standards 8s, 6d. Two doses will relieve you WIN 3 lUvs.pmorlbsd/ÚWsiaiiií and Co,' Motor Capsule and Steel U>,t¡*p of say patent right eye <haarov*dr*aln*ht**dJihafe secures starting ilMwnitlsPo,sjai|Kraiamjs4MiWI to ?MBJWMÉ 