THE MODEL PUBLIC SCHOOL. The annual exhibition of the model Public school, Fort-street, was held yesterday. The school, which justly holds a leading place, took so prominent a part in being represented in depart- ments of tine arts at the International Exhibition that the display of tlie present occasion hud to be postponed from Christmas, t lie usual time for making it. Tlie longer time thus given for pre paration was amply availed of tooutdo all previous demonstrations of tlie kind, for which this large and excellent school is famous. It was a great success in every respect, Tlie friends of tlie pupils, who were specially invited, found tlie large school room too small to contain them. The doors, and even the windows, were thronged by those eager to wi tness the training which did so much credit to both tlie pupils mid their teachers. The room was taste fully decorated with flowers, wreaths and foliage. A short but well-arranged and admirably rendered conccrl was lirsl given, both tlie part songs and choruses being given with charming precision and effect. C'alisthenic exercises wore then gone through by a number of young ladies, under the direction of their instructor, Lieutenant \V. P. Mulliollaucl, with a graceful ease and proficiency which showed flic solid accomplishment of physical development lo the best advantage, The story of " Laying the Ghost, or Kitty's Kosolve," ns written by Mr. 15. L. Scott, was then told by a number of tlie pupils, who, with commendable dramatic taste anil agreeable elocution, essayed tlie parts as signed them. They all acted with spirit and naiur.ilness, sustaining tlie interest of tlie ad miring audience in tlie fortunes of the wronged factory girl until poelical justice was done, and all ended happily amid the strains of a jubilee song, composed by Mr. J. C. Fisher, and sung by tlie whole school. The prizes having been distri buted by Mr. Wilkins, an interesting ceremony, showing the happy relations between (lie pupils and their teachers, took place. On behalf of tlie school, Miss Annie Martin and Miss Annie Mackin tosh presented lo Mrs. Atlingliam, the head mis tress, a gold brooch a id earrings, accompanied by tin 'iilfll'BCO f'tmvstiivn r.f llioii' COTIC1I r»P ilwt kindness, gentleness and earnestness displayed by licr, aud trusting that she would be long spared to till the position she now occupied as their guide aud instructress. To Mrs. Dudley, head teacher, was presented by Miss Edith Wollsnud Miss Lizzie Pool man, on behalf of llicir scliool-feilows, a silver gilt inkstand aud saltcellar, asking her acceptance of these presents as a token of their affection aud appreciation of lior efforts for their advancement. The friends now visited tlie boys' schoolroom, whieh presented the appearance of a beautiful bazaar and picture gallery, as the repository of the skill, handicraft and artistic gifts of the pupils, both boys aud girls. The walls were richly blazoned with pictures, and tlie tables, thickly clustered, were buried beneath a wealth of feminine draperies; useful, ornamental aiul mysterious, which would delight tlie the eyes of a Parisian modiste, and lustrously deck I he femaloform divine. The school is already famous for the number of art prizcB obtained nt the Great Exhibition, but space forbids 'that! notieo whiuli the merits of many of the pictures, specimens of illumination, ornamental printing, -See., deserve, and which show that not only is tlie school prolific in most promising talent, hut that Mr. W. II. Johnson, tlie head master, and liis assistant, Mr. Nolnn, are tho best of drawing's masters. Tlie needlework in every department was beyond all praise, and its infinite , variety puzzlos tho masculine will. The girls begin to use the needle at seven years old, and under the able tuition of Mrs. ' Dudley, go by easy stages through - nil the deepen ing intricacies of tiio sewing art from plain hem ming to embossing, embroidery nml woolwork, so that when they finally leave school . they are competent to earn their own living by Avliat she lias been at such pains lo teach them. The crown ing triumph of the room was a magnificent wool work picture, depicting a scone from King Henry VI II., Act 1, worked with incredible patient and intelligent labour by Miss KditlrJmie Wells, ouc of the chief prize-takers, -llut other handsome exhibits arc well worthy of notice, and betoken in many cases n special aplUude for tho arrangement of colours for dressmaking and for the designing and making of lace, that most' deli cate and exquisite of all draperies. For peculiar excelience in one or more of these excellences, the following deserve mote than a word of 'praise:— Miss Maud Lee, Miss Cissy I'oolman, Miss Mary Booth, Miss Anne Murray, Miss Itateihan, Miss Le-sing, Miss Amy Fleming, Miss Anne tlcriihy, Miss Amy Giles, Miss M. Gribben, Miss iVnne Dunne, Miss Lizzie Morrison, Miss L. Walker,:Misj Annie Martin, Miss Craig, Miss Brcndaj Miss 43 ray Sanders, Sliss W. Shaw, .Miss Laura Humberstonc, and Miss S. Crumley. The Indies who thronged the schoolroom were greatly pleased with all ,tliey saw, and when it wns announced Hint mniiy ottlie articles were for sale some business was done- Tlie following is the prize list : — Ot'ucral Proficiency: Adelaide Allen, Lizzie Dunn. Special Drawing Prize : Allllle Potter, Fanny Shields. Silver Medal fur Calistheidc Kxcrcises : Maud OrHlirook, .Mary Booth, Con stance Oroth. Spcchd Silver Medal for V'uohvork: Edith Well. Woolwork Awards: Mary Booth, Sarah Hoacnian- Mro hnp'ind' Special Prize: Tilly Lcssing, Cissy Poolniau, Maud Lee. Special Award for Needlework: Annie lfcrliliy, Annie Martin, Thereon Boekcmonn, Fiorrio Morriman, Amy Fleming. Special Prizes for Freuch : Cissy Fcrri, Mary Ana Crawford. 