LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTIONS. TO TUB EDITOR. Sir— Your remarks in your iitraft of Friday last regarding the debaUs in tho Upper House on the question of the division of the colon*** into electorates for the puri-o*s of electing members thereto hut given 'me, and I thick tbe great majority of the thinking portion of tho community outside of forty or fifty miles round Adelaide, the greatest witisf acr.ioD, as they are to tbe point, and notbiug but a true statement of the case. How can the people take an interrst in the flection of liieu tli-ey never suv or beard ? Some few, ot course, kDO»r souie of tbe asjirttits for thfir vote*; some more *wbo read the newnptprrs know, it may be, some of tbetn by t»mr, «tc, ic l»ut what can tbey poe«ibly kcow of their sentiments or cpiniotia n bit mi through the rrportsiu thenews prpt-re ? At a Town Hall inwting very ciu-u the questions country people wish soitrera to are not put to the cat-diii-it^. for tho simple reason that the town p--o-j|t- do not feel tDtfre,t«d in t} ere, cay ott«*n it maybe, ns of laU* in Victoria, iu« opt,owrl to the fiscn.1 or reform -p-rtac-.plc-t of the country folks: »ud oln-.ithe latl is thi- C'*-, like th* ol-i rotc-jii ioro»(:h Rjstrm, th- toa- iin ctu .'rii-d all a- th«y like. It it ttae that in g-v.it n Aa.«tr.lU luro l)s» us jit tnH-n a very hethhy jt.iWtc (?eiitimeut held in our ctutivs ot jxtpulatiiVi. for which we b.ive reiuon to bf ths-jkf.il. I'.ut this hi-s lx'«-u tile resul: ol circumiUii.it-e. ?\\\'e have imi y--'* liiil no golii- fielii*. or »ny other industries, which j*,ive ri»«« w Imxo town *-???- \1*- iicTi«, and wh h.ivti as j-t in-vn blrst, »i'!i a Iw-ltljy utVf-jwexo i'» tin- main, liiu this i« uu leaden) tb« country popnUtiou -should bo din irsLclmni, pr 1 n.siutHiu it virtually is Ht pn nut, botwitbi-taitdiug th-* sapii-iit rennrki of ttrtaic l:i*o. members who, it aji;i--ars, bnvu wroi'j-'ht tbi-mM- lve* up into the belitt that they ere in thu Upper House us the repreMuutatives if the whole colony, a thin-; they never have beiu ; because uiitiur t£»eiim-lves uor their priticiplt-s are known to the electors of the whole colony, aud for this last ttaoon a great percent ^ga of tha elector* erne lot to take cue trouble to record their voWhat.Ul. Aud, Sir, ?wh«u we take into con (tidtTHtion tlie cost of one of thtsa olrctions to the colouy J* it in*y be a uieuitier has died, been ou a tup to Europe for his health (as is often the caye), or lias resigned through other causei, th*-n thn whole of tbn colony intuit be thrown into commotiau for the tUctiou of one or two r..- ii.b^r-1, or go without them for month* till a rcora. convenient season occur-*, causing fl:ousindsof pounds loss to the Uijiayers; while were districts »-.'o*-tei— two or three hundri^s might do — an eligible person might be re turned although not greatly known ia Adelaide, which nnder the present system is out of tbe question, for unless a candidate be well known ia Adelaide be could not have the ghost of a chance of being returned, were hu the most fit man in the colony. On reading the speeches of hon. members against the division one feels a mixture of pity and contempt arising in tha mind— pity tbat t.-ifii holding such a high and honourable seat »re not able to see that their own arguments are the moot telling against tne system they would fain uphold. For example, the argument that election by districts would caune logrolling, and cause the carrying of local, to the hart of the general, welfare. Why, Sir, it is for thin very reason divisionists wish for uivisioti ; they witih to let the colonists outside of Adelaide have something to say in tho matter of members' return, aud to have some represen tation in tbe Upper Ohnmber, which is at present only t-njoyrd by Adelaide and its surrkuudiug**. Out- ton. member (Mr. i^aker) ia reported to haM- s*r,k--n to this tlit'ct : That our Mvatem had wj) kcu better than thu Victorian oue, with its deadlock that had taken place. Now, Sir, that tbe nullifications fur both tbe electors and th i tlerti-d for the Upper Chamber in Victoria are ioo high mKT well be uffirmed, and tbat through I his it is somewhat less jiopular and therefore less ctrong. But beyond this I think it would be a hard tflsk for Mr. li-xker, or any one elae, to »bow that the Upper Hoove of Victoria h*ts not fulfilled its duty to the electors, yea, to the colony of Victoria us a whole, ia a manner that will conipsre ft.vours.bly with auy of tbe calouie». Can Mr. Baker show whi re the Upper House of Victoria has failed P Has it failed because when tacks have been made to Appropriation Bills they refused to pass suchi' Was the Upper Chamber in those cases not being ooeroed by tbe Lower ? and had they not a constitutional right to da so ? I say yes ; and more, it vii their duty to do so, at the risk of tbe Ministry (tbe offending party) making a deadlock of it. They did so, ami thns have u yet saved tbe colony from Berryiteism. This, I am free to ixoft ps, had tbey been elected by the whole coiouy, iwinSouthAnstralja, they would not have done, for in that cose they would have been re turned by the centres which supported Ik rryiteibm— Melbourne, Oetlong, Uallarat, band burst, and such like. I hove not the l-tatit doubt but the cltx-tors will or would exonerate those members of tbe Upper Chamber to a man in so far as tbeir action went in raf using to pom iiLcotiBtitutioi nl and offensive measures, and thank them for it. True, hon. members in South Australia did the same as the Vintoriau Chamber in the case of the Colton tack, and but for the tact that Mr. Bouciut showed there is little doubt a de~ullot-k would have ensand. Wbat then 'i Why, let us suppose, for the sake of illustration, that the Governor had the power to dissolve all, or half, the Upper House. Tbe Ministry of tbe day (Cultoo's) would in their wrath have advi-ied him to dissolve both Obambors, and had he complied with this a thousand to one that not ono ot the Upper Chamber who voted for the shelving of the Bill, would have been returned, although their vote or not was perfectly constitutional. Wby ? Because tacked Bill, or item, was for a pet measure of town and other popular members. The Parliament House was the object, aud Adelaide was up in arms ; they could and would have returned men to the Upper Chamber to carry tbe measure ; and although the country districts did not wish the building, more parti cularly on such a miserable site as proposed for it, they could not have reseated those men, simply because Adelaide would not have it, and had the power to keep them oat. Well, ibdeed, might the Council go in for divi sion, were it wise, for when tbe day comes, as rotne it will, the country — the yeomen — will be found to be their support in constitutional trials. But I am encroaching too much on your »pnce. Allow me just to say that the elections have plc&st-d; all here I have heard spw-k of them— Kvernrd nowhere, Dunn and It unsay Brst (as tbey Loth went for division). Alurnty deterred to be behind, ns being doubtful. He might have had far more votes here bad he come out for diviiioD. An to thot-e who came out iu February, they are all noii-divixioniit-i. But Fisher and division men mutt U- ths country ticket then. I M-n, Sir. &c; , TKLL. Mount Gambier, July 16. 