SUKBAY-READING; iiWX\\.Godiy;l"."J Address afc.Langha'm Hallv Prayer? Meeting, . on January 8tli.'1880;r*rr.*iv. Bt Riyadh.'' Mohlky Pumshor;''- '1^ iprax without.ceasiug/—I.*Thea. t. 17.. YOU do nut neod' thl\t it atioulii be explained, to Vou"what prayer is, or tlwt.any argu ment JhouM'ba adduced toprove to you that it I! either" ® duty .or a privilege. ,Jt ia an em.. Ivmrat 'ariring .aireoUy from the oond.t.on fn/°4Taffin8hi'P8 Pf 'h«man <=-™te.nc0> a?d ha» toalppmt^ by Divino^uthcrity und com may bo >ell, however, to remiud SSdEM,Sm«r Zi the very frequent en ?!£mantBto'tbl8 <luty of prayer which .we have in ItoVord of GoS.For example; we are to CaySal^js with, all Bupplieation,!^ the s^rit -" we are to " pray without musing; '.ipostle.'.-further desires ."that men Trywh«e lift up, holy, hands without wrath « aoabKtg/i ; There can.be no doubt, there fore of tbe direct iind 'paramount obligation rutinz up6n; every renowed mun to PW, for. it is the cobdjtiop. of bis spiritual health until. he if transferred from earth to Heaven. i I efiould like,.to regard prayer not bomuch as a diJty aa.a jirivilegQ. Do wo ever think of.. the transcendent baneficcnco, on God s part, m I permitting us to pray ? Ho seeks ue, that we | mav seele-Him ; 'He draws near to ua first that we may ^raw ncar to Him ; He etretonea out , His fatherly, arms to us in order that wo may ; stretch forth the'arms of , our faith towards i Sim I ®iti*mo8t'lnfiiiite;conde$ceiJ8ioii ib -em bodied in iH'e fact that God stoops to uak ub to oome to fEi& tbattfie may come to us and fill our hearts witbHhe peace and joy and consola tion oitHpGospel..;: . - • •. Thtf oWfeote for; which' prayer- can bo em* ployed wo 'of1 the- most; varied character. ; There0 is ntt* ono subjcct of human thought or care, of need or sorrow, that prayer may not comprehend,.^ JJjider., .'certain ;; TeflmcUpM, prayer aay .be presented for temporal things. that Ufe^'tnay bo continued; that tn© pbyisical frame2nfiy TStwin its rigoiir ;_;that the family circle mayyfimile.on unbroken,; .ihat.pestilonce may ntf'italk ttirougVtbelaiid; that war may sheathe ate- swordall, theso are legitimate, subjects fcfBUjiplteation*' Only, thero must-be iathe^ind of the suppliant the reversion of all to theT*ill'of,God... Bafno euch restrictions exiat in reference to spiritual matters—to those, for itfstfnw, which havo gathered ub together to-dny, li^caiiBC Vtvkhow that our snuctificiaion is the will of 6od' concerning-us in Christ Jeini. . f And #e arS' privileged not only to pray Jor the reveal o,f the curse and the.bestowment o! W^ngjj/or. ;the rcmoVal of guilt from tho cowcience andeorrosv from tha heart as regards ouricfrce \ we., are privileged also to become ! intercessors^Uh Oo'it j»n behalf of others. .A ; pioQB man, philanthrppicaUy looking not only od hifi own.things but on tho things of ethera, ; will firemen* ,t6" the' tbTon© of God those in* tereaU whictineed special supplication.' Here, also, there is no restriction, for God condescend* ingly^liftens! to'us when we pray for others* Bis ^uryey fakfcsin this world as well ad tho I norld^to'tome.., He who has taught us that j not a Bpaiiov?) falls to tb« ground apart from. His will, has condescended to say u Ye aro of, more value thun rouny fparrows." fie who has said, ** Tho very hairs of yotir head aro all numbered "'will not surely complain of us for supplication nut rather complain if wo restrain prayer oa what are dutwed ordinary matters. We »ir6'ndt'to be'Wi«o ab^vo that which is written, and to suppose that ordinary mnttira aretoo trivial fo.be Byroad before tho'Lord. Bni^wlthVrefoienco' to tho great hifttters; vhictl form the subject of to'-day's prayers, it; is impoeaiblftit^ .exaggerate: their importance. We pray for tho sanctificatiou-uC Homo Iitfo, becanl^it isHho most telling illustration'of* the Irith <)f OhrUtianitv, when it is exhibited in a gwdly^hoi^e.-...Congregations may anther from custom" and'jromadhetenco to outs-wo motives; 1 but nQione-ttin-resiat— oven ,tho nnner muat feel—the quiet influence of. a well-ordered, godly home. . The promiso. to .Abraham,was, M In thee shull all the families.of the earth bo bleised." EmphalicnUy, Chrijjtianity;io tho ro. ligiom.-tt.,the.'household, and .it is. wonderful how iftany promises thero aro, u, great tand> preciou?," hil starting from ana tending to this,' Abraham, we read, " coniin'tndcd his'ohildfen,' aad his ho^h(^?tfte^hiia;" Joshua'^uoblo ; resolve embraced^hia houaebold.aa woU aa .him self—M Ae for ma Jiad my hause, wo,will servo tho Lord;" David relutncil to blesB his houso bold, nbr55iit(Jnt'with"hi.iindividual privilege; tbo protpiMjtQ'Z.iCRheuB, when the pitiful 'Lord called to him, saying, ^ Come, down, to-day I must abide at thy houae/'-^tho promise was, "This .day ia eulvntion cornq to this houfio." Cornelius, the .first' Gentilo convert, had " his houBe''gW^^jhim in answer to tho supplica^ ' uenB of his hoart. ../Wlien Panl baptized " tho household of .fitephanas, he did not.know th© far.reaohingi reaulta, or read thou that thoy would addict thomseivea to tho ministry of tho winta, and be the first fruits of Achuia. But ; j J. The apostlo' prayed that tlib Lord Would give meroy unto tUa.fVhousoof.V Onusivbonie, the brave ono wbo^.oit refreshed uiu, and wad fiot ashamed of my chain,". To tho gaoler, in wlt^Joijor.by/which ho. was surrounded, tho *ords ifl?eip> spoken, V DoliiBve, .on tlio Lord, JeauBqOhiist and tbou Bhalt bo BftTed—and thy -JfiHSSi. Ana ho took Paul arid Silas tllo imW hour of tno night, and wasted ihoir'stripesTaiTd" ,*m baptwed-rla 'andiaU hivHrajrftway.W -When Lvdm'e lienrt wfin nnrmo/i « a '-When Lydiu's heart was openpd.'na a flower to the ruii, her housoholil was included—" Kb© iTM ^apljpd and-hcr-household.'; And-how wonderfully ia ri Christian home dopictod in k *° rhllemon»to*whom Piul wrote k L li s„ „ LU WUUU1 X UUl WrOlO on bohalf of"; Onesimus, whom I have begotten in my bonds." " - It iiRifor usito remember that all the nobleBt precepts and promiaea belonged to sanctified nouBeholda; to godly bomea. ! Wo must pray tor theso, for wo cannot , be better 'patriots, as .well as Christiana, than by purifying tho homo life of a nation, and by guarding it with a ram P^rr moro powerful than tho cannon upon the walls, even the rampart., of our Christian homes. • • v Then, to-day, wo aro further asked to pray for our professors and teachers. I am glad attention has been called to. this: that wo are -asked to think of the higher schools, and to pray i that .they may becotno sources of spiritual knowledge,'jahd <5easo' to be sources of what ia merely negative in religious things, if not of .absolute and positivo denial. We do not want eo much distinctive teaching in aeoular matters as we want all secular matters to be pervaded by a Christian tone. If wo tcacb mental philosophy, we cannot keop clear of such subjects as the freedom of the will and Jmmortality of the soul; A man may so teaoh anatomy as to make his pupils material* ,Iflts,or like the teaoher who can find in joints and muscles a hymn of praise. ' ■ ■ Robing of history, if ri man is worth" his salt; it "will bo impossible to avoid a bias, and so there is need to pray for the Elis of our Israel who watofi the Ark of God ; to pray that at the fountains of learning there may be the ihfiuouce of the Holy Ghost, and that.upon the hearts of professors and teachers (and per haps especially.upon these) thero.may over bo roating tho blessed influence of Christ, and that every thought, however brilliant, that every ex cursion into tho realms of xntnd, however varied,' may' be accompanied by the same Spirit. Wo would pray especially for children, arid for those who havo such mighty influence in the Church that they may bo able to direct these children wisely. I should, like to ask whether our prayers are all in this spirit? We do not, ought not, to forget that we aro sinners, sinners saved by grace, but slill sinners. There must be reality in our thoughts of this. If there, was reality in Eden, where there wore cherubim'and a flaming sword which tarried ovory way—if there is reality in Heaven, where the veiled face and folded wing accompany the worship, there surely must be with us prostration of spirit, humbleness of soul, when we come to God. Someone has said," depravity has infused a new property into our wants." We must coine, therefore, in the conBciousuess that we have been sinners, and in . the earnest sense of . de pendence aud reliarico which tho fact of such Binnership necessitates. .Then, there must be Faith; there must"be the recognition of God's character arid 'merci fulness. And there must be special respect to a trUBtin theB'crifico of tho Lord Jesus Christ, as tho only sure hope of the sinner, and tbo only, sure warrant of our approach to God, It is the thought of our need and tho thought of tho redemption^ wbioh Has been wrought pat. for us that 'will "mnko our prayers inwroughV There must bo no blemish of insincerity ; tho speech-may lisp, the tonguo may falter, but there can be nevertheless the earnest eloquence of the soul. Our prayers must be tho conviction as well as.the desire of tho heart, to be effectual. 'I want to deeply feel that if I pray for tho things for which .we are asked to pray to-day, then 1 ennnot pray in vain ' My mind has been running upon that passage, " And another angel came and stood at the altar, having n golden censer; and there •was givoQj-unto him much incense, that he: should offer it with tho prayers of all saints upOQ the golden altar which was before th* throhe.«"Arid the smoke of tbe incense which came with the prayers of the saints*ascended up before God out of tho angel's hand." Here we .can rest our hope of acceptance. '" Another angel 1" Who can it be but " the root<and offspring of David, and tbo bright and morning star, the author and thefinisher of faith", tho foundation and thetopstoneof the building, the Alpha.and the Omega ?" ItiS;6uc 8aviour; Ho is that " other,angel." Without Him, to whom could wo address our ! prayers F in a timo of extreme anguish it was ; written, ^Neither is there any daysman." We* do not wuut many mediators, but wo do wautr One, and there is Ono, tho Man Christ Jesus/ llo stands at tho "golden altar"—the figure being taken from tho temple services of old. . He could, nover have stood at tho golden, altar-, until Ho had offered His snorifico. I- Here we1 ■ have tho atonement brought before-us, nnd :e you; rob us of this you may. as well rob,us the Bible. t,\\} : V, /.* [ i -JC , '1 i . , Our High Priest [hasf offered His saorifi :and wtfjeaflK Uiero wflaglVon unto'himf <inu incense, that he should offer it with thoprayi of all saints." May wo riot b'o 'deeply' thank; that our prayers cau be. perfumed and render prevailing through tlio efficaoy of tho Sayiou intercession?%i )' 1 ■ ;<• \\\ ; There is an npologuo that a man onco said a lump of clay, " What art thou F" ".A lump clay," was tho answer; u butJ.waa placed 1 tbe side of a rose, aud caught its fragrauce And eo our prayers aro without fragrauco; bi placod. by. the side of the. intercession of t Saviour, tlioy go up acoeptod in tho preseuce the Fathor, "with tho smoko of the incer which comes with tho prayors of tho saints." Hero is the promise of success again. In t old dispensation, when the cloud was blot down, it was a token that the sacrifico was 1 jecled; but when it weut up, then thesiun might rojoico. And the smoke of tho iuoen with our prayors always ascends up before G< out of the Angel's band. Here, then, is our strong assurance; infai the matter mny bo said to bo takeu out of 0 bunds. It is not our prayer any longer: .1 makes it His own—God's prayer going up God's throno for His glory to como down to t £ axAd r/uxu -a** h » "" doubt that He will theQ,po»r out^jipon ub the1/leeeingsIhat wo" seek.; .'LGti-iiB/roiiliae £th isOj hib'ino w/2an d' assuredly tho blessing shall como down. Brethren,the grcaVhin<lrance.;to out-zeal and[ to oiir happiness is just the weakness of our faith 1 Wo aro languid because'we,do;not,trust, we ate murmuring because we do not trust, we are paralysed, because we do not trust.! ^ Faith |ia cheerfulness, a happy disguiser aB wolf as a continual feast; there is a gladsome ingenuity about it to hod comfort in unexpected places, and to draw out a prevailing argument 'out' of the vory heart of a stono. There is a prostra tion and desponding in the heart of a sinner when ho finds hiinsolf conscious of his sinful* ness before God, and if _ever man bad f1 Hen from, a height of privilege to a depth of ro bellion that man was David sinning 'against light and against knowledge, and'yet from tho depth where his passionate outcry goes' up to God, in the very guilt of his transgression, hV finds an'additional reason for its forgiveness ftnd he cries, Oh Lord, I beseech thee pardon* thou mine iniquity, for it is'great," as if lie had' felt that in the very greatness of the sin there was a higher glory for the" Saviour, who could forgive the siu. , There is tho poor individual, the'iSyro Phconioian woman, who comes to Christ;* - She comes to Christ in the midst of difficulty and sorrow; her heart is mute 'from miisio•because there iB danger and there is sickness at home. Sho is hardly able to prefer her petition, her eyes-seek the ground, flhe is overwhelmed with the' consciousness of the peril in which Bhe stands, and .of rtbeawfuluess-of the-pre&once; into;wHich she is'comihg; But there comes a word from tho.Saviour's lips", which from any oiher Hps would be a repression, only he was so kind and so loving and so gentle, that there must have been an inner pnrposeiri tbat—"It is not meet to tnko the children's bread and cast it to the dogs'." Ah! but out of the heart of the deep and lorrible rebuke, as it seemed to .be, did she gather courage, and the downcast eye was uplifted, and'tbe: stammering-tongue loosened, and she said,41 Truth Lord; yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their master's table." See the tumultuous crowd there. -There is the poor woman-thut has bad an issue of blood twelvo years, and that has spent all her living i upon phyeicinna, "and grew nothing better,".1 us. the simple narrative says, "but rather; worse,"—and - she comes to Jesus, and the I crowd is round him, and she is unable to get at*; him, but her faith is strong, and she says to , herself, " I shall nevur see the glance of hiB eye ; that speaketh love, T shall never bear the tender4: voice saying, 'Be thou healed,' but there is the hem of his garment, if I may touohhisgar- I ment I shall bo whole." • ' '! Ob, faith brings arguments out of repulsihgs; and encourages itself even in the midst of circumstances thst would appal hearts in which the principle of faith is not. It is like fire, the great alchemist, that transmutes' everything into: its own substauce, sends up ardent heat' and; transforms the coal; into bright and bril liant flame: I Thould like you to take home -from the meeting this morning a .renewal of yon'r faith in Christ. Your circumstances;, arc various; I know that'll hut faith is a heritage for every body. Your conditions are various; I know that; but faith is ft heritage for ever. jOh, I should like to pain entrance into each heart;this morning with the same message of consolation find rejoicing—into the heart of the contrite man, into, tho .heart of tho per plexed yonder, intoV tho heart of the .humble, into the heart of the. bereaved, into the heart • of tbc dying, with the sumo message of consola tion from on high. s YVe are on tho mount of Moriah, we have not come down from tho summit of the mountain yet, and Abraham,' before be left it on that memorable day in his history, baptised it afresh and callod.it " Jehovah Jireh"—"The Lord will provide, tho Lord will provide." .Oh tuke that comfort to yourself. What trouble' is there; what anguith felt or feared that can get out of the way of the comprehensive com 'fort; of these blessed words, 44The Lord will provide." . Is! the barb in thy heart? Doth mortal sick nesB assail thee? Hath death gotten hold on thee with a lover's eagerness to his bride? "The Lord will provide,lsongs in the night of thy trouble; calm waters—a safe pa*sago among the swellings-* of Jordan ; musio and welcome in the everlasting home of. the departed. Hath death wounded theo more keenly bo« cause he darted at thee from n mother's grave, because ho hath stilled the heart that used to beatj hushed the loving voice tbnt thrilled thee over when it spake ?—41 The Lord will provide" sw.eet relief of tears and the calm satisfaction ; of Assured faith and everlasting recognition : the region where love cannot die. ... Ait thou. i erplexed about some question of duty or about some question of destiny, whether thou sbalt do this or that, whether thou ahalt go there/Orj tbitber?; - Dost thou listen for some authoritative voico or to have some con straining word ?. ..Does the .future trouble thee "About thy family ? Does thy* busiuess inorease and harass thie?—" Tho Lord will provide?" If your faith can but rely, you enlist the power ■>you trust.t < ... •• \f Are.you anxious about God's cause, and with Elijah are you 6ayingf "I, only I, am left as tho prophet, of the. Lord,and Baal'? prophets ore four hundred and fifty-men"—, " Tho Lord will provide." Do not you think he can tako care of His own, aud:if he .choose any day ho could .show thee in the' secret places of the heritage seven thousands that never yet bowed the kneo to Baal ? Are you praying for V'reyival ?j'X Th'e Holy . Ghost; is no monopoly.of any privileged class, does*not wait upon any peouliar'lips.is no^ex* clusivo heritage *of this or.that or the other, oroed or system or class of individuals:. .'Oh, if the people, were btitwilling it would soon be tbo day of God's power; if our Jiearte \yerie only believing what should hinderfa Pentecost hero? ' '•']• V.'.,;;." '■! Aiid now aro you all personally contrifc.\ feeling the burdeg of youcowu sin, mouiniag in Axon which is'not the place'for mouiniog; where thoro ought to bo no borrow, where the jubilate should never dwindlo" down into where there flLopldbe acontinnal re* ^ 3ip|cingp in God—but yuuareniourning in Zioa t.becaueo there is biiterneas In your conscience and a burden in your heart, and because there -b«a\ity in thelandecape, for th'ereis^ uo •; ^ beauty in the Boulyand creation is dark fcecaustr of an absent God—my brethren " the Lord trill '■ provide; nay,'Ho has provided; Christ has died'-' • jind lives to die no more. Aye,on His father's ■ ^ throne from 'His' clevntionHu speaks to you'/ yes to you, as if there were not another contrite ' heart in the universe, and as if all hie wealth^' •' and grace, and love, waited to be poured upoa you. 'IThia is the latest message .by. my lips to-day, u Be not afraid, onlyUbelieve," only/believe. , May the Lord help you for the Redeemer',* sake; Amen. 1 • ' i: * • r.:.' 