London, Oct. 7. (reuter's telegrams.) The feeling of indignation excited by the proposals of the Porte for the settle- ment of the Eastern difficulty continues unabated, and the Continental press unites with that of England iu commenting severely on the audacity of the Turkish Government in proposing to the great powers the conditions telegraphed on 5th inst. In France especially great resent ment is expressed against Turkey, and the leading journals urge prompt action to en- force the decisions of the Berlin Confer- ence. Up to the present time no definite course has been decided upon by the Government with reference to the scheme submitted by the Porte on the 4lh inst. It is understood that the powers are wait- ing the proposals of Great Britain as to the line of action to be followed. An im mediate blockade of Turkish ports by the combined squadrons now in the Adriatic Sea has been suggested. The continued agitation in Ireland is causing much anxiety to the Gwvuriiun.-.ut, and prep. -i iitioua are being m.uic ior me despatcn of .mutoionai troop t . t-ir-. tricts uios. disturbed../ pi . are proce -u».ig in iiie :«imU. r -t< r..-. the west ol lrolauU;-svneiv o. men are to seli'i. ntonv .- ( . Extensive flood.-, have .aioo ..Teh l .-.no Midland Oouuiies, doing' a'e..iinihv,.i ,1." amount of damage to pioperij. "Ln-U however, have beuii lost. ' ' ' - ' 'London, >cl ij. . Consols, 98. - : ' r ' Four per ceiik yictqi-iaulnan, £99 ids-; five per cent, do., 1894, £109. : .. . . Tin.— Straits auct Australian-have to-day receded 30s per .ton, being now quoted at £S2 10s. , Wallaroo copper, £71 as. Best Australian beef tallow, 33 do mutton do, 34s. i The Beechworth Waterworks. — For some time past the Beeehworth United Shire Council have been striving to effect a reduction in the amount paid as interest upon the Government loan in connection with the water supply to the town. Ever since his election as President Mr H. A. Crawford has agitated at various times the merging of the interest with the loan, and with this object in view, at his own ex pense, paid several visits to Melbourne and brought the matter under the notice of the Government. He met with great assistance in the matter from the Hon. G. B. Kerferd, the senior member for the Ovens, whom Mr Crawford saw, on the last occasion, on Monday ; and they being unsuccessful in securing an interview with Mr Berry on that day, it was mutually arranged that Mr Kerferd should wait upon the head of the Government the following day (Tuesday) by himself— Mr Crawford having promised to be in Beech- worth that evening, to open the Wesleyan Juvenile Bazaar in the Town Hall—and lay before him the facts of the case. Mr Kerferd accordingly interviewed Mr Berry on Tuesday morning—Mr E. S. Symonds, the Under-Treasurer being also present — and after a long conversation as to how the matter could be arranged depart- mentally, exacted a promise that the sum of £2000, being the amount of in- terest now due, should be added to the loan. At the request of Mr Kerferd, the shire secretary on Friday forwarded an official letter to the Treasurer, stating that wnilst the Beeehworth United Shire was in a position to pay the interest on the loan, it was not able to overtake the arrears of interest which have accrued : that the waterworks were now completed, and no further outlay for construction would be required : and that if the £2000 be added to the loan, the shire would have a sufficient income to be always able to pay the interest promptly. President Crawford and the Hon. G. B. Kerferd are to be congratulated upon the success attending their efforts in the matter, for which they are justly entitled to the best thanks of the ratepayers in the Beechworth United Shire ; as by the concession a large amonnt of money hitherto charged as interest at the rate of nine per cent. is saved to the council—only four per cent, being charged upon the loan by Govern- ment. The Assizes. — The October sittings of the Beeehworth Court of Assize will be commenced at ten o'clock on Thursday, 14th inst., when no fewer than ten criminal cases and one civil action (the list of which appears in another column) will be investigated. It will be noticed that the case wherein the Chinaman Ah Ping is charged with the murder of a country man at Stanley some time since is included in the calendar ; but it is doubtful whether it will be proceeded with ; as, it will be remembered, the unfortunate fellow, against whom the circumstantial evidence adduced was very strong, was at the May sittings of the Court remanded, as there were strong doubts expressed as to his sanity—he refusing to utter a syll- able or to partake of food or nourishment of any description for some time both be fore and since his trial. Latterly, how ever, we learn, he both eats and talks, though his general demeanor still con tinues that of a man not altogether in his right mind ; and he has at various times been visited in the Beeehworth Gaol, where he is confined, by members of the medical profession, who, we believe, pro- nounce him as suffering from that kind of insanity known as melancholia. Changing his Residence. — Mr Robert Crawford, commercial traveller for Messrs Bell, Bruce and Co., who for many years past has resided in Beeehworth, has decided upon taking up his residence in the metropolis ; and accordingly his furni- ture and household effects will be disposed of by public auction on Friday, 15th inst. While regretting Mr Crawford's removal as a citizen from amongst us—he being a universal favorite, on account of his genial and gentlemanly demeanor ; being, more- over, ever ready to promote the interests of the town and district—we learn with pleasure that his commercial relations with, these districts will not cease ; and therefore we do not lose him altogether. Addition to the Hospital Funds —A cheque for the sum of £18 has been re0 ceived in aid of the funds of the Ovens District Hospital ; being the proceeds of a ball recently held at Sandy Creek with that object. The inhabitants of that locality are to be complimented upon the handsome and practical manner in which they have recognised the claims of a de- serving charity. Auction Sale of a Trust Estate at Benalla. — We learn that Watts and McBean, auctioneers, Benalla, will hold a large sale by auction of groceries, drapery and ironmongery, lately the stock-in-trade in the trust estate of James Leighton, upon the premises, Benalla, next Friday, the 15 th, at 12 o'clock. Catalogues can be had by applying on the premises. A Mistake. — By inadvertence we in- serted in our Tuesday's issue an adver- tisements stating that Mr A. Masheoreny would not in future be responsible for any debts contracted by his wife. The copy of the notice was forwarded to this office for insertion some four days previous, but it did not appear a our next issue, on account of a telegram having been re- ceived, dated from Carlton, from Mr Masheoreny, requesting its withdrawal. This was done ; but on Monday last we received a telegram from our Bright cor respondent in the matter, the contents of which were unfortunately misconstrued. Hence the mistake ; and we regret that any annojaiice or nain should have been caused Mr Masheoreny through the pub- lication of the advertisement in our columns. Drapery. — Mr J. Armstrong, of Cheap- side House, Beeehworth, intimates in our business columns that he is disposing of articles of wearing apparel, useful and ornamental, at unprecedented low prices ; and guarantees a saving of fully 22i per cent, upon purchases. Vacant Premises. — A tenant is re quired for the centrally situated premises in Camp-street, now utilised as a fancv repository and gift depot by Mrs De Jacques, who is about leaving the district for Melbourne. Beechworth FreePublic Library and Burke Museum.— By those who have not yet seen the pictures now on' view at the public library the present opportunity should be embraced, as the time for /which they were lent has nearly expired. , VV' iether the owners will allow them to ' r -maui for a longer period it is difficult to : hiu., doubtless; many of them will ' wash to have them returned. Since the j i.utiies have been lent, another marked i . |>i-.v.-iii,jnt has taken place in the in lA-uun ; and that is the large centre case li. ed wit.il mineral specimens. Tile lion, i v , ii--.: it.;-r r,im nor trouble ill placing arid i m ii k.!ig;e ich separate specimen, so that \ io r.-, nave i io trouble, and caii see at a gl-i Rv To' wlint fairiily they belong. New- "k> iii-e. living .constantly- added to/ the .ji rary, and each year increases the ji pii nrity of the institution, as no pains- s;.ired i-> rende- it not only attractive It-.' tiie ey«-, hut. ;ike wise to provide iood for I t-J;j JiUltd. ' ' A Gas Company for Beechworth.— At last we are pleased to notice that initiatory steps have been taken to form a company to supply -gas to the town of Beeehworth ; a meeting of the citizens and all interested in the matter having been convened by tbe president of the United Shire for S o'ebek on Monday evening next, in the Council Chambers, when the desirability of establishing the company referred to, the appointment of a pro visional directory, deciding upon the amount of capital required and the best means of raising such, and other general business, will be taken into consideration. We hope to see a large attendance on the occasion, and a favourable decision arrived at iu a matter of vital importance to the community. . Black Springs Picnic and General Sports. — At a well-attended meeting of the inhabitants of the Black Springs, held at the Melbourne-road State-school on Wednesday evening, 6tli inst., convened for the purpose of holding a picnic on the 9th of November, it was unanimously re solved upon to canvass the locality, a strong committee having been formed to raise funds and draw up a programme for the especial pleasure of the school children. It is the intention of the committee to in vite the general public, and with this view they have obtained permission to hold it in Mr James Feely's home paddock to accommodate those who may bend their way thence. A programme is to be soon issued, and as it is got solely up for the young idea, and no charge for admission or such like permitted, we feel assured we may anticipate a genuine day's sport both for young and old. We are informed that no less an amount that £10 was voluntarily subscribed by those present at the meeting. The Black Springs, as part and parcel of old Tadmor, lias not yet lost that pres tige which so characterized Beechworth in the good old days of twenty years ago. Beechworth Literary and Debating Association. — The usual private meet ing of the members of the association was held in the Town Hall chambers on Thurs day evening ; when Mr T. Moore read a paper on "The life of Charles I., and whether his dethronement and subsequent beheading was justifiable." Mr F. H. Tuthill, the President, occupied the chair, and there was a fair attendance of mem bers. At the conclusion, a vote of thanks was tendered to Mr Moore for his interest ing essay. Pugilistic. — "Robin Hood," in last week's " Australasian," states that " Old Bendigo," the once celebrated pugilist, died recently at Nottingham. He was in his 70 th year. At his best he was a veri table wonder, for he fought and won, in the year 1S33, one fight each in March, April, May, June, two in August, one in- September, and one in October. He beat in his time Ben Caunt, Deaf Burke and Tom Paddock, and was, T believe, never beaten except on a " foul." Of late years he has gone in for the pious business, and was great as the repentant pugilist. His real name was Wm. Thompson, and he was born in the town he died in. The cause of death was the effects of a fall down stairs. It is rare, indeed, that a pugilist reaches the three score and ten ; and with the death of "Old Bendy," nearly the last of the men who shared in the revels of the old Corinthians has departed. Very Plain. — At the Sydney Cathedral on Sunday last, Canon Stephen preached a very practical discourse. He said the true Christian was the real gentleman ; and it was an essential part of his Chris tianity that he should pay twenty shillings in the pound. The Canon said that in the event of such a man having to go insolvent, it would be done with feelings of a lasting shame. And yet there are some gentlemen who survive such trifles. Mrs Emma Hakdinge Britten. — It will be remembered by those who attended the lectures of Mrs Hardinge Britten in this district just two years ago, that that inspired lady displayed considerable in genuity in answering the questions which she used to write from the audience at the conclusion of each lecture. Sometimes there were posers propounded relative to mysteries of spiritualism, but on such oc casions Mrs Britten had a happy knack of shifting her ground, and generally man aged to very cleverly get away. She has it appears, been less fortunate of late. At the close of a lecture recently delivered in America, she was for once fairly cornered and by no less a person than Dr Tanner of fasting celebrity. 'Mrs Britten had been eloquently explaining to her hearers her theory respecting the wonderful feat performed by the doctor, and which she described as a triumph of mind over matter. She had contended that his long abstinence from food was attributable to the nourishment which he derived from the aroma of viands, floating in the air. To secure the necessary supply of this im palpable diet, the doctor she said had been careful to try his experiment in the centre of a large population. Under other con ditions success wouldliave been impossible, such for instance, as in the open country where " The Chameleons Dish" would have been unprovided with the above- mentioned ingredients, and that if the doctor had absorbed only air pure and simple, he would have to give up the ghost long before the expiration of forty days. Having delivered this revelation Mrs Britten, it seems, expressed her willingness to afford further information on the subject. To her surprise Dr Tanner himself stepped on the stage, and begged to assure her that her spiritual guides had, in their esteem led her quite astray. His experience enabled him positively to assert that the etherialised food theory was a humbug, as he had found that the pangs of hunger were much more severely felt in a great city than in the solitude of the prairie. It is not re corded that the spirits through the medium of the fair lecfcnrer, undertook to controvert the doctor's statement. Illustrated Papers. — The 108th num ber of the " Sketcher" is to hand, and contains two supplements — one "The Inaugural Ceremony at the Opening of the Exhibition," and the other, "A View of Melbourne." The number itself has a view of the recent " Railway Accident in New Zealand," and a copy of the picture " No Surrender," in the Victorian National Gallery; "The Essendon and Flemiugton Institute " St. Mary's Roman Catholic Schools, St. Kilda por traits of Dr Hector, Exhibition Commis sioner for New Zealand, and Mr Miller, the champion athlete. There is also a view of St. Arnaud, and the camp of the New Zealand constabulary, at Taranaki. The "Illustrated Australian News" isals- to hand, and like its contemporary, has two supplements — " A View of Mel bourne," and a "Lithographed View of the International Exhibition." "The Interior of the Main Hall" forms the principal engraving in the number. There are also portraits of the Hon. W. J. Clarke, the President, Mr J. Reid, the architect, "Mr Mitchell, the builder, and other prominent members connected with the Exhibition. Views are also given of the "Fernery," "The Opening .Cere mony," and other objects of interest. We are also in receipt of the first number of the'" Illustrated Christian Weekly," from the office of the Colonial Publishing Com- pany, Sydney. It contains some remark ably well, executed wood cuts, and the get-up altogether is decidedly yosd. I It will no doubt meet with a ready .sale. ' Oxley Mems .— Our c-irresp-ndent writes . —The weather ! What, muld Englishmen do were they deprive-i .E this subject of discussion? Tn n is to-.; quest ion."' Mr Proctor may oj-eti imi-is un- thouglit of to out me nt-,, visi-ii- , and mifold a portion -f trie Ciuatwi mindi- work amidst the sun stiu-di-d a , . -ins of illimitable and nicouipiulmiifiibli. .space. He may descend from siiun .siiolnn:: specu lation, and analyse ' The Fifteen I'-.-zzle. But could He inform us what Eng.a-lunen or their descendants, scattered ov.„-r our little world, would do, were r-hey pt ; vented from using the wi-ather as an liitro-; ctory topic to conversation. . Were th- Sphinx aud-tjEdipus resuscitated, ami the f--i merto expoundit. Such being our views connected with thissubject, we deem it no tlei--gation to the analyser of "The Fifteen Puzzle," to state, that we doubt his ability to ans wer our question sai isfactori iy. 1 1 aving thus settled that matter m our own satis faction, we take leave to state that the wea ther has been most favourable for cue last week. Thecereal cropsand grass are looking well. The hailstorm lias bur. slightly injured the orchards, which ar no-- loaded with sweet-scented blossom, do lighting the olfactory and optic senses, anc gratify- ing the inner mental or spiritual sense of the beautiful. Cloudy weather tempers the sun s rays ; aud the slight showers falling occasionally, as " gentle ram from Heaven," add to the luxuriant growth of the crops Our yuing atliietes commence their cricket season on Saturday. There will be practice there each evening, to- enable the revived club to contend on the green sward for the pride of place against, the Tarrawingee club on Saturday, the 16th inst. Several entertainments are on the tapis, and already preparations are being made for our annual huli-'lay, the 9tli prox. Picnics galore and parties numerous, are to be the orders of both the day ana night. So that for some short time, care will be vanished, and jollity and mirth and neighborly goodfellowship will reign in our midst. Until this neighborly goodwill binds not. only shires but nations, civilisation and Christianity are but names, shams by which nations breaking one comaninriment, " not to covet anything that is their neighbour's," break all, and murder, lust, robbery, aud every conceivable crime, spring forth from the covetous greed of that which belongs to others. Teetotallers may state that all crimes spring from drink. I traverse that statement and assert that most social and national crimes spring from envy of the fortune of others, and a desire to annex their possessions for our own particular use. Until then, actions are " more honored in the breach than the observance," wars and extermi nation of races will go on, and the triumphs of science, peace, trade, and commerce, will be retarded. I hope that the education, though limited, now brought to the doors of the masses may in time cultivate their reasoning powers, or that they will become ever ready to de fend the country from invasion, and to- withhold the sinews of war, in men and money, from rulers who are only influ enced by greed of territory and ambition. Disloyalty Denounced. — " AEgles" in the " Australasian " writes : — I believe that the late member for the Ovens attri butes his defeat to the Conservative views of the local press. To remedy so objec tionable a condition of affairs, he induced the hon. member for Footscray, who is connected with Wi'.liamst'-iwn journalism, to visit Beechworth, with the view of launching a loyal Liberal newspaper. Whilst staying there, Mr Clark was, I hear, struck by a remarkable conscien- tousnes3 of Beechworth street behaviour. If lie met a single individual in a. thoroughfare, that individual was whistling " God save the Queen." Presently he met a group of people. They forthwith all began to whistle " God save the Queen." At last he got a norion of what was meant, coloured to the roots of his hair, and retired from the proposed field of letters. Supreme Court. — We have received from the Law Department the report of the Royal Commission appointed to en quire into the operation and effect of the present constitution of the Supreme Court of the Color.y of Victoria. FRIENDS IN NEED.—In our advertising columns will be found a list of subscribers to a fund for purchasing a house for the widow of the late Mr J. H. Tozer, who died very suddenly a few weeks ago. The deceased, who was highly respected, was for some time head-gardener at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum ; and his friends decided to purchase a house for his widow and children. The sum of £51 2s was col- lected, and the committee secured a house on the Stanley road, formerly the resi- dence of Mr R. Stugnell. The deeds of the property, handing it over to Mrs Tozer, were made out gratuitously by Mr F. H. Tuthill, solicitor, Beechworth. School Treats. — An amateur perform ance will'take place in the Court-house, El Dorado, on the 29th inst., for the pur pose of giving a treat on the 9th Novem ber (Prince of Wales' Birthday) to the scholars attending the El Dorado and Carraragarmungee State schools. At the conclusion of the performance a dance will be held ; and as the young people are anxiously looking forward to their treat, it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance on the day named. Deafness. — We notice from our adver tising columns that Professor Thornton has arrived at Beechworth, and may be consulted at Bolam's Hotel, Camp-street, for a few days only. The Professor proved his bona-fiaes by showing us a large num ber of testimonials from all partiT of the Australian colonies, and that he has effected some miraculous cures. Prince of Wales' Birthday Stouts. — On Friday evening a public meeting, con vened by Mr H. A. Crawford, President of the shire, was held in the Town Hall, Beechworth, to consider the desirability of holding sports on the 9th November. Mr Crawford (chairman) said he had called the meeting owing to a requisition being presented to him, signed by Mr John Turner and forty-four other gentle men ; and as Mr Turner was present, he called upon him to address the meeting. Mr Turner said he came there that even ing to state that when he signed the requisition he was not aware that the Foresters had made arrangements to hold sports on that day ; and therefore if ti tt meeting decided to hold sports i b - should have nothing more to do J iv i. .h it, as it would make it appear iio was opposed to that society. He su"- gosted they should join the Foresters, and if so, he would willingly give his mite. It would be perfectly suicidal to have two meetings for sports ou the same day, and as the Foresters were in the field first, they ought to be supported. The chair man stated that during the week several of the requisitionists had told him that, had they known the Foresters woiv going to have sperts on the 9tli of November, they would not have signed the requisi- ti-oii:; and they did not want to interfere with .any arrangements that had been madu.. The. Foresccrs had already g'-t the use of -the ground, and unless th«-r.. was a iiioti-.M put, the meeting would lapse. Before -dissolving the meeting he would xay that -th® matter was left in the JlMtids uaurj y writ the ca-rangements. n vv i s-..i.vext. — Peter Devmi, of Hills- V c .»reKefner and publican. Causes ! i i:.«olv...iKsv : Inability to look after liis i .-iin.-- owing to concussion of the brain, e s icH 'iv :v fa' 1 f rum a horse, ami suhse- ;ii, confinement 111 the lunatic asylum ; f llnie-tii hi business, and stoppage of or-' nr. pre vi silting hun from carrying on a p-titnlih- trade. Liabilities, £203: assets. i'i:!S lis ; deficiency, £04 Gs. Mr John " or nor, ollicial assiigncii. mim.w mem.s.— 1'ne manager of the S'ocityard Claim, Chiltern, on the 4th in,, iv!) iris: — The bed logs have been placed in position, and the erection of " horses" will be sufficiently advanced in a fen days to receive the machinery. The 1 ud ling-m of the boilers and erection of snack iv ill be completed on 7tli inst. ; Iwighty of stack, G5 feet. The surface .si, aft, from which the water for washing the washdirt will be raised, has been com pleted, and the erection of pumping ma chinery of this lift is being proceeded with. The puddling plaut is also approaching completion. mk Curnow. — " Mr Curnow, who stopped the special train at Glenrowan when the Kellys were in possession of the town, has. ' states the " Ballarat Evening 1'osf," been appointed as assistant at the llallarat Central State-school (Mr Armstrong's). Immediately after the Glenrowan tragedy Mr Cnrnow was re moved from the Scate- school at that place and given leave of absence for a time, as Mr 'Lobevc Ramsay, the then Minister of Education, thought it was not safe to allow hint to remain among the Kelly sympathisers. Since that time Mr Curnow lias been staying in Ballarat." The Bkechworth and North-Easterx aouiur i.tural and Horticulturai As sociation. — The annual meeting of the subscribers of the above association is an nounced to be held in the Town Hall, Beeehworth, on Wednesday, the 13th inst, at 2.30 p.m., when it is to be hoped there will be a large attendance. A com mittee meeting will also be held on Mon day afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Town Hall Chambers, when all members who can attend are requested to do so, as several important matters will be brought forward. Cinr.tern Annual Festival. — In our advertising columns will be found the pro gramme of events in connection with the seventh annual festival to be held in the Chiltern Park on the Prince of Wales' B irthday. The principal event of a liberal and excellent programme is the Park Handicap, of £20— to be run in three heats of 100, 200; and 300 yards, respec tively ; nominations for which must be in by the 20th instant. aldl'rv Mems. — Our correspondent on Friday writes : — On Wednesday night Sir Francis Smith, Acting-Governor of Tas mania, with Lady Smith, arrived at Wo- donga. No notice had been given, and they came across to Albury to find what accommodation they could at the Globe Hotei. Arrangements had been made for a special train from Gerogery, but no instructions had been given for a coach. However, Crawford and Co. put on a buggy at very short notice, and Sir Francis and Lady Smith started from Albury at half -past 8 o'clock on Thursday morning. Their special train for Sydney left Gero gery at 11 o'clock. Sir Henry Parkes and Mr Lackey, Minister of Works, will arrive at Gerogery to-morrow from Sydney. Mr Justice Hargreave, together with Mr Co wper, sheriff of the colony of New South Wales, arrived this afternoon, with tl-.e object of attending at the Circuit Court to be lieid here next morning. There is no police news to report. Meteorological. — At a recent meeting of of the Royal Society of Edinburgh, Prof. Piazzi Smyth read a paper, in which lie stated that the observations made at the Calton- hill prior to 1870 established three laws of occurrence— first, that every 11 years a great wave of heat struck the earth, this having occurred three times in succession — namely in 184G, 1S57, and 18GS : secondly, that each of these dates was the mark of the begining of a peri -d of remarkable solar activity ; and thirdly, that close to the heat-wave came two cold waves. Speaking in 1872, he had, lie said, in accordance with these laws, predicted that the next cold wave would be experi enced about the end of 1S78, and that the year 1878, and the year 1S80 would be warm. Cheat Potatoes. — We ' ' (Geelong Ad vertiser)" have been informed on reliable authority that so great is the abundance of potatoes in the Bungaree and surround ing districts that they are to be had at prices from 7s 6d per ton downwards on the field. The exorbitant freight by rail totally prohibits these inland growers from compitmg in the seaboard markets with any degree of success, consequently they are restricted to their local market by what cannot be considered other than an equivalent for a foreign import duty. In stances can be cited where Bungaree potatoes, when disposed of in the Mel bourne market, realised, after deducting expens -s (import duty included), the very remunerative return of eighteenpence per ten 1 Government Advertisements. — The Government have resolved upon carrying out ati important concession in the in terests of the country news papers. In future (says the Melbourne correspondent of the ilailarat " Star") all advertisements for matters of purely local interest, will appear only in the journal published in the districts in which the particular re quirement is necessitated, and not in metropolitan newspapers. Therefore, the man in the country may fi.-ul in Lis local journal all matters affecting his business, so f;ir as the Government is concerned, and will not require to wade through columns of ine'ropolitan papers to find that which they will not contain. We don't believs a word of it ! — En. A novel " Description." — Writing of a cricket match in Western Queensland, the " St. George's Standard" says : — " The Sural; team took the wickets first, and were disposed of for 52. Their opponents followed, and put together 88, but the Surat men failed in their second innings to add more than 31 to their original score, thus leaving St. George the winners in one innings by five runs. That's the resu'ir, but we're not going to put on any frills about it. As we go to press the combined teams are raising an awful dust up at Tattersall's, in which cricketers, muslin, and music are blended beyond all hope of description. It's ver,T evident this wild revelry won't be fairly over until the last man has been hooked out from under Anderson's table to-nighr, so it's perhaps just as well that we arc obliged to keep it all back for a week. A Mysterious Affair. — An impudent robbery took place at the meeting of the Avoca Shire Council on the 7th inst. Ir appears that the Council, having trans acted a portion of the business, arfjourued to dinner, about eighteen sealed tenders, containing deposit money, being left, by the secretary on the mantelpiece. After dinner the secretary reported that tin- tenders had disappeared. Search was made in every likely place without iindiir. them. a last the councillors came to th- conclui '!< tnat they had been s.oleo, mi" the p VVjlh. i' t-. '-idcrs arc SU|)pC->ed 1,0 II 'VI- Contaii. .i op ,si!s to tile amount of a i 'U: £2'i AT. -." I- council offer H reward of i.1 for u.« »'«' oi t il- tlllef. It !< a ui.V: - t Ti-tt- ..ft , . lio strangers were a. mil (il y. Assembly Ball. — a ball under the auspices of tlie Beeehworth Uuiqnc As sembly Club will take place in the Odd fellows' Hall on Thursday evening, 14tli inst. It had been previously decided to hold it on the Tuesday evening previous ; but Thursday being the day on which the Besch worth Court of Assize will be opened, it was deemed advisable to postpone the bali until that evening, to provide a feu hours recreation for the numbers who will then be in the town. HousEnoLD Economy. — Mr J. P. Wil son, of Ford-street, Beeehworth, else where in our columns notifies that eco nomy in the household may be exercised by those who visit his cheap drapery mart and select bargains from his large and well- assorted stock of spring and summer goods, just purchased. Diseases in Stock Act. — We would remind owners of stock and others interested, that this Act is now in force, having again come into operation on Mon day, the 4th inst. Received. — "Bradsliaw's Guide" for Oc tober is to hand, and is replete with every information for travellers either by road or railway. It contains, also, a variety of miscellaneous subjects that will be found useful to visitors to the colony during the time the Exhibition is open. "The Victorian Review." — The Octo ber number of " The Victorian Review " is to hand, and contains ten articles. The first one is entitled " The Atonement," and there are five portions connected with it from the pens of the Rev. Canon Hand- field, Melbourne ; the Rev. W. Hender son, Ballarat ; the Rev. Charles Strong, Melbourne ; the Rev. W. Kelly, New South Wales ; and Mr Geo. Bemerton, MA. Mr H. B. Higgins, B.A., has a paper on " The Dead Man's Grip of Land ; " and the Rev. W. Allen has a sonnet on the opening of the Melbourne International Exhibition, which concludes as follows : — Est line, time come for which true hearrs are pr.iyinr, When civic strife shall find an unwept e:nl, ur Sen-mi halls o more hear Foty s fraying, And Peace, her white win.s o'er the Win! extend ' Thee shall a new page grace the nation's -story, And liis gla-i season gain an added glnry. "'William Shakespeare" is contributed by Mr James Smith, in which the writer states that '' the most meagre biography in the English language is that which concerns the greatest name in English literature. " It could be ascertained how much a yard Manager Henslowepaid for his velvet and taffeta ; the jests of Tarleton, the clown, have been preserved ; " but not a scrap of Shakespeare's writings (other than his signature), not a fragment of his diary, not a morsel of his correspondence, not a manuscript of any description from Lis hand, remains to gratify our curiosity7. The most supremely gifted man the world has ever seen came and went like a veiled figure." The writer then proceeds to give a history of that part of Shakespeare's life that is known, and relates circumstances in connection with it. He also is of opinion that Lis early marriage did not turn out either congenial or happy ; doubts very much whether he ever visited Italy at ail, as re ported ; and states there is no direct evidence to prove that the immortal William ever crossed the Sri-aits of Dover. The article is well written, and, doubt less, will caus'e research to be made for manuscripts that will throw more light on the early days of the great poetand writer. Mr C. H. Bromby, of Tasmania, has a paper on "Lewes' History of Philosophy." The influence of climate and soil on the development of the Ango- Australian race is an interesting paper by Mr H. L. Roth, of Queensland. "Spiritualism : A con tribution to the study of its phenomena," is by Mr Vincent Cavendish. New Zealand. "Wages," by Mrs F. J. Carter, is a reply to an article contributed by Mr John Woods, in the previous number of the " Review." The writer evidently thinks very little of Mr Woods, or his opinions either ; for she states, " Harrowing pictures are drawn of the disasters which have occurred from the want of a proper answer to the ques tion : ' What is a fair day's wage !' and sensational appeals are made to somebody to furnish a reply ; but we look in vain amid the wanderings of Mr Woods's discursive fancy for a single practical suggestion or tangible direction as to show how the subject should lie dealt with. Even a straw to show which way the wind of his judgment, blows would be something to fasten upon ; but from beginning to end there is not even a hint as to its tendency, except, negatively in his denun ciation of the law of supply and demand. The subject is introduced with a flourish ; it is loaded with a quantity of extraneous matter, scraps of disjointed information are interspersed here and there ; and after some desultory information, a meteoric display of liorid language, and an orna mental quotation, the whole is concluded in an almost inextricable state of confu sion." Mr H. Mortimer Franklin, the editor, has also an interesting paper on the recent sheep show at Messrs Golds- brough and Co. 's. a Dead Give Away. — She stood in. the effulgent light of a short tallow dip, wait ing for him at the front door at 1 a.m. He came. He was husky. She didn't mind that. He was drunk — she was used to it. " Jim," she said softly, knocking him down so as to drag him up to bed easier. "Jim, did you vote?" "Yesh. dear." " You've been a long time." " Yesh, love ; poll didn't close till jess now." " Where's the money "What?" "The money." " My dear, I don't unershand." " Didn't they pay you for your vote?" "No." She looked at hi ui playfully, with a. boa constrictor tickle in her eye. " fib time women had the franchise," she i . uttered ; " the men ain't up to it." TTTen she rolled him under the bed, to be out of the way, and in the morning she got him into an asylum, under the new Punch and J uilycature Act. " He gave his vote for in 'thing," she said to the magistrate. ' Dangerous lunatic,'" wrote His Worship ; and at the next election there was a voter short. Ca rta in Staxdish. — It has not escaped the notice of some keen observers of poli tical men and manners (says the " Ballarat Star") that upon the retirement of Captain Stan dish from tie Chief Cotnniissionersliip of Police, Assistant commissioner Nicolson was gaz lited iitLii.ij commissioner merely. It is gossipped about, that there is some thing more in ihis than has up to the pre sent met the eye, and the something in question is the probability that the seat so lung occupied by the gallant captain may ere long be occupied by an lion, and gal lant. member of the House who is not un known in Ballarat. The truth, of the rumors on the subject cannot, of course, be vouched for. An Armless Bigamist. — Michael Bates, a man who has lost both his arms, was indicted at the Liverpool Assize Court for having, on April 21sc, married Elizabeth ; Marsh-ill, his former wife being then alive. The prisoner lias made a living lately by playing a dulcimer in the streets by means of two pieces of wood fastened to the sunups < ui, -i:t. -.vas caused in court by the defend ing iurrister contending that the prisoner was legally married to his first wife, a- ;i and not goins through the ritual, i in.' u .Jess, He must put the ring on h.-r is u' r. and lie must give lier his hand, \- i - » i i wliicli the prisoner coukLdo. i- v.is : u'.'od mi at Bates had not seen nor ,i i o» :us wiii for more than seven -ml i!:o jury returned a verdict of Civil Service Retrenchment. — The retrenchment scheme of the Government is now occupying the attention of Ministers who are engaged in their respective departments in considering what officers can be dispensed with without detriment to the public service. While (the " Age" remarks) it has been found that in many branches of the service highly paid officers are doing very little for their salaries, an examination of the duties and salaries of the Railway Department employes shows that retrenchment cannot be carried very far in that mrection. The highest classed station-masters, whose duties are of an arduous nature, and whose responsibilities are most important, receive considerably less than clerks in subordinate positions in the other departments, while the lower classed station-masters are in receipt of a much smaller salary. In view of the fact that each officer aspiring to the position of station master is compelled to have a thorough knowledge of goods aud pas senger traffic, shunting, signalling and telegraphy, it is considered that any re duction would not be justified. The Chief Secretarj7 has placed himself in com munication with the heads and sub-heads ot the Penal and Police departments with the view of extending the work of re trenchment to these branches of the public service. 'Hie matter, however, is one which will require careful consideration. Melbourne Wool, &c.;, Market.— Messrs R. Go'dsbrough and Co. on the 6tli inst. re port:— Wool. — Tlie opening sale of the sea son w as held at- our warehouses to-day and we offered a small catalogue of 1003 bales to test the market, most oi our principal clips bung hel-1 over for a week or two, when our large sales will fairly commence. The at tendance was probable greater than "on any previous occasion. The biddings opened and were kept up with great spirit, and prices ruled at an a-ivance of about 10 per cent, on our opening rates of last season. Inferior to good greasy ranged from to 12|d per lb. Scoured, and inferior to average condi tion, ranged from 13 I to 22 d per lb. Alto getlier the result was most satisfactory ; and if growers are reasonable in their expeeta tions. a very I-irge quantity of wool will be sold in this market. Sheepskins. — Our sales of tlie past week were well supplied, aud full rates were readily obtained for good lots. Tlie general tone of the market," however" has been rather fiat, and late rates were with difficulty maintained. Pelts are now offer ing in large quantities. We quote:— Butchers' green skins, of superior quality, up to 7s each ; do, average quality, from 4s to 6s each ; butchers' dry skins, from 2a 6d to 5s 6d each ; dry -kins, at per lb, 3d to 7-1. Hides — Tlwre is rather :t better enquiry and full rates were readily secured. We cleared a full supply at quotations, and re port a steady demand for prime lots. We quote .-—Green ox, average sizes, from 17s to 2Ss each ; do cow, do, from 12s to 17s, do Victorian salted, superior, frotu 3Jd to 4d' per lb ; average, from 3d to 3-®-d per lb inferior, from 2-1 to 3d per lb ; nips, from 2d to 3'd per lb ; calfskins, from 3d to 5d per lb. New Zealand heavies are in good request at from 3d to 4,ril per lb Kangaroo Skins. — Large, sound, fresh skins meet with brisk enquiry at from 8d to 14d per lb - average and inferior skins are only moder ately sought after. Wallaby skins realise from 6d to 9i per lb. Opossum Skios —Late r tes are steadily maintained, and there is a fair demand at quotations. The season may be expected to close sooo, but at present all offering find a sure market. We quote skins of inferior quality, from cold districts, up to 7s per dozeu ; weli-furred skins, from 3s to 6s per dozen ; small and inferior skins, from Is 6d to 3s per dozen. Rabbit skins are neglected at front lod to Is 3d per dozeu for average skins. Leather. — The market is steady at quotations, and we have effected numerous sales. Crop and kip are readily cleared We quote:— Crop, 91 to lid per ib: kip, Is to JsGdper lb; calf, 2s to 2s lod per lb ; wallaby, 2s to 3s per lb ; harness, lid to 14.d per lb ; basils, 10s to 20s per dozen. Tallow.— We have effected sales for the bulk of the supply offering at quotations ; business is cliiefly on local account, and the tone of the market is droop ing. Best mutton, f.o.b , is worth up to £29 per ton ; do beef, do, up to £27 10s per ton ; average mutton, realised from £26 to £28 per ton ; do beef, from £24 10s to £27 per ton ; mixed, from £22 to £26 per ton ; inferior from £17 to £22 per ton The New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Com pany (Limited) report :— Wool.—' The feature of interest in this market to which we have to refer is the opening sale of the season, which was held yesterday afternoon, before a very large attendance of buyers and visitors ; indeed, a larger collection than we have ever before seen in this market, there being an increased number oi foreign buyers present a fact which shows that this market is not only sustaining the position that it has hitherto gainedas the principal wool emporium of these colonies, but also fully bears out the assertion that it is daily gaining ground a1 ike in the estimation ot the buyers and the sellers. A keen desire to operate was evinced, and the lots offered competed for with great spirit, very satisfactory prices being obtained— in fact, equal to the closing rates of the last series of sales at Loudon. The majority, however, of the larger buyers evidently reserved themselves for future sales, when a greater variety will be offered ; but sufficient evidence was afforded by their attitude to show that if tlie catalogue had contained suitable lots, that their operatious would have been large aad more satisfactory. Sheepskins.— We have placed during the week a fair average supply, and there is a good enquiry at current rates. Hides — A good enquiry exists, particularly for New Zealand parcels We have placed during the week a large supply. Leather.— A steady business is being done, and there is generally a good demand. Wallaby (waxed), light calf, aud brown kangaroo are still in short supply, and crop is receiving increased attention. Kangaroo Skins. — There is a fair demand for kangaroo and wallaby, but opossum skins are being neglected on account of the increasing inferiority of the fur as tlie season advances Tallow. — This has some what suffered in value ia sympathy with the decline in the home market. We have placed, however, duriug the week , ail average supply. Hon. J. B. Patterson's idei of Rail way Construction. — In reply to a depu tation from Maldon, introduced by Mr Service, which waited upon the Minister of Railways on Wednesday, Mr Patterson said that his idea of railway construction under the new loan would be to put down as many miles of rails as possible on a good but not too expensive line and leav ing the building of stations to the future The present leader of the Opposition stated that he entirety endorsed such a policy. The Dog Nuisance. — We have fre quently had occasion to call attention to the nuisance at present existing, and daily increasing, through the numbers dogs kept in various parts of these districts ; and in the centres of population it is more particularly noticeable. That its existence is dangerous to life and property was forcibly brought under ouf xotice on Wednesday last, by seeing a mongrel grey hound tearing after a horse ridden by a lad along Camp-3treet, Beeehworth, and ok. overtaking it jumping up and catching a portion of the animal's tail m its mouth ; startling the horse, and almost unseating the rider. A somewhat similar occurrence took place near Stanley last week, when a large dog rushed at a horse ridden by a young man named Murray, and attached it in the rear, with the result that Murray was thrown from the saddle to the ground and. sustained serious injury to the knee cap, which necessitated his removal to the Ovens District Hospital, where he is still confined. We could enumerate other in stances where similar and even more serious accidents have occurred through the same cause ; and we certainly think it high tune that prompt and active measures should be taken to suppress what is now last becoming a pest, by the Dog Act being rigidly enforced. Death of New Zealand's Oldest Colo nist. — Phillip Hansen King, the oldest colonist in New Zealand (having arrived at the Bay of Islands on Christmas Day, 1814, when he was 16 months old), died at Waikatu on August 30. His brother is at present resident in Auckland, and is the eldest native-born colonist m New Zealand. The deceased's father was one of the first missionaries with Marsden. a Novel Capture with a Humorous Aspect. — a Ballarat contemporary re cords a rather novel capture of a Chinese thief as having been made by Constable Thompson a few days ago. One Win Kit called upon the constable to complain of the loss of two fowls, which he had reason to believe a new arrival named Ah Soon had pilfered from his premises. The con stable went to the residence of the accused, who on the appearance of his pursuer made off" to a neighboring hut-, where he was discovered by the astute officer up a chimney. Thompson caught the thief by the heels, and had him down in a twink ling. Even constables have their jokes, and he cuuld not resist saying, "All ! Soon you'll be in the cold, cold dungeon for this foul play." The Bank Notes Forgeries. — Our readers will remember (says the " Ballarat Star") the circumstances connected with the arrest of Henry Sawert in Fitzroy on Saturday, the 19th ult., leading to the discovery of no less than 2129 forged notes, consisting of £1 and £10 notes. They were very fair imitations, having ap parently been executed through the means of photography, the operator evidently understanding liis business. At the time of the arrest it was thought probable that the notes had been forged in Hamilton, but from the exertions of the police their source has been traced to Bal larat, and sufficient evidence obtained, it is believed, to warrant the committal of the accused on a charge of forgery and utter- ing. The following is the police account : — A groom named Biashford, residing at Ballarat East, together with a friend, was taking a walk in the neighborhood of Black Hill on a Sunday morning about five weeks ago, and whilst passing a small hut situate on the ground occupied by the Black Hill Company, lie noticed what ap peared to be two bank-notes pinned against the wall. Remarking upon this fact, together with die equally strange one that nobody appeared to be in the vicinity, he entered the hut. No person appeared to be present, but the sound of dripping water directed attention to a kind of screen, standing along one side of the erection. Looking behind this, Biashford discovered what he took to be a photographic artist. " Hallo, mate," said Biashford, " are you taking a picture?" "Yes," replied the artist, "I am trying my hand at it." "Well, if you don't mind, we'll wait and see it," rejoined the first-named. "Oh, no," said the photographer, "it will be j some time before it's ready, and I'm afraid you'd be tired of waiting. " Blash- | ford, not being particularly inquisitive, j passed on, and the whole affair left his memory until Monday, when, reading an account of the charge laid against Sewart:, he remembered the Black Hill artist, and the two bank-notes pinned on the wall of the hut. He immediately communicated liis experiences to Constable O'Brien, of the Eastern police, and that officer lost no time in proceeding to tlie building pointed out by Biashford, and upon searching it a number of bottles con taining photographer's chemicals, together with some paper resembling that used for bank-note purposes, was found ati envelope addressed to a " Mr Sewart, bootmaker, Murtoa," containing an invoice from Mr Small, dealer in photographic material, Melbourne, specifying certain articles sup plied. The whole were taken possession of, and will no doubt form the only con necting link required to sheet home the double charge against tRe prisoner, who was committed to take his trial at the Mel bourne Sessions on the Gtk October. It seems strange, though of course quite in keeping with reason, that Blashford's suspicions were not aroused when he saw the bank-notes in such a peculiar place, coupled with the artist's concealment of his operatious in a spot and at a period not altogether in accordance with ordinary custom. It has been ascertained that Sawert rented the hut where his operations were discovered from the Black Hill Com pany, at one shilling per week. Bishop Fuaseii on Elementary Educa tion. — The Bishop of Manchester in dis tributing the prize i .at Beaumaris Grammar School, remarked that the recent debate in the House of Lords on the subject of elementary education opened a most serious question. Thoughtful minds wee beginning to inquire whether quality or quantity was best ; whether it was prefer able that a large surface should be slightly scratched or a smaller surface thoroughly cultivated. He did not desire to see the old curriculum materially changed ; and, while admitting that in some respects it had been prudently widened, he feared there was danger of running to extremes by including too many and varied subjects in the educational programme. His American experience had convinced him of the prejudical effects resulting from the introduction of multifarious subjects:;/ liow children quitted school with au al-i most useless smattering of many subjects, but with complete and accu rate Bno wledge ; of none. Now that knowledge was ad-j vanning so rapidly, it was difficult to fix ai limit, but the question would have to be fought out sooner or later, and the earlier it was decided the better. He trusted the education of English boys and girls would be concentrated on a few subjects, and not scattered over many. Running a Risk. — Referring to the ab- surd regulation which requires that press men seeking admission to the Interna- tional Exhibition must first of all forward their photographs for purposes of identifi cation, the Ballarat "Courier" says : — "Some of the pressmen would seem to he running great risks, judging by the action of one we hear of. He has been away from this town some live or six years, and since he resided m Gippsland has grown a heavy beard and moustache on a face that, when he left here, was smooth as that of the fop who so riled Hotspur. He has written to a local photographer for two copies of a photo of himself taken when lie lived here. We anticipate some trouble from that child or the Cerberus that shall guard the door on the day he seeks admission to the Exhibition." 