THE CRISIS. Much capital is attempted to be made out of the Ministry's resolve to meet the House and to face a vote of want of confidence. When Parliament met on Thursday such truculent men as Messrs Dow, Mason, Yale, et hoc genus omne, gnashed their teeth at the idea that even a few days shonld interpose between them and the spoil. These patriots hanger for office — hanger for a Ministry which will give them an "Open, Sesame!" into the public departments ; and their wrath is only ontdone by their cupidity. All unprejudiced men mast, however, see that Mr Seryioe had only reverted to the good old English precedent. He met Parliament, and asked the House to nominate his successor. A practice has of late years crept into use iu England, and here, that the Premier, if defeated by the electors, shall resign ; but it has been fonnd to give rise to embarrass ment. Notably bo in the caae of the last Parliament, when donbts arose as to whether the Ministers were legally elected. Indeed, there conld be no doubt that the whole of the proceedings were highly irregular. By meeting Parlia ment, all this is obviated. In particular, the Honse is able to clearly indicate to His Excellency the Governor the gentle man who is to be his adviser. There are. donbts now as to who shonld be sent for, and there were donbts after the Febrnary election. In February the Governor mast have, no doubt, recognised that the leader of the Corner, Mr Williams, had some claims ; but in July he is placed in a greater dilemma ; for although Mr Bebby led the Opposition at the ballot-box, Sir John O'Shanassy was the man who won the batile. The Assembly alone, by its vote, can decide which gentlemam it intends should lead, and Mr Service adopted the proper and constitutional course. He had no desire to retain office, bat wished to make arrangements for supply, to give his successor ease, and to allow the As sembly to nominate the Premier. All blatant talk aside, what was there wrong in this procedure ? Nothing ; and we warrant the. men who talk so glibly abont breaking the Constitutional precedent, and all that, know in their hearts that Mr Service has done what is right, and will adopt the same coarse if ever they have the opportunity.. Re j verting to other aspects of the crisis, we| cannot but think that the constitutional cause is far from hopeless. On the con trary, the party haB only to wait to con quer: The so-called Liberal party is in 'state of disintegration ; and shonld Mr Bebby take office, he is bound to alienate a number of men, and to' probably de stroy his present majority at a blow, when a compromise party can come into I power. Analysing the Honse, we find a party of 85 staunch Constitutionalists I whom nothing can alienate. Mr Bebby has only 48 followers that were likely to go with him. Between the two parties are seven men— that ib, Messrs O'Shanassy, "Graves, Gaunson, Bolton, Wbixon, Toohey and Hunt. ' These gentlemen cannot be classed as Berryites. On the contrary, they hold views almost in accord with Mr Sebvice ; and we have little doubt that when Mr Bebby pats forth I his programme, -they will not be fonnd on his side of the House. The position will than be,'43to 42 (Mr Lalob being unable to vote) ; and it will thus be seen Mr Berry's chances of keeping office are | of. the slenderest, even if he should placate MefiferiiWRixoN and GAUNSON wjth office ; I for tbeo';he- would offend some of his best j friends who have fought with - him for I years. Probably another election will be necessary to thoroughly clear the I air. .-As tar as we. can see, every thing points to a disintegration of parties, aod the evolution of a patriotic and high class party, who will settle the reform question'and initiate a new regime. The very fact that the democratic party if self has sternly- commanded Mr Bebby to keep out of his future Cabinet firebrands and muddlers like O'Loghlen, Long- more and Woods should be assurance to j-e Constitutionalists that the political itmospbere is being purified. Now for the most difficult- problem presented to j us by the present crisis, the Catholic vote. :Sir John O'Shanassy, who assumes the ' leadership of that party, has Btated that that vote was exercised for Mr Service in February, and for Mr Bebby in July. Well, if it was, an analsyis of the figures will at once show how utterly hopeleBS it is for the party to win the concession they reqaire. In February, the Conservatives polled 64,971 ; in July, 57,412. We may fairly take the difference as the Catholic vote. So it will be seen that out of 121,844 votes cast on the 14th July, the votes which the clergy were able to in fluence were only the insignificant num ber of 7559, a quantity utterly unable to obtain a concession from either side, aitnongn ot portGHEOus use just uuwy owing to the very evenly balanced state of parties. But if there was any idea that- the Education Act was seriously in danger, we may be sure that a coalition would at once be effected, and every member who was against it would be swept out of the House. Indeed, it has only been because the electors have been so secure that it is impregnable, and so busy with more exciting questions, that the small number of O'Shanassy men have been allowed to creep in, including the chief himself. Should the O'Shanassy party persist in disturbing the equili brium of politics, rendering the elections a farce, and continue the policy of tVirnwincf Ministrv after Ministrv out. we trnBt that Mr Service and Mr Berry will at once meet, and, as was done in New South Walesby Sir John Robert son and Sir Henby Parkes, agree upon a common platform, eschewing questions upon which they are at variance, and effectually crash out this undesirable factor in our politics, which, if allowed to ran rampant-, will make us the laugh ing-stock of the world. Indeed, we note that friends of both gentlemen have broached the matter, and we feel that the anion of the two chiefs would lead to a moderate policy and good government. Whatever may result, we feel confident that, although oar party may not hold the reins, its policy will be adopted, and that it is a great triumph, and shows that our principles are accepted by the people. Opening of Parliament. — Both Houses will meet this (Tuesday) afternoon at two o'clock. The Governor will attend in the Legislative Council Chamber at the hour stated, and formally open Parliament in the usual way. At the conclusion of His Excellency's speech, both Houses will then adjourn for a short time, and on re assembling the address in reply to the Governor's speech will, in all probability we learn, be moved by Mr Zincke, and seconded by Mr Officer. Either Mr Berry or Sir John O'Shanassy will move an amendment. Extra Polling-Places. — The State- schools at Brookside and Buffalo River have been appointed additional polling- booths for the west riding of the shire of Bright. , Contracts Accepted. — Messrs H. A. Crawford and Co.'s tender for the con veyance of mails for the year 1880-81 in the Beechworth district has been accepted for the sum of £6067 los 4d. ' Clerk of Courts. — Mr G. W. F. I Patterson has been appointed registrar of I the County Court, clerk of the court of mines, and clerk of petty sessions at IChiltern and Rutherglen; also clerk of petty sessions at Wahgunyah during the I absence of Mr T. K. Mem. I New Magistrates. — The following gentlemen have been appointed to keep the peace within the northern bailiwick : — | Mr H. A. Crawford, Beechworth ; Mr J. |Haig, Yackandandah ; Mr A. Kilgour, Chiltern; and Mr H. Wraith, Harriet- I ville. I PakliamentaryUsages. — The folio wing | clipping from an English paper of the 11th I May will be read with interest, as apropos | of the recent proceedings in the Victorian | Parliament " The election of Speaker | and the swearing-in of members were the chief, occupation of Parliament during last | week's sittings. There is a good deal of | quaint ceremonial in connection with the choice of Speaker, and the formalities, in which Black Rod and the Lord Chancellor bore a prominent part, were all gone through with a strict adherence to the letter of parliamentary regulations. In | order to preserve a due impression of the dignity of the office, it is generally old members who undertake to nominate and second the nomination of the Speaker. On the present occasion the proposer was | Thomas Acland, who had a seat in the last | Parliament of William IV. 's reign, and the | seconder was Sir Philip Egerton, who I has represented one of the divisions of | Cheshire for the long period of forty-five years. It is veteran members like Sir | Thomas and Sir Philip who form links not only between one Parliament and another, but also between one political generation land another. What interesting remini- iBcences they might indite of the long term of their parliamentary life ! Before his election took place, when he appeared, on the floer.of the House in ordinary I morning dress, there was nothing to distinguish Mr Brand particularly from other members. But. it was a very dif- : ferent thing, at the close of the ceremonial, when he resumed his chair in full canonicals; with the ' bush of horsehair' -on his head. Mr Gilpin, ' in writing to Addington, who was one of Mr Brand's last-century predecessors, described the Speakership as being of the £ most awful poets! he knew.' Lord North's son, after- | wards Lord Guilford, has left upon record an account of the. fearful effect produced | in his mind by the Speaker's wig when he rose to make his first speech and last speech in Parliament. He' said : — ' I j brought, out one or two sentences, when a j mist seemed to, rise, -..before t iny. eyes ; I then lost my recollection,; and could see nothing but- the "Speaker's wig, which swelled, and swelled,- and swelled till it covered the whole House. - I -then , sank back on my seat, and never attempted another speech, but' quietly accepted the Chiltern . Hundreds, assured that - Parlia ment was not my vocation.' The Speaker's wig had apparently about as much effect: upon ,thiB unfortunate member '!as the 'gory locks' of Banquo's ghost upon Macbeth ." Retracted. — We notice that the " Age" has in its Saturday's issue with drawn the malicious statement- published I in its columns a short time since, to the jeffdeit that '.Messrs Swallow and; Ariel j I biscuit manufacturers, of Sandridge, had I discharged a number of their workman in consequence "of their political opinions! The proprietary of the journal in question were threatened by the firm maligned with jan action for libel — damages, £5000 — I unless a public apology for the slanderous publication were made. " Atticus," in J the ' ' Leader," has likewise regretted hav- | fug fallen into the same error in . the fE-atier, all costs incurred in which have I been paid by the offending journal. Parliamentary.— The Legislative As- J sembly, in pursuance of the motion carried on Thursday niglit by the Opposition, met 1 on Friday afternoon at 4 o'clock, " says the Telegraph," and Mr Service at once moved the adjournment of the House I until Tuesday. This was opposed by Mr Berry, who desired to know what course I the Government intended to take. If the motion of want of confidence, of which lie I gave notice on Thursday, was allowed to be carried first, he had no objection to the adjournment, but otherwise the House | should only adjourn from day to day. Mr Service declined to accede to the re quest, and the motion for adjournment was then negatived without a division. Mr Berry then moved — " That this House takes the earliest opportunity of informing his Excellency that his advisers do not possess the confidence of Parliament." 1 Mr Service rose to a point of order, con tending that it was incompetent for such a I motion to be received until after the Queen's speech, disclosing the purpose for which Parliament had been called to gether, had been delivered. He quoted ! from " May" on the subject, to show that according to Parliamentary practice no business could be taken until after the speech had been delivered, and stated that it was a matter of indifference to the Go vernment whether they went out on Fri day or Tuesday, and that this Parliament had been summoned much earlier after the return of the writs than had ever been done before, and contended that the ac tion of the Opposition was unparliamen- tary unconstitutional, and unprecedented. I Mr Berry argued that although it might I be unusual, the circumstances justified the I Opposition in the course they had adopted. A lengthy debate ensued, in which Messrs M'Kean, Gaunson, Fisher, and L. L. Smith, supported the Opposition, and Messrs Wrixon and Gillies the Govern ment ; the former gentleman stating that | the proceedings in his opinion were un constitutional, and for that reason, when the vote on the motion was about to be taken, he declined to vote, and left the Chamber. The Speaker, who had to de cide whether it was competent for him to receive such a motion, said he had taken the precaution of looking up some prece dents, and writing down his opinion, which he read, and which briefly was to the effect that the motion could be put. Mr Service then stated that while bowing to the ruling of the Speaker, hon. mem bers on that side of the House felt so strongly on the subject that they did not intend to take part in any debate that might arise. The Premier then left the I House, followed by the other members of 1 the Ministry and their supporters present. Mr Berry's motion was then put, and I carried nem con. , the Ministerial benches I being unoccupied ; and the House, at nine teen minutes past 6 o'clock, adjourned until 2 o'clock on Tuesday 1 Railway Works. — The contractors, Messrs Stevens and Kyle, for the erection ef the passenger station at Albury (says | the "Border Post") are making very fair progress in the work, notwithstanding the adverse state of the weather. The whole of the foundations are laid out and excavated, together with a water tank to hold 20,000 gallons of water from the roofs of the buildings. While most of the excavations consisted of sand, this portion was of a hard clay ; in fact, so hard that it had to be blasted. The foundations throughout have two feet of I cement concrete under the brickwork ; and the tower, which is excavated to a depth of 13 feet, has four feet of cement concrete. The tower foundation is 13 feet deep by 17 feet square, with walls three feet six inches thick ; there is some 300 yards of concrete in the foundations. The contractors have erected a dam on the east side of the works, and have laid down 1,200 feet of piping, by which means they have secured a supply of water, by gravitation, that enables them to lay the water on at any desired spot. Owing to the unsettled state of the weather, the brick-making operations have been retarded; still the contractors hope to have, in the course of a month, a first deliver' from the kiln, and after that once a fortnight.. They have erected two very substantial kilns, capable of burning 100,000 bricks each. The whole of the building operations are under the Govern ment inspector, Mr Beer, who has been inspector of the contracts on this line for nearly .16 years, past. i St. Luke's Church, Wodonga. — The annual soiree was held in the Prince of Wales' Hall, on Wednesday, 21st inst., the Rev. J. A. White in the chair. The hall was crowded to its utmost capacity. Some convenience was occasioned when the caterer found himself requisitioned by a much larger number of persons than he had expected. The indefatigable sec retary drew up an excellent programme of vocal and instrumental music, which was well rendered by the following ladies and gentlemen : — Mrs Gray, Misses Black- inore, Bailey, Davey, McKoy, Adams and Smith, and Messrs Gray, Clarke, Adams, Merrin, and the minstrels. During the evening an effective address wa3 delivered by the Rev. W. G. Hind- ley, of Oxley. Votes of thanks were given to those who presented the tables, to the ladies, performers, and willing workers who had assisted at the soiree. Melbourne Stock Market. — Messrs John George Dougharty and Co. report on Wednesday : — Fat Cattle. — 1996 came forward for the week's supply.- And not withstanding the full attendance of town and country buyers, opening sales were dull at fully 10s per head below last week's improved rates, and continued so until towards the close, when, the demand be came firmer, closing Bales showing a slight improvement on the opening. We sold— 141 bullocks and cows from Bringenbrong, Upper Murray, £5 15s ; 44 do for Mr C. j :H. Dight, Bungowannah, to £7 17s 6d ; J '30 do for Mr F. Street, Baranduda, to j £5 17s 6d ; 22 do for Mr J. Hunt, Bow- j man's Forest, to £3 T7s 6d ; 20 do' and j cows for Mr C. Higgins, Bethanga, tol £6 7b 6d ; 20 bullocks for Mr H. Richard- 1 son, Wodonga West, to £6 17s Gd ; 20 do for Mr J. Reid;' Benalla, to £5 ; 11 do for Messrs Connor Bros., Bowman's Forest, to . £4 15s ; 11 do for Mr W. Burrows, Rutherglen, to £5 7s 64. Fat Calves.— 151 penned, the quality on the whole being only medium. For anything prime the demand was good, and for such high rates were obtainable ; best in making from 35s to 45s, .We sold — 26 for Mr H. j Vandenberg, Everton station, to 34s ; 18 fpr.MrJ. Reid, Benalla, to 42s. Fat Sheep. — 9738 only, yarded — which in- cludei four flocks of merino wethers from j Riverina. There was also a fair propor- I tion of crossbreds forward,, but few ewes. I Notwithstanding the small number in, the | market opened dull at a decline upon last week's rates, which was more particularly I noticeable towards theVdose, when areduc- 1 tion of fully Ib per head had to Be sub- mifcted. to, in order to effect a clearance. I Fat Lambs.— 602 penned, and, though a small supply, quite sufficient for the de mand. The quality being, ton the whole, good, sales were readily effected, and all lots cleared .out early at prices quite equal to last week's ruling rateB, best in making up to lis 6d for crossbreds, and to lis for merinos. Horses. — We have no improve- 1 ment to report in this class of stock, the demand being rather slack, and nothing but the best descriptions in good condition making satisfactory prices. Since onr last report we have sold a few hacks and light harness horses, at late quotations. j Beeghwobth Police Court. —On 'Mon day, before Mr J. Ingram, J.P., James McDonald, an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, was charged by the police with being drunk and disorderly the previous day. The accused, after being admonished by the Bench, was discharged. The court then adjourned. Insurance. — Mr E. G. Nethercott has, it will be seen on reference to an adver tisement which appears elsewhere, been appointed the Beechworth agent of the Royal Fire and Life Insurance Company, the invested funds of which exceed £4,000,000. Mr Wm. McCulloch.— This gentleman I elsewhere intimates that he has withdrawn his candidature for the Hon. Wm. Wilson's seat in the Legislative Council, in favor of Mr J. G. Dougharty. He will, how ever, contest the Hon. Wm. Highett's seat, which becomes vacant in August, j Correction. — We have been requested to correct an error which has crept into our report of the proceedings in the Beech worth Police Court, on Friday last, wherein it was stated that a man named McSwiney was charged with "larceny." I It should have been with " lunacy." I Municipal. — Notwithstanding that the I time is close at hand when the annual I municipal election will take place, we have I not yet heard of any candidates for muni- 1 cinal honors intending to come forward to seek the suffrages of the ratepayers of the Beechworth United Shire Council, and contest either of the four seats rendered vacant by the resignation, through effluxion of time, of Councillors Lang and Lyon, for the Shire Riding ; and Crawford and Warner, for the Borough. In the Yackandandah Shire, the retiring coun cillors are : For the A ackandandah Riding, Mr D. Robinson ; for the Kiewa Riding, Mr Wallace ; and for the Barna- I wartha Riding, Mr Cox. While admitting I that the gentlemen above-named may be I considered by the ratepayers to be compe tent to administer local government, and I are fully qualified to again fill the posi- I tions they have severally occupied in the past, we hope to see other aspirants for I the honor come forward to contest the I election ; and by healthy competition I evince a desire to represent their fellow- I ratepayers at the council- table. I Accidents. — On Saturday afternoon as I a little girl, a daughter Mrs Youngman, lat the Woolshed, was watching a man cutting chaff, she incautiously put her hand in the machine, with the result that one of her fingers was completely severed from the hand, and another one left hanging by a bit of skin. The little sufferer was immediately conveyed to the Wangaratta Hospital to have her injuries attended to. We learn with regret that Mr O'Keefe, commercial traveller, while skating at Wodonga last week, fell and sprained his ankle badly, necessitating his removal for medical treatment. United Shire of Beechworth. — Messrs John Lang and George Lyon notify elsewhere that they again seek re election for the shire riding of Beech- j worth. An impression prevails in some quarters that ratepayers residing in the borough are not eligible for seats in the shire and vice versa, — but this is erroneous, as the Supreme Court has ruled other wise. Further Trouble for the "Age." — The " Age" is now in a measure expe riencing the results of the slanderous un truths with which — while pretending to j uphold the cause of Liberalism in Victoria, | and in pandering to the tastes ©f the sensa- j tion- loving section of its readers — its columns have of late been replete. The last instance is that in which Mr John I Mclntyre, late M.L.A. for Sandhurst, has j instituted an action, claiming £5000 dam ages, for libel. The alleged libel, is to the effect that Mr Mclntyre was bribed by the Government by an appointment of his son, was published in the " Age" on the day preceding the general election under j the heading "Facts for the Electors." | State-school Concert at Rutherglen. — The concert held on the evening of Tuesday, the 20th inBt., for the purpose of raising funds to purchase prizes for the children of the Rutherglen State-school (No. 522), was highly successful. The j entertainment was of a very pleasing and interesting character. The children, to the number of over 200, under the con- ductorship of Mr B. J. Smyth, teacher of music to schools, sang part songs in a | manner that reflected the highest credit j on their preceptor, more especially when it is considered the short time and few opportunities Mr Smyth has had to prac tice with the children. Mr and Mrs Camm sang the duet, " How Hard it is to say Farewell" very sweetly. Miss Cross ; J sang " Avon Waters" and the "Blue | Alsatian Mountains" in a manner that was j highly appreciated by the audience. Miss Cadwallader sang " I Built a Bridge of Fancies," and "To the Woods," in a very pleasing style, and Miss E. Rue sane "The Gipsy's Warning," and "When Other Lips," with very good effect, and was _ deservedly applauded. Mr J. ? Leslie, from Corowa, gave the Death of Nelson' in splendid style, and was enthusiastically applauded. Mr J. B. Smyth sang " The Bellringer" in a manner that elicited the warmest applause from aU present. Mr Cadwalleder san« the ... Good Rhine Wine" and "The Mountebank" in good style; and Mr McKay sang the " Beautiful Isle of the Sea and " Thou Art so Near and Yet so Far in an excellent manner. Darin® the ! mter val.Mr Thomas Reeve, Chairman of the Board of Advice, in a few remarks, thanked the audience for the manner in which they had responded to the efforts made by the Board of Advice to make the present gathering a success— which it undoubtedly was— and great credit was due to Mr: Smyth and the lady andi gentlemen amateurs for the musical treat they had all so much enjoyed. The pro gramme haying been gone through Mr R. I Crabb gave a short address, noinfinv the great privileges enjeyed by the people of this colony, more especially with regard to education, and proposed a vote of j thanks to Mr Smyth and to the lady and j gentlemen amateurs, which was carried by acclamation. The entertainment con- eluded by the children Singing God Save the Queen. False Rumours.— There have been a whole lot of ugly rumours (says "John Peerybingle") since polling day about the various men that have been returned, and I have been asked to contradict some of them. To start with, there's no truth in the. statement that Jack Gardiner is to I "upply the new law courts and the gaol with clocks. It's only a base invention of the enemy. There's no truth in the state ment that the mah who beat Lyell on the Hill owes twelve months' pew rent, and I that his wife promised, if her husband was .elected, she would pay his debts. Ifc'a all I bosh about Story having promised to teach the sons of the- Hotham Liberals the secrets of his trade, and to give them a hfrt in his late business. It's all bunkum that F. C. Mason aquared the sporting electors up his way by offering t# pay back beta ; and there's no more truth in this I han that L. L. Smith . distributed ten cases of Ins pills throughout Richmond to cure nervous debility. All these rumours are untrue, and I have pleasure in contra dicting them. jCorowa Mems. -rrf Our 'correspondent writes :— Professor Pepper' held his' 'first entertainment at the School of Arts, Corowa, on the evening of Thursday, 22nd inst. The attendance was not so large as was expected ; but those present cer tainly highly appreciated the lecture. If we can form any judgment by the en thusiastic manner in which he was re ceived, pleasing and instructive as the lecture was, the way the professor illustra ted sound, to the eye as well as to the ear, was most remarkable and beautiful. All I can say is, that the only drawback is that we cannot have the lecturer's longer residence in the district. I remember at tending one of the Drofessor's lectures at the Royal Polytechnic, London, in the year 1851, when I was a youth, little thinking that in the course of years I should see him in Australia. Messrs Hudson and Leslie, of Corowa, have been the agents of our enjoying two of the most instructive and pleasing evenings that have been placed before the public in this district ; and I am sure both gentle men deserve the best thanks for the splendid manner they have, at much ex pense and trouble, induced the professor to pay this district a visit. Messrs Fand and Piggin sold at McSweeney's hotel, Corowa, on Monday last, the right of having the booth at the Pastoral and Ag ricultural show, to be held at Corowa on the 5th August next, to Mr Hampton, of the Terminus Motel, tor 1us. m day long the weather has been very cold and showery, though at times there was a little delusive sunshine. On July 14th, L9 cattle .crossed the river at Wahgunyah, from Mr . A. M'Nab; Corowa. On the 20th, 93 3i sheep from Mr D. S. Waller, Brookong. This is .the largest number of sheep that ever crossed the Murray at Wahgunyah in one flock. On the 23rd, 1784 sheep, from Mr J. Brundele. North Goonatnbil crossed. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. —In conse quence of the lowest tenderer not pro ducing the required security for the fulfil ment of the contract for alterations and repairs at the Ovens Benevolent Asylum, the next one on the list, that of Messrs Gamil and Wheeler, for £283 7s, has been accepted, and the necessary bonds duly signed. Mr H. A. Crawford. — This gentleman elsewhere announces that he is. a candi date for re-election at the forthcoming municipal election to a seat in the Beech- ; worth United Shire Council, for the re- < presentation of the Borough Riding. i Transfer of License.— The licensing magistrate, Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., on Monday, granted authority to D. Robin son and G. Reid, executors of the late John Beggs, Royal Hotel, Yackandandah, for a transfer of the license to Catherine Beggs, relict of the deceased, to act as their agent and carry on the business. Larceny. — At the Wangaratta Police Court on Thursday last, John Wall, an old offender, well acquainted with the precincts of the Beechworth Gaol, was charged with stealing a hat of the value of 7s 6d. John Jackson deposed that he was a laborer in the employ of Mr Wm. Painter, of the Sydney Hotel ; last Mon day he missed a hat from the harness-room of the stables, and had reason to suspect the prisoner, as he was in the room a short time before the hat (which he valued at 7s 6d) was missed. Wm. Betts, farmer, Three Mile Creek, Wangaratta, deposed that on Tuesday last he bought a hat from the prisoner ; the hat produced was the one he purchased from him ; witness gave him two shillings for it ; prisoner said he got it from a man of the name of Brien, with some other things, in return for some work. After hearing some further evidence, the prisoner was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Beechworth Gaol. Football.— A team of the Beechworth Football Club proceeded to Corowa on Saturday to play the return match with the Border United Club. It was intended to play a twenty-a-side match, but at the last moment, only fifteen of the Beechworth men put in an , appearance, which was rather discouraging. It unfortunately happened that five or .six members who I had. promised to play were unable to do so, and the team that went to the Border town was, in consequence, a very weak one. Play commenced at 3 o'clock, Miller acting as captain for the Beech worth men, and Levin for the Border J United. The visitors had to contend against the strongest team that could be got together ; and to make matters worse, Smith and Springthorpe were rather severely injured at the commencement of the game, ana their services had conse quently t© be dispensed with, which made matters look anything but pleasant for the Tadmorites. However, the thirteen played a stubborn game throughout, and when time was called seven goals were | credited to Corowa, and two (kicked by | Patterson) to Beechworth. It will be remembered that at the commencement of | the season, on the occasion of the Border I team visiting Beechworth, the latter scored | five goals to their ppponents' one ; so that j makes matters equal. An arrangement | was entered into on Saturday between the two clubs to play a. conquering game at Wangaratta about the second Saturdav in I j August ; and as each side will go in with a full determination to score a win, a very excitable game is anticipated. ' Art Treasures Exhibition. — The com mittee of management of the Beechworth Free Public Library and Burke Museum are making extensive preparation for the display of a number of oil- paintings and other works of art in the institution. An appeal has"been made to several residents of the district for the loan of pictures, &c.;, which has been heartily responded to; and the hon. secretary (Mr Arundel), as sisted by two or three members of the commtttee, is busy in carrying out the undertaking. The annual meeting of the subscribers takes place on Thursday next, when it is anticipated everything j will be in readiness for the display of one | of the fiuest exhibitions of its kind ever 1 seen in Beechworth The library now! I contains a large number of books ; indeed, it is considered to be one of the finest j institutions out of Melbourne ; aiid; the committee are under the impression that j the holding of an art exhibition will be the j means of more interest being taken in it by the public. It is therefore "to be | hoped that toe, efforts and anticipations of the committee will he crowned with success, and be toe means of increasing the number of subscribers. | Lecture at Rutherglen. — The Rev. Henry Scott, of Fdotscray, is to deliver I his popular and interesting lecture en- 1 titled " Two Hours" i Ireland with toe I at the Town Hall, Rutherglen, this | (Tuesday) livening. ' ' I Leases Approved.— Thomas Bain, 37a, I Eurandelong ; Martin Sheedy, 58a lr 17p, I Tarrawingee ; Phillip Julian Jephcott. 79a I 3r 24p, Tintaldra ; Qhon Noey, 49a 2r 33p, Gundowring ; Thomas Maddison, 100a lr l2p, Towong; Maafet'' White, 319a lr 26p; Hinnomunjie ; John | Hammon, 319a3r21p, Boomahnoomoonah. i Licenses Approved. — David Green, 160a, Taminick ; Charles H. Hensley, 21a, Byawatha ; Archibald Blair, 247a, Wahba : Emily Fade, 78a, Cudgi wa ; Hugh Jone, . lr 14p, P-m-punkah ; j Edmund Barker, 'imi. .- 17;». Whurouly ; I George Chambers, 17a, Berringa. J MojTOAY'EvEning's , Entertainment: About .itwo huiidred- persons assembled in the" Oddfellows'. Hall, Beechworth; '.to/ lis! . ten to a lecture entitled " Two Hours in- . Ireland with the Irish," delivered by the Rev. Henry F. Scott, of Footscray. Mr Fredk. Brown, J.P., occupied the chair, and fittingly introduced the lecturer, who treated his subject in a most masterly and felicitous manner, and during the delivery of liis eloquent discourse, which was replete with anecdotes and happy allu sions, was loudly and justly applauded ; the audience feeing at times convulsed with merriment, and at others moved almost to tears by the true pathos introduced. To apply an old saying, slightly altered, the lecture, which was throughout listened to with rapt attention and interest, was in structive to all, offensive to none — not even the most ardent son and lover of old Ireland, among whom the rev. gentleman maybeclassed. Theentertainment was most fittingly varied by the following recherche programme of musical selections, which were rendered in each instance most effec tively, and, taken as a whole, tended to materially add to the enjoyment of the evening : — Pianoforte solo — " Norma" — Miss Dreyer ; "Alice, Where art Thou?" — Miss Clara Wertheim ; "Oh Erin, my Country" — Miss Winifred Carew ; "The Irish Emigrant" — Mr J. F. Daniell ; "Sainted Mother" (duet) — Misses Clara and Amelia Wertheim : " Killarney" — Miss Higgins ; " The Harp that once through Tara's Halls" — Mr Jas, Cunningham; "Pat Molloy" — Mr C. J. O'Sullivan. Miss Moore and Herr Scliluter acted as accompanists to several of the singers. At the conclusion of the entertainment, Mr W. H. Foster, P.M., proposed a hearty vote of thanks to the reverend lecturer for the treat afforded those present. The proposition was re sponded to by heartyacclamation. Mr Scott, in a pithy speech thanked the audience for the compliment, and said that his visit to Beechworth would ever remain a green spot in his memory. A vote of thanks was also, on the motion of the reverend gen tleman, accorded the ladies and gentle men who by their music rendered even ing a most enjoyable one. A number of the audience having expressed a desire of : again hearing the Rev. Mr Scott on a ' similar occasion, that gentleman stated that in all probability he would visit the district in September next, when he would be willing to accede to the request. Christ Church, Beechworth.— The Rev. Henry F. Scott, of Footscray, on Sunday last preached in the above church two eloquent and impressive sermons, which were, on each occasion, listened to most attentively by large congregations. The text chosen in the morning was the 8th verse of the 27th Psalm — "When thou saidst, Seek ye my face, my heart said uxto thee, Thy face, Lord, will I seek." In the evening the subject ef the discourse was the 31st verse of the 40th chapter of Isaiah — ' ' But they that wait . upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles ; they shall run, and not be weary ; and they shall walk, and not faint." In the afternoon the reverend gentleman took the opportunity of addressing a few appro priate remarks to the children attending , the Sunday-school. 