A PLEA. Much has been written en chess; dry disserta tion, drier theories and praxes, romance, poetry, and even ghost stories ; but within the short compass of a column we have never read any thing better on the royal game than the ' Plea' we append. Chessplayers will read it with pride and elation, but we fear that non-players will regard it with wonder and incredulity. Before auy such reject it as the phantasm of au enthusiast let them learn the game and judge for themselves. We commend the article specially to one correspondent, who, from a distant town of New Sou h Wales, writes us that his^efforts 10 encourage ctieBS amongst his towns men have been fruitless, because of a craze for rinking. We are indebted to the Holyoke Tran script for the ' Tlea^:— a There are tricks iu all trades, even in that of a journalist I feared to boldly entitle this an article on chess, lest those unacquainted with the royal game might pass it by as of no interest to them. But it is the attention, of this dais, rather than those who play chess, that I wish to hold for a little while. What is chees ? All know it is a game. If they know no more they class it among the rest cf games, or at best but a little higher. They admit that it is to them an unexplored sea, bat after ail believe it to be a shallow one. Farther than tnis ic is not natural that they should go. It is hard to comprehend or believe that any mere game can in point oi difficulty be raised so the level of a serious science ; that the compli cation of the movements of thirty-two pieces on sixty-four squares may be made a matter of fo serious a study as the grander movements of the planets. And yet this is true. There is no science more difficult to master, and perhaps none otLer in which natural aptitude is so necessary to success. Enveloped in the mystery of an Eastern birth, it has been played and studied for ages, and yet its resources seem in finite, and its possibilities as iuexiiaastibie as thought. These are only assertions. I will not attempt to prove them. To him who has gone soma little way beyond the threshold of the mysteries ot chess proof is unnecessary; to him who has not it,is impossible. I make these assertions assured of' their tiuth, assured that this mare game is worthy the consideration of the greatest minds. But do not misunderstand, worthy only of the consideration of their hours of recreation. Iuto its depths there is no need to go; there are pearls upon the surface well worth the seeking, 'l'his i-i one of its greatest advantages. If at whist we play poorly our partner suffers and is enraged, if at billiards we count slowly we are easily tired and disgusted. At chess we are re sponsible to no one, and enjoy our shallow de signs as much as the great player his profound combinations. Its sources of pleasure do not end with act pal contest. Tbe games of great masters are upon record ; the chess conceptions of fertile brains in the form of problems may ba obtained by thousands. Given thirty -two pieces and sixty four squares, aad we need no adversary. We can fight the battles of adepts over again, and search amid the intricacies of problems for the golden key which unlocks the whole. Chess is a mental disciplinarian of the highest order. Benjamin Franklin when he said thac the faculties of foresight, circumspection, aud caution might be so developed by chess play aa to become habitual in the sterner battles of life was so doubt enthusiastic at the expense of correctness, but that like algebra it develops and strengthens the powers of the mind there can be no question ; as it calls into continual use the faculties of imagination, memory, and analysis, the result must be the strengthening of those powers for other purposes. When we lift weight at the gymnasium we accomplish nothing directly, but the muscle is made larger and firmer, and in good time our strong right arm may save a life. ' But,' asks one, ' if chess be such a wonderful thing, if its intricacies are so many, its depths i o profound, is it a recreation1} Minds fretted, burdened, dizzy, need rest; will it give them hat '?' Yes. The brain unlike the body can never find reposeful idleness. Even in sleep it wanders through a realm of dreams. Its only rest is in forgetfulness and change. And these, by reason or its absorbing nature, chess gives as does nothing else. 'Xhe writer knows by ex perience how completely it shuts out all the world ! Warriors have found in it a sweet re lief from scenes of slaughter, and statesmen for gotten in its mazes the cares of diplomacy. ' But,' says an objector, ' life is too short for chess. One cannot call a game that is a matter of two or three hours' study, an amusement.' In this lies an almost universal error. Ik is true, to play chess well requires deliberation, but it may be played and often is with all the rapidity of the childish euchre. But the objector, not yet silenced, repeats the old saw that ' what is worth doing at all is worth doing well,' aad adds — 'If I care not to take the troibletodo it well, I will not do ib at all.' One caunos help thinking what humbugs those old saws are. We do necessary and important things every day of our lives which we neither do nor cau do well ; and certainly even if the ancient proverb be in the main true, it can soarcely be applied to amusement, the end of which is pleasure, and the trifier at chess receives as much, and perhaps more pleasure, than he who sounds its profundities. But one is justified in taking still higher grounds. There is no game surrounded by so pure a moral atmosphere as chess. Its associa tions are not with the sample-room and gam bling-hell. It brings not the flush of the mad passion of play to the cheek ; no man can serve chess and rum. It is the natural foe of excess in any direction. Ic demands a steady nerve and unclouded brain. It is no exaggeration to say that I am pre&enting; something for the consideration of fathers and mothers. Where does your son find his pleasures? Do you know ? Do you dare to know ? The other day I was at the Philadelphia Chess Club and saw numbers of young men (wasting precious time, you may think) playing or watching ches*. There was deep interest, kindly feeling, even merriment there, but bo profanity, drunken ness, nor passion. An hour Iat6r, but a few doors away, I heard the ribald songs of a troop of half- drunken boys. Fathers and mothers, is it a light thing what the amusements of your sons shall be? A word to the fair sex. Da you know that around this game there hang the perfumes of sweet love romances ? That while lustrous eyes have strayed over tbe checkered field to fiud a mate, hearts have mated with scarce so much of seeKh'g? Why, fair one, love and chess are twin conspirators to steal men's hearts ! Coma, will you aot play? If you are single, chess bribes you with a husband ; if you have one already, throw its magic spell about him, and keep him home at night. «? What is writ is writ, Would it were worthier.' I have endeavored in a few words, to present some of the claims of this noble game to those who know nothing of it. Its inexhaustible wealth cannot be shown, that is for the seeker alone. If this article shall call the attention of \- f any towards it, it will have done its work well. And if cheeB deserveB theBe praises should it not become a more popular, even a national amusement? Is it not a burning shame that when in London half a dozen athletes, wich mentality at zero, walked till muscle aud sinew were one great aching pain, their brutal endu rance was cabled all over the world, while the progress of the great international chess tourna ment at Paris in 1878 was hardly noticed, and then only in a blundering way ? Let us hope for better things, for in the language of another, 'Chess is the queen and empress if games, and tbe rest are scarcely worthy to tie her shoe.' Mr. Matthew Burnett held a second open- air meetig on Friday, June 18, at Hind marsh, opposite the Wesleyan Church. Tnere was a very large gathering. His Worship the Mayor of the town presided, and selections from Sankey's songs were sung by a united choir. After an address from the chairman, and a few words from the Rev. J. McEwin, Mr. Burnett delivered bis address on ' The March of the Great Destroyer Arrested.' ? 