Itotdrt 3Watclt. PUBLISHED EVERY WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY HORNING. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 17, 1880. THE RAILWAY BAILS SWINDLE. THE colony is indebted to Mr. West-Erskine for the full Anil clear manner in which the gigantic swindle of Messrs, Hopkins, Gilkes, & Co. was exposed in tii^ Afisemhly-lftefc -Tuesday; Some three years Ago fcjiese gen tlemen obtained a large contract to supply the Government with rails for the railways tjien in hand. It then appears tliey delibe rately .set their wits to work to impose upon the Goverofli^fli; by supplying not only a very inferior article, flvit was so dangerous that its use would «c*krcely fiaye failed in leading to much loss auil probably fcp $ gfctap catastrophe. Fortunately the swindle brought to light before many of the worthies rujlsj hfl4 been used by. the action of a man named BteJwds in the employ of the con tractors. He first warned the Apent-General of the malpractices going P8{,mid afterwards, 011 that gentleman not taking on his information, the Government. When enmiuy did fcaj>e place, whicli was liot till some 14,000 toiw oi the rails had been delivered, the allegation* of Richards were found to be only too trus. This is how the lawyers employed in England }>y the Gov ernment explain the * gross euim% "We must say ve were amazed at some of the revelations Richards made to us. Ac cording to him Mgssrs. Hopkins & Co., instead of malting the whole pi the rails for this contract from pig-iron of a uniform quality, had say 10 per cent, of good pig-iron .apd 90 Ser cent, of bad. They systematically pro. uced, roughly speaking, 10 per cent, of the order of good rails, and these were com monly called in the works ' test rails.' The whole of the rails, i.e.., the whole 100 per cent., were placed on benches in tiers and the small quantity of 'test rails' were placed 1 in such a position about the centre of the parcel as to attract the Inspector, and the Inspector was gently led up to this part of the parcel, so that he might select some of these ' test rails' for the purpose of testing. If the Inspector on any particular morning evinced an indisposition to be led to this par ticular place and chose rails from what we call the 90 per cent., and directed some of them to be tested, he was immediately de coyed away in the direction of the testing house, whjch was 300 or 400 yards off, and the men were told not to take to the testing house the particular rails which the Inspec [ tor had expressed his desire to have tested, but some of the others or 'test I rails.' When the inspection had been going on for some time, Mr, Willis (the Inspector) said more than once to Richards that he was very much dissatisfied with the rails, for even some of those which he had tested broke in the test, and that he had a good mind to reject the whole. But he never aid so. Later on it would seem as if Mr. Willis must have entertained some suspicions that the rails which he selected for testing were kept back and other ones surreptitiously brought to the test-house in lieu of them,_ for he had made a stamp in order that he might stamp those whichhe required to have tested. The stamp was, Richard says, in shape very much like an ordinary iron chisel. It was about three or four inches long, and instoad of having a sharp point as a chisel has at the end, it had there a stamp which, when im pressed upon anything, produced the initials . W. D.,' being the initials, we believe, of Mr. Dempsey, the Engineer. Mr. Willis (the Inspector) carried this stamp with him, and when he desired to have any particular rail tested, instead of marking it with a piece of chalk as he had previously done, he adopted the plan of having the 'W. D.' impressed by means of this stamp upon the rail. The operation was one that could be done in a few seconds by a workman with proper tools, viz., a good strong hammer. It would seem almost as if the foreman at the works at this point of the case felt as if he was being outmatched; but he was equal to the occasion, for immediately this new practice was introduced by Air. Willis orders were given to take an.impres sion in lead from the W.D. which had been stamped on one of the rails by Mr. Willis's orders, and by means of this impression to Sroduce what we may, without exaggeration, escribe as a counterfeit of Mr. Willis's stamp. This counterfeit was kept by the chief foreman, and was given out every morning to Richards, and Richards' instruc tions were that when Mr. Willis had put his own stamp of W.D. upon any particular rail in order that it might be sent to the test house, he (Richards) was immediately, by means of this counterfeit stamp, to impress the letters W.D. upon one of the ' test rails,' and send these latter to the test- house, in stead of the one which Mri Willis Jiad himself stamped." Mr. _ West Erskine laid great stress in his speech on the culpable negligence of Sir Arthur Blyth, in not instituting a thorough enquiry into the character of the rails when. Richards made him aware of what was giong on. And very few will acquit him of blame in the matter. He certainly drew the inspec tor's attention to the complaint, but, with that gentleman, he seems to have concluded that there was little foundation for it, and that it arose from some spite that Richards was supposed to entertain against his em ployers. There is no reason, however, to believe that there was anything like collu sion between Sir Arthur Blyth or the in spector, and the contractor. They were over reached by clever rogues, and therefore are blameworthy only for being too easy and con fiding. Their suspicions were not suffi ciently aroused by the information supplied to them. They allowed over one-half the rails to pass out of the hands of Messrs. Hopkins, Gilkes, and Co., after they were warned that they were bad ; and it was not till the rails were examined and tested in the colony that the quality was put beyond doubt. There was certainly a screw loose somewhere to allow of this taking place. The only thing that shows out well in the transaction is the prompt and efficient way in which the Government acted 011 the fraud being made clear. Everything was judici ously and promptly done to save the colony from loss; and it is satisfactory to know that the loss will probably be only trifling. The contracting firm had gone into liquidation, ! and for a time it was feared the colony would have no redress. But a rise in the iron market brought the firm's assets right, and the Government'compromised their claim for a refund of £'20,000. The Commissioner of Public works says the scamped rails are worth £10 or £12 per ton; andthough not fit for ordinary railway purposes, thpy >vill do verywell for sidings and other places not travelled oyer nt^n-rapid speed. MELBOURNE EXHIBITION.-Our suppled ment next Saturday will be specially devoted: to the International Exhibition now being held in Melbourne. It will consist of four, pagcs, containing a history of the rise and* progress of Victoria, and concise descriptions of the various courts at the Exhibition. It: will l>e illustrated by a general view of the Exhibition building, ground plan, and por trait of Hon. W. J. Clarke, President of the Exhibition Commission. We had made airanucnjcnts for the issue of this supple mentlast week, but the rppgnt- want of ship ping facilities with Melbourne lias delayed the publication. SUDDEN DKATII.-On Thursday morning a fanner named George Edward Klintworth, I'^idjng in the Hundred of Kongorong, about 23 miles from Mount Gambler, died pather suddenly. He had been in delicate health for ; some months, but nothing fatal was appre hended. On Thursday morning he rose at jibout five a.m., and complained that he did not feel very well. Hp had fi drink of cold water, immediately after which hp jjepajne wot'oe, a?i<l djod in half pi) lipur. The police made enquiries 011 the circumstance Deing made known to them, from the result of whicli the S.M. did not consider it necessary to hold an inquest. Deceased, who was 57 years of age, leaves a wife and family, most of the of v})jph have attained manhood and woinanliopd; Singular ACCIDENT.-A singular accent happened to a fine fpur-year-piil filly belong ing to Mr.- G. G. Collins a few days ago. With other horser it wag galloping through . a paddock near the house when it came full tilt against a bull. The collision was seen by several of the children, but it %vas not supposed that anythingserious had happened, as the filly continued her gallop and the bull situpty jjhook himself together again. Next morning, how«3VW, tjie tilly was found dead. It then appeared that one of ili£ horns of the bull had entered her chest and penetrated to the lungs. Mr. Collins refused £30 for the filly as a two-year-old. Owner WANTED.-'The police at Merino, yj,cto«|a. ape desirous of finding the owner of a jcow which l/as foppn p'.iming on the Tahara common, near Meriiip, fpr'a|jput t>vp years. She is stated to be about five or six years old, and her color is white and blue, or what is termed magpie. She is branded c or g near rump, and Ijke fi"ure 6 011 side. A steer about two years phi is raining with her, and she has a young calf at foot. Tluey are of opinion that the cow J>elongs to sonie dealer at Mount (fAmbier, and as a person who has 110 right to her haa taken possession of her, they are desirous of having {he matter cleared ? up. Tut CHEESE FACTORY.-On Wednesday Mr. Millar, of the Newry Cheese Fac tory, telegraphed as follows to the Sec retary of flu: AgriculturalSociety "Season too far advanced. 4pply elsgwhere." Mr. Wilson had wired that good support would be met with, and asking for jtpniiite answer, so as to enable the committed tp JooJi el.ser where if Mr. Millar Mas not disposed to come here. iloj'XT GAMBIER.-In his last published letter the Register's South-East special corres pondent sa>> Thje brjish .of an artist would be required tp ilp full jiustipp tp the beauty of Mount Gambier and its enyiroiis. Even photography fails to present a picture worthy of the Lakes, the Mount, autl the charmingly situated little town. What, the**, expected of a picture in mere wort Id'! \Vheu" Governor, Sir William Jervois, was at Mount feuwiuej- a year ago received by nearly 5,000 loyal* hearty and ruddy and liealtliful faces (the envy of cer tain Adelaide visitors)-he spoke some pretty aliont the Mount, and said that if Mai iji/i Hill had not been adopted as the site of the vice-regal r£si/.len,ce, Mount Gambier might have stood a chancei& the competition for the honour. The only misfortune, re marked His Excellency, is that it is so far awav from the metropolis. Were it nearer Adelaide there is no doubt that Waterfall Gully, Norton'^5'immit, the Reservoirs, and other places of resort oil public holidays would oe far out-rivalled by the Blu,e L^ke and the three smaller ones which repose quietly side by side in the craters of the ex tinct volcano now known as Mount ^ Gambier." PUPIL TEACHERS' EXAMINATION*.-"VVe ob serve the following South-East names in the list of passes at the last pupil teachers' ex amination:-Class II.-Mary A. MaoDougall, Compton Downs. First year pupil teachers : Class II.-Amelia E. Field, Mount Gambier; Annie Hotson, Kingston, A. E. Hunter, I Border Town. Second year pupil teachers: Class I.-Anne E. Paltridge and Duncan McArthur, Mount Gambier. THE Chief Secretary of Victoria, Mr. Berry, addressed a meeting of the Liberal Association at Clunes last Monday night. He spoke at some length as to the end and aim of the Liberal party, referred to what they had done in the past, and what still remained to be done in the future. He said that the aim of-the liberal party was justice to all and injury to none. The objects were to provide employment for all classes, and in crease the comfort of the great bulk of the people. The reform in the land question was graduallybut surely being brought about, and they had established and protected the natural industries. The Liberal party were truly national, and was entitled to the sup port of all classes. He indicated that the Reform Bill to be introduced would be very similar to that introduced by him in February last, with two Houses, both representing the gj*eat bulk of the people. All he required of the Liberal party, he continued, was organiz ation, watchfulness, anil earnestness to secure for the country a course of legislation to place this colony at the head of the Australian colo nies and make this land one for all to be proud of. SOTTON Tow>\\-A correspondent writes "A popular service of song and literary entertainment combined, which M as in every way a success, took place in the Primitive Methodist Church, Sutton Town, on Wed nesday evening. Handbills had' been dis tributed, the style and promising contents of which had excited much curiosity as to the character of the service to be held, and long before the doors were opened considerable numbers began to arrive. The chapel was soon filled. Precisely at half-past seven the Rev. E. Masterman opened the proceedings by prayer. Miss Masterman then gave an overture on the piano. This was followed by an anthem from the choir. During the evening one dialogue and several recitations were given in a very creditable maimer by Misses E. Wilson, J. Hoglin, S. Newell, L. B. Masterman, E. Newell, and Messrs. Dunning, Hill, and J. B. Shepherdson. Solos and duets were admirably rendered by Mr. Dunning and Miss Masterman; and a duet on the piano by Misses Masterman and N. Dunning.^ The choir, consisting chiefly of young ladies of the school and congrega tion, presented a very pleasing appearance, as all the young ladies were uniformly attired in white for the occasion; but, better still, they all gave evidence, by the way they sang the various select pieces, that they had been under efficient training. Mr. Masterman gave three brief readings, distinguished for their wit, short, sharp, telling sentences, and common sense. The singing was con ducted by, Mr. Dunning, whose efforts were much appreciated. The whole service was somewhat novel in its style. The recitations, readings, music, and singing were charming! and blended most harmoniously together. We understand that the best parts of the | service will be repeated in one of our public | buildings on the evening of the first day of our Spring Show, and we doubt not will be largely patronised. A comprehensive vote of thanks was proposed by Mr. Cadwallader seconded by Mr. Walters, and the meeting closed by the singing of the Doxology. Admission was by shilling and sixpenny tickets. The results were good, and designed for the Circuit Fund." SERIOPS ACCIDENT.-On Wednesday even ing William Mountain, aged about 18 years, son of Mr. James Mountain, chaff dealer, sustained a severe accident through a fall from a horse. He was leaving Mr. T. Bishop's j place, near the Hospital, with a bundle of cabbage plants, when some of the yelping curs that infest that locality rushed out on the street after his horse and caused it to become restive and throw its rider. Mr. Mountain was rendered insensible by the fall, and continued so till late next day. Dr. Jackson was called to attend him and enter tains hopes of his speedy recovery. It is fortunate the ground was comparatively soft where Mr. Mountain was thrown, or more serious consequences would have resulted. MILLICENT NATIONAL BANK.-One of the results of the depression now existing is that the authorities of the National Bank intend" closing, their Millicent branch at the end of j the month. Mr. W. J. Ponder, the present j manager, has won golden opinions by his urbanity and readiness to assist in any loail movement, and his departure will lie ureatlv regretted. . - bstjforrthe-Mount GamW Local Court' on Monday nextLimited Jurisdiction . Un satisfied judgments-G. D. Wyatt v J Douglas, £3 lis.; and J. Cock v. H. 'Staf ford, £9 5s. New case-J. Codrington v. W. Sturtzel, jun,, £2. INSTITUTE.-A meeting of the trustees of the Mount Gambier Institute was held on Saturday evening, when there were present Messrs. Laurie (in the chair), Lewis, Holtjeand Pntchard. An application ou behalf of the Philharmonic Society for the use of the hall every Tuesday evening for rehearsals was granted, with a limited number of lights, at os. per night. Dr. Craig wrote, nominating Messrs. Price and Vaudrey as members pf a 1 committee to act with himself and the Infiti tute trusteas to raise funds for the purchase of a concert grand piano for the Institute. To be acknbwledged. The matter of the native weapons was again discussed, and it | was resolved that the lion. Secretary should write to Mr. Goyder drawing his attention j to the last letter of the trustees on the matter a reply to which had not been received! The follpwing accounts were passed fcj- pay ment -.-HaviiUan ^cciniur, £i 4s.; "Cock & Millhouse, 9s. 3d.; Laurie & Watson, £1 8s. (id.; Holfje & Rischbietli, £1,1 9s. 9d.: ami E. Lewis, 12s. (id, MR. J. B. SHEPHERDSON, S.M., of Wal laroo, arrived at Mount Gambier on Wed nesday last for a week's visit to the mem ljers of his family here. He is at present the guest of Mr. R. D. Renfrey, of Craike farm Ids son-inrlaw, where lie will stay until Thursday next. >vhep he leaves on his re turn home. - . CitiCKET,-r'I'he Mount Gambier Club meets I that of Port MaeDonnell on Wetlnestlfty next at the Bay. The Mount Gambier eleven will be chosen from the following players . Messrs. Ellis, Nicholls, E. Lindsay, M Hayes, A. Dodge, C. Clark, H. Rubenkonii/ R. Millhouse, Allchiu, Glover, Worthimrton A. filling, H. Mack, and Poyntz. h ' CHANGE OK BUSINESS.-Mr. Cha^g Mac Kenzie, who has for several years carried on business as a tailor and outfitter, at the corner opposite the Mount Gambier Hotel has sold his business to Mr. James Smith of Adelaide. Mr. MacKenzie has already' re tired, and his successor has entered into pos session. An 'advortisejnent this morrnnc announces the clnuige, and Mr. Smith pro mises the public that he will'maintain the good character that his predecessor won. Tiis railway department will run a special tram from Beach port to Mount Gambler on the Mount Gambier show day, so as to allow visitors along the line to visit Mount Gambier and return the same day. A WE m1' refln^tedby the Stewards of the Assembly Ball to be held on the 21st inst,, to state that the public will not be admitted to the gallery on the occasion. Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, in a speech at Denihquin, indulged in some sarcasm at the expense pf Victoria, saying that as she had been going tw fa^fc ahead of New South Wajes, she had handicapped he^atf by pro tective duties. Hi? ld.ea is that the ta/o polo mes ought only to lay duties at the seaboard on such articles as are properly dutiable, du?i ;ng 5e Taccording to population ; and that the border custom-houses should be demolished. PRESBVTERUK -TheRev. D. MacCabnan, }\ho we regret to hear )s in very feeble health, proceeded overland to Melbourne nn Saturday lost. The Karracoorlc Jleralfl says-"Mr. A. Attiwill conducted services both morning and evening in his church on Sunday last. We understand it lias l>een decided not to obtain a supply; and that the nuriiatevc .of other denominations in the town, in conjunction with Mr. Attiwill, will conduct senices regularly until Mr. Mac Caiman's return." A DEADLY DUEL.-It is not often we have such an exciting event as a duel to re cord, The other day, however, we were in formed by a gentleman in this neighborhood that he discovered his dog-a fonpy terrier and a snake, both half dead, lyiug side by side, after having fought a desperate duel. His snakeship was despatched, and the dog jvas taken home, where he yielded up the ghost shortly afterwards. The dog was bitten by his antagonist ia several places. Narracoorti Herald, TURKEY lias at last conceded Dulcigno to Montenegro, and the >var cloud has blown over for a time. She says she will not comply with the demands of Greece. A meeting of the Agricultural and Horti cultural Society will be held this afternoon at 3 p.m. The business to be considered is arrangements rc show, &c.; PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.-The inaugural meeting of this society will lie held in the Institute Hall on Tuesday evening next. Tile rules will be submitted for adoption, and members enrolled. The first rehearsal will also be held. It is hoped there will be a large attendance. TORKEXSDALE.-The anniversary of the Torrensdale Sunday School is to be celebrated to-morrow with two services, and on Wed nesday with a public tea and meeting. WE direct attention to Mr. Bolte's sale of allotments in what is popularly known as Doughty's paddock. The sale takes place this afternoon at two p.m., and affords an excellent chance of getting desirable build ing blocks handy to the town. THE " Primitive Methodist Record " for October contains a capital photograph of the Rev. Mr. Masterman, of Mount Gambier. It is printed from a negative supplied by Messrs. Watson & Wedd. There is also a short sketch of the rev. gentleman's career, from which it appears he has been in the service of the Church for the last thirty years-twenty-two of which he spent in London or its neighborhood, and eight in various parts of South Australia. THE man Summers, who pleaded guilty to the charges of stealing jewellery and money belonging to Messrs. Nicholls and Faussett a few days ago, at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, was sentenced to two years' imprison ment with hard lalx>r for both offences. REFERRING to the movement for estab lishing a cheese factory here the Register of Tuesday says-"Mount Gambier seems to have taken the initiativein this master, and we sincerely wish it success, ainj,iHpe that its example will be followed ;by jjjXnt Barker and by many other similarly suitable locali ties, where, so soon as it will pay to' do so, green fodder may be produced all the year round, and where pure running water abounds in almost every field. We see no reason why the principle of associated help fulness should not be brought to bear in order to enhance the value of colonial pro ducts generally.. In a certain action, in the days of muzzle-loaders, striking effects were produced by employing the time of second class shots in loading the pieces and that of the first-class shots in firing them. So if here and there a man-one in a thousand should develop an aptitude to make really first-class wine, it would be obviously greatly to the advantage of the many to keep such a one going with grapes, so as to make the most of his speciality in a national point of view. The difficulty of finding such men is, of course, increased by the difficulty of co-operating with them upon terms which would be considered equitable by all concerned. Still, this diffi culty which lies in the way of all co-opera tive action has been grappled with by our American couBins, and lias been by them practically overcome, and with the very best results in the matter of dairy manage ment, and there seems to be no reason why it should longer obstruct the way to a like advantage here. Why should not the prin ciple of associated factories be applied here to the making of oil and wine and jam, and to the drying of summer fruit ? The requi site to success in all these matters is to manipulate confessedly excellent materials so as to preserve in them their natural excel lence through certain necessary transforma tions, and to present them to the markets of the world stamped with a character approved. Isolated effort is apt to tire and faint before it reaches this goal; but associated enter prise might, ana probably would, endure to the end, and succeed at last." 