A STORY OF THE LATIN QUARTER. ' ITe is oue ol the Amtricjiis,' his fe'riow locatairns taid among themselves. ?* Poor and alone in bad heaitb. A queer fellow.' Having made Ois reply to those who ques tioned them, they were in the habit of dis missing the tubject lightly. After nil it was notiiiuK to them, since he had never joined tbtir circle. made n point of regarding life ts airily as pr ssible, and taking each day as it came with fantastic good cheer. Tne house — which stood in one of the shabbiest corners in the Latin Quarter — was full of them from floor to garret — artiste, students, models, French, English, Americans, living all of them merrily, and by no means the most regular of lives. But there were gooti friends among tbtm; their world was their uwu, and they found plenty of sympathy in their loved and quarrels, their luck and ill-luck. Upon the whole thevi) was more ill-luck than luck. Lucky mn did not choose for their head quarters £u»h placed as this rather dilapi dnted buiiriug, — they could afford to go elspwhere, to placea where the Quarter waa better, where the stairs wero less rickety, the passages less dark and the concierge not given to chrome intoxication. Here came the unlucky ones, whose ill-luck was of various orders and degrees : tha young ones who were some day to paint pictures which would be seen in the Palais de l'ludustrie, and would be greeted with acclamations by an appreciative public; the older ones who had painted pictures which had been seen at the Palais de l'ludustrie, and had not been appreciated at all ; the poets whose sonnets were of too subtle an order to teach the common herd ; the students who had lived be jon d the means allowed them by their highly respectable families, and who were consequently, somewhat off colour in the eyes of the respectable families in question — these and others of tbe same class, all more or less poor, more or less out at elbows, and mote cr less iu debt. And yet, as I have i-aid, they lived gaily. They painted, and admired or criticised each other's pictures ; they lent and burrowed with equal Ireeiom ; they bemoaned their wrongs loudly, and sang and laughed more loudly still aa the mood t-eized tUem ; and any epecial ill-fortune befalling one of their number generally arouaeu a uiepiay oi sympatny wmob, tnougn it might not last long, was always a source of consolation to tbe luckless oue. But the American, notwithstanding he had been in the house for months had never be eome one of them. He had been seen iu the early spring going up the (stairway to his room, which was a mere garret ou the sixth story, and it had been expected among them that in a day or so he would present himself for inspect ioa. But this he did not do, and when hV encountered any of their number in his out-goings or in-comings he returned their greetings gently in imperfect French. He spoke slowly and with difficulty, but there was no coldness in hie voice or manners, and yet none got much farther than the greeting. He was a young fellow, scarcely of middle height, frail in figure, hollow-chested, and with a gentle face and soft, deeply set, dark eyes. That he worked hard and lived barely it was easy enough to discover. Part of each day he spent in the various art galleries and after his return from these visits he waa seen no more until the following morning. ' Until the last ray of light disappears he ia at his easel,' said a young student whom a gay escapade had temporarily banished to the fifth floor. ' I hear him move now and then and cough. He has a villainous cough.' *' He is one of the enthusiasts,' said an other, ' One can read it in his face. What fools they are — these enthusiasts ! They throw away life that a crown of laurel may be laid upon their coffins.' In the summer some of them managed to leave Paris, and the rest had enough to do to organise their little excursions and make the best of the sunshine, shade and warmth. But when those who had been away returned and all settled down for the winter, they found the ' American,' as they called him, in his old place. He had not bsen away at all ; he had worked as hard as ever through midsummer heat and autumn rain ; he was frailer iu figure, his clothes were more worn, his face was thinner and his eyes far too hollow and bright, but he did not look either discouraged or unhappy. 'How dots he live?' exclaimed the con cierge, dramatically. ' The good God knows ! He cats nothitg, he has no fire, he wears the c!o!hirj» of midsummer — he painie — he paints — he paints I Perhaps that is enough for him. It would net be for me.' At this time — just as the winter entered with bleak winds and rains and falls of |IU-TUCAjr CUV n-™ IUO1O JIICOOUICU J_l«3*CH3»«. among them an arrival whose appearance created a sensation. One nijiht, on his way upstair?, tbe American found himaelf confronted on the fourth floor by a flood of light streamiug through tt~e open door of a before unoccupied room. It was a email room, meagrely furnished, but there was a fire in it. and half a-dozen people who laughed and talked at the top of their voices. Five of them were men he had seen before,— artists who lived in the house, — but tbe sixth was a woman wnom ne nua never Been, ana wuote uuu vellous beauty held him spell- bound where he Blood. She was a woman of twenty-two or three, with an oval faoti whose fairness was the idiruess of ivory. Sue was dark-eyed and low-browed, and, as she leaned forward upon the table aud looked up at the man who spoke to her, even the bright jdow of the lamp, which burned directly before her faoe, showed no flaw in either tint or outline. ' Why should we ask tbe reason of your return?' said tbe man. 'L6t ua rejoice that you are here.' ' I will tell yon the reason,' hhe answered, without lowering her eyes. ' I was tired.' ' A good reason,' was tbe reply. She pushed her ebair back and stood upright; her hands hang at her sides ; the men were all looking at her; she smiled down at them with full irony. ?* Who among yon wishes to paint me ?' she said. ?? I am again at your service, and [ am not less handsome than I was.' Then there arose among them a little rapturous murmur, and somehow it broke ibe epell whioU had rested upon tbe man outside. He started, shivered slightly, and turned away. He went op to the bare eold neBS of bis own room and eat down, forget ting that it waa either cold or bare. Suddenly, as he looked at the woman a upturned faoe, a great longing bad Beaed upon him. 'I should like to paint yon— I,' he found himself saying to tne silenoe about him. «? jf j might paint yon !' He heard ihe next day who she was. Tin concierge was ready enough to give him more information than be had atkrd. ' Mademoiselle Natalie Monsieur means,' he said ; ' a handsome gi-l that ; a celebrated model. They all knew her. Her face has been the foundation of more than one great picture. There are not many like her. One model had this beauty — another that ; but she, mon Dieu, she has all. A great creature, Mademoiselle.1' Afterward, as the days went by, he found that she sat often to the other artists. Some tunes ho saw her act she went to their rooms or^ came away; sometimes he caught a glimpse of her as he passed her open door, and each time there stirred afresh within him tho longing he had felt at first. So it came about that one afternoon, as she came out of a studio in which ehe had been giving a sit ting, t-he found waiting outside for her the thinly clad, frail figure of the American. He made an egaer yet hesitant step forward, and began to speak awkwardly in French. She stopped him. 'Speak English,' she said, ' I know it well.' ' Thankyou,'ihe answered, simply, ' that is a great relief. My French is so bad. I am here to ask a great favour from you, and I am sure I could not ask it well in French.' ' ' What is the favour ?' ' she inquired, look ing at him with some wonder. _ He was a new type to her, with his quiet directness oi speech and his gentle manner. 1 ' I have heard that you are a professional model,' he replied, ' and I have wished very much to paint what — what I see in your face. I have wished it from the firet hour I saw you. The desire haunts me. But I am a very poor man ; I have almost nothing ; I cannot pay you what the rest do. To-day I came to the desperate resolve that I would throw myself upon your mercy — that I would ask you to sit to me, and wait until better fortune comes.' She stood still a moment and gazed at him. ' Monsieur,' ehe said, at length, ' are you so poor as that P' He coloured a little, but it was not as if with shame. ' ' Yes,' he answered, ' I am very poor. I have asked a great deal of you, have I not ?' She gave him still another long look. 'No,' she 6aid. 'I will come to you to-morrow if you will direct me to your room.' 'It is on the sixth floor,' he replied ; ' the highest of all. It is a bare little place.' ' I will come,' ehe said, and was turning away when he stopped her. '. 1 — I should like to tell you how grateful I am — ' he began. ' There is no need,' she responded, with bitter lightness. ' You will pay me some day — when you are a great artist.' But when she readied the next landing she glanced down and saw that he still stood beneath, watching her. The next day she kept her word and vent to him. She found his room poorer »nd barer even than she had fancied it might be. The ceiling waB low and slanting, And in one corner stood a narrow iron bed Btead, in another a wooden table ; in the best light the small window gave his easel was placed with a chair before it. When he had opened the door in answer to her summons, and 6he eaw all this, she glanced quickly at his face to see if there was any shade of confusion upou it, but there was none. He appeared only rejoiced and eager. ' I felt sure it was you,' he Slid. ' Were you then so sure that I would comp ?' ehe asked. ' You said you would,' he answered. He placed her as he wished to paint her, and then sat down to his work. In a few moments he was completely absorbed in it. For a long time he did not ipeak at all. The utter silence which reigned — a silence which was not only a suspension of speech bat a suspension of any other thought be yond bis task — was a new experience to her. His cheek Hushed, bis eyes burned daik and bright ; it seemed as if he scarcely breathed. When he turned to look at her she was conscious each time of a sudden thrill of feeling. More than once he paused for several moments, brueh and palette in hand, simply watching her face. At one of theee pauses she herself broke the silence. ' Why do you look at me so ?' she asked. ' You look at me as if — as if — ' And she broke off with an uneasy little langh. He roused bimseif with a slight start and coloured sensitively, paBsinghig hand across his forehead. ' What I want to paint is not always in your face,' he answered. ' Sometimes Hose it, and then I must wait a little until — until I ficid it again. It is not only your face I want, it is yourself — yourself !' And be made a sudden unconscious gesture with his h n3s. Sue tried to laugh again — hard and lightly as befoie, — but failed. 'Myself!' the said. 'Mon Dieu! Do not grasp at me, Monsieur. It will not pay you. Paint my flesh, my hair, my eyes — they are good — but do not paint me.' He looked troubled. ' I am afraid my saying that sounded stilted,' he returned. ' I explained myself poorly. It IB not easy for me to explain myself well.' 'I understood you/' 6he said; 'and I have warned you-' They did not speak to each other again during the whole sitting except once, when he asked her if ehe was warm enough. ' I have a fire to-day,' he eaid. -? Have you not always a fire ?' Bhe asked. ' No,' he answered, with a smile ; ' but wbrn you come there will always be one.' ?- Then,' she said, ' I will come often, that I may save you from death.' ' Oh !' be replied ; ' it is easier than yon think to forget that one is cold,' ' Yes,' she returned. ' And it is easier than you think lor one to die. ' When she waa going away she made a movement toward the easel, but he stepped her. ?' Not yet,' he said. ' Not just yet.' Ehe drew back. ' I have never oared to look at myself before,' she said. ' I do not know why I should care now. Perhaps,' with the laugh again, ' it is that I wish to see what yon will make of me ;' Afterward, as she eat over her little porcelain Btove in her room below, she scarcely comprehended her own mood. «« He is not like the rest,' sh« saii. ' He knows nothing of the world. He is one of the good. He cares only for his art. How simple, and kind, and pure ! The little room is like a saint's cell.' Aad then, suddenly, she flung her arms out wearily, with a heavy sigh. ' Ah, Dieu /' ehe said, ?? how dull the day is I The ekieB are lead.' A few days later she gave a sitting to an old artist, whose name was Masson, and she fonnd that he had heard of what had hap PC« And so yon ait to the American?' he said. .i yeg.' » Well, and you fina him ? ?' «I find him,' she repeated after nun. ?? Shall I tell you what I find him?' ' I shall listen with delight.' 'I find him— a eoul! Ton and I, my fnnd— and the rest of ue— are bodies; he is a soul !' The artist began to wfaistto softly as be painted. ' It is dangerous work,' .he said at length, ' for women to play with souls.' ' That is true,' she answered, coldly. The eame day she went again to the room on the sixth floor. She sat again through an hour of silence, in which the American painted eagerly, now and then stopping to regard her with scanning eyes. ' But not as the rest regard me,' she said to herself. ' He forgets that it is a woman who sits here. He sees only what be would paint.' As time went by, this faot, which always felt, was in itself a fascination. In the chill, calm atmosphere of the place there was repose for her. She found nothing to resent, nothing to steel herself against, she need no longer think of herself at all. She had time to think of the man in whose presence she sat. From the first ehe had seen something touching in his slight, stoop ing figure, thin young faoe and dark woman ish eyeB, and after she had heard the simple uneventful history of his life, Bhe found them more touching still. He was a New Englander, the last sur viving representative of a frail and short lived family. His parents had died young, leaving him quite alone, with a mere pit tance to depend upon, and throughout his whole life he had cherished but one aim. 'When I was a child I used to dream of coming here,' he said, ' and as I grew older I worked and struggled for it. I knew I must gain my end some day, and the time came when it was gained.' 'And this is the end?' she asked, glanc ing round at the poor plaoe. ' This is all of life you desire ?' He did not look up at her. ' It is all I have,' he answered. Sue wondered if he would not ask her some questions regarding herself, but he did not. ' He doeB not oare to know,' she thought, sullenly. And then she told herself that he did know, and a mocking devil of a smile settled on her lips, and was there when he turned toward her again. But the time never came when his manner altered, when he was less candid and gentle, or lees grateful for the favour she was be stowing upon him. She scarcely knew how it was that she firet began to know the sound of his foot upon the stair- way and to listen for it. Her earliest consciousness of it was when once she awakened suddenly out of a dead sleep at night and fouud herself sitting upright with her hand upon her heavily throbbing heart. ' What is it !' ehe cried, in a loud whis per. But ehe Bpoke only to herself and the darkness. She knew what it was and did not lie down again until the footsteps had reaob.6d the top of the last flight and the door above had opened and dosed. The time arrived when there was eoarcely a trifling incident in his every-day life which escaped her. She eaw each sign of his poverty and phy&ioal; weakness. He grew paler day by aay. There were days when uis step flagged as he went up and down tbe staircase ; tome morniugs he did not go out at alt. She discovered that each faanday he went twice to the little American cburcu in the Rue de Beiri, and she had sesn in the toom a sin ail Piotesttmt Bible. ?' Y ,u road tuat ?' she asked him, when she first paw it. '? Yes.' She leaned forward, her look carious, be wildered, even awed. ' And you btlieve in — God ?' ' Yee.' She resumed her former position bat she did not remove i-er eyes from his faoe, and unconsciously she put her hand up to her swelling throat. When at length the sitting was over and she left her ohair, he was standing before the eaeel. He turned to her and spoke hesi tantly. 'Will you come and look at it?' he asked. She went and stood where he bade her and looked. He watched her anxiously while she did eo. For the first moment there was amazement in her face, then some mysterious emotion he could not comprehend — a dull red crept slowly over her brow and cheek. She turned upon him. ' Monsieur 1' she cried, Tpassionately. ' You mock me ! It is a bad picture.' He fell back a pace, staring at her and suddenly trembling with the shook. ' A bad picture !'' he echoed. ' J mock you— r?' ' It is my face,' she said( pointing to it, ' but you have made it what I am not 1 It is the faoe of a good woman — of a woman wh might be a eaint ! Does not that mock me?' He tamed to it with a troubled, dreamy' look. ' It is what I have seen in your face,' he said, in -a soft, absent voice. ' It is a truth to me. It is what £ have seen.' ' It is what no other has seen,' she said. ' I tell you it mocks me.' ' It need not mock you,' he answered. ' I could not have painted it if I bad not felt it. It is yourself— yourself.' 'Myself?' she said. 'Do you think, Monsieur, that the men who have painted me before would know it ?' She gave it another glance and a shrill laugh burst from her, bat the next instant it broke off and ended in another sound. She fell upon her knees by the empty chair, her open hands flung outward, her sobs strang ling her. He stood quite near her, looking down. 'I have not thought of anything bat my work,' he said. ' Why ehould I?' The following Sunday night the artist met in going down- stairs a closely-veiled figure coming up. He knew it and epoke. ' What, Natalie ?' he said. ' You? One might fancy you had been to churoh.' ' I have been,' sho returned, in a cold voiee — ' to the church of the Americans in ;ne ilue ae »em. He shrngged his shonlders. ?' Has it done you good ?' he asked. ' No,' ehe answered, and walked past him, leaving him to look after her and think the matter over. She went to her own apartment and locked herself in. Having done eo, she lighted every candle and lamp — flooding the place with a garish mockery of brightness. She sang as ehe did it — a gay, shrill air from some opera bouffe. She tore off her dark veil and wrappings. Her eyes and cheeks flamed as if touched by some nnholy fire. She moved with feverish rapidity here and there — dragging a rich dress from a trunk, and jewels and laoes from their plaoes of safe keeping, and began to attire herself in them. The simple blaok robe she had worn to the chapel lay on the floor. A« she moved to and fro ehe eet her feet upon it again and again, and as she felt it beneath her tread a harsh smile touched her lips. X euau uu» noil jvu agaiu, buv oiv^hu h er song once to aay. In half-an-bonr she had made her toilette. She stood before her glass, a blase of colour and jewels. For a moment she Bang no more. From one of the rooms below there floated np to ber sounds of riotous merriment. ' This is myself,' she said ; ' this is no other.' She opened her door and ran down the staimase swiftly and lightly. The founder of the feast whose sounds aha had heard was a foolish young fellow who adored her madly. He was nab, and wiekad, and simple. Because ha had baud of ber Mtun he had taken an apartment in the house, stai She heard his voice above the voices of the ear rest. g In a moment she had flung open the door anc of the talon and stood npon the threshold. * At sight of her there aroBe a raplurooB * ebout of delight. yes ?' Natalie 1 Natalie 1 Weloome !' ver But instantaneously it died away. One t second she stood there, brilliant, wniiing, obi defiant. The next, they saw that a mysterious An change had seised npon her. She had beeome stn deathly white, and was waving them from see her with a wild gesture. op- ' I am not coming 1' she cried, breath- col lessly. 'No! Nol No I' fin And the next instant they could only his guze at each others' terror-strioken faces, at hit the place she had left vacant — for she was etc gone loo She went up the stairs blindly and unoer- ' tainly. When she reached the turn of the dyi fourth floor, where the staircase was bare thi and unlighted, ehe staggered and sank against i the balustrades, her faoe upturned. set ' I cannot go baok,' ehe whispered to the no darkness and eilenoe above. ' Do you hear ? set I cannot ! And it is you — you who restrain in me I' wa But there were no traces of her passion in wr her face when she went to the little studio the lot next day as usual. When the artist opened mi the door for her, it struck him that Bhe was ini calm even to coldness. inl Instead of sitting down, she went to the easel and stood before it. ' Monsieur,' she eaid, 'I have discovered co where your mistake lies. You have tried to paint what you fancied muBt onoe have existed, though it exists no longer. That is '. your mistake. It has never existed at all. I remember no youth, no childhood. Life began for me as it will end. It was my fate yo that it should. I was born in the loweBt quarter of Paris. I knew only poverty, re: brutality, and crime. My beauty simply raised me beyend their power. Where ehould in I gain what you have insisted in bestowing th upon me ?' be He simply stood still and looked at her. 'God knows !' he answered, at length. SI ' I do not.' ' God 1 ' ' she returned, with her bitter little ' laugh. 'Ycb— Godl' Then Bhe went to her place and said no at more. But the next Sunday ehe was at the fe American chapel again, and the next, and the dc next. She could eoarcely have told why K ni herself. Sae did not believe the doctrines I she heard preached, and Bhe did not expeot jD to be converted to belief in them. Often, as g the service proceeded, a faint smile of de- 8£ riBion curved her lips ; but from her seat in ei the obscure corner eue had ohosen she could it see a thin, dark face and a stooping figure, 0, and could lean back against the wall with a m sense of repose. j0 ' It is quiet here,' was her thought. ' One can be qui&t;, arid that is much.'* jj ' What id the matter with her?' the men si who knew her begau to ask one another. But it was not easy lor them to discover how the T bubtle cuauge they taw bad been wrought, gl Tiiey were used to her captioes and to uoca- 8C eioiittl fits of buliennesB, but they had never at beeu her in juot such a mood a? she was now. n( She would bear no jeats from them, ehe 8] would not join iu their gayetiee. Sometimes Oi ior days together she suul herself up in her ki room and tnt-y did not Bee her at all. u, Tue picture progressed but slowly. Some- hi times tbe uriiat'a hand eo tremDled with hi weakuetB thai he could not proceed with his woik. More than once Natalie eaw the di brush suddenly fall from his neiYdless « lingers. He was very weak in theee days, and the epot of hectio red glowed brightly on his cheek. tt 'lam a poor fellow at best,' he would say to her, ' and now I am at my worst. I 0- am afraid I shall be obliged to reat sooner hi than I fancied. I wish firBt I could have o- finished my work. I mast not leave it on- w finished.' One morning, when be had been obliged to oi give up painting, through a sudden fit of it prostration, oa following her to the door, he k: took her hand and held it a moment. ft ' I was awake ail last night,' he said, h ' Yesterday I eaw a poor fellow who had n fallen ill on the street, carried into the Hotel jjieu, ana me memory oiang to me. l began v to imagine how it would be if such a thing h happened to me— what I should Bay when n they asked for my friends,— how there woald S be none to send for. And at last, suddenly 'o I thought of you. I said to myself, * I would send for her, and I think she would come.' ' h 'Yes, Monsieur,' she answered. 'You d might depend upon my coming.' c ' 1 am used to being alone,' he went on ; t ?- but it eeemed to me, as I lay in the dark thinking it over, that to die alone would be a different matter. One would want some s familiar face to look at — ' fc ' MonBieur 1' she burst forth. ' You epeak as if Death were always near you 1' I ' Do I ?' he said. And he was silent for a c few seconds and looked down at her hand- as v he held it. Then he dropped it gently with i a little sigh. ' Good-bye,' he said, and so i they parted. i In the afternoon she sat to Masson. ' How much longer,' he eaid to ber in the i course of the sitting — 'how much longer j does he mean to live — this American ? Ue f has lasted astonishingly. They are wonder- e f ul fellows, these weaklings who burn them- \ selves out. One might fancy that the flame which finally deBtroys them, also kept them - alive.' i ' Do you then think that he is eo very i ill?' she asked, in a low voioe. f ' He will go out,' he answered, ' like a i candle. Shall I tell you a secret ?' 1 She made a gesture of assent. ' He starveB 1 The eoneUrge who has I watched him eays he does not buy food i enough to keep body and soul together. But how is one to offar him anything ? It J is easy to see that he would not take it.' ( There was a moment of silence, in which ' he went on painting. i ' The trouble is,' he said, at last, ' that a i man would not know how to approaoh him. It is only women who can do these - things.' i Until the sitting was over, neither the one - nor the other spoke again. When it was over, and Natalie was on the point of leaving the room, Masson looked at her criti cally- ' You are pale,' he remarked. *' Yon are like a ghost.' ' Is it not becoming ?' she asked. ' Yes.' ' Then why complain 1' She went to her own room and spent half an-hour in collecting every valuable ehe owned. They were not many ; she had al ways been recklessly improvident. She put together in a package her few jewels, and even the laces she considered worth tbe most. Then she went out, and, taking a Jtacre at the nearest corner, drove away. She was absent two hours, and when she returned ebe stopped at tbe entrance, intend ing to ask the concierge a question. Bat tbe man bimseif spoke first He was evidently greatly disturbed and not a little alarmed. ' Mademoiselle,' be began, ' the young man on the sixth floor — ' ' What of him ?' she demanded. ?' He desires to see you He went ont in spite of my warnings. Figure to yourself on such a day, in suoh a state of health. He returned almost immediately, wearing tbe look of Death itself. He sank upon the first step of tne stsiroaso. When I naked to bis ajrintomw he held to bis life a handkomhiel ined with blood! We were oompelled to ry him upstairs.' the stood a moment, feeling ber throat I lips suddenly beeome dry and panned. 'And he asked— former' she said, at last ' When ha would apeak, MademoiieUe— i We do not know why. He said, in a y faint voiee, * She said she would eome.' ' ibe went up the staircase slowly and me mieally, as one who moves in a dream, d yet when she reached the door of the idio ahe was obliged to wait for a few onds before opening it. When she did m it she saw the attic seemed even more d and bare than usual; that there was no i ; that the American lay upon the bed, i eyes closed, the heotic spots faded from i cheeks. But when she approached and ad near him, he opened his eyes and iked at her with a faint smile. 'If— I play you— the poor trick of— ing,' he said, ' you will remember — that 3 picture — if you care for it — is yours.' after a while, the doctor, who had been it for, arrived. Perhaps he had been in great hurry when he had heard that his [vices were required by an artist who lay a garret in the Latin Quarter. HiB visit -b a short one. He asked a few questions, ote a prescription, and went away. He -ked at Natalie oftener than at the sick fin. She followed him out on to the land ?, and then he regarded her with greater tercet than before. ' la he very ill ?' ehe said. ' Yes,' he answered. ' He will die, of urse, sooner or later.' ' You speak calmly, Monsieur, ' she said. 'Such cases are an old story,' he replied. And — you are not his wife ?' 'No.' 'I thought not. Nevertheless, perhapB iu will remain with him until—' ' As Monsieur says,' ehe returned, ' I will main with him ' until — ' ' When the sick man awoke from the sleep to which he had fallen, a fire bqmed in e stove and a woman's figure was seated ifore it. ' You are here yet ?' he said, faintly, le rose and moved toward him. ' I am not going away,' she answered, if you will permit me to remain.' His eyes shone with pathetic brightness, id he put oat his hand. 'You are very kind — to a poor — weak llow,' he whispered. ' After all — it is a isolate ithing — to lie awake through the ght — in a plaoe like this.' When the doctor returned the next morn ig he appeared even a ehade disconcerted. .e had thought it quite likely that, npon his toond visit, he might find a scant white leet drawu over the narrow bed, and that would not be necessary for him to remain : call again ; bat it appeared that his patient ight require his attention yet a few days nger. ' You have not left him at all,' he said to atalie, 'It is easy to see you did not eep last night.' It was true that Ehe had not slept, hrough the night she had eat in the dim ow of tbe fire, scarcely stirring unless -me slight sound of movement from tbe bed .traded her attention. During the first irt of tbe night her charge had eeemed to e?p ; but as the hours wore on there had sen no more rest for him, and then she had iown that be lay with bis eyes fixed upon bt ; she had felt their gaie even before she ad turned to meet it. Just before dawn e became restless, and oalled her to his side. ' I owe you a heavy debt,' he eaid, rearily. 'And I shall leave it unpaid. I ish— I wish it was finished.' 'It?' ehe eaid. ' The picture,' he answered, ' the — pic- ire.' Usually he was too weak for speech ; but joaeionally a fit of restlessness seised upon im, and then it seemed as if he was haunted )ntinual)y by the memory ol his unfinished ork. ' It only needed a few touches,' he said, Qce. ' One day of strength would complete — if such a day would but come to me. ] now the look so well now— I see it on youi ice so often.' And then he lay watching er, his eyes following her yearningly, as she loved to and fro. In the Btudios below, the artists waited ii ain for their model. They neither saw noi eard anything of her, and they knew hei loods too well to be officiously inquisitive '0 she was left alone to the task she haa bosen, and was faithful to it to the end. It was not bo very long it lasted, though t- er it seemed a lifetime. A few weeks the ootor made his visits, and at last one after -oon, in going away, he beckoned her out o he room. He spoke in an undertone. ' To-night you may watoh closely,' hi aid ; ' perhaps towards morning— but it wil ie very quiet.' It was very quiet. The day had beei litter cold and as it drew to a close it becami older still, and a fieroe wind rose anc rhistled about the old house, shaking thi II -fitting windows and doors. But the aid nan did not seem to hear it. Toward mid light he fell into a deep and quiet sleep. Before the fire Natalie sat waiting. Noi md then a little shudder passed over ber a f she could not xesiBt the cold. And yet th ire in tbe etove was a bright one. She hai smiled to herself as she had heaped the cqa ipon it, seeing that there was so little left. ' It will last until morning,' Bhe eaid ' and that will be long enongh.' Througl ill the nights during whioh she had wAtohei ?he had never felt the room eo still as i seemed now between the gusts and spughin )f the wind. ' Something is in tbe air whicl ibb not been in it before,' she said. About one o'clock she rose and repleniBhei he fire, putting the last fragment of oos ipon it and then sat down to watch it again Its slow kindling and glowing into lif fascinated her. It was not long before ah jould scarcely remove her eyes from it. Sb was trying to calculate— with a weird fano In her mind — how long would it last, an whether it would die out suddenly or slow)] Ae ehe oowered over it, if one oi the me: who admired her had entered he might we] 3carcely have known her. She was hollow eyed, haggard and pallid — for the time eve tier great beauty was gone.* As he had lei ber that day, the doctor had said to himse] iiicontentedly that after all these wonderfa Eaoes last but a short time. The fire caught at the coal, lighted fitft blazes among it, and crept over it in a du red, whioh brightened into hot scarlet. And tbe sick man lay sleeping, breathin faintly but lightly. ' It will last until dawn,' ahe said—' ant dawn, and no longer.' When the first cinder dropped with metallic sound, ahe started violently and lai her hand upon her breast, but after that all scarcely stirred. The fitful biases died down, the hi soarlet deepened to red again, the red gre dull, a gray film of ashes showed itself npc it, and then eame the first faint grey of dawi and she aat with beating heart saying I herself. 'It will go oat soon— auddenly.' Ai the dying man was awake, speaking to- tar. ' Come here,' be said, in a alow, eta voiee. ' Come here.*' She went to him and Jstood elose by tl bedside. The moment of her aopren anguish had eome. But he showed no Big of pain or dread, only there was a litl moisture npon bis forehead ami aboat 1 mooch. Hit apes ahona large a*4 briaja* ia II snowy pallor of bis face, and whan ha flzad them npon bar aba knew ha would aotjaota than away. 'I am glad— that it is— Aniaatd.' bs- said. 'It did not tire ma to work— as I thought it would. I am glad-that U it finished.' She fell npon her knees. ?? That it ia finished T' aha said. His smile grew brighter. ' The piston,' he whispered— 'jthe pia tare.' And then what aba bad waited for earne. There was a moment of ailenoe; the wind outside bushed itself, his lips patted, bat no sound came from tbem,*not even a flattering breath ; his eyes were still fixed upon hex faoe, open, bright, smiling. 'I may speak now,' she eried. 'I may speak now — sinoe you cannot hear. I lota youl I love youl' But there eame to her ears only one sound — the little grating shudder of the fira as it fell together and was dead. The next morning when they beard that ' the American' had at last fulfilled their prophesies, the locaUiru showed a spas modic warmth oi interest. They offered their servioes promptly, and said to each other that he must have been a good fellow, after all — that it was a pity they had not known him batter. They eren protested that he should not be made an objeot of charity— that among themselves they would do all that was necessary. But it appeared that their help was not needed — that there was in the background a friend who bad done all, but whom nobody knew. Hearing this they expressed their sym pathy by going np by twos and threes to the little garret where there was now only icy coldness and silence. Not a few among them were so far touched by the pathos they found in this as to shed a tear or so— most of them were volatile young1 Frenchmen, who counted their sensibilities among their luxuries. Toward evening there came two older than the rest, who had not been long in the house. When they entered, a woman stood at the bed's head — a woman in black drapery, with a pale and haggard face, which they saw only for a moment. As they approached she moved away, and, going to the window, stood there with her baok toward them, gazing out at the drifted snow upon the roof. The men stood uncovered, looking down. ' It is the faoe of an Immortal,' said the elder of the two. ' It is suoh men who die young.' And then they saw the easel in the shadow of the corner and went and turned it from the wall. When they saw the pioture resting upon it, there was a long silenoe. It was broken at last by the older man. 'It is some woman he has known and loved,' he said. ' He has painted her soul— and his own.' The figure near them stirred — the woman's hand crept up to the window's side and clung to the wooden frame. But she did not turn, and was standing so when the strangers moved away, opened the door and passed, with heads still uncovered, down the dark, rickety stairs. A fiercer cold hud never frozen Paris than held it ice and snow bound through true day aud the next. When the next came to its cloc-e all was over and the studios were quiet again — perhaps a little quieter for a tew hours than was their wont. Through this second day Natalie lived— slowly: through the first part of the morning in whioh people went heavily up and down the stairs; through the later hours When she heard them whispering1 among themselves upon the landings,; through the hour when the. footsteps that came down were heavier still, and slower and impeded with some burden borne with oare; through the moment when they rested with this burden upon the landing ' outside her very door, and inside she [ crouched against the panels — listening. L Then it was all done, and upon those : upper floors there was no creature bnt herself. ! She had lighted no fire and eaten nothing. 1 She had neither food, fuel, nor money. All was gone. 1 'ft is well,' she said, 'that I am not r hungry, and that I would rather be oolder r than warmer.' : She did not wish for warmth, even when night fell and brought more biting icineaa. She sat by her window hi the dark until the ' moon rose, and though shudders shook her 9 from head to foot, she made no effort to gain ' warmth. She heard but few sounds from 1 below, but she waited until all waa still before she left her place. But at midnight perfect silenoe had settled * upon the house, and ahe got up and left her 1 room, leaving the key unturned in the look. ' To- morrow, or the day after, perhaps,' she 1 said, ' they will wish to go in. ' Then she ° went up the stairs for the last time. 1 Since she had heard the heavy feet lumber * ing with their burden past her door a * singular calm had settled upon her. It was ' not apathy eo much as a repose born of the knowledge that there was nothing more to ' bear — no future to be feared. B But when she opened the door of the little e room this calmness was for a moment lost. * It was so cold, bo still, so bare in the '1 moonlight which' streamed through the window and flooded it. There were left in 'i it ozdy two things— the narrow, vacant bed, 1 covered with its white sheet, and the easel a on whioh the pioture rested, gazing out at t her from the canvas with serene, mysterious B eyes. , h She staggered forward and sank down before it, uttering a low, terrible cry. * 'Do not reproach mel' she cried. A 'There is no longer need. Do yon not '* aee ? This is my expiation I' * For a while there was dead ailenoe again. ? She crouched before the easel with bowed ? head and heir face veiled upon, her arms, y making no stir or sound. But at length Bhe rose again, numbly and, stiffly. She ' stook np and glanced slowly about berr-at u the bareness, at the moonlight,, at the , narrow, white-draped bed. I 'It will be-very cold,' ahe whispered, [k as she moved toward the door. 'It will U be— very oold.' d And then the JitUe room waa empty, aad the faoe npon the easel tamed toward the j entrance ?qpwfl to M^**n to bat aUslthily II descending feet. The next morning, the two artists, who g had visited the dead man's zoom together, were walking-rtogether again— npon the II banks of the SebMfe when they fonnd them selves drawing' near a crowd of men and . wonien who were gather«a at the water's edge, d 'What has happened T'titey asked aa they approached the group. ?? 'What baa been found f' t Achi^frJfelWm abhie blott8e,8tand ingwitg^liaii&mluipoeketa.ajiswaced;, ,n 'A^ub. Mmfoi! what a night to n drown oneself inl Imagine the.dieoom' The older man pushed his way into Che A centre, and a moment later uttered an exclamation — u 'Mon Dieu I' « What la itr eried hie companion. M His friend turned to him, breatblaaaljr, M pointing to what lay upon the frozen earth. as ' We a«ked each other who the original (la of the picture was,' be eaid. - We dtf ii* not know. The faoe Has there. Look!' For that which Iafe had denSei hat. he Death had giTrt.-ScrifcM^.: ^^ —' 