GENERAL SEWS. \- Ajnotice was posted up in the General Po3t Gfficeon TaeEday morning, stating that a tele graph Office had been opened at Wallauabeeu, New South Wales. •• " - : A telegram has fceehf. received by!, MarineBoard stating that four drains of naif of five gallons each,'have, fbcea washed' as twelve mi'es e.i it of MaiDonnell Bay. Tea and puhlic.^eetirigs in connectioS with-the anniyersa^y'ef "the Baptist Church, Albeiton, will he heldfthis evening. A telegram from our correspondent at Beeohpoit-statss that tbe figoivhead of a lir^j vestol— a lion rampant, gilt —which does not appear to have been long in the water, ha i been found on the beach near the Bonth end of Eivo'i Bay. . The following is a record of the rainfall between 9 a.m. on Monday and the same hoar on Tuesday:— Kooringa ... 0100 Maid and ... .0095 Minlaton ... = 0 200 Yorketown ... 0-070 Stansbury ... ' 0070 Warooka ... 0*080 Wentworth ... , 0 040 Overland Ornr. : O'OIO Tanunda ... 0*059 Mannuu ... 0 040 Gomeracba ... : 0.030 Mount Torrens 0 020 Salisbury ... 0*0:0 OapeBorda ... i 0*210 Kingsoote ... 00"0 Gape Jervis ... : 0135 Fort Blliot ... 0116 Goolwa ... ; 0*170 Meningie ;... ! G 090 Kingston ...: 0 030 Border Town ...; 0180 Millicent ... 0080 .Eel tana ... 0*030 Blinm&n; ... 0020 Port Augusta... 0*200 Wilmington ... 0.280 Melrose ... 0*230 Laura... . ... 0*328 Port Pixie ... 0 230 Galtowie ... .0*540 Jamestown ... 0*470 Gladstone ... 0*210 Narridy ... 0*150 Georgetown ... 0*310 Eedhill ... 0*070 Adelaide ... 0*040 Clarendon ... 0050 Nparltthga ... 0015 MountBarker 0*045 8tratbalbyn ... 0*035 Willonga ... 0080 Normanville ... 0*130 Bncla ... ... 0*065 Fowler's Bay... 0*040 Fort Lincoln.... 0*020 \- The letters by the Orient line , steamer Liguria, which left Adelaide, on July 3i, were delivered ia London on September 2, the time of transit being under 33 days. - The letters by the subsidised mail, which left Adelaide on July 25, did not arrive until&eptember; 6\. This is the sixth occasion within '- three months on; which the Orient line steamers delivered their letters from Adelaide simultaneously with! or in advance of the regular jnail which left a week before them.- * .Comment is needless. One of the results of the depression now existing in the South-East is that the authorities of the National Bank intend closing their M*'11 < cent branch at the end of this month The Border Watch says—"Mr. W. J. Fonder, the present:manager,has won golden opinions by his urbanity and readiness to assist in any local movement, and his departure will be g.*eat.ly re gretted." ; We have Been , informed that the com mission appointing Bro. H. G. B. Muecke District Grand lister of South Australia under the Scotch Gonstitutiou of Freemasons arrived by the last mail. Bro. Muecke succeeds Bro. O. H. T. Connor, and there is no donbt that his appointment will be hailed with general satis faction amongst the. various members' of the craft. The installation ceremony will take place in about a month's time. An audacious robbery was committed at Port Aug asta.a few evenings ago, by which Mr. , Hewett, of the Musette party, loBt £1.5. Thai party were playing at the institute,- and ,the£ principal, who had "just finished, money'. ■ taking, p'iced the inoneyin an anteroom abufc?j? ting on the stage. Daring the performance some "thief, who inust have watched Mr. Hewetlfs movements, ab -tracted the, whole snro. The matter is in the hands of the police. The following Government tenders were ' -opened on Monday morniDgat the Arehileet-in CbjeFs officer—For the erection of a teacher's residence at Nairne, five tenders, D. Chapman lowest; for additions'and repairs to the Over land Corner Post-Office, one tender, McLean and .Taylor; for the erection «f stabling and fencing \- at the Overland Corner Police Station, two tea . dere, W. Biand lower; for making additions and executing repairs to the gaol at Redruth, two tenders, F. A. Drary & Co. lower. - /We have received a copy of tbe inaugural .address delivered by the President, Dr. A, 0. Ramsay, [F.R.S., V.P.G.S., at the meeting for this year of the British Association for the Ad vancement of Science held at Swansea. The subject of the address is "The Recurrence of certain - Phenomena in Geological Time," and the chief objects of the author are to show that snoh agenoies as metsmorphiam and volcanic forces and others, whioh in the past have ex ercised an immense influence in forming the Oarth's Surface.are as active now as they were thousands of years ago; We have received from Mr. George , Robertson his new catalogue of boohs containing classified liBts of cheap novels, school and col lege books, javenile publications, medioal and law books, Roman Catholic publications, &c.;, making altogether a very creditable volume of 280 pages, neatly printed on good paper. One of the most important, and perhaps most useful features of the publication, is the exhaustive index of authors and subjects which it oontiins, and whioh will be highly appreciated by book buyers generally and students especially. The catalogue haB been brought down to the latest date, and forms an easy mannal of reference to the immense stock ef books usually kept by Mr. Robertson. The Port Augusta paper chronicles another accident through the carelete ubo of firearms In this instance the injuries inflicted were the result of the reprehensible practice of playing with a loaded gnn. A man namsd Mar shall Dugan entered a store at Bonooroo Greek, when a man who was. standing behind the counter presented a gnn at him in sport. The weapon fortunately was loaded only with powder, butas.it was the charge exploded in Dugan's face and severely injured his. left eye. The cutiole of the face also suffered considerably. The injured man was admitted to: the Port Augusta Hospital, and Dr. Markham states that come time must elapse before he will ret jve.*, the sight of the injured optic; . Ail action to recover £2,000 damages foe , libel has been initiated by Dt, Charles Frederick Hermann Esan,*' of Weodside, against Mr: Andrew Mitchell, , of Craigendarrooh, near Woodside, farmer. j Dr. Esan had be9n attend ing the late Mrs. Mitchell for sometime previous to hefc.death, whioh' occurred on September 3, from ohronid diarrhoea. The deceased lady was entitled to considerable property, the trustees of which were the Rev. J. MoBean and Mr. McConll, of Woodside. In a letter to the Super intendent of Police in Adelaide, asking for a coroner's inqueBt on the hody of his late-wife, Mr. Mitchell, so Dr. Esan alleges, stated-that there were suspicious oircumstanoes attending ber death, and that the doctor being interested in her property, in r >me way hastened thdt calamity.. While denying that he had any in-, terest in the deceased's property, Dr. Esan thinks only one interpretation can be placed on Mr. Mitchell's words, and that is calculated to do him great damage professionally and so li ally. Messrs. Bondey & Dashwood represent Dr. Esan, and Mr. T; K. Pater has been retained for the defence. On Sunday, October 17, sermons in connection with the twenty-ninth anni versary of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church were preached—in the morning by the Key. R. M. Hunter, and in the evening by the R9v. R. W. Campbell—to large congregations. Oa Monday, evening tea and public meetings were held, the former in the lecture-hall and the latter in the ohurch. The Hon. J. Colton, M.P. (the treasurer of the churcii), who presided at the public meeting, read his annual report, from which it appeared that the .financial result of the last year's transactions was a credit balanoe of £213s. lis. There was a sum of £92,63. 9d. to the credit of the church from the previous year, which together with the amount in hand from the year just ended made the balance in hand £95 Ob. 8d.. Besides other minor matters the report showed that the debt upon the chr- h was £2,05419s. 4d. Daring the evening the Rev. R.. W. Campbell addressed the meeting on the subject of " Christian Communism,'' the Re/.G. W.Patchell,.M.A., on "Signs of the Time'," aBd the Rev. J. Allen on ''.Church Chiv j'!/," and the. choir sang a number of anthems. The Rev. Samuel Green will deliver a leotureon " Spiritualism" this evening in con nection with the Pickwick Olnb, which meets at the chnrch schoolroom, Port Adelaide. The attendance of the public-is invited.. Professor Pepper's ghost entertaimneni at Garner's Theatre was only fairly attended on Monday evening, when the programme of Satur day evening was repeated. The entertainment appeared to be greatly enjoyed by those present, who signified their appreciation by frequent applause. • The annual tea and public meetings in connection with the Souths Australian Sua day-school Union are to be held in the Stow Church lecture-hall this evening. The presi dent will deliver his annual report, and a con siderable amount of other business is to be transacted. A promenade corcert is to tike place in the Town Hall on Friday evening,: and on the following afternoon there is to be. a scholars' service in the same place. A conversazione is-to be held in con nection-with the Young Men's Christian Asso ciation on Thursday evening, October 21. The proceedings will commenoe with an exhibition of microscopes, megalithoscopes, graphoscopes, licitires, curiosities, &c.;, lent by a' number of mtlemen, and a general entertainment will sw, the whole concluding with a gymnastic __>lay by members of the class under Mr. A. lichen. The annual tea and public meetings of the Morptefct-st-eet Primitive Methodbfc Church were held in the chnrch on Monday, October 18. There was a very fair attendance at both gatherings,: and at the public meeting Mr. W. Winwood occupied the chair. The treasurer and secretary's reports were.read. The former was not v< y so'.is factory, but"the latter, i.lthough it showed a falling off in the morning congregations and the Yonng Men's Association, indicated a slight increase of membership. Daring the evening addresses were delivered by the Revs. J. Gocdwin and J. S. Wayland, and anthems were given by the ohoir. This evening a concert in aid of the widow and family of the late Captain Lewis, of the Prima Donna, is to be held in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide. The object of the concert is so deserving that of itself it should attract a largo attendance; bat the entertainment pro mises to be one that on its own merits will be worthy of public patronage. Mrs. G. C. Smith, and Messrs. Narroway,Coombe, Trowell, Ennson, Law, and Klinker have been annonnced to make their appearance, and a full chorus of trained voices will alBo assist. " Mrs. Beaumont; Miss Middleton, and Mr. Weber are to act as pianists. Colonel Downes has sent a challenge to Captain Hillman, Perth, to the following effect, both by letter and.telegraph:—Fifteen members of the Yolunteer Military Force challenge same number volunteers West Australia to a friendly rifle match. Ranges, 200, 600, 600, and 700 yards; ten rounds each range, to be fired five and five. Positions—200 yards standing, re mainder any position but lying on the back. Service sights, no wind gauges, rest for rifle, shading, or trial shots allowed. To be fired on the same day, and as nearly as ^possible at the same hour. - The'first prize meeting of the season in connection with the Adelaide Archery Club was held on Saturday, October 16. Twenty-two members took part, and the. following were the .results:—Ladies' highest score, won by Miss Beresford with a score of 148, less white rings, 121; 2nd, Miss. Morphetfc, 113, less white, 108; 3rd, Mrs. Wright, 228, leBS bine, blaoh, and white,. 106. Ladies' greatest number of hits, won by Miss Morphett, 25 less white, 20 ; 2nd, Miss B. Price 25, less white, 19. Miss Beresford made the greatest , number, viz, 34, less white, 27; but in accordance with the roleB of the club was not allowed to take two prizes on the same day. The gentlemen's highest was won by Mr. L. Giles, with 118; 2nd, Mr7 E. Bowyer Smijth, 115, less white, 110. The Ladies Challenge was won for the first time by Mr. E. Bowyer Smijth, The following are the first five soores for the Champion prize:—1st, Mrs. Wright, 228; 2nd, Miss Beresford, 148; 3rd, Miss K'ngston; 4th, Mr. L. Giles, 118; 5th, Mr. E. Bowyer Smijth, 115. For Colonel Downes's prize the three highest scoreB of the day are—1st, Miss Beresford, 238, including a handicap of 90; 2nd, Mrs. Wright, 228, with no bahdioap; 3rd, Miss Hall, with a handicap of 170. The total scores for the two Mays are—1st, M'as Beresiord, 439;' 2nd, Miss iCjcawford, 435; 3rd, Miss Hall, 434 ; 4th, Miss ^STngston, 423; 5th, Mrs, Vivian, 419; 6th, ;Mrs. Wright, 417; 7th, Miss Aoraman, 414. Miss Moitlock was elected a member of the "club. _ . j On October 12 the R.W.G.S.j D.&. Bradbury, of the Jervois Lodge, I.O.O.F., die 1 at the Adelaide Hospital, and on Thu-sday, the 14th, his remains were interred in this West terrace Cemetery. The deceased was a useful and highly respected member of the order, and the funeral was attended by at least' 150 brothers. The service at the grave was con . ducted by the Key. C. Gibbes. - In the early, part of this year some cor respondence appeared in the Sydney papers from , Mr, E. W, Lamb, calling attention to reports he had received with reference to the supposed residence of a white , man with the aborigines south-west of the Katherine River Telegraph Station, Who it was supposed was a surviving member of the ill-fated Leichardt expedition. Mr. Lamb urged that the Government of this colony should investigate the matter, and they accordingly placed it -in: the hands of the Postmaster-General and Mr. R. Knuckey, who have. recently furnished the Cabinet with exhaustive reports on the janbject. From these there appears to be little doUbt that the whole of the members of the expedition named were' murdered, the evidence of the natives questioned being tolerably precise on the point. There seems to be some reason to believe, however, that the statement of a man named Hume,who someyears ago reported the existence ofawbitemanamongthenativesfarintheinterior of this colony, may possibly be correct, corrobo rated) as it is to a certain extent by that of Mr. MoDonald, on whose information Mr. Lamb based his statement; but it may be observed that Mr. MoDonald did not see the white man as Hume alleges he himself did, and farther, that the supposed relics of Leichardt's expedition produced by Home to prove that the man be met was Classen have been conclusively proved to be utterly fictitious. Whoever the white man met by Hume, therefore, may be, supposing him to have any real existence at all, there is scarcely any reason to suppose he is a survivor of Leichardt's expedition. 