AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. [By Augustus Jessopp, D.D., in the Athenceum of January 10.1 Little more'than two "months have passed since my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the oc currence/with which the. following narrative deals. Yet already I find that round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of romance in more, senses .than one. AsT object to be looked' upon as arkxhd of miedinm to whom supernatural visitations are vouch safed, and, on. the . other hand, do not -wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system renders 'him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions; I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the following paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so it is better they should hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other channels. The narrative was written at the request" of a friend not many days after the event, when all the circum stances were freBh in my recollection. On the 10th of October, 1870,1 drove over from Norwich to ManniDgton Hall to spend the night at Lord Orford's." Though I was in perfect health and high spirits it is fair to state that, for some weeks previously, I had had "a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind or another, Z was not, however, conscious of anything approaching weari nesB, irritability, or "fag." I arrived at 4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at 7; our party numbered six persons. Of these four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general and dis cursive, and amused and interested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen and comment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleasant patty. After dinner we played a rubber. We " left off as we began," and as two of the guests had some dis-. tance to drive we broke up at half-past 10. The main object of my going over to Manning ton was to examine and take notes upon some very rare books in Lord Orford's library which I had bem anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to Bit up for some- hours and rdake tran scripts. His lordship at first wished me to let: His valet remain-in attendance to see p.\L lights : put out, but as this would have embarrassed me-; and compelled me to go to bed earlier than I wished, Bad'aHtseiemed likely that I "should bff occupied-; iill2 or S in-tha morning, it wa* agreed that I ehouldhe feffc'to toy own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By 11 o'clebkf was the only person downstairs, and |..wasrvery soonThusily, at ;wprk and ab sorbed ih,n>j^'bo6npaiaeii.' } 4" • The rodhrih -Vhioh I_was 'writing W a large one,-with a hnge fireplace andagtand, ol&chim; irey; and it is needless, to' say that it "is fur nished with 'eveVy domfort1 andluxury. To* library opens inta this room, and ,I: had.to pass out from where I was'. sitting into this library and get 'upon a chair * to'reach the" volumes I wanted to examine'. ~ There . were. six-s small volumes in all. I took them dovhi and placed, them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work—sometiineB reading, someSmes writing. As I finished with a book X placed itiff front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table; the' candles all .burning, and as I am a chilly person," I sat myself at one corner' of the", table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. I continued ia this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expeoted,'and I had only-on* more book to. occupy me. I rose, woundup my watch, and •.opened a bottle of seltzerwater, and' I remember • thinking te myself that -1 should get to..bed.by-2 after all. I set .to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just beginning to think-that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly, over the table, and apparently examining the pile -of books that' X had been at werk upon.. The man's face was turned away frem me, but I saw his olosely-ciib reddish-brown hair,, his ear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheek bone. He -was .dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick cbrded silk orsome such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, of. about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the.chin. The right hand, which had first at tracted my attention, was clasping,, without any great pressure, the left band. Both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were conspicuous. X remember thinking that the hand Was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent' Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for somo seconds, and was perfeotly sore that ha was not a reality. A thousand thoughts cams crowding.upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then X thought," Upstairs I have a skefcoh-book —shall I "fetch it?" There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved.- the top one. I cannot explain, why..! did this—my arm passed in front, of the figure, had. it vanished. I was simply disappointed and nothing more. X went on with"my writing.aaif nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and.I had actually got to the last few words of what X had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as.before. X saw the' hands close to, my own; I turned my head again, to examine him. more olosely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. . I .was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was' writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table; it made a slight noise as it fell—the figure vanished. ' ■ Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if ha did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and * suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning; then I rose, lit my bed room candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and re placed five of the volumes; thenixth I brought hack and laid upon the table where X had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty—I know not which—but I slept very soundly. This is a Bimple and un varnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I.leave to others. " Among the instructions given by the Queen to the Governor of New South Wales," says the Sydney Mail, "there has always been included a special direction to care for the physical, moral, and religious well-being of the aborigines throughout the, colony. What has been done either by any Governor sent out by Her Majesty, or by any Government summoned to her connsels, for the pnrpose of carrying out the juBt and humane intentions of the Grown ? So far as we can find any record nothing what ever beyond the distribution of a certain amount of blankets and rations. Like the red men of the American woods and prairies, they have withered before the breath of the white man. Their broad acres have been rightly de clared waste lands of the British Crown, and for some years back have been yielding an an nual revenue of two millions sterling, out of whioh, however, we have been able to spare only a few hundreds for the maintenance of those who, called the whole continent their own less than a cen tury ago. When the last census was taken they were estimated as numbering 983 in the whole of New South Wale3, and of these only 274 were females. This disparity het'ween the sexes tells its own tale of demoralisation and of rapidly approaching extinction. Our prison records tell, if possible, a sadder tale still. For the year 1878 no fewer than 323 aborigines, or one-third of the whole, were received into the various gaols and police stations of the colony, and 240 of these conld neither read .nor writ?. Comment upon such dark evidence as this s superfluous. We found the aborigines soatteri d over this island-continent in a condition little above that of the opossums they hunted fir food; and the few of them who have not. disap peared before our westward march are in thai; condition still, with, the added misery of vioes that we have taught them. Is this Christian civilization ? For very shame, if hot for humanity's sake, the attempt now beings made to establish homes .for them in the interior ought to meet with universal sympathy." "There was a dreadful occurrence at Wattle Flat, near "Bathnrst, on Friday last," says the Sydney Echo of "Maroh 9r -"A man named Joseph Polsoabutchered his two children with an adze, while suffering from insanity, brought on by a-week's drinking. An inquest was held on the. remains of the. children at Wattle Flat, before Mr. P. Snape, fP7M., coroner. One, Mary, was a girl 12 years, and. the other a boy, named James, 9 years of ago. The father was present in custody.- He-lived in a hut, containing two rooms, at Wattle Flat with the children, and was a gardener. THa children was last seen alive - at 9 p.m. on the 5th by G. Stewart, a neighbor, to whose place they had been sent on a. message by-the pri soner. At 3 next morning Poison himself cams to Stewart, whom he asked to get up .and coma over. Stewart went to. the hut, and thera saw a horrible sight. Mary Poison was lying dead, with two dreadful wounds on the bead. He exclaimed* 'My God I what; have you done?' Prisoner said he did not know. Stewart ran back a for assistance, and upon returning, found prisoner asleep under the verandah. A little boy, two years1 old, was lying beside his murdered sister. Ha searched the other room for James Poison,'and found the dead body on the floor. Stewart re moved the living child to his own house and returned with additional assistance, when they found prisoner standing looking at the boy's body, apparently horrified, at! the sight. An adze wa-3 found in the hut, and this had human hair axid blood upon it, from which it is sup posed that it was the Instrument used in com mitting the deed. The prisoner had been re garded as an inoffensive man, but when drinking he lost all control over his actions;. He lefu Wattle Flat with the intention of giving him ""If in charge - to the police at Sofala. He mat ostable Fagan on the road. Xn regily to a estion, prisoner said he didn't, "know that he d murdered his children, but knew that they ire dead. He was taken into custody, and feer being charged with the raurdej in presence the dead children, he said 11 dont know aether I did it or-not.* The verdict returned, is ' That the children were oiurdered by their ther, while suffering und;er temporary in— nity, brought on by excessive drinking.'. Pr: ne* was then committed for trial at the athntBt OirjBuit Court. Prisoner is a'wido^rbr, id no one was in the "houie except himself add ie children when the dreadful affair occurred,* 