TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir,-I crave your indulgence for a few lines in reply fi a letter signed " A Member of tho A. J. C.," which wil very much tend to confuso, and lead mombei'3 of tho raei club astray in regard to their voting on Thursday next. Your correspondent states tho present system is not b) proxy. Well, Sir, if it is not, I don't know what is Members get these voting-papers, and fill them up witl their signatures, and often send them to their particulai friends to fill in tho names of tho candidates, and they an i .then either handed in or posted to tho secretary of the club, And this hn9 been tho plan hitherto adopted ; tho resull hoing that no member outside tho particular clique of thc " Australian," " Reform," or" Union Clubs" has any pos- sible chance of gaining a seat on the administrativo of thc A. J. C. As for saying " the game is not worth the candió," that is a very shallowargument, and if no better can he brought should be sufficient to give u majority to Mr. Terry's motion. I in no way wish to detract from thc ability of those forming theipresent committee. I feel assured they do their best, ao;ordiug to their lights. At the same timo there are plenty of gentlemen who. aro members of tho club quite aa qualified, if not moro so, to act on tho administra- tion as any of its present members. In addition, it has _ been proved beyond tho possibility of a doubt that tho infusion of now Wood occasionally inti) these institutions is beneficial in many respects. Tako " TattersaH's Club " for instance-it would never have been what it now is if it had not been for the infusion of now blood. Respecting tho "rolling up" of members on special occasions, a greater exhibition of that sort of gamo hos never been seen than at tho last election of committeemen, for " tho powers that be" had secured every up-country vote, and although, candidly speaking, I could not seo much benefit to tho club by thc election of tho proposed new. members, still I must acknowledge they had no possible show against tho combined action of tho adminis- tration thon in office. In conclusion, it has been proved, beyond all argument that voting by proxy, or using of voting papers (for thero is little or no difference in tho principle), 13 ainostobubxious mode of election, and often causes tho " ringing in '' of members who would not have the ghost of a chance if tho ballot system wero adopted. Yours, &c.; COMMON SENSE. August 31. 