Melbonrno Letter. |r»OAI OUR OWN COURKSl'UNUKNT. I Friow. nctoStT Mt, 1880, wnt ceibunly a reel letter ifay in the ahnafs ol AtistraKa, a nit lite opening of lite (it.io.l International Kxliifoition via. a -i;li. .v'llclt Will not he ford'dti'n by the lo'j.doo .m.1.' who were ic lite neighbourlioud of I;. in r.l-uts (latino the cpeniiif; cere- tii'utv. It id quite tmneeessary for me to furnish )nu with tiny details of lite day's proceedings These will have reached you hy telegram imd throueh the culumus of the daily papers before tlu se lines will he in print. Sullice it to say that the whole thine; passed oil' with j;re:tt eclat and was an unqualified success. The weather was v -ry lair and the city piesent.'d a very animntcd appearance. Inside, many ol the Courts pre sented an imperfect nnd unfinished appearance, u-d it is expected to be iwo or three weeks bc> fore evc.-yihinj; is in its place. It is thought that by Cup day everything will be fully and thorotmhly completed, nnd it is anticipated that then the city will he a sight worth seeing, as lie. ides the thousands who usually visit the city on that day nn immense number ol persons arc exoected to arrive who have postponed their visit to Melbourne so as to see the Kxhibilion 8ii«l the Cup race at the same time. Now that the 1 xhihition is really open, we ore trusting to fee a revival in trade and business. The pre- uence in Melbourne of so many hundreds of visit us must in some way surely animate busi ness and cause money to be circulated. I notice that thg,.. Melbourne weekly papers jpr 'i tin the decrease'.. Lately Baulvon became . apd nnothelt! wljtkly ctilled Southern tii'. a 1 1) has passed/ out' Of existence. As a j- an tiaiist I oeplore tr,.' Tubbing out of any news- paper, and hence feel some comfort in the km.wledgc that Saturday Night has passed through its first year with credit and success. Tho proprietors have altered the size and shape nf this popular journal, so that it may be pre served and bound into a cot.veniently sized volume. Tl.is is a step in the right direction and one which the public will no doubt properly appreciate. Kfl.irts are being made to re-arrange (be num bering of the houses in some of the important streets in the suburbs. As it is the present numbers ure not only useless but misleading. Some streets contain ten or twelve bouses witn the same number on the door, and some with no number at all. The postmen tree put to a great deal of unnecessary trouble a; 1 an alteration would he welcomed by them and also by resi dents in the locality. . It is proposed to hold a grand naval and military review on the Prince of Wales' birthday, at the Flemington Racecourse. It is anticipated that it will be a grand success. .Something like a panic has seized the Civil Sv v! e. The wholesale dismissal of clerks, &c.;, Iras caused a feeling of uncertainty to pervade the whole ssrv'ce and the rumour that large dis missals are to take place do not cause the mem- 'c L-rs of the Civil Service to feel very happy. Retrenchment in the various departments is perfectly justified, but the Berry Ministry are going the wrong way to work. On Saturday, October and, the Argus, deter mined 1 suppose to do something astonishing in connection with the Exhibition, published a special number which is without doubt the' largest daily paper issued in Australia. It con tained no less than 140 columns of closely p-interj m-uter. I have taken the trouble to think this matter over, and a close and attentive consideration and examination of the matter gives me the following results. The number of lettets or separate pieces of type-contained in that day's Argus amounts to r, 250,000 which is' cou'i.iered tn he more letters than are usually to be found in three octavo volumes each contain ing 400 pages. If the type were laid end to end they would form a line more than 143 miles in length, or if laid side hy side they would then; form a fine over is miles in length. If a person were compelled to count these types one by one and devoted ten hours a day to the work and counted at a moderately rapid rate, it would take him six weeks to complete his task. Tf one- compositor had to do the mere " setting up " ol' these types and worked ten hours a day at the usual rate, he would be nearly five months, before his work was done. These few remarks may give yon some idea of the special number of the Argus, and I think to prepare and pub lish a paper ol this kind within 24 hours reflects great credit on the enterprise of the proprietors' of this paper, and I trust they will meet with all the success they deserve. Mr. Milncr Stephen "the marvellous cure man " is on a visit to Melbourne and lie antici pates raping a rich harvest. II this gentleman would only manfully cptne forward and state the truth, that his cures are affected by the aid of mesmerism or annual magnetism, instead of pre tending to be assisted l,y ghosts and spirits, there would be nothing remarkable in it Mr. Stephen knows very well that there is nothing supernatural in his "gift of healing," and that there 1? at this moment a lady in England per- lornting more wonderful cures, who lays no claim to be assisted by the dead. Let Mr. Stephen cease associating his cures with religion, let him come forward and admit that he is but a second- rate magnetism, and then I think he may be treated with respect. There is in my judgment little cr no credit in being associated with such a system of impiety, infidelity and blasphemy as spiritualism is. The Legislative Assembly being m-..c anxious to "collar the sugar" th-;i to create a dead lock, consented to acct; ! a reasonable pro- posals of the Council, and on Saturday last their 1 aSleques wereavaitaBle.'' U U savd that various = T money lenders, tailors,: and other tradesmen feel quite happy since the Bill has been passed. The outside public do not feel very much pleased at the selfish greed manifested by the Assembly, and are much pleased at the manly demeanour rxhibited by the Upper House. This has given Mr. Berry a fresh lease of office and it is quite possible that the Ketorm BUI will now be passed. 6i.i October, iiiS- . The Auckland Weekly News says four returned diggers consider that there are forty- six claims on Temora equal to any in the world. But they also sy there are twenty duffers for every good claim. A child at Mount Gamher has died from the e ffects of a bite on her arm by a black spider. She was afflicted with large abscesses all over iter body, and suffered terribly. An auctioneer at Wellington was fined £s for selling at night. O'.e of the reefs of the Booroob silver mine, opened hut a slu ri time, has already yielded 50,000 ounces of silver, of the valueof 20,000. 