OU31 CITY LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Adelaide. Julv 14.1880. Very carious things are done sometimes in journalism in South Australia. On Tuesday there appeared in the Advertiser a somewhat portentious paragraph quoted from the Mel bourne Age in reference to the state of trade in this colony, in which it was stated that in all probability a commercial crisis was im pending in South Australia, that storekeepers had given too much credit to farmers,-and that farmers could not dispose of their wheat. This terrible statement was published without any attempt at contradiction beyond a line or two of introduction, which was apparently in tended to be facetious. Having elaborately thus raised the ghost, to-day an extended statement appears in the Advertiser contra dicting the vague statements of the paragraph in fiie Age, or at least intimating that there has been dullness in trade, but nothing like a orisis need be feared. It is even insinuated that the - paragraph in the Age originated with some merchants in Melbourne, who hare been sending goods to South. Australia; and ■finding that the stocks of the Local houses are as heavy as their own, hare placed their goods in the hand of retailers, with whom. Adelaide houses would not do business, and have there by suffered- This is somewhat rough, but any merchant in Melbourne who knows the influence of the wholesale houses in Adelaide over the retail dealers can afford to smile at the suggestion. Surely, however, if it was worth while to publish the statement made in the Age the bane and the antidote might have appeared together. No doubt the para graph in the Age was too exaggerated in tone, but no one can deny that the present aspect of commercial affairs in South Australia is not & very bright one. Rumors of houses falling are rife, and even good paper is looked | at very shyly. There is, however, coosfcema- j tion in the banks, and annoyance in commer- j cial circles apart from the arising of sudden j circumstances which demand in the one case the sudden turning of the screw, and in the ! other suffering from the effeots of that opera* j tion. | Some time ago Mr. Cargeeg, our active J advertising agentj in the city introduced to the J notice of merchants and others a very:simple j copying machine of American invention called 1 the ehromograph. The object .of the appara tus was the rapid and easy reproduction of a -considerable number of fae similes of letters or other written documents. The principle of the invention is that the document to be copied is written in ink of a peculiar composi tion. It is then placed on a surface of pre pared gelatine, which absorbs a sufficient quantify of the ink, without injuring the ap pearance of the original writing, to enable a vary considerable number of copies to be taken off by simply pressing damp sheets of paper upon it. The reproductions are, of course, exact copies line for line of the origi nal. A well-known merchant in the city has discovered the fact known before in some circles, that papers written inordinary writing ink could be easily copied by means of the ehromograph, and hence that every facility was afforded by the apparatus if in thehands of dishonest persons for the reproduction of cheques. A series of experiments were tried in one of the banks to-day, which indubitably proved that the ehromograph is a real danger to commercial men and bankers. With such a facile means as this for committing enor mous frauds, procurable by any person for thirty shillings, surely some steps will be taken by the banks in self-interest to put an end to the absurd custom of allowing cheques to lie broadcast in public-houses, and of per mitting cheques to be drawn for insignificant Bums, which already have opened the door ex tensively to dishonesty. The matter has, however, a yet more serious aspect, for it would appear to be a nice question of law whether a genuine cheque duplicated for dishonest purposes by means of the ehromo graph could be brought under the category of forgery. The ehromograph decidedly requires to be legislated for specially. The new Exchange evidently does not please everybody. The corn dealers now are beginning to complain, and are agitating for another exchange all to themselves in a more central position in the city. A meeting was held on the subject yesterday, which was attended by a good many persons interested in the wheat trade. There can be no doubt it would be an advantage both to the corn mer chants and the farmers if an exchange set apart for wheat were established. Some of the speakers, among others Mr. John Darling, jun., was of opinion that a separate eichange should be established, and managed by a com mittee. The majority, however, thought that it was not desirable to form an exchange apart from the present building in Pirie-street, and certainly, so for as the convenience of the farmers is considered, the site is as good as any that could be devised. But they agreed it was advisable that an association should be formed, by which any disputes arising in connection with contracts for the sale of wheat or flour could be amicably settled. A resolution was finally carried, em bodying the views of the majority, and a committee was appointed to arrange for car- • rying the resolution into effect. The proposed arrangement will, it seems to me, be indubit ably of advantage to farmers, and I hope to see it energetically taken up. Orangeism which is so strong in the other colonies, is I am told becoming a power in Adelaide. To morrow night there is to be a tea and concert to celebrate the anniversary of St. Luke's church, and as the the Orange men were unable to obtain the use of the Town Hall ou July 12th for a celebration of the anniversary of Ihe Boyne as they intended, . in consequence of Mr. Procter's lecture taking place on that evening, they have made com mon cause with the congregation of St. Luke's. to show their sympathy with them in their recent action against the ritualistic movement, and the affair -will have a distinctly Orange character. It is I am informed expected that upwards of three hundred members of the order will be present at the concert in regalia. A laige number of tfaem also on Sunday last went in procession t-> St. I/uke*a, where- a special senium was preached for them by the Kev. Mr. Pollitt, the incumbent, who it is eaid is a member of the order. There is no reason to fear that the Orangemen of South : Australia any more than those of JSTew South , Wales and. Victoria will seek to revive faction j fights among us on the various days when ' such diversions are indulged in at home and ! in Canada. Politically, however, the Order j I may become a power in the colony, and if i [ well managed may be productive of good, j Hitherto nothing lias been heard of them, but j I they are evidently existent and becoming ; ! active. ' Another discovery of payable gold in the | southern district of the colony is reported. So many people in the city are, however, as regards gold mining, in the position of those who according to the proverb are having been bitten twice shy ; that there is not much risk of undue excitement over it. The institution for the Blind, and Deaf, and Dumb, iB one well deserving of support, I am therefore glad to say that the perfor mance of the " flower Queen" by the model school children at Garner's Theatre for its benefit to-night drew a- crowded audience. The performance which was in every way a success, will be repeated on Friday. I hope a handsome addition to the funds of the in stitution will be the result. Credit is due to Mr. Townsend, Mr. Clark, and all concerned for the euetgetic way in which they have .worked to render the affair a success. Adelaide, July 15. The Treasurer announced in the Assembly yesterday thathe would lay the estimates on the table if possible to-morrow, or at the latest on Tnsday next. The debates have been languid enough hitherto; but there is now some chance of a party struggle. There will be a deficit announced without doubt, and surely Mr. Ross and Mr. Bray will endeavor to get up some amount of excitement over it. Mr. Quin has been an excellent "member for the Port; always active whenever the interests of his constituency were concerned, and, although not a brilliant, a thoroughly conscientious politician. I regret his retire ment, but hope if his health. be restored we shall -see him again in the House. Mr. John Halt and Mr. Dempster axe to be asked to stand for the vacancy. Both are good men for the position, and cither would serve tjie constituency well. The Select Committee of the House of Assembly on Mr. Boothby's case have found they had more work to. do than they antici pated, and accordingly have applied for an extension of time before sending in their re port, which has been granted. The Hon. W. Morgan was among the witness's examined this week. The Corporation have decided to go in for asphalt, to the rejoicing of «11 persons with tender feet, who found the easting unevea ness of our pavements anything but pleasant. They are going to spend some £10,090 on the scheme, and it will be money well laid out. It is to be hoped due care will be taken not only to get the right sort of asphalt, but to have it properly laid down ; for, as the ex perience of the European cities show, there is asphalt of two qualities, some being exceed ingly good, and some excessively bad. Good asphalt also may be spoilt by the manner in which it is manipulated. As they arc going to spend so much money, therefore it is to be hoped our civic authorities will take care not to bungle the matter for the sake of a small possible saving. The dam for the Torrehs has also been approved by the Council, and they are desirous-to raise a loan for. the pur pose of carrying the work out. The cost will, be somewhere about £15,000; but if the affair is properly managed, it seems to me there is every reasonable prospect of a good j return for the expenditure being obtained. The question of •-■providing better baths for -the city than -ihose at present existing was. also discussed by the Council, and everyone who is in the habit of frequenting the pre sent establishment, will heartily hope that some improvement will be effected. 