MR. PROCTOR'S ASTRONOMICAL LECTURES. BIRTH AND GROWTH OF THE UNIVERSE. Mr. Proctor delivered his sixth and last lee tore — 'Birth and Growth of the Universe'— at tbe Town Hall os Wednesday, July 21. He said that before commencing his subiect he had to reply to some questions that had been asked him, and also to a certain line of reasoning which had been advanced in one oi the' daily papers, opposing itself to the views he was supposed to hold. The questions he had been asked were these :— In the first place be was told that when the comet of 1843 was in sight a theory was ad vanced to the effect that that comet consisted of ice, and that as the comet approached the Sun tbe beat of the Sun first melted the ice, and then tamed the water into steam, and that the tail of a comet w*u a loi'g track of steam left behind the comet, justas the steam was left behind the funnel cf an advancing steamer. He was aoktd whether that was a theory to which he felt himself inclined. He thought that he could definitely reply to that question, ** No.' He did did cot teel the slightest inclination to admit it oc tee bares*/ possibility in its favour. In tbe first place, «e knew that comets' tails wsra not made cf st-tum, and, ia the second place, tbe tail of a comet was not carried hehiud the comet, did not lie directly in its track,, but at a very cotuiderable angle to that track ; and when the couet was passing away from tbe Sun the tail ?pas rot behind it, but ia front of it The next question asked him was whether he thought that the planet Venus had a satellite or not. It happened very strangely that in the last century many observers ot great skin fanuied they had detected a satellite attending on Venue ; however, we knew now quite certainly that tbey must have been deceived. Possibly what they saw was oue of those optical ghosts, as tbey were sometimes called, or false images, wade by tbe double reflection between the glasses of the telescope, which had over and over again deci ived astronomers of repute. As an illustration, he referred to the mistake made by Otto Strove, the celebrated astronomer, some four or five years sgo, when he described to the Astronomical Society a small star which he had seen through the great telescope of Pulkova, attend itg on the bright star Procyon, in the cousttll&tion; Cauls Miuor, and to his stib tequeut admission of error— that tbe supposed star had betn a phantom- an optical illusion produced by a certain imperfection in his t. le scope 'VYe were now quite certain by observa tions made through the finest telescoped ot our day that the placet Venus tuduosatelliteatal), or that if sbe bad any then that satellite must be an evtn smaller body than either of the moons attecd.tnt on Mars. The third question waii as to whether he thought the planet Neptune had a satellite. Certainly he did. We knew quite well that Neptune had a satellite, discovered by Lascelles and seen by Otto Strove, and the only point of doubt was whether or cot Neptune had two satellites. He believed that the observations supposed ta relate to a second satellite of Neptune had been observations cf a very faint star in the neigh bourhood of that planet at that particular time. Then he was asked whether he believed that the ring of small bodies travelling be tween the paths of Mars and Jupiter — the ring of asteroids — had been originally a siDgle placet which had burst He would have occasion later on to deal with that ss it fell within bis subject, but he would just say in passing that the theory of a bursting planet was no longer entertained. The nature of the movements cf the known planets was such a~* woald cot allow of the admioion of such a theory. He next proceeded to refer to a letter I uUiabed in a daily paper, in which the writer bad taken exception to a remark that he had raui-le in one of his lectures, that if there were infrabitacts on tbe Moon in ages gone by, the Mot n would have appeared to such inhabitants to be tne centre of the universe. The writer of thst letter appeared to forget that he had only made a statement, and not submitted a theory, and that of course he had referred to the state of things existing on the Mo*n, not as they were cow, but as they were many millions of years ego. when the Moon rotated m*ny times more rapidly than it did cow. Tbe subject of his lecture took him back, not only to the beginning of such an orb as this Earth, but also to the beginning of the solar system itself. There were those who seemed to fear that in trying to picture the solar system as resulting from a process resembling growth, we were striking at the root of man's religious belief. He could never understand why it should be so ; he could never understand that, when we recognised on the larger scale what we had long learned to recognise on the smaller scale — the perfection of laws working out gradual changes and developing parts of God's universe — we had done something that should shake our faith and make us, to use the words of one of those writers who had this fear, set tiside the Almighty in tbe name of universal law. It etemed to him to be the height of absurdity to suppose that; because we enlarged \--*ar conceptions and widened oat ideas of the per fection of law, we should at once recognise that the Maker of those laws had Una influence over the creation th*in we bad at first supposed. In point of fact, science and religion were only connected in this way— science' deal* with tbe finite, though by means of the finite it raised our thoughts to the infinite. Science dealt with finite regions of space. Though to the eye of Bcience tbese regions were being continually enlarged, yet tbey remained finite. Stiil science was able to say that there could be na limit to space or to time. Science called our minds to recognise infinity of time in the psst and in the future. Infinity of occupied time seemed more reasonable than a past infinity of void time, a future eternity of void time, and only a finite period of time occupied by events. Science, by making us recognise these two inconceivable* — infinity of space and the infinity of time — showed us how we ought to admit, though we could not conceive the idea, an infinite power and infinite pni-pof-e working in company at the same time and throughout the same space. The coDnistect movements of the planets and asteroids of the selar system justified us in eudeavonring from that law ol uniformity to trace the history of the solar system. It was not sufficient to say simply that it pleased the Almighty to fashion the solar system as we found it, for that would place a bar to all research. A similar answer had beep at first given to tbe discoveries of geologists, when per goes, whom he supposed wished to prevent all enquiry into what they thought was dangeron? —persons who thought they were religious hut wl*o were really wanting ia faith— said that thp evidences discovered in the strata of the Earth cf. the existence of creatures in long past periods of time bad ' been placed in the crust of the forth just as they were found, sod had possibly been placed there to furDifh those who were too inquisitive by leading them astray. (Laughter.) He then described Laplace's theory of the evolution of the solar system from a vaporous or g&f-eoas; form^jnto placets, and the subsequent similar evolution of the planets into satellites or smaller gaseous manses. Laplace's theory gave a fair account of the formation of the solar system, but did not account for the various bodies in the solar system being so singularly arranged as they were found to be in their respective masses and positions. To Laplace's theory must be added the process of meteoric aggregation. He proceeded to show how the recognition of this p**oc«es of meteoric aggregation wonld lead them to expect just what they actually found in tbe solar system. Tbey must remember that the theory of evolution of Laplace was not a process of planets being thrown off, but a process of contraction and nebular concentration. [Some views illustrative of what was supposed to be the aspect of the solar system when the various nebular streams were in process of separation, and of starcloud lets as observed by astronomers, and believed to support this theory, were here exhibited.] These spiral nebular streams were sappoied to be solar systems in process of gradual formation, and some of them occupied regions of space which wouldTcompletely fill up the whole circle of the path even of Neptune— the remotest of tbe planets of onr solar system— and possessed quantities of matter within them already more than sufficient for the formation of a system like our solar system. From spectroscopic ob servation*-, which showed the presence of hydrogen and nitrogen in only one of the four tints of each of these gases, some astronomers had suggested that in these star-cloudlets we bad not oriy an early stage of system formation, but also the elements in their true elementary condition. The addition of Laplace's theory of the process of meteoric aggregation, by which planets were continually growing, would, be thought, if rightly considered, fur nish a law which seemed to account for the respective massiveness of tbe planets jnst as we- found them, dose to tbe Sun the velocity of the forming planets would be very great, and in accordance with this rapidity of motioi would be the difficulty of meteoric aggregation. A planet nearer to the Sun wonld have a smaller chance of growing than ore at a greater distance. On the other hand there would also be a difference in the quantity of matter available. We could see even at the present time that the meteoric or cometic matter was richer in quantity near the Bon than far away from it, and it was evident when tbese two prints were considered, that there would he some given distance from the Sun where tbese two opposing effects would be so balanced that ' that region would be most favourable to the formation of a planet Going further away again from the Sun, while tbe velocity of the formiBg planet would be less, sad thus favourable to meteoric aggregation, the q*oantity of meteoric matter available would be diminished. Taking Jupiter as that central point, they wonld naturally ex pect to find just outside Jupiter that the planet next formed would be smaller, but that there would be even greater wealth of architec tural display, as in Sitnra. Outside that again tbe quantity of meteoric matter would be lest and Uen, and we should expect to find— sjj we did fifid— outside Saturn ?***n**-ii«r placets still. Jest inside the path of Jupiter it was manifest that a planet would form under unfavourable circumstanOM. Then would not only be an in creased -rapidity of motion, owing to closer proximity to the San. but the perturbing effect of tbe giant planet already formed, er forming, would be so great that a planet would be hardly able to form at ell. Thst would be a region where we would expect to find a case of what Dr. Hewell called 'a planet spoiled in the making.'* This expectation was confirmed by the fact that just inside tbe path of Jupiter we had the ring of asteroids. Geming nearer to the Sun, 'the circumstances would bo more favour able than in the last case, and midway between Jupiter and the San the conditions would be most favourable for the formation of inner planets. There we would expect to find, what we did God in tbe case of the Barth, tbe largest of the inner placets, and one having an attendant moos. Goiniog nearer still to tbe Sun, the conditions would again bei-ome Itus favourable, and the placets would Ve smaller, and -we would expect to find, its velocitr bein j so great,'tthe planet nearest to the 8nn to be the least of all, as was the case with M.:r.-ury. Pro bably between' Mercury and the Snn there would be a ring of small bodit*, like the riujr of asteroids. He believed that a r.uaabcr of obser vation.', which bad been sapposM to relate to an iLter-Mercurial plnnet, r*a!ly related to a iinmber of very sn.i«ll bojie« cireulntini; in a ritg between the psth of Sl'-rcury aud the central m*M-s of the Sun. In further, nupport of this theory of meteoric aggregation he instanced I'roftueor Kirkwood's c*lcul*t!on.i find observa tions upou the srrstigem^iit of tbe asteroids into dii-tanres thn-ash the di»tarbing action of Jupiter, and his otu wibseqaent observation of tbe o-.-parent obrdience to a simitar law in tha ring of Saturn by tho multitude of tiny rate! lites which, it wts now known, formed th^t ring, in cons( qm nee of the perturbations* csu*ei by tbe moons of Saturn. Vit-ws of tbe various place's in their different sb^e-* of dev^lopioeot, and of tbe star-depths, fuHcuved, th* latter being il]n8trative of the fact that tbe telescopic st»r» were more ricMy strewed along the region of tbe Milky Way, whi'e the star-cloudlets aggre gated in regions remote from the Milky Way, tbtiS seearicg to indicate the existwiee of some mighty law ua yet undiscovered. In conclusion bo argued that science was iu accord with the teachipgs of religious men of old tiiws Science imprrssed upon u-- 'he old old question, ' Oaiiat thou by t carcldug find out God ? Cuust thou fiod out the Almighty unto p*- rftctioo ? Higher than heaven, what cau.it thou do? Deeper than hell, what canst -thoa kuow?' Science tinve to this question tha same an--;ver that was given by men of old timed, ' We cannot fiod Him oat.' (Loud applause ) 