NORTH GaPPSLAND ELECTION. MR. RICHARD MACKAY AT SALE. Mr R. Mackay addressed a large meeting of electors at the Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening. The Mayor took the chair, remarking that out of six candidates four must be disappointed, and he trusted the electors' choice would fall on the ablest men. Mr Mackay invoked for himself a patient hearing. on the ground that this was his first appearance before a large public meet ing, and then proceeded to read a statement of his political views, occupying an hour and three-quarters in reading it. Ho claimed to have been the pioneer of the good news in 1862 that there existed a market for Gippsland produce at the Jordan and Upper Thomson coldlields. adding that he held as large a freehold stake in North Gippeland as any of the other candidates. Mr Mackay then gave a long history of the reform agitation. He had no doubt that had the Reid-Munro propositions- contaiinin tile mnnicipal franchise for the Upper House, the double dissolution, and the final joint I sitting-been made in good faith. they would have been accepted. The Liberal members of the Assembly, however, distrusted the motives of the persons bringing the measure forward, and they had good ground for their distrust. Mr Mackay then indulged in a diatribe against the Constitutiooalists, for having given a shain banquet to Black Hen derson, and attempting to procure him a passage in the mail steamer with the Chief Secretary, owning, however, that he dis approved of the embassy itself. He com plained that there was no guarantee that the Council would pass the Munro propositions. Although he did not admire the plebiscite, he thought, with the Premier, that there would never be any occasion to resort to it. He did not think Mr lerry was hound to adhere to the specific measure on which he was defeated, as he obtained the dissolution on the broad question of reform. Mlr Berry had worked harder than any other man for reform, and it was the duty of every elector to assist him. Not until the Council endorse the Munro Bill should the country be asked to consider it. He had no faith in the Council or its mouthpieces, and would sup. port Mr Berry in effecting in his own way the reform he was sent into the House to accomplish, rather than be hoodwinked and further delayed. The Education Act was another victory wrung from the Council by public opinion. Mr Mackay uttered aun elaborate panegyric on tile Education law, denying indignantly that it was, as same writers and politiclans craftily asserted, a more side issue. He said:-" A side issue ! It is the skeleton in the cupboard to the enemies of reform-it is the bogey that affrighta-the ghost that stalks so silently, yet so threateningly, that if they only eye it askance their flesh creeps and their knees trenble. Talk about side issues I" (A voice: "Why, you're a ranter!"-Much laughter.) He did not think that religious teaching should be mixed up with the secu lar course. Mr Mi. then denounced the regulations introdluced by fMr Longmore for restricting a selector in dealing with his lease, but made persistent and depreciatory references to Mr Casey, as the Minister who commenced the systemn of administering by regulations. Mr Longmore hadi intensified tlhe evils, but lie was actuated by good mo tives. To these regulations he attributed much of the penury and depression existing among the selectors. tie was a Protectionist f1om self interest, he found it suited his pocket. He believed the present system of payment of members to be wrong, as £300 a year in a triennial Parliament was sufficient to induce men to sell their convictions and their votes-" the corrupt parasites .who compose pliant majorities." If payment be necessary, it should be for actual attendances, and in proportion to amount of labour and expense incurred, and members of the Upper Huseo should not be paid at all. (Hear.) The public service needed reorganis ing, particularly the Lands andi Customs. He gave his adhesion to a Mining on Private Property Bill, and thought the labour cove. nants of mining leases shoulid he strictly en forced. Mr Mackay concluded by saying that he had declined to come forward as the nominee of any organisation, though lihe had been strongly invited to do so,,as he did not believe in cliques. He contested the electo. rate on his merits, anl, in spite of rumours industriously spread that he meant to re tire, he would go to the poll ; he would visit every centre of the constituency, and fight the election as it ought to be fought, were the odds twentyfold against him,- (Ap. plause.) Question : From what political party did you receive overtures? Mr Mackay: From the representatives of the Liberal party. Question : How about the 6th clause ? Mr Mackay : I don't believe in it, but I shall support Mr Berry in any scheme he may bring in as against the Council and its mouthlpieces. Question : How can you reconcile your supporting Mr Berry with your opposition to the 6th clause and the plebiscite ? Mr Mackay, evidently nonplussed, re turned no answer. Question: Do you believe in a nominee Upper House Mr Mackay : I do not. (The candidate here inveighed against MIr Casey for having, as he said, once advocated inomincoitnm, and being now opposed to it.) Tie meeting, which long before the con elusion of the address had thinned down nearly one-half, terminated in a vote of thanks to the chair. 