CHAPTER XXVII. I A SUPERFLUOUS PRECAUTION. Apart from the portrait of hia missing assistant, and the furtherance, as he imagined, of his Buit with Amy, it was not very much that Mr. Signet had obtained from his visit to Cavendish-grove, but it was some thing. It was important to him, as we have said, to Bhow that he for his part entertained the highest confidence in Matthew Helston, and continued to do bo; that he and Matthew's belongings were as good friends as ever, notwithstanding what had occurred; and it still more behoved him to strengthen and to keep stedfast all testimony that told. for Matthew. At present this was confined to that of John Kutherford, the cabman's; not a very weighty witness, it may be thought, against the direct evidence of Lady Pargiter and her servants, but still, as Mr. Brail had reported, dependable. Moreover, supposing he had not been bribed by Matthew-an idea that was rigidly excluded from Mr. Signet's present calculations-what motive could he have-had for falsehood? Mr. Signet had been told by Mr. Brail, that "if he meant to make a fight for it"-that is. to decline to pay Lady Pargiter for the loss of the diamonds-he had better not viBit Hybla-mews in person. "They will say," urged the detective, " that you got at the man, and paid him to stick to his Btory-which is already, I must confess, to my thinking very much in the cock-and-bull line." But, inclined as the jeweller was to follow the police agent's advice in the main, and to attach much weight to his opinions (when they did not tend to despair of his own chances), he found this prohibition too hard ; to be obeyed. Like a child who haB a dormouse he is forbidden to' stroke, Mr. Signet hankered after his only witness, and could not understand how lie coula be damaged by a little handling. He had not the least intention of cramming him for cross examination, or of suggesting to him any fact that might not have come to his bwn knowledge, but he waited to aee of hi an he was, and to hear with his ownears the details of that strange story, on the main* tenance or breaking down of which BO much depended. The largeness of his stake in the matter was of course the main reason of his acceptance of the cabman's theory, bat hi» dislike of Lady Pargiier-which by this time, indeed, had grown to positive hatred-un doubtedly made it more grateful to him. On leaving Cavendish-jjTOve his osuat' couraewould have been citywards, bat he bade hiB driver put him down at Hybla-ter race, at the _ comer of which he dismissed'' bim. He did not wish the man to know that he was about to visit the mews. As he neared the Rising Sun he came upon an unkempt shambling creature, certainly attached to the publichouse in one sense, and probably so in another, of whom he inquired John Rutherford's number. But the professed ignorance and referred him to the inn. Under any other circumstances-even in his improved ones of late days-Mr. Richard Dartmoor would certainly have been met with slouching under the portico, or specu lating with his hands in his pockets upon the solid content of the edifice from without;, but he had disappeared within the last ten hours, almost as suddenly as poor Matthew Helston. The cause of this was remarkable. Mr. Dartmoor had been slouching and specu lating, as usual, on the preceding afternoon, when, on emerging from the inn after a re freshing " dram, he had suddenly come upon the very person whom Mr. Signet had' just met. This dissolute lounger and loafer was so exceedingly like himself, that the effect was almost the same upon him aa that of the doppel-ganger upon a<German, or that species of second Bight called " the double" upon a Scotchman. Imagine a person of nervous temperament (much aggravated by liquor), who, intendinga practical joke, dresses himself up as a spectre,. and instead of his victim meets in a lonely place a real ghost, and you will have some sort of idea of the state of mind into which Mr. Richard Dart moor was thrown by-this rencontre. He toddled back to - the inn for a tonic dram, and then Blouched oat by the swing door on the other side, not certain of his future movements-i.e., whether he would not shift his quarters and leave the Rising Sun for good and all rather than face such visions; when what should he see within £ few yards of him but another counterfeit pre* sentment of-himself? " Voild, deux-there are two!" he would have exdirimed, tike the Black Mousquetaire of Thomas Ingoldsby* had he been familiar with the quotation; as it was. he murmured, " Bluebottles, by gum!" Then he looked up to the Bky with a <*"*1*88 air, as though Bnow-flakea were thistle-down, and soutli-eaBters zephyrs, and not gra dually, like the youth who " journeys farther from the East,", but at a much more rapid rate increased his distance from the " Risinjr Sun." Unconscious of the loss which society in the neighbourhood of Hybla-terrace had thus received, Mr. Signet entered the mews and was directed to Mr. Rutherford's dwelling. He had a certain right to intrude upon the cabman's privacy, inasmuch as the latter waB well aware he had defrayed, through Matthew Helston, the very considerable Bums that had gone into " honest John's" pocket in payment for those nightly expedi tions to Moor-street, the last of which had ended so disastrously. The door was opened to him by Sally, who always performed that office. -" I am Mr. Signet," he said, frankly;. V you. will know what I am come about." " I know very well," shesaid. " You have sent the police after my poor husband, but he is not a bit frightened. He is as hobesta nlan as yob are; and he has told ho lies." " I hope -not," said Mr. Signet in a very genuine manner. '"Tell the truth and stick to it' should be every Englishman's motto. If yon.will allow, me, I will walk upstairs." PerhapB he had read in Hints on Etiquette that in getting over stiles and going upstairs one should. precede a lady, or perhaps..he wished to see Mr. Rutherford before his wife should announce hiB presence; but at all events Mr. Signet did precede her. He found the cabman still in his sleeved waistcoat, as Mr. Brail had found-him : he had been too much disturbed in hiB mind to complete his toilette, far less to take his cab out as usual, and he was. smoking his six teenth pipe. " Oh here's another, is there f hp growled. " It's Mr. Signet, John," put in Sally hastily. " What do I care who it is ?" " Of course you don't," said the jeweller '^an honest man should have no apprehen sions." "Apprehensions be hanged!" exclaimed Mr. Rutherford. "Of course I shaUbe apprehended. Poor folks always are when rich folks have roialaidthings, or made away with them. 1 knewa man as was transported for life for stealing a watch that was all the time in an old lady's watch-pocket- oyer her bed, and who was BO fortunate after a year or two to get the Queen's pardon for it-; but it isn't everybody as has his good lack." "That was a sad mistake, indeed," said the jeweller, sympathisingly. "But it can not have occurred in this case. Would you be so good as to tell me what yon know about this Moor-Btreet business-the same story, I mean, that you told-the person who called on you this morning? Have you got such a thing as pen and mk, Mrs. Rutherford V A bright thought here btruck the jeweller. He would set the man's narrative down in, writing, and get him to sign it; If it was of no other use, it would be always handy to refresh Mr. Rutherford's memory. Sally produced a washing-took, the stomp. of a pen, and an inkbottle. the contents <ot *which were so dried up, mat it. had to be liquefied like the blood of St. Januarius. Mr. Signet, however,, was deft with. hiB fingers, and could write with anything. John narrated the story with whiiii .we ue acquainted more doggfedly than before, but almost in the same words. " If. you. was to squeeze me between the keb dboxtLof mytown. 'ansom," he said, " yon wonld always have the same story." Mr. Signet looked at him. as though he had been an early martyr pteparbd^toauffer-for the faith-and perhaps even, itftth a admiration. * " Now be so kind, my. i&ecjttttft; fellow* te> set your name to th% which'L have written, down from ypux own hps." " No, I couldnt do that,"1 said «xy; 1' *reftUyJWuWft't.". . , ? ., Not sign it? Then, do you mean, to say its nottme.you Bcdundrel?* , Mr. S|gnet weuld-paobably haxe'taoeeeded tousemoch- BtoOMerlangnaMiadiKiiyilis. mask.,I suppose." . ? ?ou call ma a sooondMl Wl makeapretty big mark between your^m," ?ftxrjmnyd John uascibht, \- He's _ honesty, itself," nm_^_. Signetm a rapture at thUmenaofc "J wetouWhavei .wife." Mr. Signet stepped to the " verander and put his head out; immediately opposite, smoking a Btraw, and speculating after the manner of his kind, was the man to whom he had applied in vain for Mr. Rutherford s ad" Become here !" he cried authoritatively. The man slouched carelessly across the yard, though the wind was keen enough to nave quickened the steps of a sloth. . f ! " Catt you write?" inquired the jeweller. " Aye," replied the other, BO. gloomily that one might have thought the knowledge of that art-upon the principle of a little learn ing being a dangerous thing-had brought him into his present ungrosperous condi tion. . " Then come up here. , Not without some pride in the device which his own legal acumen had suggested, Mr. Signet pointed out the spot in the wash ing-book where the cabman was to put his cross, and the witness to subscribe his name. The materials he had to work with were crude enough, but every formality was com plied with. Mr. Rutherford evinced a decided gratification in repeating the words Witness my act and deed" after the jeweller: when he murmured with a sigh of satisfaction, litera scripta tnanet, hqnest John nodded approv ingly as though that mystic sentence had ljeen the one thing necessary to accomplish the rite. . "Money," said Mr. Signet, addressing the stranger, who stood with his eyes glancing furtively about him and with his hand pass ing slowly over his mouth, as though in fond imagination removing the traces of liquor, " 1 am unable to give you for this service; but I dare say a dram of something short would be acceptable this cold morning. Mrs. Rutherford, can you oblige me so far?" Sally at once produced a bottle of gin, and Mr. John Jones, messenger, of Rose-court, Oxford-street-for Buch, it appeared from the document, was his style and title-having accepted her hospitality, ducked his shock of j hair and shambled out. " What I have said to yonder fellow, I must say to you, John," continued the jeweller; " what you have done this morning must go without any immediate fee or reward. No man, sayB -the law, must be paid for telling the truth." " I quite understand that, sir," answered Mr. Rutherford, naively, "for then every body would tell the truth, and where would the lawyers be!" : " But henceforth remember, Star and Sig net are your'friends, my man. They will see you through this business, and when that's done will show their gratitude." " What I should like better than money though money's alius acceptable to a poor lnant Mr. Signet-is to see that 'ere Lady Pargiter trounced. It's iier as has been the cause of all this from 'first to last; and it's her as hasJ got Master Matthew, and them diamonds-I'U lay my life on it." "Give me your hand, John," said Mr. Signet effusively-" I wish I could put some thing in it* but 1 dare not An honest man's the noblest work of Providence.-Lest your memory should ever want refreshing, by the bye, concerning this matter, I'll have a copy made of this little document, and your wife will read it out to you-you can read, my good woman, can't you ?" " Read i" exclaimed John with indigna tion. " JuBt you wait and hear her! Sally, give him that account of the Tetbury Pet's performance in last week's Hera." . " Not juat now; another day," said Mr. Signet hastily. "Xiod bless you both I We shall always .know where to find you when you're wanted, shan't we. John! Good bye >" " Wanted," growled Mr. Rutherford; as the jeweller tripped downBtaira. "Oh, that's what it comes to after all," is it? You're hand and glove with the Perleece, are yer?" Ignorant of the offence he had thus given, Mr. Signet hurried to Paulet- street, where he found Mr. Brail awaiting him. " You have news," said that gentleman, perceiving a look of triumph in his employer's face. " Not exactly news, but I think I have done a good stroke of work this morning. Jl've got Rutherford's evidence in black and "white, and here it is." ' " And in your handwriting, too," observed Dir. Brail drily. " That will be of interest to your friends, no doubt, sir; but it will not increase the value of the document in the eyes of & jury." " Well, the man'couldn't write, you see," said Mr. Signet, a good deal taken back by this remark; " and then I took care to get a witness." \- "So I see; John Jones, messeqger, Rose court, Oxford-street-um! Well, I don't know the gentleman by name, but I seem to xnow his handwriting. Where' did you pick Urn up?" "In Hybla-mewB ; a perfect stranger, and therefore an independent witness, 1 con clude." " Not so very independent, Mr. Signet, i "He's one of the two watchers as I set myself1 to look after the cabman." " Bless my soul!" said Mr. Signet. V Well, I jjid tell you, leave everything in! my hands, sir," continued Mr. Brail, severely; i " when you employ a detective it's better to. do that than to meddle with a matter your-' . self. Amateurs is more barm than good, you may rely on'fc-Now listen to me, for I've got * a /act for you-a fact worth twenty washing books full of noughts and crosses. A young woman has just been here with a communi-: cation." * "A young woman! You mean Miss Thur- . low, I suppose?" i "No, I don't; she was quite another aortl of young woman-one as knows what's what^' I guess, and the price of it I only caught: a glimpse of her through the shop-door, just1 now, but Fd seen her once before to-day-as Ipassed through the hall in Moor-street.: one was mtifflea up, and wore a thick veil, when she asked your shopman if Mr. Signet ^as in; but I don't forget faces in a hurry.' 801 lost stepped out-as a friend of the firm maitL"^ business. She's Lady Pargiter's " And what was her business ?" , You re to hear that to-morrow. But I ?found out tnifl much, that" she hates her XDi&ti6;&8 likothe devil, and bopfeot & srnidgei agwnsit her, with the means of paying heii out. Sne gave me to understand'she only dealt with pnncipsds-which means a lot of money." i . What does that matter ?" exolaimed Mr. ^Signetimpatiently. "Doypa thinir she known , anything?" < ' " rP. todined to think you'ni Tight after alL Its Lady Pargiter as is at .' thfef bottom of this business, and her maid ' -biwvtoit.* "I.said bo,.I was sure of it," exclaimed Mrj .SigM excitedly. " But why did you let her .gottvtay?' < ? . - i Because she,.said she had no time ti mare, iind hfer absence would etcite susf inckMJL To-teorrovr's herSunday out. She's got the kef tf-the whole myBttiy, and4 yon 0Uktojr Tf^rd^ihe nill come beta to 