.OMfAOfirt-virilji ;*.?? ;io r,-. :? ?;<-:?:,??? ?f rfgiSOf.. jRiUfllUtOU glflttS. iifft-n —".-i "!" ' ——~ oft I i?t /RTOKIMY. MAX 22,, 1881). ' } ""r h Pot Another Five Years" JS fiM>J i <i i }"Xtt ! "y , 'wi^er ! i t!ian tbenino goftd - men Whij'prbaido over tlio municipal ?Ttfd6tinr6W i of ibis town is to ! oc'cnpyj nn 4o t! wliich'wo- do not ?yvisli to "put lit tx claim; but regarding-aldermen " as caretakrrs of tho public interests; wfe "C'have a fow botes and queries for thorn ? ifbich eomo of our rradns may feel an '' fntorest in. 'J ho a dnrmon have decided 1" to' 1 lay i tlio ghost of the Nuisances *; Prevent on Act for unothcr fivo years, Vbr petitioning tho Colonial' Secretary ;tb ''"BUBpcnd' Hb pperatiens for that period. '"'This, with tho two yeurs already expir '" ing, Swill trinke srven out ef the fifty '"'-.?which frilist elapse, occerding to one ''j'tforisi?lent hattr pf tho Act, befpio it be necessary in Singleten. An above, we aro not going into ??'competition with tho aldermen for tlie wisdom 5 wo can only admire 8?ltie l 'donsi?tehcy with which ArnVrmnp /'jAnriiN follows up his prophetic thcpry, ?' und'the sagacity which enables him te 55\. loolf-fifty years inte futurity is a-fit 'iOf wonder, for it passes all +'i understanding. By the end 1 of tho five we suspect tho Council with bo ?>' half-way through its codo of by-law?, "3 the completion of which will probably M?be l 6no of tho important ovont? of the century. Then, too, nn officer cMchiTrgod with tbo inspection nnd romovnl -yiof< nuisoncc? will bo advertised for with W'inore br,less'hope of getting somo ono frii'WhoHO nose, like fcjir John KoiieutsokV, li' 'will 1(0 proof nguinM all otVeti?ive odours. iii h. Two years age wo wero (eld that the f - !, by-laWB which wore about to bo made i**i'then, aB tbey weio any tune during the *' 3preceding three years, nould.be Bufii f't dent' to deal with and remove' all o't?>nuisances. But what do wo find? s/iWhy this—that tho town is not only ii ;?till without by-laws, but without un '" &:< ! inspoctor of nuisance) too. Tbo ovor \- novcr- ending comedy of by v'julaw .making is'at present flourishing fjsf toitli'ifoiiowcd \igour, but whether tlie c?- ? strain will bo long-Misliiined withput vi the inevitable period of cossation from f.. nuch nrduoiiH Inborn s, rcmaiup to Lb a ' 'ebon,. Tho delay lo.iU l as though tlitjru. t>-\ were somo in?iirnioniitnblu difficulty ;in b "'the way, nnd itiwas to romovo some i! (''such obstruction jours ago that ono'c-f -vi -the i aldermen look tho action which Tol resulted in the much-abused Nuisances fiii Prevention Act being brought into . ti-*fordo. But it Hoemcd good to the i * 'majority to lay it on the shelf for a ?i.'i iterm, and there the present councillors ,i i "mil hnve it kept. -v'< ' To bow to the will of the majority! is ,Mfono of the first lessons tn bo learnt in r . free countries, though it is sometimes TA.nneoc?sarily dono with very bad grace. <;-i it .has to bo dono for all that. It .an ia-a very different thing,:however, to li v have to Hubmit to tho deprivation of ?Tsroffcetivo means of presorving health and Jin comfort and cleanliness simply been ti bo (?,',.i tlie majority is careless of thctie things. fi J Wo havo been long enough subjected th ?'to tho dangers oiiaing frpni tho neglect fil' of aldermanio duties in tho matter ef %' ! making by-lawn, and wo prptest against p a further ignpruig of them. Tp give -? l mnnioipol councils tho privilego of ,- -" making by-laws at nil sceins tp us to be ji'ij a grievous mistake. It is a privilege if. "which ecarcely ono council in ten knows bhi' how to übo aright. Year after year tbo In 'farce of appointing a by luwa committee £>.'';- is gono through, and ut the end either vj! -silo by-lows are made, as in tho case of {*? U Singleton, or utterly useless ones are frill looncoutcd. Tbo Nuisances Prevention ,nn,(Act'indicates, with all tho forco. of jii authority, how by-laws I>> .relating to sanitation Bhould. bo made, iiiV.aldermnDic wisdom ca?ts aside . this holp end prefers to grope along in the e>*Hlark in its own benighted way. is,,, wo. tnko it, scarcely a stronger argument in favor of such an .iAct:UB tho aboyo than that afforded by f f iH tlie ?poctndo of tho S;ng!oton Council, f\ i which for fivo or, more yoara has beon i. f| pretending to make by-laws, and is at {* l : tbo present momont perhaps ob, far off (l ' [ framing an efficient and satisfactory li l code) or'nny codo nt all, oh evor. Mean-, <1 '? while huisancC? may live nnd flourish, '' ' sh'd the" ratopayere and their children J, l( inoy die of pestilence. Will anything in o acknowledgment of the importance of tt ' sanitation 'ever bo dono on behalf of 'JJ '' B|uglotoh ? Or nro we to bo poisoned ?j, [( for tho eakn of keeping a few pounds in j . tho pockets of those who care not that i 1 ?> their. nolghbour? die so loug lis couipul i\ ' pory cleanliness can be prevented? £ | J ( Wo havo no hesitation in saying that, it .unless the present Council.frames a £ > oati?fiictory cudo of by- laws before tho j| approach of next bummor, tho wholb of t! t , tbo aldermen who voUvl for. tlio suspon ti , Bionpf tho operation cf It-h-p- uisancqs ?"' l ProTcnlion Act fpr n furthei' period of *' 'fivo years will descivo to bo publicly V ' iinpoachod as persous utterly unworthy 'to have tho lifo and death of the towns -0 .people in their lmndn, and nltogotlior. ft ' iiiteiisible to tho reaponsibilt'.ies that , rest upon them. Was the-excessive 4 'mortality of lubt summer not ouough to people~~Mie oppone/itH vt tno ndvocatch of a Nuisances Prevention Act? Lot the Registrar's statistics, answer tho question. 