GENERAL NEWS. Coaching.—-It will be seen by our advertise- ment columns that Mr. R. Pope commences to run his passenger conveyance between Mount Barker and Adelaide on the 30th inst. For the present he intends to run only twice a week, but as he has arranged his time table so as to give his passengers more time in Adelaide than they have under present arrangements no doubt he will book quite as many as he can convey. The Chops.—The close muggy weather which we are experiencing and which is supposed to be the forerunner of the dreaded red rust has frightened Wapstraw — so much so that the mowers are kept constantly at work in this dis- trict, and there will be very little of this year's crop left for wheat. Many crops which look most promising for a good yield of the golden grain if left to ripen are being cut for hay, and this together with the abundance of grass that there is everywhere in the district has been the means of bringing the price of chaff down very low; as little as £3 15s. being asked for good chaff delivered. Agricultural Society — A Meeting of the Mount Barker A. H. & F. Society is called for Tuesday next, to receive the Financial Report, and for the transaction of other business. The importance of this Society to the District cannot be over estimated, and it behoves everyone who has an interest, however small, in Mount Barker, to assist the Committee in their endeavors to make the next -Show a -greater success -than any previous one that has been held. Although, perhaps, this is not the best time to bring the matter forward we cannot help thinking that the Committee would find it an advantage to give Medals and Certificates of Merit for Stud Stock, and some other exhibits for which they now give money prizes. We hope there will be a large attendance on Tuesday evening at the meeting. Oddfellows' Picnic.—The Britannia Lodge, I.O.O.F., MU, is to celebrate its Anniversary at Mount Barker, on Thursday next, the 25th inst., with the usual Dinner, Picnic, and Sports. The Prizes for the various events are well worth com- peting for, and should draw numerous entries. A Brass Band from Adelaide has been engaged for the occasion, members of our local Band un- fortunately having other engagements for that day. Mount Barker Police Court.—There was not a very heavy calendar this month, and the cases were mostly of an unimportant character; but we are sorry to see that Little Hampton has again been made the scene of riotous behaviour on the part of some of our larrikins. We are surprised the inhabitants of Little Hampton do not ask for police protection for a time at any rate, until the blackguards who now infest their usually quiet neighborhood are dispersed. It is impossible for the Mount Barker police to be constantly on the spot, and unless they are, a con- viction is very difficult. Coach Mishap.— On Tuesday last, the Mount Barker Afternoon Coach met with an accident between Glen Osmond and the Fountain Inn. The horses shied and ran into a wagon, breaking the pole of the coach, and throwing the driver W. Girdlestone off his seat shaking him a good deal and laying him up for a few days; but he is. nearly well again, now. The horses bolted with the pole, and knocked themselves about consider- ably before they were captured. The Angas Mill, Strathalbyn.—Th is old established mill, after an idleness of some years, is again to be started, a company having been successfully formed, and the mill being already let to Mr. Johnston, a well-known miller. On Saturday last a meeting of shareholders was held in: the mill, Mr.. David Bell in the chair, when Mr. J. H. Gordon, the most instrumental pro- moter of the scheme, laid before the .shareholders full particulars and an offer to rent the mill, the latter being unanimously accepted. Those pre- sent were all sanguine as to future prospects, and it is to be hoped that, the move will be crowned with success. Rumoured Betrothal of a Legal Digni- tary.—It is currently rumoured in Adelaide that the. " chief " occupant of the Bench in this city, who comes of a much-married family, is about to wed a young lady of high degree somewhere in the vicinity of Marble Hill. The Elections.— Writing with respect to forthcoming events the Yorke's Peninsula Adver- tiser says;—"little birds are whispering lots of little, notes among the little trees to the little leaves, and this is a little of what they say:— That a constituency in which our readers may possibly find some interest' will require two new members, an old and well-trusted friend, won derfully well thought of .at Kadina, and who has indeed, been an excellent member, being much courted by a constituency adjacent to Onkapa- ringa. It is also said that the Hon. W. H. Bundey is contemplating a visit to Europe; and ditto Mr. Magarey, and that Mr. Burnley's defec- tion and the withdrawal of Mr. Mann will give the signal which Mr. Morgan yearns for, when he may throw off the trammels of office. There is likely to be a keen contest for Gumeracha, Ba- rossa, West Adelaide, and other electorates. Stanley is on the outlook for two good men; and it is whispered this remark also applies to the Burra." We are not sure that the whisperings' .of the little birds on the Peninsula are to be received in all cases as facts, but we are in a position to state that Dr. Deane has had many overtures made to him by influential residents in the District of Onkaparinga,"and'should either of the present members retire he will. in all proba- bility place himself at their disposal. The Bistrifit of Onkaparinga has, ever since the abolition of the Nominee system and the establishment of responsible government, always been fortunate in being represented by intelligent and highminded politicians,—take for instance such names as Hon. John Baker, W. Milne, Messrs. Townsend, Playford, Krichauff, and last, but not the least, the Hon. W- H.. Bundey,* Attorney. General, to whom the electors of Onkaparinga will ever be under an obligation for the untiring zeal and perseverance displayed in bis endeavour to secure a meed of fairplay to the bill districts, by giving them railway communication with the city and seaboard, in_ spite of the strenuous and selfish opposition of some of the northern members. Macclesfield Institute.—Out of five tenders received for the erection of the Macclesfield Institute, that of Mr. B,. C. Trenouth of Strath- albyn, at £580 was accepted. No time has been lost in proceeding with the work. The contract was signed on Tuesday, and on Wednesday morning, active preparations were made for getting in the foundations. Mr. Trenouth was the contractor for the Mount Barker and Strath- albyn Institutes, and inasmuch as those large buildings were finished to the satisfaction of the respective committees, the folks at Macclesfield are to be congratulated on securing such a man as Mr. Trenouth to undertake the work at what we understand the Committee consider a very reasonable figure. The building—the main hall of which will be 50 ft. x 30 ft., exclusive of the : stage, is to be completed in four months from the date of signing the contract. "He Said Damme!"—Amusing episodes in our Supreme Court proceedings are few and far between. As . a rule, the dignity of the bench and the bar is of too ponderous a nature to admit of much unbending or of any indulgence in playful badinage. There occasionally happen, however, some very striking exceptions to this rule. On Tuesday last, Mr. S————, in the course of his i examination of a witness at the Civil Sittings, put | the question—" Did not Jones'say that my client was a d. fool ? " The witness did not seem to comprehend the meaning of the cabalistic letter, and the presiding judge in evident disgust at the I suppression of the word, said in a tone of mild | irony, " Mr. S , I think it would be j better to lisp tbe word as you only know bow." Mr. S bung his bead blushingly, and timidly replied that he could not do so naughty a thing. His Honor with a smile encouraged him to make an effort. The. learned counsel then plucked up heart, and cocking his eye-glass, with an air of determination he turned to the witness and said firm]y, "Now, sir, did not Jones say in plain English that my client was a damned fool ?" Thewitness, who apparently observed tbe refreshed look of His Honor at tbe sound of tbe familiar | word, put his bead on one side, magpie-fashion, and drawled out the answer, " I'm damned if be j did! " As may be imagined, this was too much j for the gravity of the Court, and it was sometime before the laughter subsided. It need scarcely be remarked that the learned counsel referred to is j noted for the completeness of his swearing vocab ulary, and the neat way in which he interlardB i his general conversation with double-d.'s, but on | this occasion he was manifestly overcome with a sudden gust of in-born politeness. Ministerial Changes.—It is on the cards that the Hon. T. King, Minister of Education, intends to go home very soon for a year's holiday, and that Judge Gwynne is beginning to relent and will not put the Treasurer (the Hon. C. Mann) to the expense of an election, but retire gracefully at the end of the legal year, and let the genial Q. C. step into the shoes of the present Crown Solicitor, whose seat on the bench the j Primary Judge has been keeping warm for a long time past. These changes will of course mate- rially alter the personnel of the ministry, but whoever may succeed to the lucrative and hono- rable posts of Treasurer and "Minister of Educa- tion, there is one thing pretty certain, that the ministry will still be the Morgan ministry when Parliament meets. How long it will last depends on the calibre of the new members by whose in troduction it will be re-constructed. Strathalbvn Catholic Church. — There , was a large gathering of Catholics on Sunday last, at the new Church, at Strathalbyn, persons at- tending from Belvidere, Langhorne's Creek, and even from Milang. The Clerk of the Assembly. — There is some talk about Mr. Beresford, the veteran clerk of the House of Assembly, resigning his position. He is a hard- worked official and much underpaid. The clerk of the Legislative Council gets the same salary and does one half the work Mr. Beresford , has to perform. The Assembly saw this and passed a bill to increase the salary of their clerk, but the Council with a strange discrimination of justice, threw it out. The Speakership.—There bids fair to be a I tegular scrimmage for the Speakership in the next Parliament. Mr. r. D-. Ross, the Hon. Lavington Clyde, and Mr. William Townsend, the facetious Chairman of Committees, are the candidates spoken of in the city, and their respec- tive chances of success may be taken as indicated by the order in which they are named. There can be no .doubt that Mr. Ross is eminently quali- fied for the position, and would be more popular and dignified a speaker than Mr. Clyde, able as the' latter gentleman unquestionably is. Mr. Ross, we believe, has the influential support of the Adelaide Club, and every effort will be made to secure his election. As for the irrepressible William, the general opinion is that he hasn't the ghost of a chance, hut he doesn't think so, and in hopeful convivial moments he freely wagers a " new hat" that he. will go in flying. It would ] be worth while to be in the hat line about the time the new Parliament meets! At all events, his hatter is likely enough to have a high old j time of it. The Joys of Doing Circuit.—Sometimes it must be a' delightful thing for a judge and his satellites to go on Circuit. Not long ago, one of the stern be- wigged gentlemen of the Ermine, in company of a certain blond-moustached associate, " accidentally " halted at a wayside liostelrie, dis tinguished for the surpassing beauty of-the land- j lord's daughter. Under ordinary circumstances, they would have spied through the bottoms of | their beer tumblers in a couple of minutes. This i time, however, it took them two mortal hours to " smile." On their leaving,, with reluctant steps, one of them was heard to say, "By George! there's heaven in her eyes! " The other seemed I to be still "more deeply impressed; all he could do J was tojdraw a long heavy sigh. Baptist Church—We are requested to call attention to an announcement in our advertising columns of a Sermon to be preached on Sunday next, by the Rev. W. Dinnis. Past and Present Systems of Ebucation. — Under the preseut -regime, if a teacher gives an' impertinent lad a boxon 'the ear, it is enough to cause-Ms dismissaL/: Mr. Watkin Williams, M.P: . speaking at Bangor, stated^-tbat he had recently. come across the history of a Jacob Haaberle, A very successful schoolmaster/who had left on recofd, ias his great-boast, a list of the punish ments inflicted by him at the .School under his charge. The following is a copy-of this extraor dinary list of corporal punishments inflicted: 911,527 strokes of the cane. 124,000; strokes with the birch rod. 20,989,vblowB with a ruler. 10,235 boxes on the ear. 7,905 tugs of the hair. 1,115,800 blowB with the knuckles on the head; 22,763 impositions, chiefly, out. of the. Scriptures. . c:. ..10 » 1,707 children threatened with the rod: 777 made to kneel on hard peas. ■ 631 upon sharp'edgfed pieces of wood. 5,001 to ride upon the wooden horse. There is a list for the study of the ,■ larrikin portion of young Australia: .It is strongly recom^ mended to the attention of the littleHampton youths. The 22,763 impositions chiefly out of the Scriptures is an improvement on Bible reading in'Schools. The Oidest Man in the World.—Every body hiust concede that Mr. Simeon Hare, M.P., is—according to his .own.' showing—remarkable"' for his longevity if for nothing else. He has. publicly spoken of personal recollection of stirring events in the United States over 120 years ago, but. Ms .memory gods much further back than that. At the. lowest computatation he must have been born 300 yeats ago, arid yet he is wonderfully hale and hearty, able to'smoke hid cigars at any hour, or indulge in tall talk by the yard. Such a man ought-to be cherished by us and seeing that -in addition to his marv£llou& tenacity of life be has the courage to advocate very sensible opinions at times. It is to.be hoped he will re-consider his determination to withdraw: from the Political arena. Not to flatter, him too mueh he is better than the average lot of repre- sentatives who have vegetated in the last Parlia- ment, and the colony can ill spare even Mr. Hare. 