ALES, ETC. EVELEEN REDGBEAVE ; OB, THE BABRINGTONS OF BKABAZON HALL BY E. L. A. BEBWICK. CHAPTER XX. WHEN Miss Hetherington and I met in jio d^wing-room after dinner, she appeared to have lost all recollection of our morning's tonfidmtial conversation; nor did I by „ ora or look remind her of it. I quietly -treated to the window, while Bhe became (be centre of a oircle, and received the homase of admiration, which was as freely avrarded her as if it were her right. I could hear that one or two of the younger visitors talked to her of the young ear), and good naturedly insinuated into her willing mind the complimentary reproach, that she "engrossed him altogether." PerhapB she thought so herself ; for ber laugh was joyous, and her look towards me almost triumphant. After some time she approached me unawares, and, laying her hand familiarly on my •boulder, abruptly asked— " Of what are you thinking, Eveleen ?" "Nothing." " Perhaps I should have asked of whom," the again said. " It would be equally useless,'' I answered. 1 1 1 meant literally what I said; or, if I must correct myself, I think I was wondering in my own mind where those swallows, which are now Bkimming before the windows, will find a winter home, and how long it will tike them to reach it." "Is your friend the colonel, then, an ornithologist ?" she demanded, laughing. "Iam not in the secret of his tastes," I replied; " but why do you ask ?" "Ishe rich?" " Even that I am ignorant of." " He is a handsome fellow enough," Bhe went on; "a little passe, but well prejerved." "He is a very aggreeable companion," I said, "and makes a much pleasanter associate than many a younger man." " Ay, a grey head and a green heart— enow on the surface, and a volcano slumbering within; it is a mixture that might be made tolerable. Try it, Eveleen, I advise yon! Love seems pretty well fledged in his bosom, and evidently only waits for an raoouraging smile or two from you to find its way to yours." "Ton are altogether deceived in your •opposition," Ireturned,coolly; "hadColonel O'Reilly found himself by your side, or by that of fat Mrs. Macnamara yonder he would have played exactly the same rile as that with which he favoured me; what he requires is a good listener, and not an ardent limirer." "You seem to have studied him accurately," she retorted, jestingly. "Accurately! no," I replied; "I could not Bhut my e rs, and the inferences I draw are the very obvious consequences of -the language I have listened to—no more; it is' quite possible, however, that my deductions may be as often wrong as right." "Well, I can draw deductions, too," she returned, " and mine on the present occasion are somewhat different from yours. But here come the gentlemen, and we shall see further." She turned away as she spoke, and in five minutes more was listening, with great apparent attention, to the fluent colonel himself. " Come hither, Eveleen!" she cried, oeckoning to me. " We have a seat at your service, and Colonel O'Reilly's conversation is too well worth hearing not to deserve a better auditor than I can presume to call myself." The colonel bowed low, and settled his chin in his satin stock, while I quietly took the •eat offered me, and prepared to listen. At this moment Lord Landore entered the Norn, and, after a momentary survey, Mranced towards our group: . He did not lom in conversation at. first, nor indeed, to My the truth, was that well possible; for the Mionel was fond of monologue, and'when he commenced his performance it was by no means easy to interrupt him.'", As what he WW he said weU, Ko^eyer, 'tlHere was the 'ess temptation to id&rfere; tfitVhis flights, !VfD t.rt nnaaKAn A 1 -' 1 - J.-.IL'J .'f gQ|J|g« struck , „f thoS6 rumteuri who gild; antf wmld their good ™ngsBO often, that 'trifles mount into magni »?ence under the light pf tidr imaginations, •I,.??,. 11 80 V r Fact Herself .guts on somewnu the air of a'dramatteromance; still, of applau9e hinL r !if Uttlly ® Te > -pie Bemi-apathefic earl ,ra a . stirred into .'something like attention. At fa be listened languidly, 1b . i ; x P e occasion on wnioh clni tlu8 decide dlj^v^as when the jgm?Jf AS Wf&&ws; Mnce8 of "at superb Moorish relio, tKe Alhambri. ' ot tuT Spanish travels he, had- spent a day W lL P \- Ce ' ^d drpilf atUtsfeuntainsfiL . fte;Hall of the oi the materials impplied lam hy his guide. But Lord Landore, after listening to his spirited narrative for some time, first corrected.-him as to a matter of fact (with great courtesy, however), and then, when his assertions were disputed, gave his reasons for holding, them. Still the colonel was unconvinced. " Jour lordship gpenks on the authority of others," he said, laconically; " and books of travels are not olw&ys; to be trusted,X assure you. Now, I speak from personal observation—" " And so do I," quietly interrupted the earl " Oh! you have seen the Alhambra, then P" demanded the colonel, a little posed. " I have," replied Lord Landore; • " I spent six very happy weeks of my life there with old Gomez the intendant, the year before last,, and I often regret that I ever left the society of so pleasant a fellow, and so excellent a cook. Give Gomez a few ounces of meat, half a dozen of eggs, a little spice, and a bundle of sweet herbs, and you need never be without your three courses on your table every day of your life ; while as to his method of frothing a cup of choclate, it beat Banaher, and every one knows that Banaher beats the world—at least I have heard so frequently since I came to Ireland." "Six weeks in the Alhambra ! I suppose you were very much awed, and not a little frightened, when you slept there first P" said Mias Hetherington. "No, not at first, although afterwards, as if to punish me for my presumption, I had. ample cause to shake in my shoes, I assure you," replied the earl, gravely. " What! you saw a prooesBion of the phantom Abencerrages, I suppose ?'' " Nut exactly that—but I caught a ghost!" was the earl's reply. "In a trap, too, I hope?" rejoined the colonel, who was by no means pleased to see a new caudidate for the honours of declamation start up so quietly, and take the lead of him. " Just so—in a trap, as you say," answered Lord Landore, as gravity as before. "Youjest!" exclaimed Miss Hetherington. " If you wish, I will relate my adventure, and then you may judge whether it would be possible for me to jeBt . n so serious a subject," he answered. "Let us hear it, by nil means," she said. "Old Gomez," he began, "had a sister, still older than himself, who lived with him, and who was a checrful little old crone enough while she continued well, and was able to run about; but she fell ill, and was just beginning to crawl about a?ain when I took up my quarters with her brother. Her principal nurse and attendant was her daughter Mariana, who had been brought home from a situatu u in Grenada, where she was a worker in gold fringe, to attend upon her mother; and her dearest friend was a certain Lenora Brannlietta Caproli, who kept a wine-store in the town of the fortress, and was considered to be both wealthy and charitable, and who, moreover, rejoiced in the possession of an only son. This son, whose name was Pedrillo, was not above five feet two or three inches in height, and save that he squinted deplorably, and was sadly bowed in the lower extremities, was a smart, dapper little personage enough. His qualities were all excellent, and his taste was unexceptionable, for he fell deeply in love with the pretty Mariana at first sight; and I was the last to wonder at his doing so, for I had a vast deal of trouble to preveut myself from doing the Belfsame thing. However, I conquered my incipient propensities; but he poor fellow was not so fortunate. To be sure, our positions were different, for he wanted a wife and I did Dot; so that, while I only aspired to become Mariana's compaction for an evening stroll, he was ambitious enough to desire to become her partner for life. " I saw from the first, that Pedrillo was as distasteful to Mariana as he was welcome to her mother and uncle; who overwhelmed her and themselves with congratulations on her important conquest, and privately commanded her to make the most of it while she could. In fact, her energetic admirer left her little time for deliberation, as he was constantly at her side ; and, if delicatelyflavoured wine could have won her heart, it must have been his, so, incessant, were. • the offerings of it which he made at her shrine. But it failed to propitiate her—failed utterly; although her uncle, who drank of it liberally became still more the~friend of its generous giver, and lectured her daily, on her good fortune, and on the : necessity of taking advantage of it without loss of time. ' You will live in paradise,' :he said, with such a husband and such a. wine-cellar at your command.' But the. lecturer and the winegiver both failed—I saw that. ' "I could not, with all my efforts (and I assure you I went very brtistisally to work,) gain her oonfidencB, or tempt her to' tell me the truth. She blushed, and sighed, and wept when I questioned her; but although she lost her Bpirits, her fleBh, and her colour, her seoret, if she had one, remained hermetically sealed within her own lips—and exquisitely pretty lips they were, too. She feared her mother's tongue and her uncles temper; but.why.shoul^ ahe fear me seemed incomprehensible. ,, Doubtless, ~I gaveher some good though unpalatable advice in: tlie first instance—told her. that-a little ^husband was tetter than none^thatj aaMobre sung of himself— • • ,r » *< •.•wj'"-;: <.V «.>.«<.• • of himself- ' Althouglf.l'ih mhoSyjjam < In soul'I am forty'feet high,' might be as applicable to a: Spanish publican as:,to-, an Irish _pQet-7-and, rfinaUy, that as marriage was only a. lottery at the best, it might be as well- for. her, like Mrs. Malaprop, ' to. begin with, a,little aversion;' since the reaotiun, if ever.it came, would be,ten -times xriore agreeable than if'she opened' the drama with a violent love scene, and let the curtain drop''in the last aot with one full of evil passions and mournful results. "My good oounsel, however, was thrown away upon her, and only made her retreat into herself, like one of the flowers in her own garden which folded up its petals when the evening air touched them". She looked upon me as being in her uncle's interests, and therefore not in hers; and seemed to think that, because my sympathies were not altogether and unconditionally on her side, they could not be worth engaging at all. . "Things went on in 'this way for some time—the devoted lovet becoming every day more profuse in his presents and pressing in his suit, and the object of his adoration losing her appetite and shrinking into the Bhadow of what ehe had been when I first saw her. At last a buzz—a rumour—a mysterious whisper, began to be heard—(although it was uncertain, shadowy, and uncertified in the beginning), that strange and unwonted noises had been heard in the more distant and desolate chambers of the old palace; and, still more awful, that a strange Moorish figure, armed cap-a-pie; Had been seen walking by moonlight among the rose border?, hanging over the waters of dilapidated fountains, and stalking with noiseless solemnity through the Hall cf the Lions, and up the forlorn-looking stairoase that led to the faded apartments which had so often witnessed the revels of Moorish kings and Spanish princes, but which were now as silent and gloomy as the grave. Gomez, the custodier, laughed at these idle fancies ; he had kept watch and ward in the fortress for thirty years, and he fearlessly averred that anything worse or more unearthly than himself had never been seen in it during all that time. His sister was equally incredulous, but Mariana was by no means so sceptical. A young girl, Janetta, who was a sort of maid-of-all-work, and who was full of life, spirits, and coquetry, was the first, it seemed, who had seen the spectre, and spread the report; and I observed with some curiosity, that although both she and Mariana professed great horror at the idea of meeting the ghost, still that their apprehensions did not prevent them from wandering about the haunted places as fearlessly as ever. " Matters, at length, assumed a very seriouB and alarming aspect indeed; one evening, Pedrillo, the lover, who had arrived later than usual, and had been sent by Gomez to hunt for Mariana in the gardens, suddenly tottered into our presence covered with blood, and as pale as a sheet. In a moment everyone was in the utmost consternation ; his mother, who was sipping her chocolate, let the cup fall, and rushed to support him; Gomez started up and seized his musket, and his sister called to Mariana —who had just glided into the room followed by Janetta—to bring with her a oup of wine, lest she should die of the fright. To my credit be it spoken, I was the most composed of the group ; I asked the wounded man where he was hurt, and then questioned him as to the cause:— " 'I—I cannot speak yet, senor; wine— more wine!' was all that he could murmur for some time. "' I m sure it was the ghost—it must have been the ghost!' exclaimed Janetta, as she hastened to the sufferer with a cup of his own Malaga; although, as she did so, I saw, or thought I saw, a questionable sort of smile on her lip. " Pedrillo's account of the horrible encounter confirmed her assertion. IT WAS THE GHOST ! He had proceeded in his search after Mariana, and had suffered a violent assault for his pains; he had gone into the gardens, and then along the corridor or gallery that led to the Hall of the AbencerrageB, fancying that he caught a glimpse of her white drapery in the distance; but no— a more unearthly visitant awaited him! The figure of a full-sized Moor, dressed in flowing garments and with a turban on his head, had suddenly started up before him; and without saying a word had struck him to the earth with a baton or sword, he was not sure whioh. The blow was not violent enough to do more than stun him for a moment; but, when he recovered his senses, the Moorish phantom had vanished, and he had made the best of his way into lamp-light and living company again. "All this was very astounding, and produced a terrible sensation. Bedrillo's wound was dressed, and he and his mother were escorted home by Gomez himtalf, armed with a trabuoo charged to the muzzle; while his invalid sister retreated to her couoh, altogether overcome by the horrors of the night. As to myself, I had never seen a ghost except on the stage; and, as I ardentlylonged for a conference with one, I was loath to lose the opportunity whioh so seasonably presented itself. When the coast became dear, therefore, Ibracedupmyneires, screwed my courage to the sticking-plaoe, and proceeded to the scene of danger—" " What! without a weapon ?" ejaculated Miss Hetherington. "Oh! no!" answered the earl; "I armed myself to the teeth with a black-thorn stick—" "Did yon meet the Moor?" "Do me the honour to attend, and you shall learn," was his answer. "It was a calm, beautiful moonlight night; I walked' first into one hall then into another. There was nothing'to be seien, nothing' to be heud, ave a nightingale who was endeavouring musically to explain to a whole bed of, rosea how much he loved them all; and, after a considerable circuit, I was:-beginning, 'to' think that the ghost, frightened at' : ite own iBdeeda, had quietly retreafted io the shades airain, -when lo! "'in' the 1 dSstanVse- nstanding" ust isitmight be'there ^atei^the ahadowof 1 heourtain f ^ on iJieflBfl^^1i c - ^ 1 ; '•• "You saw it P" - ' 7 *" v J "I did more," pursned his lordship; "it was not so unsocial a spirit as most of itsolass are said to be. There were thru of them this time." "Heavens!" " On they came—slowly, of course; fen eypn Hamlet's father takes his own tone to lead his, son from one en^ of the ramparts to tie other; and I had therefore ample time to ensconse myself in a nook and watch the' issue." " With a-beating heart?" suggested'Miss' Hetherington. " Yes, my heart beat, assuredly," said the' narrator, gloomily; ." although, as my attention was otherwise engaged, I did not pay any particular attention to the physio-, logical fact. On they came, as I before observed, and, when they had passed me, I followed them with a stealthy and cautious foot." " Did they speak to each other in Moorish ?" asked the heiress. " No, only in'whispers," was the answer; "but the language'WAS pure Castilian." " And what did they say ?" " A great deal which it would not become, me to repeat," said his lordxhip. " At last,. after a short conference, tbey divided ; two of them glided back towards tbe inhabited' portion of the pile, while the real original spirit, as I took him to be, retreated deeper and deeper among the ruins. Keeping my-' eye steadily on the Moor's retreating figure (for he was the Moor), I followed him, came up with him, clutched at his shoulder, and then •" " What then ? Pray, go on—pray proceed ! Was he alive?" " Attend to me and you shall hear. At first he raised his wand, and eeemed disposed to treat me as he had recently treated Mariana's lover, but I managed to convince him that my wand was as potent as his own; and upon discovering this fully, he threw himself on my mercy, and promised to reveal to me all the secrets of his prison-house, if I gave him my honour as a gentleman not to repeat them. In fact, we became remarkably good friends, and ended the adventure by drinking a flask of wine together." "Thenhe was no ghost, after all?" "You shall hear that, too," observed the earl. " The next morning I demanded an audience of Mariana, who, whatever I said to her, acknowledged that I was right, although she was sadly puzzled and confused at my questions. " ' You detest Pedrillo ?' I said to her. " She blushed, and.after a pause answered, ' Yes.' " ' And you ltfva Antonio Murillo, the enameller,' I went on, ' who boasts that the blood of the great Murillo runs in his veins, and who loves you as well as you love him?" " She gazed at me as if I were a conjurer, and then became a great deal paler than the phantom I had encountered the night before. " ' The difference between the two men is just this,' I went on in my fatherly way; ' Pedrillo is rich, and Antonio is poor; Pedrillo is aj miserable creature, without a decent point about him; while Antonio, saving his poverty, is an industrious, honourable man, whose good looks are his least recommendation even to the woman he loves, and who loves him. Am I not right ?" " She blushed this time and wept a little, but still she answered ' Yes,' as before. " All that Antonio wants,' I oontinued, 'is a fair start in the world, and a little assistance to procure it for him; he will not oontinue a Moorish ghost if he can beoome a thriving enameller, and I, for one, fancy that even so difficult a matter can be arranged.' " ' You are very good, senor,' she answered* but my mother—my uncle—' " ' Leave them to me,' said I, ' and, if I conquer them, I will ask only a single sa ute for my pains when you leave the altar as a happy bride on your wedding-day.' ' The bargain was struck, and I proceeded at once in search of Gomez, whom I found,-, as I expected, a reasonable man. It ia a remarkable faot, that from that day forth the Moorish ghoBt never was seen in the Alhambra again, nor Pedrillo, the wine-seller, either; while, after a month's delay, I attended Mariana to the altar, and was duly ' and honourably satisfied in my debt. Here she is outlined by my rough pencil for' my 'gallery of beauties;' and I think you will acknowledge that, if she is not a happy wife, at least she deserves to be so, if beauty and innocence can insure it to her." As he spoke, he took from his pooket a small note-book bound in morocco, and turning over the leaves, selected one and handed it to Miss Hetherington. She looted at the'sketch presented' to her with great admiration, and then suddenly turnei over a leaf to look for another; instantly, however, he placedhishandon die page as an interdict, : and said-In''a hurried' tone, aad with a heightened oolour: . " Naiy, that IB notfair; Miss^Hetherington; the other sketches are.pooi',, imperfectHhinga —mere aorawls :or . outlines,; and would only disgrace me to be seen.'* - She returned lom. the'book, oddly saying, aeafadiXabr- i ."^'"I *.".., J " Of bonne, my loifd. if you have seor^ts as well as the ghoBt', iils not for ua to distort): them.".' • Ton wrong me by the supposition," war fair answer; "but'yon-like iny heroine/ X L hop®?" • • ' ••' ' Amazingly !" Bhe replied, withreoovered; goad-humour ; < j'i lier presenoe^mtuit: hav«' enlivened tbe old walls of; the Moorishrpalaop; amazingly. Do sot ^puti up: your. feasure[ againimtil.the colonel and jUQss £«dgrear&> Be^asmnohpfUafilThaye dons."'• ?. :• fTo-be'tMinwcl.) L ; - ''P 