ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. Mrs. Partington called at our office on one of.j the hottest days this week, wearinga huge sun shade and bine goggles and perspiring at every pore. She said she thought the Fire Brigade otight to be ashamed of themselves for not having "pat us out long ago," and wished the Press would take the matter up; but upon oar assurance that we knew a good many people-] who had been " put out" during the past few days, and that in fact the hotter the weather the more easily they were "put out," she left the office quite contented, and said she would go to the Bhadow of her own vine and fig-tree; that was if by the time she got back the sparrows had left her any vine and fig-tree te go to. It is not an uncommon thing to hear of the effigy of some especially notorious criminal being burnt—witness the annual auto da fe cf Guy Fawkes-but they order these matters better in Melbourne, for there, according to a telegram in last weBk's Observer, a figure of Justice was being exe cuted. It is a pity that the message did not mention the mode adopted in Melbourne of executing poor As tram. Was the goddess hanged, drawn and quartered, or condemned to walk the plank blindfolded, as it is her wont to be? Seeing, however, that the very lawmakers them selves have lost their heads in Melbourne, surely it is not to be marvelled at that Justice should be executed. " I cannot sing the old songs," plaintively warbles the sentimental young lady; but one " Novelty," writing to the Register, would fain hear a concert of these same " old songs," and suggests as particularly pleasing ancient strains that touching ballad of "Villikins and his Dinah," together with the tragic ditty of "A Frog he would," &c.; In the event of any musical enthusiasts contemplating the carrying out of the idea, here are a few choice old songs to make selections from, with suggestions at to appropriate Bingers:— "There is a Garden in her Face," by Dr. Sch*mb*rghk. " The Leather Bottle "by Hon. John C*h*n. " How stands the Glass around?" by Charles T*dd. *' There's the Maiden of bashful Fifteen," by Hon. Thomas K*ng, with accompaniment by pupil from the Advanced School for Girls. " The Vicar of Bray," by the member for East Adelaide (John Cox Br*y). " The Fine Old English Gentleman," by E. M. B*g*t. "The Saucy Arethusa," by Hon. W. H. B*nd*y. " The Boast Beef of Old England," by J. N. H*nes. " The Jovial Beggars," by Messrs. E. T. Smith and W. E. 8*mms (collectors of subscriptions for the Irish Belief Fnnd). There's many a grim joke perpetrated at meet* ings of creditors, and so strangely is human nature constituted that there are few occasions upon which a joke is more appreciated. A humorous remark is a pleasing break in the pre vailing severity, and a hearty laugh a welcome relief to the pspternaturai solemnity of the gathering. The story is told that at a recent assemblage of this kind in Adelaide, the debtor—a man who has in his time made the colony ricg with his oratory, and who by his plausible address has gained more astounding [successes in the field of credit than any half-dozen high- principled and strictly conscientious men of business—in a speech of an hour's duration dazzledhisauditors with the brilliancy of his exposition. In glow ing language he described his country estate now in danger of passing from him end his descendants, and all for the sake of a paltry four or five thousand pounds. "But," exclaimed a bewildered creditor, when he had finished, "what does this mean? We have come to get a statement of your affairs, and to learn how you propose to meet your liabilities." "Oh," said another of the creditors, a man well versed in embarrassed estates, " it's clear enough. Our friend offers us a com position of nothing in the pound, and wants a year to pay, it in." With a roar of laughter the meeting broke up, and kthe affairs of that debtor are not settled yet. Three squatters went riding out into the west, Out into the west as the sun went down; Each thought on the station that paid him the best, But their faces were darkened with many a frown For farmers must come and squatters must go. When Thomas Piayford orders it so. Three farmers went travelling to pastures new. By the Northern mail when the autumn came, They looked at the land saying, this will do, We will stop these bloated squatters' game, For the plough must come and the sheep must go, When Mister Commissioner orders so. Three husbands sat drinking colonial beer, And eagerly arguing con and pro, Why mutton and beet should be so dear, And squatters' rents so low; But the riddle remained unsolved, and they Each wearily homeward went his way. But the "people'sgrass" on the " people's land," Was all taken up by the squatters bold, And the poor were taxed on every hand, Whilst the flocks increased a thousand fold; But you never should burden the rich, they say, Whilst the poor are foolish enough to pay. Oratory is not studied and cultivated as an art as much now as in days of yore, though the practice itself is probably far more prevalent. The dictum both as regards the matter and delivery of public speeches has been attributed to the influence of the Press; but, although the Press may to some extent have taken the place of the orator as a teacher, there is no justifica tion for the slip-shoddy style of speaking em ployed by the bulk of our public men no w-a- days. Few of them trouble themselves to carefully prepare their addresses, and some who de adopt a grandiloquent air as ridiculous as it is bombastic. Not long ago, at a meeting held less than a hundred miles from Adelaide, a young ambitious orator was suddenly called upon to speak upon the rise and progress of the British Empire, or some auch subject. He rose, coughed apolo getically, and began. Like Milton, he felt unable to rise to the sublimity of his great argument, and he expressed a wish for the wings of a dove eo that he might be able to soar into the serial heights of imagination. He had reached this critical point, and the audience began to feel a little carious to learn what was coming next, when some provokingly witty clodhopper exclaimed, "It's a mercy for you that yon haven't wings, for you'd be shot for a goose." The bit was too palpable, the audience were convulsed, and the pretenrious orator col lapsed. This is a painfully practical and prosaic age. Science, abstruse enough in some respects, has a blunt, commonplace, vulgar way of substituting disgustingly simple reasons for things around which we have been wont to weave a veil of de lightful romance. Even ghosts—long held sacred in nurseries and honest households as shadowy representatives of the unseen world— are being trotted out in vulgar profusion on stage - boards and in public assembly rooms, besides being treated with a fami liarity than breeds contempt. Even the sacredness of home life is being invaded and ruthlessly interfered with by the rude hands of unpoetical inventors. We have been wont to speak of the musical rattle of the teaoups when preparations for that most sociable of domestic meals, the evening tea, are being made. We have loved to listen to the familiar cheery ring of teaspoon against saucer and cup against cup, betokening the busy movements of the active housewife, and raising up substan tial visions of the lively interchange of honsehold pleasantries and social chat around the festive board. The pretty pleasant jingle heralding the approach of neat-handed Phillis with the fragrant urn is no longer to be heard however. That merciless iconoclast, the inventor of ill-considered trifles,has applied his desolating hand to one of the sweetest chords of domestic music and snapped it. A Frenchman above all persons in the world has invented "noiseless crockery ware"—perish the thought, and the thinker! Our teatrays are to come in like a hod of mortar, solid, silent, and heavy. No merry jingle, no pleasant rattle, but a dead, monotonous silence. Vulcanized indiarubber is let in round the rims of articles of crockery, and thus is to perish all the sweetest associations connected with the social board. One by one they are slowly departing from as those bright little bits in our homes before the march of mechanical monotony. Where will it end? We can have sermons laid on to our houses from any church or chapel we choose, regulated by meter, and charged for like gas (as it often proves to be); we cau have cooking done at a general establishment; we can have everything, in fact, done or undone by mechanism, except tic doloreux and paying our tailors' bills. By and-by, our very sleep will be supplied us, at so many snores per hour. If things go on in this way, we shall have to make a desperate struggle pro aris etfocis against this all-devouring spirit of innovation. 