AN OPEN VERDICT. BY Miss M. E. BKADDOW. CHAPTER XII.-SIR .KENRICIC'B ANCEBTRAL HOUSE. Sir Kenrick Culverhouse had gone to Hamp shire to look at the old domain. He had plenty of friends in the neighbourhood of Culverhouso who would have been glad to give him hospitality, but he preferred the less luxurious accommodation of his own house, which was maintained by a couple of faithful old servants, very much in tho style of the Master of Eavenswood's immortal menage at Wolf'B Craig. The old butler was not BO amusing or BO enthusiastic as Caleb Balderstone; but he was every whit as faithful, and preferred his board wages and bacon dumplings in tho hall of the good old race to those flesh-pots of Egypt which he might perchance have found in the service of some mushroom gentleman or commercial magnate in tho neighbourhood. People had told Kenrick that he ought to let Culverhouse Castle, and that ho might add con siderably to his income by so doing. But Ken rick repudiated the idea of an income so obtained. To allow purse-proud city people to come and criti cise those old familiar rooms, and make rude remarks ujjon tho shabbiness of the furniture ; to have somo newly mado country srpuire, whose beginnings wore on tho Stock Exchange, airing i " his unaccustomed grandeur in tho rooms -where meek Lady Culverhouse had lived her tranquil, un offending life-no, Kenrick -would have starved rather than sanction such a desecration. His mother's gentle shadow still occupied the rooms she had loved. He would not have that peaceful ghost scared away by horsey young ladies or bil liard-playiDg young men. At a cost of abouts a hundred and fifty pounds a year-nearly half his small income-Kenrick con trived to have tho place kept decently ; tho gardens free from weeds and ruin ; tho roses, which had been his mother's chief delight, cared for ; the empty stables protected from the wind and rain; the houBO preserved from actual decay. And the place was ready to receive him when he was able to como home, were it but for a single night. This, in Kenrick's mind, was much. Love of his birth-place and pride of his race were the strongest points in Kenrick's character ; and Culverhouse was assuredly a homo which a man, with any sense of tho beautiful, might be pardoned for loving to enthusiasm. It had been an abbey before the dayspf the reformation, and much that belonged to those days still remained. Some portions had been converted to secular uses, other parts had been preserved in what might bo called a Btato of substantial ruin. And this mixture of ecclesiasticalruins and Tudor dwelling-house made a most picturesque and romantic whole. Tho ' massive outer wall of the cloistered quadrangle still remained ; but where tho cloisters had been was now the rose-garden-a fair expanse of velvet turf, intersected with alleys of roses. The chapel door stood in all its early English purity of line and moulding ; but the chapel had given place to a sunny inclosure, bounded by hedges of honeysuckle and sweet-brier-a garden in which old-fashioned flowers grew luxuriantly in prim box-edged beds. The house was ono of tho handsomest in the country. Much too good for a decayed race, old Sir Kenrick had always said ; but young Sir Ken7 rick held it as in no wise too good for him. He would not have sold it for half a million, had he been free to sell it. The situation was perfect. It stood in a fertile green valley, on the bank of a rivei which, insignificant elsewere, widened here to a noble reach of water, and curved itself lovingly round the velvet slopes of the lawn. A long wooden bridge spanned the river just beyond the old Gothic gateway of the castle, and commu nicated with the village of Culverhouse, in which a population of a hundred and eighty BOUIS fan cied itself a world. Kenrick loved the place castle, village, river, low-lying water meadows, ancient avenues, fair green field where the foun dation of tho abbey "had been marked out with rows of stones, a stone for each pillar in nave.and aisles, chancel and apse-he loved all these things with a love that was almost a passion. His heart thrilled within him when he came back to the familiar scene after a year or more of exile. His nature, not too warm elsewhere, warmed to the old goodies and gaffers of Culverhouse village with an unalterable tenderness. Poor as he was, he had always stray sixpences and shillings in his waistcoat pocket to give these ancient rustics for beer, or tea, or snuff. He could listen to their stories of rheumatics and other afflictions with infinite patience. Their very dialect was dear to him. If Kenrick had lived in the Middle Ages, and been exposed to visible contact withjthe powers of darkness, Mephistopheles would have assuredly bated his hook with the Culverhouse estate. "Here are the money bags," he would have said ; " sign me this bond, and Culverhouse is yours, free of the mortgages that now degrade and hu miliate your race. For twenty years you may reign securely in the halls of your ancestors, and then-" Perhaps Kenrick might have had the force of mind to refuse so frankly diabolical a bargain ; but when Mephistopheles assumed the amiable coun tenance of Selina Duloimer, and whispered in his ear, " Marry Beatrix Harefield, and let her fortune revive the glory of your race," the young man waa sorely tempted, He had promised his cousin Cyril that he would not attempt to become his rival, but ho did not know how far Cyril's love affair had gone. He had no idea that Beatrix had already made her choice irrevocably, and was ready to sacrifice for tune and father's favour for her lover. Kenrick was not in love with Beatrix Harefield, in spite of all those hints and innuendoes where with Mrs. Dulcimer had artfully striven to kindle the fire of passion in his heart. Ho was not in love with her, but he admired her beyond any woman he had ever met, and he could but remem ber that her fortune would give him the desire of his heart. He was above the meanness of marry ing for money. He would not have sold himself to a woman he disliked or despised any more than he would havo sold himself to Satan. He would have accounted ono bargain as baso as the other. But he . would have been very glad to marry a woman with money, provided he could think her the first of women, and worthy to rule in the halls of his race. That he should love herwas asecond o.ry necessity. SirKenrick was not a young man who considered loving and being beloved essential to tho happiness of life. Nature had made him of colder stuft" than his cousin Cyril. He could do very well without love, but existence could hardly be tolerable to him without Culverhouse Castle. He thought of Beatrix Harefield as he paced the long tapestried saloon on the evening of his arrival. He had ordered a fire to bo lighted here, though olclMrs. Mopson.the major-domo's wife,had strong- ? ly recommended him to sit in the library or his mother's morning-room. " You'll be a deal Bnuggerer than in that there big room, Sir Kenrick," she urged. " I don't say it's damp, for I opens the window every fine morn ing j but it's awful chill, and it'd take a'most a stack of logs to warn it." " Never mind the chilliness, Betty," said Ken rick. "I want to sit in the saloon. It's a treat to see the dear old room again after three years' absence." "Ah," said Betty, "there ain't another room in Hampshire okal to it," firmly convinçod that Hampshire was the world, or, at any rate, all the world that was civilized and worth living in. Once . when somebody asked Betty Mopson if she had ever, been so far as London, she replied, " No, thank God, I'm no foreigner." So Betty lighted a pile of logs on the open . hearth, and put a pair of candles on the table near the fire, and wheeled a capacious tapestried arin-chair beside it, and placed Sir Kenrick's slip pers confortably in iront of the fender, so that, in spite of its long disuse, the room had a home like aspect when he came to it after his homely dinner. By this dim light the room lookei lovely -all its shabbiness hidden, all its beauties of form and colour intensified, the figures in the fine old tapestry standing out in life-like roundness. Theseus and Ariadne; Ariadne deserted; the com ing of Bacchus; hymeneal festival ; nymphs and satyrs frisking against a back ground of blue sea. Kenrick thought of Beatrix Harefield as he walked slowly up nnd down ; how well her stately beauty would become the room, how well the room would become her. She was just tho wife for tho master of such a place as Culverhouse. It seemed a hard thing that honour forbade his putting him self forward as her suitor. " How do 1 know that she cares for Cyril ?" he asked himself; "and if she does not, why should not I have my chance ? Cyril is such a close fellow. I don't know how far things have gone between them. She may not care a straw for him. And I may go back to India and leave her to be snapped up by some other fellow. I must have the matter placed on> a plainer footing when I go back to Little Yafford. If Cyril doeB not mean to go in andj win the prize, I must have my innings. It . will be only fair." 