I --""TS " STRANGE, IP TRUE." SUCH was tha thought that passed through my mind after hearing the tales mentioned below, and the discussion that naturally arose concerning them. I am, of conrse, no believer in "ghost stories," but, as many of my readers doubtless know, there are circumstances which seem to baffle all attempts at explanation. Such, I think, are those which were lately repeated to me, and which, believing they might interest our readers, I intend to write down as they are said to have occurred. Before, however, commencing to do so, I think it beat to say that all, the stories were related by the persons who were actually concerned in them. About three. years ago, a gentleman holding a government situation at the Cape, was residing, for a time, in the execution of his duty, in a small village some distance from Cape Town. It was, in general, a very quiet place, with only a few regular residents; a great, many of the houses remaining closed most of the year, their owners living elsewhere on their farmB. Once in twelve months, however, the little village became quite gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally different aspect. This was on the occasion of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast to its usually almost deserted look, the place wao literally crowded with visitors of all kinds. The time of the fair was very close at hand, when the gentleman to whom I have referred, a man in the prime of life, active, strong, in vigorous health, and not in my way imaginative, left the houee where he was residing, with the in tention of taking a walk. It was a clear, beautiful evening:, the moonlight making all as distinct aa in the day; and he paused beside one of the empty houses already mentioned, for the purposo of lighting his pipe. There was not a cloud to bo seen ; not a shadow cast anywhere near where ho was standing, whon suddenly, from round the corner, as if just leaving the hall-door, passed a full-sized coffin, just auch a height from tha ground as would have been the case had it been carried on men's shoulderB. The gentleman watched it with a feeliDg of curiosity, and it seemed to disappear in the distance. He told me that no one could have mistaken it, tbe shape being so perfectly defined. It stood out grey and opaque in the clear, sweet air, and passed him BO closely that he could have laid his hand upon it. Wondering at the strange Bight, but without any feeling of dread or fear connected with it, he was yet suffi ciently impressed by the circumstance to ' write it down, with tbe date and hour, in his note-book, and to mention it to the doctor, who was an intimate friend of his, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my friend had seen it as plainly as he then ea"v himself. Some days passed, and in the busy, daily life, the affair was forgotten by both gentlemen. The fair-time arrived, and, as usual, the little village was crowded. Amongst the visitors was a young man suffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named. All the skill of the doctor proved unavailing, and, amidst the general gaiety, the shadow of death foil upon him; and, throe days after his arrival, his coffin was carried out of the house from whence the gentleman had seen the strange sight issue. On reminding the doctor of what he had been told, the latter said £hat had he remembered the facts, he would have sent the invalid elsewhere; though, of course, if the call, "Come up hither," had gone forth from the Master's lips, no earthly power could have stayed the departing spirit. Ab I said before, I am no believer in ghost stories, but when a strange fact such as this is declared to have been seen by a practical, unimaginative man, in good health, one scarcely knows what to think of it. The scene of my next story is laid in New York, in a handsome house in one of the best parts of the city the lady who related it resided there at the time; the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, and servants. A cousin with whom she had been brought up from infancy, usually lived with them, but his health having latterly failed, he had gone, by advice, to Florida. One afternoon, as she was Eitting playing with the little ones, the nurse, who was also in the room, exclaimed, " There is Mr. George!" Look ing up, the lady, to her astonishment, eaw her cousin, whom she believed to be so far away, etanding in a leaning attitude against the cpen door, gfizing at the merry group; naturally enough, her first remark was to enquire why he had returned, but he gave no answer and moved away, as she thought, to go upstairs. Just at that moment, her husband entered by another door, and she' at once told him that " George was at home, and gone to his room." Glad to hear the welcome, though quite unexpected news, the gentleman followed him, but soon came down, saying he was not there. Greatly puzzled as to where their cotwin could have disappeared, they searched every room with as little success; no one, save the lady and her nurse, having seen him about the house. Almost the next mail brought them the cad intelligence that the young man had i rap Recline, at the Taiy hour of -lu on ^hich his cousin hod, as Bhe thought, spoken to him in her own drawing-room. The lady to whom this happened had always been moat averse to putting any faith in stories of this kind, and, but for the news of his death having M^lrred ,Pr?cisely at the time Ehe saw J70"141 alwaJs have remained convinced uponher ^ r°turned and Played some trick The moat singular part of the circum stance ib, I think, that whilst the ladv and nurse both saw and spoke to him, the children took no notice of one whom room yS l0ved' beiD& in the same Another most curious tale, indeed, the moat puzzling of all, wag related of a soldier leaving his Dost through seeing the «rcP ' i.a3 he Rffirmed, of one of his officers, who, unknown^to him, had just shot himself; but having read it in one of our daily papers, I do not repeat it, ng my readers may, m all probability, have done CXI6 My laefc story is one that happened on board ship, and that seems to me .very pathetio from the great love that must have existed between the friends. Ifc was on a lovely evening that one of the passengers on board a homeward-bound Indiaman, tempted by the beauty of the scene, was lingering on drek, unwilling to exchange the pure Fea breeze for ° f-ho heated atmosphere below. Looting round with a feeling that he was no longer alone' and expecting to see one of his companions' he was surprised to see sitting besidehim, the dearest friend he possessed, and who, as he Mew, was stationed somewhere in the W51J i8i " B-r~" he exclaimed, utterly bewildered by seeing the faco so familiar to him gazing fondly, yet sadly at him ? how came you hero? Have you bean Men away nil these days ?" A?he apote half-jestingly, a strange sensation c;ime !I!w p~Wa3 ¥ dreaming or mad ? Row could B , who was hundreds of miles away, be now on board with him ? " How f_'foyet; here?" he asked, his vuico insensibly taking an awe-5-truck tone. "I came to see you," wa. the answer, f?rln l0T7' 8trft°^y thrilling accents ; longer " 'G' e y°U' buf: 1 cannot Ho laid his hand on that of his fri^tf as he spoke, pressing it witn the old ^ 'n:le touch the other remembered so well, una was gone before any answer could bo ma.ie. 1?or along timo, the officer ant pofderiii^ on tho atrango vi^it; then taking out iii" note-book m the bright star-ti^hf, hp placed the factj on record, with the hour and date. He did not mtntion the cir cumstance on board, knowing w*li hu-<? improbable sucu a story wjuld aiipear, but it was with a heavy heart that he saw the white cliffs of old England" bpcomijx' visible, for a deep conviction hud taken possession_ of his heart thar, on landing, he would, m some way, receive sad tidings of luaold and well-loved friend. Ho knew obat he had been awake and thsf speech had passed betweeu his strange visitor and 5im8i j vUt who that vibitant was, he dreaded, brave soldier though he were to attempt to explain. Landing in England, his-fears were soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on the very night when ,KC.e°?'na_8Poken to hha,thid friend had died m the We3t Indies. | I do not pretends «ivo any i iolaoatiou eft these " strange stori«B "bo tuJd tfiem tome ayened solemnly ttmt >h<, were jast a a they had stated them, i novo no reason to diBboIieve ihrir word T^'r]? thi°88 maU "cour, t,y pi-.pjisoion cj our aU-wise> Creotor. in quite possible, but, Whilst RrsnUnp so much, I think every one should do hw or her mmosi to pu^ down ana destroy ..hat fooli-h, hnrtfnl beiifti iu thoue so-called '' gboFt-etoriea," that jmvs so olien done snob "irretrievable mischief to timid natures and young children. Thinking the above accounts oarious and somowh-.t out- of the common-at least, the firet and third-I have pimply " void tlio tale aa 'tK8e told to me, leaving my readers to form fh.fr .-.wn judgments about them. Still I think Hamlet s words may, with-justice, b* quoted regarding them,'« That there are more thin^ m heaven and earth than are dreamt of i n onr philosophy," and that. in very truth on«K stnnna ara ,, . E. A, 