ITEMS OF NEWS. ' :Messrs; Mair and ^Clayton .have •leased from the-owner those commodious offices under - tha Australasian " verandah which: haver so long , boon occupied by: Messrs.. Towers, Rutherford, and Co. lb will be' seen by an ndvertisementclscwhoro that the; ofiloes which Messrs Mair and Clayton will; vacate are now to leb.'; ' • • • • , AVv, arc pleased to sec that the. suggestions thrown out by us in our last issue to the; committee of the Murrumbulgee Turf Club; have not been' without'eft'eot. j On Thursday! morning a number: of the committee wore driven to the course by Mr; HenryMoxham ! for the purpose of ascertaining oil the course; what improvements were - most: urgently} called for. AVc trust that their deliberations will result in some fcangiblo proof of their intention to carry out the needed alterations' and additions iu< the arrangements'of the' training and running grounds. ■ .It is really, time that some action were! 'takcn'\tb' put ''in thbi;ouglii repair 'the brick! pavement iii Ifitzinaunce-street, between: Garwood and Johnstonstrcots. Abutting on' this pavemeut are to be found: some of the' lcadiug business' places, of-the town, and. already we have pointed .out that it should be asphalted.. The storekeepers, we under-; stand, are willing to pay their share of the cost of this worky aud fcho Municipal Council should take the matter up ero someone break hi3 leg by beiiug.trtypcd viipjby:tho.cavities in the brioking, and they* are mulcted in heavy damages; ■ / It would .be far better to inako a good job of it at once, than to bo for ovor going on putting dowu new bricks when tbo old ones woar away. In addition ..to this the footpath could be made in one gradual slopo where now it is a series of steps. . ' • • ; It. will be remembered that .when tho alt era tion was. made in that part of. FiUmiiuriee street known as the sfiuddiill, and opposite'the Aualralmn Hotel, the hollow on the Nowtown side of. tho hill was raisod.to tho permanent street levol. In consequonco . of this tho ncwly»crected fenco enclosing:tho Wcaloyan Chiipel grounds .was almost covered up. At .any rate, only about eighteen inches or two feoL .oC.the .pulings were left standing above the level of. the footpath. This was dangerous in tho extreme to tho townspeople using tho • foot path j for on a dark night' unasiy acci dent was liable to occur through a person walking i against - the fence being tripped up to fall into tho low ground on tho otiiur side. - In view of this the council voted a small sum of niouey for tho purpose of raising the.foneo, and yesterday this work wus com pleted. In addition to doing away with that which might lead to an accident, tbo raising pf. tho fenec has improred tho appearance of tho street'iri that locality. If all works of the council .wore: carried out in tho same spirit, and towards tho same good end, they would indeed ho of nurrow uiind who would cavil at the expenditure. ....Wis-have beeu informed'that Mr. G. C. Lougliuan, who is a candidate for the su f •frngos of tho electors of this; district,' will arrive iu town to- day.' • . ;Tiru/meeting culled for Thursday evening by the Wagga Wagga Cricket Club, to cou sidor tho advisability of proposing to the South AVaggasWagga Club that thoy should amalgamate with tho old club, did not tako place, as -only a few members put in an ap ^peaniucc.-.Tho. matter will, wo uudcrstaud/ bo duscusacd tins afternoon ou tho cricket ground. .Wo have been informed that there is very httlo hope,-if auy, of tho amalgama tion being brought about,., ,r Tim following iueident shows tho necessity for ipolicorprotcctiou at North VVagga. ; A. i man ontercd the bur of Mr. Gain's hotel I yesterday afternoon, and in sight of those i present stole a decanter of brandy, and then ran away towards the common with it. Mr. LeyKbon was passing at tho time on horse back, and hearing the cry of " Stop thief!" wont iu pursuit. Tho man dodged about tho thistles (which abouud iu the locality) for somo time; but upon being challenged ho surrendered and lay down. Mr. Gain then camo lip and took possession of his property. As it would have taken too much time aud trouble to escort tho fellow to tho gaol, a severe custigation was inilicted upon him, and he was loft tu ruminate as to whether honesty is not the best policy aftor all. : It is notilied by tho Couucil Clerk, iu our advertising columns, that legal proceedings will bo takou for the recovery of all rates not paid on the 31st October present, without any respect to porsons, aud without any further notico. It is with pleasure we stale that there has beeu a clean sheet at the police court since our lust publication. As will be seen by advertisement, a new Public school, under the Education Depart ment, will bo opeued at North Wagga on Monday next, in tho building hitherto oc cupied by Mr. Peutlaud, and used b/ him as a private school. Tho musttv, Mr. Plunkott, brings with him high credentials from Sydney, where lie has been teaching iu tho nrinctnal Vnblie schools. Wi under* stand the building is only to bo used tem porarily, pending the erection of 3 commo dious and 111010 suitable cdUicc, This school will be a great boon to our neighbours, by bringing tho education of their children to their doors. Tins ITcv. Dr. Bermingham will proceed to-day to Narandera, and will celebrate llass there to*inorrow (.Sunduv). / A slight inaccuracy oecu/red in our re* marks regarding tho posts 11X tho Handwiok course for tho purpose of demarcation. Now the running is lightly fene/d in all round j but prior to this the pos/s we referred to were used. Tins attention of owne/s of racehorses is culled to tho fact that the acceptances for tho Wagga Wagga Gold Cup and Grand Stand Handicap will close 011 Wednesday next, tho 20th instant. Tjie milo footrace between. 3)amels »nd«. Pickering, for £10 aside, was run, us pro viou^ly announced, on Thursday ovenmg last on .tho raeeeourie. Danicla received fifty, yards start, and waa Blightly tlio favouring Thcro was not- much belting on tho. went.'* whiit thero was being nvon. 1'iinetiiallv at five o'clock Mr. Stinson, Inspector of Nuisances, got tho peds away to a good; start. Daniels soon increased Ins lend, run* niug at a very good pace. .. lackering .plv lowed him to hold this advantago for about three-fourths of tho distance, when ho put on a spurt, and diminished tho distance^ between liiin and Daniels considerably. Tho latter, however, waa in good wiud ucddulA, not allow hia opponent to get closer, than, about forty yards, when ho came away; anfr won as he liked hy about tho panic distance I as be recoivoil at tho at:»rt. Daniels ran tho i mile, less the fifty yards, in 4nnn.>.4i>4cc.< There was a good number of townspeople on the ground, evidently concerncd in tho issuo of tho race. A PAKAOUAPJt appeared in our last-issue referring to the delay in handing ovor to the noundkeoper at jS"orLh Wagga iho.sum allowed by Government for tho erection of tho new pound there. \Vc now : flud that some of tho minor details aire incorrect.. -Tho fact, over, remains that Mr. Cummins has not yel;' received tho mohoy duo to hiit».h:A85far aH wq can ascertain; tho;maUer .stands, thus : Tho inonev has been tmid bv tho Government for tho purpose; but it/'waa -not paid lo tlio Municipal Couiicil, nor was the money lodiied at tho A. J. S.: Buhk. ^A. lomnson received-notice from tho Government thai the £20 had bWn jtoid to his crudit in the Dank of Now South Wales, to be handed ovor lo (ho poundkeepur. Miv Tompsoh has previously had mouie3 paid to his credit to dinburne, but has,* at the same time, received instruc tions .to see that tho work has been properly done, and that the erection has becn .plnccd upon tho site allocated. Ho, therefore, intUis case, took stops to asccrtaiu whether every*, thing was iu proper form. It appears thnb; Mr. Cominius, surveyor, of North W.aguai; laid.out tho site, and ho has been rcqiu^t*id to give a certiHeato that the pouud luiy brnVn erected on the site surveyed by. him. This Mr. Coimnins is willing to do, hue claims a feo of ono guinea. Up to the present, how over, . this certificate has. not been iorth coining; therefore Mr. Tompson is juMitied in holding over tho money. . If, however, tho information bo not forthcoming, Mr. Cummins may bo kept out of his money for anv lencth of timo. Would it not. 'there fore, have been thii better plan fur Air. 'JLWpson to have referred tbo matter to the Government, ; asking them to ,. divept ;,tbe inspector of pounds, Air, Breutnall, .to »secr» taiu' whether the pound' were properly located or otherwise, seeing that be w tituiUle to certify to tbe fact of his owivkuo\v;cdac . It is now simply a departmental, impossi bility for Mr. Tompson to baud over tue money, abbe has not'yet been satibhea of. the correct location: of. .the newly-erected pound. However, we should advise Mr. Cummins to apply -direct for tbe money?to the Government, pointing out, at the game time, that it would bo evidently untiur i°r him to pay the guinea for tbe coitilioate, seeing that bo knows tbe pound is ousted on the site surveyed by Mr. Oommiiis. Lovebs of eriuket will do well to ietneinbci; that u. very interesting uiatcb/.vvijl bo placed this nfiernoon on the laeocourae, bc-Uvcen tbo AViiggft WiigRti and Caxtom clulia, uomuicua ing at.2 o'clock sharp.. Thus will bc the lust club match of tho season, and ive tniat that the ground will bo u1all° moro attractive .by. tlio presencaoE .alargo numboi ol. h[Jt.l.Iiitois to cliocr tho exertions inudo by the .knights of 'tlio willow.1r. Mn: NYill. .llolliday, ofOirookons, passed through last . Thursday, morning, oil his way lo Brook'oug. Mr. Kitzhiirdingo happened to see liitn nl. (.lie railway station, and Mr. Halli- | day'liiiiidbd 'him a' donation of Ao ..towards | dcfraj'inft the oxponscs incurred 111, tho de monstration to Lord /.Augustus . and I*ady LoEtllS. *.: A'^tiiF-Tivo \vas held at North Wagga on Tuesday Pith,- for tho puryosu oE terming a cricket' club. There was a largo attend ance, anil Mr. IT. II. Park was votod to the chair It . was decided ■ to . tonu a cricket club, to bo called the North Wagga Kaihvny Oriekot Club;' JForty names 1 wore givon-m. Tlio following '.gentlomun! ,\voro appointed office-bearers -.—Mr. H. IT. Park, president; Mr S W AUiband,(vice-president; Mr.- M. Wright, secretary j Mr.tII. Lidilcn, practice . captain ;■ and ■ Messrs. iU. Kobert-J,vE. Ryau,. J ■ iM'Lauglilin, J. Ogilvie,Kay,- Of.Pipcr, niiiT^B ' Tilsbury .weroj elected committee; of: ; nyuingcmcut. The club will cyimuencc its lirst practice to-day oil the Euuonyharcuuyha •ran; opposito1 the railway, station. Under tbo able, direction vof Mr... Wright we .have no doubt the new ol«V> will mnka its name known in the 'district; We wish it every success. - Some tirae since, attention was drawn 111, this, journal to tho absurdity of removing the police from Hanging Eock, Slid,,.police, department' havo , since rccoiiaulored tlio sutvjeot, aud havo; seui .ra'miued uuiwtubU Dove, formerly of TumberunibaS to take eliargb .'of tho station./ A; > lock-up. keeper is r also ,to;be sent. there,/, and it- is- to ,bu hoped; that better accommodation foi^tlic coiistables 'will b'e' provided , tbaii iit ,presiint" exists;' Rnaiucss is improving'at llaiigiug llouk, and; as soon as the,, now, .township is laid out,: several business places will bo erected. Bunicii's . Crook rnns directly, across tlio new surveyed road to Hanging'llo'ck from WagK* Wagga.. Travellers; .-'at tku present, time, do not aoufuie themselvesy to .tlio sur veyed road, but' cross at places wliich they may think there is. tlioUeiist likelilioiid of: their getting bogged at. ., Wha(tyv.«\crossing placo is chosen, to say tho least of it, itjs bail; enough, and numbers wkeuthey;o6iiib to the placo " still stand lingering on th& banks and fear to launch -away.1' ' 'Humorous !nro:' tlio tale3 told of the crossing of this crock, in which buggies, and horses,, und .passengers havo coma to grief.' Ajbndga'should at uueo be erected, which would not only, prevent accidents, but be- a groat 'public' con venience. ■ ■ '■! Tksbebs are invited by tho General Post ofliixs Department, from, persons willing to contract for carrying tho mails from Wagga \Va"ga to Narantlera on horseback, and from Naraiidora and Darlington Point to Jlay,''-via Angel's station. Full particulars may be soen on reference to tho advertise uicat. ' A. CltowK lauds sale is advertised to be keid at tho local Land Oflico ou the 24th November next, and atjuncc ou the 17th piox.y comprising lauds as described in the advertisement. Visitors to tho Hanging Itock township arc toinptcd to prolong their stay to pay a visit to tho celebrated hostelry known us tbe itiick of Cashel, now justly celebrated over the assault and false imprisonment caso recently tried at Wagga Wagga. Tho ltock of Cashel seems to attract as much attention as the famous Hanging l'ock itself and the celebrated treo too, which so faithfully sheltered Muasrs. Clako and Lincoln oil the morning of tho 5th of June last. Tho treo has already been marked and soveral names carvcd thereon, lliu house at present is unoc cupied, and already ghost tales are circulated coneerningit. ltisallcged that pistols (poc!;et) liavo beon seen (loating about in the vicinity. It is also said that noises aro heard iu the building as if bottles wero being broken at night timo, screams of women, &c.;, all of which statements are received with moro or less credence. Constable Dove, however, is going to apply for the cancellation of the license, in consenueuce of the holder having abandoned the house, not 011 account of the ghost stories. On Wednesday last a tea meeting and concert in aid of tlio building fund of St. Mark's Church, Watlacetown, was held in tho Protestant Hall, Wallacutown. Upwards of two hundred persons were present, and the meeting was a. great success. After justice had been done to tho good things provided, the concert began, tho aingors being the members of St. Johu's Choir, and other friends, whose eli'orts to entertain were most rapturously applauded. Addresses were I alao given by Atchdencou Pou'nall, and the Jiov. T. Watson, and tho usual collection mado. The church ia to bo built on a por* tion of land given by Mr, Win, M'Nickle, on the Lighthouse ljjll and near to the Wallacotowu Railway Station. It ia hoped that the building will be ready for Divine service by Christmas. Under the heading of " Weather and Stock Report," the WtxUjdt Muil aheity* has the i'ollowing sentence :—41 Our district slock and weather report will be found in the local intelligence column," Will our contemporary ' enlighten us as to which i* tlio column re ferred to ? We are seldom if over able to discover any "district stock and weather report" in his columns. Take, for instanco, tlio issue of October CJLli* 