THE GENIUS OF REFORM. THEKE lives a most unquiet wight, My humble cottage by ; "Reform, reform," from morn till night, Is his unceasing cry. He cries, " Reform," in accents shrill, And anything but low, From the first dawn of day until I to my office go. And still, when I return at night, He will, with fiendish glee, The beauties of Reform recite For hours and hours to me. He drives me mad—with parrot cry— Does my reforming friend ; I'm doubtful whether he or I Will first reach Yarra Bend. He would reform the Council till The Council ceased to be; And chuckle at that bitter pill For every M.L.C. He would reform the great Chief Sec., And Ministry as well; And every member's monthly cheque, And things too strange to tell. The language of the courtly Vale, Who, as the poet sung, In classic Fitzroy ne'er would fail To murder mother tongue. The famous " brake " of our Jack Tar, That "blunt but honest fellow," Who cried aloud, "Revenge, ah ! ah!" And Mirams's "umbrella." He would reform the sisters and The maidens, aunts and cousins Of those who rule this Happy Land, From off the earth, in dozens. And also the famed " Plebiskite," And Henderson, the grand, Until a proud Caucasian, white, In Collins-street, he'd stand. He would reform without a. pang The pillar-posts outlandish; The morals of the Kelly gang, The energy of Standish. The fashions, dear to Melbourne belles, The dress that shows the figure; The prices at our best hotels, The law's extremest rigour. The 'Tiser, published in Geelong, The rinks where folks go skating; The coffee, made as brandy strong, And as intoxicating. He would, in short, go the whole hog In reform, to lick creation; And e'en repeal the Decalogue Without much hesitation, I wish that "burning questions" were Prohibited; that I Might live in peace, nor need to swear At his unceasing cry. He wakes me from my troubled sleep Until I rise be cannot keep That subject of Reform. Howe'er, 'tis sure the next full moon Will, though the thought seems sad, See one or both of us full soon, Go quite stark staring mad. If he should die, he'll never roast In peace in regionB warm; But come, I know, pragmatic ghost, To haunt me with Reform. 