THE OLD SERMON". "; TSE solemn. bush of midnight is brooamg over tbe earth , Alone in.-my state and splendour* Iwait for; the new aay's oirth Ko sound breaks m on the stillness, no voice m tbe silence calls, So heavy ihe velvet Uanjiings, so. .thick are: mj study walls. I would bit in the ttutlsysilence, and rest w both heart and brain, And gather strength for the warfare that dty bi.ogs on again; But,a picture comes 111 the darkness of a place I knew when a boy, And.it chills the heart that is.throbbing with th6 flushof worlftlv joy. 'Tis a eimple oburch in a mesdow-land, . Where,! see a wuite-heired pastor stand, Who warns bis^ock with upliited hand : " Except ye be like the ohildrtn, 7e cannot enter in." t There's a .glitter and glory:-arouud me that IB boin of a guinea's shine; I' measure a thousand acres, and know that (heir wealth is mine, 1 hear m the shout of the gap>ng crowd 'the, ; homage thev bear my name— ' It.is written m radiant letters on the glittering roll of fame; The sound ol the words I - utter is; echoed from land to land, And the helm that sways a nation is trusted within my hand; But my heart grows faint like a weman's when the dusk of twilight nears, And I dread the solemn midnight wlen that white-haired man appears, ; : ;3?or-soul and spirit become/perplexed ;• - I die&d; the words that are coming uext, The ewfai sound of that simple teri: " Except ye be like the children, Te cannot enter in.' Long and fiercewas the struggle that placed mo upon the height; I wrought with is will for tho lustre that has made my name so bright, I won ine a csown of laurel, and wreathed it afound my hroa, And the wounds of the mighty conflict I beat about me now. Ana mine is the right oi jeestmg, of Musing awhile in the strife, For I fought the fightlike a victor, .and conqucred the thing called life. : Bat that picture will come m the dailmess, and stifle the fire-lightsgleam, ' Till rpale and -sliiitik like A culprit who bound 311 a nightmare dieatn; 7?or I gse the old men standing there, The lilted hands and whitened hair, And I heat the trembling voice ueclare: " Except ye be like (he utiildren, "Se cannot enter ID. ' So I sit alone in the midnight, •while the ghosts of the past flit-by, And they warn me with shadowy fingBrs of the end that is diawing nigh, I think of the -life within me, of ihe fierce and resistlesswill, And ihe frail and helpless body jthat mast lie so cold and still, < Till the -qnivermg heart in my bosom grows fault ana nnnib with fear, With dread of the awful summons that one day I must hear; AnS I turn with a shudder of loathing from the power I stooped to win, And X iong for the heait of childhood, antouched, unsullied b em t 3?or the -voice of truth falls ]0n'm ear, -too memory ealfcili adoym the ears, While awed and frightened my soul sfai \- Jiears Uwept ye.fae like to children, ie cannot eater iti 11 A NOTING Sciiiir p 1 K —Hwling a nc\ = Snf bo^r whose face waB scarred yrith scrattdiefe -andlooked like a map ot some g At ml 10 id cent.l, u 1{ gutei rcportc." a=kid tho j-olmgster what; be matter wa , ' 1\1 c e' Epolte disreBpectful of my lister, s sa hod 1 net W'C Via.-, uosccyed, and 1 snied la > foui iiEtu tro f i-jed'' A Ua m-> ie sorter "Hain't got no sister,"' was the lepl "It•was the principle of the iliafe wJiai I Bot licked ior.'--A> Morns IkolstJ- 