NEWS AND NOTES. By our cablegrams it will be seen that in a race for £400 a side between Trickett and Ross the former came in a winner by four lengths. A foal, however, having taken place, the referee haa ordered the race-to bo-rowed again." Laycock and Hanlan have come to .terms, and a match has been arranged for £SOO a aide and l jthe ..world,. . t JChe .excite-, ment' in Ireland continues, more particularly in the south*weat, and the people are joining the . land league - inlarge numbers. The Government measures, for fche suppression of* the disturbances hive as yet not been effective.'. Mr Shaw Lefevre BilCcOeds Mr TV. P. Adam as Chief Commissioner .of -Works, and Mr G* ■P,tto.Trevelyan succeeds, the former as Secre* ,tary to the Admiralty; , Mr TV. P. Adam has been gazetted .Governor of Madras, r." . : ! ; In the Council yesterday evening Mr Belcher presented..a; petition’from the-mayor and cor* poration of Qeelong. prayiDg that the line to Charlton be carried.from Cope Cope; as origi* nally proposed by the Government. Similar petition® were presented by Mr Campbell, from Maryborough and Tullaroop. Mr Frazer also. presented a petition from St; Arnaud, asking 1 that evidence should be taken on the subject at the bar of the : House. ' 7 i ’ . : \- Railwa y Construction Bill was read in the last, night for the £rat time, the second reading being made an order of the day for this day; As a mark of respect to the late rMr Highetfcrthe Council, without transact* ,ipg any further business, adjourned until to* day.' •. v ...... On tlm Railway Construction Bill being read ? m ■ * n t * lo Coimct], notice was given by Sir Charles Staden of bis intention' to move that the lino from Elmore to Keran'g and the Branxbolmc and Caeterton line bo referred to a select committee. r ’,'l“ IJ 1 * Assembly yesterday evening, before the piece de resistance in the shape of Ways and Means, was called on, aeveralmattora of minor importance occupied the time ' of the House. Mr Orkney .wanted to hnowwhy by whoso authority his motion respecting Mr Gaunson had . been expunged .from the notice paper, Mr Kernofc was ansious about a' level railway crossing near the Geelong sta* 'and; Mr Fincnam ; asked a question to. Mr Surveyor Brookhouse. An Amending Land Act was introduced by Mr Richardson, and the Rabbit Suppression Bill read a third time and passed. Mr Service yesterday resumed the debate bn the/land;*tax regulations,. He contended, that the poor classes under.tho .proposed mea*. sure would bo unfairly ‘comparison with others. Mr .Berry, defended the resolu tion, stating. that Mr Skene, 'who' possessed great bad prepared the schedules. Along discussion ensued, Mr- Woods giving notice of hie intention to move an amendment affirming the desirability of a progressive land tax. -■ The advice .to eligible electors to register themselves as voters cannot be ■ repeated too .often,ln view of the privileges the possession of a right confers, and the possible* magnitude of the issues to be tried during the period such right will run current. To day is the last day npph which the regietrari can issue rights so that they will hatre a present' value, and we counsel all persons competent for the suffrage to enter their nanlea off the roll without.fail. - . ~J The . general lists of persons claiming to Vote for members of tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria _ will close to day. ‘ The several elec toral registrars and deputy registrars through out the colony have been instructed to-keep their offices open to issue.elector’a-rightsi' until 10 p.m. -Mr D.Cbristy’a office (Ballarat West) H opposite the George Hotel, Lydiard street, and Air : R- B. Michells (Ballarat East) is above the Exhibition Mart, Victoria etoeet. ' We regret to learn, that Drgerr, formerly of Ballarat, died at his residence, Hawthorn, on Monday 'evening. Dr Kerr,' it will be remem bered, was formerly assistant resident.surgeon at the Ballarat District Hospital, and during his residence here was married to Mies HiilaV daughter of Dr Hillas. now of Wagga Wagga.’ He waa not in tha beat of health, but we have not heard the exact caose of bis decease. The flag at the Hospital was hoisted at half-mast in .token of respect for, the memory of deceased... , ‘ A special train conveying the following named, visitors to Ballarat arrived at the Western railway station on Tuesday‘morning’ at 10.45:' Sir. Henry and Miss' Partes, the Hon.. Mr Frazer, M.L.C. (N.S.W.J, and Miss Frazer, the Hon. Mr Watson, Treasurer to the Government of New South Wales; Mr Fowler, M.P* (S.A.), and MrChas. Lyne, representative of the Sljdney Morning Herald. The dis tinguished. visitors werp met by his Worship the Mayor of the City,- and entering the car riages provided were driven, to Craig’s-hotel, where a friendly glass of wine was partaken of and the programme of the day's events ar ranged. Leaving Craig’s hotel the party pro ceeded to the Band and Albion Consols shaft and battery, where they' were very kindly shown over-the works and through- the drives .by Messrs ‘ Serjeant ‘ and’Brophy, juns. In company with the, mayor and Mr Lyno the. young .■ ladies .wrapped themselves in the customary oilskins . and were lowered down the shaft,': the strange sights and novelty of tho underground, work ings causing them no little wonder and amuse ment. Returning to the surface and being joined'by the remainder of the party, they ..were driven back to Craig's, where the mayor : entertained them at lunch. In the afternoon a short visit was paid to the Phoeoix Foundry, and the visitors were then driven to the lake, which,- under the genial influence of the weather, looked its best Mr Gill’s steamer waa in readiness,' and a trip across the water to the gardens was made, the carriages driving round,and meeting the party.at,the terminus' of the voyage by water, , Returning to town the various charitable institutions and public buildings were pointed dnt, and then arriving at Craig's bis Worship the mayor, took-dinner' with the party, and, at five minutes past 7 the ' 1 visitors left the Western station for Melbourne by special train.', The demands on our space compel ua to hold over' the' : continning report nf the com petitive farm judging, as well asaeyeral letters. In the advertisement seknowledgihg receipt ,pt the Charity Sunday Collections’ the eum of' . £7_ls_by. the Town Mission ..was .accidentally omitted._ ■ - ' .. .At.the meeting.of the : Hobart Pasha-Com pany held on Monday night, a sum of £5 was voted as » donation to the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, ‘ .. i . i ‘ Hawkers are reminded that the time for the renewal of their licenses is at hand, and unless they give the .required, 'fourteen .days’ notice, their licenses cannot be obtained. An inquest was held on Tuesday afternoon' .on the body ot the child Henrietta Meavars, concerning whose death sekno little suspicion had been aroused. The certificate from the Government analyst "certifying to the fact that he had-not;traced any vestige ot poison in the stomach or powders and medicine forwarded to him waa read, i With regard. to the latter, he stated that they were nothing beyond the ordinary narcotic medicines usually adminis tered to children. A verdict’ was brought in to the effect that the child had died from con-" gealion of the lungs combined with other causes, • , . r . . ..Larrikinlsm is asaumiog a very ugly shape in Ballarat within the lart few'weeks. A few days ago we.had to ohronialo a ease where three young scoundrels' were shown to have: entered a public-.houee.-and, without receiving any provocation whatever, brutally assault the landlord, knocking him down, and kicking in' his teeth. On Tuesday a case wae brought before the City. Court, ih~ which 1 the evidence | showed that a crowd of larrikins attacked an hotel With atones; and-broke eleven of glass in It, after having violently assaulted two of the inmates, one Of whomwaa struck on the breast with a stone slung in a pocket-handker chief. A conviction was only enstained against one, who, however, waa made to pay stiffly for I his amusement.; «r /. Tho Marian Willis Trophioe, won by Mr A. H'Naughton’s .craw-on. the 9th November, in connection with tho Ballarat" City Rowing Club's scratch, eights, will., be presented from the stage by Miss Willis" to tho successful winners to-pight. , . ~ ~ There era many and varying waya in which. to awaken a drunken man to a sense of bis situation, -hut that adopted ;by a -5 certain member of the police force is one of the most \- we have yet-heard of,* It came out in evidence given at . the City Court oa Tuesday morning, and was as follows:—Finding a man lying in .drunken sleep comfortably seatedin the gutter, he proceeded to “nib hie ears.” This mode of treatment is quite original, wo believe, and consists in rubbing the hands backwards and forwards over ths patient's ears until- it acta npon- him.- - The" manner in whioh it affected this particular inan was to make him" snddenly spring to bis feet,'emit a : shriek of \- hortpr. jjufi.dash down.the street at a frantic: pac& The constable followed, end after dodging him round a corner succeeded in pulling him up. He then politely re quested to be fntaished with the captured man's name, whioh being given, he edminis tend two kicks for the purpose, as the eon fggjle elegantly remarked, of "forwarding his ' Heathen retired to meditate oa rjne ‘vision of infinite space" at the nearest comfortable shop recers. The two young men brought before the City Court on Tuesday morning charged with having assaulted Mr. Thomas Ottway on the 28th instant were discharged, there not being sufficient evidence to show that either an .assault er attempt to rob had been committed.'- The evidence was most contradictory, and it is probable that the last of the case has not yet been heard. A full report appears in our ‘police intelligence column. The Ballarat Orpheus Minstrels. gave a per formance in the assembly-room of the.Alfred hall on Tuesday . evening to a large and appreciative audience. ’• Thetraffic returns on the Victorian railways for the week ending 25th November show total receipts for the week, with 1188 miles of railway, of £29,148 15a 10d, as against £24,630 19« for , the corresponding week of last year with. 1110 miles open; * The aggregate from Ist January is £523,418'15a sd, as against £496,323 Os 7d for the same term in 1879. \- The medals won by the members of the Ballarat Fire Brigade during their recent com petitive practice were, exhibited on Tuesday in the window of Mr-A.T, Thompson, jeweller, Main street. They are of excellent design and manufacture. ’ •• A valuable four-year-old mare, belonging to Mr-Bobs, died in . foaling after returning from Clunea Show, where she - bad been ex hibited. She competed on seventeen different occasions, securing fifteen first and two second prizes. At the Grand National Show, in Mel-/ bourne the animal won a first prize, securing a 30-guinea cup. The loss to the owner is a severe one, as he refused 200 ‘guineas for the mare when only a two-year-old. - - Our Learmonth correspondent writes " The Central Board of Health, in their in vestigations'of the origin of diphtheria, would not receive much, enlightment from a case which has .lately made its appearance at the Springs. In this case no apparent reason for the disease exists, the place being kept scrupu lously clean. ■ Medical opinion in some cases goes 66 confirm the belief that it must in some degfee arise from dampness. . In the present instance, however, the contagion has been in the house within three years, and as the germs of the disease have been known to linger in places for that period, it may account for the present outbreak, as for want of thorough disin fection or other reason, it is not improbable there may be an outbreak within a given. time. The child infected belongs to the family of the teacher, necessitating at once the closing of the school fora fortnight, and-every precaution Has been taken to prevent the spread of the complaint.” It is not often that Smytheadale is favoured with an intellectual treat such as was wit* .nessed on Monday In the Mechanics’ Institute hall in : the partial performance of "H.MS. Pinafore." Though we had not the three* decker, nor the pompous admiral, we had the music, which was. very fairly given by ladies and gentlemen. It was pleasing to observe that there was -.a, very excellent, house.. The names of all the. lady amateurs were sup • pressed, showing that they, were no ways am bitious to add a- laurel to their • names. The gentlemen mentioned were Messrs Crisp, W. W. Greene,''Haroj Craig, M'Keozie, P. Yung,, and Waymoath. The comedy "Used Up 1 * followed,'when Mr -Waymoath. made a dashing Sir Charles Coldstream. Father Wurzel .and-Mary Wurzel were de cidedly funny, bht then Mrs Schwartz many a time and oft in her. day played Mary, lam glad to, say that tKa affair was a decided success. The following amusing blunder in an other wise excellent work is mentioned by the corre spondent of an ~ exebange " Australians generally manage] to'have a good laugh over Edglfsh books and newspapers when they touch anything relating to Australia, but it seems handbooks are -faulty wherever pub published. . Beading Gordon and Goicb’s new compilation, 1 The. Australian Handbook for 1880,’ I find among many others the following amusing one:—‘ Illabarook; late Bulldog Flat, is a postal town in the. county,of Grenville, electorate of Mount' Misery.’ Now I have no . doubt there are many electorates in Victoria which are * Mount Misery* to unhappy candi dates, but I know of none of that name." ■; The cool indifference- 'with which parents desert their children," and subsequently make no provision for their maintainance, certainly shows a want of parental affection. At the Smytheadale Police; Courtoh. Tuesday, an old man named Howett; who resides in Smytheadale, brought John Caldicott, aged two years, before the bench, and stated that he was his. grandfather, and the child bad baen forwarded, from Bal larat to him, but having a family of his own. he was unable to keep this child, and wished it in the Industrial school. The bench made an order. to forward it to Ballarat. The suggestion of the Minister of Mine?,; that the various mining companies who. desire to have the use of a diamond drill should band together and : purchase one, is (writes the Pleasant' Creek News) being discussed in S.Cawell, and has been received in no unfriendly manner,by .the public. . We understand that two drills similar to the one now in use in the West, Scotchmans. lease, ; with fittings and everything complete,-could be purchased and fixed at any two,claims on - the.place for under £4000; ' This cost, distributed amongst a number of 'companies, would not. fall; very heavily on each, and the, town would not then be dependent on any Government for the keeping of a drill in the district. . There is great fear ef the spread of rust at Wangaratta* aud other parts of the North- Eastern district. M. Soudry will leave Victoria for good next week.. Up to the t present time be was em ployed in the French court as the real manag ing commissioner, but by the last mail he received his dismissal, and be sails for France. Ho was (writes the; correspondent., of the Ararat Advertiser} to have been commissioner to New Turk, but the Greer escapade wilt no doubt cause the loss of that position. He has not been so unsuccessful while here. I am told he won £7OO on the Cup, and so much have we developed morbid curiosity here that when he resolved to sell Ms horse add carriage enthusiasts gave £7O for the one,'and £l2O for the other, the original cost being £4O and £7O respectively 1, Some of M. Soudry’a., friends have jokingly advisedhim, aftersuch a result, to put up his clothes, jewellery, Ac., to auction. This- hunting after mementoes of celebrities,, no matter of what kind, is developing into' ■ something] very-ridiculous.-. I was gravely told, though of- course I doubt it, : that a mem-' her of the press was offered a guinea for the eyeglass through ’ which he] saw Ned'..:Kelly hanged ! . ‘ J 0 ’ * I Some-practical jokers at Benalla desire to hasten >ia wedding. A telegram : relates .the following amusing- circumstance:—“A hoax ! hat beetr perpetrated upon a schoolmaster and | schoolmistress'in the-town; by] some person i sending a, notice to a clergyman authorising | him to publish thebanns of marriage between ■ t the above persons. The .banns were published I yesterday., No" clue has been obtained as to I the writer of the letter.” : H ,The eleventh volume of the "Proceedings of ! the Boyal Colonial Institute" is to hand. It is issued with the imprimatur .oi Messrs Samp* son Low, ..apjd Cos,, which is of itself a suffi cient' guaranty of the manner in which the typographical portion . of the work has been done. Amongst the moat interesting of ;the papers read before the members of the inati tute is .one by Mr Stephen Bourne, entitled “Extended Colonisation a necessity, to the mother country," M An Empire’s Parliament,” and an interesting essay on New Zealand from the pen ot Mr, A. F. Halcombe. .* I A branch telegraph-office ■ is to be opened 1 this week at the Melbourne Exchange. It is j expected- to- prove a- great-convenience -to the number of business men who frequent the; building. ~ .-A special cablegram to the Argus states that the'Earl ef Dnfferin, the British 1 ambassador at St Petersburg) returns to Buesia with in structions to arrange the Asian questions which' have been the subject of negotiation between Russia and England. ~ ' ' ' i • Four.ycara since (writes the Adelaide;cor-, respondent of the-Atyus/Messrs Johntaonand Oakbank imported 60 English perch' from Ballarat, and..put ,them in.. the. -River Onka- Paring* . . Since that time none were seen until to-day,- when one was caught weighing 2f lb. The National Gallery will be closed for ing to-day, and until further notice. The licensed victuallers of Melbourne, cob • vened bythe committee ofthe Victorian United ..Licensed Victuallers’Association, mot (reports the ArgutJ&t; Start's hotel on Mondaymight, to consider what steps should be taken in con nection'with the,ale duty, ] Mr Stutt'was voted to the chaiiV/;;It was unanimously jreaolved to i recomufend the trade to adhere strictly to imperial measdro ib deputation was appointed to wait upon the city hotelkeepers to obtain their signatures to an agreement to carry out this resolution. A similar meeting was held in ColUngwood yesterday afternoon, Mr Bonham, vioe- presi dent of‘he society, in the chair. Itwaa™ solved to recommend the trade to minimum price of U per pint for indoor outdoor eonaamption, and that i mperi J measure be strictly adhered to. It Z “ % ' membaia ..of,, the-trade ahould be waited on to secure their assent to this nr rangement. The Fitaroy hotelkeepers melt those of Hotham' to-morrow nfght the Richmond publicans on Thursday noon and those of Carlton the same evenioT and the trade in Emerald Hill on Friday night’ • fi. P0 ?l t^ er named Le Port “. "hose .tall k in the Melbourne Eastern Market was f,,,- the Daily Telegraph) fined 10a, and ordered to pay costs,|by the District Court bench on MonN day, for keeping fowls’ legs tied when he had them exhibited for sale. The proaecution was * 1 instituted at the instance of the Society for th»* U Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. • The Ballarat train, due in Melbourne at a quarter-past IX p.m. on Monday night was delayed an hour and a quarter. The’delay (says the Age) was caused by some of the machinery attached to the engine going out of ordersbortlyafterthe train leaving theWorribee. Repairs were effected, and the train after the delay mentioned was brought in. r The Phylloxera Committee of. the Legisla tive Assembly will, it is understood (says the Argus), meet to deliberate as to their report some day this week. Of course nothing defi nite as to the views of this body is known, but it is not improbable that they will recommend the payment of : compensation to vignerons. whose vines are destroyed, and, with a view to the prevention of the disease in future the subdivision of the colony into districts, ’and the establishment of some system based oa the local government principle, under which vignerons will be licensed, and to contribute to a sort of mutual protection fund. Late enquiries have proved that the disease is con fined to the Geelong district. Mr L. L. Smith, the chairman of the committee, is entering into communication with public men in the neighbouring colonies for the purpose of ascertaining whether their ■ respective Governments will be likely to contribute towards the expenditure which would be in* curved in destroying all the vines within a certain area in the Geelong district. Wo.tike the .following particulars of the accident by which a lad of twelve years of age named Drury, son of the clerk of the Queens land Executive Council, lost his life, from the Sydney Evening News:—“ A. horrible shark accident occurred last Thursday evening at the Deep Ruck, opposite Kangaroo Pond, Brisbane Kiver. Some, boys were bathing, and one named - Alexander Drury, twelve-years, was seized by a larg* shark by both legs. The boy, being‘ a' splendid swimmer, turned and fought, and got,away, until nearing the bank, when he was seized again and dragged under. A companion, named Bergin, jumned m to-tba rescue, and : got hold’of Drury, but thosharfe was too strpng.for both. . .A third boy jatnped! in and seized' Bergin," and with ether %oj8 r I assistance they dragged Drury away. The ■ combat lasted - for five minutes. Frightful 1 injuries are done to both the poor boy’s legs; j which are stripped from the calves downwards* | and the ankle and feet bones were crushed. I Great loss of blood resulted, and the water for j yards round was discoloured. Amputation oE I’both legs below the knees was performed by | Dr O'Doherty.—Drury has several times swans I across the river.” We (Advertiser) understand that several summonses have been issued against "publi cans in Geelong for Sunday trading, and that the-defendants are mostly women. Singular that the gentlemen In blue should have been so partial iu their attentions ! . ' The case in which Miss Ella Carrington and Miss Lily Reid, of the “ Stray Leaves” Com bination Company, are charged with the wilful murder of an infant, was (says the Argus) called on at Hamilton on Monday, but was not proceeded' with; the prisoners being remanded until Wednesday. During .'the. afternoon a warrant was issued in Melbourne for the arrest of Mr Cbas. H. Taylor; who was recently a member of the company at the Theatre Royal, but who afterwards joined the “Stray Leaves ” entertainment, upon a similar charge- A telegram was at once despatched from the: Melbourne Detective Department to Adelaide, where Mr .Taylor was residing, and be was shortly afterwards arrested and charged with, the capital offence. He will be remanded to Hamilton,* where he will be,brought up with* the two other prisoners on Wednesday morn* ing. ■■■■*) The Oeelong Advertiser understands that the wife of a well-known commerical gentleman lu Geelong has come into a slice of good fortune lately, by the sudden increase in the value o£ some landed property in - the Elaine district- Some mouths since the land was considered a perfect drug in the market, but lately certain) 44 lines ” of reef have been dipping towards it, nud the country thereabouts is believed to be> highly auriferous. The land referred to has been let, we believe, for over £llsO per year. Kosedalo will (says the Qippsland Tima) be the first of the Gippsland municipalities to protest ' against the meditated abolition of endowments. A public meeting convened by the president of the shire will be held in the* Mechanics' Institute to-day (Saturday), when the following resolutions will be submitted:—l. “ That serious loss would arise to the welfare of the country by the withdrawal of the pre sent-amount of endowment." 2. “That in many districts it would be impossible to make new roads should the endowment be with drawn.” 3. “ That this meetiug considers the question of endowment r of sufficient import ance to be settled'by itself, and hereby desiies that no extraneous matter, such as closed roads, toll.raads, or any other question, be mixed up with it." A resolution will also be .submitted to embody the foregoing: resolution iu a petition to be signed by the ratepayers for presentation to Parliament by the members for the district, and that they be requested to support its prayer. Persons who sign H ordersand subsequently forget having done so, should take warning from the following case reported in the Gipps land Times :—“ On Friday evening a well-known tar pavement contractor was arrested in Mel bourne,-charged with obtaining money under false pretences from the proprietor of .the rail way refreshment rooms at Sale. "The charge against the accused is that of having drawu ■ome money from the Treasury, having parted with all interest in it., by. signing an H order. The accused will be brought to Sale, and will appear before the Police Court there on Wed nesday.” • : Referring to Miss Ella Carrington, who has been arrested for child-murder, the correspon dent of the Ararat , Advertiser states' the actress was one of therstock company .brought out from London some years ago by Mr Har wood -for the Royal, .and who proved a " frost,V ...Miss Carrington was about the best of them. Great excitement exists in theatrical circles over the affair, and people wonder bow Mhs Carrington could be guilty c£ the alleged charge, seeing her circumstances. Sergeant Britt, who for the last nine years has been in charge of the Talbot-police station, left Talbot on Monday for the purpose of re porting himself at the police depot. For (ha long.period of twenty-two years, w ofTalbot Leader)-. believe, Mr Britt has been identified with the Maryborough and Talbot districts, and, as may be imagined, his departure was not a pleasant episode to himself or the many friends he leaves at Talbot. . Mr Waterhouse, curator of the Adelaide museum, has examined the insects found iu rust-affected wheat at Port-Pirie. From first impressions he thinks-insects do not cause the rust, .but feed ■ bn it. .He has taken some insects for. examination by the .Microscopical Society. - ' A . 1 t ‘ r JSallarafc correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser writes “ One of our spiritist mediums, a. lady with a.romantic name, been caught eut, I hear, in f raud—rls ‘burst up, in fact—and has had to migrate from the sceua ot her past successes to a seat in the western ■portiou. of the city. She was very f*mil» r with spirits and half-crowns, aud it seems that 'to secure the lucre she laid ibon—the medium business'that is—a little tod thick and slab. But we have other.spiritists here who are clear of the money-wimuDg taint, and manage their own commerce with the ghosts without profes sional ; assistance. ' For jbany of these I can I vouch .fur, .their , honesty aud : strongi faith, ' whether they be deluded or not.” . / | The Clunes Guardian is hopeful that, seeing i the matter of residence area titles so closely affecta- 44 the Major’s” own electorate, there is hope of what .was. promised at Clupea . by ..the same honourable gentleman ..being carried into effect. Our; contemporary thinks it must be admitted that until now . a masterly inactivity” has been . manifested 1D not seeking to effect that which on his own showing should have been provided for ” y car3 logo.", . .: .5 ■ V;" Referring to the wheat prospects the corre spondent of a. contemporary says: — 41 Tn® impression' in Melbourne circles just that as soou aa the new wheat comes in there will be ft great fall in thoprice,abd there has been talk of a riug being about to be formed to hoy the Urge quantity that will be floating. with ihe great failure of the crop in Russia and th«* prospects of war I fail to see.why price* eh i(hl bp yxnch lower, unless such an opera* ; When the'last mail left A^« ;fiarfen!Dß eT^ yw ! 1 “lt lJead towcaatleon- Tyne (England) papers to t 6 ®, VwTtransaotion unparalleled in history ‘‘fJrittoJ- «“pment of wheat to Russia. Gosport was chartered to.eon. Tt ® Luo Cronstadt (the port of St. Patera ° and offers were made to-other ebip. barg l As far as I can see by the papers iSa alone has a surplus. Farmers who keep their wheat for two or three ®ThßMelboume correspondent of the Ararat Jitter .writes:— “Talking of Mr Lyater 7 da ma to mention Mr Armes Beaumont, ,bTsince the accident which deprived him of j«'sight of one eye, has been almost a son to 1 WK-eat •■entrepreneur." It is hardly right, to talk of such things on so solemn ™ dK&ion; but it is rumoured that Miss Kmilie Melville is about to return to Victoria, that a match between her and our h,write'tenor is n«t unlikely. The rumour ‘ , pr ead when Miss Melville was iu Mei boms before, but it did not turn out true, it present Mies Melville is turning people’s fJ, in America in ■ The Royal Middy.’ ” Hotel wrecking is not confined to Colling rood. An Argus telegram states;—“A most dfcgracoful and cowardly attack was made J n Brian’s hotel, Moon, near Rushwortb, bv four well-known residents of the district on Saturday night, 27th inst. The hotel was completely wrecked, and the most wanton dsmsge done to a valuable buggy/ One of lbs gang boasted that he was Kelly’s brother. Itey were guickly apprehended by the. police, to whom great credit is due.” , . Xhs monthly meeting of the Ballarat Horticul tural Society will bo hold this evening at 7dl)p.SL ■’ ‘ ‘ Mr J. Hobson will give one of his recitals at Holy Trinity Church on Thursday evening-next. ill Pinnock, .by. advertisement, announces-; that he is a candidate at the forthcoming annual election for tho appointment of ban. surgeon bold by the late Dr Nicholson. Dr Pinnock has boo performing the duties of the office since Dr. Xicholson’s death. • Tbs November collections .of the District Hospifal, including £BO,. first instalment of Charity Sunday collections, amount to £262135. They are acknowledged by advertisement. 