QUORN*. . The anniversary of the Queen's Birthday passed off quietly, through the inaction of the secretary of the Race Committee, and the races to have been held on that day are indefinitely postponed. It appears that the secretary being of a musical and eutertaining turn of uiind was doing his level best to organize an entertainment in aid of a plastering fund (hence the result), which took place at Cowan & Co.'s wheat store. A select and appreciative audience assembled to do justice to the efforts of the promoter, the programme being unique gems of melody, interspersed with harmony, combined with the well-lit hall to enhance a pleasing contrast to the usual monotonous life of Quoru, taking the " Barton experiment" as a precedent. The proceedings were opened by the brass band, accompanied with irregular variations ou the tin whistle by an irrepressible member of the audience, and who we afterwards learned obtained admittance with a spurious ticket, -doubtless of his own production. The chairman 1^ address being followed by a song, " Roses underneath the snow," the pathetic and feeling manner in which this was rendered resulted in an imperative encore, and was responded to by a Virginy breakdown. After which Bardell t>. Pickwick, by a gentleman whom the audience seemed to appreciate, for on repeated calls to re-recite the mention of the names of CHEKK, SXKAK, WEEK, left us in doubt as to whom the performer was. He has since been advertised for—no reward on delivery I Wo were next favored with what seemed most required—a sudden squall of wind and rain, and so much did it interfere with the performance that a lady amateur's song had to give place to the brass band, who favored the audience with the " latest operatic selection." Mr. Tim Finnigan, of Water-street notoriety, being the object of their choice, followed by an excellent piece of instrumentalisui by two violins, pronu'ecuoso with organ " obligate." Here the appreciation of the audience knew no bounds. One enthusiastic admirer was so carried away that in the excitement of the moment he threw his supper—a mutton pie (advt for Vincent)— under the impression that it wus a bouquet. The wind and rain helped to slightly mar the next recitation and song till tbe elocutionist from a neighboring township favored with his set piece! The audience thought it evidently a dissertation 011 billiards, as " pocket the red," " in off the white," " os. and your poors in," and such like irrelevant rciuarks caused the aforesaid gent to come boldly in the centre, of the hall, offer to see any one outside at sight, or for an accommodation say three months. There were no lakers. A second importation now appeared. Some friend remarked he was Shakespeare's or Haiulct's ghost—didn't matter which, but not in costume. He had live minutes 1 appearance, and ended by an appeal to the chairman, who remarked—Go on; proceed. The versatile actor, who is evidently a disciple of Matthew Burnett, thought he had tried the pat'uMce of the oudiencerather too far auil therefore retired. An announcement that the hand would now sing the National Anthein hiuiight this interesting entertainment lo a close, witli the remark that this was tiie lirst ol' a series, &c.;, by a handful of private citizens. Under such management may it be tiie laat! May 27. [ADVT.] 