EALES, ETC. EVELEEN REDGBEAVE; OB, THE BAERINGTONS OFBRABAZON HALL. CHAPTER III.—("Continued.) BT E. L. A. Bebwick. '•'"Why—I profess, my dear, I thouarht she looked pretty tolerably well," was the reply. " Then you were greatly and gravely mistaken, sir," said I. " She is not well, and unless you call in a physician to see her to-morrow, you will be guilty of a very great error, not to say a very great crime." " God ble.ss me, Eveleen !" *' I tell you my convictions honestly and bluntly, sir," I went on, heedless of the arrowy looks that were showered upon me, "in (he hope that you may be induced to yield to th<?m; not for my sake, but for Mary's and your own." " You do not mean to say that she is in danger, I suppose?" said Mrs. Barrington, in her sternest tone. " That would be too ridiculous," parroted Mrs. Barbara, with a little scornful laugh. " I do mean to say that my cousin is in danger—and in imminent danger, too, madam," replied I, boldly, "and your servant's insolence cannot make me change my opinion; although it does make me wonder at her master's forbearance and yours in not ordering her out of the room for presuming to behave in such a manner to one so closely connected to your family as I am. My cousin's danger, I repeat it, is great and pressing, and, if she is refused assistance, those who act so cruel a part must be an- werable for the consequences to God and man." This was strong language, and had its effect. There was a pause. My uncle it was who first spoke. "Well, Eveleen—well, my dear—eh, Mrs. Barrington ?—I suppose it is better— hey t—I should say now that it would be as well to indulge Eveleen, and to send for the doctor." . " You will do as you please, sir," was Mrs Barrington's kindly reply, as she arose and walked majestically out of the room, followed by her shadow. I had conquered, however. Left to himself, my uncle was as impressionable warm wax in my hands. I very soon thoroughly aroused hia fears. and left him quite as anxious to see a physician in his noise as I was. At an early hour the next day the doctor found his way to Mary's bedside, and after feeling her pulse, and tapping her chest— "sounding," he called it—until I thought he would have bruised her tender flesh (but Bcience has no feeling), he ordered her m?bs' milk, light diet, little medicine, and, in particular, " decided chnnge of air." In less than a week—her father's fears being now thoroughly aroused—she and were sent to a rural watering-place, where lodgings had been provided for us. And here: but as here commenced a new phase of life, which was attended with momentous consequences to both of us, the least I can do for it s to give it a fair start in a fresh chapter. CHAPTER IV. It was a season of great and unalloyed pleasure to Mary and to me to find ourselves untrammelled, isolated, and free to rove or rest as we pleased. At first, the greater part of the enjoyment fell to my share, however; for, although not positively prostrated by disease, my gentle dove's somewhat listless nature was rendered still more languid and dreamy by the indisposition whioh hovered over her, like a bird of prey watching for an opportunity to strike ; but to me, hardy and healthy as I was, novelty and freedom, those two genial handmaids to pleasure, were around and about me, making the present hours delightful, and brushing their balmy wings over the records of the past. To add to my cause of rejoicing, too, Mary's health changed decidedly for the better, and, before our first fortnight's sojourn was over, she had quitted her rustio Bath chair, and was able with me to wander along the sands of that sea whose breath oame to her laden with renewed health and increased beauty. I watohed the light steal back to her eye, and the colour to her cheek; and in my fantastic thoughts I imagined that the one caught the hues of the calm, cloudless, exquisite sky beneath which we strolled, and that the delicate bloom of the other was enamelled as the tender pink -of the sea-shells whioh we gathered on the beach, By-and-bye, as her strength increased, .our rovings became wider, •longer, and more excursive; but still our warmest attachment remained 'rooted to the •tore. Let me not be altogether despised, either, by eomeof,the.more sentimental of my anticipated readers, if I acknowledge wat occupation*-as well >as amusement and ttolination, prompted us to resort thither. We had brought with UB,ae our wole attendant, a maid of all work,-nai&ed; Bessy; we was thoroughly Irish, thoroughly ;natural, and one of the most affectionate uneophistiDated beings tthat ever lived. l amused Mary, and she was permitted to share our rambles, although she generally wandered away along the shore while we rested on a rock, or Mary >-at and watched my pencil, as I sketched a group of sailors or a skiff in the In these indenendent wanderings of hers, however, Bessy learned a new pursuit, and achieved an important triumph; at least what seemed no to her. She returned to us one evening, after we had waited for her a considerable time, flushed with heat, dimpling all over in smiles, and heavily laden with something or other in her basket, wh ; ch she hastened to assure us earnestly " they were all of 'em gathered by her own very hands." When her treasures were displayed they proved to be—cockles! but cockles may lead to romanc as well as much more important things; although when, led by Bessy as our pioneer, we occupied ourselves amusingly on several subsequent evenings in learning to scoop them from their sandy bed, we little surmised whither and to what consequences our industrial spirit of research was hereafter to lead. The shore on which we followed our new avocation was an unequal one, and consisted principally of saud- banks—large deposits of sand encircled by runlets of water, which were dry or nearly so when the tide wtfs out, but became suddenly full when it began to flow again. They were from their nature much sooner filled with water than the level strand, and, of course, than the sandbanks at whose base they ran. After a short time, we found out by experience that it was on these same sandbanks the largest and finest shell treasures were to be found; but, here, unfortunately, our information halted. We forgot altogether, in the ardour of our pursuits, that the sea was a treacherous element, rapid in its strides and relentless in its appetite; and so it happened one fine evening that, having purposely selected one of the highest and broadest of the banks as the scene of onr operations, we pursued our labours with all the persevering industry of a new excitement, and were only awakened from our dreams of pleasure and security by the horrified exclamation of the terrified Bessy of—" Good Lord! if the water hasn't gone and surrounded us, Miss Eveleen!" I laughed at the absurdity of her fears and exclamation at first, but when I advanced to her side and gazed at the cause of her terror I smiled no more. There, at our feet, rolled a watery gulf, which completely separated us from the strand beyond, and which itself was beginning also to show some symptoms of the returning tide. We stood and gazed, but there was no mistake about it; the predicament was evident; the peril not to be shunned or made light of; the waters flowed on, momently increasing in depth, and encircling us like the coils of a great serpent, glittering to look at but difficult to escape. I turned to Mary—Bhe was as pale as a ghost; I looked to BeBsy, she was wringing her hands in despair, and frantioally declaring that " we were all sure to be drowned, since what human creatures could ever hope or expect to cross such a sea of water as that ?" I rallied my senses and endeavoured to think what was best to be done; but the waves outran my meditations, and still flowed sullenly on, like conquerors who are sure of their victims, and enjoy their agonies before they strike the final blow. iflready the stream was unfordable at the particular point on which we stood; I rushed to another—deeper still; to a more distant one, but everywhere the watery barrier rolled on—a startling and impassabla obstacle between us and safety. I turned my agonised eyes again to Mary, and was astonished to hear her say, with a tranquil smile that seemed to transfigure her into an angel, "Don't look so tronbled, dearest Eveleen; if our time is come, it is God's will that it should be so, and His holy will must be our law, and accepted as suoh; it is not hard to die, after all, when—" • * Mother of mercy!" broke in the excited Bessy, ias she stared hopelessly into the foaming flood, and seemed in her despair to meditate a desperate rush into its boiling bosom—"Mother of mercy!" she cried, "what"are you talking about, Miss Mary ? It is hard to die—desperate hard; I don't care a pin who says other; and my poor grandmother wanting my little wages, and no on? •knowing where to find the corpse and give it a decent wake and respectable burying ! I'd swim across this mortal minute if I knew how—but that's the murder of it! Oh! if I was only an otter, or Tom Kelly, that can swim like one!" In point of fact, our situation was perilous enough. Every moment increased the danger; for now The sea perceptibly encroached on pur boundary, and at each influx reached nearer and nearer to our feet; wbile the level strand beyond the stream was already flooded,and the waters crept on and on, foaming and. tumbling as if in glee at having environed us. I was p •werless—nerveless—palsied alkibst. If I had been alone, I woiild have hazarded the adventure of 'endeavouring to cross the intervening bbatacle, formidable aa it looked; but Mfcry! X turned again 'towards her, and hfeheld her kaeeling on the sand engaged ib earnest prayer, from which she arose to throw IKereelf onto my arms. "We will die together—and thus,dearest cousin," Shi "MtiBittftetfrfo'^a. low and plaintive voice, withatouchaf tremour in it. -r, .• "No, you ^on't—you wpn't, Miss Mary —yon won't,. Miss Eveleen i Sorrow die we'll die this time with the blessing of God 1" again interjected Bessy in a livelier and more assured tone; "there's a boy coming for us—two, faix! Why, in the world don't they bring a ship, or a boat, or something ? Hallo! Make haste, for the love of mercy—make haste, boys, will ye, for dear life ! Can ye swim ? No matter— come across at any rote!" All these ejaculations, questions, and directions were addressed to two young men, v>ho had seen our danger, apparently, from the shore, and had witnessed our helpless efforts to escape from it. They were now deep in the flood, and hurriedly wading to our assistance, dressed as they were. Our fears and inexperience, probably, had magnified the peril, for the water did not, as yet, reach beyond the waists of our new allies, and in another moment they stood, high but not dry, beside us. "Who comes first?" said the youngest of them. "There is'no time to be lost, young ladies, for every instant increases your difficulty; but it will soon be over, if you keep a stout heart and trust solely to our efforts rather than your own. Do you, Alfred, look to that lack, and I will take care of this." "And me—who'll twko care of met" exclaimed Bessy, relating into terror at the idea of being left alone. " I won't stay here to be drowned, I tell ye! I'm not fit to die!—I won't die! Take me off on your back, or anyhow!" Hu h! my good girl," said the young man, laughing; "you shall be saved all in good time, aB well as your betters, I promise yoa. All in good time, though, and each in her turn. Now, young lady," he went on, addressing me, "place your hands firmly round my neck—do not stir or falter—and you will be safe in two minutes." " I thank you," said I to the young man, " but this poor girl is frightened more than I am. Have the kindness to take her across first, if you please, and I will await your return." "So be it," he said, good-humouredly, " since you will have it so; but first, Alfred, let me place this young lady so as to save her from being drenched more than can be avoided." " Good Lord! and Miss Mary so delicate and dawny and all!" exclaimed Bessie, returning to her senses now that relief was certain and salvation possible. " What in the wide world would the master say if he saw her now ?" " Delicate! are you delicate ?" asked the youth, gazing at her. " But no matter— Alfred here is taller than I am, and will manage to ferry you across without wetting the sole of your shoe. Don't tremble," he added, in a softened but cheerful voice; there is no sort of cause, I give you my honour. There, now, only be steady, and keep as quiet as a mouse." " I fear I am so—so heavy," faltered Mary, blushing deeply at her position, " You are as light as a bird, and I am as strong as a horse," replied the young man, Alfred, to whose care she had fallen. " I hardly feel your weight, I assure you. Now, George, we are ready; keep in my wake and I will pilot you." BesBy already had her hands clasped tightly around George's neck, and in another seend I stood anxiously watching them as they waded towards the shore. I could hearBessy's frightened remonstrances to " Take care, and not let her drop!" but dear Mary never uttered a word. At last, however, the shore was gained, and then a friendly contest ensued between our young preservers as to which of them should return for me. Apparently. Alfred, the taller and elder, gained the day, for it was he who again entered the water and dashed through it to my rescue. As he gained the now fast diminishing dry spot on which I stood, he said— "You have great courage for one so young." " You would not have said so had you seen me when I had only my own resources to trust to," I replied. "Yes, but I think you trembled for others rather than yourself," he rejoined. "However, this is not a time to compliment you on your spirit, but to prevent you from the necessity of again evincing it. I fear the increasing tide will prevent me from landing you as dry as your friends." " I fear nothing now that my cousin is safe," was my reply. " I only hope, sir, (bat you and your friend may not suffer by your generous efforts to relieve us-" "Tush! do not mention it," he said. " Salt water never injured anyone—unless, indeed, they were surrounded by it as you have been. Are you ready?" " Quite ready, I thank you. Tenderly and cautiously, as if I were an infant, he bore me aloft in his friendly arms, gallantly stemming the increasing, current, and managing, by what must have been a considerable effort, to preserve my garments nearly dry, and to keep his own footing at the same time. It was in vain I entreated of him to thirfciCBS P*IPC aod^awre of himself; he turned a deaf ear to my prayers, and persisted in his struggle until he had placed me safe by the side of my oouain. " There," he stud lightly, and without the least appearance of distress, as h? liberated me, " f congratulate you on your escape as nraoh as I congratulate my friend, and jnyself on having been fortunate enough to contribute to it. / But all is not over yet, and we must not do things by halves; the clouds threaten, and the iwaves advance. Having already played the part of champions, you mart permit us to intrude a little longer, andbeoame- your conductors as welL" He offered me his aim as he spoke, as did his companion to Mary, and thus escorted we made onr way once more to our temporary home; while Bessy followed in our train, blessing her own stars, wondering at our lucky escape, praising to the skies the spirit of our protectors, and frequently and fervently hoping that tVm'-elves or their clothes wouldn't be " spiled" by the salt water. " But youforgot your basket on the bank," said George, the younger and livelier of the two, to Bessy, laughing as he spoke. " Weary's on them for cockles !" was her reply; " but it's little trouble the basket gives me now that Miss Mary, and—and all of us is Bafe. If she doesn't take bad again, I don't care a pin for anything-." "You have been ill, then?" said the young man to Mary. "A little—but I am quite well again," she answered. " And how long will you remain so, miss, after such a day's" work as this, I wonder?" put in Bessy. ''There's no use in talking—" "Just so, Bessy," I said, quietly. "Let us hope that my cousin will escape the lesser daneer, as she has escaped the greater one; and in order to give her a better chance of doing so, now that we are near home, it will be well of you ti go on before us as quickly as you can, and—" " Get water for her feet, and a bowl of warm tay to welcome her—to Vie sure I will with all my veins I You think of everything, Miss Eveleen, I only wonder you forgot that weary basket of cockles yonder." So saying, she dashed forward at a run, leaving us to proceed at a soberer pace, which Mary's increasing and evident weakness obliged us to do. Meanwhile, the conduct and demeanour rf ouryoung attendants were just what they ought to bave been—courteous and kindly, without being in the lea-t intrusive, and quite as watchful over themselves as they were for us. " I hope you ai-e not seriously anxious about your cousin ?" said my conductor, as we approached the door of our lodgings. "She has been unwell," I answered, " but has almost recovered both her strength and spirits since we bave been here." "You do not reside here permanently, then?" "No. We have been staying here for the benefit of my cousin's health; our usual residence is at Brabazon Hall." " Mr. Barrington's ?" 1 ' Yes; you know my uncle ?" "No—not personally," he answered, with, a slight hesitation of manner; " but it so chanced that I have heard his name and house spoken of since—since I have been in Ireland, And now be good enough to say if there be anything more we can do for you," he added, as we stopped at our own door. " Your cousin, perhaps, may require the visit of a physician, and as country doctors are not always easily found, if you commission me I shall be happy to seek one." "Not to-night, thank you," I replied; "she is fatigued and a little frightened, but I trust a night's rest will restore her." "And you?—you do not think of yourself ?" "It is needless; I suffer nothing." " But you may do so." " I hope not," I said, smilingly; " and, at all events, sufficient for the day is the evil thereof. In the meantime, I hope you will hasten home and adopt some of the precautions which you recommend to us " " Oh, yes ! a dry suit is soon donned, and a hot supper easily eaten," he answered. " Our adventure will give George and me— toe are cousins, too—an excuse for a second glass of sherry negus, in order to discuss it properly. Come, George, let us say farewell for the present, in the hope that we may be permitted to-morrow to inquire after the health of those whom we have been privileged to assist to-day." . George had been, on his part, engaged m conversation with Mary, and now at the summons of his cousin he quitted her; although more than once he turned to tako another look at her exquisite and fairy-like loveliness, and to suggest some additional precaution against the possible consequences that might result from her exposure and affright. Yet there was nothing obtrusive or offensive in his warmth; his manner was ardent, but it was the natural ardour of youth, tempered by that perfect good breeding which never forgets the ' feelingB of others whilst indulging bis own. His cousin's manner was rather a contrast to this; it was marked by equal consideration, •but more of quietude and repose. 1Mb might be either the effect of temperament or wide £ but, at all .events, it was essentially differenl from that of his friend,' and as such I remarked it. ' At length, however, our farewells 1 were said, and I was allo wed to give my undivided attention to my tender ana delioste ohsrge, who smiled at my anxiety, although she jrfgubmittedto all I wished to do lor her. on are too anxious about me, dear Eveleen," she said, kissing me fondly with a lip that felt like softest velvet to the touch ; "I am not worth all the trouble I give on, although one little' "honr ago, I thought ! should never give ybii trouble more." _ "True, Maiy," 1 answered; '*«ynd I shall not soon forget ^-what a perfect iieroiato yon showed ynurwaf." • '"rl- " Did I? Oh, you Jest? I 'was vsiyanngi you were; only I thoaghtihat, young <and .had sot Jived dtesgr^W 1 oommit anucih' tin, Godwin mighth^ve seen soul's sake* it wast>etteri pjwn^^.flgp 1 