Religious Queensland Wesleyan Home Mission Society. THE annual meeting of this society was held in the Albert-street Wesleyan Church last Wednesday evening. The attendance was small, there being less than 100 persons present. Mr. W. Brookes occupied the chair. The Chairman, in bis opening remarks, said he took a deep interest in this society, and thought the proceedings connected with the district meet ings had a fitting close in Buch a meeting as this. In referring to the necessity of renewed energy in all branches of Christian work, he said he did not remember a time, during the twenty-eight years he had lived in the colony, in which the bad example and injurious influence of men in high places were so flagrant as at present The very men whom they had entrusted with the administration of tbe public affairs of this colony openly jeered at and derided everything con nected with religion. The desecration of the Lord'B Day was growing, and foremost amongst those assisting in this work of desecration were the men to whom they ought to be able to look as the pillars of our commonwealth. Rev. Robt. Allen (secretary) read the follow ing report:— The general committee of this society, in presenting their annual report, have to state that the income from all sources for the year ending September 30, 1880, is £142 12s. 6cL, which is a considerable increase on that of several preceding yean. This is doubtless due in some measure to the earnest advocacy of the society's claims by the chairman of the distriot during his official visita tion of the several circuit* of this colony. The committee desire to express their gratification at this result, and they trust thai an increasing interest will be taken iv relation to the object* and operations of this fund, so that they may be warranted in indulging the expectation of a steady progress year by year. It must be borne in mind that the highest aim of this society is the salvation of our own countrymen by the establishment of the ordinances of Divine worship in connection with the Weslevau Methodist Church through- i out this vast colony, and in order to accomplish this end it is necessary that the committee should have at their disposal a regular inorease in the annual income, so that they may be able to afford material help to struggling and neoasaitous circuits. By the Divine blessing upon the agencies of our Churoh, necessities are oreated for ministers, churches, and par sonages, and urgent appeals for aid are presented to this society every year. When it is taken imto consideration that a fearful amount of spiritual destitution exists in many parts of Queensland, that numbers of the early settlers are seeking more suitable homes for their families in new localities, and that immigrants from the old country are dispersing themselves throughout the oolony, the importance of a liberal support of this Home Mission Society will be readily acknowledged. The committee are anxious to make this something more than a mere contingent fund, and would therefore respectfully urge the exercise of greater attention and diligence in diffusing information respecting the society's operations, and in carefully canvassing every circuit, under the conviction that a regular augmentation of the society's funds might thus be secured. $It is matter for thankfulness and rejoioing that the Qreat Head of the Church has vouchsafed to us a mea sure of spiritual success during the year, resulting in a net increase of membership in the district of seventy four, with seventy-six on trial. The Oympie oircult has been specially blessed with increased spiritual life and prosperity, so that the office-bearers are in a position to ask for the appointment of an additional minister, a re quest the Distriot Committee have unanimously recom mended the conference to grant. The committee have pleasure in reporting the follow ing erections whioh have been completed during the past year:—Church at Toowong, cost £456 ; new vestry, Ips wich, cost £180; churoh, Tallegalla, Ipswich circuit, cost £60; new parsonage, Toowoomba, cost £502 ; new par sonage, Qympie, coat £500 ; and a parsonage purouased at Warwick, cost £337. Iv addition to the above, improvements have been effected on church property, as follows:— Albert-street parsonage, £60 ; Stanley-street churoh, £45 ; parsonage, £13; Warwick church, £35; Ipswioh church, £50; Charters Towers parsonage, £70; Pimpama church, £10. The following sums have been granted this year, namely:—Ann-street, £50 towards furnishing a second married minister's residence; Charters Towers, £35 towards circuit deficiency ; and Nerang, in the Pimpama circuit, £10 towards the erection of a churoh, on condi tion that it be opened free from debt loan fund. The loan fund has already rendered valuable service to our Church. The first year £1000 were loaned without interest, thus relieving the following trusts from the burden of debt: —Paddington, £100 ; Toowoomba, £450 ; Ipswich, £350 ; Rockhampton, £180; Brisbane (Ann-street), £350 ; West End, £20. The following applications for loans have been received and granted this year:—Townsville (church), £100, to be repaid in five years ; Oympie (parsonage), £150, to be repaid in six years. These details are given to show that the Weslevau Church is endeavoring, in connection with other Churches, to supply the country with the ordinances of religion, and to fulfil its original design in the spread of scriptural holiness throughout the land. In conclusion the committee earnestly commend this society to the favorable consideration and hearty support of the Wesleyan community throughout the colony, in the hope that, under the Divine blessing, it may be made a still more effective means in the sustentation and extension of our Churoh work. Rev. R. Sellobs (treasurer) having read the balance sheet, Rev. F. T. Brentnaix moved, — That the report now read be adopted, and that this meeting offers its thanks to Almighty God for the measure of success with which He has crowned the otforts of the Wesleyan Church in this colony during the past year ; and earnestly prays that in order to greater usefulness we may be favored with a more abundant out pouring of the Holy Ghost He stated that the melancholy news which had been received that afternoon of the sudden death in Sydney of Mr. John Dawson, who had been his oldest Australian friend, and an earnest worker in *,he Methodist Church, had rendered him quite unfit to make a speech. He thought the operations of the society during the past year were of an encouraging nature, and was sure if they determined not to relax their efforts, and looked to the great Head of the Church for assistance, that even greater success would attend their labors in the future. Mr. C. Fletcher seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Rev. R. Sellobs moved— That thU meeting cheerfully recognises the great assist ance which this society renders to all the interests of Methodism in this land, more especially in the establish ment and maintenance of the ordinances of religion ; and in view of the urgent spiritual wants, both in town and country, pladges itself to a steady and generous support of its funds. He gave an account of the visit which he, as chairman of the district, had recently made to the northern circuits, and spoke highly of the satis factory state in which he found matters con nected with the Wesleyan Church iv that |>art if the colony. He also alluded to tho refuruuet-o which had been nude in Patrli-unent to iniuioUr* oi religion as belonging to the lowest grade* of society, and spoke earnestly on the necessity that exists for prayerful work on the part of Christians. Mr. G. RoqeKs, in seconding the resolution, also referred to the way in which religious matters were treated by those in authority, ex pressing the opinion that the Church generally had not bo much to fear from those without its pale as from those who occupied high positions within it, and lent their countenance to those who were its enemies. The resolution was put and passed. Mr. C. M. Foster moved, and Rev. R. Allen seconded, the following resolution, which was also passed :— That the thanks of this meeting are hereby presented to the members of the committee, to all the officers of the sooioty, and to the collectors, for their valnable ser vices during the past year ; and that the following gen tlemen, with all the ministers of tho district, form tbe committee for tbe ensuing year, namely—Messrs. C. M. Foster, N. Lade, J. A. Lavis, J. Crowther, E. Campbell, J. Fox, C. Fletcher, T. F. Merry, A. Rutledge, G. Rogers, n. Jordan, F. Curnow, J. Lord, O. J. Bourne, J. Potts, , T. A. Noble, M. Mcl lor, and R. Aland. The Rev. R. Bellors and Mr. N. Lade to be treasurers of the Home Mission Soc'ety, and Messrs. J. Lord and C. Fletcher treasurers of the Loan Fund, and Mr. G. J. Bourne secretary. A vote of thanks having been accorded to the chairman, the meeting closed. 