\- VARIETZES. As Upstart-Beginning to .prosper: How' to` mark table-linen-- Upset: the gravy. WHAT the cabbage' said- to the cook " My heart.is thine.' " I ar afraid you: will come to want,' said a ladyto her daughter.: "1:I have come. to want already,', was the reply; t-'I want a nice young man :" " IF," said an Irishl apotlhecary, ' you find three tumblers of whisky-ppuich disagree with you over-night, doh't take -'emn till next day, and then leave 'em off entirely."' WHEN does ai aldermnan resemble a 'ghost in a tree ?--When he's a gobblin, up a hash; FoR PEisoNS OF NERVE. -" Try- our two shilling .tea; good, pure, and. of Samson-like strength," is the recommendation of.a grocer in a small Yorkshire village. SHE :".So you are anxious to fulfil every wish . I may express ?"-He : '! Yes, my adored one, everyzone, iIthout _an.excp tion '"- She :o" Then marry my mother she is a widow I" A SCHEOOLMASTER said of- himself, "-I aim like a hone ; I sharpen a number of blades,' but I wear myself in doingit : - "A REAL gentleman," said 'an -Irishman one day, ,' is one that never earned a haporth for himself or anyone belonging to him." A GENTLE Quaker had two. horses, a very good and a very poor one.. When seen rid. iug the latter, it: turned. out? that 'his better half had taken' :the good one. `', What l" said a sneering.' bachelor, " how' comes it that you let your wife ride the better horse?" The only reply was: " Friend, when thee be married thee'll kow." MARK Twain says, " I'veyseeni slower peo ple than I am, 'and more' deliberate people than I am, and even quieter, and 'more list less, and lazier people than I am. But they were dead.", ? , " GOVERsNEs Es sliodld-never' be urequired to do low, menial work,': said a gentleman. " Certainlyenot, but they frequently aspire to the hiienial," replied i lady. As homeward comes the married man, He's met by wife at door, With fond embrace' and.loving kiss, And-" Baby's throat is sore." TmE day before a Turkish girl is married she is taken to tie:bath of her lady friends, and lumps :of sugar are: broken over: her head as a forecast of the sweets of matri mony.. A year or so afterwards her. husband breaks the siigar- bowl'overher her ad. A ti EiDs man boight. spring chicken in the market the other morning,' ahd iow' he thinks the reason that it was called spring chickenis because it will take him till next spring to carve it, unless .he .uses nitro-gly -cerine. " THE Lord loveth a cheerful giver ;" but theres io iise chucking a copper cent into the contribution box loud' enough to niake the folks oni thdback seat to think the com munion-iervicd had: tumbled off thealtar I PEDESTRIAN "(Who has. dropped half-a crown in front of .the Blind");.;!" Why, you, confounded humbug, .you're, not blind I" Beggar " Not I, sir.l If, the card says I am,r they must have given me the wiong one. I'm deaf aid dumb !" AN old lady, living on the banks of the Merrimac, remarked theb other day; " It's queer what a lot of' remedy for snake-bite the men:take with 'em when they go a-fishing now-a-days. The snikes never trouble 'em, but they never 'briig home any of the remedy." OLD Lady to Taxidermist; "You can see for yourself; man'; you only 'stuffed my poor parrot in thessummer, and here's his feathers tumbling -out beforeyour- yes" ,-Taxider mist : "Lor' bless ye, 'm, that's the triumph of our art. We stuffs 'em that natural as they moults in their proper season!'! " You can't do that again," as the pig said when the boy cut off his tail. " WHAT is wisdom 1" asked a teacher of a class of small girls. A'- bright-eyed little creature arose and answered, "-Information of the brain." AN old lady read in her paper :-" An other -African explores recently died in Ugogo." 'l And still they'llgo, go to -that darksome land,'" she said. THEns isn'a: much difference- between a grasswidow and a grasshopper, after all. Either will jump at the first chance. " SAY Jann," asked.one loafer bof inother, " is the quality of the soup which you get at these free lunches in proportion to the cheapness?" " Oh, no; I must say it is good- for nothing." " No living thing can. go: slow as a boy going on an errand." This is true if we ex cept the youth who has been?" wagging"" it from school and knows that his daddy is waiting for him at home in order to inter view him'on the subject. " MA," said a little urchin, peeping be neath the:bed-clothes, " Pm cold; I want more clothes on the bed." " Lie still my dear," said the' mother, " till' your sister comes home from church; she's got the counterpane for an adjustment." WHEN you see a woman balancing herself on one foot, kicking the other wildly out be hind her, and skilfully swooping up in her hand a fantail train, don't be alarmed ; she isn't going to have a fit-she is about to cross a twelve-inch gutter, A MeosT worthy man, unaccustomed to public speaking, being suddenly called upon to address a Sunday school, rose to his feet, and, after vainly struggling for utterance,. at last hoarsely muttered, "Dear children, don't' ever play with powder." : HE appeared to be almost gone. Rolling his eyes toward the partner of his bosom, he gasped, ".Bury me 'ncath the weeping wil low, and plant a simple white rose above my head 1" "Oh; it's no use," she snapped out. "Your nose would scorch the roots l" He got well.' "THIS cremation I do not approve of," said a thin married lady; the other day to her companion. ' Fancy being .burned into ashes, and put uplike preserves in a jar ! Besides, When I die, I' want to be able to come back, and haunt my husband if he ever marries again !" A YvOUxr gentleman lately said to a little urchin,who.was loitering about his premises without invitation, "Young man, clear out, begone, slope,, march, disfranchise yourself, evacuate, disperse, disgorge, cut, be off." "At which the boy, suspecting his meaning, said, " If you don't want me here, why don't tell me to go home, and be done with it " . A "P ARVgNU " has a son twelve years old. The child, who has beeu well brought. up, is in the habit of speaking to" the old family valet with a certain degree of respect. One day his father takes the boy aside, and says to him, " George, you are now large enough to be a little less polite to the servants 1" " WHAT is the meaning of a backbiter ?" asked a gentleman at a Sunday school ex' amination. This was a puzzler. It .went down the class until it came to a simple urchin, hlio said, " Perhlaps it is a flea." UXIQsUEnEsS of expression is a' great art" To say a great deal in a few wo~ds is' some- thing not easily learned. ; Here is an examni ple, however, of putting an obituary .notice into the shortest possible space : 'Twas a cough " That carried bim off ; 'Twas a coffin They carried him off in.,::: , 'A 'AAIrous member.of the church, militant' was Narvaez, the Spaniard. As Ihe was about to die, the priest asked, " Do you for give your enemies l"'-" 1 hivdn't: any," said the soldiert " I shot thoemall" ' THAT quaint and original genius, Samuel '! LI. Clements- Mark Twain-told a story at his own expense while breakfasting with a journalistic friend, which is too good to be lost, and.which, by. his consent, is now pub lished for the first time. There had been some talk at table about General' Grant's 'banquet,;when Mr. Clements'remarked :with a' smile and his peculiar. drawl, " Speaking of banquets reminds me of rather, an amus ing incident that occurred to me during my stop in smoky, dirty, grand old London. I received an 'invitation to attend a banquet .there, .and I went.. It was one of those tremendous, dinners where there are .800 to 900 Tinvited guests I hadn't been used to that sort of "thinlg, and I didn't feel; quite at home. 'When we took our seats at the tables I noticed that at each plate ..was a little' plan of the hall, with the iosition of each guest :numbered, so that one could :see ata: .glindco 'liere. a friend .was seated by learning the number.' Just before we fell to-some one- the Lord Mayor, or, whoso ever': waslbossing' the' 'ocasion,. arose and began to read a list of those present. .No 1, .Lord So-and-So; No. 2. the Duke of some thing or other, and so on. 'Whei .tiis in dividual read the name of some prominent 'political: ýbharacter or literary celebrity, it would be 'greeted with more or less ap plause. The individual who .was reading the names did so in'so monotenous amanner that I became tired, and began looking about for something :to engage my attention. ' I fouind the gentleman next to me on : the right a well-informed personage, and:.I entered into, conversation with him. I had never seen him before, but he. wiis'a good 'talker and enjoyed it. Suddenly, just as he was 'giving his views upon the future reli gious aspect of Great. Britain, our ears were assailed by a deafening storm of applause. Such a clapping of hands I never heard before. ' It sent the blood into my head with a rush, and I got terribly excited. ' I straightened up and commenced clapping my hands-with all my might. I moved about in my chair and clapped harder and harder.' Who is it,' I asked the gentleman on my right. ' Whose name did he read ' 'Samuel L.- Clements,' 'he answered.. I stopped: applauding. I didn't clap any more. It kind , of took the life out of me, and I sat. there like a mimmy, and ,didn't even. get up and bow. It was one of the most' distressing fixes I ever got into, -nd it will he many a day before I' forget it." C.Ohiago Tnes. . 