HE WANTED TO BE AN - ACTOR. A citiibn, whoie best weight never ex oaads 120 pounds, was the other day buy ing a oeuulo of hens of a farmer on the market, and bafore the bargain was con cluded, the two became quite friendly, and the farmer said he had something on his mind to communicate. One of hia boys had a passion for theatricals and was de sirous of becoming an actor. The idea was so strong on him that he had become worthless round the farm, and tho father was in a peek of trouble to know how to turn the boy's attention from the footlights to tbe plough-handles. ''Spose I soud hia to you, 'aposo you mako fun and ridicule him and let him see how fealish it is?' suggested the father, tind tho citizen agreed. As a result oE thoir planning tho boy walked into tlie citizen's placc of business oa Congve3s-streot east next morning. The father had called him a boy, but he weighed about 1G0 pounds, stood nearly six leet high, and ho hud a pair of bands as large aa the chromo of tho Yoiemite Valley. His arrival was ex pected, and after a few words about the weather, tho citizen queried : ' So you think you would make an uotor, eh?' . ' Yes, I kinder think s»,' was the reply. ' TJThat line would you take ?' ' Woli, I kinder like tragedy.' ' Tragedy ! Why, you oouldu't guoosed in tragedy I Look at your hands ! Look at those feat ! Rsmembar your voioe ! You'd be hisBed off the stags. Don't never think ol tragedy.' , ' How woald I do ia a drama,' askod the boy. ' Not at all ; in thejfirst place yout ears ere too large. Titan your heeti stick ont too far. Thun your hands would hide hall the other actors. Dou't try the drama, lor you will be a dead failure.' ' Could I do anything in somddy ?' ' Not a thing. The sight of yoa in comedy would ba the Bame as the Bigkt oij a he&rao; on tha stage. All the laoioal ex pression you have is behind your ears.' ' I've thought some of being a nigger minstrel,' observed the boy, alter a long silenos. ' That's the worst ot all. I tell yon, boy, you'd better stick to tho farm. You are not out out lor an aotor, and you want to- drop . tbe idea.' ' Couldn't I aot as usher?' ' No, sir ; you are too stiff in the knees.' ' Couldn't I take tiokets ?' ' Never ! Your hands are too big lor that work.' ' Couldn't I shift soenga ?' 14 No. You are too big aud unwieldy/' There was a long and painful Bilenoo. Then the boy rose up and said : ' Well, I'm bound to go into theatricals. If I oan't be anything elso I'll be. tho' feller that atandB at the door to raise a, row, and I'll begin on you I Come over here 1' Ho hauled the adviser over the table, olutohed him by the Bmall of the baok, ( and spun him around, slammed him | agujnat the wall and dropped him to get: I a better hold. When the curtain rose on the next act thera was a utrictly private conversation going on between Hamlet and the GhOBt, and the Ghost's coat was ! ripped up the back and his collar torn open. Then Hamlet suddenly demanded in a loud voice : 'Caitiff! do you declare that I cannot aot?' Then tho Ghost dodged around tho tablo and replied : 'No, I don't! You are all right— you are a splendid aotor— vou can't help but win 1' ' ' And you'll tell mo father so f ' ' I will— jou bet I will !' 'If you don't ? 1' Here Hamlet took thKo steps forward, two baok, scowled his ilerceac, and the GhoBt jumped behind the atovo and vowed he'd even pay 60 dolB. for a private box en tho night of the lUbut. ''JL'is well!' said Hamlet, and he went over on the market to see if he could sell three peoks of onion setB for cash down.— ?Detroit Frte Press. A man stabbed another with a pair of Boinsors reoently in Brooklyn; It is always dangerous to interrupt a person who is writ ing editorials. I 165. 