HOW TO CHEER THE PASTORS. The firstthing I shall say is, " Let those who are not pastors get the chapels filled." You say, " This is the pastor's business." I say, "No." The common theory is, " First build a good chapel, next get a good pastor to fill it." Against this I most cordially protest. The pastors to fill the chapels ! How f You may perhaps remember the plan adopted by the holy William Grimsh&w; for filling Haworth Church. It is said that when he had read the Morning Service, he would give out along psalm, then slipping away, armed with a horse-whip of uttermost virtue, he would visit all the public-houses, where he would apply it with swift, lively, and startling vigor, and so would drive out the astonished clowns before him to help fill the church. But though I admire his evangelic ecstasy, and confess to feeling a certain charm in his modus of expressing it, I fear that, even if sanctioned by law, it was hardly accordant with the genius of the gospel. Besides, we are not all Grimshaws. Dismissing this plan as inadequate, show me "amore excellent way." The general answer to my demand is sure to be this, " You have only to preach the gospel, and every chapel will be filled." Will it ? " Good preachers are sure to get good congregations." Are they ? An eminent writer in another land, speaking about universities and of the importance of getting the chairs filled by the best men, says, if you do so students will be sure to come, for, "you have no need to advertise the squirrels where the best nuts are to be found." Ah ! but men are not squirrels. Squirrels know what is good for them. The little ants know where to get their grains. The birds never make any mistake about the berries. " Yea, the stork in the heaven knoweth her appointed timeB; and the turtle, and the crane, and the swallow observe the time of their coming; but my people know not the judgment of the Lord." If men were what they ought to be, that is, if they were right, they would soon findout the good preachers and fill the chapels; but our very reason for preaching the gospel to them is that they are not right. Recollect that. What is a pastor % Some Christians really seem to think that the word pastor means evangelist! No! every Christian here should be an evangelist, and "every one that heareth " is to ray " Come." It is no gain, but a great loss, to turn a pastor into an evangelist only, instead of prizing him for what he is. A pastor after God's own heart is a man who feeds the veople with knowledge and understanding. A pastor is a man who " feeds the church of God, which He hsis purchased with His own blood." A pastor is a man who answers to the description in Christ's charge to Peter. John Newton wisely says in Eclectic Notes, "That charge is about feeding rather than gathering. It is not gather, but feed My sheep, feed My lambs." Among the methods of teaching and nurturing souls so as to feed them, I give the primacy to exposition ; that is, to patient, plodding, ur.ceasing labor to pray out, think out, and speak out what God really means in His Word, and this, in the first instance, is not likely to gather the multitude. It is for the pastor to feed ; it is for you to gather. It is for him to clear away the stones and the veiling leaves from the waters; it is for you to say, " Ho, every one that thirsteth, let him come to the waters and drink." It is for him " to give every one a portion of meat in due season;" it is for you to " go into the streets and lanes of the city," and by such sweet and loving compulsion as the Holy Spirit prompts, to compel strangers to come in. Evangelise, evangelise, evangelise! but aim first at filling your own "place of solemnities," and then, with God's blessing, your own pastor's work there will make more evangelists. Allow me to add, that even you must not be always at evangelistic work. If you are young, you very especially need a fair tron in the advantage of being under pastoral teaching in order to do that work well. You must absorb before you radiate; take in before you give out; or else, not being well taught, we shall here and there find that some lamb of your company has become the bosom friend of some wolf or other in sheep's clothing, and that some have become like some of the Karens, who were lately such flaming but untaught evangelists, but who are now led captive by the Ritualist at his will. You ardent young men, storming along with an irresistible passion for usefulness, quite leaving the ministrations of a wise pastor, that you yourselves may convert the world, take care that the world doeB not convert you. First, get spiritually instructed, then make known the gospel in the best way you can, and by ] all natural and all divine ways, "by pureness, by knowledge, by long-suffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned, by the word of truth, by the power of God," bring the people into the beautiful Gospel Halls that we are building year after year, then help us to pray for the Almighty life out of heaven, by which they maybe born again. To cheer the pastors, let every one be carefvl as to what he thinks and says on the subject of pastoral success. This is a fast age, when men are inclined to think that the lightning is too slow, and the thunder not loud enough. It is a commercial age, when " perpetual commerce is creating (a stockbroking habit, the habit of asking each man, thing and institution, ' Well, what have you done since I saw you last " It is at the same time an age of excitement, when people crave for the stimulus of a spasmodic, sensational religion, and are ready to imagine that in religious affairs at any rate the engine is doing most work when the steam is most blowing off. The best pastors are great sufferers from these tendencies of the age. Some members of our churches discourage the man who edifies, by leaving him for the man who only shouts the gospel ABC, and in doing so they actually think that they show all the rare spirituality and the higher life. They discourage the pastor by holdingup to him as the true standard some preacher who preaches to the nerves, and who therefore, to use a theatrical phrase, "fills the house." They discourage the pastor by expecting him to show, in proof of his success, the kind of immediate effects that are very likely to follow the work of an evangelist—such as many clear and definite cases of conversion under his ministry. Conversion is all they understand by success. The good man longs for it more than they do. He is ready to say to his people in Rutherford's language, "My witnesBisin heaven that your heaven would be two heavens to me, and the salvation of you all as two salvations to me." He is right to feel this, yet it must be remembered that conversion is not the stopping point but the starting point of the Christian life, that the pastor was specially to deal with that life after that starting point, and that success in this kind of dealing never can be tabulated. The common idea of success is that it is something countable, and something that vitally includes sensation. But all success is not the same success ; we may apply to its glory the principle expressed in the words, " One glory of the sun, another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars, and one star diflereth from another star in glory." Let us be sure that we mean what God means by success. Somewhere, I cannot now tell where, I have heard of a case like this: a deacon was speaking to a visitor about his pastor's want of success. No doubt he had often reminded his pastor of the same with much condolence. " Well," said the visitor, " what is the proof'!" " Proof ? why, last year only one person joineil the church!" "Sir, who was that oneP" <' I don't know." " You must know—what was his name P" He looks into the church book, and find that the name of the man who waa the only one added is " Egbert Moffatt." Then said the other, "Sir, when you added tbat man to your church you added generation upon generations, and yet you have been making your pastor's life bitter by the dismal toll of that statistical complaint— 1 Only one.'" Do you know what they once rang the bells of heaven for 1 It was over the conversion of one sinner, only one, and it was there reckoned to be such a great success that it made joy in the presence of the angels.—From "Homilies on Christian Work, by Charles Stanford, D.D. 