Facts and Fancies. "A littlle nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men."—Hudibras. THE numerous members of the mosquito and house-fly families— are visiting their usual summer resorts. An LrishtOMrreturned from bis travels gallantly compared hia landlady to Vesuvius, because "she> was a fine old crater.' 7 Sympathy.—Epicur ub : *Tr*ah! 0, good gracious, Mivintt, that last oyster was—ugh t" Butler (witb feeling): "T-t-t-t—dear me! Coriwd, sir?" In giving geography lessons down East a teacher asked a boy what State be live* in, and was amntttd at the reply drawled through the> boy's flow," A state of sin and misery." A cotlottM, while holding an inquest on a body, summoned eighteen women, and made them tell their ages, and now his midnight dreams are in terrupted by folks shooting through his doors. The Trustee Trade.—" What trade would you like to be brought up to, my son V asked a gentle* man of a boy. "The trustee trade, 'cause ever since pa has been a trustee we've had pvddin' for dinner." "WnXi you please insert this obituary notice f asked so okl gentleman of an editor. " I mahat bold to ask it bemuse I know the deceased had a' great many friend* around here who'd be glad to hear of his death." The Old Apple.—A man wrote to a scientific friend that he had an apple which he had pre served for fifty years, and on being requested to forward it for inspection he replied that he could not, as it was the apple of his eye. A MlOk who was seen coming out of a Texas* newspaper offiw with a split nose, with one ey* and with one ear, explained to a policeman that he entered the office simply to enquire if the editor was in. "And he was in," the victim mournfully added. Bono called to account for the statement that a certain meeting was " a large and respectable one/ when only one other person beside him* self was present, a reporter insisted that what he had set down wa« literally true ; " for," said he, "I was large and the other man respeotable." " No real generous man," remarks an exchange, " would go to a spiritual seance given by a lady medium, and just as the ghost i* walking about (while the medium is tied in the cabinet), exclaim: * There's a rat right by the ghost.' It spoils the effect to have the ghost yell and gather up it* skirts and run." At a Methodist conference meeting in New York a man got up and said he had long wished to speak, but his wife wouldn't let him. flis wife had died, however, and having his liberty at last he proposed to exercise it. In about two minutes the entire conference bemoaned the death of the lady as the loss of a personal friend. Scmntotc Farming.—A noble lord, in conver sation with his gardener one day, said: "George, the time will soon come when a man will be able to carry the manure for an acre oi land in one cf his waistcoat pockets." To which the gardener replied : "I believe it, sir ; but he will be able to carry all the crop in the other pocket." Tox Moore, observing himself to be eyed by two handsome young ladies, enquired of a friend who was near enough to hear their remarks what it was they said of him. " Why, the taller one observed that she was delighted to have bad the pleasure of seeing so famous a personage." "Indeed!" said the gratified poet, "anything more ?" " Tes; Bhe said she was the more pleased because she had taken in your celebrated * Almanac' for the last five or six years I" "Silence is Golden."—Anxious mamma (to her brother- in-law, who is also the family doctor): "By-the-by, Alexander, I'm so glad you've come ! I wanted to talk to you about baby. I can't understand why he doesn't speak yet. Surely he ought to by this time!" Alexander: " Weel, ye see, Ann, ye just talk the vara highest o' IngUsh, an' my brither John, again, he just talks the vara braidest o' Scotch ; an' the puir bairn, ye see, it hasna just made up its mind which side o' the house it'll just tak till" A certain member of Parliament, who owned extensive estates, was spending a few days at the residence of a noble family. There were several interesting and accomplished young ladieß in the family to whom the honorable member showed every attention. Just as he was about to take leave the nobleman's wife proceeded to consult him upon a matter which, she alleged, was caus ing her no little distress. "It is reported," said the countess, " that you are to marry my daugh ter Lucy, and what shall we do ? What shall we say about it ?" " Ob," responded the considerate M.P., " just say she refused me 1" A Reflection.—A Danbury manufacturer, while in Philadelphia the other day, Baw in a hotel a man approaching directly towards him. At the same time he was moving towards the stranger. He stepped on one side and found the stranger doing the same. 'Then he stepped in an opposite direction, but the stranger did the same. Be approached nearer, and in some vexation said : "Go away, can't you ?" and then saw he was exhibiting an admirable reflection of himself. This is not a remarkable occurrence ; in fact it is a frequent happening; but the point we desire to make is that in every case the victim is a man. And the reason a man is caught that way is simply because he has so little to do with a mirror that when he does see a reflection of him self he naturally fails to recognise it. Ahem ! - Hints to the Marines.—lt must be thought that mariners know nothing of wine because they are willing to accept "any port in a storm." There is no hair to be found on the masthead ; the mast is one of the bare polls which the ship ■ends under in a storm. The bite of a rope you may find, to your sorrow, has a smart taste, if you take it that it means a mouthful. Don't ask the first mate why he has the sails " set" and the rigging " standing." It also would be im prudent to enquire the time of day by the larboard watch. The boatswain's pipe will not be lent you to smoke. It in not necessary that you learn the art of self-defence in order to "box" the compass. Don't imagine that you can steer a boat because you have been a tiller of the soil. You need not be afraid of getting shot because it is " blowing great guns." The cook does not kindle hia tire with chips from the ship's log. The best way to learn what sea life is, is to go to Bea for yourself ; by » sun of the sea for a season. 