TOWN TALK. Itcuter telegraphs that a large meeting has been held at Waterford, Ireland, in sym pathy with the land agitation, at wllieb many seditious speeches were delivered, Mr Farnell, who was present, accusing the Government of conspiring against the rights of Ireland. President Hayes has recom mended to the United States Congress that the public debt should be refunded, and issued at a lower rate of interest than it bears at present. The Chinese Government is taking steps to strengthen its navy. Last evening a public meeting was held in the Free Library, with regard to the super annnation of Mr Cook, the late head teacher of the Cowie's Creek State school. Kesolu tion3 were passed, expressive of regret that Mr Cook had been ejected, and a protest waa lodged against the ejectment; and, also, for the purpose of having the facts of the case brought under the notice of the Minister of Education. Mr Chas. Andrews took great trouble to explain that the meeting had not been convened in any hostile political spirit, but the meeting was addressed only by members of the conservative association, viz., Messrs C. Andrews, G. M. Hitchcock, D. Hamilton, and B. Hoare. It was incidentally mentioned, at the special meeting of the Council last evening, by Ithe Mayor that the Custom House re serve, fronting the beach, between Moora bool and Yarra streets, was advertised to be sold on the 4th January. The Mayor thought that steps should bo taken to prevent the land being disposed of, as the frontage to the bay was required by the public. It wa3 agreed that the Town Clerk should write to the Government protesting against the sale of the land, and Mr Johnstone, M.L. A., pro mised to bring the matter under the notice of the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Lands, with the view of stopping the con" templated sale of the property, which is at present a reserve. Ameeting of theCommun naFeinneSoeiety was held at the Union Club Hotel last even ing, there being a largo muster of members. It was unanimously resolved to hold the 25th annual gathering on the 1st January, 18S1. Tho programme of sports was revised, and it will bo in the hands of the printer in a few days. As the society has now been in exis tence over a quarter of a century, numerous expressions of congratulation have been re ceived, and it is anticipated that tho 25th anniversary will excel all its predecessors. Mr J. M. Anderson was appointed hon. secre tary. Tho Geelong Board of Advice hold a meeting yesterday. JThere were present Messrs Andrews (chairman), Upton, Traill, Davison, antl Garratt (correspondent). A letter from Mr Link, head teacher of school No. 2(>0, was read, complaining of tho incor rect report of last meeting of the Board which appeared in tho local papers. Tho correspondent was requested to reply ex plaining the cause of tho inaccuracy. Another letter was read from tho Educa tion Department in reply to the report of the Board requesting repairs arid alterations to various schools. Tho letter intimated I that the repairs and alterations would be attended to as soon as reported on by tho Inspector of Works. The report of the truant officer was received, and several glaring cases of non-attendance were recommended and approved by the Board for prosecu tion. A meeting of the Farmers' Union took place at the Princo ot Wales Hotel last Saturday. Present - Messrs M'Master (chairman), Madden, Underwood, Lane, Rollins, Parsons, Mcihell, Sach, and Craike. After the minutes of the previous meeting had been read and confirmed, an interesting paper was read by one of tho members, on the "culture of maize as a fodder for working horses." Mr Craike then spake, and gave an instance of the beneficial effect of the use of sulphur in dispersing caterpillars from paddocks at tacked by those insects. A branch office will be onened at the Melbourne Exchange Buildings from to-day for the receipt and transmission of tele grams. Last evening, at the Newtown Town Hall, the members of the Newtown and Chilwcll Fire Brigade, mustered in force, to present Captain Nicholls, who commands the Bri gade with a testimonial of their eBteem. The testimonial took the form of a very ex cellent portrait of Captain Nicholls himself, in uniform, elaborately executed from a photograph, in oils, by the Melbourne artist Flintoff. The likeness is a very faithful oho. Nearly all the members of the Brigade attended upon the occasion. Mr Begley, the Treasurer, presented tho testimonial on behalf of the brigade, and made ah ap propriate address. Captain Nicholls, in accepting it, remarked that the token was quite unexpected, and at the conclusion o£ his speech invited the brigade to drink his health, an invitation which was warmly responded to. This was followed by several other toasts, which were duly honored. Tho testimonial will be exhibited to-morrow in Mr Franks' window. Tho barometer was falling all along tho coast yesterday, from Albany to Cape Howe, with generally cloudy weather sea ward. A special meeting of the Town Council was held last evening; present-tho Mayor, Aid. Aitchison, Jones, Couves, and Martin, and Crs. Price, Kcrley, Sommers, Strong, Reeves, Tully, and Johnstone. A letter was read from the corporation contrac tor, B. Grogan, for the emptying of cesspits, throwing up his contract, and agreeing to forfeit his deposit of £10 and all moneys due to him. On the motion of Aid. Jones, se conded by Cr. Tully, the contract was an nulled, and fresh tenders ordered to be called for, provision being made in the mean time for the nightmen's work to be carried out. An unfortunate teamster bringing wool to Geelong from the Western Diatrict hasearned the indignation of some of the religiously inclined people who were patrolling Moora bool-street in South Geelong on Sunday afternoon. The teamster brought his wagon and;horses through the streets to town, in order to provide his horses with fodder and water. This action appears to have given offence, and the matter was reported to the police with the view of the offender being punished for driving through the town on a Sunday. This is carrying the observance of tho Sabbath to extremes, and it is a matter worth the consideration of those persons who indulge in the practice of driving through the town on pleasure bent. Shopkeepers and others may be cautioned about the spurious coins of the realm at present in circulation. During tho past week a number of counterfeit shillings havo been successfully " put away " amongst tradesmen and tho general public. On a close examination the shillings, which are dated " 1S73," will be found made of a softened metal which does not produce the ringing sound of the genuine coin. The spurious shillings are easily passed at night time. Whilo boating on the river on Sunday a party of young men observed a dead fish of unusual size floating on the surface of the water. They secured it and concealed it on the bank until yesterday morning, when they again visited tho place, and, bringing the tish into town, gave it into tho posses sion of Mr Swift, secretary to tho Fish Acclimatising Society. The fish, which was found in the vicinity of the Albion Woollen Mills, proved to be a splendid perch weighing about 31bs. It had evidently been dead for some days, as its flesh was slightly decom posed and mutilated by water-rats. How ever, its presence in the river is an ad ditional proof that the work of acclimatisa tion goes bravely on, and that our streams will ere long prove attractivo and profitable to the skilful angler. Cornelius O'Shca, one of the two men who aro accused by Bridget Sparrow of having maltreated her at Lismore lately, has been arrested and brought in from Lismore. Tho other man is still at large. Cornelius O'Shea is at present in the gaol, and will probably be brought up at the Police Court here on Friday next. Late on Sunday night, a man named Michael Costcllo, a laborer residing at Mar 8halltown, was treated at the Hospital for a wound in the nose he had received by a bite from a dog. Yesterday, there were three patients attended to at the Institution, namely: Martin* Mulconry, a boy Jiving in Little Malop-street, dislocation of the wrist John Leahy, aged IS, from Port Henry, laborer, wound of forehead from a blow with a stone ; and Michael Driscoll, a laborer, of Geelong, suffering from a splinter in the finger. t On Sunday afternoon a recent teetotaller was observed in an apparently half- drunken state going from one hotel to another at South Geelong soliciting drink: The publi cans iu that locality were observing the law strictly, and to their credit refused to servo him. The excited individual, howover, caused a little stir in some places by threa tening the hotelkeepers. Yesterday, at tho Police Court, before tho Mayor and Mr Pardey, J.P., a charge against Margaret Hurrell, for lunacy, was remanded till Wednesday to admit of medi cal examination. One inebriate was dis charged with a caution, another was fined 10s, and au old offender, named Elizabeth Morgan, was sentenced to pay a fine of 30s, or undergo ono month's imprisonment for drunk and disorderly conduct late on Satur day night at Newtown. The exertions which are being put for ward to organise a Sailing regatta in Cono Bay aro meeting with great encouragement. Twenty of the leading business men of tho town have promised to subscribe liberally towards the prizes to be offered for compe tition, and it is fully expected that induce ments will be offered that will ensuro an excellent muster of first-class yachts. It is intended to hold tho regatta about tho middlo of January next. The annual athletic sports of tho GecIoDg College will bo held on the Corio cricket ground to-morrow afternoon. The first event on tho programme will bo run for at half-past twelve o'clock. Yesterday there was a grand display in tho window of Mr Franks' shop, in Malop-street, of prizes to be competed for by tho boys, and all the trophies having bcon made by Mr E. Fis cher, jeweller, of Ryrie-street, excellence of workmanship is guaranteed. The ladies cup is a glass claret jug, mounted with silver, and is perhaps the most attractivo of thp prizes. The lid of the jug is closed by the weight of asolidailver figure of a woman, standing, with a laurel wreath in her . right liand. The College cup is a handsome silver one.beautifully engraved, ib ornamented with vine leaf handles, and silver links dangle from either side of the bowl. The college crest of the winged horse Pegasus adorns tho lid. Tho old collegians' cup » a very pretty silver claret jog, with a fern tree on the apex, whilst the second and third prizes for that event are gold medals, one represent ing a shield, the other a star, both being held together by golden laurel leaves. The Masters' Cup, and Mr \V. B. Haines' prize are emu eggs mounted with silver, whilst Mr R. JLi. Bell's prize is an emu egg-cup adorned with a vine leaf wreath, the whole being exceedingly tasteful in deeign and finish. A meeting of the Winchelsea Cricket Club was held on Friday, when Mr A. Hopkins ?was elected President; Mr J. R. Hopkins, F. F. Armytage, S. Austin, and A. A. Austin, Vice-Presidents ; Messrs Gullan, Elkington, Black, Gosney, and Orchard, members of the match committee ; and Mr A. S. Black, treasurer and secretary. The financial statement showed a debit balance of £9, which was paid off by those present at the meeting. It was agreed to request the Minister of Lands to permanently reserve the cricket gronud. Messrs A. Hopkins, J R. Hopkins, G. Anderson, D. Stirling, M. IC. Gullan, F. Murrell, and R. Gosney were elected trustees of the ground. The first two heats in connection with the Corio Bay Rowing Club's trial four oared races were rowed on the bay last evening. The competing crews were stroked by Crockford, Harper, Byrne, and Powers. Harper's crew were defeated by Croekford's, and Byrne's crew easily vanquished Powers'. The races to be rowed this eveniug are Smith v. Part and Heasmau v. King. An elderly man, an inmate of the Desti tute Asylum, Adelaide, committed suicide last Saturday by cutting his throat. Mr Thompson reports the late sale of land at Suva, Fiji, a great success. Beach lots realised JE400 to £1000 per acre. The four prisoners who committed the scandalous destruction of property at the Bush Inn, Rushworth, have been committed for trial at Sandhurst Assizes. A man named John Curnow was stabbed in a right-of-way ofT Hindly-street, Ade laide, by a Chinaman with a knife last Saturday evening. The jockey Walter Hugs, the rider of Momalong, was thrown from his horse in the steeplechase at Morphetville, South Austra lia, last Saturday,'and is not expected tore cover. The A</c says : Telegraphic advices from London intimate that the arrangements of the time-table of the P. and O.S.N. Com pany's steamers for 1SS0 will be continued into the coming year until further notice. A strange occurrence was some time since reported in a house at Parramatta, New South Wales. The spiritualists put it down to ghosts. All the evidence (the correspon dent of the A<jc telegraphs) given shows the occurrence to be unaccountable. The following board has been appointed to examine candidates for promotiou| in the Volunteer Force:-Captain W. H. Snee, Captain F. W. Bull, Major M. II. Irving, Major C. Anderson, Major S. Trythall, and Major A. Freeman. A telegram from Brisbane to the Ayr says that at a meeting of Roman Catholics in the cathedral-about GS members present-a re solution -was carried that a fund be raised to indemnify the A uittralian newspaper for the damages in the libel case. The Commissioner of Railways has re ceived a telegram from Mr Alfred Banter chairman of the Railway League, Jung Jung, stating that a deputation consisting of 400 farmers, residing on the Juni; Jung to Dim boola route, will attend at tho bar of the Legislative Council and show cause why the line should go from Jung Jung. It is stated (says the Daily Teleyrajih) that Mrs Jones, the late licensee of tlie Glenrowan Inn, who was committed for trial by the Wangaratta magistrates' on a charge of harboring the Kelly outlaws, is in a precarious state of lieafth-that, in fact, she is dying in Beechworth gaol. Robert Sharp, of St. Agnes Hill, has been summoned to the Malmsbuiy Police Court for giving a receipt for payment of a horse without being duly stamped. Mr Sharp, in his iqnorance. put a penny post age stamp on the receipt instead of a duty stamp. Although the rabbit visitation is not loudly complained of in this part of the country (observes the Avoca Free Prc<f), the fact that not fewer than 20 bunnies wore killed by Mr S. Lambert, while haymaking, on a two acre paddock nearthe Maryborough road, and that double the number got away, is pretty conclusive that the district is not free from the pest. A clergyman in a suburb close to Mel bourne kissed one of the Sunday school teachers in the vcstiy of the church last Sunday. The affair was witnessed throiiL'h the keyhole, and gave rise to some talk. It was subsequently discovered thatthe teacher was the clergyman's daughter. The old ladies in the parish are howling with indig nation at being defrauded of a sweet scan dal. An Anjus telegram from Sydney says : " Sir Henri' Parkes readied Albury at noon on Saturday, and received a deputation from the municipal council. lie informed the mayorthat the Government would only aid the railway opening demonstration by giving tbo line free, and lending a tent and flags. He said the line would never be connected with Victoria unless more money was voted." A couple of younjr men went out boating on Sunday from Williamstown down the Bay. Whenjabreast of Grimbley's Hotel, Brighton, about 4 miles out, the boat, which appeared to be tacking, capsized. One man got on the bottom of the boat, and was taken off, but the other, named John Daven port, was drowned. The accident occurred at nine o'clock in the morning. Mrs Jas. M'Connell and'Mrs X). Boothby, of Rochfordjwere two of the most successful competitors in the knitting department at the last National Show. In the latest issue of the lanreficbl Examiner Mrs Boothby challenges Airs M'Connell to knit for any sum from £5 to £100, either speed or quality. The challenge will be open for a month. We (Courier) understand that steps will shortly be taken to test public opinion here relative to the advisability of asking the Government to remove all the Government buildings in Lydiard-street north, Ballarat, from the telegraph and post office down to Jamieson'a store, with the view of selling the allotments, so that business premises worthy of the city may be erected in that central situation. A New Zealand jury has distinguished it Belf. At Auckland a child died from eating the heads off a boxful of wax matches. The jurymen found a verdict of accidental death, .with a rider " urging parents and guardians to use patent safety matches." -As a matter of fact the heads of safety matches are as large again as those of wax matches, and the stuff of which they are made is much more poisonous. Therefore the remedy of the Auckland jury is worse than the disease, by far. For the last two or three days there have been vague rumors that an extensive robbery of silks from a certain shed on the Australian "Wharf had taken place, but, so close was the information kept, that it was impossible to gather any particulars from the officials on the subject. It is now, we (Daihj Tele graph) believe, pretty certain that four boxes of silks, worth £1000, were stolen from the shed one day last week. Every effort has been made to recover the missing goods, but np to the present no clue has been obtained. An incident occurred on Thursday (says the Riverine IJerahl) which affords a strik ing exemplification of the vexatious nature of the Border Duties restrictions. The special train from Melbourne conveying voters to Moama was searched by the New South Wales customs officials, and from the passengers were taken a case with fourcigars, two half-emptied bottles of wine, a flask of brandy, and an empty luncheon basket. It was well known that the gentlemen in the train would return to Victoria in a few minutes, yet the officials determined to im pound every contraband trifle. A smart trick was played on Friday even ing in Creswick by a person who is well known, but who managed to make good hi3 escape. Mr Gilbert Bennett was taking a social glass with a would-be friend at Shearer's hotel, and the latter slipped out of the bar and mounting Bennett's horse, which was tied outside, rode away with it unno ticed. Subsequently he succeeded in dis posing of the animal to Mr Chegwin, the amount of the purchase money being £G 10s. The matter is now (says the Advertiser) ill the hands of the police, who are in pursuit of the miscreant. Referring to the late Judge Barry the Melbourne correspondent of the Sydney Mornimj Jlerahl says:-"About a fort night previous to his death he gave a dinner party to some of his very oldest friends, and just when they were sitting down one of the servants whispered to him that there were thirteen at table. He made merry at the man's alarm, and probably the" matter would have been forgotten, as such things usually are, if his death had not happened just thirteen days afterwards. Like a good many coincidences, this coincidence is at least curious.1' On Friday last (says the travelling re porter of the Daily Telegraph) some evil minded individual fairly strewed the main street of Romsev with poisoned baits, the re sult being that not alone were many valuable greyhounds and sheepdogs destroyed, but several geese and ducks were also poisoned. A fresh lot of baits was laid on Friday night or early Saturday morning, with the result that some half-dozen valuable animals of the canine species died, and so determinedly did the dastardly perpetrator carry out his de sign?, that dogs were actually poisoned on the chaiu, and baits distributed in the back yards of some of the leading hotels. A large reward has been offered for the discovery of the poisoner. Mr Milncr Stephen has written a letter, addressed to the editor of the Aye, in which the following occurs :-"And I am now told by my friends that it is currently reported among the " upper ten" (doubtless under Christian inspiration), that I have declared blasphemously, that 'I am performing greater miracles than Jesus did on earth.' 1 simply give this assertion the lie !" lie like wise complnius of the manner in which the writer of "Notesnow and then by J.M.'" in the Australasian of the20th ult.,refers to his secretary, and adds:-" I promise him that if ho will only communicate to the lady, whom he insolently speaks of as * Egeria' his real name and address, I will not trouble him to come tomyself to set any of his broken bones should he unfortunately come in con tact with the lady's young r.nd athletic hus band. Mr Stephen concludes his letter thus :-"Finally, I have but one * healing' more with which to shock the pious nerves of the Melbourne saints ; and ] shall then leave the colony and the field to them hoping, alas ! in vain, that they will receivc the 'heart-felt* blessings of as many poor sufferers as it has been my happy lot to meet with during my short sojourn in your city." We would remind our readers that the tea meeting and concert to commemorate the opening of St. Paul's new school house will be held this evening, and will be followed by the sale of useful and faucy articles, in the north class room, to assist in raising funds to purchase a new harmonium. This evening a concert and entertainment will be given by a teetotal company, in the Temperance Hall, in aid of the wife and family of the late Mr Francis Jose, who was drowned in the bay. The Mechanics' Institute Literary Class will meet this evening in the class- room. Next Friday evening the Bishop of Mel bourne will deliver an address in the Church of England at Marshalltown. A collection in aid of the church funds will be made. Messrs D. Guthrie aud Co. will commence the skin and hide sales to-morrow, and not Messrs Dennys, Lascelles and Co., as errone ously notified yesterday. It is announced by the brokers that odd bales will be cata logued to-day and bags to-morrow. The lion. 0. F. Belcher acknowledges, with thanks, the receipt of £1 Is from Dr. Daj', on account of the Battnau Memorial fund. 