The Social kaleidoscope. By Pasquin. N0.7. ' Pastor ' Allen in Castlereagh-street. Out of breath to no purpose and very noisy about nothing. — Pher. Fab. V, 2. What have, you done to edify You clammy chapel tinker ? — H. Kendall. God made him, and therefore let him pass for a man. S — Shakespeare, Merchant of Venice. ; A Daniel come to judgment. ' Ibid. — — — -Minnti i Semper et inQrmi est animi exiguique voluptas Uitio; — JUVENAL I commence to write this in the cool hour of evening. The sun, which just a minute ago was glowing like a ball of fire on the western horizon, has slowly sunk, leaving the whole of the city rose-tinted, and painting the placid surface of the ocean with myriad prismatic hues, as though the glowing waters had been touched by the wand of some wondrous magician. As I gaze dreamily upon the picture, and mark the twinkling vapours of eve arise, my thoughts revert to a subject, which has been simmering in my brain the whole day long. There is something which I wish to think of ; but cannot think of. Something which has once or twice flashed across my brain ; but flashed only like summer lightning, to die away and leave no sign or trace of its existence. I lie upon my sofa and mark the lights spring up one by one upon the heights. The roar of the traffic, which has been continuous all day, grows fainter ; and then far-away objects gradually become less distinguishable, until at last they seem melted and mingled together, and finally vanish from the sight in a mist of silver grey. It is not until I am aroused from my reverie by the tintinnabulation of tho old familiar muffin, man, that the idea for which I have for so many hours sought in vain comes filtering into my intellect. In a few moments the thought has matured, and then seating myself at my writing- table, I commence. Even then, however, my position is not without its drawbacks. Loud voiced hawkers, some with bells, some with horns, and one double-dyed ruffian, who eternally shrieks in an elongated monosyllable ' Savoloys greenpeasandbakedportatics ' periodically make night hideous under my verandah. Still I per- severe ; and as the gaslights multiply on the earth, and the stars are unveiled in the heavens, the pile of ' copy ' grows higher and higher ; but, not until the cold grey of dawn glimmers in the air, is the topmost story of my literary tower completed — the last slip of ' Pastor Allen' drying in the heat of the lamp rays. With one turn of the Kaleidoscope the scene his changed. London is the place ; the reign of Charles the Second the period. Upon the steps of Whitehall there stands a man habited in a doctor's gown. This is one Titus Oates, who had lately been created a D. C. L. by the University of Cambridge. He is a short, squat man, with a large, bloated face, upon which wickedness and cunning are indelibly stamped with the Devil's own private seal. His mouth is large and sensual ; his eyes small, bleared, and cruel ; his ears ragged and protruding ; his brow receding and wrinkled. This is the hero of the hour : the great anti-papal agitator. This is the great 'Popish plot' discoverer — the man who has ' denounced ' scores upon scores of ' papists ' until the scaffold on Tower Hill is crimson with the blood of his victims, and until he, Titus Oates, has been awarded by the cowardly King a pension of a thousand a year, and a princly suite of apartments in Whitehall Palace. . . . . . . The wheel Of Time has made one revolu- tion. The temporary madness of the people has evaporated, and Common Sense has asserted her own again. Titus Oates does not stand upon the steps of Whitehall now. Where is he ? There is a crowd in the streets centering about Newgate. The people laugh, and applaud, and are glad. A cart, surrounded by the armed guard, slowly makes its way through them. Tied to the tail of that cart is the semblance of a human being, who writhes and howls as the lash continually descends upon his shoulders. Who is this ? Not Dr. Titus Oates, D.C.L., surely ? Even so, There is no mistaking the hideous features, all distorted with pain as they are. It is Titus MR. MITCHELL-HENRY, M. P. FOR GALWAY. Oates — Titus Oates- being whipped by tho com mon hangman from Newgate to Tyburn. Now just one more little shake of the mystery- ous tube : one brief rattle of the pretty coloured beads and magic crystals. So ! Now let us change our scene and our tense at the same time. Last Sunday morning was ushered in bright and clear. As the day grew older, the heat be- came intense ; and when I sallied forth amidst the ringing of the church bells, I found the pave- ments burning hot, the road-way baked, and Humanity generally mopping its face with its handkerchief. Past M'Gibbon's house, where I noticed the disappearance of the old familiar bandbox ; past the Museum, across College- street, and into the Park. In the walk which is separated by that hideous railing from Elizabeth-street I paused, as here and there a scintilla of shade was perceptible. All the seats were occupied. Ah, what food here for the student of human nature ! See now this seedy, dusty new chum. He slum- bers now, for he has been out all night, wander- ing, houseless, about the cruel streets. He has spent his little pile, and pawned his clothes, and and now he is destitute. He has no friends, be- cause he has spent all his money on himself. If you accost him, he will talk about ' the deuced line place my governor's got in Cheshire,' and will patronize you before you have been with him five minutes. But in spite of his patrician ancestry, and family estates (all of which he is heir to, by Jove!), this fallen scion of the 'crutch and tooth- pick ' fraternity is to be seen daily devouring the fare of the Soup Kitchen, where he ' sirs ' the presiding Apollo with sickening obsequiousness, The next seat contains a more interesting picture, A pair of lovers. The ' young man,' very sliiny as to his black suit, very bright-blue as to his neck- tie, very hard as to his hat. The ' young woman,' highly starched as to her pique robe, and un- utterably conscious of her new seven-and-six- penny ' Balmorals.' And so through the Park into Liverpool-street, across to Cnstlercngh- street, and me voila ! It is, I believe, generally known throughout the civilized world that ' Pastor Allen's ' howling box is situated opposite the Willow Tree Inn. It is on the right-hand side going south, and the portion of the thoroughfare the 'Particular Baptist' monument adorns is squalid and poverty stricken to the last degree. On each side, the chapel is blocked in by grotesque-looking rookeries, rented by the lowest of the lower orders. Im- mediately adjoining on the south side, is a row of hovels inhabited exclusively by Chinese. The con- tiguity of even a holy ' pastor ' so eminent as Daniel Allen does not appear to purify the neigh- bourhood ; for I am told that the immediate en- tourage of the ' Pastor's' habitation is notorious for the moot repulsive and glaring immorality. Indeed, I am disposed to think that Messieurs Allen and M'Gibbon benefit their surroundings in about an equal degree ! Like the rev. spiri- tual instructor whom I immortalized last week, 'Pastor' Allen has a 'manse' immediately adjoining his temple of worship. The church itself is a mean, damp-looking, crazy little structure, with a door in the centre and a Gothic window on either side of it. The whole, which has the appearance of being fearfully ' out of drawing,' is only a few sizes larger than a giant's caravan, and has such an inexpressibly mean aspect, that in the full glow of the sunshine it appears to be blushing to find itself even as famous as it is. The house adjoining, the resi- dence of the ' Hyde Park Prelate,' is a mansion as ruined as Byron's ' Castlecrag of Drachen- fels' ; but not so picturesque ! It is a low, grimy, tumble-down tenement, with a sloping, shingled roof. It resembles the ruined homestead of a deserted station — it is so old, so shabby, so utterly forlorn in its every aspect. Before it stands the very ghost of a dilapidated fence, and behind this gaping palisade is a bunch of such dusty-looking shrubs that it is positively heart- breaking to contemplate them. A cat was fast asleep on the roof, and a posse of very gaunt fowls were clucking about the open door-way and the passage. In the dreary wilder- ness of a ' garden ' an ancient vehicle' — the ' Pastor's ' family coach, possibly — stood moul- dering amidst the ' tangled herbage.' This chariot was partially concealed by a covering, and the idea instantly struck me that it was the depôt of the rev. gentleman's published ' works,' and that he shovelled them out of the body of the vehicle whenever applied to by the butterman or the trunkmaker. When it was eleven o'clock I clambered up the two or three stone steps before the door and entered the building. Seated in the porch was a long, thin lady in a washed-out dress, who was giving sustenance to an unhappy in- fant in very cloudy long clothes. This gaunt female shook hands with everybody as they came in, and I came to the fantastic conclusion that she was immediately interested in the show. Indeed, if any one had told me that she was ' Pastor ' Allen, I shouldn't have been very much surprised. The interior of the Bap- tist Church is just such as the exterior would suggest. It is a mouldy-smelling, damp- emblazoned little box, fitted with a cobweb bedecked gallery, and a kind of railed platform containing an easy-chair immediately facing The walls are of rough plaster, and the ceiling is ' whitewashed.' The manner, I may remark, in which the lime solution has been laid on in strongly suggestive of amateur labour. The artist had evidently not watched his ' hair strokes.' Perhaps, however, Daniel did his whitewashing himself. Qui sait ? The cittingo1 are cheaply knocked-up, stained-wood benches of the ordinary pattern ; and the windows, of which there are five, have small panes of the commonest ground-glass and cobwebs innumerable. I took a seat near the door, and just as I fled grasped a small Bible of exceedingly ragged aspect, and a hymn-book which looked as though it had been through the whole, of tho New Zealand war (which perhaps it had), the members of the congregation commenced to stamp in. I sat and watched them for a while with mute and stony astonishment ! It has been remarked by French historians that at those periods when a revolution breaks out in Paris, numbers of weird and terrible-looking persons appear upon the scene who are never by chance beheld at any other time. Whence they come the mind of man can fathom not ; who they are ic an equal mystery; all that is known for a certainty is that they are fearsome specimens of the human race — mystic phantoms who disappear as mysteriously as they come. Well, Paotor Allen's congregation resembles to a great extent these ? ghostly revolutionists. They are not to be seen about the common resorts of the general run of men and women ; they are evidently peculiar to Pastor Allen's temple ; and a very good job too ? Many of the women had babies with them, which they suckled ostentatiously; leaving the church now and then, when the infants howled more than ordinarily loud, which the innocent babes invariably did when the grim ' Pastor' was more than ordinarily uproarious. The harmonium was immediately underneath Daniel's arena ; and the choir — a grotesque bevy of mixed sexes — hovered over it like the witches over the cauldron - in ' Macbeth.' The proceedings were commenced by the opening of a door to the left of the plat- form, and the hurried entrance of some half a dozen men. These fellows had such a truculent aspect, that I muttered ' Police !' involun- tarily ; feeling certain that Frank Gardiner had returned from the Sierra Nevada, with a band of desperadoes, and was about to ' go through' the congregation. One of these men was very an- cient, very tall, and very dusky. He wore— strange as it may appear — a cloth cap , which was made, something like the steel visor of Richard the First, which we see in the Tower of London. When these men had seated themselves in various parts of the building, Pastor Allen mounted to his platform, and the service commenced in oeriouo earnest. Mr. Daniel Allen is an easy subject to photo- graph — journalistically anyway. He has a fat stumpy body, elephantine legs, and Brobdignagian ' hoofs.' His face is a big red oval. The ex- pression of his features is simply ' bovine.' His complexion, besides being crimson, is ' clammy,' and the whole cast of his features disagreeably; oleaginous. His mouth is nearly as large as one of the Fish River caverns. In short, Daniel,— to quote the first of Australian poets — ' Your mouth through exertion is painfully wide ; You stretch it too often— I whisper aside— In damning the ' Roman ' Archbishop.' His attire was suggestive of — well— Daniel Allen! No other simile would give the reader an adequate idea of the exceeding grotesqueness of the Pastorian ' slops.' Again, to take a clip- ping from my favourite bard — now mark this, ' Evangelical Dan !' — ' Your coat is not modern ; but yet you are prim ; At your breeches, however, I grumble , A ' Pastor,' excuse me, commits a great wrong By not buying leggings sufficiently long To lap over hoofs that are ' bumble.' ' Now, let us come to the ' service ' proper — if the word ' ' proper ' be not in this instance para- doxical. He started the performance by giving out hymn six hundred and — something from Gadsby's (!) hymn-book. Tho festive ' Gadsby ' is comparatively unknown to fame, however well he may be known to Pastor Allen. In the pre- face of his volume of recorded bowlings, he makes the following statement : — ' It may be thought a great piece of folly, for such an obscure mortal as I am, to publish a collection of hymns !' a remark, be it said, in which the general race of mankind will very emphatically coincide Here is a spocimen of the great Gadsby's thun- dering lyrics — ' Thou has washed us in thy blood, Make us Kings and Priests to God ; Take this tribute of the poor : ' Less we can't, we can't give more ' ! How this last line seems to ' smack ' of the Echo bards ! Can it be that Gadsby is one of their ' poetical ' contributors. ' The worthy Pastor read the whole hymn through first, making a mistake on an average every three lines. Then he ' gave out ' one ' verse at a time, until the weary choir had howled it through. Prior to commencing Mr. Allen, ad- dressing the vocalists in a conversational manner- said, with a jerk of his elbow — ' You know the toon.' It would appear, however, that if they did, the balance of the congregation, some eighty persons, were not so fortunate ; for, as each one appeared to sing it to the ' toon ' he knew best, ' the effect of the whole ' — as Dickens remarked of Mr. Jack Hopkins's vocal effort at Bob Sawyer's party — ' was very striking indeed.' After this, Daniel proceeded to read the sixty- second chapter of Isaiah ; ' expounding ' — as he calls it — as he pro- ceeded. The whole thing, in fact, was such a ' rigmarole' that no one could make head or tail of it. In the course of his ' expounding' he managed to get entangled with some Hebrew, and then had a desperate struggle with another 'jawbreaker' from an entirely (to me) unknown tongue. It seemed — to quote Shakespeare (I can hardly help laughing as I write it) — it seemed as if ' he had been at a cheap feast of languages, and had stolen the scraps !' To chronicle that the Scripture ' reading ' was succeeded by an extemporary prayer would seem almost superfluous. As he had preached during his elucidation (!) of the chapter of Isaiah, go did he preach during the delivery of his improvised supplication. While he prayed he. struggled desperately ; though whether with the evil spirit, or with his digestion, is a matter of which he is the best judge. His movements were not so jerky as those of my old friend Dowie, but there was a ponderosity in his convulsive con- tortions, which was singularly disconcerting. His general bearing resembled that of a man in the convivial condition nautically known as ' three sheets in the wind,' who is going through a pugilistic encounter outside a public-house. He puffed, and he ' blowed,' and he gasped, and he howled, with such energy, that if, as he seems to think, this kind of thing will ensure to a man immortality, Mr. Allen is as sure of being an angel, eventually, as he is to read this article. After the prayer came the sermon. The ' Reverend Pastor' preaches extempore. That is' to' say, like his friend Dowie, he selects a text hap- hazard, and raves at his hearers for about three-quarters of an hour. At mangling the English language, at mutilating hackneyed quo- tations, Mr. Allen has possibly not a rival in the Antipodes. An ignorant man himself, all the assumptions he bases on quoted passages from the scriptures are ignorant in their narrowminded- ness. There was not in the whole of his decla- matory roar one single thought, one single idea. He bawled, he raved, he shrieked, he howled, he danced, he jumped, aye, he even cried, — yes, ' The greasy tears Cours'd one another down his monstrous nose In piteous chase,' — but, for all his ludicrous mountebanking, he was unable to make an impression upon even the blatant numbskulls who sat gaping before him. During the whole of his fantastic pitch he spoke at the top of his fog-horn of a voice, never once modulating his tone for one instant, even if only to give the drums of our ears a chance. The thing he resembled the most was a dancing bear with his collar too tight ; the thing he resembled the least was a minister of the Gospel giving spiritual instruction to his flock. One remark that he made — and only one — will I quote. He said, '' Loord, I've been a beggar all my life, and shall be a beggar till I die.' Hear, hear. But independently of being an impassioned orator and an ' anti-Papistical Pastor,' Daniel Allen is an author as well. Now I come to think of it, perhaps not quite an author, say a compiler. On further consideration, ' com- piler ' will hardly do either ; because the obscene series of twopenny tracts, humorously styled ' The History of the Convent,' is merely a packet of disgusting newspaper cuttings that were never even collected by the soi-disant author. To give a quotation from this hideous and ungrammati- cal conglomeration of filth and absurdity is a difficult matter, when the whole of the tracts are so disgustingly offensive. The booksellers, I understand, now that the Obscene Publications Bill has passed its second reading, decline — and rightly so — to sell Mr. Allen's Holywell-street rubbish ; but I have been fortunately enabled to procure a few numbers. The covers of this two- penny ' awful ' is embellished with a wood- cut, which looks as though it had been engraved on a second-hand block with a one- and-sixpenny jack knife. It is called the ' Imprisoned Nun of Cracow,' and is about the funniest picture anyone could imagine. 'The Imprisoned Nun' is represented in an entirely nude condition, and is being discovered in a wine- cellar by four lunatics in bell-toppers ; none of whom appear to feel any delicacy at intruding upon the lady in an ex- tremely airy attire. In glancing at the contents Daniel's catch-penny nonsense, I find that nearly all his nuns come to a violent end. Some times their death comes about so suddenly that they really don't seem to give the convent a chance. Read, for instance, this blood-curdling "At a convent in the north of Italy, a fearful catastrophe occurred some years ago. A father determined to compel his daughter to take the veil, to which she was strongly disinclined ; but as she was treated with great brutality at home, she at length consented ; yet no sooner had she pronounced her vows than she requested a private interview with him at the grate of the convent ; and, being left alone with him, killed herself be- fore his eyes, and cursed him with her latest breath. This, however, is but one of the many narratives of horror which are well authenticated in connection with a seclusion so unnatural and injurious.' Now there is something extremely sudden in this tragical denouement. Strange to say that the lady waited till after the vows to commit the desperate deed. But this is ' a mere pill ' in com- parison with some of the other anecdotes. The pamphlets all through are professed extracts from the ' confessions' of renegades, and clip- pings from newspapers no one has ever heard about. Altogether, although the pamphlets are dull in their obscenity and disgusting in their blasphemy, they are quite worthy of their dis- tinguished author. Amongst the ' Pastor ' Allen literature may be classed a superb lyric, written, I am told, by Daniel in honour of himself and Monsieur Chiniquy. Here is the commencement of it — "CHINIQUY THE BRAVE. (!) ' Tune — ' Hold the Fort.' ' Ho ! my comrades, see the champion, Rome's inveterate foe ; He'll unmask the Popish scheming, Which the priests well know. ' Chorus — ' Hold the fort, for he is coming — Pastor Allen, too : (!!!) They'll expose the Sydney priesthood, Showing what they do.' Now, this is all very fine in its way, and is almost as good as the poetry in the Evening News. The following verses, however, which I have my own reasons for believing to be to the last degree unauthentic, will possibly prove highly entertain- ing to M'Gibbon, Allen, Dowie, and Co., and will clear up all doubts, if any ever existed, as to to the disinterestedness of Monsieur Charles Chintquy : — CHINIQUY THE ' CANNY A One-Horse Cantata. Written by Himself. Argument. [Supplied (gratuitously) by ' Pasquin.'] 1\. — He lands, and encounters Dr. M'Gibbon, ' Pastor ' Allen, Mister Dowie, and the ghost of M'Guffin, father of the N. S. W. Orangemen, on the wharf. Tells them what his game is. 2. — Is delivered of a truism, which, however, instead of shocking, tickles his hearers. 3. — Is further delivered of another. 4. — Tops the last ; when exeunt omnes — M'Gibbon, Allen, and Dowie, shouting delightedly — ' The only man that ever understood us !' 1. My fren, I av joost let' ze steamboat— M0n Dieu ! — ze fare vas very dear Say, M'Gibbon, and you Allen — bote, Is dere — hein ! — mush money here ? 2. I do not spike ze Ongleesh ver' veil Boot plenty lies I always say— You laff — tres lien ! — more lies you tell, Te. all know veil, ze more it pay I . ' 3- ' I talk all dis 'confession' bosh-rot, And ver veil all ze mob receive it ; ' Mais ccoute, M'Gibbon dere is not .Vim single vun sal does believe it ! . 4. Au' listen dis, ole Mack an' Allen : — Dey say ve all alike — dat's t'unny !— Ve don't believe our lying bawlin' ; All ve vant is — make ze moneii ! In conclusion I cannot do better than quote, for Daniel's edification, the following passage from Sterne's ' Sentimental Journey' : ' Go, poor devil, get thee gone : why should I hurt thee ?' The Trade Societies of Melbourne anticipate an enormously overstocked labour market during the ensuing winter. The following gentlemen were successful at the recent Civil Service Examination : — Bell Buckley, Burnet, Butler, Clarke, Dixon, Fitzger- ald, A. Gale, Halligan, Hancock, Heath, Hooper, Little, Macdermott, M'Shane, Milgrove, Mullen, Parr, Pyne, Walker, Wartzki. 