SUNDAY; READING. The Rest of Salvation.' ■' A Ser*on by the ^Rev. Hat-Aitkbn; JT.A. " Betnrn unto thy Test, O my" sonl, for the1 lord hath dealt bountifaUy with thee."—Psalms , cm., 7, : (Concluded from our last.) AND then from praying we very often pass' on to what I may describe as' the stage of itrxtggling. We are straggling to make our selves what we would like to bo. Obr hearts are very hard, so we set ourselves to work to endeavour to make our hard hearts soft—a very difficult process you know. Or perhaps we do not feel sorrowful enough for sin, and we struggle to do so. We thiok over our 6ius, and try to make ourselves hate them, but wo do not; and we go on struggling, aud try to pro duce that 6tato of soul which we think God demands. And then from struggling to make ourselves fed our sin, we pass on to endeavour to make ourselves believe. We read in our Bible: ' Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved,' and so we *set to work i struggling to believe. i' •; r« > If I have heard one person Bay it, I think I. have heard thousands say it—11 am trying■ to believe;' and they do try, so very, very hard. Now, what does the Psalmist say ? He ob viously begins by struggling, but he goes on to something better. He takes a view of God, and grasps these three great facts—that God is gracious and righteous, and then His graciousneeB and righteousness blend together in one stream of healing, and 4 God is merciful.' And as soon as he gets this view of God, he turns round upon his poor weary, tortured 60ul and says: 4 Enter thou into rest, 0 my soul. Be still. Cease from your tumult. Give up your struggling, you have been working hard enough, you have been labouring wearily enough: enter thou into rest, O my soul/ Why? For the Lord hath dealt bountifully with thee. The wondrous liberality of God has already anticipated thy wants. : He has brought within thy reach all that thou canst possibly require. Enter thou into rest, 0 my soul.* : ' Dear seeking brother, you are anxiously in quiring, 4 What must I do to be saved ?' You have been toiling and struggling bo wearily. Well, just turn round upon that poor, tortured soul of yours, aud say: * Be still. Cease from ! all your struggling, and enter thou into rest, ! 0 my soul/ What is it to enter into rest ? I I read in the Epistle to the Hebrews that * He that entereth into rest hath ceased from his own works as God ceased from His.'- Now, just refer for a moment to the great fact that 1 these words recall to our mind. We read in the Book of Genesis that when God had completed the creation of the world, j the seventh day came round, and God rested ! from all Hi'b works on the seventh day. I Aa far as I can find, He did not I turn one stone upside down on tho seventh day, whatever it was—whether it was a vast I period or a single day, we are not told that God turned one stone upside down, but He looked at the works He had made—the veget able kingdom, the animal kingdom, and, above all, the King Man; He looked at them all, and I said, 4 Very good/ and He left it alone. And therein God showed His greatness as dis tinguished from our littleness. 'ihere are many people, you know, who when they have done a thing cannot leave it alone. An author writes a book, and then he touches it all up until tho printer is; almost driven wild by the proof sheet. But God showeth His greatness in doing His work in the first place; and, in the second place, in saying it was very good, aud not altering one little tiny blade ofgrass. Itisfimi«hed,andtbere 1 see God entering into rest; looking down upon a beautiful garden, seeing Adam and Eve enjoy themselves there, and Baying 4 it ia very good.' - i Now, then, says the writer of the Epistle to the Hebrews: 4 He that entereth into rest hath ceased from His own wsrks as God ceased from His.' Only, you know, we cannot look at our own works, and declare they are very good, because they aro very bad.. All our struggles, all our efforts to mend ourselves, all leave us jnet where we were before, in helpessness and misery, until the eye rests upon a. happier object—aa God looked at the work of creation, so our eye rests upon thp work of redemption. We gaze at yonder cros •. We hear this voice of sorrow; we behold/ the great World-Victim I offered, and as we behold Him bow His head in His agony, at lest that voico of power leaves ! His lips,4 It is finished,' and He gives up.the j ghost. • ;; •• •< 1 . As I see the shadows of, death gathering j round that brow I say,4 0 my God, it is noble work that Thou hastaccomplUhed'—even nobler and grander work than Ho performed when He called creation into existence,' when Ho set the world oa its orbits, aud clothed it with virgil beauty. It never cost Him pain or suffering to call a world into existence; but is has cost Qim pain and suffering to redeem a world from death, and He has done it, and as porfect was the work of his crcatiou so perfect is the work of redemption. And as the Father looked at the work uf creation and Baid,1 it is very good' and justOett it alone, so I look at that work of redemption aud say,.4 it is very good,' and just leave it' alono. I cannot im prove upon:.it. -I can only say, (God hath dealt bountifully with mo/ .There are a great rnsoy things He might have given me; hut He. has given mo something 'better tliBH all. He might have made mo .ruler-.of the planetary Kyftom ; and yet without Him I should. have been .miserable in the planetary system'. Ho might have given mo the gratification of all • iny lusta and desires, and after all there would bo .an aching void in my nature. I cannot satisfy myself until my soul is able to grasp that wondrous provision which exists for jte in God. ; ■ _ , HI... But how, aro the barriers t« bo removed.? They .can only bo removed by a gift; and there is only one gift that can bring God within my reaoh, and that is the gift of God'a own Son. . I look up into my Father's face and I Bay;: ■ Thanks be to God for His unspeakable gift' and as I:adore His love I am in a position to exclaim: ' The Lord hath indeed dealt bounti fully,with me; and inasmuch as Ho hath dealt bountifully with me, this poor, sad, storm tossed soul of mine may enter.into its rest at last. If the dying lips; of Christ conveyed tho troth, then finished the work actually is; and if it is not, then all the tears, and all tho groans and struggles and efforts that you can add to it will never finish it. But Glory be to God, ' it is finished,' aud because it is possible for me jnst to step Oil that Bure foundation, not to struggle, but to rest calmly, sweetly, peace fully, to rest in Jesus. Shall I repeat to_ you some lines which havo been very beautifully expressed by a living poet:— , . . ! «'E«st weary soul: • •• ' Tho penalty is borne, the ransom paid j. ... 7 1'or all thy sins, full satisfaction mil lie. Strive not to do thyself what Ckri«t hath done; . ; Take tho free trift. and make the joy thine own. • So more by pong;of grief and fear oppressed, ; 1. Heat, sweetly rest I rest, awoetly rest I •' . ; : , Will you do so. Is God satisfied P.n Great God, art Thou to be satisfied, and not I ? Wilt Thou accept the work of Thy Son, and t not accept it f Oh 1 meet overy doubt and fear in the heart'as it ariBes with that ono overwhelm ing thought—glory be to God—He is satisfied. God trusted Christ to save the world, and I may trust Christ to save my sonl. Will yon doit f :"j ■ There was a youni? man sometime ago'in India, who just before be started went to see a minister of the gospel with an old friend of his. They had dinner together, and after dinner they drew their chairs up to the fire and began to talk. ,'My dear' John,' said: the minister, 'we may never meet again. Ton are going out to a distant country and I would like to ask you before we part company, Is it all right between yon and God ? Supposing you were to be shipwrecked on the journey, would it be ell well with you/ John bung down his head as he said,' I wish.I could say it would. For years past I have been thinking about these things and doing every thing I know how to do, but 1 do not ser-m to net hold of what other people have got.' ' Well, what do you do in order to obtain it—how do you try to get it?' 'Oh, I pray. That does not bring it. I go to meetings and bear sermonB. That does not bring it. Everybody tolls me I ought to believe. But then, yon know I do believe—always bave have believed, but I can't find out what all this talk about belief means. If you ask mo whether Christ Jesus is the Son of God, of course I do believe; if He died for sinners, of course; if He died for me, of course I believe it. If He died fqr all sinners, He died for me. I draw that ooncln sion, but I can't get any comfort from it. They talked on for a little time and at last the minister said: 'John, can you swimf 'Oh yes, I'm a very good swimmer. Could you alwayB swim?' 'Why, what a ridiculous question; did you ever hear of anybody -,™« into the world a swimmer F 'Well,! dou't now that I did; I ask you the question. Do you remember the time when you could not swim f' ' Perfeotly well.' .'Did you ever know the time when the water would not bear tho human body f ' It would always do that, ' Exactly. You wore quite persuaded that the water would bear np your body f ' 0 yes, I believed that.' 'And then the next thing was vou jumped into the water and splashed about and went down to the bottom, tiid not you'' 1 That was exactly it.' ' Andullthetirae believed the water would bear np yourbody,didnotyou? 'Yes.' 'But it didn't?' 'No/ 'Do you re member how you learned to swim r *es, l think I So. I was in tho water one day and somo fellows told me just to throw myself right on my back, and put my head back as far M I could and never mmd whether I fioal.c(J.0' sank, but just to lie there and make the slightest possible motion. I did'so, and to my astern^ ment found my feet come up from the bottom, and I was floating. I. had> no difficulty in learning to swim after that. Well, all the time you believed that the water would. bjtt you, but every time you. got into the you began to splosh about and struggle, and down you went to the bottom. At last you just got Wisdom enough to.carry out inaj«?ctical form what you already knew. You water would bear you ; you rested and , louna yourself floating.' John! was the"i ever_» time that you did not believe that Jesus CbnB would sate your soul ?' ' Certainly not.. Ha* tliero ever been a time when you droppedmto His arms as you dropped into.the water ]»^ you threw yourself unreservedly ..into. His arms?' The tears came, in said: '• Ah! I see it now.' ' John, will you do it now?' 8o they.knelt down together, and he trusted Jesus then and there. , . \- That, is what I want you to John rose up with a peaceful smile M ^ grasped the minister', hand and, said-,i man* God!,I see it at last. It u all nght ^ not afraid to go to India now. I BmnotirfraM to dio.'. ;■ He went forth to that dialintlund aud bore testimony to bis Master for tnoso^lo g bright happy years before the Lord calKd ni to eo on high. Dear brothers, have you learned to float? ; Have you trusted youreelvM to Jesn's hands? If not, will you oo it now, thin.solemn hour while we are all. here w gether P Ah! believe me, there is no tborough fare to tell through the.arms of Jesus^UWry be toOod. Now will.you reM yourself into salvution'-instead of struggling J®""0 salvation? Do you see-thu difference you stop all this exoitement of. ' the straining of every and calmly fall back a» I did when I wm»doj hjeven years of ago and say, 4 Ifc is finished F' Glory be to(God, he that believing hath coased from his owii_.work as God ceased from . His. ahall_wejcneel down and toll the Lord bo F 