A ano;'story' s itom ofroxii Nagambio, is told by; the local papeor as follows: "'Poroioi svisiting thorailwhaystation, ic' thodli;:nh'o.;havo had docesion to visit that locality at night, havd boon goatly frightoiiod by: sooing vr 'yghost.' A fow ovoanigs ago itiiapptruod ionr thoeonid, of, tho railway platform, anid was that of a"flguro 7or' 8. bot 'in ihogiht, nir'6ad atni puro white, Theo form nwas thab of a' fomalo with, as far a~ donld 1d(disoorunod a doathlilkofaco, It wkas noisoloss ini' minovemenlis, but glided with..wondorful raptidity. Ono of theo poters, who.las a oonsidorablo aimount :of l aourago, proooodod- in tlo illroBtiboi. of :tliho'aplaritioni, and whon wilitinoiay ranugeo firdd at it, but to his astoniAlunont, after tho sri:olke had loaered away ho found tho apparition was cldse to him. Hoe was porlbotly to'rrlilod, and, dr6pping'his gun, mado for ll s frlolnls'at lightiiing spood,' On night Inst'wooak, as the half.iasb ninio cab, filled with ladios and gentloanioci was travolling along the railway road towards the town, a short distance from the station, tho spootrum Drgain appearod' on the hill: side', about~!;50 yards from the caboi ad.ao the:convoy. anco procoodled, so didthoe figure.: This frightened) the o.i..passongers, .and eapooially the. driver,: so that!ho drove his horses at a'furious pace, soon losing dight/of theoapparition.'It is ourreotly, i:epbrtod, ?thatnthor station master, has applied to be ieomoved," . ' , Women,!' says MadamoNeo lNti , "are Sto convorsantion whitpads ofo otton are to china' packed' ina bo*i.c People think little of them, but It. they are abcontlevorything goes to smash.",' .. ., .: '. ;i ,Two tholsanad trout oyev arrivd froim. 'Tri~iania at;'Melboiuno"and' iiaro 'ow being .atohodl at 'the Royal Park, ,''t'ls Intended to exhibit some of the fry, at the William Smithi, airroestod in 'Auckland for Issuing a valueloesa oheque, is of a high Engglish family, andi' would shortly re'dive an :hist'alinont"of' 2000' " Tlho' pi'lsonor, Who. sdomod to foolhisa posiltion ioutoly, was, it in allogdl,' heioito a largo estate worth 4120,000,,: ,I... .. V.. .. The o South Australian Government hav' ontored 'aun tetlon 'against the looal Insurance comipauidi Ifor .425,000, on no. count of losses by the wrook of the Bydorabad off.the Now Zealand coast. IThe polloo made arather clover oapture of a thieof named G, Dolsorto in Melbourne recently. Ho arrived from Sydney three months ago, and was employed by Meossrs,. ]rks; stationers, and receiving notice to leave, absonted himsenolf two days boefore the time, Suspiolon boing aroneod, £500 worth' of goods wore mlssed. f)alsorto was placed under polleo snrvell. lanoo, and was quletly arronted in the Ilaptist Church,, Illndors.stroot. All tih goods were recovered at his hotel. The I0ho0 pronounoo his tontimonials to' be fbrorgeos,. Who blaols . have , stuol up Mexico ntatIon, ii the Mloholl' distriot. T lmr balled up tihe cook and a blaok boy, and out the latter to ploces. The pollea are in pursuit. '~iui You, a Obi~nahrsnn nhi~sod ldhsfoot-h high '6':uK: thb ishaft Iladdor.lr n thoe ,floforrn C~om~nuy Radda,~nd fbll diO foot, 3 30thr anklosur wore brokron. 