PEPPER'S GHOST AT GARNER'S THEATRE, There was a very large house at Garner's Theatre on Saturday night to witness the pro-<*> duction for the first time in Adelaide of Pro-<*> fessor Pepper's world-renowned ghost illusion, wbiefa be exhibited sncaessfnlly for many years in London, and since his tour round the world 1 nas snownninuniaroasssajai ■amanyanojriioai l aiosions of a similar kind have been before seen in but they were managed on a different prmaqitetotbatcxhftataabrfrafeaaor Fepper, of which he and Messrs. tKreks and Tobtowete the wigiMi tevantors, tnsir itesion being by far the most pe-feot aad atriking. TbatauahMthe case anat have been agpawot toevwnonewhoiritnaawjdtile performaDCe on Satarday night, drapitoaH ts?c^wa«ca?iaaich attended aC In the fast piase tta professor waewoisong voder AOHaas^vaattaga sn his sawa* rates having beendwnasjedbysisanansaxalo sianontheprevioos^ay, and also in the tact that the members of the company ware, with oneexreptiop,Dovlnssia Mmghnslbaaiaeai, wliii li demands much more histrionic **■*- the general public imagine, and had been able to have but one reheat—l & was thnrafnre scarcely to be wondered at that •stars and , ghosts alike did not perform together aowett as ! could have been WMbed, and that the light waa now and again -aaosrtain. These diffi culties and ethers will no doubt be over* come to-night, and enoagh was shown on Satarday to prove that toe iiinsian when eaecti«eJy arorseiisa verybeautifalone. She entrrtsinsent opened with the story «f Pyg maliocanri Oalatea, the artist king haing da dosed, when the curtain rese, ttaaamg in mote admiration of the lovelr Jtatae whki he had formed. Theeflectoi tfte sUtge waking to &fe; waa cleverly given, and the.Udy who played the riiarantw sang very prettily the well-known air, "Scenes that ere brightest." The audience ware then informed by frofessor Pepper, who acted throughout as the lecturer, of the «wrt?"Ba tion of the atary, and«f how.grieved at the distress otc?ygniaJiau's wife, who has been dis carded for bar, Oalatea prays the godded tba* she may be retunttd to bar foraer lifeless state. The goddess, however, prefers translating she fair one to the celestial abodes, and the manner in which the form moving on the •sage, wpa rendy substantial, was made inatantansonafy to vanish from the grasp of Pygmalion waa very well executed. This, which was by far the meat ani ix—fid ghost illu sion of the evening, was followed by an exhibition by means of • laiye magic lantern of • aeries of photographs, fllnatnatlie of ancient and modem atsawsa, wfasab weremac aified tolifaaise on thesemso, andctoedsut with* ■widdfiJllj atewnamialnuffanl. Among the nest bt—tifwl ware the "Belvedere ApoUor • grand atatne of "Mars," -Venus and Cupid," the "Laoeoon," the "Ariadne " Venus de Medici," "Ajax defying the ligfatohig," and a beautiful gcoup by Thorwaldsen, erected over the tomb of one of the cardinals in Borne, These pictores, which «rftitnd gmaral adsniratioa.were succeeded by two other ghost illusions—-the "Worried?arber"and"Fishor'aMystery" the latter founded on the welLknown story of the Fisher apparition at Pcnrith, in Hew South Wales—neither of which were so aaceeasful as could have been desired, and an effort at por trait sketching by an invisible hand, which was a comptote failure from some cause or other. Vhemagfc lantern exhibitions of tbe "crawl ing demons* and the "color changes," known toallfrequsntewof Professor Peppers lectures, came norland tbe entertainment, which will be repeated thu evening, oonclnded with anptfaer speetw story,« Boom 27, or the Haunted Inn," in which the midnight adventures of a traveller with chaste were depjeted, and one of the spectra, the -Maid of the Mist," sang very nicely- Booked in the cradle of the deep* V" A Omnx?uvcalled in yesterday. He is a constant sufiexer from chronic dyepepaia and has taken all sorts of mineral waters. I? commended him to give year Salt a trial, which he-did, and received great benefit. He says he never knew what it was to he without pain until he tried your Salt, andrfor the futareanaUnevar be wfitont it in the house. a M.Emux, " 14, Boe d« ? raix, Paris." Gatstlox.—^Sxamiae each Bottle and see that the Capsule is .walked "Bat?* taunt BaixJ Without it yoa June been imposad on by Worthless Imitation*. Sold by afl Ohesaiati. Pri«>.3..?a.BMdwifld. SBiaadKL 