THE LEGEND OF DUNBLANE. Bt Hamilton Aidh. ~ ' ? '? The first impression produced on'overyone by bur ladyship's bounty oould not hut bo favourable. Sho waB a brunette; tall, with lively oyeB and brilliant teeth, which oho ehowod a groat deal when she laughed, and dark-browu hair, cut short aod dishevolled in loose wares over head. Upon thia ocoasion, however, I saw nothing but a curl or two ; for she woro a species of helmet, much affdoted, as I afterwards learnt, by women of condition, in that day, whoso husbands commanded regi ments of yeomanry, as did Lotd Dunblane. Being the first head-gear of the kind which I had eeen, its singularity struck me ; but her ladyship oarried this curious erection of buck ram, fur, and tinsel, with a grace which for bade a thought of ridioule. Her beautiful figure was set off by a spencer of Boarlet cloth, and a tight-fitting skirt of some white material whioh appeared to have been dumped, it clung bo close to her person. It was evident that her ladyship was not neglectful of her appearanoe, nor unmindful of the impression she made upon even a humble individnal like myself. She came forward and greeted me with infinite sauvity, saying : ' It is amiable of you, Mr. Carthows, to oome and take pity on our solitude. We see no ono from one week's end to another in this cnstle of Otranto (you have read Mr. Walpule's romance f), where all is so gloomy and mysteri ous that, as I tell my lord, I am really alarmed sometimes at the sound of my own voice ! ' ? I wish that occurred rather oftener,' mut tered his lordship. Sho continued, laughing, ' Our only society are the ghosts. You don't mind them, I hope P They are all of tho oldest families, for we are mighty select here, you must know. If they visit yon, you muBt esteem it a great honour, Mr. Carthows.' I replied in the same strain, that I felt my self to be wholly unworthy of that honour ; but that, if they came, I would try and receive them with beooming oourtesy. : ' ' Like my parrot,' cried her ladyship, laugh ing. ' He and my spaniel sloop in my room ; and sometimes, in tho dead of night, he calls ont, ' Pray, oome in, and take a chair!' which -startles me from my sleep, and frightens me ' out of my senses :' His lordship said something about her having no senses to bo frightened out of, I believe, ' and something about ' brutes.' She caught up ' the word, with a laugh. . : .; f Brutes? Oh, yea ; one gets accustomed to '.'the society of brutes, of any sort, when one has 'nothing else all day.' ? , ''Such amenities passed between the two were of constant occurrence, I suppose, for they pro ' duced little effect beyond deepening the scowl on his lordship's face. As to me, I felt very uncomfortable, and the charm of Lady Dun \- blano's beauty had already melted away. ? KTbough not a stupid woman, I saw that she -. i .was a very foolish one. How she dared to ag gravate a man of such a temperament as her .(?husband's amazed me. It. was juBt like a child ' handling fire. She rattled away and laughed all that evening with little intermission. Lord Dunblane scarcely opened his lips. Ovor the wine Pilson and I talked ; but his lordahip , stared moodily at tho fire, and said nothing. I began to think I had made a mistake in coming all the way from Aberdeen for this. To play the part of chorus to a matrimonial duet of the most discordant character was not pleasant ; and if my former friend was so self-absorbed as to be unable to speak to me, the sooner I left ' him the better. I suppose something of this sort struck him, for ho said, as he wished mo goodnight, 'You must not mind ray silence and absence of mind, Carthows. I am very glad to see you here ; but my present position gives me mnny anxieties. I am irritated and . worried until, by heaven ! T feel at times an if I should go mad.' Well, I went to bed, and slept ssundly. I never was an imaginative man, you see, or the room I was in might have conjured up some of those spiritual visitants her ladyship had . joked about, evidently to hor lord's annoy ance. Not that it was any worse than the other roomB in the castle. I take it they were all oak-panelled, with hideouB family portraits grinning from the wall upon the occupants of the vast draperied beds, in one of whinh I slept without waking, until the ser vant brought in my hot water for shaving. It ?was a bright morning, and at breakfast I found ? mv host in better spirits than ho had seemed the previous evening. I could not help specu lating whether this could bo in oonsequence of Lady Dunblane's absence. She never came down to breakfast, I found. Her maid, a ' most formidable-looking female, with red hair, aD 'ho muscles of a gillie, came in, I remom bu' ;th a tray, and took her ladyship's choco lirte.. {., ?- her. This person, I was afterwards told, hau been born on the estate, and wns devoted to Dunblane. £he had been ill spoken of as a giil; but Dnnblane's mother had be friended and made this Elspio her body ser vant, and Dunblane had insisted,' when he ' married, on her filling the eame office to his wife, muoh to that lady's anroyance, who ?wished for a modish waiting- woman from Edinburgh or London. So much for this ill favoured epeoimen of her sex, to whom I ' never spoke in my life, hut who impressed me very unfavourably whenever I Baw her. ' After breakfast his lordship took mo over the castle, and gave me all the historical associa tions connected with it, showing me, with great pride, the bed in which Queen Mary bad slopt ; a yew^jjree, said to have been planted by Robert firuoe ; and the suit of armour borne : by Dunblane of Dunblane at the battle of Bannookburn. He dilated on the glories of his house with moro animation ? than I had yet observed : then suddenly the cloud camo over him. 'And to think,' he said, 'that all this must pass into another line— into hands that : have been debased by trade' (whioh was not 'polite to me; but he entirely forgot ray pre ? ; senco for the moment, Iamsuro) ; 'to think that -' people who have hardly a drop of old blood in ''' their veins, who have intermarried for gene \-- rations -with Smiths and Browns, and plebeian '?'? names of that kind, should come to inherit this, \- -whioh they have no feeling for, no pride' in — -T i'-W TTflnvAn if. in nnnnirli tn wrinn. ntift'fl hunrf. I' i --And this was the way ho wont on, from time ?-''- ito time, bursting out in. imprecations on his i- -fate in having no heir, and upon tho evil : star 11 whioh bad riaen over his house. It wns in '--vain that I pointed out that he was young 'still, and' in good health, and must not abandon ''???' lope.' He Bhook'hia head gloomily. ' The ipropheoy is against me : itisnouae. .! . ?. ': ?- -when five Dunblanca lmvo had no son. Then shall the lino direct bo run.' h It is clear enough, is it notP I am doomed. jii-!X-ahbnld have known it. When did such a prophecy ovor come wrong ? What a oursod AS fool I was to. marry !' '?'»'??? So I thought'; to marry, that is to Bay, he ho I tad done ; but I abstained from Bftying so. .i, By-and-by his lordship took Mr. Pilson to his ?.' study, where they wore engaged for eomo hours ?'?? over business; and I wbb loft alone to ramble '.W about the oaatlo, inBide and out, as I would. , -Eememhering . tho story I had heard of a .secret room, I oounted all tho windows, out ? '.side, and then, returning to the custlo, tra versed «v«ry passage, mounted every turret, ,: and opened every door I could, to see if tho .'?number of windows corresponded. With the .' : help of tho serving man whom I met on tho etairs, and who knew all the rooms in the caBtle, he said, I acoounted for each window ' ' satisfactorily. Ana alter two hours diligent 1 endeavour to fiolvo this mystery, I arrived ut . .the conclusion that there could be no room— it was all humbug. I was at a time of life, you see,' whfn over confidence in one's own powers ? ? is apt to lead one to very false conclusions. ,! At lunoheon Lady Dunblane appeared, and .. an incident, whioh left a painful impression on / my mind, took plaoe on that ocoasion. Dun '.' blat e bad a peculiar avorsion to her ladyship's i epaniel. Striot orders were given that he was ,'??. to bo confined to. hor ladyehip'B own suite of . ' rooms, and on no account to bo ullowod beyond them. But eomo door had inadvertently been left open, and,whilo wo were at lunoheon, tho spaniel ran barking into the room, round and round the table, and finally straight between . his lordship's legs, who was at that moment smarting under one of liU wife's sallies. Ho roared out in a voice of thundor : ? How of ten' have I told you, ma'am, to keep that infernal little beast in your own room f ' and he kiokod out so viciously, that he sent the poor animal spinning along the oak floor to the further end of the room, where ho lay howling. His mistress ran up, and seized , him in her arms; the' creature's leg was broken. Hor ladyship shrieked, and stamped, and my lord swore ; and*, thoroughly eiokened with the whole scone, I rose and left tho, room. Pilson joined me in tho hall. ' ' ' What is to be the end of all this ?' I Baid to him. His answer was, ' I am afraid to think/ ' Lord Dunbluno,' I said, ' seems to mo to be losing all self-restraint. If he goes on thus, what w 11 become of him f Pilson looked round him, then leaned forward and whispered, ' He will end his days in a mad house.' Dunblane] shut himself into his room for tho rest of the afternoon. By-and by her ladyship drove out in hor ooaoh and four, and oarried her dog in her nrms to a veterinary sur geon some miles off. At dinner she appeared in as brilliant spirits as ever. How muoh of this was real I cannot say ; nor, supposing her hilarity to bo asaumed, whother it was done for the purpose of aggravating her lord. It cer tainly succeeded, if so. His morooeness was enlivened by several ferocious sallies. The conversation turned upon France, I remembfr, and on the probabilities of the First Consul being made emperor, a subject that engrossed all mindB just then. ' ' How I admire that little man 1' exclaimed her ladyship. ' How much greater to found a dynasty, an ne iBaomc, man io mneric an me orowna in Europe ! I begin to wish I was a Frenchwoman !' ' I begin to wish you were !' cried my lord. 1 There is not another- British peeress who would disgrace herself by uttering such a sen timent.' Sho laughed aloud, and replied, * Oh ! be cause they are loss frank than I am. All women admire Le Petit Caporal in their hearts. What fun it will be if he comes over here, and conquers us ! It will be much nicer being the subjects of a great heio, instead of tho subjeotB of a mad old king, who——' ' Hold your tongue, ma'am !' shouted Dun blane, bringing his fist down upon the table with a foroe which made the glasses clatter : ' or, if you will talk your low treasonous rubbish, go : and talk it in the kitchen. You shall not talk it here !' She only laughed in reply. She certainly seemed to take a delight in provoking him ; and, as she knew hia sensitive points, this was not difficult. I found an opportunity, over a game of criobage, later in tho evening, of ask ing her why she acted thus. No doubt this wns somewhat of a liberty, considering our short acquaintance ; but I felt I could not re main longer in the house without trying to amend matters. ' Oh !' she said, ' anything for a little excite ment in this horribly monotonous life I should die of ennui if it wasn't for the tiffs with my lord.' I told her she did not know what harm she was doing ; and I asked if she never felt afraid of irritating a man so passionate at his lord ship. ' Bless you, no,' wrs her reply. ' It is he W11U XO U11U1U) *c»»»jj vi me — u- u*jr tuuguv/| jvu see. Ha, ha! No one ever answered him before ; his mother, his friends, his servants, — why, — yourself, I daresay, you never contradiot him ? Now, I always do, and I always say just what I like. He hates mo, of course, but he is afraid of mo, Mr. Oarthews. Ha, ha, ha !' ' Good heavens ! I thought to myself, and these two people are tied to each other for life. Both have a fair chance of living for the next forty years. What a prospect! Even before we separated for the night she had stung him with another of her irritating speeehes. There had been some talk of the steward's boy, who bad tumbled from a tree, and had broken his leg. ... ' Children are a horrid bore,' said Lady Dunblane. 'Thank Heaven, I have no brat to he tumbling from trees, and worry ing one's life out.' I dare say Bhe did not mean it. It is hardly possible that, under the circumstances, she should not have wished for a child. The devil whb in the woman, constantly prompting some thing to aggravatoher husband. His baok was towards me, on this ocoasion, and he slid nothing, so I could only judge of theeffeot pro duced upon him by his instastlj lighting a chamber candlestick and leaving the room. We saw him no more that night. The next day and (he day following only further developed the hopeless condition of affairs between Lord and Lady Dunblane. I tried once to speak to him on the subject, but I found it was in vain. An ineradicable hatred of his wife had grown up in him, which he did not attempt to conceal. When alono with him ho would occasionally converse ; in her pre sence ho seemed to be perpetually on the look out for what might drop from her irrepressible tongue. The fourth day of my stay at tho caatle— the day before I was obliged to return to Aberdeen — arrived, and with it oame a guest, who, although' expected, was evidently anything but welcome. This was Mr. James Dunblane, tho heir-at-law, who had only lately been traced, and between whom and Lord Dun blane certain communications had been passed by letter, ^his was his first viBit to the castle — a visit which, as I afterwards lenrnt, was a matter almost of necessity. He seemed to feel the awkwardness of his position. I do not re member muoh about the young man, except that he was plain in person, and very quiet. Lord Dunblane received ' him coldly, but politely. Lady. Dunblane, after the usual fashion, plunged at once into tho subject of all others his lordship shrunk from any notice of. ???-?.. ? So you are come, as heir-at-law, to be let into the secret of this famous Toom are you! Why, it is as bad as being made a freomason ! . . . Oan you keep a secret, Mr. Dunblane P be couse, if not, untold misfortunes are to befal us.' . And the laugh with whioh she concluded sounded to me like the screech of an owl fore boding evil. Lord Dunblane looked as, if he could have stabbed her, bnt h» o^nly muttered an oath under his breath, and clenched his fist — a movement which no one saw but myself. Every incident of that evening is fresh in my reooncution. x rememuer now boo returnou again and again to that subjeot. as though it had a fatal fascination for her, but more likely, I . fear, because the/ saw that ?. ', her ; -hiisband writhed under it. Bhe ridiculed the propheoy, and laughed ot all those superstitions, whioh his lordship cherished as hia religion. It,wnB distressing to watoh him the while. Ho' was far.qnieter than usua£, acarouly epoko, but sat, his arms crossed, staring at tho fire, with/byeB whioh burnt, themselves, liko coals, and 'when he swore, which he djd once or twioo, it'was in:; a suppressed voice,, contrasting, strangely with. Mb usual violence. But'thoro was a vibration in'the tono whioh, showed how strongly ho was stirred. At last, it was lato in tho evening, and we were Bitting round 'her ladyship's tea table, when she committed her crowriingvact of folly by offering to lay a wager with any one that Bhe would find out the secret room herself, I need hardly say no one accepted the chal lenge. But she was 'not to be discouraged.1 She-had seen her husband's face go white, and tho look which he had shot at hor gave a zest to 'her auduoious scheme. : She repeated her dcolnrution that sho would ponotrato this won ful mystery. Suchthings were well enough to frighten old women with in tho middle ages, but bow any ono could believe in predictions and other rubbish of. thiB kind in the present Utiy. pUHBUU UCr UUUipiDllVUCtUU, JL'Ul 11OL JJUlb she had no faith in anything of tho kind, and to prove what folly it was, sho should leave no stone unturned to discovor this room about whioh such u fuss was made : after which tho secret, sho doclared, should remain ono no longer. I tried to stop her ; Pilson tried to Btopher; it was all no use. riho had got the bit betwoen her teeth, so to speak, and away she went, pnrtly to show off, and partly out of Bpito, regardless of what Bhe said, provided it pro duced an effect and inflamed my lord yet more. Sho pictured, laughingly, the cob-wobbed oon dition of the room, and how sho would turn in thu housemaid with broom and duster; after which Bho would givo an evening purty there, and invite all tho ghosts to come, if (hoy choose — ' indeed the blnok, gentleman himself !k . ' .' Poor woman, she little know whii£-she was in voking; .' No ono laughed.' Even the heir, who, being shy, always smiled when required, looked too stupefied 'to; bomply with the': de- mand on tlits occasion.' To glarice 'at Lord' Dunblane's face was enough to check any in clination to hilarity. I baio never forgotten its expression. I hud witnessed his ungovern.i able passion Boo'res of times, prompting him to andden aots' of violence. But now, there was a certain admixture of fear («ho had divided rightly, I paw, when nho said he wa8 afraid of her) with the rage which trembled through his whole frame, the like of which I huvo nevor beheld but once since in my life. I flaw a boast-tamer enter tho hyenas' den Ht the show last year. The aspoct of their malignant fury cowed by terror, but watohing for its opportu nity to burst forth, tho savago hissing where with they received tho lash and showed their fangs, recalltd to me Duublane's domeanour as he listened to hiB wife. ... At lost, 1 could stand it no longer, and made up my mind to tell a lie. ' Lady Dunblane,' I said, ? like moRtScotoh men, I am a trifle superstitious. This is my last night nnder your hospitable roof, and I am sure you would not willingly disturb ita rest. You nre so happily constituted as to bo above fenr of any kind. Others are weaker. Lot mo earnestly advise you to leave all the superstitions connected with Dunblane Castle alone. Believe me, there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in yonr ladyship's philosophy.' She burst out a. laughing, as usual. ' Oh, Mr. CarthewB, I am ashamed of you. But I see what it is. You are afraid, not of the ghosts and predictions, but of my lord. Well, I shall bob you in May, when I pass through Aberdeen on my way south, and I shall tell you all about it then ; for, depend upon it, I ahull have found out the secret by that time.' And so, in the insolence of youth and high spirits and an indomitable will, she bade me good night, poor woman, and I never saw her again. (To he continued.) 