trUiiiS t)f jfOuS. Fire. — As yre "were going to press at two o'clock this morning a fire was observed ia tlie direction of Oolii us-street, and on pro ceeding tiiitlier learnt tliat tile building, a we&tiierboard; one, owned by Mr. A. Scott, contractor, was oil lire. The only particular we could gather were that about Jialf-past one, one ot tbe children was awakened by the smoke, and immediately save the alarm. Before, however, the occupants were pro perly awake, the whole place was enveloped in names. The building was insured for £J50<. As usual, the whole affair is a mystery. Value of Hamilton Land. — it will be remembered that in January last at a safe of properties belonging to tbe late Mr. Bergin, Mr. Thiel became tbe purchaser of the sale yards in Lonsdale -street adjoining the Caledonian Hotel, at a sum of £150 which was thought a high figure at the time' Mr. Thiel now reports that he h" been offered and has refused £3 per foot frontage for this fend, which figure would yield film a profit of £200 on his bargain. This advance of 133 per cent in nine months in the value of property in one of our second-class streets nay be taken as an indication that town allotments in the borough are becoming better appreciated, notwithstanding the dul- ness of tue times. Land Sale at Hamilton.- — Some eligible town lots in Hamilton will be offered at a Ciown lands safe on Tuesday next, the 12th inst. These consist of ten allotments in section 14C, and the land is situated on the hill overlooking the cricket ground. The site commands some very fine -views of the picturesque country abont the Grange Creek, audas the slope of the ground prevents the pos sibility of the prospect being shut out by any future buildings that may be erected lower down the hill it mav lie einww-t.d 1 1. -> f sites to be sold on Tuesday will be in good demand for villa residences. The npset price is £20 5s per lot. Hamilton Circuit Court. — The Assizes will be held at Hamilton next Mon day, His Houor Mr. Justice Stephen pre siding. The only two cases for trial at present, are those of I'eier Clarke, charged with rape on a young girl at the Hamilton Hospital, and William Roskell, who is indicted for fraudulently altering aud utter ing an order upon Mr. Refer Learmonth for the payment of money. Dundas Shihe Council. — The report of the meeting of this Council, held yesterday, will appear m our Saturday's issue. ' The Revenue Returns for the first quarter of the fiscal year were published yesterday. The falling-off in the national receipts still continues, and this quarter is £41,252 deficient in comparison with the corresponding quarter of 1879, though heavy- new taxation, including the stamp duties, has been imposed in the meantime. A Bold Challenge. — It may safely be avowed that there is not a more enthusi astic sheep-breeder in the colony than Mr. A AuBtin, who, with reason, believes that for weight of fleece, his long-woolled sheep are bard to beat. None will, therefore, feel suiprised to learn that at Hexham on Thurs day last he boldly offered to bet £20 that the scoured fleece from cue of his exhibits was not to be beaten by that of any other ammoi in the yards. He was taken np by Mr. G. Mackay, manager for Mr. R. Hood, of Mere rang, who, we understand has selected two sheep from which the fleeces are to be cut. Gue of these is Air. A Mackenzie's ewe that won the first prize in class 2, and which was shorn on the 27th of October last ; the other isan exhibit of Air. B. Hood's in class 1, and which was shorn on the 10th October last. Air. Austin's ram from which the fleece is to ue taken is the one for which he gained hon ourable mention in class 9, aud was shorn ou , hi ywiici. i»uu oi uus eesL will De awaited with no small amount ol interest in this district where the sheep of all the geutle- mm mentioned are so well and favorably known. Ibis experiment suggests to our mind that it would be a capital idea were a special prize given at our next annual show for tbe heaviest fleece in the yard, and, if the committee do not object, we shall be agree able to our special prize being so competed for. There are already prizes for the best rams and the best ewes, and the innovation suggested could hardly fed, we imagine, to cause considerable competition, whilst tbe shearing of the exhibits in the yard would be the means of attracting many spectators. Football. — A football match will take place on the Friendly Societies' Ground this afternoon between twenties from the stores aud trades. Admission to the ground, sixpence; ladies, free. Kick-off at 2.39 sharp. Players are requested to attend punctually at the time named. The Hamil ton Brass Band will be in attendance during the afternoon. The following are the "-"t" of the teams : — Tradesmen C. Friend (captain), W. Shipham (vice-captain), W. Sloane, J. Cameron, D. Al'Rhee, J. Gibson) 0\. Gibson, B. Naveau, J. Kennedy. B. Ship, ham, G. Barnett, A. Friend, W. Withington, J. Logan, D. Wdffiuden, B. Coulter, L. Kesgan, T. Bowler, E. Heafey, W. Green. Emergencies — B. Phillips, P. Wiseman, L. Wyatt, W. LovelL The following represents the Stores team Dunnon (captain), Ral ston (vice-captain), M-Donald, Schultz, M-Kinuou, Gaffney (2), Keegau, Muuro, Afclnnes, Cross, Greig, lies, Hamilton, Alan- son, Tedrea, Alaiue, Uren, Mayne, E. Friend. The proceeds will be given to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. The Hamilton brass band will be in attendance. The fol lowing players are requested to meet at Iindsay's Hotel at 4 p.m. on Friday to proceed to Portland, where tbev nlav on Saturday, returning by Atonday morning's train : - Lindsay (2), Henty, Wilson, Bloom- field, Watts, Grey, G.iffuey (2), Dnnnon, Shipham, Schultze, Paddy, Darcy, Aforrison, Cooke, Gregory, Hamilton (2). Muir, Bfeckney, Mallinson, Sloan, Norton, Coulter. Any of tbe above players unable to go are requested to inform the secretary to-day. As? Athletic Sports Meeting. We understand that our suggestion with respect to holding an athletic sports meeting ou the Prince of Wales' birthday, has fonna favor with the members of the Cricket Club, who propose to cany it out. As, however, the financial position of the Club is far from being a prosperous one, a great deal of the success of the meeting will depend upon the public themselves. An appeal therefore will probably be made to them. This, we doubt not, will be liberally responded to, and if so, a programme may be issued on a scale that) added to the ceremony of turning on water to the town, will attract thousands from far and near, and not only keep money in the town that otherwise might be spent else where, but also bring money to it. Pastoral aid Society. — It is noti fied that a meeting of the Church of England aud Presbyterian Pastoral Aid Society will be held in the Presbyterian Church to-mor row evening. Mr. H. Woliaston will deliver an address and the ordinary routine business will be transacted. Shipment op Wool from Portland. —We learn from Messrs. Bree. Dickens and Co., the Hamilton agents, tbat tbe City of Agra, already so" favorably known amongst shippers, will again load with wool at Port land this season. The vessel is to arrive at Portland during the first week in November aud, as much of her. cargo has already been secured, will receive prompt despatch. Braxxholue State School, No. 1978.— Tliedistrict inspector paid this school the usual yearly visit, made without notice, on tbe 5th inst. He reports under Oiganisa- tion, that monitors are well used, and the programme observed, and that the home exercises are neatly done. Discipline : The crowded state of the room does not allow this to be excellent ; class-drill is well used. Instruction : Suitable methods are used, and there is evident improvement both in manage ment and' general efficieucv thmsSinni ii., school. The verbal remarks made by the inspector were very encouraging to the teachers, labouring as they do under great difficulty in managing so crowded a school. The ability and diligence of the monitors were favourably commented on. Many parents entertain a prejudice against the em ployment of their children in this way bat the training they get for the work in a well; conducted school not only helps them im mensely in their ordinary studies, but tends to fit them for positions oi trust 'and useful. ncss in after life: TheabDitv and diligence of the assistant at this school have been re-' marked at eacfrvisit of theinspector. . V Drainage of Oondah Swamp.— In jftDBwer to the petition from tiie ?inhabitant?g ' of Condah Heywood, Braoxhbime, Portland) wwfctar, fcod Bjadnk, presented to (he j Minister of Lands by Mr. H. J. AVrixon A1.P.. praying tbat the drainage of Oondali Swamp be undertaken by Government, that gentleman has received a reply intimating that " The Hon. the Minister of Lands and Agriculture will consider carefully the ques tion of re-introducing into Parliament the Bill for authorising the drainage of the swamp alluded to. Tbe President of the Shire of Minhamite Mr. Baird has been so in formed." One of the Victims. — Amongst the batch of seventy-sis employees dismissed from the Lands. Department last week we find the name of Mr. M. C. B. Massle, who was for some years stationed at the Hamilton Land Office, but was removed to Melbourne about five years ago. . Altogether, Mr. Massie has been fourteen years in the Go vernment service, and in older to keep tbe wolf from, the door, he now desires to place at the disposal of the public the experience he has gained in the matter of expediting the granting of licenses, leases, transfers, &c.; A nonce to that effect appears in our adver tising columns, and we should say that selec tors aud others requiring business transacted at the Land Office could not do better than apply to Mr. Massie. The Victorian Review.— The Octo- ber number of this monthly is an admirable one, containing as it does a great variety of ably written articles ou interesting questions. The conductors have adopted a novel mode of proceeding by inducing a number of clergymen and laymen to embody in print their views on the " Atonement." The re quest has been complied with by the Bev. Canon Handheld, Church of England ; the Revs. William Henderson and Chaa. Strong, Presbyterian ; the Eev. W. Kelly, Roman Catholic; and Mr. George Bemerton, M, A . The opinions so expressed will doubtless secure many readers. Mr. H. B. Higgins, supplies an article on the land ques- law which allows the owner of land to control its use for half a century or more after his death. Were this law swept away, Mr. Higgins considers no excuse would be afforded for any bursting up policy. That able litterateur, Mr. James Smith, jis repre sented by an article on William Shakespeare, " the most supremely gifted man the world has ever seen/1 Mr. C. Hamilton Bromby, Tasmania, gives his third contribution on " Lewes' History of Philosophy" ; Mr. Roth, Queensland, discourses about " The influence of Climate and Soil on the Development of the Anglo-Australian Race " ; Mr. Vincent Cavendish, New Zealand, sends a study of the phenoineua of spiritnalism ; Mrs. Carter smartly replies to Mr. John Wood's views abont " Wages," aud a well written article on the sheep show at Messrs. Goldsbrough aud Co.'s stores, and the advance made in the wool induBtry, serves, along with an ex tract from the Nineteenth Century , to make the number very complete, and a credit to the enterprising proprietors. Gas foe Horshasl — A meeting has been held at Horsham to form a gas company, Mr. E» Clark in the chair. About , twenty persons only were present, bat these Beem to have meant business. After a few prelimi nary remarks about the benefits certain to result from the establishment in Horsham of a gas compauj7, the rhairman read the original prospectus of the Hamilton Gas Company, also one of their half-yearly reports, by which it appeared that from small beginnings the profits had increased sufficiently to justify the declaration of a 10 per cent, dividend. After some conversational discussion, it was agreed to adjourn the meeting for a week, a committee being meanwhile appointed to canvas $ the town for support in the estab lishment of a gas company. A letter has since been received in Hamilton from the chairman of the meeting inquiring when Mr. Bowman can make it convenient to visit Horsham for the purpose of reporting on the project of supplying gas to the metropolis of the Wunmera. The Crops in the Wimmeba. — Tuesday's Wimmera Star says 4i Reports as to the state of the crops in the district vary considerably, and it is impossible to arrive at any reliable estimate as to tbe yield, although in most localities they are said to be looking very welL Sheephills ap pears to be the least favoured part of the district, some of the farmers in tbat locality expressing a certainty that they will not ob tain six bushels to the acre. In other places a yield of 20 and 25 bushels is freely talked of, and sundry bets have been made about the produce of some of the farms. Up Kalkee way some of the wheat has suffered from frost, the yoang blades being absolutely black as if scorched by fire. Contrary to what might be expected the forms in the timbered country have suffered more from host than forms on the plains. Of course there is plenty of time for the frost-bitten fields to recover." As to the present price of wheat, the same authority says that 3s 5|d and 3s fid has been given in Horsham daring the last few days for wheat for local milling purposes. The International Rowing Match. — On Monday, Laycouk, of New South Wales, mid Blackmail, who is looked upon as one of the most accomplished scullers in Great Britain, rowed for £100 a side on the river Thames, from Putney to Mort- lakc, the usual champiou course. Judging by telegrams previously received, one would have been led to believe that the Australian would not have the ghost of a chance against his antagonist, but he upset these calcula tions by winning easily, Fe-haps the writers in the English sporting papers who also sneered at the idea of Trickett being able to hold his own against tbe American Cham pion, H anion, will n w be inclined to alter their tone. Blackman and Boyd are looked upon as being as good as any men in Eng- land. nevertheless Blackman a pretensions have been settled by a sculler who can only claim to play second fiddle to Trickett, and has all that he can do to beat Rush of New South Wales. Excursion Fare& — It appears the Hallway department have granted privileges in the way oi cheap travelling to peopie living outside the colony which they have hitherto denied to residents of Yictoria. A special arrangement has been made between the Western Stage Company and the' Mel bourne Bail way department whereby pas sengers brought by coach from Mt. Gambier and the South Australian border are con veyed by rail from Hamilton to Melbonrne and back again for a sum of £2, first el... rail fare ; whilst tbe people of Hamilton and the district adjacent if they want to travel to the Exhibition ami back are compelled to pay the ordinary fares of £1 16s each way, or £3 12s altogether for the same journey. Why residents of tbe colony should be" compelled to pay £i I6s more for travelling on their own railways than is charged to travellers from South Australia is one of those mysteries that the general public find it hard to understand. Cobb and Co.'s advertise ment with scale of return tickets by coach and rail is published in our advertising columns, by which it will be seen that these cheap excursion rickets are available for fourteen days, whilst anybody can satisfy himself by enquiry at the railway station tnat, except in ine case ot coacn passengers bronght from a distance in the vehicles oi the Western Stage Company, there is no re duction upon the ordinary fares. "Most or the blessings ln disguise," in the shape of medicinal preparations, that are so coated, or amalgamated, as to destroy if prac ticable, the nauseous taste of the original drugs, either lose their efficacy in the articles used for the admixture, or still give out their unpleasant tastes or odors, despite the surroundings. Not so with Uuoltko Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. It is most palatable, being inoffen sive to the smell and grateful to the taste, and often sought by patients because of its aromatic properties. — AdvtJ The Hovskdm Times says : — " Our Warrack- nabeal -correspondent informs us of a most ex traordinary occurrence which took plane at Lake Coorong one day last week. It appears that a Mr. Anders a selector at Lake Coorong, kept ferrets, probably for the purpose of rabbit ex termination, and on tbe day in question Mrs. Anders, went out for tbe purpose of obtaining some wood and water, leaving her infant asleep in the cradle. During her absence one of the ferrets got out of its cage and attacked tbe child, fastening "on to its fees. When the mother returned, tbe animal was sucking the blood of the poor innocent, and the effects are such that the repcvpiyr of the child isconsidered quite hopeless. This is the first instance of the soft which we have heard, but the ferocity of these animals is well known. We trust, how ever, that the - result will not be so sad as is anticipated. The brave "Jack Tars" of England would appear to be very unruly customers. Between 12 and .1 o do«k pu Tuesday morning some twenty of them, armed with ding shot, broke into 'the Hibernian Hotel. Melbourne, because tiie (landlord "would not open the door, and brataUy assaulted him, as also some persons who WMrtfoHflWWt ' Hamilton Hospital. — Subscriptions received from April to September, 1880 : — Kenilioorth. — Edward Crossley ...£11 0 0 \- Hamilton- — A. T. Campbell, £1 1b ; R H. Jackson, £1 Is ; W, and "W. Thomson, £2 2s ; H. C. Heales, £1 Is; Colonial Bank, £5 5s ; W. G. Farroll, £1 Is ; H. Horwitz, £1 li ; D. Laid- iaw, £1 1b ; Thomas Pratt, £1 Is ; J. R Kaiwikiij £1 Is ; G. Mott, £1 ; J. Gray, £1 ; C. Noeke, £1 ; Jones and Greed, £1 ; John Roberstson, £2 ; Rank of Victoria, £10 XOs ; W. H. Graham, 10s ; J. M'Keliar (Strath- kellar), £5 10s ; Mrs. Maloziej, £2 ; of Australasia, £5 ; Thomas D. Wilson, £1 Is ; Thomas Walker, £1 Is ; R Dempster, £2 ; Thomas Lilly, £1 10s ; R Hetherington (Mount Napier), £5; show yard per John Ritchie, 15a; National Bank, £10; ' John Lindsay, £1 Is ; Thos. Mills, £1 Is ; John. Owens, 5s ; F. Paech, 5s ; W. Holden, 10s Gd ; Run. Kwong Wax« 10s 6d ; A. Bullock, ?s 6d ; G. Illlyer, £1 Is; Wax. Shields, £1 Is; Jas. Shugg, £1 Is; A. H. Constable, £1 Is ; Max Jacoby, £1 Is ; Chas. Dunn, £1 Is ; Sam Lee, 10s 6d ; Richard Heath, £1 ; Johazm Hundzack, 5s ; H. J. Bloo infield, £1 Is ; H. Cross (football match), £1 8s ; William Smith, £1 Is £93 4 0 Portland, — -Portland Shire Council, £3 3s ; W.C.W., £1 £4 4 0 Gape Wrath-" Received in January, 1880, for the year 1879. — James M'Lellan, £2 2s ; A M'Keozie (for feited wages), £1 2s 3d ; Win. Smith (enmity to dumb animals), £1 ; Geo. Collins and Sam Keen, jun., 5s each ; John Keen, Robert Walker, James Collins, Harry Green, Wm. Green, jun., Arthur M'Uvena, John M'Uvena, John Fleming, Dennis Fleming, Peter Duval, James Darcy, Edward Wilsher, Joseph Peach, Annie Walters and Annie Wise, 2s 6d each; Bernard H'Gexmisken, jun., and Charles M'Gennisken, Is each ... ... ... 6 33 9 