CRUMBS. For the quarter ending with June the land revenue of the Burrowa district was £8,661/13/6 ; for the half-year £13, 782/11/7. D. Lynch and J. Lenihan, Gundagai, have applied for permission to mine for gold under the reserved roadway north of portion 157 Jones's creek, ; parish North Gundagai. Last Christmas Day ; the whole, of the happy Kelly family sat together to eat their " Christmas pie ;" and, though, the Vic- torian police knew of the gathering, they had too much respect for the time-honoured English festival to spoil the party. They are to be commended for this : and then you know, the big reward was not to be withdrawn on Boxing Day ! Mrs. Jones, of Glenrowan, has started an action against the Victorian Government for the loss of her house by fire and of her son by Government bullets. She has no sym- pathy with incendiaries and murderers. Candidates are in a desperate hurry about next election ; by the time they have suf- fered six months' " nobblerising " of the free and independent they will begin to look upon the game of politics as are expensive pastime. Mr. Solomon Meyer is to be a candidate for the Lachlan. Mr. Gormley intends to run on the free selectors' ticket for the Murrumbidgee. Cobb and Co. coach upset near Grahams- town last week. Mr. Travers Jones, of Muttama, received some injury, but it was not serious. The accident is attributed to the bad state of the road. A man was severely burnt by falling into a fire at Temora last Saturday. A subscrip- tion was raised and the sufferer sent to Wagga hospital. It has been stated by telegrams that the Loyal Orange Lodge at Queenbeyan cele- brated the 12th July by a procession through the town, carrying party colours, and headed by a brass band. The Lodge re- ferred to is a benefit society registered under, the Friendly Societies Act. A lady phrenologist has been feeling bumps for townspeople in Cootamundra this week. She told Mr. C. up the street that his frightful development of the bump of inquisitiveness would be likely to bring about a bump under each eye if he didn't refrain from poking his nose into other people's business : and Mr. Mac. down the street was warned that his ambition would, if he didn't take great care, drive him into parliament. Time proves all things. An exchange will persist, in styling us the C. Herald. We can't see what their object is. We were christened with a full name, and don't like to see it facetiously cut short. The capture of the Quirindi bushrangers was " hourly expected " a month ago ! The completion of St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, Sydney, is to cost about thirty thousand pounds. Mr. John Young has undertaken the contract. The Illustrated Sydney News gives the best sketches of the events connected with the Kelly gang and their capture. A libel case has been commenced against the Freeman's Journal by Dr. Taylor, of the Lunatic Asylum, Parramatta. Dr. M'Alroy, Vicar- General of the Catholic Diocese of Goulburn, died at Albury on Wednesday. It will be remem- bered that the deceased chanted the high mass at the opening of the Catholic Church in Cootamundra. Two deaths of well- known persons have occurred at Young this week — that of Mrs. Henry Burdon Hutchings, aged 25 ; and that of' Mrs. Caldwell, wife of Mr. Steele Caldwell, of the Bland district. The revision of the New Testament has been completed, and will shortly be published ; that of the Old Testament will not be completed till 1882. The " Eight Wonder " beats the 15 puzzle — it's past finding out. At Goulburn a company is being formed to develop the Berrima coal mines. Hope they may succeed. " Squattocratic," a new word of Aboriginal and Greek components, is that applied by selector's to political candidates in the inter- ests of crown lessees. After the style of the " squirearchy " of the old country. One of the candidates named for our electorate is a man of broad " understand ings," and his intellectual foot will prove a caution to the little cockroaches that dare to cross his path. Rumours are still raging. A certain moneyed man of the " city " says he's " eager " to represent " N.S.W." but another " commercial " says he'll bet a brass " pinny " (Paddy'd say) that he hasn't the ghost of a chance. A prominent member of the Vigilance Committee is also spoken of as the coming man. He promises to lay the Murrumbidgee on to every house in town — to make Coota- mundra the seat of the Federal Government. Ned Kelly regrets now that he made an important omission in his suit of armour — he forgot to fortify his youthful heart against the bullets of Satan. So saith the preacher. Let other young Australians profit by the lesson. Writers in the Victorian press have been deploring the falling off in marriages and puzzling themselves to devise a means of promoting this blessed institution. They couldn't do better than start a baby show. Australians won't be beaten at anything. The " Oracle " crushing plant recently erected to work the Diamond Hill reef at Brook's Creek, near Gundaroo, has cost about £2,000. This reef is being worked by a company of capitalists with Mr. Joseph Copeland, well known in this town, as their manager. It is expected to turn out a very payable concern. The Rev. Geo. Dale Copeland, B.D., vicar of St. Stephen's, Walworth, South London, whose writings and preaching are attracting great attention at the hands of the London press is a brother of Mr. Joseph Copeland, of Cootamundra, and of Mr. H. Copeland, M.L.A. A full biography of this now eminent minister is published in the South London Gazette just to hand ; but all rights are reserved. We shall be happy to repub- lish next week the shorter notice appearing in the Lambeth Ensign, also to hand, which says that no minister in South London — Mr. Spurgeon excepted — has had more notice from the local press during the last eighteen months than the Rev. Geo. Dale Copeland. The Narandera Oddfellows' Lodge have very loyally determined to hand over the a balance of their funds , (over £100) to the local hospital — that is, when a hospital is established there. This handsome donation was made on the suggestion of Mr. A. N. Jonsen, to whom, and the other members of the lodge, the thanks of the community are due. The want of a hospital has long been felt in the district, and the liberality of the Oddfellows has made the matter of its initiation easy. 