THE VICTORIAN REVIEW JULY NUMBER. The present number of the Vinft: Review is highly scientific, and : suited than some former ones to the:-. ral render. This, wo mention, ha. we understand the Review to be iniit for the use of all, and not for a ci But some allowance nni3t be muU-j exigencies in the selection of hum: and wo must not bo too exacting. V this one abatement, the present mil. is calculated to sustain the rejnuati has acquired for itself, and it cv.iv: much valuable, important, andii-stnu: reading. Sir. C. Hamilton Bromby continue able, scholarly, critical notices of "L. ! History of Philosophy" in the \tt : number, which is worthy of a forct place in any of the high class period: of the day. Penetrated with .1 <: sense of the importance of lis subject. brings a great amount of labour lo i upon it, and yet writes in a very pay. style—in one level to the comprehen of all. " Nineteenth Century Englai by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, is a repl Sir. A. 31. Topp's article in the last v her of the Meiboubxe Review on future of the German Empire, and is well done. Jlr. Fitchell does not bel in Mr. Topp'3 view of Germany becoi: ■'the future master of England the nim clad figure of a pipe-clayed and spike meted Prussian major-general," and gives good reasons for his disbelief, sees in " nineteenth Century Englisn, great promise of the future of our 1 and warns some of the public men at end of the world, "who would break tie of race," against " flinging away i national birthricht and inheritance. snatch some frivolous, selfish, j*. triumph." " The man," he says, " 1 hints a policy of this sort, as some 1: hinted it,is guilty, not so much uf tru against the Queeu's throne, as of a la; and blacker treason. His act is ul treachery against the whole future 01 race and of the world. Such a : would burn down a temple t" warm own hands, or to roast an egir for dinner." "Proportional Representation," Guido Padelctti, Florence, trausk from the Italian by James Siiiitk,' Few Words about Berangtr," by Jo!"' Porrin, New Zealand,'" liioJum iiioh: by Edward B. Sauger, Adelaide, "'1 Placo of Religion in Literature,'' by 31 C. H. Spencer, Adelaide, "A Veueu Dramatist," by James Smith, are papers of great merit, and will meet 5 numerous readers. "Senuous on (itiift by Dr. Bromby," by the Very Iltvi-n the Dean of Melbourne, must be re.* as a remonstrance against an usaiui: tion of the Bible in any other light l in that of a divinely inspired bi.uk, s as it professos to be. *' Admit tie i? says Dean Macartney, to lo the you the Spirit of God, that the human ur wrote " as he was moved by the lj Ghost," and all difficulties vanish; - history of creation, the fmniatiia Adam atid of the woman, the [mAi tion or the shortening of human hit, follow as matters of course, awl r n~ in . themselves no manner of uiu!L'U.t From the Bishop of Natal Oo?hm there are many miuistcrs of l^an ■' cartney'B church ready to give "I1 * he holds dear, but it is his purpose X to-say at the bidding of any—".'•■ render." Dean Macartney's arM* well reasoned out, aud will well J<-V -carefnl perusaL It is the product""!'. man with strong convictions, no:" to' be soon shaken in tho " faith mi* l livered to the saints." Next wo have articles on " &*"■ ' Faust' aud Byron's " Manfred,' I'J Colonna Close, " The Affairs oi Kur?l' by Emilio Castelar, Madrid, "A llenac. Comet," by Richard A. Proctor, '' Decay of Matrimony in Victoiia," dt 1 Editor, H. Mortimer Franklyn, ?■ " Contemporary Thought of Great t tain, Europe, aud the United Siau making up altogether a very ??1'1 number. Mr. Proctor's article on coffl will be deeply interesting to many,a its appearance is opportune, but it ?I.' be read to be appreciated. Of the pro: We consequences of a comet coining. tontictwith the sun, Mr. Proctor wr. thii? :—" If at any time a great c? falling directly on the sun, should, by' awift rush of its meteoric cotuponej excite the sun to a lustre far exceed that with which he at present shines,' sudden access of lustre and of heat ?" I rovo destrnctivo to every living crest" or, at any rate, to all the higher ion? life upon this earth. And though ? few days tho sun might resume Ins <"' nary lustre, aud no longer glow ■??l" normal heat, he would pour liis ?J 5 a familyof worlds in which not cue" higher forms, cither ot vegetal* animal life, would remain in existence' 