' (PUBIJSHEI) DAILY.) ? , JTlBIOi TKOO. ? MOKPiY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1880. Mb. Douglas' motion for a bonus of £5000 to encoijiage the establis'jmont of a bacon-oaring factory was one which we must confess we regarded as a joke. Not that we are indifferent to the value of bacon-curing as a business, or pig keeping as an industry for settlers, but Biniply because, as the motion was framed, we did not see how it proposed to do any practical good. There is some very excellent bacon being pro duced in the colony, and a great deal of very execrable stuff. The best means of improving the quality of the pro duct is, we believe, afforded by the open market Good bacon sells at a highl remunerative price, bad bacon at a stir which hardly covers the cost of pre paration and leaves nothing whatever for the meat.. Although the motion came to nothing, the discussion on it was interesting, and to BOine extent amusing. The amuse mentVas furnished by the Minister for Lands. According to Hansard he found i a reason for the production of bad bacon on the Darling Downs, and there 'can be no doubt that exceedingly bad salt pig is produced and misnamed bacon- here. It appears that the far mers had people ' who were endeavor ' ing td mislead and teach them politics, ' and direct their attention into any and every: groove except that of honest in dustry j'tbey led them away from their industrial pursuits, and invited them to hold talse bogus meetings in different parts of the district discussing things they knew as much about as he knew of the Egyptian pyramids.' Now we must confess that we never before heardthat an acquaintance with politics \- prevented men from knowing how to cure bacon, but we must really protest on behalf of the people of this district against one statement Mr. Perkins made. How much he knows about the Egyptian pyramids we really cannot tell, but we are very sure that as ? general rule the Darling Downs people have a very clear acquaintance with the subjects they discuss at political meet ings. It is possible that they may have arrived lately at conclusions distasteful to Mr. Perkins, but that does not necessarily display any ignorance on their part. And we must protest also against the statement that they (the eettlers) ' had a great desire, being educated by these pushing people, to sell everything that was on their farms at once — to sell or bargain it away, no matter how low ihe price mightbe — not to keep it to ferd animals in tbe winter time.' The ' pushing people' referred to are the false propliefcs who, in Mr. Pehkiks' opinion, are misleading the unhappy people of tl?e Downs on all subjects political or inoi-strial. .The people of tins district are not quite the fools that Mr. Perkins represents them to be. If they have Vea in the habit of rushing produce tart Ibe market and selling at any p;ice, it is not because of the teaching instilled into them by any other schoolmaster than the grim teacher ' Necessity.' They have been ' hard up' and compelled to realise. However, tbe discussion opened up many points of interest. But it did not go qui^e to the root of the matter, that is, regarding it as en abstract dis cussion on the preseat position of fann ing, and it was really nothing more. The necessity for keeping pigs and turn ing unprofitable grain into profitable meat was dearly pointed out. And there was some ground, after all, for Mr. Perkins' complaint that the pBople had been misled in the matter. But the misleading has not been done ' lately, nor by the people against ?whom the Minister for Lands directed his scorn. It was done when the perni cious doctrine was first established that settlement must necesuuily be agricul tural in the narrowest and most re stricted sense of the term. Once we abandon that notion and no longer at tempt to force settlement into a narrow channel by our land laws and other wise we shall be on the right track. Tue production of meat ought to be, taking the colony all round, the main, reliance of these who labor on the soil. Whether that meat is beef or mutton to be exported in a frozen state, or pig to be salted or cured into ham and bacon, is ft matter of indifference. But in a country with a limited population and unlimited land, settlers must always keep steadily in view the object of turning the vegetable product of the soil, for which they have only a small and easily glutted market, into flesh, for which, is. a preserved state they can command unlimited buyers. It is the squatters who have been mainly guilty of the attempt to restrict settlement -to agriculture alone. Let xa understand clearly th»t it is not so, and that meat production is quite as much the object of bona Jidt settle ment as growing jnaiae, and we shall be on the way to effect a reform not merely in our land laws, but in the status of our whole farming population. iMMtOVMEMTS IN DEAWINOS FOBSWBKW. — The -W*hW '-* *»'»'« il tjpUwtiw ?whole orthe numbers iu ooe barrel, MB number. ropteB8Bti«ttieptiBM w«M«»r, driwing one tloketiromeMh band until the tickets representing the print are exhauated. : An itmovtttfon'iai:tnl« system has jut been Introduced by » Mr H.OamblB, «fomirt,of Melbourne, who jropoie* to feet up » sweep of £2000 withe Melbourne cup. He intend* to portion oot the horses eoihat aadilniii* dirt of tickets i» wpreitnted by en equal nttmber61«oc«ptofi*nii hon.aooeptoit._ By thiiineaos ? the cbanoee are'evenly dwte bnted. By the old pl»n the whole of the nibes aughtl* Jx»wn,»na holderi of nom heninwmBOf the huudnsdi not b.e i«J»re. ?anted' 'to|:l»jr- jMt -uflamme'a Jirinolple «*& haStea '-hM*!! eqttttl oKaooe, »o tbiit Iii^pf#ie,oh1woe6,^iM'--rtf;ei«ht or Good Timtlabs.— An open meeting of the Ark of Safely Lodge will be held to- morrow erening in the Oddfellows Hall. There will be speechifying, songs, &c.; Tbe Weathek. — A. change ia the weather took place last night. In the evening a dense mass of black clouds appeared iu the western sky, and daring the night there was a smart shower of rain, and a second one about eight o'clock this morning. The total rainfall was 0'10 inch. The weather to-day was cool, and several showers fell. We arc indebted to Mr. Langley for the following re port of tha weather for the twenty-four hoars ending at 9 o'clock this morning:— Brisbane, storm early morning, rainfall, '019 ; Nanango, 9., oloudy ;Esk, S.E. cloudy, like rain; Too troomba, rainfall '010 ; Cainbooya, calm, rain ing, Clifton; calm, raining; Hendon, calm, rain ing ; Warwick, calm, raining, rainfall, '008; Stantborpe, S. W., showery, rainfall -022 ; Leyburn, calm, fine, like storm ; Inglewood, no' report ; Goondiwindi, calm, showery, rainfall, '080 ; Dalby, calm, oloudy, like rain, rainfall, -005 ; Jimbonr, N. W., cloudy, rainfall, -008 ; itoma, S. W., thunderstorm, ninfaU, HMO ; St. George, no report. LutBiKinsM.— We ore sorry to say that his eril— the outcome of exuberanco of ani mal spirits it may be, bnt an evil nevertheless — flourishesin our town. It showed its baleful front last week on, the occasion of the anni versary celebration of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Sooiety, and may be aeon and heard — tht latter particularly— in the School of Arts, or any other building, on the occasion of any public gathering. The larrikins seem to consider that, if they avoid castig&tion; at the time, they will escape punishment alto gether. In this, however, they are entirely mistaken, as they can be reached by the pro cess of the law. Two of those who figured antside the ball-room last week found this out when they were served with summonses at the instance of Mr. P. W. Bates. Their parents induced Mr. Bates to forego pro ceedings in order to save the lads public disgrace, paid him the law costs, and to im press the delinquents with a due sense of the evil of their conduct, administered severe floggings. When the larrikins and that they are liable to punishment, aud find that Boms perBonB are public-Buirited enough to take the necessary steps to briug home pun iihment to the evildoera, they may learn to ktthavt with proper decorum. BktshtaINMEOT.— The attendance at the Selwolof Arts on Saturday evening to wit no* tha performance of Dr. Lynn's troupe was small, hat this, no doubt, was owing to the very short notice the public had received. Those who were present, however, were thoroughly well entertained for over two hours, the programme being carried out in ita entirety with great spirit. Dr. Lynn is justly entitled to premier position as a j uggler, and hu performances are made all tile more astonishing by the absence of the parapher nalia which is so objectionable with most other magioiaus. The tricks are mostly new to us, but even tho old familiar ones are made once more interesting by the compara tively simple way iu which he introduces them to his audience, doing away entirely with a very great amount of show and hum bug which we have so often witnessed on similar occasions. Dr. Lynn offers evdry reasonable opportunity for the discovery oi' the various tricks, but still thoy are eo cleverly performed as to defy solution by the audience. Miss Blanchard's feats of clair voyaucy were good, htr description, wheu blindfolded, of the various articles touched by tho mysterious wand being as minute and correct as possible. The singing of this young lady was also greatly admired and re peatedly encored, the response each time being with a new piece. The instrumental portion of the entertainment, it is needless to say, was ably attended to by Messrs. Lingard and Nicholls, both of whom are thorough inusioiaus. Oil the whole, a first class entertainment was given, and we hope AJ ODD Ci W w*i-.i**ww uuuat? .v-uiguu, rrw^u j.tai ? Solly will appear in his negro eccentricities A New Township. — A new township ia being surveyed some distance due west of Jharleville. It is to be designated Adavaie, nd promises to become an important place. It ii on the direct road to lower Thompson MdBuooo rich country. Already Messrs. Bkinner, of Charlerille, have opened a store there, and Mr. Britoher has for some months put completed and opened his Imperial Hotel. The Government are calling for ten ders for tho conveyance of a direct mail ser vice from Charleville to Adavaie, and this western road will therefore soon be opened. — Western Star. Fatal Accident at Hendon. — A melan choly accident, attended with, fatal results, occurred at me jaenaon, railway station as the train from Brisbane approached that plaee on Friday afternoon. From what we can learn it appears that a man named Malcolm M'Intyre, who was in the employ of Messrs. Kennedy Bros., of Allora, was at the station in charge oE a dray aud two horee«. As tbe train neared the station, the honwi became restive, and M'Intyre im mediately made a grasp at the reins to steady them. The hone in the shaft began to kick violently. As M'Intyre reached for the reins, the horses made a start, anddashed at a furious pace round the goods shed. They came round without their attendant, and it was then evident that BOinethhig serious moat hare befallen M'Intyre. The travelling post-master and several others hastened to «ee what had become of the driver. On turn ing round the shed, M'Intyre wan seen lying prostrate on th« ground, and on. examination lib ww found to be extinct. The wheel of to* dray bad pawed over the back of the an. fortunate man's head.' and death must have been iuU&taneoua.; The deceased was highly mpeeted by oil who knew him, and hoi left ? widow and large family to mourn tit lois, - lie hod been in the employ of Mcmr. ' Kennedy Broe., for some time. — Examiner and Timu, September 25. Aooipect to a Diogke.— Michael Clarke, a digger bound for Temorc goldfield, met with an accident about 9 o'olock last evening on board the steamer Victoria, which vas tben lying alongside the A.S.N. Comj.anys'a wharf. lie wot a paueager by that vessel, for Syd ney, and, bod been on shore for some time; was returning to hiB quarters when he fell down one ot the hatouways a distance of nearly twenty feet, breaking two of bis ribs, oim of which, it is believed, penetrated the. tangs. Ur. Uuuian wot at once called ia And in jwoowUnoa with bis innwuouons the I sufferer wm tamgvqi tfl ttw twfflpjui,— jjt^uc Brisbane Produce Market.— Friday's Telegraph reports :— The flour market is 1 quiet, and in good supply. DafEeld's and 8 Harrison's Adeleido is quoted at £1 1 10s per j ton. There is not much flour on ths way £ from the south. Bran is in fair demand at } £6 16s eo £7 per ton, and pollard is the same - price. Maize is a shade easier, and local is - in better supply. The price iB 3s id to 3s C-1 - per bushel. Imported potatoes arc about 1 £2 10s per ton and local about £i ; the latter | being better for household purposes. t Shearing oot Whst. — Stealing may now ( be said to have fairly commenced ia this ; neighborhood. Nive Downs finished more \ than a week since, and many of the men cm- : ployed at the shed there have been engaged ; at Mount Abundance, where forty shearers ? are now at work. The rams were shorn in , the grease. As there are more than 1011,01)0 , sheep to be shorn, it is anticipated that the clip will not be baled under sis weeks he.-.ce, oven if there be no interruption arising from wet weather. The arrangements for pressing the wool at Mount Abundance are of the most perfect kind. After the wool has been put into bales it is then dumped by a hydraulic press and hooped up ready to be put on board ship. They are shearing about 8900 sheep a day. Bindango has been shearing ior a couple of weeks, and several selectors are equally as busy. At Foyle View the MeSBrs Cameron will begiu on the 1st of next month. At Gowrifi station, also, near Charleville, the Messrs Good are completing arrangements for an early start. At these latter places employment is offered to men who are williug to accept it. — Western Star. Sutposed Discovery of (Sold. — Twelve miner's rights were taken out at the Mines office yesterday afternoon by a party of men who gave the Undi .'-Secretary to understand that the; have discovered what they believe to he a payable gold reef within sixty miles of Brisbane. They are reticent as to t!ic exact position of tbe ie:f, but it is believed to be south-west of Brisbane, somewhere iu the direction of the Dividing .Range near Cunmagu&m;'s Gap. The applicants appear to be very sanguine of being able to prove within a week from the present time that they have discovered payable gold. We, have, however, been shown some of the stone on which, it is alleged, thoy expect to make good their statement. The stone is pitchstone porphyry, and it shows not tho least appearance of the precious metal, nor could Mr Staiger discover any trace of gold in it after smelting and assay. It is to be feared that the hopes of the prospectors in his case are doomed to disannointmpnt. hut ire shall ba delighted to find that our fears we not well founded. — Saturday's Tckqraph. A Planting Bee. — Saturday's Exavwier mid Times says :— As an illustration of how quickly a crop cau be planted when there is a united effort, we may mention that at the early part of this week, Mr 3. Horwitz, ILL. A., had fifty acres of ground sown with lucerne and harrowed in about a day and a half. The ground has been ploughed for some short time, and the raius of last week had reduced it to fine condition for sowing. He expressed a desire to several of tho far mers to have the work done as e.vpeditiously as possible. On Monday morning there was a large muster of farmers on his laud at Swan Creek, volunteering their services, and active operations wero commenced about mid-day. Several proceeded with tho work of sowing, while others made preparations for following with their harrows. Mr Hoc witz was present amongst them ready to give instructions to his band of willing workers, aud operations went on actively until night came on. Most of the farmers took up their camp on the ground, and after hearty refreshment was dispensed, thep spent a pleasant time until near mid* night, principally in discussing political sub jects, such as mail contracts, steel rails, shipping rings, branch railways, and the like. Shortly after daybreak the men were again at work, and by about 4 p.m. on Tues day the whole of the fifty acre padilonk was sown and harrowed, and the work done iu splendid style. This shows what can tie done with co-operation where there is a willingness to put the shoulder to the wheel. Actions like these speak for themselves. Death of an Old Colonist. — Another of Warwick's ' old identities' has gone to tl'ut bourne whence no traveller returns. The late Mr. John Shcahan, who died at his reeidenco at the Head of the Condatnine on Monday last, was a colonist of nearly half a century's standing, and most of this time he had spout on the Darling Downs. He was personally acquainted with many of the early pioneers of Queensland settlement, and could recount vfiry interesting anecdotes in connection with the early days of Warwick. Deceased was in iirdent politician, and his advocacy of tbe claims of his particular 'favorite' has been one of the 'features' of nearly every election that has taken plaee iu Warwick. In the old days of tho bus tings, whon candidates had to address the ' free aud independent'' iu the open air, 'Jack's' amusing drollery was a source of perpetual uneasiness to those to whom he was opposed. But he was a ! quiet unoffending man withal, and thare are many who will hear of his death with feel ings of genuine regret. — Warwick Argus. A Plagce or Eats and Snakes.— Just fancy a, plague of rats first and snakes after- 1 wards! The glorious western interior is said to produce them both. The rats start off across country in myriads, aud the snakes mase ui^er iiuuui »u iguuuic uw «aipo up. Winton and a considerable part of the wes tern country has (says tbe AramncMall) been suffering from an invasion of au army of rats so numerous that the company which de voured Bishop Haddo were nothing in com parison. They came iu droves from some unknown locality further out. Flour, sugar, and other consumable goods had to be staoked on platforms proof against their climbing capabilities ; the gardens were eaten completely out. As many as fifty ur sixty have bean trapped by oue individual iu a single night. These vermin have now been followed by a prodigious number of snakes of the moat venemouB character. A consider able number of horses have been bitten, and one station is said to have lost.- horseflesh amounting to £200 in value. 'So deadly are they the horse dies in about twenty minutes after the reptile has interviewed him. As yet, however, there has been no loss of human life. The rats are now diminishing in number iu the neighborhood of Wintou, and we hope our western friends will soon be rid of their double pest. The snakes, we may add, are not idle, no less than four rati having been found ia ttu belly of one ttftt ffairepUyttM, ? _ __ — .- trare^r-rr ,? Tub Victorian FolwkaV SwffMfONi,— , Che elections in the oolqny of Victoria (ob icrves the London Examiner of 'the Sttt of Tolv) have resulted iu the defeat of the rca lonablo party, and on Wednesday, in coo ietruence of a vote of the Lower Ifouse, the Jeivice Ministry resigned, and that extra irdinary compound of a mountebank and a iommunist, Mr. Graham Kerry, is replaced in lower. When Mr. Berry was over here some iinie ago, the Colonial office and those in :ercsted in colonial affairs had an oppor tunity of sctiug whatmauner of man is this Prime Minister, the representative of all that is iguoraut. impulsive, aud illiberal imong tho working mou of Australia. We havo not heard of any expressions of admira tion for the intellect or the demeanor of tdis outcome of universal suffrage from any of those who had the honor of meeting tho honorable Chief Secretary aud Ticisurcr, although some of his colleagues, and espe cially his former Attorncy-tJenerRl, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, are believed to be men of coi eiderable capacity. A Ghost Sight. — A gliost story comes from Kagambie, (Victoria) and ia told by tbe local paper as follows: — 'Persons visiting tho railway station, and those who have hud occasion to visit that locality at night, have beeu greatly frightened by. souing a *gho3t.' A few evenings' ago it*appoflj*edsm!ar tho cud of the railway platfntra, .and.vfas that of a figure 7 or S feet iu height' arrayed in pure white. The form was tliat.qf a,feinale w ;h, as fur as oould be discerned} a deathlike face. Il was noisluss in its moreme»ts, but glided with wonderful rapidity: One ofthe porters, who his a considerable amount of courage, proceeded in the direction ot 1.h£ a.pga»ition, and wlisu whhin easy range fired at it, but, to his astonishment, aftcX;the^fuJoke bad clei'.red away he found the apparition was quite close to him. lie was perfectly terri usil, and, dropping his gun, made tor his friends at lightiiing speed. O^B^jj'gl't la»t week, as the haH-past nine cab, filled with ladies and gentlemen, was ttavelling along die railway road towards the tUwn/a short distance from the station, the spactruni a^a.u appeared on the hill side about 50 yards from the cab, and a3 the conveyance proceeded, so did the liyure. This frightened tho ]ias Ecmrni-G ami OvnOCffill if f.lln iliWPI*. fifl tlia.fr, lln drove his horses at a furious pace, soonlos'.ug sight of the apparition. It is currently re ported that the statiouinastcr has applied to hi romoved.' Decapitation- 1-V.at.~ Tho decapitation triok is iuiiong the Londoners— but we have received au account from the Japa'i Mail, which tells ua something more astounding than ever in the execution of this trick. It is being exhibited at Joshidu bnsM. Tiie performance tal;e3 place iu a srniU room about '30 feet long by 12 feet wide, hull being allotted to the spectators, v/bo are admitted on payment of tho moderate fue of two cents. The 'properties' consist of a deal table and a sword, etc.. After the usual soul-stirring- flourish. on a dium and atr.siseu, a man and woman appear from behind a screen, the man binds ^the woman's head with a cloth, and she then kneels down close to tUo table, and sideways to tho spectators. The man justthea draws thn sword, makes 'a violent blow at the woman's neck, she falls forward, arms extended aud limbs twitching. Ho then having first wiped the sword on a gory -look- ing iiiucu of ra^, takes up (apparently) the woman's head, wrapped in the cloth, and places it on the table. To all appearauco it is a human head, the eyelids aud features have a convulsive motion ; presently the eyes open iu a dreaoiy sort of way, and to the accompaniment of the Everlasting sam siaen, the head sings a mournful song. A curtain is then interposed between the audi euce aud llie performers, and wheu again dr.iwn back the woman ia disclosed quietly seated alongside the man. Wheu it is Been that this all takes place within about three feet from tho spectator, and that the ' pro perties' arc of tho simplest description, some idea may bu formed of tbe wonderful exoeUcuue of a performance which has ex cited attention. Fokueries of Bane Notes. — One of the most daring and extensive frauds tbsi his t'.ken place for some time past was brought I to light in Fitzroy on Saturday, whicli re sulted in the discovery of no less than 2,12!) furged bank notes. It appears that about '' o'jloukou the above evefliug a man cnterc! tiieeuop of AJr, Albau T. Best, a chc-mUt, residing in Brunswiek-strect, and piin -.:»uJ a bottle of scent. After .receiving ti.« l. fnmn thp. nerson in nuoatiou tendered iu uav nient a £1 note on the Bank of Victoria, ;.:;! received 17s Gd change.- The man then Lft tlio shop aud proceeded a little way down i the street, whoa he was noticed speaking to another man. Some timt; affoirtbis Mr. liEst examined the note, and di^qovorod that in stead of being a genuine note,' it was only a photograph of one. Information was con veyed to the police, wlten Sergeant Bonnie immediately vrent iff.eeawh. of the inaa. However, tbe .offender, mahgged to,ba(ne the police for a little time) but was ultimately arrested by (sergeant Rennie iu the same street. When taken to the lock-up the pri soner gave the name of Setrr'y Sewart, aud on beiag searched tha 2,1^9 forged notes, consisting of £1 and £10 notes, wero found in hi« possession. The prisoner had also suc ceeded iu viatirai$ing Several other trades men, as the forged notes were very fair rs. presentations of genuine notes, and had evi dently been photographed by au expert. The other man whom the prisoner was in com pany with is suspected of being au accomplice, but his arrest hog not yet been effected. — .Melbourne Argus, September 20, A Sboubssfol Temperance Oeatob. — The ChrUtiaii Colonist of Adulaide, referring to oue of Mr Matthew Burnett's recent ser vices says :— ' At the close of the meeting ill additional names were Added, including u number of the moBt respected citizens, apart from 21)1 Who sigued during the week, mak ing a total of 1,350, the result of the past four weaka' crusade against drink,' Ab this nnmbor is not .inclqded in tbe 1£,0OD en rolled previously, th3.;-large total of over 14 000 persons signing the. temperance pledge uivibsea reached. Mr Burnett has been only six months in Siiutji Australia, and the suo ceas obtained in tlija bri|f period is unparal lelel in Australian tempeiafjce 'statistics. A oox nomad Bdrcombe hid his arm torn off near the shoulder .whilst trying to hook a !*0^t9S?n^lo^e4^1}BjpBarWellijgt0B1 