THE SYDNEY SCULLERS IN ENGLAND. The Sydney Mail of November 27 contains some interesting particulars in reference to Lay cock and Triokett. Our contemporary says :— Mr. P. J. Clark has favored us with permis sion to ipriblish ihe following letter, dated London, October 8, which he has received from a friend in London, and which will probably be read with much interest by aquatic men here : —'In Thursday's Sportsman there is a fair account of the race between Laycock and Black mac. Toe latter goh by far the best start, and it- wad almost laughable to see the leisurely phlegmatic way in which Elias followed him. The pace was really terrific, as the time given up to each point shows. As fer as Hammer smith the race was really a splendid one, but by the time they got to Coraey Beach Laycock had completely rowed his man down. - 1 never saw such an utter collapse in my life, nor a fellow so completely done up as Biackmau was. I really pitied him ; for two. minutes he could not speak— his head drooped on to his cheat, and he looked like a corpse. The Sydney man rowed on in just the same style that he had -started, and as soon as Blackman was able he followed, to enter a protest on the ground ihat Layccck's cutter had passed him. This was certainly true, but she had a lot of way on when Blackman' shut up, and could not be stopped. Mr. Ireland, the referee, told Trickett to follow on, as it was clear that Black man had given up. The. protest was quickly dismiss: d. Laycock rowed well and strong, and (thanks to Jack Thompson) his cendition was simply superb. The muscles of his back, ribs, and legs stood put like iron bars, and though, he had n ot quite got rid of a bad cold his wind was all there. He rows a pretty-looking style, somtthiog's after Dick Green's fashion, but his slide is, to my mind, short and faulty, and he does not appear to grip the water to file full ext?nt of his reach. But he is a good 'un, and bad to beat. We have two matches on for him —one against Hosmer, a Boston (U.S.A.) man, who is a good' sculler, and the other against Hawdon. Fit and well, he should win both races. I must say that I am agreeably disap pointed in Laycock. He is a genial, nice, well behaved fellow, and he has made hosts of friends. Australians both at home and abroad may well be proud of their representatives on the Thames, for wherever you go ypu hear them spoken pf in the highest terms. Until Trickettfs arrival, professional rowing was at the very lowest -bb; bat since he and Layccck have been oh the Thames matters have taken quits a turn the other way, and, ~ whereas six months agp it would have been strange indeed to have seen a single person of any position in society at a professional boatrace, it is something te be able to say that, despite the day being one of the most disagreeable that we have had this year, numbers of the 'upper crust* patronised the Laycock-Blackman race, including JLord LondeBborough, Major Dickson, Mr. Kowden, and many' other well-known persons, to eay nothing of -the presence of ladies— a thing unparalled except at the University contest. And nothing but the feeling that the race'would be contested straightforwardly brought this about ; and it is not to much to say that it was the knowledge of the quiet reepectable con duct of our Sydney men that created this feeling. Of Trickett it is needless to speak, he always behaves like a gentleman. I hope you will let it be known far and wide what a sterling friend Jack Thompson has been to the men. He alone trained Layccck, whilst to Trickett he is more than a brother. He seems to devote himself entirely to him, and night and day he is at .his service. Could man do more? I know that there is some feeling in Sydney about Jack Thompson being here at all, and therefore in common justice it should be known as widely as possible that his pre:3nce is invaluable, and without in any way desiring to , detract from Herry Kelly's merit, I may Bay that if. Trickeit wins Thompson must share ; equally with him in the credit of the victory. ; I told ypu long ago that I had come to the con clusion that English rowing form has been over rated, and now I believe more,, and that is — ; that they are bad jndgts pf it. U it were \ otherwise how could George Drewitt (who - Bhonld know as much cs any man in the land) have made the mistake of laying 2 to 1 or Blackman ? He lias seen Laycock do all his } work, for he has been training Thomas from the ? same boathpuse, and every- day he has ;had his \ watch out timing him -at every point, yet he never found ont that both Laycock and Trickett : are - ♦foxing.' C f course Tiickett feels within ; himself what he can do, »nd -having Laycock's ; measure eo well, there was no necessity; for a trial, and eo the knowing enes were sold. Lay-; ccck should never forget (as I am tsure he never - will) what Trickett has done for him. Had it sot been for Ned he would have gone back with- ; out a match, fcr Charlie Bosh, to whom Punch introduced him, it seems, ngave^him the cold; shoulder. I told, you long ago that hfr could beat any man in England, and asked, yon tot advise Punch to come over with him. Had he; done so l« would 1 aye made a pile. Xaycoekf must have cleared £250, it not more,! by the race, although, owing to the bad: weather, 4is «hare of iwats was only £30 clear/ I had almost forgotten to say that Trickett piloted Ms quondam ^rival in fanltless style,; giving him a coorge as siraight as -a surveyor; could khave *hown. i The weather . has . been I foggy, cold , ? and wet, . and ? as Trickett - ; has \ gone through it so far, and kept well, we may : fairly expoct that he will continue to do so.; Hanlan is rowing magnificently, and if he is to! be beaten it will be by fairly wearing him down,; as Lay cook did Blackman. He can * fox' as well ; as anybody, and it is hard to judge what he can; do. The betting is no more than -7 to 4on Mm : at present, but a Canadian -correspondent tells! me that there will be such heaps of money from j that side of the 'herring poad' that if we hddi ont we will get -4 to 4.- They j say Wallace5 Eo6s- ie coining over to 'feel' Trickelf s pace, and fhat he will follow him for -that object.: Muchgood will all he can learm do him !' i The Sfeine paper sajs:— Mr. John Thompson,] brother of the well-known bookmakers, who Wte; heavy Jo££rs by.TricIceiiJ'B defeat, has been also! ^^y%X^^^My^^^aa. beauts it in; ^ caiije to his 'liro'tner in 'Melbburiae. Mr.j .Thompson, writing frdrn the Sf ells Tavern,! Putney, September 28, to a friend ;in this city, ; says :— ' It was with the deepest regret that I ! read from one of your local papers a notice re-] £ec,ting upon . iny leaving Australia, and going to join Trickett; It ^pesjioiexactly ticket me! as one of ile class, known as rogue an-i vaga-i bond, but it couples betting and sculling, and eo! introduces the iookpaaking element'as deroga- 1 tpry tp;the u^erest of |b.e coming great scaUing; (event. ; J'in&lly;, it - puts a piaster on the un- j kind , «utir s-k -; flpwardly. giyen^ jby stating ' I \ fl»syj. fee A fine fallow ; lit .-.' j^.' gr/eat ';ijwny re-| «pfccts, bjH thatifeB Mtontionjis anythihgbat to; ?throw ,di6credit qa^my' private' character. It; finally refers to what the ^Bnglisn. press might j say, and goes piiip the uafprtiiiiate *occarreaca; to icr4 Harris on the Sydney cricket-ground. Toucan impgipe my disgusV when I tell youf that I parted with;my family in Melbourne in! order to do all in my power for the jnan who is striving for. the glpry of Australia. It is obvipus that the seal meaning-pf this article is to imply that I would be guilty of anything, so long as 1 ^»uld profit by it. All I ask la to lie judged after ,all is over. r I asked jap one to . assist m.6 in any trip to England, and Trickett personally asked jne to fpWowJam toiEngland,aridJhere t mm ieady io: forfeit all I possess to secure a victory for Trickett. ' If my coming to Enghind has in any way interfered \ wiui Tricketf 9 financial affairs T am very' softy, and regrej; haying come; but I offer no such.Bentiment to ' those who could be so thin-skimied and sos picious lbs ? to withhold their contributions because I am with Trickett. I anx in no degree afraid of those who.know me being adverse to what I have .done.. I will, with Harr^ Kelly's mentorehip, train and watch, Tricketl day and night, if ; necessary. , We ? will briug ^him to the poet- like a'^onng^ercules.1,' : - ;^Thje-..f61l6mng - extract from a letter by B. Laycock to a friend rin Sydney will be read with interest. The letter was dated jiondon,, October 7 :--ltXoxit papers considerably underrate Blackman; he is as tall as myself, 25 years of age, and weighs over 12 etone; and as to his pace from Putney to Hammersmith Bridge, one and three-quarter mile, we did the fastest time on record in any race —nineminutes and four seconds, and he was then only a length astern. My first attempt on the Thames has been a 'win. As I told yon before, Trickett and my eelf do all our work, and get on well together. He piloted me through the race in a cutter. The day was very .wet and windy, and in about two miles I rowed Black man to a standstill. I have two mote races on, and fancy I can win both. I have seen Hanlan out often, in fast have -rowed over- the course alongside of him. I see very little in him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar acci dents, he is not in it. His bump of self-esteem: is exceedingly well developed. He rows open handed, so I need tell you no more. I expect we shall have more races on before long. So far we have had fine weather. We are going to row first and: second .for; the Hop Bitters, if it comes .off.' Perhaps it is too much to say that Tricketf s late.defeat on the Thames is accounted for, but it is not too much to say this easy defeat is now made most comprehensible. ' Tim Whiffler,' in England, who contributes sporting Notes to the Leader, when writing on 8fch Oc tober, says : — «? I hear strange rumors from those likely to know concerning your man Trickett. That he is ' all to pieces7 all are agreed, aod what is worse he is suffering from a fit pf the ' blues', whatever complaint that may be. I am informed, tco, that his training istcD strong, and that a little less work and a little more ' home-brewed' would prove beneficial. I have teen horses get as' stale as 'coach horses from overwork; the same cause, therefore, is likely to make a sculler * slow as a man in boots.' 'If Trickett was in this /educed state early in Oo- ; tober, what must his. condition have been mid- ' way in November?, The weight he rowed (eays the Leader) was a clear proof of his being too ? much reduced, and it wanted nothing more than the Temarks penned by 'Tim Whifiier?' to as- - sure us that he was weak aud anfit to ^sustain ; bis reputation in a severe contest when he en tered his toat. ; J 