NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—Miss Marfan Willis dramatic company at the Academy of Music; Raikes Centenary Concert, Alfred-hall; coursing at Berrycank; meeting of Water Communion;' meeting ,o£ gungareo Ploughing Match glares #ili, 7.3,0 p.m. . Oar spatial jreportgr telegraphed as follows on Thursday“ The pcgse" ftayp Returned from • Glenrowan.. ■ All was: quiet - last night. Sherritt’a father rode into' Beechworth this morning, and told the police that Dick Hart, Tom Jjlbyd,. f atsy Byrne, and Quinlan were to tajie |fcq tfee . I have learnt on the peap authority that Pqrhow knew all about th B W o y.W, e fft? °f the Kellys, and gave important information f o-an officer of the. Education Department, and that this was the cause of the late’sudden move of the poljge,: Detective ; Ward traced Sergeant Ken nedy>* tfli-a sympathiser; and it is- not true that it was burnt tftfe iDari Kelly, as re ported. There is very little probability, how ever, of ever recovering-it. .All is.quiet at (jlrejta fafyf, though numbers of sympathisers are jatjUl *#<l but it is only boasting.-’ ° There was, 4 fall of snow in the pjty on Thursday afternoon, at about half-past 4 o’clock. For soma time’the flakes fell thickly gad rapidly,.and the obildren gathered, around SO and doors anticipating'the luxury' . g game at lUQybjfljing. Hoyvever, the. fall soon oeassd, but tfhfle lasted fjqtj® for athin veil of snow.to gather.bn tjje house tops and window- sills, -Here and there upon ■ dense garden shrubs a : 'patch of white snow gayp the scene tbaaspeotof an English winter. ‘Along the gunipyong road, and upon Mounts snow fell heavily eu°9ghto faye fa fa egnje time after. It u. tunny yegre since we have had; a good fall of snow. Tte last will, no doubt, be well remembered by our readers, when Ift® o?fSfif turnisd out e» matte} to snowball one another, $8 Msonies of the Meohanios’ fnstitute were with men wbo revived tbs old, gnd r e y a U o- in the ' hew,' sport of gathering the sryituh to form harmless wnmumtiph for a mimic battla. j A ; gentlsman' who' came from Blackwood" Inform*. ga that- there wasAvsiy heavy fall of WFtfeV B fln ?hur»dgy morning. i Tbestorra all along the' range until Qreepdale was ground being ouyerednndthe branches of the'trees borne down withthe wwght fOf snow. The sight is, described a# The «£««lriug from a.daily experience, laid that he jmUSnot had a'day like it for the laat^hne. _ Weleam by telegram that Mr jfiiter, has been ohoieujiy the eomtitaeragbf divinoni aipwn, ’to be reqneetSd? tqtieonteattbe erwUon 'tftjßipon and ||| We learn that Mr D. llibahy Inu> ideoided not to contest|SUlarat>fl&ut; atfthe enraing election. Mr Btppb'yWißhM hu fri«da It) know this at once, in' order may aaVe'themieivei the trouble of making any -arraogementrfarhii candidature.- — The store of Mr Sing, grocer; was felonioualy broken into on Wednesday) • night ; at a"late“hoar.“The : 'thieveB'forced'-an ; entrance into'the'etore-by the back door, and abstracted anumber' ofarticlas.amongothera . aereral .Jjottles of- r.brapdy,/ i a number of Boxes of sardines, a'aide of bacon, the content’s of the till, which consisted of removed at ‘ the ‘conojusioo •: pi- the day-s nus.i ness. Upon disgoreiy of the loss on Thursday morning the matter was. put intcr'tba hands of ths police, and no doubt the culprits will sooij to4i»ppfprsd>,' ■■■'.: „ii : . The only case: at the Western police.station bn Thursday was that of a woman locked up lor being drunk in .the- public, street. . She-was, '.Srrtotad oil Sqldiew Hill By Constable Gibson,- 'whVß«4 S3B?l4smW e eyeu‘w>tk th e auistance of another-p'olicemto,'4B>oopveying her to the look-hp- r The Buninyongshire Council, at its meeting oh Thursday, was' served with'a County Court sqmmpns for 410 by hLr t F f eeejcstq repqver flje afqoqotDatped, which the council VetEuns as a'deposit for damages accruing from the. Mount .Helen race, and coh sidqrs has been justly forfeited by Mr Baker,. ' The □qestian’qi rjjdqcjbg t|ic o'^ce; expenses ‘ "in" ' QonqeotlbhT'-'with' ’ tne Buninyongshire Council' was discussed in committee after the "ordinary council business'-'had been got Thursday. A report on the majitaf wifi ,lj| laid ‘ ijafpre of the oounqil,' . - Housekeepers should be. particular when paying for their milk either to receive a receipt .from the hoy who delivera;th4t,qrticle, !if paid to. him, or to pay the amoqnt to tbp dairyman in person. A well-known farmer, who delivers" .milk'in the city, discovered on Thursday that he bad been considerably victimised by one pf; his enjplpyegg, wl}9 rpgejyeq.mfihey ip payment from customers and quietly popksted it. do not desire.to caat any imputation on milk boys as a clasa, but as a matter of business J a receipt shppld/ba'.gi?«B to pustpmer on' payment ofeyen tto smallsst apeount. : ■ We learn from the Australasian that the steeplechaser Snowstorm, which was declared , not qualified to start for the V.’AIT.C. hiaiden Steepleohasp, hsis'heep spld tp Ifr Vf. Pile; of, South Australia,’ for SQQ guineas. Yictoria thqs.loses another stceplechager; but as Snow storm has become the property of,a spirited South’ Atotraljan -eportsmau, no doubt’the' horse will be fqqnd in -tha-ranks of : the cbm petitprs at ths y.B.C. Spring Iffeetjng. The members of the^Buninyongshire Council ate drifting bapk into their pld habits of wast ing a grept deal of yalpahle tiopa pt their meet ings. On Thursday the council sat for over five hours,- ■ There'was scarcely half an hour’s business to be gone through, but owing to the presidents easy-going'way, all sorts of irrele .vant matfepa warp tp t| e igitod /no with the .business' of the day, and disputes , between ratepayers and the council's herdsmen, together with other tribes which should have been referred tp 'a sub committee for report, spVm out jibe meeting putil nearly | oSlook, when the councillors,' after refreshment, went into committee. If the BuninyoDgsbire Council “and several other of our district local.bodjej acnuaipt tljemeelveg with the working off Cffy Cbungu, wfiiph is per haps the moat business-like in Victoria, and would follow put exactly the-same; routine, : public butitfSSS youiq. be condneted with one third of the present waste of tfme and temper so inseparable from the meetings of the bulk. of the municipal bodies pf the qistrief, Uneasy reacs the hebd that wears a helqjet, The duties of lock-up keepers at.polioa stations are not alwaya of the most pleasant descrip- I tion. Occasionally men, and oftener women, who hare imprisoned for. drunkenness render lie' night anything fmt pleasant with their' screams and -lamentations. Although two or three are locked up together it is but rarely a fight e'naueB f , times, howeyer, such a thing aoea happen, apef tj;ea tfie QCjmfjatants have to be separated by the poliqaman on duty. Spine men take to their punishment quietly and'philosophically { others are restless, amf oftgq tpwafds morning when'.their stupor has,worn Jrpuqifihefr. gpljs,!^.fto unfortunate tigers caged up in their dens in a travelling show. ' The. Eaatsm cells bear k striking reaemblanbe to the : cages in a mena-'. gerfa.' They face the yard, the daorshpenitrg directly‘qn;ft. fjl a morning: the doors'are unhari-ed and bpspefi'' sbbiif a {got,-, being firmly secured by a chain. -The unfortunate. “ drunks” squat on the floor opposite’ the opea spaces, and drink in tha fresh air .that fans their heaf.B.tJ facej, |t is with the female im bibers tbat tps'lbqk'up kgeppp tfja greapeat trouble. At hig)jt/wjien ' the Tdopr closes on them (if not altogether stupid} they shriek, and in Cases "use language which ia gene rally supposed to b'a atrls'tly. to par liamentary circles. Finding their priea/of P 0 avail, “ the stony-hearted gaoler!’ being deaf to tbeir entreaties, they next kick the door and beatit with their hands, and .finally when; worn out with exertion bundle- themselves up in a corner and-curse themselyes fb sleep. Other women, such as one "-locked up last night, demand indignantly to be released: “ {insist upon being let dqt.'f quoth thp/p)d lady in question; Eut, alasi her ’oommagd ayajled her not. ’:!V ' The usual, meeting 0! St. Paul's Mutual Improvement Asaooiatiou was held on Tuesday, evening; Mr \V. Robertson ■ in ; the Chair and Mr 0. Lpdb;o:k jjf • .the £ vice-chair.. After .the ordinary business haif beaq diinoaed of, the following members'favored''the meeting'with readings, recitations, and aingi'iig;—Mr Robert aon, rpading; Jlisa' Atkinson, song; Mr God dard, repitafion; Miss pmbiing, - sppgf Mr Walker, reading; M“ a ’.tlockibg," sopgj ; Mr Mackie, / reoltatUn; Miss Wood,! reading; Messrs B. and C. Ludbrook, dialogue; Miss N. Atkinson, song; Mr Snow, reading; Mr Reece, rscitatioq, A ?£ was. passed to the above, ejio ta-'Afiss tf. -Uarifu,. wt)R ably, officiated as ‘organist for fb'e evening. Xfie meeting then'closed in due form al p.m. ■ At tho Gity jolipa poqrt on Thursday morn ing, Mr I. J, Jones/ J.P,,-presided, pfld fined Patrick Leahy 5s "for drunkenness and 10s for the assault made by him on Mr Carver, of the Bull fhfi Mouth hotel, Doveton street, bn "Wednesday eyspfng. Qqe .other drunkard was fined, and this concluded the business of the day. At the Town Court, Mr Curtis, J.P., attended, fingd three drunkards in' the usual amount. John'By ah yas remanded till Monday nest; on a charge of neglecting to eon- { tribute to the -support of his four children in the .industrial sohoola since 1876. As the day had been prpcla}igefi public holiday there, was no cause"Jisl ■ / Mr Jphh glyth, pf itha gunihyong State sobio'oj, has bgen appoipte.d.t.? the head teacher-. ; ship of the Golden Point Ststo eghpol. J Mr;i Blyth will bVsucceeded at. Buninyong by:, M r Osbaldistone, of Huntly, and the Huntly ’appointment will be temporarily"'filled by Mr Huttbjj, gf. the recently 'olossd' St. Paul’s school, Qeelbng. The guninyongshfre Gopncjl is being fiooded with eppfeatjogs frgm the yegjdepts in thg yanons ridings for repairs tp ro ads, bridges, and drains. The council, while quite sensible of the many, and in ‘instances 1 urgent, claims fqy vyorks preferred by ratepayers, wishes.it to. be understood that at the .present time its finances do not allow of tho peceaHsry expendi ture. The. hint thus giyan the council yyill save disappointment.. "' l a ft Qfdipsry meeting of the present ses-" sjpn of fchg Loyal Ballarat M.U.1.0 0.F., waa held «t tfie grituh QueSn!, hotel; when there" was an ' unusually 'largg attendance of members present, including a few visitors; N;G.-Phillips; presiding. After y?ii tod been called, the minutes of. the psrisw read and confirmed; A; R?. 1 ? • ,9 orrea P°i|dence was ree.4 and dealt witfi. the reporfa - on tfie siijk \yeye ’reqeiyed;- tod; the.sfok pay duly ordered fo bp flaiA The reports, of the -committees on four friends seek ing membership being considered highly satis factory, they were therefore balloted for and Poapd- Two new. membera were initiated,) gOn.durtorj .hpfjg; f.G.M’s. Scott" and gtewMt.- Several ABebqßtg W rg fqf payment. _ The night for tha-half.yealS Lan cial _ meeting was fixed for the 13 th July. HWBB 8759192 ito, oleption of officers for mtotto Blags- There wgra tyro nqmiqatjons for the U.G., Bra And Tqttpn, hat ?gr Tutton with (brawiag froW'ths contest; c gr Pomeroy was therefore elected. For /the V.G.’ there were' four nominations, vig., Brs Iferr, Phillips,, fleaepr, gnd Tqttqn, . A.balibt was therefore :fef_yted; w, ;Br/ Tutton beiog •lep ted, : .Thero bsing only. bne uomiiiAtiou for :, Br:J^.:G.:philUps,/iie!,wasi . j4?§ Ws 0: .oA, instaUation was moat successfully performed aaaiited by Deputy i wring to the lateneaa of the h -lj nB °(V hB B “bordsnata offices T B }*■l^P M- the half- yearly meeting, A anteßaousyote of thanks was accorded to a !< ?fe rB > Bnd al »° to Provincial “ijllaputy G.M. Northcott, for !na«£“' 9 t^W# nOB duri nB the inatallation. and the responded to in moae suitable t^ff>Wr9d* &liptB; f ° r thB 6Ven!ng am °unted A, tradMman who recently left Ballarat for ■ S °uth -Walea > _and .who.ia. no wjooated in Victoria' ; New-South Wales vvrites thus•' J..4o.ngt regferKTyßig^e I’houSMent is much higher than W? a - 1? 1 ’ are so much! cheaper "‘ a *‘ ‘iß«flanjgiSman :; g •better 'position'-here ’ than with- yon. - The difference 1: in, price of clothes lis-quite :§Q per cent. For instance,. I got a coat made fqr me re,.m Ballarat, at $3 2s Bd, and \- L - «0 8 «a«tly similar article 'following prices will show . ybq that meat is cheap enough-in . all con science!—Rump steak, didper lb; other kinds 2d t0.24d;. mutton, Id to 3d. Wood is cer tainly dear, 17s per tonj but then we pan buy coal also at that price,, sq that v?B are not by any njeaps bff jn'that respect. ’ Trades men generally are hotter paid in our free-trade c ?]9ny than in your protectionist one., And fair wages db' nbt seem' to be incompatible with a. very moderate qf charges,' We flf WWn hoots/aole’d.'and heeled, fop as low as 3s od, and pegged boots for 2s Bd, and yet.b'oot and shoe makers earn from £2_to £3 a week, which you will find oq en quiry is.quite as much as . they: bays qn oppor tunity of earning ip your town. Yoa ate on here, and, strange to say, it is just those tradesmen- and laborers who are hept off that decorate; the stump and wppfp their leisure hoqrs in ualqg spatabqa arguments, in the hear ing bf i thoab. who know as-little or leas than themsely.es,-.to show that the colony would be .benefited, by following the; parcioionsexampla self,by the- onde-proaperous Y'otoriq,' by .‘PPointinffShoet qf.upproidunlng tax-gatherers, rob, plater for the purpose of endeavoring to improve ,the ; position of . Paul, These mid- men.; little know that they aya eimply making .efforts—| hope opes-—to Iqwpr their: by raiaing the price of neces sary articles.-.apd thus, lessening-their own power' of purchase. I don’t think, however, that, the : protegtiqqiat pra?a will ever prevail ■ *9 any powerful extent, so- I would recommend you to. shake the protectionist .dust of.-; Victoria from your feet-and dome here. where.you will be fgrhetter off.” \ Tha_- Qfflopy sis responsible lor -the following specimen of rather innocent belief in ■the conscientious scruples of Major Smith; entente (qrciiafy no longer exists between Mr Berry-andhia late colleague, Major §mith. It is said that Mr Berry’s manifesto, in which .he all tke priaciplea oq which alone he has so often stated reform should be based, \- hqs .disgusted hot only the senior member for • Ballarat, but several o|. his most ardent sup. porters, .j. It is further stated: that Major Smith will,-on the assembling of Parliament, most probably he chosen as the leader of the Opposition in the new House.” A curious circumstance may (says: the.-Ap)to cqqpeqtlqq with the recent outrage. ijJh'e Kelly gang, under a special Act of.Barliattjent passed in 1378; were; declared outlaws, and that, act, on its expiry last year, was again renewed for twgjyp months.; Singular I? Pay, tffs peneweff act expired on Saturday last, po tffat when the gang were fighting the police at Qlenrpwaq they were actually no longer.outlaws. \- The cane which Mr D, C. : P. iloodio peed jo chastise Mr A* T- Clark was, a few days .since. (says the Telegraph), . sent by some gentlemen to Messrs Walsh 'Brothers with instructions to suitably -.mount, jt. ,It .has accordingly bepn mounted and; tipped with pure gold, aqffon , fhp tlje handle the following in : scriptibn has been engraved:—" Mr p. O. F;' Mobdie thrashed A. T. Olark, ■M.-p., for ihsuUing ; her Majesty Queen Victoria.- Presented by a lew--Melbourne, gentlemen, June, 1880.” The cane will be returned to Mr Moodie during the day. J of tlye gpfepjonial pommittpe of the Malhbiftne |nternatjonai Rxhiuitiou was held, in. the. Town-hall on Wednesday after noon. The ; sub-committee appointed to-con sider the maaipal compositions received for the cantqta {q iqs mgrfqyiped at thq opening cere mony,- reported that- they bad reduced them down to four,'sent in under the following UOJQS deplun " Clematis, " P-ythal fQraSj’iqnd/! Qaniera,!! ffhe gommitteej after earfhg the fqqc works pg'rfQrmed'qn a’piano, unanimoualy approved of the report submitted, ; and recommended the Executive to award the premium of. 100 guineas .to the author of the work sent, in under the’ nom dt plume ot 11 Abpriguo.” The real narne .of the composer is'lE Qaiop, and the work' is. qqe of grqat merit, ’’ ‘ 1 ' \- A-meetihgof the-Cabinet waa held on Wed- ■ hesday. Ministers 'were principally occupied yifh elgotiqn The royal bopjiqiseiqqAo which it' ‘is'proposed to reipif the enquiry into the Ford sqandal at the Rail way Department was nominated. The. Ho- J. Munro haa consented to act as chairman, and Mr J,W. Rogers, Q.C., and Messrs'J. Blyth (of Blyth and C0.),1t. j.'Jeffr :^ r (6f Sloane and’Co.}, I 'and Mr Benjamin' Barnes, engineer (late manager at,Enoch' Chambers and Co.’s), will be invited to act as members.- 1 • Wednesday’s Argus says:—” Persons de sirous of obtaining olerjcal eqiploymept jp con nection with the Kxhibitibp) at thb rate of 7a per day, were invited to he’ in attendance at the jDxhjbitioq-bijildinga at noon yesterday. Upwards of IQOO -applicants presented 1-them*. committee was appointed to make a selection but of this number. It is probable ; that ulti mately nearly 300 persons will be engaged on work,connected with the management of the Bihlhltjop,* . . ■ A Oaztlle extraordinary waa -iaoped on Wed nesday evening, announcing the appnintment of the following polling-plages for {he unde l ' mentiongd d’?triots: —Ror tf}e &t;|rict of -A.yoca—Qoldsborough and Natto Vallogk (within' the division) to bs polling-places for, the Dunolly division. . For the electoral district of Dalhousie—Lowry to be a polling-place for the Pyalbag division.: The appointment of Sutber land’s Rlaipa ss a pojling-plapa - fpr . tbe . St. Arnaud'^diyiaio^' -t of tpa- electoral 1 djstrfbt of Kara Kara, and of parang Rolice pampas a polling-place for the Swan Hill division of the djgtrjgt of '|yinjmera’ J ,h'aya'!been re voked, and th's tpllbWlbg ' qjade: —For tbs elebtoral- - district of WimqierarA West Buogeeluka to be a polling-place for the Charlton West division; Wonwondah South to be a polling- place for the Horsham division; Lubeck. to' be a popjqg-pjaqa for the Longere hong division. |(or the' elooforpi dialricj: of M.ornington—Beaconafield fobe a polling-place for the Fakenham diviiioß. The Government have appointed the under mentioned gentlemen to Be retaining officers for the 'electoral districts;mentioned in con- j unction wfth' fhejr ycsnectiye. vi?-;— Distridt of. Creswiok, Mr ij. Cample!!' Thom pqm, B.M.j.ri'ce Mr J. Richafdsoh, removed; distyih|.'of-Rdllapat ? Mf’ Q. Sherard, vice Mr A.'Riaken. rpaigaed; dfstnot of Rodney, Mr Al. Wyatt, P,M., vice Mr -J, Orbwlp, re ; ■moved, o l. ,-u IC . l : We (Htgtts) understand'that Mr W. M'Oul* Igohp of'Mesars W. ! -M'Culloch and Cos., is a probable candid 8 *? for the Sastarn Province, for- the seanrendered vqeqnt by the absence'of WJlsqn. .. 4 large qumbef of electors of the provlnoe have requested him tb gqme forward- Mr -Jy Q. r Doughatty, the . partner of Mr ’Wilson, also contemplates offering himself to the electors. ■ - The Melbourne correspondent of the' Qulong ■tpimes says:—“A talented and spirited young reporter on 'one of the Melbourne papers, and who represented his. journal at the Ratt|e of Qlenrowan, has sscur.ed an interesting trophy in thg chape of IJed gelly-a - revolver. This 'young gen£leman (tba reporter) topic part {n the engagemeht,'- and "used a Martini : Henry rifle with. considerable skill. .It is believed that another pressman connected with another metropolitan paper fought on the: same ocoa, Bion ; :'|t is’ knqWP -tfjqfc the .ffrgt person who saw-' fh tha gfey qaiyn gtffdipg lahq- towards, the. pbjiqe, heayjly weighted .by bis armo'vwas ap sjtigt 'well’-knqwn as pqn nepted'with. Melbourne,illustrated papers. The artist was there'-- profesßibnaUy,'..whea he- saw :Ned approaching, -after.; the. of the ghost pf Hamlet’s father, and. with his revolver etrefpE'ed bqfyl the ggura was lifee p scaring an -parition;” . '■ . * l*ast week’s Sydney Fun lias a cartoon which Mpy-be teleni.fts # fair representation of, how oqr condition is regarded in Mew South Wales. At the base of a huge tree;yiotoria, personified; ;bO y.Qhng. female, is falling down encoded anq 1 - half-str»ngl«d by sn'ake Prqteotion; . The mbqater. whila thus engaged, ia'pbising, ibis.head as if: threatening Mew-South, .Wales, •in the shape of .a more matura,young lady, shepherd'a braok in.bne haiid and l kl*ughingrjabk‘s»s'perchadoath‘ebther,.leaaB’ and look, A m „ mial .™s from the S eaat to iS «PWe. while, tt specimens of th. «onnh . 0[ S P«ched upon .< , tor,a Irea a l moat *■ > W o f*i lr < it. §s}iJ{ the effect that the t aada ia, 4 ‘Ut*. In looking otct the ? rU u L ,,aa beaviV'" 1 to on the table for the ?„f- b °° k > missiohera,' he fon n V £ r ® ,tion of th ; ansrSSfciiSS under the ebilful mm..™. P* Bl been Bobaon, all indioat?. Dte ? deac « Sfcft rehearsal last night wJTn‘ l was difficult to crowd of singers could W fact «u ~1“ together. The Ci?^ »lbe a S‘ “ aoh ‘ D B from wall to wall a ?, y ° f about 5Q feet, crowded w h ncghtto see. are remembered it • ttr «melji ol *■! anything else than an oierflo? 11 ' '“4?. Ticket-holders will enter bv«. g ‘ tt «S Sridge street, bdS^gS 4 ft to § O’clock, and about fifty anca to carry out details ?MW and “ 111 Hit;}, iSITSSSj' Sjf“f aooi.i, C b ,iaK ! f.« Ballarat, fta «aiur4ay, at 11 lu I S’&aUl; Tadraftap4ell H Spring Show; 2nd. To pnE®? B H prizes for the. Sheep Show-^ applications ftont ploughing^ ionaM». The proviZa dIS bourne are all Well-known, shrewd men of business, and ought sr;t“rs£rs^i immediate dividends be relied uponAt Jg the company, when in full operation wU,?! a profit In one year equal to the whole liiUN to b -B proposed company pIS to bnng into requisition the recent ,S ing discoveries by freeaing fiah Baas’Straits, whore aonnsLt good alt ■ proved to ejmt. and, b, ueingafaaS, boat, to aupply Melbourne and the «,.£ towns with fresh fish at a price that will SS that artjc lo of consumption within iheS oftha poorest homes. The comply addition to hems a likely financial «££ shareholders, wdlbs a great boon to wives and the public generally, not onlv u regards the reduction in prices, hut fijfi reapept to the /regular and abundant up,!, whiQh the company promisea to provide, ..W. Little is the Ballarat, agent,.of whoaa] all particulars can be obtained. The ihn . lla^’ a . fi f ed t 0 Bo closed on Saturday wJ Considering the very inclement weather a Thursday evening* the Academy of Mode ni fairly attended.: . “ Jessie Brown” wu n peated, and was well produced. To-aqht “Leah the Forsaken” will be presented, .The Ballarat Fire Brigade hns gone to pi eiderahlc trouble q{ lata in getting their bi] renovated, and anew floor laid doira fa dancing. It has now one of the heetdinij .floors in the; city, and wo notice thasi quadrille assembly, under the supervinond Mr Crannnge, has been formed to put ftfa practical use. 