NEWS OF THE WEEK. . The weather at present during tlio daythno is very pleasant, boing warm and gonial, but tho nights aro quite chilly. Rain is much needed. Ix tho matter of. Prederiak Merrott Roe, of Adolong, insolvent, a. third mooting will bo bold in Sydnoy on tho 14th May next. A . coihiespoxdext ?writing from Jugiong says: — An interesting game of handball was conlosted last Saturday at tho roar of Sheahan's Hotel, for a wagor of £5 asido. Tho namos of tho porsons omploj'od in tho gamo worp Messrs. J . Shcahan, J . O'Mara, J. Osborne, and J. Flyun. It resulted in a victory for tho former two- Flynn | and Osborno exhibited some oxcollont play, but sonio laborious practico' tho provious day turnod out to bo a greator loss than advantage, and which consequently proved favorablo to their rivals. Tho day was all that could bo desired for tho occasion, and considering that thopooplo of Jugiong do not take a great interest in hand ball playing, thoro wore a groat many prosont. Several other matches wero played throughout tho day, but 1 havo not hoard tho names of tho players nor tho results of tho matches. Tho nights aro growing cold, owing to tho visitation of slight frosts, which aro carlior iu tho- year than usual. Pasture is dccoieasing daily, and thoro is.ovory indication of povorty amongst' stoclc. Cattle and horses— or rather, I should say, tho frames of thom— aro propped up against logs and foncos. With tho littlo sagacity thoy possess, I 8iipposo they think this noecssaiy for their support, as thoro is not sufficiont food to keep thom on thoir legs. This deplorable stato of affairs could bo easily romedicd, if tho pigs, goats, and sheop, tho proporty of various owners, wero impounded. Ox Tuesday last a Chinoso lady, tho wifo of a fitorokoenor at Adnlnnn-. nrnvnd in fnwn hr Cobb's coach, attondod by hot maid (also a Colostial), and put up at Try's Hotel, whoro sho dined in Company , with hor husband and othor countrymen. Sho was attired after tho Chinoso fashion, hor dress being of richly om broidorod satin. Sho wore 110 hat or bonnot, but had a .quantity. of.. elioico. flowers in her hair. Sho loft for hor now -homo (luring the afternoon iu a buggy- and- pair. During hor short stay in Gundagai sho was tho obsorvod of all observers. Not long sinco- a raro epecimon of the 'bushmapolitan,' who roaidos not far from Gundagai, but who seldom or novor honors tho town with his prcsenco, 'took it into his head to visit Sydnoy, but not caring to tvavol by rail at night, being afraid, as ho himself expressed it, ' that tho dushed thing might lose its way in tho dark,' put- up at tho oxcollont hotel at Cootumundra kept by Mrs. Angovo, whero ho mado himself quito at homo. During tho evening our friend took a stroll about tho town ship, and happoned to oncountor a man selling oysters. Those appeared to astonish him yory | much, aud ho asked tho proprietor what thoy wore. 41 Why, oysters— what else?' ropliod ho. ' Yes,' cried Rusticus, 'but what's they made of?' 'Why, they're fish, to be sure,' retorted the oystorraan,. not too civilly. 11 Pish ! and with what do you kotch them, with worms or frogs, and do you think J oould got any in tho Murrmnbidgoo ? ' This proved too much for tho vendor of bivalves, who, thinking poor Rusticus was endeavoring to raiso a laugh at his expense, was preparing to give him a thrash ing, which, however, he might not havo found a vory easy matter, when Constablo Sim came upon the sceno aud made the parties rnovo on» Ix roferenco to tho rooont firo at , Mr. | MeGlndo's, Wanlnbadgery, wo are informed I that the £350 insurance premium covored a shed and DUO bushels of oats and 200 bushels of wheat, all of which wer« saved, as well as tho I hay which was destroyed. Tho total amount of tho dumago dono was about £30. 1 Pon sonio mouths past tho trespass of pigs on tho race-course has boon a general subject of complaint, particularly amongst, thoso of our J readers who tako an intorost in turf matters. To such proportions has tho nuisanco grown ! that tho Trustees havo found it well-nigh im | possible to keep tho courso in anything ap proaching dccont onlor, notwithstanding that thoy havo oxponded considerable sums of monoy I on it. Undor theso circumstances wo aro glad to sco that tho lessees aro at longth determined to inako an effort to abato tho miisauco by im pounding, without respect to owners, all pigs found so trespassing. Yesterday a great num ber wero driven through tho town en route to tho pound. * Diuuxa tho last fow days tho Ro v. Samuel ITox, Chucrh of Uugland minister at Pioton,' paid a flying visit to Gundagai. Tho rov. gen tleman was, as doubtless many of our readors will rccolloct, stationod at Tumut twonty years ago, and had chargo also of Gundagai, there being no resident clergyman in this town irj; thoso days. It was ho who obtained from tho Uovornment a grant of tho site on which1 St. John's Church now stands, and it was during his ministry that tho foundations of ' that odifico wore put in — no small work in them solvcs, owing to tho peculiarities of tho ground; I and it was ho also who built tho school-house at South Gundagai, Sevonteon years ago tho rov. gentleman was removed to Wagga Wagga, which was thon fast growing in importance, and I thoro ho labored for four years, whon ho was ! transferred to a Sydnoy parish, and subse quently, thrco years and a half later, to Picton, whero ho has sinco remained. During his short j stay amongst us ho visited many old friends, ! who woro dolightcd to meet hiin onco again. IIo proceeded to Adolong 'by conoh yesterday. Xo business has boon transacted at tho polico court sinco our last issue. Ox Monday last Mr. Lovo, P.M., journeyed to Cootamundra, rnd tho next day heard, toge | ther with Messrs. Jones and Do Boos, an im portant chargo brought against JohnD. Fer guson by J. and 33. Barnes, storekeepers. Tho dofcndant was charged with defrauding the right of tho lienees (J, and E. Barnes) to cer tuui wheat included in a lien under tho Lien on Crops Act, duly executed and registered. Messrs. Scarvall and Uealey appeared for tho complainants. Having hoard tho ovidonce, tho bench committed tho dofondant to tako his trial at tho Gundagai Quarter Sessions on tho 2Gtli May noxt ; bait allowed — accused in £40, aud two suroties in £20 each. The following tender for road work has boon accepted by tho Government : — J. Siuelair, contract li, road Tuinut to Adolong. We havo reooived a lottor, signed r' A Racer,' iu which tho writer says ho desires to contradict tv report that has boon put in circu lation to tho effect that tho racoa at Coolac on Easter Monday wore no good. So far from this being truo, our correspondent says thoy passod off most successfully, and both Mr. and Mrs. Hoaro did all thoy could to promote tho comfort and enjoyment of visitors. We loam that Mr. Richard Driver, M.P., is soriously ill. The following solcctions wero takon up at tho Gundagai Land-oflieo yesterday; — Thomas Cunuingham, 40a, Claris Prauk ICelly, 40a, Mitta Mitta A. J. A. Boveridge, 40a, Eurongilly W. J; Mooro, 40a, Coonoy Patrick McGarvoy, 300a, Gobarralong Prancis Pitzpatrick, 240a, Gobarralong William Cowdeu, 320a, Gobarralong Charles Robertson, G8a» Eurongilly Kdward Adams, '40a, Burra ? JohnLcary, 400a lr» Wantiool. Tiierb appears says tho * Daily Tolograh ' to bo a disposition on tho part of tho polico to doprivo tho public of tho uso of that modoru but vory convenient institution know as ' tho coffee-stall.' This morning, wo understand, tho proprietor- is to appear at tho Contra! Polieo Court to 6how cause why ho should not bo punished for dispensing that wholosomo and agroeablo beverago in tho publiostroot through out tho night. ; It would bo much moro roason ablo to call upon the polico to show causo why thoso who aro obligod to work at night should bo doprived of refreshments which aro not in toxicating. The Victorian Racing Club has decided to tako steps to procuro an act of Parliament to legalise the uso of tho totalisater throughout, tho colony. The Biirrangong Free Solootors* Association is to bo dissolved. ? ? A boiling -dowx establishment is about to^bo? started ut Braidwood. V;- Mb. James White Rica, a resident noar Adelaide, left Adelaide on Tuesday in his own yacht, on a scientific expedition to New Guinea, taking with him Mr. Cookorill,- a naturalist* . IIo will call at Sydney ou lus way.; ? ? . OrEitATioxs at tho thrco- largo engineering establishments of Moycs and Donald, at New castle, Stockton, and Wickham, have boon sus pended, tho Bank of Australasia having closcd on tho firm and taken possession. The Gunning corrospondont of tho 'Post' states that Mr. J. Bean, son., who for many years has been so woll and favourably known as proprietor of tho Fraukfiold Hotol,- intends to rotiro from businoss and ofYor tho hotol for sale. i- v 1 ; ; Ills Honor Sir William Manning prosidod at tho *Dubbo Circuit Court, and not having bcou ablo to ontortain at dinnor (according fo tho custom of tho Supremo Court Judges on Circuit) 6omo of tho leading gontlomon of tho town and district, lie' lias distributed the pro bable cost ot' tho ontertainmont in the following manner: — £u to tho Dubbo hospital; £2 to tbo School of Arts ; and to tho English Church fund. Rath ei t a peculiar caso (says tho Echuca Advortisor1) was set down tor hearing at tho Ileathcoto County Court, beforo his Honor Judge Biudon. At the intersection of Pohlman and High-streots, Heathcoto, is situiitoda brow ory, which has boon untenanted for a long time past, and was snid to. havo been tho haunt of a ghost, somo whito objoct having frequently boon seon patrolling tho promises at tho mystic hour. A young gontleman not living far off was es corting a young lady homo one ovoning,, some two months sinco, and when passing tho _8uper natural promonado, behold a whito object in front of him. Without moro ado ho rushed for ward and struck tho supposod ghost a hoavy blow with liis walking stick. Ilowover, tho ghost proved to bo substantial flesh and bono, in tho shape of a daughforof a trooper, and who was quietly talking at tlio place to a friond, sho boing dressed in a whito garment. Negotiations for an amicablo sottlomont having failed, tho father of tho inj irod intonds to bring an aotion in the County Court to rocovor £200 damages. The authorities havo notifiod all disreputablo women who frcquont tho approaches to tho, Exhibition . in Stophon-strcot, Molbourno, to clear out. or bo prosecutod. Pleukq-pxeumoxia has brokon out among soino dairy cattlo near Williamstown Victoria. Stivoral woro dostroyed and othors aro suffering.. ^ The rosult of tho! olootion for tho Claronco was tho rctui u of Miv Paucett by a majority of 115 votes. Tho numbers wero: Faucott 13GI, Purvos 12-iG, Davidson 519. Tho total liuuibor of votes polled woro 3220, of which 40 woro informal, . A xirorrixo match for £1(10 a-sido has. boon arranged for tho otid of May, or tho beginning of Juno, betweon Chisholm ami Stuckey^ Darkoy and Paithfull . and Dean's imported Americau trotter Ajax, distance thrco miles, aud tho ovout to bo run on tho Goulbum r.ico courso. It has been suggested by a numbor of load ing goutlomon that tho Government proclaim Tuesday, April 20 a public holiday, to colobrato tho closing of tho Intornatioual Exhibition. — [It will bo seen by our tolegrain that Tuesday has boon proclaimed a holiday. — Ed. G.T.J At tho Invoroll Quarter Sessions, held a fow days ago, two Chinamen, Ah Right and Ly Yco, wero charged with having appropriated to thoir own uso a cortain sum of money which thoy had found. Tho 1 Invoroll Horald * roports : — iL His Honor ronmrked that tho prisoners were, in his opinion, guilty, Ah Right probably moro than tho other, as ho seemed to havo pockotcd most of tho proceeds. Tho jury retired for a fow minutes. ' Thoy roturned a verdict of guilty against Ly Yeo, but found All Right not guilty^ His, Honor Judgo Moymott was surprisod at tho vordict. Turning to Mr. Harrison, ho said, '.When do tho prisoners dine, Mr. Harrison Mr. Harrison : At 12 o'clock, your Honor; thoy will havo dinner immediately.' TTia Houor : { Thon tho seiitonco of tho Court against tho prisoner Ly Yeo is/ that ho bo imprisoned for half an hour, and in tho mcantimo get his dinner.' This sontonco was rccoivcd by tho crowd of onlookers in. court with -a - burst of* laughtor.' The following is tho latest telegram from tho Copeland: — 'Rich stone is boiug raised from Slado's reof , Kerriput. Tho reef is widening as it dcopons. .The mill raco is nenrly«finished, and it is reported thut a machino has been purchasod. Tho machino will bo worked by water power. Tho proprietors of tho Rainbow macldno dcclino crushing stono for tho Moun tain Maid East No. 1 Company, Messrs. Marshall, Buyioy, and party.' The ' Ota go Daily Timos' roports that at Timarau Hogarty, tho long-distanco walker of Southland, completed his task of walking 112 miles in 21 hours, being sovon minutes within time. Ho was fearfully exhausted towards tho finish. Iu tho last mile ho fell down twice, and brandy had to bo dashed ovor liim. Ho had his hair pulled and his ribs poked to rovivohim and keep liim awake, tho crowd in tho moantimo calling out ' Go it, old man,' 'Don't givo in.'* Tho exhibition was disgraceful and brutal. A protest lias beon entered that tho milo was 2G yards short. Hogarty declared if tho distanco is disputed that ho is prepared to walk 115 miles in tho 'samo thno. ; .? The taxed costs of tho plaintiff in tho caso Shephord v. Dibbs amounted to £1055 14s. 7d. Tho bill provious to taxation was £1010 ()s. Id. Ax ordination sorvico was hold at St. John's Church, Wagga (tho ' Express' statos) on Sun day morning; when tho Revs. W. M. Whito, of Adolong, j. Scott, of Albury, and A. B. S. West, of Narandera, doacons, prosentod tliomsolvos for admission into tho priesthood. His Lord ship, tho Bishop of Goulburn was assisted in tlio coreroonj' by tho Revs. Canon Gwvnno, of Burtewa, and S. B. Holt. Tho sermon in tho morning was preached by tho Bishop of Goul burn, iwho-'solocted as his toxt. 1st Timothy,, 4th chap.,':i5tli and 16th vorsos.' ' Meditate upon these-tliings ; give thysolf wholly to thorn; that' thy profiting may appoar. to all. Tako hoed unto thysolf and unto the doctrino; continuo in them; for in doing this thou shalt both eavo thysolf arid thom' that hoar thco.' His Lord ship pointed out to tlio candidates iu plain and forciblo languago tho duties and responsibilities of tho oflice to whieli they wero to bo admitted. After the soriuon tho coromony of ordination I was proeooded with. In tho afternoon a sorinon I was proaohed to tho childron by tho Rov. W. M. Whito,* of Adolong. In tho evoniug tho Bishop of Goulburn again proaohed, tho text . boing Luke, 24th chap., ;J4tli vorso: 'Tho Lord is rison indued, and hath appeared to Simon.' Tho congregations at tho throo services woro vory largo* ?' ' ? ; ? ' i A co-orErtATi ve company of graziers is boing formed in Bombala for tho exportation of frosh moat to England from Twofold Bay. Tho fat stock is to bo bought; only from tho firm. , j The * Porbos Times' statos for a fact that a littlo boy, about six years old, was placod in a boarding school m Molbourno by his paronts, i who reside on tho Darling. Having boon ' punishod for diaobedionco, :he ran .away from; school and walked hoino, a distance of 300 milo3, i much to thogoy of tho paronts, who had boon | informed of his disnppoaraneo and had feared liol . had corno to an untimely oihU I Mn. G. R. DmiiS, tho defendant in the receut notorious caso of Shephord v. Dibbs, and who was cast iu such heavy damages and costs, has assigned his estate in trust for tho benoiit of his croditors to Messrs. Drysdalo and Roberts and Mr. Balfour, manager of tho Oriental Bank. Regarding this action a telegram in tho ' Goul burn Herald' says The action of Mr. Dibbs in assigning his ostato involves his probable iin 1 prisonmont for twolvo months by virtuo of tho judgment in tho caso of Shophord vorsus Dibbs, as no proceeding in insolvency can dischargo his liabilities in respect to tho £2000 damages awarded in tho lato caso, but ho will remain amonablo to legal process. No release after assignment can affect a verdict in au action for slandor.. It is statod that Mr. Dibbs profors going to jail to paying Shophord. Tho latter now becomes liablo for his own costs, oxcceding £1300.' ?Ix the libt of insolvencies wo notico tho follow ing surrondors :-r-Predorick Waltor McAlistor, late of Walbundrio, near Albury. Liabilities, £80 ds. lid ; assets, £3. Patrick Reunion, of Tumut, innkoepor, out of business. Liabilities, ' £203 15s. 9Ad ; assets, £86 18s. 4d. Mr. Sompill is tho official assignco in each instance. I A Miss McColl has boon burnt to death atjJ Wellington whilo in a stato of intoxication. * The ' Advocato' states that the maiTiagcable young ladios of Gulgong aro far iu oxcoss of the uiarriageablo young men. There aro fifty six young damsels porfeotly' willing to enter into tho bonds of wedlock, but scarcely a dozen young inon who show tho slightest inclination to undertake tho responsibilities of matrimony. A sirimxG disnstor notice in a Glasgow news paper, as follows : — Tho captain swam ashoro, and so did tho stewardess ; sho was insured for £5000, and loaded with iron.' A little girl namod Chonoweth, agod thrco yoar3, diod last week at Kangaroo Island (S.A.) from burns roeoived through hor olothes catch ing firo. Hor sister, aged seven years, cut tho burning clothos ofl! with a knife, and narrowly escaped herself, her hands being soveroly burnt. Ox Wcdnesdaj* night a fire broko out at tho draper's shop on tlio cornor of Victoria and Errol streets,' Hotliam, Victoria, known as tho Crystal Palaco, and, although it was got under in half an hour, £1500 worth of damage* was dono. Tho place was insured. Tun men, Chu- ko and Lewis, charged with tho larceny of half a £10 note at Yass, havo beon committed for trial. Mi*. H. Bnowx, of Bondininc, near Tasw, Imis been elected a momber of tho council of tho Agricultural Society of New Suuth 'Wales. A (jaxal to connect Molbourno by wator with Hobson's ijayj its port, has been commenced. i A 15AILWAV station at Dubbo is estimated to cost £14,(JS2. A little daughter of Mr. Georgo Ticohurst^ butehor, Goulburn, fell into a cauldron pf some boiling liquid on Friday, and wits badly scalded, .but is nWr recovering. TiiE proposal of tho directors of tho AustraKan Mutual Provident iVssociation to dobartheuso of proxies at all futuro meotings has occasioned vory natural resontinont on tho part of policy holders resident at a distaac©. The abolition of proxies means, of course, tho principal disfran chisement of all policy holders not resident in Sydnoy, a step that would bo . bound to act projudieally to tho best interests of tho associa tion. The ' Wagga Wagga Advertiser' says, in roforonco to tho cattlo which died suddo?iy at tho North Wagga pound last week, that thoro wero twenty-two head altogether put in tho paddock, and out of this number ten»succambcd to tho iliseoso. Opinion dilVors as to tho naturo of tho diseaso, some maintaining that it was tho Cumberland disease, whilo others assort most positively that tho cattlo died of tho pleuro. The 'Express' says that tho owner, 5£r. MeNickle, oxpresses his bolief that tho cattlo in question died from tho effects of somo poisonous, weed. A ]ioy aged nino years, son of Mr- Burgess,, assistant postmastor at Goulburn, pulled somo hoavy boards on himself whilo playing; on. Thursday, and fractured his skull aud broke his thigh. Ho is in a precarious state. ^ The .Orangomon of Goulburn aro going1 to oroct.a hall, aud havo purchased a. pieco of land for tho puipose. A high discovery of cop])or has beon mado noar Monindio, with splendid avomgo specimons of malachito and black oro. 15,000 acres of land woro selected for sugar cultivation at Mackaj*, Queensland on. Wed nesday. Austjialiax nemonclaturo is not likoly to fail so long as tho ingonuity which characterises tho namo ' Illabo,' the station boyond Juneo onctlio Southern 'lino, is porsevorod iu. This I 'was originally 'Billabong,' d titlo which is perploxingly frequent in 'colonial geography. Tho first and two last lottors woro lopped oif, and tho aboriginal sounding and distinctive 'Illabo' was tho rosult. A Loxdox tologram in tho San Francisco .? Bulletin,' dated March 4, says: — 'Boyd, tho oarsman, has recently shown wonderful im provomont, in consoquoiico of which ho has issuod a general cliallongo, doolaring that ho will row any man in tho world ovor a straight three mile courso on tho Tees, in threo months from signing tho artiolos, for £300 asido, and ho will ' allow £25 exponsos to tho competitor. A Hay tologram statos that tho inquiry into tho origin of tho luto firo at M'Cullocli'a resulted in a vordiet against tho manager, who was arrested on a chargo of arson, and allowod bail, himself in £200 hud two sureties of £100 each to appear in answor to tho chargo at tho Deuiliquin Circuit Court on 2 1st instant. : We learn that at Parramatta Police Court, on Monday, an nltorcation took placo betweon tho presiding liingistratos owing to tho chairman oxamiaing a dood which was put in as ovidonco, and expressing his opiuion by asking tho witness a .. quostiou ; without consulting his brothor Vungistrato, who in strong language oxprossod liiinsolf as boing slighted, and considorod tho chairman ;liad showu a want of rospoet to him. Owixa to ? tho largo numbor of uuoinploj'od besieging hiin.porsounlly tor work, tho Minister for^Works in Victoria has boon compolled to sot apart Wed- nosday ai'tornoon iu ouch weok to investigate their cases. * . Ox Wednesday night the house of Mr. Cox, stationmastor at Nowcastlo, was ontored by burglars, and a cabinet containing geological specimens abstracted therefrom'. It is thought tho weight misled tho thieves. 