A Bachelor's Reminiscences of the Carnival of St. Vincent. Welcome, gentlemen ! Ladies that have their toes Unplaced with corns will have a bout with you. Ah. ha ! my mistresses ! which of you all Will now deny to dancc 1 She that makes dainty, She, I'll swear, hath corns, ****«?«« What lady's that which doth enrich the hand of yonder knight 1 Shakespeare was only partially right. Human nature is probably the same now as it was three hundred or more years ago, and it may be safely taken for granted that if those who attend any celebration in honour of Terpsichore do not render full homage to the immortal deity, something must be radically wrong with them, either externally or internally. Tight-fitting boots evidently came within Shakespeare's ken as one cause of abstention from dancing, otherwise where did the corns referred to spring from? Perhaps in his time razors were unknown, and consequently ladies who placed their feet in leather vices were unable to relieve themselves of the penalty. Things have altered for the better since then. No one will contend that boots are made less tight-fitting than formerly, and it must therefore be admitted that ladies of the present day possess an antidote of which their predecessors were ignorant. They still make martyrs of themselves for fashion' sake ; no pain is too great for them to bear, so long as it is fashionable ; but, for all that, they dance, and evidently enjoy This proves conclusively that ' our girls ' are wiser than were their prototypes of the Shakespearian era ; then 'he agonies of a fashionable damsel were apparent and permanent; now they are endured only temporarily, while the boot pinches. But it may be safely asserted that the biggest corn in the world would not prevent a lady from dancing if she had set her mind upon it. Corns aro bad enough, in all conscience, and so are tight-fitting boots; but, bad as both are, they cannot , be held responsible for so many ladies sitting down, instead of being engaged in the dance. Shakespeare ffiU8t, therefore, be consigned to the middle ages, and the reason be sought for in some other direction. Has personal appearance anything to do with it ? Scarcely ; or among the number are maidens of surpassing beauty, dressed with exquisite taste, and looking so enchantingly switching that twenty Benedicts rolled into one would find it difficult to refrain from forswearing celibate vows. ven the chaperones and matrons of a more mature growth jronld prove delightful partners in the giddy waltz, nt, anxious as one may be to find out why there so many ' wallflowers,' one can't ask a lady tn ^oesn'®: dance; it is rather delicate ground ****** ® be may prefer to wait for one for whom narbiPrsv;^^' r^an*- *-ut wbo has not yet solicited her she nhi J^'-- °fi. ^ have excused herself because imimrtS^ . company of another who had been more aUcKt-mif6 ' °r-' a£tt*ni ®be may have been overlooked, and ?'WW to remain m expectancy. Or ? but here a sudden been ^ JJ^ed .across the vision. The mind had short P^nitarily carried back to an incident narrated a t' the efiect that a lady, in severed ?i,0 1 arms to Pu^ B 'bus strop, exDosefl fnt; ^ ber dress from its body, and a nublir w 011 ai'ticle of clothing that is seldom seen in Problem c-fe?allf!e- Here, then, was the solution of the ime IhikJo Ia BSP®are. 8 corns notwithstanding. In his 1 lacues who abstained from dancing were evidently the victims of the bootmaker ; in our time, they are martyrs to - the fashionable dressmaker. ****** Such were the thoughts that instantly rushed across my mind on entering the Exhibition on the memorable night of St. Vincent's ball. They were merely momentary, however, and occupied less time than would be taken up in reading the first half-dozen lines. The scene was too animated to permit of a reverie being long indulged in. Here, thought I, were flitting past representatives of ages and persons almost lost in antiquity, if not in obscurity. It seemed as if the past were linked to the present, and that all those whose lives contributed to make the middle ages such a brilliant era in the world's history had combined to leave their ghostly habi tations for an excursion trip to the world's surface and indulge for a few hours in the 'light fantastic. ' But this idea was no sooner entertained than dispelled, and dispelled, too, in a most ignominious manner. I remembered enough of history to be aware of the fact that Charles II. was a bit of n in llio *TTO TT u tsuujjcgiauc m uid and as soon as he made his . appearance in the ball room I naturally imagined that he would revert to his old practice of making love to every lady who came across his path. But no; he wandered about in the most melancholy fashion, as if deeply repenting the follies of his youth. ' Have you the toothache 'r' said I. He looked at me. with astonishment. ' Tooth ache ? ' cried he ; ' what \- the deuce makes you ask that question?' ' Be cause you are as unfitted to represent the character vou assume as a cat would be to ape the lion; you look more like an under 1 taker than the gay Charles.' ' Charles ? ' repeated he, with a sigh of pity for my ignorance ; ' why, I'm a barristerat law ! ' ' And who's your sister?' 'Oh, she's a TnuKmaia. J- luougm she was 'Betsv.'' And thus were mv illusions dispelled; the further I pursued my inquiries', the more I became convinced how egregiously 1 was mistaken. Here I had fondly imagined that I was gazing on representatives of heroes and heroines of a bygone age, and had conjured up the brilliant histories pertaining to each, when I was rudely shocked to find that my veneration had been bestowed on Spanish ladies, Court ladies, orphans, milkmaids, lawyers, doctors, Court jesters, and ' gentlemen of the nineteenth century.' History, in the matter of dress, was evidently repeatiner itself. 1 must make the suggestion that at all future fancy dress balls a ticket should be worn in some con spicuous place — the forehead, for instance — indicating the cha racter represented. Then, again, charac ters should be made to speak for them selves. An Orphan should cry, as if seek ing some one to take care of her ; Margue rite should have her spinning wheel; Des demona should be searching for her handkerchief ; Dolly Varden should trip round the room gaz- . ing on a bracelet; SpanishLadies should eat oranges and smoke cigarettes Hospital Nurse should carry a poultice and a bot tle of medicine in her [ hand : a Milkmaid should have a three-legged stool and a milkpau by her side ; Josephine should be listening to the vows of Ralph Rackstraw ; and a Flirt should promenade with a host of admirers in her train. As for male characters, Falstaff should be continually eating and drink ing ; Sailors should be splicing ropes and dancing horn pipes; MephiBtopheles should play the very devil ; a_ High lander should dance a Scotch reel ; Paul Pry should intrude wherever he is. not wanted ; a Lawyer should audibly ex plain an Act of Parliament ; Cricketers should have wickets and bate slung over their shoulders ; Doctors should carry dissecting knives and a few boxes of pills ; but I hardly ! know how a ' Gentleman of the Nineteenth Century,' or, as some describe themselves, ' Gentlemen ' — could ade- j quately announce the assumption of the character. What i constitutes a 'gentleman' in the ball-room? Is he ^iflrAWant An ClinV QTI ftAAB ?- 1 sion from any other time ? and is it actually an assumption ordinarily foreign to his nature? Most visitors in plain evening dress are content that their demeanour and good breeding should speak for themselves, and a gentleman is seldom, if ever, wronged by the opinions thus formed ; but to appear at a plain and fancy dress ball in the character of a ' Gen tleman' is an anomaly which passes my poor understanding. There were one or two represen tatives of gentlemen of a century or two back, but they made a weak show ; ) they even forgot their snuff-boxes, and didn't swear ! But what can be found in a sailor's or a cricketer's dress that can come under the denomina tion of 'fancy?' The only solution of the I ? ? T it.VU ! Jjruuiuiil LLLcLL JL UaU UlLLLB. of is that a fancy price has been paid for the materials; but there is this to be said in favour of these dresses, that they permit of much greater freedom of action in dancing than would be possible in such a make-up as Falstaff or Don Quixote — that is, if either -iress be historically accurate. For two genuinely comical-looking personages, commend me to Robinson Crusoe and Public Opinion. I don't know thatold Crusoe— the original one, I mean — had such a plentiful sup ply of soap that he could have presented so cleanly an appear ance in attire as did his prototype, and it is open to question whether he was so happy in his lonely state ; if he really was as represented, I can only say my feelings and sym pathies were cruelly worked 'upon in my youthful days. Anyhow, the get-up was admirable, and offered a marked contrast to the ' gentlemen of the 19th century.' I must confess to having felt hurt, as a journalist, at the insinua tions conveyed by Public Opinion against the Press, and it would have afforded me intense satisfaction to have seen his patchwork covering set on fire or deluged with a bottle of ink. That hat of his had the same effect on my feelings as a red cloth has on a bull's ; I didn't attempt to knock it off and trample it under foot, but I had a strong inclination to do so. And yet there was nothing actually objectionable about the hat itself ; it was what surmounted it. Shades of Caxton and Franklin defend us ! It was— listen, ye defenders of public morality, freedom, and virtue, for I say it with bated breath — a weathercock! Who dares to assert that the Press is influenced like a wea ' Milkmaid' — *K SHE WAS. AS SHE OUGHT TO HAVE BEEN. 'Fancy Dress' (as it was)—' Gentleman of the 19th Century.' thercock ?— that it is affected by the slightest puff of wind, and veers round to all points of the compass ? Perish the thought ! This is public opinion with a vengeance, and the man who gives utterance to it will meet with his due reward some day by finding his name left out of print. Mephisto pheles was a capital make-up, but I think his appear ance would have been improved by a tail and cloven feet; and the occasional use of red fire would have added considerably to the effect. I have often heard of the fierceness and valour of the old Scotch warriors, but never did I tremble so much as when a huge Highland Chief nearly trod upon my toes; had he succeeded, nothing less than amputation would have been necessary. He was every inch a chief — and that's saying a great deal, for the number of inches was beyond my calculation— and looked prepared to lead all the clans in Scotland to death or victory; however, he found more peaceful occupation in the ball-room. I don't like to see men dressed in silk; it is too effeminate, and the wearers seem uncomfortable, especially those whose unmentionables resemble walking sticks'. To such I would hint that 'padding' is not an unknown article in the dressing- room of a theatre, but care must be exercised in its adjustment. One Spanish grandee evidently felt the loss of his trousers, for I frequently noticed his hands wandering about in search of the usual pockets ; he seemed quite dismayed at finding that no such receptacles existed. But for representatives of Kings, Princes, Dukes, and Lords of a couple of hundred years ago to put in an appearance with kid-gloved hands and without swords seems to me an outrage on the dear departed; I wonder that their ghosts did not arise to protest against such an innovation. I felt much pity for tho ' bones ' of a Christy Minstrel troupe, because I knew that while others were amused at his appearance, he himself would suffer martyrdom when ho got warm; I hope he found a refrigerator on the premises. I began eventually to turn my attention to the dresses worn by some of the ladies, but I was altogether at sea in this department. How should a flirt or a coquette be dressed? thought I. What is the difference between a Bohemian girl, a Spanish peasant, a dancing girl, and an Italian peasant ? Wouldn't ' Innocence ' and 'Evangeline' be appropriately clad in snow-white drapery classically arranged ? What consti- tutesthe dressof Two Orphans? I'm an orphan myself, but I go to the same tailor as a friend of mine, who has a father and two mothers (one's a mother-in-law, by- tlie-by) ; he's better off than I am in this respect, but we dress similarly. One lady carried a sort of barber'spole : — that's Britannia, thought I ; but I afterwards thought it wasn' t. Barbers exist in France as well as in England. Marie Stuart looked magnificent in her white satin and pearls, but she never shed a tear ; the original did a good deal in that line, I fancy. I noticed a 'Wild Huntress among the throng, but instead of pouncing upon a victim she behaved as tamely as a dove. I must say that I felt almost inclined to mention to Dosdomona that she need be under no apprehension of violence on the part of Othello, as everything had been satisfactorily ex plained ; I always sympathised with her on the stage, and longed for an opportunity of telling her so ; but as neither her sable lord nor Cassio was present, I concluded that they bad killed each other in a duel, whereat I was consoled. And so, also, with Marguerite ; how I should like to have exposed the machinations of Mephi stopheles and Faust ! B ut, no ; the former had his eyes upon me, and I have an abhorrence of brimstone. The hospital and ambulance nurses looked so benevolent and lrind that I felt that a few days' illness would have been a pleasure if I were placed under their care ; I was bold enough to ask one for some medicine, but she directed me to go upstairs to the dis pensary ; this was rather dispiriting, but I went, and had a dose. But, after all, I must confess to 'a weakness for those coquettish, skittish, amusing, roguish-looking little ladies yclept Peasant Girls, Vivandieres, Dolly Vardens, Little Buttercups, &c.; ; they skip and walk about as if they existed more off the ground than on it, and seem to be under no such restraint as is imposed upon 'heavy characters,' who have to keep up their prestige. These girls lead, for the nonce, a sort of Bohemian existence ; they . do, look, and say just what they please in the most unrestrained and provoking manner, — in fact they are feminine free lances, and don't care two straws how far their darts penetrate the masculine armour. I admire girls who can say ' Boo ' to a goose, and have no doubt these Bohemians found plenty of occu pation in that direction, for neither their tongues' nor feet were stationary the whole night, and for all I know both are still on the move. While, however, these innocenf little maids excited feelings of admiration, the more stately dames commanded deep respect and veneration, on account of the historical importance of the personages they repre sented. No one would venture to indulge in ' small talk' with Queen Mary, or a Grand Duchess, or the ill-fated Lady Anne ; for my own part, I wouldn't presume to exchange a word with either without having first devoured the contents of all the history books I could lay my hands on. But if I were introduced to a Bohemian, I should feel more at ease, and at liberty to converse about the style of dress of the first lady that passed by. A fancy dress^ ball, however, would be incomplete without every variety of costume and character being represented. If all the ladies who attended assumed the characters of Queens, Duchesses, Court Ladies, Desdemonas, &c.;, we should be overawed by their august presence, and pine for a sight of the saucy looking peasant and dancing girls, Forget-me-Nnts, La rarels, iioliy var dens, and others m their short dresses and richly coloured skirts andstock ings. And what could be more wearisome for ladies than to be able to gaze upon nothing but cricketers, sailors, barristers-at- law, and ' gentlemen of the nine teenth century?' Variety is charming, says the old adage, and this truism is especially ap plicable to a fancy dress ball. But why should the characters assumed be confined to those of the celebrities of the past three or four centuries only? Why not go back further in. the world's history — to the time when Adam delved and Eve span?— or further still, to that period when the world was inhabited by man's predecessor, the monkey? — at least, so says Darwin. The dress required for the re presentation would cer tainly not be of a very costly or ornamental character, and in the case of Adam some diffi culty might be experienced in finding out what articles of clothing could be judiciously dispensed with ; but, at any rate, an effortought to be made in this direction, so that we could trace our pedigree to the remotest ages. It would be an edifying spectacle, for instance, to see the first man of our race linked arm-in-arm to a modern Dundreary, or Eve gracefully entwining her arm around the waist of a fashionable young lady of the most pronounced type; but it is questionable which would suffer by the comparison. The modern lady would certainly have one great advantage over her more primitive companion, inas much as the latter, in her youth, was not in the habit of appearing in public, and would therefore be too coy and sensitive for these advanced times; and if, as has been asserted, our dearly-beloved and much-lamented first rnt stood 30 feet high in her stockings, it must apparent to all that adequate justice could not be done to her. If, however, we are too insignificant in stature now-a-days to represent these worthies, why not skip over two or three thousand years, and select heroes and heroines who were not so much superior to ourselves in this respect ? Troilus and Cressida would make a charming pair in a quadrille, and Ulysse and Cassandra an excellent vis-a-vis; sides could be formed by Paul Pry and Queen Marie and Beau Brummel and a Carolinian negress. To come to a later period, we have Cleopatra, Marc Antony, Julius Cassar, Harold, William the Conqueror, Druids, and Knights Crusaders. Edward the Black Prince would look magnificent, and j Henry Y., the humpbacked Richard, Cardinal Wolsey, Joan of Arc, Shakespeare, Sir Walter Raleigh, and a host of others would present not onlv a magnificent spec tacle, but go far to improve our historical knowledge. I throw out these hints from a purely selfish motive. Personally, 1 feel under an obligation to those ladies ^vuuciuvu vrixv ayj peared in fancy costume, and thereby contributed so much to the success of the St. Vincent's Ball. They had evidently gone to con siderable expense and trouble in preparing for it, but I have no doubt they felt fully rewarded by the result. The dresses were not only good, but in many instances mag nificent, and in nearly all cases, with scarcely an exception, most effective, and, althongh incongru ities were occasionally noticeable, these only served to increase the general good humour pre vailing among everybody present. But, believing, as I firmly do, in Darwin's theory, and looking at fancy dress balls from an educational point of view, I trust] that next year all the omissions I have pointed out will be rectified. I, for one, desire to trace our descent from the remotest period, and that will be im possible until we have representatives of men and women of all epochs in the world's history, even of those halcyon days when not a sound disturbed the serenity of the earth except the nut-cracking occupation pursued by pre Adamite man. ? ' Fancy Dress' (as it should HAVE BEEN)—' OUR FlRST Parent.' Design for Fancy Dress. 