The Result of the Elections. The general elections just terminated have been, probably, the tamest on record in the political history of this colony. This has been due principally to the temporary, but for the time almost complete, extinction of old party demarcations which was effected bv the somewhat remarkable alliance struck up between the two principal leaders in Parlia ment. It required but a small degree of adroitness, when once that combination of interests was accomplished, to so manage affairs that none but foregone conclusions should be before the country when a general election became due. The leaders of the so-called third party lent facility to such an ; employment of address. Theic v.eakness and their insufficiency for the position, they had assumed was never so forcibly demonstrated while they had possession of power, as when it fell to them to measure their capacity against the calculated baldness of Iheir successors' policy. Had their abilities been at all commensurate with their preten sions, they could not have been favoured with a more inviting opportunity for impressing that fact upon the constituencies. The Ministry have been content to claim the suffrages of the electors on the grounds of having deserved well for the accomplished work of the past session. They demanded little more than endorsement of what they had already done, and support to maintain the statu quo. Their programme for the future was meagre, vague, and shadowy. They con descended to give no indication that, now that their mutual obstruction of each others' energies had given place to co-operation, they realized that the progress and development of a young and susceptible community depended largely upon the scope of their concep tions, and the vigour of their undertakings. They were magniloquent, certainly, on the point of having'the courage of their opinions. But unluckily that courage was only displayed in connection with affairs which involved no pressing danger. The Premier was outspoken in regard to his fidelity to the principles of free trade, but free trade was already one of the subjects in favour of which the electors were known to be steadfast as a body. And no one imagined it to be in any way imperilled by the event of the elections. Very firm declarations were made of a determination to resist the claim advanced for remission of the interest due or to accrue on selectors' balances. But these bold announcements were not forthcoming until the voice of the country had already been heard unmistake ably to declare that the thing would not be tolerated. A prodigious grimace of constancy was made with reference to the principles of the Public Instruction Act passed during the session just terminated, but it was -quite obvious that on that point also an overwhelm ing majority throughout the electorates had decisively made up its mind. Notwithstanding that there were parties which would spare no possible effort to subvert the legislation effected, it was universally known that there was scarcely the ghost of a chance that any such endeavours could be effectual. The prevailing tide of popular opinion was running so strongly in favour of perpetuating the system inaugurated during the previous session, that it would have been evidence of temerity to oppose it. But, assuredly, it was no testimony of courage, or of a self-sacrificing spirit, to go with it. The opportunity for the young and vigorous third party was extraor dinary. Yet they gave no sign. The only evidence of their vitality was some captious and irritating criticism of the relations between members of the Coalition Ministry. The session about to be inaugurated affords, therefore, no very inspiriting prospect. Still, the infusion of new blood has been so copious that everything is possible for the new Assembly. Among so many new men, selected or at least approved by the constitu encies, it would be strange if there were not at least one or two of more than average ability. It was scarcely to be expected that any man would, on his first appearance on the political stage as a candidate for election, venture to propound any sweeping or compre hensive echeme of administration. The wiser and more sagacious the tyro, the less likely would he be so to commit himself before going through the preliminary campaign of a session, and gauging his opportunities. The most comfortable aspect of the new Assembly is that although a sweeping majority of its members are pledged to maintain those features of recent legislation which the majority in the country has approved, com paratively few are pledged to support this or that set of leaders. The past policy of the Pabkes-Kobertson administration has the assurance of a faithful phalanx of sworn adherents. . But as to the future policy of the Ministry, tho new Assembly is, in the whole, free to judge for itself. There is some satisfaction to be derived from this condition of affairs. It is better that men in power should be judged by their measures, than that measures should be favoured or neglected according to their acceptance orj otherwise by men in power. The ensuing session is scarcely likely to be prolific of great things. The new .members will for the most part be timid, and chiefly engaged in familiarizing themselves with par liamentary procedure, ana in gauging the real significance of men and things. But there is a prospect that, later, great changes may be produced by the introduction of so large a proportion of new men, and that, as party Government is inevitable, fresh groupings and combinations maybe evolved, and the manage ment of the public business of the colony advantaged by the fermentation of new ideas and oiiginal conceptions. 