i 4 THE CROWN DIAMONDS." Auber's opera "The Crown Diamonds" is announced for to-morrow night. As it hag never before been performed in Adelaide, we give the argument as follows: — The young Princess Maria Franceses, on her accession to the throne of Portugal, finding the treasury almost exhausted, orders the jewels of the crown to be sold, in order to defray the expenses of her coronation, intending to replace them by counterfeits. For this purpose she goes disguised to the retreat of a band of coiners, and pretending she is lady-in-waiting to the Queen, and bearing the royal instructions, engages them to manufacture a set of false diamonds, which may be worn in state without detection. Don Enrico de Sandoval, a young nobleman of rank, returning home from his travels, is lost among the mountains and seized by the coiners. Catarina—the name the Queen assumes—rescues him* Struck with her beauty and manners, Enrico falls in love with her, although he is pledged to his cousin Diana, and was on his way to be married when he was stopped so un- ceremoniously. Catarina is not insensible to theadmiration of this young cavalier, with whose entire history, to his surprise, she is acquainted. The jewels completed, Catarina is desirous to convey them to Lisbon, and secure the escape of the coiners. The latter is not easy to accomplish, as tbe mountains are surrounded by soldiers dispatched by the Minister of Police, uncle to Enrico. Ultimately, the forgers, arrayed as monks, elude the vigilance of the guards and effect their escape. Enrico reaches his uncle's house, and preparations are being made for his marriage with his cousin. The contract is about to be signed—equally to the regret of Diana as Enrico, since she and Don Sebastian, a young officer, had long been pledged to each other—when Catarina is ushered in, the carriage conveying her to Lisbon having broken down in front of the Minister's door. She is received most graciously by all except Enrico, who, recognising her, is terrified lest she should be discovered. Fortunately the Minister has not seen her, being summoned away by information that the crown diamonds have been stolen, or he must have detected the royal personage. Enrico, to ensure Catarina's safe retreat, discloses the secret of the incognita to Diana, and the cousins, now come to an understanding about their mutual love affairs, contrive Catarina's escape. The iady, however, does not depart without leaving behind her the intelligence that she is the famous queen of the bandits. Tbe time of Her Majesty's coronation draws nigh. According to the wish of the late King, a Council of Regency had been appointed to choose a husband for the young Queen ; but, as the members cannot agree, Her Majesty resolves to make choice for herself, and so she selects him who loved her for herself alone, and whose virtues she knows will cast a lustre on her throne brighter than jewels, or gold, or kingly rank. Don Enrico's feelings can only be imagined when he recognises in the Queen of Portugal Catarina, the chief of the coiners, and hears the royal voice pronounce the word that gives him new life, and realizes his highest earthly dreams and aspirations. The scene is laid in Portugal—the first act in the mountains of Estremadura, the second in the Chateau de Coimbra, and the third in the Royal Palace at Lisbon. The music of this opera is remarkable rather lor its elegances than for any depth of thought. In several instances the composer sacrifices his opportunities of producing noble effects in his efforts at originality; but throughout the work there are indications of his aspiring at a lofty ideal, and we think it would be difficult to point to a single number which does not contain evidences of the fertility of his creative skill. The opera is in three acts. The overture is well known, and has often been performed here in public, both on the pianoforte and by an orchestra. The principal features in the first act are a florid aiia "Si, lo son," sung by Catarini, leading up to a chorus of the Monetari falsi, in which the voice of the disguised Princess is beard in a series of runs high above the entire chorus, and terminating in an elegant cadenzi, ascending to the almost inaccessible D in alt. The second act contains one of those very elaborate airs frequently found in music written for the lyric stage, apparently for the purpose of testing tbe vocal accomplishments of the prima donna to the utmost. This is followed by a Saraban da (an antique daace), and the act closes with a quartette and a synchronal five-part chorus in which the composer has shown the advantages he had derived as a student of Cherubini in contrapuntal writing. There are many fine pieces in the last act. A cavatlna sung by the Qneen, " A te fido il cor," though not very difficult of execution, will require to be rendered with expressive taste, or it had better be omitted. The trio which follows, " Disonor di mia famiglia," for two sopranos and bass, contains several very elegant passages, which must, we think, almost inevitably waken the house to enthusiasm. The finale recalls the principal strains of the overture, and closes with a grand '«Viva bella Regina!" The choruses are in general fine Roecimens of harmony ; in one instance—that in which the money-coiners assume the disguise of monksit is in A minor. It is almost ecclesiastical in its stately solemnity, and not unlike that ef the " Miserere" of " II Trovatore." GAEMBU'S THEATRE.—Professor Pepper was honoured with a good attendance at his "ghost" seance on Tuesday evening, and the various items in the programme were well received. Not the least interesting part of the performance is the vein of quiet humour and sarcasm which runs through his descriptive lecture. This afternoon the Professor will, under tbe sanction of the Minister of Education, commence a course of three lectures on Astronomy, specially adapted for children, the subject of the lecture being " The Earth and the Moon ;" and, for the benefit of the youngsters, each lecture will conclude with a ghostly exhibition. This is the last week of the exhibition of the statue gallery, it having to be withdrawn to allow of tbe introduction of some views of Paris, including a view of the Paris Exhibition Building. NORWOOD FOOTBALL CLUB —An entertainment in aid of the funds of this club will be given in the Town Hall, Norwood, this evening. In the course of the proceedings Mr. T. A. Caterer will deliver an account of a journey to the Sorata by road. ENTERTAINMENT. — An entertainment was given in the Gilbert-street Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening in aid of the Building Fund, at which there was a very good attendance. The programme consisted of duets, songs, and recitations, whieh were well received. The following ladies and gentlemen took part in the entertainment :—Mesdames Peters, Weller, Gartrell, frd Messrs. Knax, Phillips, Shonro;k, Menz,' I\ ictche, Tauber, and Jenkins. COKCERT AT POET ADELAIDE.—A concert in aid of the Catholic Presbytery was given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday night, October 26. There was a capital program ne, carried out by Mrs. Burke, Misses Mort;s, McCreanor, O'Brien, and Parkes, and Me-?r-. W. J. McBride, C. James, Westrop, HUQ . t . O'Brien. There was a good house, and * !JH applause was general, 