THE STORY-TELLER. RALPH MONK Br Miss E. Alan Kelly. (Authoress of " Hampton Court," etc.) uhatter jl Clinging and curling with every motion of air and water current, masses of mist seemed to ride by an invisible up-brush in cloudlike form from off the river, and served to deepen the impression of vague uncertainty enveloping all things. Sway- I ing with ponderous wings, breaking clear away here and there, intermingling dream- ingly with the masses of architecture that begirt the one side of the path. Retreat ing round corners and into crevices, leaping at one bound high up on the roofs where it circles the strange varieties of chimneys with delicately granulated wreaths ; and up the blackened columnar stems of the zinc tops that smoked and nodded in company ; turning and twisting in frantic argument when the mist wound round them, as if they deplored being de prived — because stationary — of the great charm of walking-down and investigating the strange scenes enacted in the strets below, where the continuous tides of popu lation sweep up and down. These chimney tops are like things doomed to stay and stare down and glum on the companies setting forth on their daily pilgrimage : on the world of ease and labour flitting rapidly, preventing more than a glance at eaen visage ; all the strange grades of a wealthy nation dwelling beneath. The wild heart histories sliding and tottering in the midst of the mob, moaning and mur muring at their lot ; sounds that go up into a labyrinth of light-like spirits on the wing, seeming to speak again out of the cloud — of peace — far from where distress can ever wound the halycon sleeping on the wing — the human soul that hath its mansion in the earth, enslaved mortals who bear the likeness of God's hallowed image stamped 011 tlieir face. Presently the sun appeared, struggling to pierce its way through the veil of vapour that intervened. By this light the Thames appeared like a monster bronze serpent, moving with rapid yet stealthy motion in an infinity of curves, hurrying, ever hurrying on. Here the embankment — that chiselled stone bulwark of wondrous beauty and strength — s .veils up beautifully clear above the water line, leaving not one fragment of the usual river debris to mark its ebb and flow. This structure harmonizes well with the immediate surroundings ; with the ideas of the great city of London — that world in itself. Ko scene on this earth can be more magnificent, and with all its faults one cannot help loving it. There is a sublime poem on every point and spire where the sun's glittering rays tremble ; lovingly lies its light on the palatial looking edifice named after the praudprotec tor Somerset, by terraced walks and walled up arches ; lingering lower down on the Temple Gardens. Century after century has invested this spot with strange interest; groups of merry chil dren are at play within these famous precints, were once fierce mail-clad warriors, and bold barons of a gorg eous tragedy plucked the rosy red and spotless white queen of flowers as their future badge of bloody warfare. Later on, learning, wit and beauty has lent a grace to its stately libraries and halls, the sanitly Masonic church, the embowered walks, the armorial gateways, the echoing clois ters, and verdent lawns, about all still remains a whole wealth of recollections ©f the good and great. At this period the embankment was not quite finished, and though the path was strewn with sharp chips of stone and great blocks of granite, people liked to come and gaze into the water, with wholesome in stinct of wonder seeing something grand and strange in its every leap and start against the wall. Seemingly this was not a very cemfortable place to select for a walk, and naturally enough the unevenness of the path caused two persons to stumble who were sauntering along as best they might nearly opposite the Temple Gardens. To be sure the outside world itself has little or no meaning at times, the reason is obvious, fancy will wander away to track a path in the beautiful world with the dreamy outlines and the faint light. These two who were of the opposite sex were occasionally obliged to turn from contemplation of the sublime and beautiful phenomenon of ascending vapourand avoid with philosophic industry the vicissitudes which beset their path. Perhaps this was not such a very great vexation after all as it afforded the tall handsome man an opportunity for amicably taking the small hand of his gentle companion within his own ; more golden fruit was probably propagated through this apparently un favourable circumstance, Than might have been raised on a soft shot-silk grassy-green lane, belted by go wan' d banks and thickset hedges ; and sweet little birds perched 'mid the wealth of May blossoms overhead warbing like silver syrens of the highest fancy forms that human hearts can desire ; tuning every passion to love, extacy, gushing bliss and all that sort of thing which seems to be the correct course for lovers to pursue, and smacks so strongly of sheepish glances, buttercup swains, and daisy-chain maids. However, it means all the same tiling, whether on the phard city walk or the soft shady country lane, for a .beautiful spirit will change the aspect of the scene as if by a spell, as sancitity and sacredness will cling to the place where the clustered stars talks in subdued tones and pleasant memories glide like a phantom train freighted with the white robed ghosts of a time that can never come again. After a while they pause and glance out over the river at the tall shot iower and the grey lion keeping statuesque watch and ward cioseo. " I always think it is good to be here."' says the young ladyi breaking the silence of the last few minutes ; add ing " at least I always feci good here." " Always he repeated with lofty leisureliness. " It is so beautiful," still gazing athwart the gleaming water. " bo beautiful, agam repeated her com panion, letting his glance fall to the high bred face of the slender girL There was another pause in the conversa tion, and looking up she caught bis eyes fixed on her face. "It's very ill- bred to stare at people, Mr Ralph Monk," said, he, blushing. " I did not stare, I only looked— staring is impertinent. " So it is," said she going through sundry musical exercises with her fingers on the granite ledge. There is then a relapse into silence, and their eyes are bent on the creaming tracks made by the numerous little steamers that plying up and down the river. One of these steamers came very close to where Ralph Monk and the young lady stood, near enough for a gentleman on its deck to bow profoundly to the latter, whereat she coloured as she returned his salutation. The gentleman was kind and fatherly in his aspect, but certainly not in his manner of bowing to Bona Loring ; and Ralph Monk noted it with displeasure. She laughs a sunny- laugh as she meets the questioning look of his eyes in a frank, fearless sort of a way. ' c I don' t like that Mr Morton, "' he blurts forth, and straightway a sulky shoulder is turned towards the steamer which bears on board the objectionable Mr Morton, who has again bowed. 1 regret you don t seem to nice any particular friend," was the undisturbed and silvery response. " He is a ridiculous man," scoffs Ralph." The beautiful blue eyes of Bona are movedrto mirth as she returned Mr Morton's repeated bows ; but she controls herself I gravely, as she answers ;; I don't see it" 1 defiantly. "Of course not" (crossly). "No dust like gold dust. You were present at Airs Averiiks ' five o'clock' reception on Friday last ; and Air Alorton was there, I sup pose." "Yes. and I had a long talk with him ; in fact, I like him better than anyone else we meet vidi at Airs Averill's, and I should think he likes to talk to me, I am so glad, because I feel so stupid amongst all those great grand clever folks." ! " He is a rich man, a stupid one too and a veritable thunderbolt of war shot out of Ralph Alonk's laughter-loving brown eyes at the steamer that steered to the landing at Westminister stairs. Un derlying these words lurked one other feeling than hatred of Air Alorton, which at present was so virulent as to be barely within the pale of Christian charity, a feeling which will be found neither un natural nor surprising. I mean his love for Bona Loring. Bona was so dear to him — as dear as the promise of salvation. , I11 a moment he saw he had made a mis take. ! "You forget yourself," she retorted, j drawing herself up haughtily. " Poor Bona," said he, gazing at her I tenderly; " 1 daresay you do not think on this subject like me, and I bid you beware of him." " Your warnings are becoming quite awful," said she. again relapsing into good humour. " your last 'beware' was the brave and handsome Alajor Alusgrove," gingerly tapping the stony path, thereby making havoc with the thin sole of her French kid hoot. " His regiment is gone now, and he hadn't a sixpence," responds he. "But this man is too rich and too old." "Oh," laughs Bona, "the world has taught me if I don't take what the gods offer, I may run the risk of getting no one at all to talk to me." " Then talk away to that ridiculous man with all your heart and he viciously grinds his heel into the granite splinters. Bona smiles with uplifted eyes at this prompt surrender of her virginal prero gatives. Ralph frowned at the river, as if its waters had risen to an unexpected height, and attempted to obliterate some cherished character which he had inscribed on the shining sands along the margin of life's river. He could have endured the loss of anything, except Bona. Drawing forth his watch, and consulting it 011 the most practicable mauner possible (jiow easily some people can draw a check on the ghostly doubting of Faitli, and coolly re sume their legitimate business), said : "I regret I shall not be able to see you home, as the case of Blight v Lee, in which I am retained for the plaintiff", comes on for early hearing, so I must run away. " Wish me success," he added, searching her face with his keen eyes and holding her hand lingeringly as if he would have liked to say more. But time was passing, and the word that trembled on his lips remained unspoken. She wished him success in a cold calm manner, and stood watching him as he wended his way to the Temple, he never turned or made a sign. When she had watched him till he had quite gone, her eyes again sought the river. She sighed and fretted, as if there was something wrong with the planetary system ; the light of the sun had not its usual aspect. The river sighed and fretted also. Wearily the sonnet-headed wavelets rose and fell as they washed up on the granite hip which bound the river in so hard on our side. Bona could hear it murmur as it came and went. The river was insatiated in its craving, and smote her with a mortal sense of pain. A weary restless spirit seemed to dance up and down on the gleaming crest of the wavelets in the strain of coining and going, and this rythm of nature's poem stirred her heart with struggling memories that crowded thick and fast. The past of her life, which seemed so near, might even now he separated from her by a gulf wider than any ocean. Thinking thoughts that did not serve to dispel the impression of Ralph's words, she remained for a con siderable time gazing down at the water with eyes that seemed to search the future. She dreamed on till she heard the sound of footsteps approaching very near where she stood. That sound broke her dream. Broke it for ever ! With a singular struggle against a desire to move quickly away, she turned to look who was the intruder on her melancholy reverie. Despite her efforts to appear unconcerned there was an impetuous movement of surprise, a wild yearning gaze of consternation shone out of her eyes and a childish impulse to run took possession of her, but silently she restrained herself ; a sickly sceptical smile rose to her lips and she firmly stood stilL The advance of the intruder was as smooth and firm as if there was no such thing as cross purposes in life, or humanity striving to maintain a steady footing in this world. Even the spikey illnatured nobs of stone that usually made sad havoc \vrtli tiic na.KecL igcd oiiucKiess iiiLic urcmns who ventured here, seemed, in some mysterious mannex, to stand aside until the rich man had passedby. He came straight on and in another moment, Richard Mor ton stood in the place Ralph Alonk had left, and the touch of his clasping hand closed over hers with tender reverent fingers that seemed to wake her out of a trance. Bona grew white and red alternately, with eyes shy and downcast. The great bell of St. Paul's now rang out the hour. Boom ! Boom ! it bayed like the sound of halls issuing from the mouth of a mowing cannon ; and the echo of the dying hour melted away on the air as a failing light flickers, then goes out for ever. To be Continued. 5 