THE CONVERSION OF CHILDREN. The subject of this article is ©ne which has interest alike for Christian ministers, Christian teachers, and Christian parents; it is also a matter which has not hitherto met with the attention which it has deserved. There has existed a prejudice on the part of the Christian Church against the early conversion of children. The notion is wide-spread that no effort should be made to bring children to a decision until they reach the age of 14 or lo, and that religious decision must not be expected before that period of life. The consequences are that, expecting little, little is received. Those of our young people who do become decided characters do not do so until on the verge of manhood and womanhood, and only too many of them never become decided characters at all; while we have been neglecting our work Satan has been surely doing his, and the minds of the young have received a fatal determination towards evil, from which they never recover. The question of the conversion of children has of late engaged the attention of many earnest men, and enquiries have been made and statistics collected which show the most lamentable neglect on the part of parents and churches. In the majority of Christian Churches the proportion of young people amongst the members is very small, and in very few indeed are there any child members. The statistics collected annually by the Sunday-school Union show that the percentage of conversions amongst the scholars is altogether out of proportion to the machinery employed and the efforts put forth. It is discouraging to find the results so small in the most hopeful field for Christian effort. What can be the reason 1 . "We think it may be because we do not aim with sufficient directness at the conversion of children. The rifleman who fires at random will not be likely to make bullseyes or centres, so the Christian worker who does not aitn at the conversion of the children will not be likely to effect it. Let us briefly note a few reasons which may tend to encourage and direct those who are laboring amongst the young in their efforts. It will not be denied that the conversion of children is needful. The second birth is just as needful in their case as in that of adults. The children of Christian parents are not for that reason necessarily Christians. " That which is born of the flesh is flesh." Natural birth introduces us only into a natural earthly life; before the youngest can enjoy spiritual life a personal appropriation of Christ is necessary. At the same time, in the case of little children, we must not expect the same complete revolution of character which accompanies the conversion of those in older life. There are many analogies in nature which suggest the wisdom of seeking the conversion of little children. It is easy to divert the course of a stream near its source. The gardener begins to train the tree while it is but a sapling, and the potter to mould the clay while it is soft and plastic, and it would seem to be our wisdom to begin to mould the religious character of children in infancy. The Scriptures indicate that children may very early become Christians. Christ said, " Suffer the little children to come unto Me," and again, " Whoso shall offend one of these little ones which believe in Me." The Apostle John in his epistles addresses himself to " little children." These passages teach that children of tender years may be believers and chureh members. " Train up a child in the way he should go, and when he is old he will not depart from it," says the wise man, indicating that religious character formed in childhood becomes permanent. Samuel ministered unto the Lord, being a child. John the Baptist was filled with the Holy Ghost from his birth. From a child Timothy knew the Scriptures. The history of the Church furnishes us with many examples of child-conversion. President Edwards wrote an account of the conversion of Phoebe Bartlett at the age of two years. This convert ever after maintained a consistent profession, became the wife of a Christian minister, and died triumphantly at the age of seventy. Richard Baxter, that distinguished minister and writer, was the subject of religion in his earliest years, and declared himself unable to remember the time when he did not love Christ. Such examples might be multiplied indefinitely. To all who wish for extended information on this joct we commend a little book on the conion of children, by the Rev. E. P. Hamiond, who has laboured for thirty years as an evangelist to the young. Surely the facts which have been adduced should encourage us to labor for the conversion of the children. The hope of the Church, it seems to us, is in the young. The work of their salvation demands the best efforts of the Church. The means to be employed are just the same as those prescribed for the conversion of the world: the Gospel—the story of Jesus, of His wondrous life, of his agony and cruel death. This story told from hearts that have felt its power has never failed to move the children and draw out their young affections to the Saviour ; let us then tell the children the story of Christ, Bhowing how He suffered for them and what His claims upon them are, trusting to the Divine Spirit to work in their hearts saving faith and to transform them into new creatures in Christ Jesus. There are other aspects of this question to which we may at some future time revert. 