CARDINAL NEWMAN ON ENGLAND AND THE ROMAN CATHOLICS [SATOEDAT BEVIEW.] Birmingham, which, less than a century ago, at the time of ' Church and King ' riots, was known as a stronghold of Toryism and of the Established Church, lias been no less conspicu ous of Into years as a centre of Liberalism and Dissent. ? Bnt it has not been one-sided in its xuit^iuua uucxuuauit jluu jl\uuiuu t^uuiuuua have for many years held an influential posi tion there, and a custom grew up among them between twenty and thirty years ago of hold ing an annual meeting at the Town Hall, when Borne distinguished personage, clerical or lay, is asked to preside and deliver a public ad dress. This year they not unnaturally re-; quested Cardinal Newman to occupy the chair, and he accordingly addressed them last Tues day eveniug, taking for his subject the change in the general feeling of tho country towards Roman Catholics which has occurred during the last thirty years. The choice of the sub ject was eminently characteristic of the man. No reader of the Apologia — to say nothing of his earlier works— can be unaware that Car dinal Newman, like most men of geniuSj has always shown himself very sensitive to tho opinion of his fellows. It was evidently a keen distress to him personally, over and above what ho felt as an insult to his religion, when, amid the frenzy of thr Papal Aggression scare, a Bpeaker in the House of Commons gravely deocribed what were in fact the cellars of the Birmingham Oratory as 'underground dun geons from which no Bhrieks could be heard,' or when, as he now tells ns, in a village he know of, 'it was prophesied that, if tho Papists got the npper hand, the streets would flow with blood.' Nor can any one reason ably blame him for smarting under the mis judgments and appreciating the sympathy of his countrymen. It is no less foolish and wrong to ignore public opinion than slavishly to defer to it, and it is perfectly true that ' the good opinion of others — their respect, their good wishes thoir sympathy, then- kind ness — is a very great pleasure, a very great gain.' Cardinal Newman may thereforo par donably dwell with satisfaction on tho contrast between the sort of welcome accorded to Cardinal Wiseman by Englishmen in 1S50. which however was partly tho Cardi nal's own fault, and — as he modestly phrases it — ' their conduct towards us now.' He was no doubt thinking, though he does not expressly say bo, of tho very different recep tion given to himself hist year when he re turned from Rome with the same scarlet mantle on his shonlders ; and indeed he does speak warmly of ' the abounding marks of good will' he has of late years now and again recently received from his countrymen. Their respect for bun will not bo lessened by know ing now sincerely ne values it, tuougn ins 1110 bears witness that it weighs but as dust in tho balance when any question of conscientious conviction is at stake. But the main purport of this address ia to indicate the causes which have led to so marked a change in tho tone of public sentiment, not towards himself per sonally, bnt towards the Roman Catholic body generally, and he specifies three leading reasonB for tho happier relations which now prevail between followers of the rival creeds. There is first of course the psychological law of reaction which, especially when 'a kind hearted people like Englishmen havo gone raaJ,' would make the violence of act and word displayed at the time of tho Pupal Aggression eventually turn against itself, ' and then a generous feeling would come over them that perhaps they had been too hard upon ub.': But closely connected with this there was a second reason for tho chango in the discovery 'that ' their alarm somehow had been unnecessary,' and that the measures to which it had given riso were useless as well as unjust. The act of Parliament, passed iu hasto and repealed at leisure, was vexatious and offensive to thoso at whom it was aimed, but it could havo no practical effect without proceeding to direct persecution, and of that there was no idea. But the third and most important reason, to which tho Cardinal devotes a considerable portion of his address, is of a more positive land. There was, ho says, ' a great misunderstanding,' which has been removed partly from the very conse quence which was then anticipated and dreaded having actually followed, that is, from tho numerous conversions which havo since taken place But here the Cardinal must allow us to interpose a remark. There had been, mainly through tho influence of his own example and writings, a great many conversions to the Church of Rome before or during the time of tho Papal Aggression excitement, more weighty, if not more numerous, than any which have occurred since. And we cannot but think that the' converts themselves were partly bo blame for the misunderstandings to which the Cardinal refers. 'Of course,' he observes, in reference to a prevalent misinterpretation put by Protestants on tho creation of the new hierarchy, ' it would be very absurd in us, and, I may say, very wicked, if. we said that this was a heathen country, and needed conversion as a Jieathen country needs it.' But Protes tants might be excused for taking those who did Bay so at their word. The movement we com mented on the other day for getting the Eliza bethan martyrs canonised is notoriously of convert origin, and is looked coldly on by old English Roman Catholics, and a question addressed by one of the not least distinguished of the early Tractarian converts to an Anglican friend — ' When do you moan to become a Christian !'— represents fairly enough the tone of language, if not of sentiment, too commonly adopted among them at that time. Another prominent convert — who ten years ago sig nalised himself by modestly advising the Vatican Council (which he believed to be guided by the Holy Ghost). in the' name of tho whole body of English converts (who had never commissioned him to speak for them, and whoso great leader notoriously disagreed with him) to define Papal infallibility — quietly states in a work recently published that since the Reformation tho English people ' have sunk in religion back to the state of savages.' Cardinal Newman's language is of course of another kind. 'There is a widespread knowledge of Christianity among us (Englishmen), a love of the main truths, a zeal in then- behalf, and an admirable prodigality, as I may call it, of contributions in ' furthering them.' He adds. indfiftd. t-m.t thin in nnt-. in consistent with holding that 'they only know half the Gospel,' and wishing by all fair and honest means to bring them to a knowledge of the rest ; on which we might perhaps observe that those who have a love and zeal for ' the main truths' must Burely know something more than half the Gospel. The Cardinal^ point, however, in which ha is no doubt sub stantially right, is that the better understand ing which has come. about between Reman Catholics and Protestants is largely due to the two parties becoming better acquainted with each other. As he puts it, ' the Catholics in England 50 years ago were an almost unknown Beet amongst us,' whereas now, partly through the number of converts, partly through, the in lux from Ireland, such an interpenctration has taken placo as could not fail1 to dissolve inany prejudices and misconceptions bred from mere ignorance. 'Protestants have found them to be men whom they could bo drawn , to like and* to love quite as much as their fellow-Protestants — human beings in ivliom thoy could be interested and symyathise with, and interchange good offices with, before tho question, of religion come into considera tion' ;' and hence by a natural process 'that Guy FawkesorDuke of Alva sort of Papist, who hitherto stood in their minds for the nor mal representative of a Roman Catholic,' has gradually passed into oblivion. We note with pleasure thi3 contemptuous disclaimer of sym pathy with persecution in the past. The Car dinal goes on to say that this'improved mutual understanding has come about not only by closer personal intercourse, but also by a know ledge in most cases ' not personal and experi mental, but public,' derived from occasional witnesses, or through the periodical press. And he specially, and we think not unjustly, instances the kind of influence exerted in this way by Pius IX. over English opinion in dispelling the conventional idea of a Pope as ' all that is bad' ; and that in spite of there being a great deal in his acts and policy peculiarly distasteful to Englishmen. Something was due no doubt to misfortunes, which were sure to appeal to their generous sympathies, but more, the Cardinal thinks, to the 'series of tableaux' brought before them in the reports of his reception of visitors at tho Vatican. ' Tho main canao of his popularity wob the magic of his presence, tho graceful intermingling in him of tho humau and the divine, the humor, the wit, the play fulness with which he tempered his reverity, his naturalness, and then his tine eloquence (?) and the resources ho had at command for meeting with appropriate words tho circum stances of the moment overcame thoso who were least likely to be overcome.' And he proceeds to recount how a Protestant friend of his own, ' a man of practised intellect and mature mind,' was niored to tears by a dis course of his Holiness at one of these recep tions. There is much forco in this, for there is a sense in which it is quite true to say that Pius IX. was popular in England, and it is generous of Cardinal Nevyinan to dwell upou it, for tho late Pope certainly showed no great affection for him. But his hearers were evi dently intended to draw the moral of this eulogy partly from the remark which follows that, notwithstanding tho persuasive manner in which Pius preached our holy religion, ' wo have not lost by his being taken away,' inas much as ' in his successor I recognise o depth, of titouyht, a tenderness of heart, a winniug simplicity, a 'power answering to hit name, which keep me from lamenting that Pope Pius is no longer here.' The words we havo ven tured to italicise indicate qualities ill which everybody must discern, without being expressly told so, a marked contrast between the late and tho present Pone. Cardinal Newman concludes by observing that, while he rejoices in tho increased friend liness of his countrymen towards Roman Catholics, he sees no sign of their being more friendly to tho Roman Catholio religion, and it seems to him questionable whether a coun try cm long continue ' iu the unnatural posi tion of thinking ill of a religion and thinking well of believers in it.' Ono might expect that cither disliko of their creed would create dislike of its adherents, or goodwill towards them would issue in' goodwill towards their creed. 'How this problom will bo solved,' aro his closing words, 'is one of the secrets of tho future.'' Tho phenomenon thu3 empha sised ib unquestionably a remarkable one, the moro ao when we bear in mind the fact pre viously pointed out by the lecturer, that ' the maintruthB' of the Roman Catholic religion are hold iu common with them by Englis Christiana who aro not Roman Catholics. And it could hardly fail to occur to a lass ' acute observer aud reasoner than Cardinal Newman that there must bo some reason for ' this persistent diBtrust of a religion whoso professors have ceased to bo looked upon with suspicion or dislike by those who after all hold the some leading doctrines themselves. Thero must surely be something, if not in the creed itself, in the existing method of presenting' and enforcing it, to account for this seeming 1. porversity, Tho question is too wide a ona tq enter upon iu detail here, but two observations suggested by passages in the address before us ! may fitly close our comments upon it. Cardi nal Newman says of Pius IX., without ex pressing either approval or disapproval of hia own, but as what could not fail to damage hia popularity in England, ' He claimed, he ex1 ercised Parger powers than any other Pope ever did ; lie committed himself to ecclesias tical acts bolder than those of any other Pope.' When wo think of the Hildebrauds, tho Innocents, and the Bonifaces of mediaeval history, this language sounds very etroug in deed, and it was evidentiy intended to be strong. But how did Cardinal Newman him- :? self describe the ' largest' and ' boldest,' as well as tlie most important and far-reaching of these acts of autocratic power of Phis IX. Bhortly before it was consummated ? He spoke of it in a letter to his own bishop as like ' thunder in the clearest sky ;' as a decision which ' may be most difficult to main- ; tain logically in the face of historical facts,' and which was being extorted by 'an aggressivo, insolent faction ;' which was lead- ? ing ' some of the truest minds to give up theology as a had, job;' aud which, if it was . carried through — as it was three or four months . afterwards — would prove that ' it is God's will to throw back ' the tunes and moments' of that triuniuh which he has destined for Hiu King- . dom.' We might quote a good deal more to . the same effect, but this is enough. Can the Cardinal wonder that an act of which ho could thus speak himself in its bearings on Ms own communion should tend, in itself and its con sequences, to increase and perpetuate distrust among those without its pale? Onco more, he has himself reminded us that Potestsini England is not a heathen country, but has a widespread knowledge of Christianity, and a zeal and love for the main truths of revelation, Let us turn to a country which by name and antecedents alike— for its sovereigns hav( borne for centuries the title of ' Catholic'— may be considered the native home and strong, hold of Catholicism in I113 own sense of the word, a country whose whole history and national traditions for above a thousand years may he Baid to have ingrained . Catholicism into the hearts' blood oi its. peoplo more deeply even than the history ' f.llo lfisf: 5tfln irnjiru lma ii»m*fii«n#l 'Pi-«l.«a^nn_ tism into the blood of Englishmen. What ia the testimony of a recent traveller, who spent many months in various parts of Spain and . tjok pains to familiarise himself with all classes : of the inhabitants, and who writes in no.spirit of narrow Protestant intolerance, as to the .. religious knowledge and faith prevalent there, whore the Church of Rome has had . her; own way for centuries without rival or. opponent? Those who havq read Mr. Rose's ' Untrodden Spain will remember that he feels constrained to tell us— ' not in a spirit of mockery or triumph but of deepregret — asadandconsiBtenttaleof religious ignorance and ' the decay of religious faith' in all classes alike, which is but too aptly summed : up.in tho answer given him by a Spanish boat* man when asked why he did not go to church^ ' lly religion has broken down,' And we. havo heard his testimony entirely corroborate^ by Roman Catnolic witnesses. Does not thia inevitably suggest that there must be BomeK thing wrong, we do not say in the theogicil creed — for with that matter this ie not the [ place to deal — but at least in the practical ; teaching and working of a religion which, unV der circumstances exceptionally favorable, has produced results so little satisfactory ? Why do Spaniards who know, or ought to know; ' the whole Gospel' exhibit bo much less ZC^L and love for it than Englishmen who ' know only half ? 