' ADJOURNMENT OF PARLIAMENT.—On the 24-h instant the House n ill adjourn till the 31st,- for the Easter holidays. i GBAIN GRO^-I TG IS ACSTRALIA.—AS allowing the vital necessity not only for .conserving, but for promoting the interests of Colonial cereal growers, the following remarks, cliped from thte New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company's Circular, of 29th J auuary, will be read with interest, condensing, as it does, in precis shape; the! whole fact of the posiiii n. Comparing the situation of English and American growers, the v. >iter lemarks:—"A tenant farmer (in England)] giving £2 per acre for his a r able land, pays every year in rent as muck ss the American freeholder pays for the fee simple of his farm, while, in addition, he is burdened with the constantly recurring expenses of improving and fertilising tlie soil from which his American rival is. with the vast area at command, almost wholly free. It is true that much | of the land henceforward to be devoted to wheat-growing in the United States lies' 'far hick from the! coast, and that its carriage to the shipping ports i is consequently a costly oiatter; but this is only temporary, and in a few years the railway systems now in operation and in contemplation will probably have made cheap transports of grain a fact throughout the States. Looking at the matter |in this light it is impossible to doubt bat that for years lo come America must and will be the leading contributor of cereal produce to the English markets, and to such markets of the Continent as maly stand in need of additional supplies. This being the case, her wheats come into competition not only with those grown here, butquite as strongly and directly with those shipped to this centre from Australia and New Zealand. Having regard to thjs, it is manifest tliatthe colonial farmer must look upon the American wheat- growers as his most formidable rivals, with an almost unlimited tract of country to work in, and with the energy and determination to work it; that every year larger and larger breadths of land will be sown, and produce larger and larger crops ; and that every year the cost of growth land transit will in all probability decrease. Ifo keep pace with this increase <jf production and idiminution of cost—or, in other words, with the lower Iaid down value of the wheat in European marltuts —is a task to which colonial farmers must vigorously address themselves if they would hold their own in time to come ' GREAT COBAR COPPER MINK.—The ! Central Australian reports;—Tlie quantity of ore jat grass on June 29 was 2,947- tons.. Durimr the half-year 10,442 tons of ore were raised ; 7005, tons were smelted, producing equal toH015 tons of fine copper; leaving 6,384 tons of ore at grass on January 10th, 1880. During the half-year 465£ tons of copper were shipped to London under advauce ;-275J tons were sold in Sydney : leaving 435 tons in transit to Orange ; 24 tons in Sydney ; and equal to 28G tons on the mine. The underground operations have revealed enormous quantities of good class ores. j THE business of Messrs. dough-and Co. has been purchased by the Australian Pastoral and Agricultural Company, limited, for a moderate sum,, payable out of the profits only, during the next three years. The short-dated advances and plant of the firm jare to be taken at a valuation, to be arbitrated between the directors on behalf of the shareholders and Jlessrs. Clough and Co. The proposed company has for its object the making of cash- advances on wool, grain, and other »tation or agricultural produce consigned to the company,, for sale in Melbourne, London, j or else- where. MR: BUCHANAN AFI AIM.—The irrepressible David has jjist given the quietus to his Honor, Sir, William Manning, the judicial fossil who presided I over the Shepherd-Dibbs case. Mr Buchanan was accused hy plaintiff of conversing with witnes, and retorted : by calling Shepherd "a mean scoundrel for followinu his coat tails."' His Honor Sir William (Manning then interfered and said, "I believe you hrve done no good to. yourself, Mr Buchanan. 1 liave been a member of the. Bar since 1832, andi I never spoke " to- witnesses except in the presence of aolicirors.'" To this Mr. Bcbcanat; j replied, " Perhaps-tiiafcmay account for your Honor's want of sucoess- at the Bar." ; Sir William co Iiidzpendmt/.. | A GENUBKMLWEY. ADVOCATE;—During the hearing of a cattle- stealing caseat the recent ©eneral Sessions- at Asrmidale,. Mr. Dillon in addressing the jjisy;.grossly insulted the Nundle police force,, andi remarked' that if! all the squatters were-prosecutBdlfbnhaving; stolen cattle in their possession;. three-f&unthi;-ofthejm would be in Darlinghurst g»oV.. MJr.O'Contior, in. reply, protested against Mir. DlUon^-unrrarrQiitable attack on the poltae^.w-ilicb he'eharRcterised; ae cowardly, and said that without; hl9 wig: and! gown he would-not dare-to>say-it'outsitlti: Mh\ Billon remarked^ that he- would',, and'more-topj His Honor (Judge Meymott): in summing.' -jp^, said, that with regard'to the police; none! afere;.on-, the pain of instant dismissal; threaten-a witness;. a9 suggested by Mr. Dillon,, whose attack-on thepolice was most unwarrantable, besides being; vulgar and reflecting, no credit on Air. Dillon's" character. In another case,, in which. Mr.. " Fascination " Dillon appeared for the defence,, in speaking of Grown prosecutors- generally.,, becompared them to- bloodhounds,, always eager for convictions to raise themselves in the opinionof the Attorney-General;; words which Mr. O'Connor stigmatized as blackguardly, and non« but a blackguard would use them. THE IRISH FAMISH.—Prom, the Californian mail news we make the following extract:—The daily arid hourly cry of- distress in Ireland become! more and more urgent and widespread. Every day reveals new horrors 1 in the catalogue of suffering. The outlook for the cominir months is gloomier than any prediction has yet painted. No language can describe the appalling privations, the utter destitution, wtich'prevail. It is impossible to overdraw the situation, so rapidly do matters become worse. What might have been an exaggeration veste -day may to-morrow be an underestimate. 300,0)0 people are slowly starving, and can only be l ept alive by superhuman efforts on the part of th :ir fellow creatures. Some of them are living on one meal of turnips or of meal daily;: thousands more are consuming their last potatoes. Local efforts are becoming feeble. In Clonmei on the 3 d a large number of unemployed people made J, demonstration demanding " work or bread." Mr Parnell' s abuse of the Mansion-house Committee astonishes and distresses his friends, many of whom are members of the local committees. The Lord Mayor of Dublin writes to l he effect that the English people Jail to realise the gravity of the Irish crisis, and that except prornpt assistance be forthcoming tens of thousands of Irish people mu9t surely die of starvation. He complains that England has contributed less to the Mansion-house Fund than Melboure. A large body of tenantry in the town of : AthenV, headed by Father M'Whillim, beat off a numbfer of process-servers who were under the prote:tion of a small detachment of constables.! Relief measures have already had a beneficial effect, and a more hopeful spirit is growing among the people. THE San Francisco Weekly Bulletin gives an account of an article which seemed to b s a closedup Chinese fan, but was discovered to be a disguised scabbard, containing a dangerous knife, more murderous looking than a bowie-k life, being about seven inches long and an inch in width, tapering to a sharp point at the end. About four iuches of the supposed fan forms the hilt or handle, and the other nine inches forms the scabbard, with a hole in the handle to pass through a cord or ribbon for suspending it from the neck, as a useful ornament as well as a deadly weapon. According to the Ovens and Murray Advertiser, 31r. E. R Jenkyns, of Beechworth, has in his possession a " fan " similar to the one described above, and it would prove a dangerous weapon in thk hands of an assassin. A BTBANGB story reaches the Bendigo Independent from the Sheepwash.; A fe v evenings since four woodcarters were : returning from Sandhurst to their homes at the Sheepw ash. The night was clear, the moon being bright in the heavens. When they reached the Junction Hotel they turned off on a bush track, and travelled along for a short distance. Suddenly they saw aj jproaching them a figure of a headless female draped in white and gliding slongi apparently without any exertion. Each woo'Icapfcer was riding in his own dray. They gazed with j fascinated hoi ror on the spectacle, none of them able to speak. A curiosity about this strange affair |is that the me i say that directly it passed the waggon it becanv; -invisible to thue sitting in the other cart. Thus t appeared to each woodcarter, one after the other. Although dressedin white, there appeared to be a yellowish hne surrounding the figure. For four nights in snsoession the ghost (or whatever it was) was seen, and the woodcarters became at last so i fraid that when they are now going home with the ^mpty drays they all ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, few people would place any credence in i|t, but when h ilf-a-doztn men emphatically relate the same story, it becomes mystifying. A party of Ijfoung men have, however, arranged to "pot" the ghost when next it appears. If any foolish individual is playing a triisk, he'may receive' '.an unpleasant surprise in the; shape of a charge of fhot. j MUBDER BY ScHpOL GEBXS Cincinnati December, 1879.-4-A h from —^ Hagisrstown, Ind., stales that a mui der which occurced near the country schoolhou se between Centreyille and Williamsburg two w eeks since has just, come to light. Two school girls, about :15 years old, (daughters o' wealthy parents, were expelled from the school for bad treatment of a schoolmate of the same age, named Mifii Katea. While tlie latter was ou her way homp after schoc 1 . Aey assaulted her, one knockingjlier down -with a base ball bnt, and the otheri.jumping on her and breaking four of her rihsj Miss Kates managed to crawl i a short distance to her home, and died soon alter communicating the facts: to her mother. According to report tlie parents of theafisailantswentto the murdered girl'smother and persuaded her by a bribe of 3000 dollars to keep the affair secret. The facts, however, leaked out through school children vho witnessed the assault, and have created much excitement. ! llapsed. Judgment, for " Davtie " and no appeal.,|-Mudgee 