The City and Suburbs. [bt oub peripatetic.] Mr. Matthew Burnett baa now fairly entered upon hit philanthropic work, having heW bis first service in Piiie street | Wesieyan Church on Sunday s£ranight, _ in the presence of an exceedingly large audience. The sermon was not able; the preacher's reasoning was anything but profound ; nor were bis arguments always logical. His voice at fi.'ft was husky, and for him to speak at all seemed very laborious ; but as be warmed to his work tbt. indistinctness melted away, and the wor.;s came deliberately and with emphasis. Some of the affecting passages, such for instance as the desciption of Dr. Dare'B life and death, where the preacher seemed to throw his whole soul into his subject—were almost eloquent in a rhetorical sense, and certainly in a general one. The earnestness of the man is,-however, his great feature—all his bearers of all shades of religious opinion, are impressed with this characteristic at Once, and I have heard even Roman Catholics remark it. That Mr. Burnett possesses the suaviter in mpdo is proved by the facts that even the secular press advertise him gratuitously to a greater extent than otherwise, and say many kindly things concerning his work; and that be is welcomed with eqnal warmth by people of every evangelical sect. Last (Sunday) night he adcres-ed a number of fallen women and others, in Light-square, near that hotbed of vice, the shamrock. Alas! poor soiled doves: ye have few helpers like Matthew Burnett. There was a number of penitents at the subsequent serviee in Pirie-street. As an aside: and parenthetically : would their High Mightinesses the pew openers and pew-closers cf Piiie-slreet condescend to grant to ordinary mortals at least a rudimentary sample of civility 7 There is one in particular, w ho, whilst bobbing to and fco, obsequiously attending the richly-appareled stranger, lets the poor-lookifig and the meanly-clad find a seat as best they maj. Others of them, it is but just to add, treat both clashes alike; but still in one or two cases a reprimand id needed. By the way. Mr. Burnett, I think, is the only preacher whom I have heard -ff t up a petition for the Press. *-0 Lord," said he on Sunday night, " bless the religious and secular press ; editors, printers, and al! con. npcted with it." That praye«- was needed. Editors need all the prayers that can be offered on their behalf, as well as a great deal of faith on the part of the suppliant. As for printers watch your comoositots as they " set" whnt your news-overseer calls my " undecipherable 'copy 1*" The mention of the Piess reminds me that the editors of the Methodist Journal and the Register have couched their magnumbonums and gone in for a thorough ti t at each other. The Journal threw down the gage in a political-cam-financial leader, and the Thunderer took it up with alacrity. The one seems satisfied with tne utter innocence of political kooA-ledge on the part of the masses; the other thinks that the people should be a little >ess unsophisticated in that i articular. The first is so hsavy and pro'ix as usual; and its big oponent seems to have lost a wee bit of its accustomed coolness. Because the J umal adopts Charity" as its motto, the Register seems to expect that quality to be interwoven with its literary web. As though any editorreligious or secnl&i;—-was ever charitable to an opponent! e Mem • The Christian Colonist seems to have cut a good ceal of the ground from under the feet of its just mentioned religious contemporary. You ree ft or its advertisements wherever you turn. There teems to S be more " go' in its c- nduct, and less of conventionalism—I won't say cant—in its liteiary composition. One more Press mem. and I'll turn to something else. The Gawler Bnnyip and its juvenile'but more vigorous contemporary, the Standard, are at cross-purpose* ; and thus far the latter has the bet.ter of the dispute. Th.i Bunyip. let me add, has been publishing a series of attacks upon the Christian religion, avowedly written, I believe, by a Portonian and accepted as original by the editor. . . . Will that gentleman turn over thn files of the Two Worlds, a weekly spiritualistic-cum.freeth 'Ught paper, once published at Maryborough, Victoria. On Saturdav t^e volunteers performed sundry manoeuvres on the slope of Montefiure Qili, and your Peripatetic bent- bis -teps thitherward to hold an unofficial review. The first impression was surprise at the large muster, and the second an inquisitive yearning to know what all the officers on roadsters found to do. This problem was solved. There were seven mounted officers, I think ; and the du'y of f .ur of them seemed to be to gallop up to the drill-master, in terrupt him when he was giving orders, and throw all the, till then, fairly creditable evolutions into dinorder. In th; interval they reclined, for the most part, in their saddles—one hand on their steed-** cruppers, and the other stroking their moustaches or grasping their swords. Of ttie otoer three, one remained phlegmatically lo^kins on at tl>e ratik-.tud-file seemingly indifferent alike to them and all other sublunary considerations, and the other two we<e actively engaged in—watching him. When the men deployed alone the flat in skirimishing order there was nothing to find fault with; the shooting, too was done with perfect regularity. The bayonet-charge was not a success; there was lacking the simultaniety of motion which characterises the drill of even the Mod«l ^ch-iolboy* in Melbourne. When drawn-up in line the effect was ^s like the base of a triangle than a semi-circle. These defects, were perhaps chargeable to the raw recruit^, of which, I understand, there were many. As a whoir, the "standing army'* of South Australia is in quite as good a condition as it might be expected to be I There is a great deal of discussion respecting the Church-parades which are held occasionally. The men muster at theii ground, march to the Anglican Cathedral to attend service, and thence back again to the startioiz-point, when they are dismissed. The objectors ur^e that military disp ay is not conducive to devotion, and that, if it were, the effect of invariable attendance at the j Anglican Church at these parades has a tendency to raise at anyrate the shadow of the ghost of that troublesome bugbear, disestablishment. The fact that the parades .ire purely voluntary disposes of the latter objection, but the foimer has some show of reason. Personally I do not hold with much of the cant in the use of which extreme Sabbatarians are so lavi-h. but, as the parade is but a silly dispiay, and can be pro. d.ictive of no earthly good, the sooner it is discontinued the better. If the volunteers would only go home and divest themselves of their uniform as soon as they are dismins-! ed, there would not be ground for much objtictiun, but they may be seen strolling a'on^ in their regimentals hour* after the servica has concluded. Aud so on Satnrday nights, Indeed, I verily beiieve that tbe red- coat I and helmet are far more potent in maintaining the numerical strength of the force than all the patriotic feeling that the vari oua companies can muster. Turning from military manoiuvring to a Tournament of Chessmen. I may mention that it is probable the Port Adelaide Chess Club, which recently visited and conquered Thornber, Fuss and their colleagues, will soon challenge a combined team from the Peninsula to play a series of matches at the Port. The Port possesses a Second Ad ventist quite as enthusiastic; and scarcely less able than ; the founder of the « Millerites" who alarme 1 numerous old ladies of both sexes in 1854. His name is Bamber ; his crced fiat of the Particular Baptists ; his place of worship the Oddfellows' Hall. Last n : ght, continuing a series of sermons upon the second coming of Christ, a la Mr. Price, he discoursed upon Paradise regained ; or the new heavens and the new earth." Pastor Bamber doesn't look commanding in the pulpit: he has a small head (wfth 8ffiall features) on a small body, with a voice of small volume to match j in fact, he is a perfeet specimen of a thoroughly earnest, sincere Christian minister made to a small measure. He began to preach at sixteen years of age, without much special educa- 1 tion and minus polish. Hende he is somesimes slightly ungrammatical, and occasion- : ally maltreats tiie Queen's English. By a ! provincialism for which he is perhaps not'' blameable *' draw" is transformed into "droe;" "thought" resolves itself into "thote;" ami "new heaven and earth," sounds suspiciously )ike'*noo evvings an! hurth." Bat he is earnest; he is good; self-denying, self-sacrificing, beloved by his people, respected by all. and by none more so than by this deponent. Well : a werd or two as to his teachings.) Summing up the whole of his arguments, contentions, and assertions in reportorial fashion, he may be said to believe that soon before your next issue, or any night, as he puts it the Lord will come to take bis , pecple under his immediate care; to bind j the devil for a thousand years and then de- ! stroy him ; to burn up sinners, and gradually to transform the earth inte a state of ; milennial glory, which would come immediately after the end of the world, or the Day of Judgment. We read of the heavens melting with fervent heat, and the earth being burnt up. That meaus that tne e =rth will be purified by fire: all noxious plants and all weeds will be destroyed, together with all evil. As for the heavens (the firmament, not the final hope of the saints) : there will be a pare atmosphere, no fogs, no storms, no noxious effluvia, and consequently no disease. The beasts will be changed, and restored to their ante-Fall purity and \ goodness. Said the Pastor, " When a boy I used to say— > ' Let dogs delight to bark and bite: The Lord hath made them so'— hut my old grandmother used to say 'Dr. Watts is wrong there: dogs weren't made to bark and bite : they only did that after the fall.' " In short, that dogs were &II; dumb, cats never guilty of disturbing the nightvigils of old Adam and his wife, lions ate nothing more toothsome than straw and, loathing sanginary draughts imbibed nothing stronger than water; and so with all the rest of the brute creation. The Bible, it seems, tells u that the {lew Adam (Christ) will restore all things that existed in the arliest days oi the Old Adam that, in brief, man will be holy, the beasts will be holy, Chriit will be their King in a temporal as in a higher sense, the devii and all sinners will be non est, and a*l the living will be healthy and wealthy an^ ^appy, and will urvive lor aye. All ton proved,^to the preacher's satisfaction, at any late, from scripture; and the first act w the great soene < may begin to-morrow. 4 An unbeliever says he doesn't consider the Pastor realiy holds the opinions he utters, and points out that the Chuich over which he presides. less than a month ago purchased a Smith-American organ; aud—' Would tl»ey have done that if they expected to have no use f»r it a few weeks hence ?" I leave the demurrer to the attestor; personally I know nothing about the matter, but that Mr. Bamber is thoroughly in earnest, and perfectly sincere. 