IO ROCKHAMPTON. FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1SS0. LATE telegrams show that the relations between Russia and China are greatly strained and war is imminent. The mis- understanding lias arisen in reference to the treaty lately concluded between those Powers regarding Kuldja, a Chinese province on the western frontier of that empire. Some years ago Russia occu- pied the Kuldja district by a military force on the pretext that such occupation had become necessary in the interests of order . and good government and to protect Russian trades. Quiet possession was maintained for a considerable length of time, and it was doubtless taken for granted by the Russian authorities that annexation would follow in due course. But the revival of military prowess in China rudely disturbed this little arrangement, , and the Chinese, flushed with success in Central Asia, called upon.tbe, .Russians to evacuate Kuldja1'arid allow it to revert to its rightful owners. This the Russians at first refused to do, but finding the Chinese determined, and fearing to enter upon a costly war of which the issue might be : doubtful, the matter was quietly arranged by diplomacy. A treaty wás agreed to by which Russia undertook to retire from the province and China engaged to pay a large sum . of money as. an indemnity for the losses sustained by Russian subjects and the expenditure incurred by the Russian Government in putting down anarchy arid establishing security to life and property. This treaty, it now transpires, is extremely unpopular with the dominant party at Pekin, and Chung How, througfr'wirose instrumentality it was concluded, has recently been impeached and beheaded by the Chinese authorities, presumably for hi's action in this business. Whether this exalted official really betrayed his country by making a disadvantageous bargain without explicit instructions from Pekin, or whether he has been made a scape goat for the blundering of his Go- vernment, is not yet known. But his impeachment and execution seem plainly to intimate that the Chinese Govern- ment intend to disavow the treaty, on the ground of its having been made without Imperial sanction. Accordingly we learn that the Chinese have been strengthening their defences and making extensive military and naval preparations, primarily with a view to oppose the demands of Russia, and secondarily, to resist the encroachments of foreigners generally. But Russia cannot afford to be treated in this independent fashion by an Asiatic Power which has hitherto proved itself unable to cope with Europeans in modern warfare ; and so we hear that Russia is rapidly strengthening her posi- tion in the Pacific by dispatching thither munitions and ships of war. Négocia- tions have also been opened with Japan, which has for some time past been en- gaged in'hostilities against China, and it is not unlikely that an offensive and defensive alliance between Russia and Japan will shortly be announced. All these movements lead to the con ! elusion that an early war between Russia and China is extremely probable, and Great Britain and her Colonies are deeply concerned in thc issue. The internal troubles of Russia are calcu- lated to drive the Russian Govern- ment to desperation, and a foreign war, though involving a large expen- diture and risk, would probably be courted as a means of obtaining relief from internal disorders and seditious or- ganisations, The rebuff which Russia lias met with, from Great Britain in Afghanistan and from China at ICuldja, must be resented, or Russian prestige in Central Asia will suffer to an extent that would involve interminable complications and difficulties. There has been much written in Russian newspapers about an advance upon Merv and Herat in the Spring ; and a desperate struggle between Great Britain and Russia for supremacy in Asia is generally regarded as inevitable at no distant date. From intimations received for some months past there is reason to believe that a Russian army would by this time have been in readiness lo mareil against thc Tekko-Turcomans, and, if events should warrant, to make a stand against the ISrhish advance in Afghanistan, but for the difficulty that has arisen with China and which demauds are immediate settlement. Should war break ont between Russia and China, a collision between Russia and Great Britain will bc delayed, and possibly averted ; bul in the event of the difficulty with China being ami- cably settled-which, by thc way, «loos not seem al all probable-the Russian forces now being collected in Central Asia may bc directed towards Afghanis- tan and may be nWe (o render effec- tive service in the threatened war with Great liiilriiti, which is reputedly bein; delayed solely by the rigour of winter making warlike operations difficult and well nigh impossible. Russian agents ave known to be actively j engaged in stirring up the native tribes j bordering on India to combine in j striking a blow against the British power ; and should circumstances prove favourable, these intrigues will be backed up by the advance of a Russian tntlitafy expedition intended to form the nucleus of an army for the invasion of India, such army to be largely made up of native chiefs with their clans who might desire to overthrow the British power in India, or, failing in that, to enrich them- selves by plunder and the spoils of war. Russia will not deliberately engage in hostilities with China and Great Britain at the same time, for such a course would be suicidal ; but supposing that Russia is free to operate in the direction of India, a temporary repulse of a serious nature sustained by thc British in Afghanistan, or a rising in India against British rule - either event being within the possibilities of the immediate future - would probably precipitate the long threatened Anglo Russian war. A prominent feature in that war, it is popularly believed, would be a Russian privateering service or- ganised on a formidable scale with a view to cripple British commerce and harrass the exposed coast line of the British Colonies-particularly those of Australasia. The Colonies are therefore deeply interested in the movements now going on in Asia and the North Pacific. ToWAitns thc close of thc business of tho meeting of the Municipal Council yesterday, His Worship the Mayor announced that he had just received a letter from Alderman Higson tendering his resignation. The letter will be brought before thc Council at their next meeting to be dealt with. TnE twenty-seventh monthly meeting of No. 7 Building Society was held at thc Secre- tary's (Mr. R. Jj. Dibdin) office, last night, Messrs. R. Sharples and W. Pearse presiding as sitting directors. Tho sum of £159 Cs. 3d, was received as subscriptions and interest. One advance share was sold at H per cent. TEN immigrants entered into engagements yesterday, viz., five females at 9s. per week, and five farm labourers at an average rate of £25 per annum. It will bc seen by the engagements made during the week that a very fair demand exists for the class of immi- grants that have reached here by the Sir William Wallace. THERE appears to bo ample scopo for tho operations of an additional lodge of Oddfellows under the Manchester Unity Order, judging from tho good attendance at tho Hall last night, in answer to an announcement of the formation of a new lodge. Twenty eight gentlemen joined and upwards of ten more signified their intention of becoming members. Other persons desirious of entering tho lodge will be admitted at a reduced scale of fees up to April 28, thc opening night. The new lodge having made a good start there is little reason to fear but that it will bc as equally successful as the present one. THE usual fortnightly sitting of the Potty Debts Court was held yesterday, before the Polico Magistrate. There were twenty-three cases on the list, of which two were with- drawn, two settled, and in eight verdicts were taken by consent. In the following un- defended cases the plaintiffs obtained verdicts with costs :-Bridget Cully v. A. Baggott, detinue of a bridle, 10s. Cd., costs Ss.; P. Downer». D. Mitchell, dishonoured promissory note, £10, costs 10s.; Acheson and Allen v. A. Wool, goods sold, £13 4s. 10d,, costs 10s. ; Municipal Council e. H. Bolton, rates, £2 11s. Sd, verdict for Ss. Sd,; same v. A. Graham, rates, £3 9s. Gd., costs 10s.; H. W. Johnson v. S. Cooper, board, £7 ls. Cd., costs £1 11s. Dofendei cases :-f. Boyce v. 3. Mulray, disputed accounts, £13 8s. Gil. Mr. II. Lyons for thc plaintiff, and Mr. Melbourne for the defence. The decision was postponed until this morning. Four other defended cases were adjourned. WE learn with much gratification that Messrs. Acheson and Allen, of this town havo boen awarded first prize at the Sydney Inter- national Exhibition for Rosella and Guava Jellies. This information Im been wired to the prize takers by Mr. Layton who con- gratulates them on their success. We arc informed that thc exhibits which tonk tho prize - a sample tiri of which bas been kindly sent us for trial were made up simply with tho view of show- ing what can be done in this district. We may hope, however, that thc success which bas been achieved will induce thc exhibitors to cngago in thc business of manufacturing fruit preserves. Of emirso this means the production of fruit in thc first instance, but there are plenty of settlers who would prow fruit provided a good market existed for it when grown. The question is, can fruit bo grown and converted into preserves in Rockhampton at a cost that will remune- rate both thc grower and manufacturers Î We presume that Messrs. Acheson and Allen could supply the answer. WE regret to see that the truly ornamental row of young trees in East-stroct fronting tho Government block, from thc Telegraph Office to the Court House are threatened with de- struction by the improvements in progress in asphalting and kerbing the footpath. A beautiful tree (Poviann (/rand flora) outside thc Telegraph Office, bas been so backed about thc roots in cutting out a groove for thc cement kerbing that it must suffer very seriously, and it would bo next to a miracle if it sur- vived such rough treatment. Tho tree is only about seven years old, and one of the few planted in thc town which have attained maturity, and for our part, if a choice had to be made between an asphalt footpath without trees and the existing footpath with them, wc should choose thc latter alternative ; and wc think that the publie generally will agree with us on this point. Tho pr.iis wortby beginning made in tree-planting in thc streets of Ilockhampton has been a matter for favourable comment by strangers visiting tho town, and it is a thou- sand pities to allow trees which are truly ornamental and afford a grateful shade from thc Bun and relief to the eye lo bo ruthlessly hacked to pieces, and thc Work of years de- stroyed in n day. If not too late, wo would ask thc Mayor and Aldermen lo t-xc whether something cannot bc done to Fnvc these trees. If the footpath must bc asphalted, cannot it not bu done in filch a manner as to give thc frees a elini.ee of drawing their rcijuisitc nutriment from the soil ? -It is time that some {general rales were decided on with regard' to trae planting in our publie thoroughfares* i s\;======-^= ., , GOLD MININO'- ON PBAK DOWNS,-From statistics obtained at the Warden's Office tho Telegram of the 9th instant learns that goid mining on_ Peak Downs improved very mucliïïïïring~ihe past year, ana that, despite flucttiatiôns, it may pow 3»ç classed as <me of our Most'promising industries. * The estimated yield of gold on thiaHela ToT 1879 was COOOozs,, as against 4000 oís. ia 1878;' «The gold sent by escort amounted to 5219 OB,, valued at £10,773, as ngainst 3296 ozs., valued at £12,227 in 1876. Alluvial gold is fetching on thc ground £3 15s. per onncc, and reef gold £3 15s. Cd. per oz., as against £3 14s. Cd. all round iu 1878. Tho estimated yield per head of thc actual mining population waB£7G ls. ld., as against £49 14s. 5d. in 187S. The revenue J from thc field was £484 14s. Sd. as against j £312 12s., lOd. in 1878. The stone crushed at' the Copperfield machine amounted to 9G3J tons, yielding 519 ozs. 12 dwts. Cgrs., being an average of 10 dwts, 18f gre. per ton os against 177 tons, yielding 151 ounces, being an average of 17 dwts. 1 gr., inf.1878. The greater average yield per tonia 1678 was accounted for by thc fact that the machino was then in Cler- mont, and only thc liest stone was crushed, as it had to be brought a distance of four miles. At Copperfield, where thc machine had been at work for a considerable time, the reefs arc in tho immcdiateaoeiglroourhood, and stone of much poorer description can be crushed. Wc have only to look at tho vast increase in tho aggregate yield-519 ozs. as against 177 ozs. -to be convinced that real progress has been made during thc past year. A SENSATIONAL LAW POINT.-At the sitting j of the Criminal Court, Adelaide, on 2Gth ultimo ' before His Honour Mr., Justice Boucaut, a law point of tile grayest importance as arresting the validity of marriages celebrated in this colony Since 1808 was'ràisûd by Mr. C. C. Kingston on behalf of a woman he was defending in a case of bigamy. , Tho two marriages m thc lifetime of thc first husband were proved to the satisfaction of the Jury, who brought in a ver- dict of'guilty. -The point raised was in- sufficiency of proof of legal marriage with tho first husband. In tho ceremony, which was according to the ^ritual of the Church of England, the contracting parties did not say, "I call upon these persons here present to witness that I (A 13) do take thee (C D) to bc my lawful wedded wife (or husband)," as re- quired by an express 'provision (section 29) in thc Marriage Act ot ,1807. No such words are used in tho Church''of England service; thc nearest approach to them are tho words -I (A B) take thWtóbe my wedded wife (or husband)," and Mr.. Kingston submitted that they, could/not be regarded as equivalent to the taking specified in tho Act. It ap- peared that a section (38) of the same Act covered the difficulty created by thc provision in question, by making registration conclusive evidence of the validity of all marriages ; but that section was repealed by the Amending Act of 18C8-9, the Legislature apparently overlooking the eficdt iii might produce on marriages subsequently solemnized according to the rubric of the Ohurch of England. His Honor was impressed with the exceeding im- portance of tile pointy and reserved it for the decision of the Full Court, It was, he said, a question not only affeotiug domestic happiness in many homes, but. one which affected pro- perty here and perhaps in England also. There was in it sufficient element of doubt, reason, and difficulty to warrant him in reserv- ing the point. Under the circumstances of the case nc postponed passing sentence on the woman, and admitted her to bail till the date of the first sitting , of the Full Court. The woman's maiden natue was Elizabeth Susannah Hemmings, arid she was charged under the surname of her first husband, Green. Sheap Eeared in the dook' with an infant at her roast, .the .paternity of which her second husband ¿Gíblaimed.-Adelaide Obterver. A CASE OF BEST/ERECTION.-Tho following story is told in thc Era :-" In Thurgan, Switzerland, thc body of a man was found, and it was supposed, that death had been the result of foul play. But the medical men de- clared that thc wounds were self-inflicted, and that t!ie deceased must have committed suicide. Tho body was identified by a large number of relatives os well as by sawyers with whom deceased had worked as having belonged iii life to ono Baumoler, a sawyer of Lucerne. His kinsfolk followed him to thc grave, put on mourning for him, and thc local papers pub- lished notices of the dead mau. On thc evening after thc interment, while a number of Baumelcr's friends were making merry in tho village inn, who should walk in among them but thc dead man himself ! Tho pea- sants dropped their tankards of lager, and stared at the ghost in dismay. Some took to their heels iu fright, and, running home, barricaded their doors. The ghost quietly took his seat at a table, and ordered sausages, bread, and lager iii large quantities, and, Iiis meal being finished, went straight to thc priest, and thanked him for tho eloquent funeral oration he had delivered over his grave. He then called upon thc head mau of thc dis- trict, and expressed his obligations for the trouble taken on his behalf. So far, the ghost showed himself to bc amiably inclined, but his mood changed upon looking down the columns of a local paper, whicli contained nu obituary notice of thu deceased couched in not exactly complimentary terms. The ghost, whose reputation during lifetime was really somewhat shady, seeing In's chance, intends to bring au action for libel against thc editor, who forgot to state in thc obituary notice that deceased was a representative of all thc vir- tues. Thc circumstances of a live ghost walking about, and contemplating law'pro ceedings, has thrown thc village into a state of great excitement." 