LADIES' COLUMN. THE- CEREMONY OF LAYING THE' FOUNDATION-STONE OF THB NEW CATHEDRAL. Tuesday aftornoon. At a very early hour this afternoon ths crowds obstructing tho way in Swanston and Flinders streets showed tho interest and curiosity excited among all classes. by the cere- mony about to bo performed, Every adjacent window waa filled with eager spectators, and the higheat warehouse in Flinders Jane held numbers of people on its roof. When .we were seated, I noticed one individual, anxions evidently to behold something at least of what was going one, holding by one band - to a grating high up in tho side of a large building. His position must have ' been both an uncomfortable and perilous oho. The accommodation being limited, of courBO the nnmber of tickets issued was comparatively small ; still a goodly assemblage of visitors filled the allotted space. In the enclosure tiers of roughly constructed seats had boon placed over near St, Paul's parsonage, faoing tbe road below those were the ohairc, in front of which hung suspended the stone to bo laid. To one side were the rows of tho choir, and the space for the olergymon and members of Trinity College The latest timemeotioned fur reserving soots was a quarter past three, but before ' three nearly every available inch of room was occupied. Those who held no tickets stood behind near the fence. Having suoh a consi derable time to waiters tbe ceremony com menced, I had leienro to watoh people?arriviog and study comfortably the very pretty and showy dresses and bonnets on those present. I have rarely aeen at assemblages of the kind-so much elegance and taste displayed in dress. As ia usual at this season, winter and eummer cos tumes alternated. By far the most striking one - was of fawn-colored cashmere, trimmed with brown silk. On the bottom of a most gracefully looped sort of overskirt pale blue flowers were worked in silk. A long jaoket was worn, the same shade, but thicker material, edged with fringe, and braided in patterns with brown braid ; tbe sleeves were very wide and open. Tho bonnet was trlmmod with the two shades; the parasol, fawn ailk, worked with brown silk flowers. A striking toilette was a dress of purplo striped velvet, plainly made, the cap (very email) white fnr, and broad cuffs, and a band round tbe neck of the same fur. Two pretty hats on young girle fear me were whito beaver, very large, ebapo poke in front, lined with brown eitk, with a brown eilk bow and email white feather in front. A pretty drees on a young girl, almost a child, was of Jananeee ailk, made fishwife stylo. On the yoke, round the eaBh, and on the sleeves pale pink and blue flowers were ' worked in silks. Another graceful child's dross was a very much looped pink silk Pom padour, over a kilted skirt of pale pink silk. A lovely bonnet on a lady in front of me seemed to lie compoeed entirely of long white feathers; three mnde the baok and another ourlcd round the side; small pieces of crimson velvet formed the border, I also saw another the same Btyle, being compoeed of fawn- colored feathers. This is an extremely graceful stylo of bonnet, bnt muet be very expensive. A very ladyliko bonnet was of ecru colored plueh, drawn in folds ; a large eoru feather went at one side, aud two tiny green plumagcd birds the other, . A pretty parasol wa3 of myrtle green eilk, worked in pale green and white flowera. A warm rich dress was of brown velvet, with silk sleeves and trimmings. There were a number of jersey costumeB ; the neatest I saw was dark bine. With a dark purple drees a blncfc velvet turban hat was worn, with a largo orange colored satin Low in front, a large bow of the same color wns worn at the neck. A lady next ino woro a pale grey silk, trimmed with tiny frills; over this a fawn-colored long jacket of some felt- looking material, edged with wide grey fur; andn beaver hat, turned up in front, fastened down on the hair behind. A dark feather went round, edged with crimson, and a large ecarlet bud at ono Bide, One round shady hat was trimmed only with a mass of cut dark etec-1 beads, which glittered in the sun's rays ; a fringe of tho same bung oven the face. A black corded silk was trimmed with black brocade, giving a very good effect. A striking dress was black velvet, trimuied with deep oraiigp satin. About hnlf-past three the procession fiied in. First came the choristers in thoir whito surplices, headed by tiny boys ; thon, two by two, the long procession of clergy men in their canonicals, the Bishop, members of the chapter, his chaplainB, the Governor and suite, _ the theological students of Trinity Col lege in gowns, the Mayor nnd suite and lay representatives of the various parishes. After reaching their placee— facing tho peoplo on the platform behind the harmouinm, at which the Rev. Dr. G. W. Torrance waa seated — tbe choir intoned the Lord's Prayer, and thon sang the beautiful hymn commencing Christ is tho Foundation of the House we Raise. The Scene now waa a peculiarly impressive and< beautiful ono. Tho dark-robed crowds behind threw into strong relief ths white- robed choristers, whoso voices swelled into one eweet chorns to tho Great Father of nil, ore the first stone of His house was laid. In front was a brilliant crowd, while midway in tho air hung the massive stone on which many eyes were fixed. Three chairs wero placed at one side, and were occupied by the Bishop, Dean nnd Governor ; around stood the Arch deacon and canon. Many eyes were directed to the clenr- cnt, noble face of our earnest, beloved Bishop, and venerable Dean grown old in tbe tho church service. Upon the face of all was an eager attention, befitting the solem nity of the occasion, Hanging round and above wos a quantity of gny (lags. Great care and trouble had evidently been taken with the arrangements. An order was given that all on the platform were to stand up, to make more room ; this seemed unnecessary, and was by no means pleasant. A slight shower fell during tbo afternoon, and some indignation was expressed against thoso ladies who raised umbrellnB to protect thoir bonnets. " Well, I do call it too bad," a lady bohind me grumbled ; " after etanding all this while, to be done out of seeing at last, nil on account of n nasty old umbrella." " No, madam," tho lady with the umbrella, turning round, an, snered. " Not on account of tbo ' umbrella;' on account of my new bonnet," and she tossed her parasol with an aic of wounded dignity, but did not close it, A number of Grammar school boys with flags were stationed near the gate. Small printed books wero circulated, contain ing an account of the procession, and the words- of the psalms, prayers, and hymns to be sung and said. This was a great help, as many joined in the singing. A lady near mo Bang a second in a rich contralto voice. After a psalm had been sung nnd a prayer offered, pre parations were made for lowering the stone, various objects were placed in a leaden casket, which was then carefully soldered and de posited in the bed where tho stone would rest. It was amusing to heartho various comments as to what the boxnctuallycontained. Few seemed really to know, or why it was deposited there. It was credited with holding the most remark able things. It really held copies of tbe daily papers, Church of England Messenger, Uni versity Calendar, acta of Church Assembly, statistics of the diocese and order of proceed ings of the day, a bottle of corn (grown at llushworth), the current coins of the realm, and n scroll on which a Latin inscription was printed. This was road alond first by Dr Hearn. Tho stone slowly descended then into its place, after his Excellency had been pre sented with a silver trowel. When it was fonnd to he properly laid, tho Governor tapped it gently with n mallet, sayiDg, " I lay the foundation stor.e of a cathedral to be dedicated to the service of Almighty God, and to bs called by the name of the Apostle Paul, in the name of the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost." Then followed the remainder of the service prescribed for the occasion. The second hymn was that favorite one, whioh was beautifully snng, All hail the power of Jeau'a Name ; let Angels proBtrate Fall. Several gentlemen now started collecting. Each carried smnll crimson velvot bags, on which "I.H.S." was braided in gold cord. When filled they woro plnced on a largo gold plate, and pnt on tho stone, for the purpose (I nctnally heard a lady remark) of being buried with it. No; it wos intended for a far more useful purpose. A good deal must, I think, have beeD collected, as I saw many round ma drop in notes and gold. After his Excellonoy had spoken nt some length Dr Moorhouse rose to speak, The utmost silence prevailed, as all eyes wore fixed upon tho one who, besides' being a gentleman nnd a soholar, showed tha young by the example of his own how it is possible to lead an entirely pure, earnest and noble lifo. Owing to his clear, alow utterance I was enabled to taka down noarlyallhisspoeeh. He told us first the uses of a cathedral, "It is n great churoh, whioh is intended to be the centrelof tho Church's highest energies." It is built, then, cot primarily boqutiiuf to IwU a t in tbo eyes of those whR pass by, but prlmsrily to afford help to those who eater it, in raising their thoughts tn the Infinite nndinstirririg within them cmotioiwof awe aid reveronoe." Ho sp iko uC tho necfi of vastnom, height and breadth. With-mt it, he said, "There can bo no effect given to iiiusioul uurvlces, no resonanoo, no fcoliag of elasticHy, nn mnssire- ness, no delecacy of unuiul. Without height, " musio is robbed of mire than h df its power tn eoothe, to subdue, to elevate, to call u vay Lho feelings from tbo distractions aud frivolity of tho world, aud to nttuno tham to the tcnderne.si aud tho solemnity of tho higher life." Ho epoka also of how the love and practice of mu-:ic were spread ing amongst uj young people h-ro, and said ho wob afraid wo eared more for musio and less for worship than at home. He spoke of tha wonderful power "f music and tile need of it in our church ser vices. He - Bpoke of another use of tho cathedral as a training school for clergymen, saying, "If hit (lho clergyman's) sermon be foolish or di.-jointed, or disfigured by rapid rhetorio, or mixvd metaphor, he is himself conscious of the fact, and covered as he should , be with shame at his performance. Depend upon it tho next lime he preaches in the cathedral he will take care to have fresh thoughts, logically arranged, and nervously expressed. Besides, when cue speaks slowly ono must not have too much to say, and thus one go's into tno habit or preaching short aer- monF, with a good deal in tliein." 11a spoke of the uses of cathedral fmrvio s, ami concluded this portion of his speech by saying, "In the h'nitof a groat city, not upon n hill at a distance, but where all its passions and crimes are, there ahould he a House of God ever open, where those whp aro broken by life's sorrows, or sorely smitten by life's Bins, may always be ablo to find guidance and solace when they need ft. When tho poor out cast Is at his worst— near the brink of tho dark river — is wanderiag in tha city about, aim lessly, hopelessly, looking vainly for romo hope, some help, some pity, there should al ways bo an open bouse of prnrer In his path, an ark where he may flee for refugo. Open your cathedral in his very pathway ; let its prayers plead, let its praises swell, and perhaps they may lift his lost sonl so near Mount Pisgab that he may catch thence soma glimpse of the blessed hops, without which he oannot live. Oh, my friends, there are many swell the sin, are there none ot those will help to build the refuge?" ' The Bishop concluded by a fsw remarksl as to the advisability of a cathedral chapter being formed. Ho then mentioned tho magnificent donation just received from Mr Clarke. After whichSir Willi, amStawell spoke. DrMoorhoose then pronounced tbo henedicti ,n, and aiter cheers had beon given with hearty goodwill for the various magnates the pro ceedings of the day terminated. LOUISE. 