A BROTHER'S REVENGE. slfilⅈ Aaelo-Austrfiliaai T&le.; [?] ?.'The' 'Vessel labonreel heavily, the wind grodn BLUyhaulinginore and'more'— -beam, and one by one the calls were takeiTjn and reefed until she was malting the 'best way she could under double reefed topiails, reefed foresails, and staysails. It n four bells in the middle vriteh (2 a.m.), (when George Hazel suddenly leaped from hie berth in the said deck-house and made the best of [bis way.eut— nd aft towards the poop. The pea ??wa* running-very high and tlio decks -were ankle deep in water. . HeodUss of this, however, he ?walked aft and mounted the poop-ladder. i The officer of the watch met him on the break .of Aho poop and spoke to him, ticking him whither ;he was going ; for the poop and quarter -dcok are . reserved for the officers and cabin - passengers. He made no reply, but continued his way aft towards the wheel. Then it was seen that ho wns walking in his sleep. He was dreaming, and thought that his brother Joan stood by his lunk, pale, ghostly, and terrible, and ordered him to follow him. Unable to refuse obedience, he thoughtthat his brother glided ghostlike on to Hio poop, and that he, drawn as by some irresistible power, was compelled to follow. ? As he arrived at tiie wheel, the officer, catch 'ing him up, laid his hand on his shoulder, and roughly -shaking him, he awoke. He grazed about -him for a moment or two ia bewildered astonish ment. ' Now, ray man, waks up !' said tho sec.ind'mato. * I didn't know that we had a somnambulist on board till this moment.' He stood laughing at the bewilderment of tbe sleep-waiting passenger till his attention w.is sud denly arrested by something of more iuipnrtanee. All at once, and without a moment's warning, the tiller-ropes parted. *Lay aft here, someof you, and reef fresh ii'IIcr 3op*s^. Bear a hand'.' shouted theeffieer. But though the sailors came running aft in Wbedienee to the order, thero was no time to do anything. The vessel was carrying bur helm hard a-woather, the pressure of the altersails tending to bring her head up to the wind. Accordingly she broached- to, and as she came broadside on 'chipped a tremendous sea. right over the bows. Itfell upon her with tremendous force, completely flooding her decks, and washing; away water-casks, boats, and everything which it could tear loose from the lashings. The seamen saw the danger, and, agile as cats, climbed into the rigging, and there remained tiii the water had washed away. But in its force it dashed full on the hurricane house, which was built on tiie deck according to the prevalent and very dangerous faahioD. This it tore from its : fastenings and washed against the lee bulwarks. Thasa were unable to stand tie tremendous pres sure of sea, house, water-cask's, broken-boats, pitf ety, and ftvery other loose article dashed ag.iinst them simultaneously. The lee bulwarks gave way with a great crash, and deck-house and everything else were ewept into the foaming waves. There waa a long wailing cry of agony ; and then the ship, paying off on her course, plunged aboad. In such a storm, and on so dark a night, it would°]jave been madness to have launched a boat. Besides, them was little doubt that the un fortunates in the house were ingulfed at once. George 'Hazel «aid nothing, but, Ualf-clad as -h.e was, knelt down on the deck, and prayed for ? inercy and pardon. It seemed to him that it would ? be better to die at once than thus to be marked out to live a solitary wretched life. His fellow passengers looked on him askance, and some of them even whispered among each other that the ship would never reach her destination eo long aa 'Jonah' was on board. Two days afterwards the coast of Van Diemcn's T,and was sighted ; and a pilot-boat coming off, vJeorge Hazel Hiked for leave to co on hoard and be put ashore at Hobart Town. No objection was made by the captain; and, to the scarce concealed delight of the passengers, this man of ill-omen left ?tie ship for tile pilot-cutter. That same evening lie landed in Hobart Town.ldeeply impressed with the conviction that the dream which saved Mb life was of supernatural origin. The one absorbing object of bis existence was now to find his; brother, aHtl beg for bis pardon. With this end in viow, he a_titd in the first vessel for Sydneyt where he safely arrived in about three davs. Then he started up country, having an idea that his brother and Philip were on BOme of the diggings that eids of the country. First, however, he made diligent inquiry in the town, but could ? hear not tidings of them whatever. Thin, haggard, and miserable, he was but tho ghost of his former self ; and had his brother and Philip met him face to face 'when ho landed from the ship, they would scarcely have recognised liim. And now we will leave him, and change the scene. CHAPTEEXVIU. IN AUETBAJjIA. '?' Somewhere' about 150 miles from Sydney, in ?Now South Wales, there iB a town called Mnrrur rnn&i;, situated on tbe ^banks of the river Page, A tribntarjof the Hunter. In winter, and after heavy rains, thiB stream Tnsb.es down — fed by hundreds of gullies and creeks — a roaring, resist less torrent, OTerflowing its banks, flooding the surrounding land, and sweeping away fences, and sometimes houseB, in its furious course. In sum mer it is a little rivulet, across which children w&de;,, a quiet stream occupying a small channel in the midst of the broader bed, with pebbly, rocky bottom, and here and there deep pools, where cattle love to wallow, end the handsome sons end daughters of Australia bathe in tho cool even ings. The so-called township consists of only some thirty or forty houses, two of which are inns, half a-dozen stores, on* the blacksmith's, another the ehemist's, the rest the habitations of those who bare farms on the banks of the river, or who from -choice live in Murrorrnndi. The river winds along a very shallow valley, about a mile and a half in breadth, the slopes of which, luxuriant in fattening herbi, are covered '?with cattle and horses, many of which are per fectly wild, and have'iover seen a man but once, \- -and that when they were driven in to be branded 'by their respective owners. AU along the river from the township, upwards and downwards, the land is fenced off and cultivated, producing wheat, oats, and Indian corn. Ss fertile is the soil that ploughing is not necessary ; a heavy harrow is draggod across the field, dud then the grain is sown. Even by this rough-and-ready process, without manure of any kind, it is possible to grow two crops in a year. About seven milei up the river the signs of iuman habitation grow scarcer, aa do the fences end cultivated fields, end at last the explorer comes to an end of tthe clearing, on tho edge of ?which stands a half-finithed house or hut. It ?stands with its back to the -busk, and just about 200 yards from the stream. A wild and luxuriant growth of Indian eom, run to seed, eeemi to s«y that the land liad been partly cultivated, — sows, lint the crop never reaped. ; Such was, indeed, the fact. Two years previ ously, a man known as ' Black Bob' had squatted here, hire* two men, and commenced to build a bouse, and clear and fence the hind. Of this man little was known ; he Beamed to have money, paid hit way, kept his own counsel, and for come j months worked away vigorously on tho land on ?which he had squatted— that is to say at intervals ? for no would be absent sometimes for a week to gether, riding off into the bush without saying a ?word to tbe two men who were assisting him, ex cept that he should be back in a day or two. He returned always unexpectedly, and if things ideated him, if the work had progressed well, he always liberally rewarded his men, and then for another week or two he would labour away with thtm. Gradually the bush was cleared away from the unfinished hut to the river; the stumps were grabbed up, *nd a *pace containing about 150 sores fenced in by stout posts and rails, for which Black Bob and ^lis men idled tho trees end split the. stakes. In frontof the houB© the ground waa ^31 cleared, but ajj;#» bank the bush and bees eimeqult»closaTip,'ao*l»ppedround«itherBide, ciying tho building the ippearanM of being half jnibejodsd. Must men would under h'ka oucnm ?tanoe» lave-deared »way a space behind for ifc/' ' * ?v-v'-v:.-;*;^ i'U air to the house. Not so Black Bob. Not one ?stick would he allow to be touched ; the thick scrub coming quite close round the house, wrapping it in a dusky border. Now there were those in Murrurundi who had a theory to account for this — a fanciful one, trnly, but not without some show of plausibility. It was rumoured that Black Bob had been, perhapB was still, a bushranger, and that, having decided to vary that amiable pursuit by the less dangerous occupation of farming and pasturing, he had squatted on this piece of ground, and proposed to make it his occasional home. Hi6 curious fancy of hating his house ha If imbedded in the bush wns held to be typical of his occupation— half L'UeIi rangor, half 'farmer. This belief, improbable 'sit, appeared, ohtainud ratmsiTc crerinict. The n»vr E;Lrin was naiueii. Mu^urangcr nut. xtus cauio i to Bbick Bob'n care ou one of his visits to Blumi- ! t rnnrli f.'.r a [ifrindkal ' spree,' or two or three 'lays ?; jf diuukenuc *e. Instead of being angry or au- j nuyiHl lie laughed loud and long — his huge black i UcaviI tha-kiug ; liis wide-opened mouth showing ^ liisglwiuiiug tooth, white and polished us those of t ? Bushranger Hut! ho, ho, ho !— good !— Biuh- ] rany.T Hut! Jack Small! laiullord, drinks t ranud — ruin and syrup and nobbier? of brandy ; and 1 bV II drink to 'Bushranger Hut.'' a Black Bob spent his money freely, and always J had plenty about Mm ; 60, of course, at the inn he 1 patronised he was a great card. In Uiatwild time, i in that wild country, a 'Bushranger Hut' was not s regarded with hatred ond detestation, but fear -? only ; and as the proprietor of Bushranger Hut £ hrvi not exercised his prof ess ion, if it were his pro- j I'L-esk'D, in the neighbourhood, people didn't care i much ub.jut it one way or the other. It um*t be ronieinbered that at that time, before (lie discovery of the gold-fields attracted crowds of emigrants, two men out of the three'you met in j j* u«tra lin were certainly ? old hands,1 that is to say, ) convicts who had served their time of imprison- , a-ent. Most probably there were few umonjr those , ?n-ho drank Blnek Bob's liquor who hud not them- , pelves been guilty of some uflVnce against law and ] moralifv, Ijut who were now houesi, because thev , Kiilly fouu.iit tlw U-st policy. It is nut to bej{ eiiliposinl fiat su.jh men would viiw with any great ( bor.-ur bo liberal a boshruuger as Bluck Bob ; hiu) ( one, too, who in the most gentlemanly niannor ^ orbore to practise in the neighbourhood. 3 Evi.-n in his most drunken moments, hoirevor, thisfciugul.u- individual never breathed a word of hiinsi-li or his jiust life. He was always tatiiuru ; but ou that subject he was absolutely dumb. For about t-ix mouths he worked awuy at hia farm, ami hut, and had got it into very tolerable order, v-hou he disappeared one day and did not ruturn. At first his absence excited no surprise. Kis labourers, tiro old hands, worked quietly on, ale lue rations he had left at tbe hou&e;, luid when Ijiesu were gone went into the township and bought more ; for they had inouoy, and duubujd not their strange and liberal employer wouldcome back. He had rid.Jen away into the biis^i en a lullbjy niore, the best of the three he possessed, saying he should be back in leas thau a week. Black Bob's horseflesh, though not handsome, was for endur ance of first-rate quality. The bi-.y mare he said he had ridden 150 miles in tivo days once when hard jivessed. How hi was hard pressed he did not cLoosft to state, but his men quietly put it down that ho was hunted by the mounted police. On this mare he had gone away, but neither he nor mare returned. A month passed : two months, tisteu, a yesu:, and still the owner of Burfjr&neer; Hut wns absent. Tbe men had long since left, and it tras currently believed that be had gone on one of his bushranger's expeditions to nnother part of the country, and had been either shot or captured. From one cause or another hie half-cultivated farm and unfinished house reinaiaed unoccupied, and three years had elapsed when two strangers arrived at jMuiTurundi and commenced making inquiries as to an unocenpied section of good land. These two were John Hazel and Philip Meredith. After wandering about oil over the country, rest less and discontented, Philip had succeeded in persu ding his friend to settle down and seek to find, in tjie occupation of farming and stock keeping, a relief from the perpetual gloom which was ever on him. John Hazel was in good health, and yet one who had known him a year back would never have recognised him now. He had let bis beard grow ; hia frame wne'gannt and thin, his com plexion bronzed. There was a restless insaneness in hia eye, and a weary expression of feature, which told plainly enough of a mind ill at ease. As Boon a* Philip heard of the deserted farm and Bushranger Hut he determined to eo and 6ee. John Hazel, too, seemed quite interested at the wild tales, exaggerated by time and rejwtition, about Black Bob. 'Come, Philip,' ho said, ' let's walk on up there. It's early in the afternoon yot. We shall havo no trouble in finding it, I suppose, land lord?' ' Keep by the bank of tho creek, and you can't miss it. You'll know the hut too when yon 6ce it. It seems like an owl peering out of a bush. Tou'd scarce thing it had been cleared at all, for the Indian corn was never gathered, and it's run to seed, and what with that and the bush that sprung up again it Iook6 a wild sort of place.' ' Ah, we'll soon work it into shape,' said Philip, ?if it suits us.' 'Lookjout that the ghost of Black Boh^don't comp and worry you.' ' His ghost's quite wclcouiG to come, I'm sure. I shouldn't like his body to appear, though, just as we'd settled down, and claim the place.' ? Ah, there's no fear of that. He's had a bullet put through him eafe enough. Stopped some one on lha roail who carried revolvers like you, gentle men, I expect, and wasn'tquick enough.' Philip and John Hazel walked on up the creek, and in the course of a couple of hours came to the place in question. It was, indeed, a wild and desolate-looking spot, the more eo from having been once cultivated. ' This we will make our home,' said John deci sively. ? 1 like the wild appearance and .solitnde of tbe place.' ' So let it be, then,' his friend replied. ' Nobody owns tha land. Government may have a claim ; but if ever they do come down on us we can pay at the current rate. Meanwhile, I don't see why we need bother ourselves about right or title. Here we are ; and here we will settle.' Both beinpr agreed, the next day they set to work to clear the land and complete the hut. Standing at the door of this latter, in the dark shade of the bush and scrub which all but envel oped it, John Hazel gazed with folded arms on his new farm, llecould not help contrasting it in his mind with the old place at home. Here, in place of looking out over smooth pastures and fertile grain-fields, carefully hedged and fenced, his eye wandered over a rough, dreary-looking waste. A rank growth of Indian corn, weeds, and brush covered the gronndfrom the very threshold of the hut right down to the sides: and all around the space which had been partially cleared stood the giant pine and stringy-bark trees of the forest. The desolation and wildness of the place seemed to accord well with John Hazel's mood. For a day or two he wandered about theirnewly-acquired posseseions, and explored the bush around, leav ing Philip and the men they had Mrcd to go on with the work of clearing. But as this progressed, and bush and rank growth disappeared from around, he took a sudden interest, and tot to work himself, repairing the post-and-rail fence which had once encircled all the clear space. A great portion of thiB had been destroyed, neighbouring farmers having taken away whole furlongs of rails for their own use elsewhere. But John Hazel with his men soon felled timber, and split and hewed enough to repair all damage. In little morethaa a fortnight's time the house, or rather hut, had been eldbbed-inandtoofedwith sheets of bark, the whole of the allotment fenced in, and a great portion of it cleared and made fit for cultivation. A rough shed, serving for a stable, bad been erected dose by, and a larga building for a barn was in progress of construc tion. Ploughs and agricultural implements had been procured, and in a paddock at the rear were two cows and three unbroken colts they had bought. Bo soon as all the land was cleared andfifanoed, John Hazel paid and dismissed the men. ' Now, Philip,' he said, 'we are alons togother. Alone we will till this farm; and tor my part, I never wish to leora this plaoe. Hers will I lire and die.' 