Wit &ndg;§umom\ A CRYSTAL ghost—A glass shade. A tiubt-fit.—Delirium tremens. When is a glass of hot grog like a locomotive ?—When its a steamin gin. A newspaper advertises book-binder's skinB for Bale—and this is the nineteenth century! Hairdresser's Motto.—A fool and his hair are soon parted. The following advertisement appeared lately in an Irish newspaper :—This is to notify Patrick O'Flaberty, who lately left his lodgings, that if he does not return soon and pay for the same he shall be advertised.' Hepworth Dixon's death is stated to have been the natural cansequence of his grief for the loss of bis eldest son. With a despondency strangely foreign to the spirit that had hitherto animatod him, be told his family that he seemed to be losing his hold on life. We have never smoked a ' Tin-tag' cigar, but from what the manufacturer, wbo it appears lives in Connecticut, says of ibem they must be t!ie perfection of smokes. We quote from his circular :—' The tobacco from which the'Tin-tag' ismadeis grown entirely in conservatories, and the cigars are made on mahogany fables by thoroughbred CubanB in ewallow-t&il; coats and white kid gloves. When a man smokes one of these cigars he walks on air, and dreatns that he has a diamond scarf pin and G5 dollars suit of clothes on, and just married rich. It makes th<j breath sweet, and keeps the teeth white, and will force a moustache on the smoothest lip in five weeks. It improves and beautifies tbe complexion, it eradicates tan, freckles, and dandruff, and is enjoyed by all tbe smoker's sisters, cousins, and aunlB.' An impecunious fortune hunter, having been aocepted by an heiress, at the wedding, when that portion of tbe ceremony was reaohed where the bridegroom says, ' With all my wordly goods I thee endow,' a spiteful relative of the bride exolaimed, 1 There goes bis valise!' The following anecdote is told of John Pbilpot Ourran. In his last illness he was restless, and unable to sleep. His physician gave him a strong sleeping draught, and, after he had taken it, said to bim, ' There, Mr. Ourran, now you will sleep like a top.' e ' Ah,' said Ourran, ' I know, just aB usual— keep on turning round and round,' ' Dootor,' said an old lady, ' I'm so troubled in my sleep. Last night I saw grandfather, who has been dead thirty years,' ' What did you eat before you went to bed P' asked tbe doctor, ' Nothing but half a mince-pie.' ' Well, if you had eaten the other half, you might also have seen your grandmother.' They were talking of M. X 'Luckiest fellow I ever knew,' said one ; 'everything succeeded with him—turned out just aB he wanted.' ' I don't kuow,' hazards the companion ; ' I know of bome occasions when things went contrary with bim ' ' Bosh, bosb, my dear fellow. Why tbe last time I met him he said to me : ' Here I am, in perfect health, rich, with a charming and lovely wife, fine children, troops of friends, everything that man could wish. The only thing I have ever feared in my life is linger, ing illness, and that 1 have never had and hope never to have.' Well, sir, ibat nigh' he was struck wiih apoplmty and died in ten minutes. There's luck for you.' A wealthy man not many miles from Norwich made a will leaving his large pro. perty to a trustee for bis son. Subsequently he called tbe boy in, and readiug it to him enquired if he oould suggest any improvement. " Well, father,' said the boy, ' if your intentions are right, as things go nowadays, it seems to me it wou-d be to my advantage if you wou'd make the other fellow the heir and make rqe trustee, Later, as the old gentleman was cogitating over the matter, be muttered: ' Bob is a clear-headed boy,' and then he cancelled the trustee clause of bis laBt. will and testament. The clever manner in which Punch is turning his ooat now Disraeli is out and the people's William in is somewhat amusing. H^re is a specimen :—« Quite Superfluous. —The Times informs us that—< HJs Excellency Phya Bhaskarawongse, Envoy of his Majesty of the Eing.of Siarn, is < xpeoted on a seoond visit to England about the middle of May. It had bpen arranged that the Eing of Siam himself would oom» to invest her Majesty wi h tbe insignia of the Order of the White Elephant, but it is understood thai his Majesty's visit is for the present post, poned. Very wisely. The Earl of Beacons, field has invested ber Majesty with suoh a lot of White Elephants already tbat the Siamese one would have been palpably one too many. Besides tha-, his Siamese Majesty's White Elephant must have been dwarfed by those muoh bigger White Elephants, Cyprus, Turkish Convention, Transvaal, and Afghanisi an.' 