. EASTER HOLIDAYS. \- GOOD FBLDAY. In accordance with custom. Good v -j observed as a strict holiday, the cubSe Jr„ r business premises throughOTt tSTttdX^i*^^ closed. As usual, religious services wami^j p^R tin Anglican churchS and BtP.lS?J 1<U i l,l «U Caiholic otthedraL At an early ho "iTthenS^? e uong, the lake, Hurrumbeet, Bnninyoi ether snug retreats around the district^, fir? of enjoying the change of scans Sd . i^™ - 508 relaxation from every-day toIL Oths-» took advantage of the railway to * e * Il, » board for a dip in salt wateJ, whifei number left the Western station In th Brett moniing <n route to the GIppsland Ukes, with 11^5? • tentfan of returning on -rweflay m^fc. weather was in every way suitable to plessme-Lcf? the warm sun being tempered by a Sool the south-east The ridlways were ia-ralv oSSLv 0 ? the arrivtl of each train being indicSI Cr ^j 80^ sfaruig EEnng OI of vidtors visitors between »iween LyiUrd Lycurd and Stmt strS .h-lj® 8 while the approach of taehdepartam-triln 5™", by the hurr^of excurrioufstlTlu^^'^jnt wards the Western station. £ 111 Keligiocs ^ehvices At Christ Church pro-Cathedral the Bfchon 0[ r., Street aat preached at morning Berviaeto a verv tagre^ation, and in tbe evening the attendant w largely increased, when the E, ^ ^ dated. The offertory fcr.the day trasin S" Sunday schools of the parish, and amounted tn ic ? lOd. At St Paul's tha Bev. W. KildahlcffidZ^^ at morning service the singing by the excellent was very effecHve A solo "by Miss Grsville. ?S - was despised 1 CHardal). was beautirully rend rrt it - the other Anilioan churches the Inmmbecta or™ J!: ction their respective pulpits. W0CCI1 PW e The principal service at St Patrick's Cathedml ' the day was at ten o'clock, when the nwTfcTSI pre -eanctiled was celebrated by Bisbon (Vfwassisted by Fathers Cleary, 4erS P Moorerthe attendance being very Urgt LASH AKS Gasdeks! A great number of people visited I ate Wend™-. . and the gardens on Good ttie.,,theattendWbrfS considerably augmented. by -countrv visitors. tS cabs were p'jdng busfly all day, and the steamW and yacht proprietors reaped bounteous profits. ACADDtT or Krsic. The Good Friday sight conceit at the Aca'emv rf Mntio provoS to be wbat ail concerts here atwuS first-class performers appear usually do a mS Euccess. The splendid programme provided gramme fn which the tamea of Miss Alice Btos fiiH r- Lndnda Blackham. Miss Davies, Mrs Carter MrR T. Moroney, and Mr J. W. Burton were tabkd-«~ t promise of a musical treat, and the promisT^.. faithfully fnlHltd. Tha attracHvenessof ™ gramme was tbe cause of a grand attendance Si Academy being filledineverypart,evenavxDiblsM being occupied, and many hai to be improvised ll -meet the demands of pa?rons. 1 he vocal r manoes opened with the exquMte prayer frtm Mori - and though tbe chorus was" not at all strong thf! delicious music of this piece (unfortunately too tanO, heard here)was VBryacceptably givea. Misi Alice was In excellent voice, and the ease- and grace Jritt which she sings were never seen to better advanta» than on Friday night. She sang, as she ever do£ exquisitely, and (with Mrs Carter) rendered tS . . , -- — —ichantiiig performance; but she was most successful in the evw n -fresh "Heme, sweet heme." The balUd »u d sung with delightful sweetneEs atd rrim n- and ' brought down the home. l.Us Bees' e was compelled to sing again, when she repeated ft. latter portion of the song with griat effei Mh, Blackham was also ray successful; for her sweet tad sympathetic singing of " Angels ever bright ant en fait" (Handel) she was loudly recalled, end Schubert's " Ave Maris" was beautifully sung, evoking lond applause from the audienoe, the singer bciigon U» conclusion of her singing loudly recalled. Uisi Davies wis in capital voice, and gave the nnmben f programmed againBt her—Oherubiufs '• Ave Muu," and Miss Lindsay's songt" fiesignation'—with bn -usual sweetness, and was recalled each time. Urs - darter did not perf onn aB well as she generally does in tbe duet with Miss Bees; but she eang tpfendidlv a the aria "He was despised" (Handel), IQj loudly applauded for it With Miss HkcHnmsta , sang tbe duet, "He wipes the teir fcom every eye," and the piece .wh'ch wa« the last l on the programme was the fitting conclusion to a. vety flue evening's amnsemaat Mr e B. T. Moroney has established himself as a Erst favorite belt), and on Friday night stroagthaned the , vary good opinian entertained oi his exceptional powers as • singer. The grand aria," Within tbta to holy temple" (MczirtV was his first number, and it was superbly snug, tne audience insisting cm his rv appearance, whin he gave, with exqd.ite sweetoen, Thirl wall's song," Thus goes tbe world around," the peculiar roundness of his low deep tones being most gthey delightfully displayed as be gave the song. Be mi loudly applauded at the conclusion of the song, in the r solo," Propooca(ia"(" Stabat Mater "). he sang ephididly, bnt In the higher range of the pieoe he wis sot so itfield successful as usual. His last performance "for the evening was his solo, "O SaluUris' (AppoDaei), and it was, like tbe others, greatly apprtciiL-d by the audience. Mr Moroney was accompanied — very effectively — by Mr Alfred Piuisptoc^ who vis specially present for the purpose; and wenayctits e that It is Mr Moroney's intention to pltca HimiiAlf under this gentleman (whose successes ts a teadier and composer are well known) for tbe complete cultivation of the magnificent organjwith which ha ii endowed. Mr Burton was not In good form, asd the s aria, " Oujos animam' 1 (" Stabat Mater ^ w&s; not mag at all 19 to bis usual style, and his perlormince m • disappointment. He had; however, someirhit recovered when he appeared to sing the solo "In satire worth™ (Haydn), ud be acquitted himself so sucoetsfullythwithatflieandienoelBsifltedon hisreippearaiiee. Mr G. Herbert as pianist, and Mr Otzsly as conductor, officiated ably in their respective position* irectly the In the interests of the performers (directly) and the audience (indirectly) ws must protest against the my y the stage Is arranged very often, and as it ms arranged on Friday night The management or tomebody is to blame for the stage being like a blast pipe to a furnace on account of the tremendous current of cold air that was rushing through it into the hiH - Tbe performers were sufferers, and, as a natter of self-preservation will have, if this thing Is not remedied, to appear clad in furs and wister wrappings, when the weather ia at all cold. Theatres and such like places are- by their construction very geneiaflj draughty, but" but surely a cosy concert stage might t be arranged at the Academy for allthat A* THE MlC&AHXCS;' 1H6TITDTB ut Professor Pepper delivered an enjoyable asd Instrsotive lecture on u Astronomy, and the glorious wonders h of the firmament" to a large and attentive audioes. The professor, In his usual lucid and concise mincer, d gave a most Interesting description of the terrible r grandeur ant^ magnificenoe, as well as the beauties, of the sun, the earth, the moon, the planetary eystem, "the comets, and oebulffi, and the exhibition cf ths s many baautifnl diagrams shown by means oi tbe cryhydrogen light, drew forth the unbounded , applause of the audienoe. We regret ws hare -not - space to enter " Into . details of the t entertainment,sufiioe it to state that it was one ofthe pr&fo.; sor's best, audwell meritedtheminyeutogipos passed by those present On Saturday evening Professor Pepper gave tbe last of his entertainments it - ths Uwihanioa' during Us present tour, the pregnane consisting of "A Walk through London," and " Voyages in the air," illustrated, as usutl, by magnificent diagrams. The lecture was again beaitiiy enjoyed bythsaodience. We are glad to IsrnOw the professor, aftrr he has exhibited his celebratad Ghost at Melbourne, intends to visit Ballarat W bis wonderful apparatus, when an opportunity willbe afforded of witnessing a show which hts cwsea astonishment in nsaiiy all parts of the world. Ax Tux Data £tb»et Lbxusb Hail The Homo Industrial ishilnlfcn and Flower 5W» was conHnued, the hall being crowded, renderingpromenadins a very difficult matter. During the evening a sacred concert was renderedby the members 01 the Barkly street Wesleyan choir, neder the leadership *>f Mr Nettle, and the following was thy programmes—Choruses. "Lord..what Is man. "Over the verdant plains of Bethlehem;" solo, ua shall feed hia flock,''by Miss WHeon; ctoresre. •* Awake lhou that sleepest." » Give ear to my wofOfc " The Heavenly pilot-,» and a solo," Ee was defplKa,_ by MIsr C&rnell; On Saturday evening tterewu another good attendance, the music during thepromf nade hsvicgbeeu supplied by Mr Bmun's band tiMUQOKG AT GBIMBiaT'S " i T . A series of swimming matches were conlwted a Grimbtey's baths, GrenvEUe street, on GoodI Frimy. Mr 5. Bonaldson acted as jadge, and Mr F.Eobiflsm as starter. Tbe fjtowfcg wers the resjdtst-B^s under twelva years, W- Collins 1. T. Doobn under foortoen year®, B- Ham 1. J- Kumbj 2 ; n£der eighteen ysars, J. O'Nefl11. J. B«fl*y handicap, & Boyd 1, T. Lyle 2; diving for tj. B6yd 1; running heidexB, W. Collins I; w™" greasy pole, 11 Batten 1; duck hunt, a. Boyd 1;"?- eolalion raoe, 3. Boyd 1, W- LeweU %. Aftor matches were over. a. good sp«ad was provMM^ bost Grimbley, and an enjoyable evening eve: was spent In singing and bandog. " ! 'i'HB Bin,Wirs. Treac, as is nsuJ en Good Friday Eaturdty, was very heavy cu ibe rd'.^y l^^ r. arrivals scd as^arK from the Western etsn-^ ucronumerjus, resulticg In soaeel tbe truss afccg wsy btihind tiiua. . . . 