THE MELBOURIIE EXHIBITION. The neighbouring colony of Victoria has at the present time substantial reason for congratulating herself on her good fortune. It is true there is a serious deficit in the finances of the country.' Judging, too, from the recent debates in Parliament, the strife of political parties is not yet at an end. The reform question is still un settled, and Ministers pleaded for and obtained a grant of further time in which to prepare their exposition of the scheme which they intend to ask the Parliament to endorse. The cry of the unemployed in the streets of Melbourne is not yet Bilenced, though there is good reason to believe that many of this class might obtain work if they would only go into the country instead of desiring to stay in the capital. Victoria has expe rienced a disappointment, too, in the non-fulfilment of the expectation — hoped for against hope — that ..the Prince of Wales would visit Melbourne during the time that the Exhibition remained open. Nevertheless in spite of all these circum stances which might afford an excuse for depression, the neighbouring colony is just now unusually light-hearted. The market success of her recent loan is in itself a most gratifying fact. Of course the comparative success or failure of colonial loans depends very largely upon the state of the English money market at the time when they are floated, and it is evident from the high price obtained for the new Victorian debentures, as well as from the large amount tendered, that there is a plethora of capital in the mother country awaiting investment. The success attending the Victorian Loan may also be taken as an indication that English capi talists are beginning to look with increas ing favour upon the securities which these colonies can offer. Nor are they likely to be disappointed. However much at times the colonies may have to complain of bad cr unwise government, there is no doubt that our resources are so ample and varied as to afford a much better and safer investment to the English capitalist than is to be found in Egyptian bonds or other questionable securities which may offer a higher rate of interest at the risk of the serious depreciation [or the actual loss of the principal. But the chief event in Melbourne at the present time is the Exhibition. Vic toria cannot indeed claim to be the first of the Australian Colonies which hala conceived snd carried into execution the somewhat ambitious project of holding an International Exhibition at which the whole of the civilized world should be invited to compete. The place of honour belongs to Sydney. Not only did she gain the advantage of her younger suter by opening her Exhibi tion a year ago, but we believe that as regards the first inception of the idea she claims priority of Melbourne by a few months. This is a point about which we may fairly assume there will be many a warm dispute in future years between youthful 'Victorians and the youthful inhabitants of New South Wales ; but we have good reason to believe that the facts are as we have stated them, and it is therefore not un interesting to record them. But though in point of time Melbourne takes the second place, she has made a determined effort to outstrip her elder sister in the size of the building and in the magnitude of the undertaking as a whole. Of course, she had the very great advantage of having a longer time in which to mature and to carry out her plans. She was able also to note and to profit by the mistakes which sot unnaturally were made by Sydney in connection with the first International Exhibition ever held south of the Line. How far she has made good use of these advantages it is perhaps at present too early to pronounce. It would be mere affectation to say that all the preliminary arrangements were made without any jarring note being heard. It is to the credit of the sister colony, however, that she seems to have spared no pains to have everything in readiness for the opening day, and that in the general enthusiasm which prevailed on the occurrence of Buch a significant national event all differences seem for the time being to have been for gotten or to have been merged in the pardonable feeling of pride cherished by all Victorians in the celebration of the festival, at which she gave a cordial welcome to the strangers from distant lands who had come to take a part in it, How far International Exhibitions have been and may still be expected to be a success is a question about which there is a great diversity of opinion. Even in Victoria itself there has been a very de cided difference of feeling a3 to the ex pediency of holding such an Exhibition in Melbourne. But the project having been brought to such a successful issue there can be but one sentiment about the matter. We have already congratu lated the neighbouring colony upon this fresh evidence of her boldnes3 and her enterprise, and now that the opening ceremonial has passed off with so much iclat we very cordially repeat our con gratulations. The attendance of the general public at the opening ceremonial and on also Saturday does not seem to have been so large as oa the similar occa sions in Sydney, but the crowds which thronged the streets through which the procession passed on Friday morning afforded ample testimony to the widespread interest which had been awakened in the proceedings. As a mere commercial speculation there is no reason to suppose that the Exhibition will be a source of profit. But we believe it is a mistake to look upon such undertakings simply from this point of view. The most thoroughgoing Victorian who has the most unbounded faith in himself and in his country will not deny that there is much he may yet learn with advantage to himself, and the presence in large numbers of visitors and exhibitors from distant lands can hardly fail to have a beneficial effect upon the colony. A circumstance in connection with tha opening ceremonial exceedingly gratify ing to the loyalty of colonists was the transmission of the Governor's message to the Queen announcing the fact, and the receipt of Her Majesty's reply only a few hours afterwards. Of course as South Australians we cannot fail to be specially interested inj our own court at the Exhibition. It is pleasing to note that this colony makes a better and a more attractive Bhow than she did at Sydney. Although we cannot chum to occupy a high position in regard to manufactures, yet our ex hibits under this head make a creditable display ; and although the space allotted to the colony is comparatively Bmall and the exhibits are not bo numerous as in some of the other courts, we have no reason to be ashamed of our contribution to the International Exhibition now open in Melbourne. It would be out of place on the present occasion to indulge in moral reflections as to the ultimate effect which the Exhibition will have upon Victoria and upon the Australian Colonies generally. We may, however, express the hope that it will be help ful in tending to repress that almost insular pride with which as Australians, shut off by a large expanse of waters from older countries, we are apt to regard our selves and our achievements. In bringing the culture, the experience, and the prestige of older lands into contact with the exuberant energy and elasticity of these younger countries we may reason ably cherish the hope that the best and the happiest results will follow. Tee Ixwabd Mail Steamer.— The B.H.S. Hydaepei armed at Glenelg at abont 9 o'clock on Saturday morning. She briDgs English news up to August 27. Among the passengers for Glenelg we notice the names of the Ber. BichardsonJKeid and Dr. Asties. The Civn. Sitting3.— These sittings will be continued this n.oraiDg at half- past 10 o'clock, -when the hearing in re Formby and Another v. Cherry and Others will be resumed. Saittei, Dh Yom-o's lx solvbhct. — The adjourned final hearing in re the insolvency of Samuel De Young will be continued this morn ing at 10 o'clock. Peppbb's Ghost.— After a very successful tonr in the country Professor Pepper has returned to town tor the purpose of producing, on Saturday text, at Garner1* Theatre, his world-renowned exhibition of ' The Ghost.' He will employ al the apparatus used by him at the London Poly technic, where for yean this marvellous optical illusion was the principal and most popular item in the scientific entertainments there provided. Tee Mabutb Boabd.— The President and Wardens of the Marine Board visited Wool Bay in the Governor Mtugraveon Saturday, October 2, and fixed the site of a jetty there. Nbw CoAsrata Stbaxrk.— From the Scotsman we learn that on August 23 a tef ew steamer of abont 1,000 tons, named the Franklin, was launched at D. k W. Henderson's yard at Glas gow, for an Adelaide firm, and which is intended for the South Australian coasting trade. Fobt GuumLLm.— This fort was opened oa Saturday, October 2, when the four big gam of tbe bMtery were fired off for the first time. The afternoon was cold, and the wind was adverse to correct firiog. Tbe wh6Ie of the proceedings were of an interesting character, and as a whale the day's operations may be regarded as very satisfactory. Thk Cbew of thb Fbtju. Dosha.— Mr. John Thorn' ey, of Hindmarab, writes as follows under date of September 27 :— ' I see iu your issue of this morning an appeal on behalf of the widow of the late master of tbe Prima Donna, and I would suggest that as one of the men (Ned Smith) also left a widow with four young children, the youngest only three months old, that some effort be also mide on her behilf.' ThbGeemait Oixb.— A dinner, to be followed -by a ball, is connection with the German Club will take place to-night in the new Albert Hall ! Pirie- street Aebtval or ah Immorast VBsem..— Tha Corona was sighted from the stations on Sunday at about noon, and as the day advanced she wii becalmed away down south-west. Toward* inn set there was bat little prospect of s breeze, consequently the station steam-cutter mad«a start, and after an boar's steaming ranged along side. There hae been no sickness of ft serious kind on hoard, but half a dozen can* ot whoop ing-cough necessitate the inspection of the Health Officer (Dr. Gething) before the Tes«el U finally passed for harbour. It - was arranged that Mr. Daffield, tbe mustering immi gration officer, should Tisit tbe vessel at an early hour to tike stock of the people on board. Three hundred and ninety-sis persor* embarked at Plymouth, and during the voyage tha sani tary state has been so good that ooly two chil dren died, thus reducing the number arrived to 304\. Of these there are 139 English, 42 Scotch, 209 Irish, and 18 foreigners. They are under the superintendence of Dr. Pendleton, who reports very favourably of tbe general conduct of th« whole of them on tbe voyage. They appear to be a hardworking lot, anxious to get ? labour as scon as practicable. A great number have been selected by their friends, and there i' therefore a good prospect oi their getting easily placed. Bcgot Accidkit.— A serious accident hap. peoed to Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Elliott, of Strathal byn, on Friday evening last at Bchanga. It appears that Mr. Elliott, who had been assisting, at an entertainment in the Institute on tbe previous evening, bad started for Mount Barker, but bad proceeded only a short distance when tbe horse became restive. On sharply turning a corner be locked tbe wheels, and the sudden jerk caused the buggy to capsize. Mrs. Elliott was thrown on to tbe road, and received a very severe wound over the eye, penetrating to the ? bone, and was otherwise much shaken. Mr. Elliott was also hurt by one of the wheels passing over bis shoulder, besides receiving a bad bruise on tbe leg. By some means be was drawn under the trap, from which position he with great difficulty managed to extricate him self. Fortunately the horse whilstdown remained quiet or very serious results might have occurred, as Mr. Elliott was within reach of the animal's hrels. Assistance was soon on the spot, and Mrs. Elliott was conveyed to the Hagen Arms, and Dr. Deane was telegraphed for. The doctor on arrival found that, although the cut was a v«ry severe one, no bones were broken. On Saturday morning Mrs. Elliott, although in much pain, was no worse, and it was intended if practicable to remove her home in the afternoon, but Mr. Elliott wai very stiff .and sore. To-ws Haix PortTLAa Oohcbrts.— Mr. George Robertson is again to be congratulated on the complete success of another concert of the series under bis direction. His third concert was given in the Town Hall on Saturday night before a crowded audience, every part of tha hall being occupied, while the gallery wr.i literally packed. Better proof could not be furnished of the people's appreciation of superior mu»ic, and one could not help feeling grateful to see bow correctly they applauded the best pieces, and demanded their repetition. The pro gramme opened with the performance of Herald's overture to ** ZamjV on the grand organ by Mr. T. H. Jones. Mr. 0. E. Mnmme followed with Blumenthal's song ' My Queen,' for which he was much applauded. Then Mr. F. Winter bottom, B A.M , appeared with his violoncello, and played Gottermann'* 'Le Beve' so admirably that it narrowly escaped being encored. It is an unalloyed pleasure at all times to listen to Mr. Winterbottom's playing, but we do not remember having heard him to more complete advantage than oa this occasion when at a later stage he per formed Fesca's 'Barcarole' and Gounod's ' Berceuse.' The ' Berceuse' was ren dered with rare expression, and it was re peated in response to a clamorous encore. Madame Bobertson was in excellent voice, and sang the romanza in the first act of Verdi's 'Aids.' Those who are familiar with this opera will re collect that the romanza commences with a recitative, and works up gradually into the melody.which ends on a B flat above the line. This is the crowning feature of the composition, and the singer holds the note whilst a passage of eight splendid chords is being played on the piano. Madame Bobertson achieved a grand success in her treatment of the piece, and rather astonished her audience by singing it entirely from memory. She was loudly applauded, and Mods. Bourbaud presented her with a magni ficent bouquet bound with Italian colours. Madame Robertson further on gave Saintin Dolby's song ' When we are old and grey,' and in response to the encore which followed she repeated the last verse. Mr. John Hall played as a solo Artot's ' Souvenir of Bellini' in his usual finished and expressive style, and had to submit to an imperative encore, when be gave ' Auld Hobin. Gray.' Mr. Hall also appeared with Mr. Winterbottom (violoncello), and Mr. Robertson (piano) in Mendelssohn's trio ' Lobgesang,' which was grandly performed, it being a very special treat to the more cultivated portion of the audience. Signor Savrini sang the aria ' Viravviao' from 'La Sonnambula,' and repeated thejallegro in response to a general clamour for his re appearance. His singing of Gatty's patriotic soDg, '-The gallants of England,' was also encored, and he repeated the first verse. There can be no question that Signor Savrini owes much of bis popularity to his somewhat extra ordinary demonstrativeness of manner and the dramatic style of his singing generally. If he displayed less eccentricity in these respects, and were to be judgod solely from the worth of his singing, he would not be no favoured. The leading feature in the second part of the programme was a grand vocal trio of Verdi's from ' Lombardi' by Madame Robertson, Signor Savrini, and Mr. Mumme, with violin obligate by Mr. John Hall, and pianoforte accompani ment by Mr. Bobertson. This trio was written by Verdi in lone of his happiest moods, after the success of a previous opera of his own, and being a violinist himself he was able to put a prelude to it which is a masterpiece and a gem in itself. Mr. Hall played this most delight fully ; indeed, it would be difficult ,to conceive of anjthirjg finer except it wete from a genius. The trio is a hishly emotional description, and many of the soprano and tenor notes are very high and trying to tbe voice. Madame Koberbon sang her part from memory, and seemed to be quite aufait with the piece. It took the house by storm ; even the o:oupants of the gallery got enthusiastic, although it took about a quarter of an hour to perform, and it had to be repeated.. We understand that Mr. Bobertson intends to have this trio given again at his next concert, and certainly tbe warm reception given to it oa Saturday night amply warrants his doing so. Mr. Mumme having sueg in the trio twice, came forward to ting the next number in a rather ex hausted condition, ' The Two Dreams1*— a ?ong of Mr. Robertson's own composition. This was much to be regretted, since tbe song is very pretty, and was specially written in G flat to soit Mr. Mnmme's voice. The melody is 'taking,' and tbe pianoforte accompaniment elaborate, there being a great many changes in the various keys throughout tbe piece. The concert concluded wiih Mr. Jones playing on the grand organ the introduction to ' Faust' and the 'Soldiers' Chorus.' The next and last concert of Mr. Robertson's series will take place on the 16th, when two of Madame Robertson's joung lady pupils are going to sing with her in * trio. It is to be hoped that a few extra con certs will be given under the same direction Lefore the see son closes. Theatrical. News. — Mr. A. Hayman, of Hiscocks & Hayman, the well-known theatrical agents, has just returned from America, accom panied by Miss Louise Pomeroy, an American actress of some celebrity. This lady made her debut in Sydney on Saturday night, and will hereafter visit the other colonies Min Pomeroy is said to be a clever delineator of Shakspearian characters, having appeared with much success as Rosalind, Imogene, Juliet, and Viola. Mr. Hayman has also engaged other performers to follow Miss Pomeroy, among them being Messrs. B. H. Leake, R. McWade, John Owens, and the Harrisons. Scwdat-schooi, Tbeat.— The children at tending tbe Sunday-School in connection with the Unitarian Christian Church, Wakefield street, had their annual picnic on Friday, October 1. They started from town soon after 10 o'clock for Lower Stoneyf ell, the property of Mr. Joseph Crompton, where they had been kindly invited to spend tbe day. The games, &c;, which were provided made tbe time pass very pleasantly to tbe children, who returned borne in good spirits about sunset. Navat OotJBTBeiaa. -*? The interchange of -courtesies between the /French war steamer Finistere and the turret-ahip Cerberus has ex tended from the officers to tbe crews (says the Argu$), and in return to tho entertainment given by the men of the Cerberus, the crew of the Finistc-ra invited the former to loach on Saturday last. Between fifty and sixty of the Cerberus men, with the r band, were present, snd as ibete were more tl an double that number of French sailors as well, the festive gathering was by no means of an nsignificant chatacte .'. The fraternization was complete, especially towards the close of thi proceedings, and the politeness and Vonlwmie of the hosts to the visitors called forth loud and prolonged cheer ing. Tbis form of expressing intense satisfac 1 ion pleased tbe men of the Finistiire .mightily. Sebiots Acctdeht.— On Saturday morning a man named Burke was admitted into the Ade laide Hospital, suffering from severe injuries to ihe head, the result of a large quantity of earth falling upon him. The severity of the injuries has rendered the man unconscious and *m» quently tip to the present time ha has been usable to gi re an; account of himself. A New Maboib Board Bt-£.aw.— As the outcome of the late agitation for the recogni tion of ' runners,' or agents in the engagement of seamen for service at sea, the Marine Board on Thursday last approved a by-law on the subject of the first importance to the mercantile marine. The by-law under consideration com prises five clauses, excluding the form of licence to be issued to the ' runner,' the conditions of ?which have been contained in fifteen paragraphs. The licence authorizes the holders 'to supply | seamen or apprentices for merchant shipa it thi3 j province.' Clause 2 prohibits any unauthorized j penon procuring employment for seamen under a penalty not exceeding £20, and clause 3 renders the person employing such unauthorized person to eDgage seaman liable to a similar penalty. I Under the next provision any person who ' re- I ceives or accepts to be entered on board any j ship any seamen or apprentice' improperly engaged incurs a like risk, except that he can ' prove ignorance of the irregularity, and ' that he could not with reasonable diligence' have obtained a knowledge of the mode of engage ment. The last clause of all imposes a fine not exceeding £10 for receiving greater than the j prescribed fees for procuring seamen employ- | ment, but indentures of apprentices have been expressly excluded from the operation of the by-law, provided the amount of the pre mium has been inserted in the indentures. One i duty of the runner will be to see his seamen put on board at the time specified in the articles in ' a sober state, if possible, and to secure their effects on board at the same time. If a seaman should fail to go aboard at the proper time and cause a vessel to be delayed, the agenc shall find a substitute free of additional expense, who must be sent aboard at the anchorage in the presence of an officer from the Shipping Office. The licensed person shall not otherwise get substitutes for names entered on the articles. The agent has to keep an office open for busi ness during the same hours as the Shipping Office, and be may be called upon at any time to provide seamen, and shall do all in his power to assist in obtaining them. He must make a j monthly return of his business to the Superin tendent of Mercantile Marine, and immediately report to the Board any infringement coming to his knowledge of the Merchant Shipping Act or Marine Board Acts. He may employ a bona fide clerk, with the permission of the Shipping Master, to transact his business during absence, bat he shall not take any person into partner ship with him in any way unless the sanction of the Marine Board be Erst obtained. He must not possess any interest while holding the licence in a i public-house, or a wine or spirit vault, or a shop, or a beer or coffee shop; and must when required produce to the officers of the Shipping Office his book* used in his business as agent. The licence has been made subject to be revoked when required by the Marine Board. A form has been given for entering particulars of the trans action, showing the full names of seamen, their age, place of birth, last vessel, where discharged, date of discharge, if deserted, date of deser tion, vessel engaged, signature of the seamen in question. In considering the by- law, Captain Smith raised the point whether it could be made to apply to foreign ships. As there was a divided opinion thereon, it wrs referred to the Crown Law Officers. Subject to tbe possible insertion of the word ' British,' if necessary, the by-law was duly made. Psbx Footbaix Club Atotktic Sports.— These sports were held on the Queen and Albert Oval on Saturday, in the presenoe of about 300 persons. The following are the results:— One Hundred Yards Flat Bace (first twenty). — Five entries. Prize, plated preserve-cruet. N. Frayne, 1 ; J. McKenzie, 2 ; Era. Le Messurier, 3. One Hundred Yards Flat (second twenty). — Eleven entries. Prize, patent cruet. H. Coffin, 1 ; E. Rann, 2 ; N. McBachera, 3. Throwing Cricket Ball. — Five entries. Prize, cricket bat. T. Fletcher, 93 yds. One Hundred and Fifty YardsHurdleBace (Handicap).— Eleven entries. Prize, silver hunting watch. Era. Le Messurier (scratch), 1; G. Gliddon (3 yds.), 2; N. McEachern (3 yds.), 3. Putting the Shot (16* lb-).— Six entries. Prize, nickel silver clock. G. Playfair, 32 ft. ; J. Carter, 31 ft. 64 in. ; J. Gattens, 31 ft 4 in. One Hundred Yards Three- legged Eace.— Five entries. Prize, two plated preserve-cruets. J. McKenzie and Frayne, 1 ; Hounalow and Kann, 2. Drop kick (first twenty).— Seven entries. Prize, silver-plated biscuit-barrel. G. Gliddon (62 yds.), 1 ; others not within bounds. Drop-kick (second twenty). — Six entries. W. Pyne (55 yds. 2 ft.), 1. Quarter-Mile Handicap Flat race.— Five entries. Prize, writing-desk. Messenger (scratch), 1; Wildren (3 yds.), 2. Football Place-kick.— Eight entries. Prize, smoker's lamp. T. Fletcher (62 yds.), 1. Tug of-war.— Two teams (Carter's and Fletcher's). Prizes, twelve silver lockets. Fletcher's - side won. Two Hundred and Twenty Yards Handi cap Hurdle Bace. — Seven entries. Prize, pair Derby shoes. Era. Le Messurier (5 yds.), 1 ; G. Gliddon (5 yds.), 2. Eunning High Jump. — Four entries. Prize, silver fish knife and fork. G. Gliddon, 4 f t. 9 in. ; E. Le Messurier, 4 ft. 8 in. Hall-Mile Handicap Flatrace,— Twelve entries. Frst prize, gold hunting watch (pre sented by Mrs. T. Smith), J. McKenzie (scratch), 1 ; 2nd prize, plated tea and coffee set, W. Beid (10 yds.), 2; N. McEachern (10 yds.), 3. Banning and Bouncing Ball, One Handled and Fifty Yards.— Nine entries. Prize, pair running shoes. W. Pyne, 1 ; E. O. Le Messurier, 2. Consolation Stakes, One Hun dred and Fifty Yards.— Six entries. Carter, 1 ; F.Willimott,2. Me. Buewktt's Tbxfbbamcb Work.— The last of Mr. Burnett's series of mass meetings took place at Kent Town on Saturday evening, October 2. Previous to the meeting a torch light procession started from the Wesleyan Chapel, and, preceded by the Magill Brass Band, inarched through the streets of Kent Town and the adjacent places. Two noticeable features of the ^procession were the burning of bluelighls and a special address delivered by Mr. Burnett to the brickmakers near the works. Mr. Bur nett was heartily cheered by the men, and iu return called foe cheers for them and their employers, which were enthusiastically given. Arrived at tbe place of meeting, the largest crowd that Mr. Burnett has yet addressed iu the suburbs gathered round the wagon, where Mr. Burnett introduced Mr. Bone as Chairman, remarking that as it was a working man's meet ing it was only right that a working man should preside over it. Mr. Bone said that on previous occasions they had been presided over by gentle men whose social position was higher than his, but be claimed to be what those men were not, viz., a teetotaller. He reminded the working men that they were citizens of a free State, and possessed all the political liberty any man coald have, but to show themselves worthy of it they should be men of sobriety, and should try to build their lives on the grand principles of purity and truth, and help to make this beauti ful country great and glorious, as well as free, by banding down to future generations a heritage of imperishable principles. Mr. R. GUI also spoke on the advantages of a tem perate life. He pointed out if a working man, by abstaining from drink, put by one shilling a day it would amount to £18 5s. a year, and would be more than sufficient to clothe himself, his wife, and his family. Mr. Burnett thanked most cordially all who had assisted him in carrying out these meetings, and referred to the assis tance be had received from the police, making especial mention of Sergeant Irvine and Cor poral Pascoe. He had set his heart upon getting 2,000 persons to take the pledge— 1,862 had done so already— and he had no doubt that before be left tbe number would be complete. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Burnett for the work which be had done for the temperance cause daring h» visit to the dis trict. Mr. Burnett entered upon his fifth and last week's mission in Sent Town and that dis trict on Sunday last. At 5.30 p.m. he specially addressed tbe brickmakers and their families at the_ Norwood Brickyards, numbers of them having on the previous evening joined the tem perance crusade. Subsequently Mr. Burnett delivered his last Sabbath's address in the Jubilee Churcb,Kent Town, which was crowded to overflowing. The subject of the address was btsed upon Genesis, 6th chapter 3rd verse. There could not be less than 400 remain to the second meeting. The service throughout was the most successful of the series held. Iu another mlnmn trill be found a programme of Mr. Burnett's meetings for the week. The Chcissb Iiouoeatiom Bill.— Speaking of this measure, the Australasian says : — ' The Legislative Council of South Australia dealt in a summary way with tbe Bill that had been in troduced, in a very time-serving spirit, to restrict Chinese immigration. There was really as little to say for the measure on the plea of necessity as on that of justice. The Bill, indeed, repre sented nothing but the panic and selfishness of the working classes and tfce unminly subser viency of the average politician. Members of the Council, not sharing either of these senti ments, made short work of the Bill, and ejected it on its second reading by 13 votes to 3. Hon. gentlemen felt that they were discussing a piece of sham and unreality, and thoroughly entered into the spirit of tbe occasion.' Post WesletasJBasd of Hops.— The annual meeting of this Band of Hope was held at the Wesleyan Sehoolrcom^ort Adelaide, on Friday, October L The Kev. A. Stubbs presided. A capital programme was presented, including 8?n8*' '^fc**0118* «ddrestes, and musical selec tions. The band numbers between sixty and seventy members, who manifest great interest in the proceedings. A special committee had bought a piano costing £44, for use at the monthly entertainments. Chchch Asxiyersabt. — Tea and public meetings in connection with the anniversary services of the Norwood Wesleyan Church are to be held this evening. ENGLISH AMD AVSTBAIXUI COFPBB COKPAST, Limited. — The half-yearly meeting of the above Company was held in August at the City Terminus Hotel, Cannon- street, the Chairman (Mr. K. A. Routh) presiding. Accord ing to a London paper, the Directors, in their report, stated that during the six months ending December 31 laat the gross quantity of ore, regulus, and precipitate re ceived from varioui jminea was 3,235 tons, as against 4,718 tons for the corresponding six months of the previous year. The quantity of ore, regulus, and precipitate smelted at Port Adelaide and Newcastle works was 5,156 tons, as against 4,533 tons. The quantity of copper made was 855 tons, as against Sll tons ; and the quantity of copper shipped from and sold in Australia was ccO- tons, as against S10 tons. Tbe net earnings of the Companyrs Wharf at Port Adelaide were £1,510, as against £1,562 for the corresponding half-year. At the tine of the general meeting, held on February 19 of this year, the price of Burra Burra copper was £77 10s. per ton. It was row quoted at £70 per ton. This statement showed a profit on the six months' working of £2,590 ] 2s., which the Directors proposed to carry forward. The reserve stood at £10,335 83. 10d. The Ohair msn, in laying before the proprietors the above statement, thought that b very fair profit had been arrived at, seeing that copper was now quoted lower than it was last February. He was happy to Bay that several mines which had ceased working were gradually coming into work again, and they should, no doubt, then get a larger quantity of ore from them, and, of course, a'larger profit. With regard to the Far Nbrtb, the railway was rapidly being m»de. It was commenced in 1S73, and now there were eighty miles opened, and another sixty miles was being rapidly pushed forward. When this railway was completed they would be able to touch upon a large number of mines which at present were almost unworkable on accountof the difficulty in transporting the ore. The question would then arise whether they would be able to smelt as cheaply as other ComDanies. There was no doubt that they could. They could get coals cheaply, and he was confident they would be able to smelt at a very good profit. He thought the Directors were very wise in de ciding to carry over the £2,500 to the end of the; ear, when he had every reason to believe they would be able to give the proprietors a dividend. The Chairman concluded by remark ing that the late strike of the colliers did not affect the Company, as the Directors had taken the precaution of keeping a large stock in. A shareholder was of opinion that the £2,500 in question ought to be divided without waiting until the end of the year. The Chairman said that the Directors had given the question long consideration, and they were still of opinion that the dividend should be reserved. The report having been adopted, the meeting ter minated with the usual vote of thanks to the Chairman. Theatre Rotal.— At this house on Saturday night the audience much resembled those to be seen there daring the rest of the season which is cow aproaching its close. The gallery and pit were filled, and the stalls were well patronised, with a not over-numerous dress circle. That old stock piece, ' The Colleen Bawn,' which seems to have lost none of its charms for the lovers of the sensational, was produced, and went down very well. Mr. Roberts appeared as My lesnaCop paleen, and played the smuggling, poaching, good hearted vagabond very effectively. We liked him better in this character than in that of Conn the Shaugaraun, for whose impersonation so stout a man is hardly well fitted physically to excel. Mr. Roberta's singing is always good, and adds veryjmuch to the attractiveness of his at all times artistic acting. Miss Clara Lemore as Eily O'Connor made a pretty peasant girl, and played with a good deal of power, but in the matter of brogue, which comes in the way of the success of most actresses in Irish parts, she was hardly as much at home as she ought to have been. Miss Watt-Tanner appeared as Mrs. Cregan, a sort of character she is not in the habit of assuming, and which is in fact out of her line, but played it very respectably. Miss Maggie Knight hardly came up to one's idea of Anne Chute, but at the same time gave a very good interpretation of the put from her point of view. Sheelah was represented by Miss Essie Jenyna in a creditable manner. Mr. W. J. Holloway was as effective as usual in the representation of Kyrle Daly, the make-up being excellent; and the Hardress Cregan of Mr. Herbert Fleming was alsoj a good performance. Mr. Fred Thome of course filled the part of the informer and process-server Coirigan, and secured the usual hearty hissing in the last scene, when he retires before the toe of Myles's boot on his way indirectly to the horse pond. Mr. Douglas acted Father Tom, which we fancy is hardly in his line. Mr. Arthur Elliott had the somewhat thankless duty of representing Danny Mann, and was fairly effective, especially in the death scene. Mr. Hans Phillips appeared as Bertie O'Moore; Mr. Walter Carle as Hyland Creagh, and Mr. Neil O'Brien as Patsy. To-night Mr. W. J. Holloway takes his farewell benefit, when the nautical drama ' Ship Ahoy !' is to be played. The ArsTRiAM Bakd ahd the South Aus tralian Military Band.— We understand that twelve South Australian instrumentalists have been engaged to play in Melbourne at the Ex hibition. An impression seems to have gained ground in Adelaide that they were to join the Austrian Band, but we are informed that this is not correct. It has also been stated that arrangements had been made with the South Australian Military Band to join the Austrians, but this is not the case. It is intended, if time allows, to arrange for the Austrian Band to play in Adelaide on arrival by the Acon cagua. Heavy Fleeces. — Shearing is now progressing at the Narracoorte Station, and the clip promises to he very good. The Kan-acom-te Herald has been supplied with the weights of a few of the heavy fleeces :— '.Three fonr-tooth rams weighed 14 lb., 14 lb., and 16 lb. respectively ; twenty one four-tooth rams averaged 12 lb. ; sixty-three two-tooth rams averaged 10 lb. 3 oz. ; and forty six two and four tooth ewes averaged SJ lb. Four Murray rams have just been received, and their excellence can be readily gauged when we mention that the fleeces of two weighed 17 lb., one 13 Id., and the other 12 lb.' Tbickett at Putkby.— Our Special Corre spondent, writing on August 27, sajs : — ' Both Trickett and Lnycock may now be said to be hard at work, and both are in the best of health, and do plenty of rowing and walking exercise. Mr. John Thompson is expected at Plymouth to-day, and he will at once go to Putney to look after Trickett. There is nothing particular to report beyond this. Both men are sanguine of success, Laycock being in great form for his match against Blackman. On September 4 Hanlon leaves New York in the steamship City of Richmond, and it is after his arrival that more interest may be expected to be taken in the match. Hanlon will bring with him a new white, cedar boat, built by J. & G. Harin, of Toronto. Backers of both Trickett and Laycock may rest assured that they are both now in the best of health, and doing good, steady, hard work.' Successful Jockeys.— The Australasian says — 'T. Hales and W. Yeomans, the well-known jockeys, may now be ranked among the landed proprietors of Australia, as they have given' £ll,C00 far a station on the Darling.' Cetkwayo.— The Cape limes of August 28 says :— 'The performance at the circus last night was under distinguished patronage, for His Majesty the ex-King of the Zulus, accompanied by Captain Poole, B-A., and staff, occupied one of tbe boxes. When we say staff, we, of course, refer to those fortunate Zulus who were caught with the king in the kraal near Unkoiameo's, and became, through the accident of opportunity, their monarch's fellow-prisoners. Seeing them in the early days of their captivity and again last night, we must say that they appear none the worse for their captivity. Cetewayo has lost little of his physique and none of his spirits. He was altogether in good form last night, and his first appearance in public would suggest that civilized life, even with its restric tions, may be enjoyable even to a barbarian. But Cetewayo always conducts himself with great decorum. He has evidently a keen sensitiveness and a haughty desire to suppress all indications of surprise. But he thoroughly enjoyed the entertainment at the circus, and manifested his delight in a moit unmistakable way.' A Novel Idea. — 'Atticus' in the Leader writes : — ' I have received a pamphlet from a Mr. W. G.Hearne, who asserts that he has dis covered a method of curing diseases which bids fair to render the profession of medicine any thing but a lucrative one. Out of 11,471 deaths from disease, which occurred in Melbourne, Mr. Hearne believes that 7,221 might have been prevented had he b«en entrusted with the care of the patient. He proposes, therefore, a sort of wager by battle with the medical profession. A sum of £1,000 is to be deposited in a Bank, and each competitor is to take under his medical treatment 1,000 persons for six months, and the doctor whose * death-rate average* is the smallest win*. Thisis very amusing forthedoctors ; bat what about tbe patient ? The corpora ri'a are to bind themselves to sties to tbeirselected surgeon, and to follow out his treatment to the letter, eo matter what the result may be. Change of residence even is prohibited, and, killed or cured, the patients must stick to their first selection. I am afraid that Mr. Hearne is too sanguine. He thinks too well of human nature. It is true that, in the abstract, it matters little if some dozen people die so that some hundreds be benefited. But one cannot get prosaic folks — who mat/ be the dead onu — to look at the matter in* this light. I am afraid, moreover, that the doctors would care but little to push the experiment to a conclusion. How would the gentleman with the highest death-rate feel ?' 