TUESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1880. BY the licence of Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen the association hereto- fore known as the Adelaide Philosophical society has been, in compliance with the humble petition of its members, converted into "The Rpyal Society of South Aus- tralia." The fact was officially announced by the President (Professor Tate. F.G.S.) t the annual meeting of the Philosophical which was held on Tuesday, the th inst. What advantage will accrue to science or to the society itself in conse- queuce of the assumption of the more pre- tentious title is a question which must be left to the determination of time. The achievements of the Philosophical Society in the world of science have not been of a very remarkable or important character. As a matter of fact it has always been immeasurably behind the societies in the other colonies which have kindred ob- jects in view. Efforts have been made from time to time to elevate its status, but none of them have been crowned with any great degree of success. The leading members generally deserve credit for their patient endeavors to awaken interest in scientific subjects, but their labors have too commonly resulted in disappointment. The South Australian colonists, it must be confessed, have not been remarkable for their devotion to science, and the general apathy with which subjects of this kind have been re- garded by the public has been closely imi- tated by every Ministry that has been in office since responsible government was established amongst us. Our public library, though containing many valuable works, has been generally thought of as a circulating library; the colonial museums for want of space in which to exhibit a very valuable collection, has hardly been worthy of the name; and years elapsed before the Parliament could be pre- vailed upon to establish an obser- vatory, which even now is carried on only upon a limited scale. The Botanic Gardens, co charming as pleasure grounds, have been the only establishment in which science has been cultivated with marked suc- cess, though it is to be feared that the number of students who make use of the opportu- nity it affords for acquiring botanical knowledge small. It most be admitted that under such unfavorable circumstances a Philosophical Society could not be expected to achiere very much. If the men of science have not been wanting there has been a lack of means or system. The student of geology could find no well-arranged collection by which the facts or theories inscribed in the textbooks could be verifiedor elucidated. The same difficulty has stood in the way of the systematic study of mineralogy. Similar causes have prohibited the cultivation of entomology and other branches os natural history. The investigation of the laws and phenomena of electricity and magnatism has been confined to the labors of Mr. Todd, ,C.M.G., who alone has possessed the resources and appliances which are required. The colony in fact has till recently done little worth speaking of for science, and the Legislature has not till lately established chools (sic) in which the elements of science can be taught. The development of scientific tastes has been left to the chapter of accidents, and to the exertions of a few whose labors have been prosecuted under ctemt dif- ficulties and with little encouragement. The Legislature has acceded to the so- ciety's application for pecuniary aid, and we may hope that this is the beginning of better things. The operations of the so- ciety appear to hare been confined to the .collecting >and reading of fragmentary papers on isolated subjects, not always of intrinsic interest, and sometimes of com- paratively small scientific value. The way in which they were formerly printed and circulated was not favorable to their collec- tion and preservatives, and until within the last year or two there was little to be seen as the result of the yearly operations of the societly. At one time the Rev. J. E.U *?c time the Rev. J..E. iTenison Woods delivered a course of lectures on geology, and although Professor Tate hazarel«iards*the' opinion that it once was thought fashioQabb to attend die Jectures {of the Philosophical Society, they failed in i that instance, as in almost erery other instance within our knowledge, to attract any large amount of interest, so that the jlecturer finding that bis exertions yipa? almost thrown away abandoned Jbis r task. iThe want of a suitable col6c]3^n "of s«|?Bci-' linens by which the lectjf??Sycoubl %?Ve"j been Ulustrated doubdessWwnbiMlto^ the comparative failure of the lee tare r'flti efforts. If that ftetiud/been pressed up«i ■ I the consideration of *£he Government of tbat day some assistance would probably i have been foi^hcoming. With this attempt ' all systematic*attempts at scientific in struction fell to the ground, and'the Phlle soithicaJ Society continued to follow its . esultory course of readings and conver- saziones. From the annual report it is in some degree satisfjactory to note that there is a promise of improvement. We are told that— "In order toeneoarageand to assist printe te*«-arch, and to place the information that acquired permanently upoo rocotd. tke sooiety reaolred early in tbe eeeeion toestabliah local comspondents throughout the province, and to •obtain the sen kiss of eompeteot referees in tbe various Branches of natural history. This scheme has been folly matured by the oooaeil, and tbe assent of tbe members will beaskedto certain alterations in tbe roles necessitated by the former rasolatuos of tbe society open this subject. The plaat baa already prddoaed good resnlts, and it is bopad that wben in fall opera tion it wiU load to aha aonunnlation of a large noaabar of facts, which wotld otborwisa ha?e wmainod anknown, to llw siikijiln 'wia'M Tbe ' Govemnent subsidy, which has been received for the first time this year, will assist is meeting , the iacroaatd expenditor* incorred by the en largeaaatftof &c; sphere of action ot tbe oseiety, whose nsafnlnass wifl only be limited by tbe numbers of tbe sokeoribeca to its f nods." This is doubtless a step in the true direc tion, as also is the suggestion that it would be advisable to supplement the technical ' papers which constitute the transactions of the society with lectures of a more popular .character. The interest taken in the monthly meetings of the Royal Society would no doubt be greatly increased by ■ such lectures, which if properly carried out j might be the means of assisting many in the pursuit of science. Professor Tate, however, does not propose to regulate such lectures upon any well-defined plan. He rejects the idea that it lies within the province of the society to impart ele mentary knowledge. He soys:— j "Out Meetings are held for the purpose of having new facts, or new vicars of the bearing of admitted facto, or corrjctioui of important | errors broogbt before os for ditru*?iau. and not ! : for more efeaieotary iosuuctiou, tncri ;U ««n« j of us could probably testify ai to hotr much may be incidentally learned through a ooaataut \- attendance at the meetings. A middle conrie ia r however, open by which we may hope to acquire popularity without io any parHeula impeding the attainment ot the higher object ■of tbe sooiety —that is, by the delivery o ; popular expositions of recent'advances or o j new dJ*ooveris?iKasieoo?ataUs*aa*ive monthly or fortnightly meeliag*; these may be arranged ?o a* to be itftrodoetoty to technical papers io ' be aubmittao at a subsequent meeting." 11 may be true that the Royal Society , ought not to be expected to impart elemen tary knowledge, but it must be apparent to every one that without elementary know ledge it is impossible to follow out any I branch of science, and that advanced lec tures on scientific subjects are not of much value to those who are not acquainted with the rudiments of their subjects. Without I going far out of its way the Royal Society might use its influence to promote the es tablishment of lectures which should afford a reasonable insight into the first principles of the natural sciences, and if that were : dove a certain and valuable increase in the members of the society would be secured, and its influence and usefulness widely extended. To all who are interested in scientific investigations it must be a matter of regret that there has been a falling-off in the i number of the members of the society. The conditions under which it has existed, which have been partially noticed above, may afford some slight explanation of the fact. Other causes, however, have operated to impair the usefulness of the society, and to check that harmonious working amongst its members upon which the success of its labors must in a great measure depend. It is evident to those who have watched the career of the Philosophical Society that Professor Tate, whose high attainments and scientific reputation everybody admits, has not done much to promote harmonious co operation. The unwarrantable attack he made in one of his annual reports upon the curator of the museum, and the scene it gave rise to at one of the meetings of the Philosophical tSociety, have not been for gotten. His very scanty courtesy and bis unflagging self-seeking have deprived him cf the countenance and co-operation of many persons whose assistance in his capa city e|ther as" president of the society or professor in the University he cannot afford altogether to despise. If, a* -he asserts, ihe sqeiety owp* i'tiie press 'no ■ tbanks,4he press Wes still -less to Pfof&sor; Tate. It is well for him to say that" com mendations which swould sustain us, criti cisms which mignt have stimulated us, have not been accorded to the society in these its early help in the work tjf intellectual' regeneration. We have simply ..been ignored." What the society has done towards intellectual regene ration may be judged by those who have watched its course. It is not true to say that the press has ignored the Philosophical Society; it is true, however, that die ex-president of that society in the person of Professor Tate has ignored the press. He has obstructed it in every way ; that he could. He has constantly refused to furnish it with copies of tiia papers read before tiro uOiiiijty wUSn^r&jffMtedTor; ptib- , lication. He has even objected to reporters taking shorthand notes of their contents. 'Not very long ago a gentleman who had prepared c, p&pAr;&r;&e; eocWy- was-wm -pelled to withdraw -it fconwtbe-bands of the secretary because it was refused to the press. Mr. Tate must strangely misinter prettheTiosition of the conductors of the press of this colony if he. expects them to take a society by the hand and glorify its , doings when its president throws every ob stacle in their way to .prevent its transac calculatad to advance the interests of| science, or to add to the'preMlgi of the! ? societyuteelf. Our leading c^olantes^hsrd advocated over and-ovCT of enlarging the museum, of establishing gwology and'of mines; «* Ibund ing an &r;|pallery and other institutions, by means oi which j cpali be I trained tb'^e apprtciatioirw^oience'and' art journaLpoasessing, and worthy of influence could afford to ignore' the claims that science has on the public, or the influence it exercises on civilization. We are not called upon to institute com- : patison^between the intellectual standard. | of. rbe'pVess of this colony and that of the ■' j nelghboi?ng coTdhies, but if we were to JS^altiocaetyfe Victoria and the Linnsean Society in JT?w South Wales, with that exteadad^o it in thja colony by the late Pre aident of Society, the latter would suffer immensely by the com parison. However, the_aociety has been changed into the Roj^Sode^r of Santa Australia. His Honor the Chief Justice has become its president instead of pro fessor Tate, and we may confidently look forward to a better state of things in the future.. ■ ■ | [ The latest intelligence to hand from South Africa rather increases the anxiety felt with' regard to the relations at present «TJqtingr letween the Cape Government and the Baautos. Becent telegrams announce the unpleasant fact that the latter have keen joined by the Tambookies and the I Gcalekas; the Amampondo nation, lying j on the immediate southern border of Natal, are described as being restless, and the; filtering in of numerous armed Zulus upon; j the outskirts of Basatoland is. also announced. All these facts being con- I •adored there is without doubt much cause for alarm. All the Kafir races cling: most tenaciously to the possession of fire-: arms, to obtain which they will labor for many months; and various other peoples who, besides the Basotos, have been in-; eluded in the Disarmament Act, have, although some have sent in thousands of guns, chafed considerably at its enforce-' ment. Gape and Natal papers have at different times reportel ao many hundred guns tm bavin? been surrendered both by- Zulus and the tribes of British Kafiraria, but it has been found out that, to a very great extent,nselesa old guns had been given i up and die efficient ones retained. Ba this as it mar, it la nevertheless certain that all { the people operated upon by the Act in question will have a feeling in common, which to a great extent will induce them to act together. The Tamboolriea, or, pro perly speaking, the Amatembus, were when first heard of living to the southward of Natal, between the Umtata and Basbee Rivera. They had a chequered career during the stirring and eventful times in British Kaffraria, when for years there was hard fighting between the British tnd the Amaxosas, and 2. the natives were suffering the direst extremi ties from intestine broils and faction fights, which iv ferocity and annihilation bid fair to emulate the struggle of the cat 4 of Kilkenny. The Gcalekas, who it now eeenis arc going band in glove with the Tambookies, formerly chased the latter with great slaughter from their original t bodes, and forced them beyond the Kei; but at length, in a state of utter destitution they sought for and obtained British pro tection, in the Kafir war following this event they were therefore neutral, but in the " War of the Axe" of 1846 they are again found arrayed upon the side of the enemy. But the conclusion of the war of lboif found them again almost crashed by the Imperial troops until after a second time tendering their allegiance a settlement of them was effected, and a tract of country to the west of a river called the Inden6, and named the Tambookie location, was re served for their use, and their old queen, None&i;, invited to return to them. All tiie lands formerly belonging to the Amatembus or Tambookies were then forfeited, al though a number of Tambookies who had escaped annihilation did not avail them selves of Government protection, but retired on to a place since called Tembuland; and these, in common with the Tambookie immigrants upon the location, have increased with surprising celerity, thus affording another illustration of the wonderful physical hardihood and fecundity that enables South African tribes to become possessed of such surprising vitality. By the latest statistics the fighting men of Tembuland proper are eet down at 10,000, whilst there aTe 7,000 warriors of that nation living within the location lately allotted to them. Although Christianity has not made much progress amongst the Tambookies there are two or three European missionaries laboring for their conversion. In other respects they have for some years past shown cheering signs of im fwvemeut, cultivating and quantities of tobacco leaf and. grazing a sufficient number «f abeep^o^unrish-thmti yearly with more titan 300 bales of wool. There one about twenty patting -stations i£ their country, where a .profitable business was carried on by the Bale _of clothing, blankets, -ploughs, and other aanafacttma articles, and by thejnmfhase of their pro dace. At last it was suggested thar,tke tribe should be permannntly fgt^le j pn toe north-east part of the CMinby. JOang?lisi^? the paramount Tembu. chief, * agnieev this, but bis mother, the* old cbjjef taine?? Nonesi, wbo still raled a secfea* of declined file offer. Sheiiras therefore deposed, and *he location brakjssi up. Having teen beaten by they applied to be received as British sub jects in 1874, their request was acceded to, and since that time they nave been i nder ihe jurisdiction of «n officer who re ceives his instructions from the Secretary for Native -Affaire at the Cape. Subse < uentJy the tribe complained that their ibief was nof treated wiHi the respect that ibey considered doe to Aim. la Ta^ he Tfas deprived t&GoA; state .'«nl ?ufjiority 'which ihe' other -cliie&ln; British Kaffraria retained, -#b- hn^faaips wita Hood Gat be could rot with 4feStfecy-I>e *mpteyefl -as an- «ffieer under accorded a pensfo? ':3t ||V'f Tew, TUfiSl openly aa well as practically set asjde/^p. -the consequence has :i'esties>o&s; amongst 4he Tembookra ev&~&iiH;?;~whlch it was predicted in i 876 would eventually .cense ,them to take jap arms if they coald find a pretext, and-tbat pretext has now been afforded dfeir sympathy Cwilh iha^Baantoa/jfiythftiuftliii ofillte Act of DfeanoM?eDt; wawt-of course has beenappUedtotwfliirfthem.l. Ihe Gcaleias,wim just before thelB77-8 war in theiJape Colony eoild put 11,000 stalwart warriors into the field, were located mfritieh Eajfttaria. jn ISSB under their chief SazilL The Governor of the Cape having detected him in instigating the neighboring tribes to rebellion, had >£hen intimated to shim Ahat jJLJie persisted "in so ~florog%e would* be "jwnisbed'^ vn Sarili de^^fl to ia 1858 a detachment of frontier ■nabAand mounted' pji?ceSraa-sent over the^Ssf and "Orovo Aim asd -the renmaTitTof hts people across the Bashae. - she ■vacant "territory remainedjn the ■oobapsSon «Ttbe police Jor a while,'until it was panefled «tat*mong different tribes.- After the Gcalekas had somewhat recovered their strength it became necessary to;allot ugiem a fiace.fo live in, and so vi order to. give them aeme thing that was worth Jiring peacefully to conserve, their old temtory, was leetored to them,^sd since that time they lived in peace tmtil in AogoEt, 1877, they again became obnoxious by, unolvuu? tbemselree with the Amafengu er Fiagoes, wbo htd long been faithful allies of flre British, and who had been located upon come of their choicest pastures. The row began on the occasion of a fingo wedding to which car tain Gcalekas had been invited. The guests misbehaved themselves, end the Rnsoes drove tbena sway. Upon that a body of : armed Gcalekas returned, and a tribal war was started. Bat Ihe Emgoes, as being Bri tish subjects,-were not empowered to con duct a war on their own account, and there fore it was necessary that we ahonld fight for them or that there should be no fighting. The Gcalekas were anted as they might choose to arm themselves or might be able; while the Hagoesooold only possess such arms as we permitted them to use. It thus I became necessary that we ahonld defend them; andeo the Governor of the Cape, who is also High Commissioner tat die mamgement of fl? natives. instrnctedCoin mandantGr|ffitbtp«nu£fonreparationfor the injuries thus inflicted onlkttisli subjects, and the demand J?ot being complied wUb, General Theaigar (now I*ri Chetmsfntd), backed by the Jingoes and the Cape Colony volunteers, took the field against: tbem, and tilling tbe chief Sandflli, effected the subjugation of his tribe.in 1878, The information with which the late telegram alluded to concludes is ifl"" of considerable importance. It announces that tne Amamjondos are rastiesp. This tribe, which can place 90,000 warriors in the field, is on the ftmtbeni border of Natal, and a neighbor of the TambooMes and Gcaletas above alluded to. and their interests are in common. Under the reign of the late chief Faku, who was long a starch ally of the British power, the Amampondos were peaceable enough, but after the old chief died he was succeeded by a comparatively impe tuous son named Umqikela, with whom the Cape Government had some jtronble in 1879, the immediate cause of hostilities being the jealousy existing be tween the Pondos, under Umqikela, and the Xesibes, one of the sections of that tribe, which was absolved by a proclama t on of Sir Bartle Frere from its allegiance to Umqikela, and declared with other tribes to have come under British protec tion. The Xesibes and ihe Pondos have been'antagonists, of old, the former being the original owners of the soil, the Utter a people driven out of Natal by Tachaka and Dingaan, and continual cattle wars have since occurred. The Xesibes, however, have been placed under British protec tion, were forbidden to retaliate, and it was for their defence against an army of Pondos that hostilities were commenced. Umqikela being alarmed at the massing of a considerable force on his borders, sub mitted, and made the reparation that was required of him. The history of these wars seems to show that the Cape Govern ment consider the best way to protect a people is to disarm them and deprive them of the power to protect themselves. The arrival of the e.s. Orient may be ex pected at any time. She is now thirty-eight days oat from Plymouth. The Orient line steamship Cuzco sailed from Large Bay for London at 5 p.m. on Mon day, October 11, with 2,857 bales of wool for the November sales, and 48 tea* of sundry measure ment cargo. A -well-attended meeting was held in tbe Town Hall on Monday evening to aoosider the action of the Legislative Oooneil in throw ing out Mr. Bray's Chinese Immigration BQL His Worship the Mayor (Mr. K. T. Smith, M^.> presided. Besolations were nitmittnil nimi ing tbe Council for throwing oat a Bill wbioh. was introduced for the interests of the people of this colony; thanking Mr. Bray and* other members of both Hooaes who had «qmortea tbe Bill, and affirming tbe deajnblenefrof taking sieps to secure the return of jnembata to -botb Bota?e* at the next deotion pMgedinftvor of tie Bill; and they were all oarried ateMt uauimonsly. Mr. Stay yns not present, but Mrssrs. F. todte, A. UrmiagK, T. Johnson, end Ocnnei?or Zanders «pbke warmly in enppoit of the Bill, and tteir cemarkL tttti «t«rib of flMaass?uaarigfat?W met •jamta?feile*aa?proralofwjsaa*taiee, Xhe uanoaamaaion tot 1*? ij^M«fc-rt OftnwH Cot <4fc*wsaffbirtMr.Bray <a BUNwswed aimitobo ifsassj^wkU aaaa i—ins ,To?4eli?s«s*oe*f the >Baa. Ai Campbell, MX.O, :oa ahe 'Ohrnese • ejoaAiarnvmoaaraatenseaby astiwratapaafears fcmpbttttuivfatfal andeloqamtapeeahiraad eUaaaawwbAsgscdtojtbe?Ul wt«m?B?tod r'act* famkli ■ wua chat of 4ha> Hon. J- Dunn, iaAMriMHriaak isugfenag a «akv against the osiamasoiatsed by him durinrhis emdidatsxe • Araiestian' to the OonaoU was •tigaistusd as \--neDti<>d..parjar7. A Tata of thanks to the jjaafamia broagbt a* orderly meeting w* slosa. '-•■ "On1 Monday, October 11, a youw man i «mnedFxsnk Batten was admitted tothe Ade !3afda Hospital suffering from a severe fracture , «ar th^anfclfi joint, caused by jumping oat of a tJ*t?{ ........ : ■•-.-. i-TDne (bHowingis a record of the rainfall «-fceiwu- en ■? ajn. <on Saturday a?d the same \- hour on "Monday:— \ Pine Creek :„ 0180 J^tennmnt Greek 0150 Barrow Creek 0160 | Charlotte Waters 0090 The boring machinery shortly to ba em „ plowed in testing the ail eounb* ?«ar the Ooaroag bat arrived by the George Moon, from , Mew York. We understand that no time will f be lett in forwarding it to its destination, with . * view to oomweiuringopfrationflwithoat delay .'. The October Civil Sittings of the ■ Bnpreme Oonrt will be commenced tbis morning .' before the Chief Justioe. The following ate '; lbs ease* ast down for trial:—Allen t. Hay ~ fejead, Dnffiald Jc 00. v. Crocker and Others, ■ and Qaunden v. Proper. '£-^fcft«e*eofS. DeYonngagain occupied the '^aMmiaba of, the Insolvency Court on Monday. <^SfeerpiM*aririrtal«mDftiie witnesses wasoperted **y fee Ho?^'Hann. Q.O^-ana BEr. later. The •Wmrmg w*i fnrfhtr adjonrnMtiU Mohaay next Xte"«o«Me!ft^Monn*Mrt*[rei«mfa?e i tteertdence *'; •■ 5??« I?W? .received10ie corjeent japntk'a r<AanNMV*B-.&nMK;« iwaWUfti««Utetitm .-mnM t? flpoaqy. and the totter Aa.waU. ;*Oow?aWb«mHM?.arial, whuh still maintainf tOe ehjtmtar it long aiaoe acquired Cor at> .iiil—wlina a*i*iiln n ainl nl Ij minimi iam eei- fciaCwiimM lift fflA. i&a;&iient; occdrwd at Steathalbyn 'Joa Msiiaay, ttetabw U. Bj a td^ram in V?nt*her^olafflka^? will be aeca that Jotui Gil "lmfTiamyjion. of &? Rer. Mr. GilKngham, the t Vtal^yao.iainUtor atatinaedfnthattpwoahip, ma vatdtmg.j*omecf tika State «ehool paptU • ffeyliur.wffiaJbrtandbaU. whea he/Hceired a f j§bw ftnia %>^tU bahud tiie ear.ielldoifa, -^n^teMiimal meeting of.tbe AdeiaKle -•BteevDkni^d?tra&ger;^ Friend Society^waf c«eld afth* Anton Offioe,Deija^tieet,>ilCii^ 'J«ay afternooa. "SherT wa7snly a «4anlt i^Undaopa, Ike Hon. JbaTOoften (preildent of •«e Mriety) *cenpied-rf* «iir. Sbact ad \- *oMcr««te«lrvenai>^ae:T«ry Her. ?5n ( BJOMtP. Mri B#r. W. B. Ftetdtef, MX; and \- -MhenV.-nie: report,- which wasidopted. waa |«tyaa«fart^T^> '^ . ■t^-Tha fbDowing Goverjunent tenders were : opened on iteoday morniog:—At th« Kn^iiwr tift-Ohtel'aaAes-For rha oaasfr?otkinoTiettie* l«t Tana* Btf, U<ntat D <Mon Say.aad Waterio) c?ay (foor, tonkin), Frank Gearge Jowert; for v tike eonftmaHpn at a jtktj at Balgovan, Yorke'« r&pia;*]* d«na t«o !««),• J*bm Nieol k 00. ;iaeo. A* the A<vhiteat-m-Oiiiefs Offica—For .aw erection of a post and telegraph oftise at '.Yatruv-ie (three a^dsrs). J. leehritc lowest; fotthr orsotianafapttaad telegraph offisjat B 'a ava (fonr tea tti), J. Basedow lowest; lot additions and Jtepain to the p?t-offioe, and the ereetkta of stables, kc, at the polios station, C vcrland Oonter (tw j tenders), not declared. The following is Monday moxnixur'a' weathtT report co the Adalairt* and Poet Darwin Telegraph lone:—Port Darwin, light, eleudy, nee ; BonUiport, SK, light, dear, fine; Yam Greek, N.W, light, clear, fine; Pine Oreek, N.W.. clear, fine ; Birer Oatherijao. calm, olear, fine; Daly Waten,B.B ,ligh^eloody,fi&e; Powell Ctttk, SA, light, cloady, duU; Tennant Oreek, X, cloudy, doD; Barrow Gowk, BJL, doady, ; thandenbinn in night; Alias Springs, N.W., 'funndttstorm j&& xoand -in nighti. Ohsdotfee "W*ter«, S£, moderate, rliinr. timndecsto?a in night; Peace, S-, strong, dear, fine; Btrang wave Springs, SJL, cloudy, fine; Farina, SJt, '4oudy,doU; Battana, eabii ) doadj,daU. A man asmed -George Hookins, em joying as a* dodk at Wittata Station, has been -miamg-fortin«e weeks. Aosording to the Port . Angrata paper, "he left Iron-Tank Flat, be -tween Bnro Bluff and Wittata, inaniotoxictted ■tate. It is reported thai he had been drinking "tomriy, and it is probable thst whilst sn?ering 'tern an attack of delirium tremais he wandered "«way and baoame boihed. Monnted-eonstsblfi Burton jiropaeded in search of the missing man, but lattinul xinsooceafal in discovering any -traces of bm. A swag and oost, neogaised as tfee prop?(tr«f Hookins, have been found, aad it is feared that the antiartanate man has ba «om? a victim of the grim moaster. Honntel ■oomUble Bartga WSeen agaui dupatchei to The fiahing. uuLnatty appears to have improved vary maeh-in wallaroo lately, yKsptd&t;?j sfpfw tailway fotnnifliiwetinn with Urn titf bas bam established "Several times weeklj," aawj.she losal paper, «large quantities xss-dtapatehed by the train for AdeUide and ataarsiaees. And, in order to provide for fish JMsngdelifandfresh in the Adelaide market, ZeterWHlishaapaKhaaada large boat, which -is provided with a well. In addition to this he baa eonstraeted a large pant, which allows of -llwhigrrai and egress of the sea. Into which the ■***&*** being eangfat are.traaaCerred alire. By tab masastbeyean be deUvered in AdeUide sU iioors aftertbey ace taken from*he water." 7 All cargo of theSomta that can be 9fbt at ta? aow been taken.out.and there ? .mains ao. board the wreck only a comparatively avail quantity of gairaaized iron and other heavy goods. The workmen an now taking oat the flooring of the nmA, with the object, it is ■tsted, of ' constructing a false bottom, over the keelson and tratre*, so as to make her thoroughly watertight. When this is. done a great and probably finil effort Wli be made to fij&t; her. A grert (deal baa been said about Captain Fowler tibe Dnke of Manchester to be en the bridge with him. It appears that tins is direotir contrary to the rales of the Orient service, which «ojoin the offiem to allow none but .tbfmsetvaittore. ' do not as a role 6tand j very high in the estimation of - Jack Tar." and -there v always special rejoiang if, in addition the superior at g^nies afloat, Jaok m oanagfto baaTotttbe palm from the Uadrosu Itaafcontest on shore. - During the present «S? writ- t*e *F««aw ««« 4*T October 9, " a ' shellback 1 has •saanaced to defeat one of onr local «Mkiui .■Xctfenatoh. For some time part afaendiy Oaatah baa fawn pendiag bek- eea OapWn BleOonnachy, of the barque Westena, and the r^espcain of our loss! corps, and on Thursday last inVmatoh *ras fired. The weather was any tting bat favorable, as it was blowing half a -.JSeT. The distance was 200 yards, standnig, lad fen rounds each were fired. Whether it \- mi* that * Jack* nnderstood the force of .she wind ■- lmniii and oonscquently was in a position to ;1S? aagra^eenratrfr the preofce amountof ■■ required, we know not, but be succeeded m defaatialiba Undsmsa by seven points; and we bear he intends to rest upon the laurels he faaa gamed, as negotiations for a rotura mstun : bare failed." •On Monday, October 11, the Supreme ' Oonrt cat in Banco, aud was presided over by air. Justice G wynna and Mr. Justice Boocaut. In the ease of Formby and Another v. Ohsrry *nd Others ousts were given for flic plaintiffs. In the matrimonial causes jurisdiction an order I ' was made in the divorce suit of Martha, Kearney v.Daniel Kearney that the trial should take nUce befpre a* jodge and jury. Forty shilling* : iWwefikaUmaiy was granted. Dr. W. Saaitii ippearea for the petitiooer and Hr.Koore for \- tbe respondent. la the suit for dissala • tion ot matrfage of Sampson v. ?w?P?«?. Mr. Btoatt appeared on behalf of the petitioner, ' and MiUS. G. Kingston for the rsspondent. Mr. Stuart, on behalf of his elienc, asked for directions aa to the mode of trial. The ease CM ordered to be tried before a judge and jury. In the divorce ease of Lamb v. Lamb a awiilar !S.&.^n«toji appeared for «he petitfoner. In IhecaseoTphtlipHarvey y. Thomas Hoboard tbe'rnle for anew trial was made absolute on 5? Aein«aane|Ur.MesMt after Mr. Wadeyhad * l niowiil?tpK* ■' , ._ tb& tfiimai meeting of the Port Adelaide branch of the British and Foreign Bible Sooiety -.- grasheWMthe Preabytenan Church, Port Ade . i Wde, ion Monday evening, October 11. There 3 wa?«llra moderate attendance. Jtr.T.Uack, . 2X. (Mayor of Port Adelaide J, peesiaed.- Mr. „ ISarkar {awatary \ read the report, which stated that although the pant year's operations a Ibe aociety bad not been very fruitful in note w ■ ngoroini - efforts. ■ ttafc .liad lately been raade to Tanrgairiae *he branch, and no donbt tatter aae*e*a would be obtained in toe Beaming year. Thanks mate to the ladies whofcad ao kindly eonaanted to Mt a*<ooUeetor* lor their exaction*. The receipts for the year amottnM to £18 19*. 7dL, and the expenditure £U MBl, which, with the balance to the food from the previous jut, left £19 10*; ia the haeds of the treasurer (Mr. J. Neiii, J.P.) It ni regntted tint the branch aoaid only apare £10 i* the prevent yesrtothe parent aoeiaty, bat tt was hoped that stay would be able to afford more next time. The *alne of the?ibles *ndTastamemt*<inliandwa* £81 6* M. Ad diami* wwu delivered by the chairman, the Bar. J. H. Angus, the Eer. W. taw, Me. J. Neill, and He. JC. Honnale*. Mr. Q. L. Young, who for some years was secretary to the Mount Gambier Steam ship Company at Port Adelaide, having recently severed hi* connection with the company, was prewDted by a large number of his Inendiat the TrlneeV Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Monday evening, October IL, with a nandiqme testi monial in token of the ettesm and regard in which they held him, and of the regret they felt at hia resignation. The ' presentation censisted* of a handaoma gold watch, suit ably inscribed, a gold chain, a diamond locket, and a handsomely Hlomicated and fiamed address, whioh ran as fo.lowa:— "To Mr. G. L Young—We the undersigned, hearing wiih regret that unavoidable circum stances are oompelliag you to relinquish the agency of the Mount Oambiar Steamship Com pany at Port Adelaide, which position yoa have held fora considerable time, leal that we oanant allow yoa to leave as without expressing in some tangible manner the esteem in which yon are held by your Port Adelaide friend*. We there fore beg your acceptance of this address, with tiUe accompanying gold watch and chain, as a smaUMuraiir of She esteem andreapect in whi?h we hold you. We also desire to thank you lor your nmform kindness and courtesy to all with whom yoa have been brought in contact during toe period yon have conducted the agency -of theeompeny. . With the most sincere wishes for yonr future sneoea and welfare, we are* he. [Here follow about 60 signature*]. Mr.H-J. Winfatafd (chairman), in an appropriate sperh presented Mr. Young with the gifts, and re iterated the compliments paid to Oat gentle man in the address. Mr. Toong having replied, Mr. Condor gave the toast «f "She Moont Q>tif^iy "Steamiliin OftfitiiMiy^' to whick Atr* A. T. Wood responded, Other toasts followed, and the proceedings terminated. "Die sale of fancy goods at the ffind maxab-aaoare Oengragational Ohureh was eou tinoedoa Monday attercooD. There was a very good attendance, and a thriving trade was dnva by the ladies presiding at the otalli. In the evening a tea- meeting w*? held followed by a pubnc meeting, at whioh the Bey. F. W. Cor, pastor of the enurch, oocupied the chair. After devotional exercises the chairman read an ad dress. He said that tbe present meeting was not to toansact the business of Hie church, for that waa eoaaidered at a general meeting of the members, but was^tbnplya gathering to give aad receive instruetaon and pleasure. Daring tbe past year a'great deal had happened which migfatcall^forth expressions of sorrow, but it was also associated with grateful memories and pleasant recollections. But this epoch most also be considered as the beginning of the church year, aad he would advise them alt ta thank God for che part and take courage for the future. He hoped that the earning year would be more rich and full of hkaiiaj tuan the past. Theladiesaf *h* church had reminded nun that it would be necessary to spend money in beau tifying and dcoorattng the chorcbu The build ing bad stood for ci t hteen years, and had suffered from the effects of the rain of winter aad the htat of ■ "f"" In the old coantry the tinging and coloring by age and weather were looked on as a beauty. In this colony it was the custom to erect buildings and earn them with plaster and stucco, which, like all slams, could not stand the wear of time like the true atone whioh they were meant to imitate. However, he supposed it was D'osaary that the work «f renoratien should be can ied out, and he waa happytoaay that the ladies had provided funds through the sale of fancy goods-which had bees, held in the tcLeolroom. The Bey*. O. Copland, J. Q. Kirby, Palmer Law, and W. B. Fieteher also addressed tbe meeting. Apologies for non attendance wee* received from the Bey*. O. Manthorpe and F. Bearle. ▲ recent number of tbe Times of India give* a report of a very crowded miwting which took place in the Bombay Town Hall on the 17 th August, for the purpose of inaugurating a rund for the relief of the English and native soldiers who have been wounded during the Afghan war, and of the families of those who have dieddorisg the campaign. The chair was occupied by Sir James Ferguson, Bart, the Governor of Bombay, who was formerly Gover nor of this colony, and a very large nnmber of influential Boropean and native gentlemen were present, among whom were Sir AGcbaal West- | ropp, tbe Lord Bishop of Bombay, Sir Jamsetjee I Jejeebhoy, Sir Mangnifla* Katfaoobboy, and many othtrs. His Excellency was received oa : rislagwith prolonged cheers, and' bis tpeeeh i wa£ tfaraoghout ipp^ awl fii\ ff* prefaced \ bis remark* relating to the .special object of j the meeting by explaining that the central { Govemmentof India had opened a subscription for tbe benefit of sufferer* by the Afghan war, ] whioh had been left open to the whole of India, i and responded to in the most generous manner, upward* of three and a bait lakhs of rupees I (£35,000) baring by the latest retaras been sub scribed by a few individuals. He atatedtnat of this subscription theGovamment of Bombay bad received no official notios, bat that he had received a letter from a well-known Brahmin ' gentiensen shortly after the existence of the sub scription became known i ipiosnimi, a hope that tie community of Bombay woold be permitted an opportunity of joining in tbe good work. Sir James Ferguason tnen wane oa to explain tuat after conaultiug bis collogues he had come to tbe eoneloajon U would be moat in consonance with tbe wishes of tbe community it tney raised a distaact military relief funa in Bombay. He then referred in glowing termo to toe ■accesses of the British arms ia various battle*, the gallantry with which the native soldiers of India had fought undestbe flag of England, and aide by aide with Englishmen, on muij bard won fields, and also to toe fact tnat during the Afghan war of 1842 the community of Bombay of aii rices aad east* came no sly forward and established a fund for tbe relief of sufferer*. His Excellency then xaad severjl letters expressing sympathy with the move ment, ?«"""j; others, one from His Highness Aga> Ali tSuab, promising a coLtribntion of £100; one fiomtha Qaiefof BhownuggjMr. offering m«ub- Kripiion of £1,080; and one from the well kuowa n.trcanule firm of B. at A. Hownarjie, promising a contribmtion of £600. Sir James Jfagussoo concluded by stating that the members of the Govertimect bad already subscribed £t(K). The Bon. I. B. Aahburner moved, and Sir Jamaetjee Jejeebhoy aeeooded tbe ?rst rosolutioa, waioh was to toe effect that a f and should be raised in the PresidencyfortbapurposemeetionediaHis Excellency's speech. The Lord Bishop of Bombay, Narayen Mandlek, Sir If. Nathoobho*. Sir Michael Weatropp, and other geatlemea speke to the -Oiual formal resolutiona, and a large and influential committee was appointed. The proceeding* dosed by Bishop Krorin mov ing a vote of thanks to His KTceMpaoy for pre siding, which was carried with aoclamation. The subscriptions reoetrad np to the date of the leaving of the mail, which was only four days after the meeting, amounted to upward* of £4,700. Sir James Ferguson's speech is spoken of by the journal from which we take this in formation v able, doqomt, and spirit rtining. As improved state of affairs was initiated in the rising auburb of Ualey by the opening of • new post and telegraph office in tfaemunieipality on Monday. October 11. Hitherto the post-office ha* been ooaneoted with Mr. Samson* atore, but on its being decided to extend teiegreohk communication to Ualey a building on the Adelaide and Miteham-road was obtained and converted into a post and telegraph office. The office i? not a pretentious structure, bat will no doubt prove quite enffi «ientforthe present necessities of the inhabi tant*, and it is confidently expected that it is bat tbe precursor of greater tiling*. Tbe oftee was formally opened at noon by His Worship tbe Mayor of Unley (Mr. W. Townsend, JLP.), who <*a* accompanied by Mr. 0. Todd, OJLG. (P.M.G. and S.T.),and several repreeen tetive residents of the township. Oongratolatory menage* were *ent to His Bxcelleney the Go vernor, the Chief Secretary, the Minister of Bdocation, and the mayors of Adelaide and Port Adelaide, and replies of a «i«"?i'"> nature were received. Cheers were given for Her Majesty toe Queen, the Minister of Edooataon, Hie mayor and mayorais of Unley, and the Post na*ter*G«Beral; and an adjournment was after | ward* made to the council chamber, where a ohampagne lancbonn wa* provided by His Worship the Mayer, who presidad. After tbj ukoal loyal toarta Hi* Worship proposed" Xtu btmltbat «he *Uni«try,"ooupled with tbejiame of tbe Minuter of Mwnatkm. He aUuded to «««tri«erwhloh bad been made inthatfreetioa of 4e extension of telegraphw and postal *om mnniasbon over tbe OBlony.a^ airfit«ssnot to n.och tke qoeatioMf ooatltoaj«a* tob« U**M to a* the convenience of the inhabitants. The pedant Ministry deserved every praise for the way in which 4hsy had endeavored toaseet wimJi>^ To—^miHiiirtiiTii. and tie me pleased tint UnJey tod been at last emnaousd with the Magtapliio aystem of As world. Hie alto- pro* pond" Hie health of tile Portmarter-Oeneral." sad ayeke in terms of oology of Mr. Toad's scientific attainments and of the great service which faaliad done the colony aa bead of the Pastal aad Telegraphic Department. Mr.Todd. in replying, said the colony might fee! proud of the pcsitio? which it held «a being *he first to establish telegraphic communication with Europe. He atated tint the sending of • tele gram from Melbourne to the Quean at Balmoral in twenty-three minutes, gthioh had taken place lately in connection with the great world's fair in the neighboring colony of Victoria, waa never dreamt of by the moat ean guine persons a fewyeara ago. He also referred U> the progress which bad been made in the colony rinoe the telegraph office wag first opened in Ben tham Neatest buildings anuy years ago. Mr. J. B. Bagster, JS-, proposed '• The health of Hit Worship the Mayor." and said that the resident* of Uuley would rejoice in the fact that they now enjoyed privileges equal to thoae partici pated in by Hie residents in any of the munici palities. His Worship in replying aaid that he had cheerfully brought all his experience to bear for the benefit uf the residents of the town, and he was glad that bis efforts had been sue ceasf ul to such an extent ai they bad been. The gentianen preeentavfterwarda inspected the ne v town ball and institute, and expressed their satisfaction that a building so eminently suit able to the requirements of the place had been erected. Anniveisary tea and public meetings in oonneetioa with the Kent Town Wealeyan Church ware held on Monday evening, October 1L Therewes a large attendance at eaoh meet* isg. The Hon..J. Ooltou, M-P, oocopied the obmir at the public meeting, and in introngning the bosiness expressed the plraiiin) lie felt on l—?inj of the "wnwal prosperity that had «haxacteriaed the past year of the church Vhistory. He strongly urged the congregation to redaoe the ehnroh debt to £2,000, adding that anything above that awn was very awkward to deal with. The weekly subscriptions that had been given by many members of the chuxeh and congrega tion ' had realised a very anbstantial torn, and he honed tfce ehareh would be stai further extended, as he was a thorough believer in the old Methodist plan of weekly "fffrg* It was also a souroe of gratification to' him to know that the prosperity that had diaranttrienn die Kant Town Ohnmh daring the year bad also been shared by the churches of Norwood and Payne ham. Mr. M. Kingsboraagh read the annual "m""*' statement, which showed that £700 had been paid off the church debt during the year. There waa also a credit balance of £491, while toe total trust debt had bean re duced to £2,799. Mr. T. Bhodes also read a statement, from which it appeared that £306 Us. had been realised from she adoptionof the weekly offertory system towards the liquida tion of the church debt. The success of Aa movement, he uhawvuil, was largely owing to the energetic efforts of Mr. T W. Davidson. The Bey. S. Knight, the superintendent of the circuit, remarked that in addition totheeeUee tion of such substantial sums of money towards church purposes an infant classroom and other rooms bad been completed in oonneetioa. with the Sunday-school, by means of which fifteean clauses could he isolated. The congrega tion and chareb organisations had been well maintained, a result that was hugely owing to the labors of Mr. Matthew Burnett. The Young Christians' Church shewed sixty young persons in active connection, with excellent promises for the future. Oaring the past year, contrary to former experiences, she church work had been diffused over a much larger number of persons—a result that was particularly gratifying to him. The church building required renovation, besides which it was proposed to erect two galleries to meet the extra, A^nmwfA* for sittings. Towards tuis last work £850 bad been collected. The Ker. B. Chapman, now on a visit to this colony on mis sionary duty from Sydney, addressed a fe? remarks to the meeting expressive of the satis faction he felt at being present on that occasion. TheJttev.H.Z. Boners {Fteatdent of the *•* \--leyan Conference) delivered an able address on "The aapect of modem Christianity." While admitting the rrittwim of two rides «o the question he thought the " former days" ware not better than the present. The Christianity of te-day waa bread and vigorous in a sense that had never been realiaocl be fore. It was too frequently the case when the work of a particular church fell off to consider that Christianity waa effete. The —;-*-fcT was that they were too apt to think that Christianity existed in some one de nomination. Granting the churches were -the embodiment of Qhristiaaity.they did not con tain it all, it had bubbUd over the churches and run into other ohinaris and influenced .other spheres. In dealing wish other aspects of his subject Mr. Buys contended that the |nsaaat Christian outlook was vary promising, although it was atm necessary to see that liberty did net degenerate into licence. Suitable addresses were also delivered by the Bey. D. o*Dooaelland other gentlemen. During the evening the choir, under tbe direction of Mr. Eybos, rendered several selections of music in a very admirable Respecting the Bay. Geo*ge Brown, Weslejaa missionary at New Britain, the Bey. W. Ketyraek, president of the New South Wales and Queensland Oonfeiwam, writes to the Sfdntg Jtetfy Telegraph as follows:—"la your issue of September 2ft I uhattrad some very grave statement* made by you apparently on the authority of Captain Soothgate, of the schooner Sea Rip. that aerieoaly affect the cha racter ef the Bey. G, Brows, a missionary of the Wealejan Church in New Britain, and that are calculated to damage the society, of which he is an agent, in the pubtie judgment. The i tstr ments msdr seek to prejudice themhaion by alleging that ' nothing has yet been heard of any converts being.m?de/ while they at the fame time impeach-the characters and doings of the missionaries, narticularly pressing against the Kov. Mr. Brown certain charge* which, if accepted as you put tbtaj, cannot fail to do him great injury. Aa these are matters which beer very heavily on one of the agents of our missions, aa well as upon the good fame of the church that Ui sent him forth. I, in the abienos of the minion's sunaisij in the colony of South Aus tralia, send a lioe to say that you have been grievously misled. As to the success of the minion, in a letter that is just to hand from Mr. Brown—who is certainly a better judge of tbU business-than a visiting trader—we hive the ansnosnee that its success has exceeded hii most sanguine expectations. In giving expres *iou to this feeling we have not simply tbi crcMin ef an overardent and too hopetul mi« kioiiary, bat the evidence is furnished which goes to snow what a solid basis of fact the feel ing Mats upon. That letter—with a simpuoits and pathos that only * good, brave Btsx ccuM write-tells us how often he hai bacn touebad with strange emotions as hi baa listened to the prayers of eemc of the fint oonverta—tow astonished and pleased he was as he listened to a Oaristiac chief—one of the fint of the mission -preact the glorious O^apel to his follows, •imply, aj needs ha must, bat with.«k power that m«de him : (ell be craved for aalitode that he might pour oat the pent-up feelings of his too. full heart— bow his gratitude rose to its highest point as he remembered that the aoene of that service was the spot made for ever memorable in the early iiiatory of the mission by the daeds of Greachery and bloodshed that were wrought there; and i bow the whole lad him to wish that he wore but ! young again that he might consecrate his life Co tbe mitaion. or, failing this, that he might get into some dock or place of refuge where he could got a good overhaul and be re-oUssed for a fresh term of service. These facts are supplemented by others that are kindred ia character, and if that be unsuooesaf ul I oau only aay, would to God we had more of it With regwd to the charges made against Mr. Brown personally, I have little to aay. His general character and his worth thus far constitute strong presumptive evidence that they are not and /aau not be true. His seal, his aelf-saorifioe, his suf ferings, so patiently borne; bis dangers so fear lessly braved, bit strong eatbmUstic devotion co missionary work will be for the present a very effectual shield to all who know him bom thews base slanders. But we have not presumptive evidence alone—evidence is to hand which will as conclusively answer tbe allegations that in juriously affect his character, aa that we have adverted to, to answer the charge of amuceess against the mission. Mr. Brown is, however, well ablate take care of bis goad name,andwe venture to affirm that before this business is settled he will do so in a manner that may bring trouble to some, but not to Mr. Brown or the Wetlevan Missionary Society." The following are the results of the pupil teachers' examinations held daring the lest Michaelmas holidays:—Class 1., in order of merit.—William Ham, Wallaroo Mines; UozUy O. Tartan, Hindmanb; Thomas H. S. HicoUe, Eapunda; Blanche J. Brown, Moonta Mines; Alice B. Girdlesione, Stratfaalbyn; Maggie Dale, Central Model; Annie B. Oheatsrman, Bindmanh; Bessie Chester, Central Model, and Era Jefirey, Moonta Mines, equal. fttb&kflbm;, Port Adelaide; Edwin W; Williams; KasUna; -Bessie' W. Henderson. Strathalbyn; Fanny Qoohfc, Moqata Mines, Katett.OaUow, Tantalille;O*roliiie Ferguson; Kadise, smdWimaia Howard, Moonta, equal, Clase 11, in alphahntNal order.—Andre wattha. EsunaA* Norwood wtedal; Bennett,On. H, Utaidla: fientley, Bom B, Burra; Berminghaui, The*, Weoachester; Burpee, William 8., Wallaroo Bay; Crank. Mary, Bivertoo; Wtthhra^, Emily, Hindmarsh; Close, Heleoa,Str*ttialbjn; Ceoper, Kate, Angaston; Do we*. Sarah J, E**t;Adelaide]Model; Oon, Amelia B. H-, Em* Adelaide Model; Hamenoe, Obarin B. T, Moonta; Homy, Agnes, Oentral Mcdel; Howell, Herbert, Port Adelaide; Loessel, Alma, Miss Piper, Stepney; Maskie.Leuw F., Bast Adelaide; MoOougaM, Mary A_, Oompton Downs; Mardon, Hannah M., Wallaroo Bay; ?t.t*lfff" i Maigamt A* fitrathalbyn; Moffstt, Anna, Moonta; Nettleton, Aline, Gawler; Bandf re, Edith, Port Adelaide; Bbapberd, Era, Gawler; Stodart, Margaret A~, Norwood Model; Tallaefc, Mary A, Aogaston; Tomsett, Ohar lotto J., But Adelaide Model; Teen*}. Alfred, Moonta Mine*; Took, Maria A_ Mount Torrena; Watson. Isabella, Oentral Model; Wedemejer, EmOie, Norwood Model; Wil liams, Martha, Oentral Model; Wright, Marcos tt, Norwood Model. Thirty-three failures. First Tear Pupil Teachera—Olass L, in orier of merit.—Hrnrj J.Aruiiiagr, Norwood Mo.iel; Annie M. Anson, Kadiua; Theodora S. Uoacb, Central Model; Albert Nootnagel, Oeatral Model ; JanetF. Breakell.Oentral Model; Angus Ceti.rr.in,Kapanda; Thos. Boberta, Hindmarsh. rii ft Year Pupil Teachers.—Olass H, in alpha betical order.—Arnold, Mary. Oentral Model; Coatea, Emma, Moonta Mines; Beers, Alice, Hindraanh; Field, Amelia 8., Mount Gambier; Hart, Thomas K,Kadina; Barring,babella 8., Norwood Model; Hotaon, Annie, Kingston; Hunter, Annie E., Border Town; Maoder, Aletliea A- Goodwood; MnT^an. Jane. Letevre'a Peninsula; Nootnagel,Kato,Theb?rton; Oates, Bdward J^Moonta';Scbaehe, Pauline,Greeaook; BiwW. <vrt li~'j JGn&aatsh; Sutoliffe, Hannah, Pork Adelaide; TamUyn, Florence, Xadiaa; Stodd, John, Lefevrels Beninaola; Tonkin, ??V '-. ?£«■•? Mines; Tnzise, Walter, Moonta Miaes. Twelre CaUores. Second Tew PopU Xewshart—CiassXV.in order of marft.—AMue?-Baltridge. Mount Gambier; Williamlnnw,Beliahwr>;?ohnJones. Kadins, and Onooan MeArdmr, Mount Gambiar, equal; BertMS-ftowah, Mno?U,aad Jao^Toetar.MooQt* Mine*, canal: T—*t^'- flsaham. BkathaU?yn ; Jeam Bodaon, Ad?a?oa Baho2«or Girls, and Andrew FerguaMO, Wallaroo Mines. «aoal; Tbomas J. Moore.Batt Adelaide Model j Martha CharlcMrartn, Hmdmanh; George Pennyfield, Gumsracha; Lnoy W. Laagaford, But Adelaide Model; Sauna M. Hill, East Adelaide Model; Louisa Symooa, Borra; Bdward J. Nettle, Moonta Mine*. Seoood Tear PopO Teacher*—Olaa* IL, in al phabetical order.—Brokate, Bmeat M, Oentral Model; Duoe, Alioe M, North Adelaide Model; Glastonbnry.Georgefi^North AdriaideModal; Hasten, Biwabeth. Korth Adelaide Model; O*ome? William H^Goolwa; Bodda, Mary W-. Moonte; Boas, Joanna &, Madame MarrelV Twelve failures. Third yea*.-Class L, in ord«r of mtrit—Bennetta,Annw.CUNorwood Model; Anderson, Jane, Cental: Model; Doanell, William, Hindmamh; HaUs* William. Moonta Mines; Donnitiieroe, Sm?, Sfcathalbyn; Stepbena, Maria, Wallaroo Bay; Hanooek, TbonM?, North Adtdaide. Olaas 11, in alpha betaeal order.—lTfc -oUs. BUen J., Port Adelaide ; Weloh.AlioaH, Whitmore-siinare. Five failures. Fourth Tear—Class L. in order of merit.— Kewnsao, Geo. ti. Central Model School; Jones, Bditfa M^ Biverton; Fairweatber. Joho, Central Model School; Oharlten, Charles, Port Adelaide; Snell, Annie, Buna: Oaoe, Marian B, North Adelaide. Olass II- in alpbabetiul or. c.-.- Moore. Thomas, Norwood Model; Wil liams, Alfred, Moonta Mines. Six failure*. An entertainment will be giros in St Augustine's Church, Uuley, this evening. An entortaiument is to be giren in the Draper Memorial Lecture-hall tiiii evening, wben Mr. J. B. Champion will give a lecture entitled "London to Paris." Mr. Joshua Payne is to deliver a lecture this evening iw the Town Hall on " Tne u peet of Mount Lofty." Oi«cnsaion is invited. A concert ? to be given in the Albert Hall, Pirie sUat>.-this evening, by members of th« Adelaide Uadertafel. An oscellent pro gramme baa been prepared. Tea and public meetings in connection with the reopening of tfee Bible Christian Charon, Tetale, Mat- the Alberton Bail way Sta |ion, will be held tnie •veuiag. Bill, the trainer, left for Melbsunw by tbe steamer Vietotian on Monday, taking with him BothaohUd. Pieat Water, Totaluator, Spectre, Annie Faauo. and Lavinia. The eenrice of ■ong which was given so soeeesefally in tfcetia?gragational OhMolwPort AdeJaisiewafew «veniags ago, will be repoatevt oa an —iydate; the ysass i U oC theTauatHtoi aietob* for tbcfjenaMof the widow and orphans of the tele Captain JkLawia. Then was a very good house at Gamer"s Xnaatieai Monday aicnt to witaass the repeti tion of Skofesaor Pepper's Ghost eotortalnsaeot. The various sprctesl •effects were ahowa much better than on Sataaday evening, and elicited tbe warm annrebaaion of the audience. Tbe pbotograpba of anoient and modern atatues, and the other magje-lantern exhibition* ware al*o very much and justly applauded. TiMper farmaace will be repeated this evening. Tbe members of tbe dramatic cookpany of tee Boyal Bailed kr Melbourne by the Vic torian on Monday, October 11. On &atnrdaj; bat, on the oooelasian of tneir e&gageac;«t, thej w?r? entertained, is the green-room by Mr. AUhwat, and varioo* taaata were proposed and drunk in champas,**- Mr. Allison, aa lemet and manager of the theatre, expressed his aatU factKo with tbe-efforts of tbe company in tb< past, and proraised to give engagemsota tc those who were available when wring up fail new company next year. He commented upoi tbe fact that to* stage manager. Mr. H*Uo«ay had left tbe theatre before tbe expiration of hi engagement, aad it was suppesed bad cleared out of the colony. A lecture entitled " A. trip to Morway' was delivered by Mr. J. L. Paraoas, M.P.. on Mouday avtoikw, Ootober It, at the achoolroom connected with Chalmers Church, Nortu tttiaoe. Tbe lecture, which has bean previously gi vrn by Mr. Panoos, was remarkably interesting, throughout, and nVouuded in incidents narrated by tU JeOsrer with cleveroess end vigor. Tt* uatunl featuns of tbe country, the mouutain !*,>(■., tl« f jurds, or inlets, and.the swamp* muA iiiOiubes.; the great varieties of the climate of Korway owing co its peculiar physical cba ractir ; tbe manners and customs of the peoole, tbe government, and numerous other tapiea uen- dealt with and vividly portrayed by. the Uctuiar, who at various pokUs in his addsess «ak loudly applauded, and at itsooncluaicu.was aococded a heiorty vote of thanks. The opera of "Maritana" was related 1 at the Theatre Eoyal on. Monday to. a. urcer 1 boase than on the opening nigtfe The pxittcipals were ia oxoe'lent voiaa. and «ere badly appla?dod in the leading ' number*. The choruses were spiritedly 1 rendered, and tbe member* of th*, orchestra < ' were well up to their work. The per r formance on the whole was a deoidnd improvfl ment upon that of Saturday. 2hi* evening > Ualfeti charmiag opera," The Boaa-ol Oa«tille, n 1 will be presented, with tb* following caste:— Maanel. a IB"l****'. Mr. Annas Beaamout; Don Pedro, Mr. O. H. Templeton; Don. Saliuat, Mr. G. A. Johnatone; Don Florin, Mr. Arthur Dowell; Pablo, Mr. B. Lavisou; fionna Carmen, Mas B. A. Lambert; I>uohe?s •tOalatrava, Miss Harris; Elvira, Madame Hose asersee. The second bow meeting af the season in connection with tbe Malawi* Archery Cluh. wssbeld on Saturday, Octaher 9. Abaut fifty ' tntmbero and visitors were present. Theailvar arrow for the ladies' highest score km win by Miss B. Price with 228 points, less blue, black, and white ring* 149; second, Mbs Tivian, with 143\. less black and white 116 ; third. Miss Crawford, 140, lew blaak and white 100. Tne silver arrow for the gentlemen's highest soora was won by Mr. L. Giles with 72; seooud, Professor Kelly' 68. Mr. Gilea also took the UdieV challenge prise for the first time. The highest book for Colonel Downes1* prize was made by Miss Vivian, namely, 268, including a handioap of ISO; second, Miss Crawford, 243, with a handicap of 109; third, Miss Horn, 281, with su; fourth.MiH?. Price, 228, without any handicap. Mr O. Driffield was balloted for and elected unanimously. Tbe first prise meeting will be htld next Saturday. (ST Mr. JameeH.Pan waueata apeoial atten tion to bia Bale, Thia Day, at 2 o'clock, in the Old Bwstawge. King WiUiaiMtoeet. Adelaide, of the Township of Hayborough, situate be tween Victor Harbor and Fort Elliot. «• Aldridge, Bruce, & Wigley bag to eaU tttenUon to their Sale at Trew"* South Aus tralian Olab Hotel, on Thuraday, the 23th October, at 850 pjn, of excellent Building Allotments in the TownAip of Port AugssU Extremely liberaj *«?? we <?«kw4 «?K"* chaien. ?5-#M 