TO THE EDITOB. Sir — Your article on the ' dear meat' ques tion which appeared in the Advertiser of this morning will doubtless attract an unusual amount of attention, the subject dealt with being one which heads of families are of neces sity bound to take a considerable interest in. I cannot, therefore, allow it to pass without en tering a mild protest against it being taken in its entirety 'as gospel.' If the subject is worthy of ventilation, let it be done in a whole manner, not wor&ea; up into a spicy dish to tickle the palates of those who are ever ready to condemn on the slightest provocation. The ' knight of the cleaver'' who has supplied you with .*? the curious illustration of the monstrous extortion of Adelaide butchers' has either been drawing on his imagination for the ?* illustra tions'* supplied, or else he has been talking about something of which he is profoundly ignorant. Your statement that ' with respect to beef, the profit to the butcher is 400 or 500 per cent, aud upwards' is a perfect staggerer ; as also is yoar information that ' meat which cost the butcher §d. to Id. per pound is retailed at an average of fid. per pound.' As far as I am individually concerned there is not a ghost of truth in either of the above statements, and I doubt not if you - were to interview any of the leading butchers in Adelaide they would supply you with facts ' which would couclsively endorse my opinion.. The present average cost of good beef is 15s. to 16s. per hundred, or nearly 2d. per lb. If this were all rump steaks or be.st joints, no doubt your assertion of 500 per cent, profits would have a look nf tangibility; but unfortunately for your argument, and for the butchers' pockets, there are shius, legs, large bones, and a quantity of waste to the tune of nearly 40 per cent. At the present time, and for weeks past, any quantity of goal whelesome beef could be aad retail at from Id. to 2d. per lb.. but the ' long-suffering public' do not accept the opportunity, but prefer grumb ling and paying a higher price for ''prime joints.' During the past three or four mouths tons of good wholesome meat have had to be thrown away by butchers in consequence of beiag unable to sell the cheaper portions of the bul lock. The evil you are complaining about, Sir, does not owe its existence to the butcher, but to the public. Let materfamilias learn how to cook a piece of meat, no matter from what part of the beast it is cat, and .depend upon it the maraec wiu soon ngnc ixseir. . xi people win persist in indulging in rump steaks and best joints to the exclusion of the other portions they must pay for the luxury. Coming to sheep, I am glad that you have not taken such a high, standard of profits with which to startle the writer and the public 'generally. Had you written of 400 and 500 par cent, iu this branch of our trade it would have been ntterly impossible for me to have tackled the question at] all, as I should have felt that I was either entirely ignorant of the rudiments of my business, and had not gathered in a share of the profits that others in my line were fattening on or else that I was surrounded by a lot of em ployes who systematically emptied my tills of the fabulous profits mentioned. Again, I can only give my experience— you must take it for what it is worth. Seventy-pound sheep! Och Himmel ! Where do we find them ? We may get one' or two in a flock, but flocks of them never. ?' And at 16s. each, or with skins off at 2d. per lb, with a certain profit of 2d. per lb!' My experience, however, doesn't quite come up to that. ? I find -that the average of the best merino mutton, which costs me 16s. per head, rarely averages SI pound 8, never over 56 pounds, and that until very recently for weeks I was paying the same ' money for sheep poor ? in condition,' and averaging 10 to .12 pounds each less than my above quotations. Again, my experience is that my sheep sales have resulted most weeks during the present season in an absolute loss, and the profits attached to the selling of them now are so small that I cannot estimate them. ? Your illustration of the happy effects following the break-up of the *' butchers' extortion' ton or eleven years ago is not- kind either to the spirited gentleman who led the way or others who emulated his example. The cattle salesmen ? and others who suffered can best tell you the actual effect of 'that complete breakiag-up.' —I am, &c;, M.N.KUGELHANN. Hindley-street, May 24, 1880. 