NEW SOUTH WALES. CLOSING OF THE SYDNEY EXHI BITION. [From oar own Correspondent.] Sydney, April 20. It is with a measure ox reluctance that I have to chronicle the closing history of our Exhibi tion. It has become such an object of interest to the citizens of Sydney, such a magnet to the dwellers in our large towns and remote settle ments, such a school of design for our rising artists, such an educational establishment for our artieanB and engineers, such an Academy of Music with its grand orchestral and vocal dis plays— in a word, such a bright trystiog-place for all, that I venture to think there will be but one feeling of keen regret in the community that its mission is ended, and that henceforth it will be but a happy incident in our march of pro gress— a joy of memory rather than a pleasure of hope. Public interest in it has been well sus tained throughout. The last week or so it has been throDged with the pleasant and happy children of our schools both from near and far. To remove all possibility of disappointments, and to give to the boys and girls of the poorest the satisfaction of being able to share in the delight of gazing npon its many marvels of wonder and ^beauty, the admission to scholars was free, while an additional inducement was offered to such as resided in the country in the shape of a railway fare, which was almost equi valent to a free pass, sixpence only being charged for a scholar for distances up to fifty miles, and one shilling only for their parents or guardians. On Saturday last there was a mammoth choir of children, aided by a few lady and gentleman singers, who repeated with variations a pro gramme they had given before to the great satisfaction of all who heard it. The concert was under the auspices of the temperance bodies, and was in every respect a decided success. The songs rendered were many of them from Sankey's collection, and conld not be regarded as high-class music. But, notwith standing this drawback,/tbey werp'given with so mncb enthusiasm, and the sweet fresh music of so maDy little ones, piped ont in that delicious treble which has such a charm for all ears, seemed to gratify the listening crowd in a manner which not even some more pretentious efforts had been able to reach. As the time wore on, the public, determined to make the most of their opportunities, hurried away in eager sight-seeing, as if the display which had been for months before their eyes acquired an added value from the fact that it was so soon to pass away, and become but the gorgeons vision of a dream. It mattered little to them that Austria was topsy-turvy—that Belgium was in a state of gradual dissolution— that Germany was being compressed into huge unsightly packing-cases, or that Japan had left but the ghost of its presence in the well-nigh empty court where its artistic productions had been on view. It mattered little that India was peddling her wares in the nave, and that Ceylon was dispatching her coffee and condiments like a shopkeeper clearing out of business. There was an aspect of general disin tegration and confnsion in the courts mentioned. But still the multitudes came and went. Enough for them that the British Court was still- intact, that the American goods were still invitiHg inspection, that la belle France was there with all the treasures she had transported across the seas, and that the Colonial Courts were to be seen in all their pristine beauty. And then, added to these were the glories of the Fine Arts Gallery and the mechanical triumphs of the Agricultural Hall; so that if some things had gone, enough remained on hand to invite and repay the attention of visitors. But the interest culminated on the closing . day. The previous day had been dull, aud many prophesied that tbe Exhibition would close as it began—in drenching rain. As the- morning of Tuesday broke, eager eyes scanned the horizon , to get a forecast of the weather. There bad been pouring showers before daybreak, but as the morning advanced, notwithstanding the moist look of the sky, there was a general bope that tbe sky wonld harden sb the hours sped by. Fully an hour before the time appointed for the final ceremony the streets were crowded with the excited thousands, who were all focussing themselves on Macquarie street. The red coats of the volunteers made Hyde Park gay. The call of the bngle showed that something of more than ordinary concern was going forward.' Pedestrians crowded the sidewalks. Hansoms and hackneys, broughams and carriages, with a mixture of spring carts and buggies, crowded the road. The chief buildings of the city, decked in gay streamers and flags, looked as if they were adorned for a festal gathering. The great building which was the focal point of all the interest looked, as it ever haslfioked, something to be proud of as its magnificent dome uplifted itself in the morning air, and from cupola and towers the standards of many nations w*ved in the breeze. A strong body of police guarded the approach, but they had little to do, for with that instinctive sense of order and respect for authority which are so characteristic of a British crowd the multitude swarmed up, eag6r and joyous as tbey should be, but with a quiet ease which left little for the bluecoats to arrange. Among the eddying ranks that filed j in through the respective entrances yon might see in the nationalities, j ranks, and professions represented a picture that was at once fresh and fascinating. There was a good muster of country folk, who might be easily spotted by their bronzed looks and rather primitive outfits. With them were the multitudinous classes of the city, bright lads and merry lasses, spruce youths and well- . dressed maidens, artisans with their wives, aud tradesmen with their families, the lordly squatter, the princely merchant, the grave divine, the bustling lawyer, the learned Judge. Conspicuous among the rest were the Commis sioners and Judges, all the more conspicuous because tbey had to appear in the orthodox swallow-tail, while their breasts were made resplendent for the time with their badges and decorations. The gay plumage of the ladies, the bright coats of the volunteers, the gorgeous uniforms of the naval captains, who were in somewhat strong favour, and the gay aspect of the interior, combined to offer an outlook which was in itself an exhibition of no mean order. I About half an hour before the time fixed for the' | closing ceremony the rain came down with such force that it made some lively music on the roof, which constituted a drawback to the proceedings. The sun, however, did shine out with a some what sickly gleam just at the nick of time, so that when the boom of the artillery announced that His Excellency had left Government House a faint radiance shimmered through the building. At this time the view from the dais was very imposing. Filling the orchestra, at the rear of tbe dais, were the ladies of the leading cititens, who occupied, as became them, the poet of honour. Bignor Giorza was installed at -the organ ready to contribute his portion of interest to the ceremony. On the right of the dais were the Commissioners of the different countries that had figured as exhi bitors. On the left were the Commission of Hew South Wales, who had been charged with the management of this great undertaking. In front of the daiB were the gentlemen who had acted as Judges, seated on the right; and on the left were the members of the Legislative Conncil and the members of the Legislative Assembly, the Aldermen, and other dignitaries. Beyond, far as the eye could reach, the people were wedged together in a dense mass, and as the eye ran along the galleries here again the outlook was one of com pacted multitudes. Soon after the thunders of the guns had ceased, the blare of a trumpet anneunced tbe arrival of Lord Loftus. As His Excellency reached the fountain under the dome the military band stationed there struck up tbe Hational Anthem. Marching up the nave, followed by Sir Alfred Stephen and Lady Loftus, Sir Henry Parkes and tbe wife of tbe Commodore, with some other celebrities, the Governor made for hie place on the dais. This place, which till now had been almost a blank, was speedily filled by the suite of Hie Excel lency, the members of tbe Ministry, the Jadges, and the heads of religions bodies. Mr. Jennings, O.M.G-, began the ceremonies of the day by reading an address, which among others contained the following paragraphs:— " The total number of awards sent in by the Judges were—Special 1st and lBt, 2,753; 2nd, 2,082 ; 3rd, 1,277 ; 4th, 958; total, 7070. " It is gratifying to note that the admissions have exceeded the most sanguine expectations, being about 1,022,000, uot including this day's return "The amount received for admissions and concessions does not reach the original estimate of £50,000, the total sum to the 19th instant being about £45,000. "I have now the honour to ask your Excel lency, on behslf of Her Majesty the Queen, to declare that the Exhibition will be closed to the public at the termination of this day's pro ceedings." His Excellency then read a reply, in tbe course of which be Baid:— "I meet you on this occasion with feelings of pride and gratification, not unmingled with some pangs of regret. I am proud, as we all must be proud, of the high public spirit and just liberality which the tolony of Hew South Wales has displayed throughout the successive stages of this'great undertaking; and I am deeply gratified by the generous response to her invitation whicbhas come from the mother conntry and the sister colonies, and from several of - the most powerful of the nations of the earth. The interchange of friendly greeting and recognition which has resulted in the noble display of the world's offerings of art and industry in this beautiful building may be regarded as the first event of prime national significance in Australia. And in attending here to- day to take part in closing the Exhibition, it is not possible to banish all feelings of regrets—regret that those who in such numbers have derived instruction and pleasure from the examination and study of the col lected treasures will be'able to gratify their tastes no longer; and still deeper regret that others scattered far and wide through our vast interior bave found no opportunity at all to profit by the splendid achievements of art and the wonderful contrivances of mechanical skill which in maDy instances were brought from the ends of the earth for their teaching and grati fication. "In now declaring that after to-day this Exhibition will be closed to the pnblic, I would express a fervent hope that our hearts may be raised in much thankfulness to the Giver of all good for the protection and innumerable blessings He has vouchsafed to us." The next proceeding.was the presentation to Lord Loftus by Mr. Jennings of the 220 Judges, upon whom had rested the difficult and re sponsible work of judging the exhibits. The Governor then distributed to each representa tive Commissioner the official list of awards, and finally declared the Exhibition closed at the conclusion of the day's proceedings. In the intervals Signor Giprza played various national airB on the organ, and on the final announce ment of Lord Loftus the baud played "God Save the Queen." Three cheers were then given for Her Majesty, three for Lord Loftus, three for Ladjr Loftus, and three ringing cheers for the Execntive Commissioner. And so the Exhibition is at an end. But |yet the Exhibition lives. Daring the months of its existence, in which it has been open as a great industrial and art festival of the nations, it has been doing a work that will abide long after the treasures which it gathered together have been scattered to the four winds of heaven. It has been silently educating our own people as to the character, resources, and products of the nations of the world, and the lessons will bring forth frnit in the coming time. It has been witnessing to those who have been visiting ns from afar that they might the better learn what this great island-home was, and what it was likely to become—that we have a territory enriched with the choicest mineral treasures, a soil capable of bringing forth in rare abundance almost all the products of every clime, a climate that is unsurpassed for its salubrity, institutions that are instinct with the spirit of freedom and culture and virtue, and young communities which have already done gTeat things, which are but the pledge of yet greater that the coming years shall witness, and which promise worthily to snstain on these southern shores the character oS the British stock, and worthily to co-operate in all that is purest and best in the working out the great problems of human destiny. And so if we are asked to-day for the outcome of our Exhibition, our answer is, the outcome is to be found in thoBe subtle lines of influence and international amity which, beginning with Japan in the East, and running through India and Oeylon, through Europe and America, and by the islands of the Pacific, binds Australia to ,the world as a young bnt fair daughter in the great sisterhood of nations, whose growth and influence is an augury of good to them all. 