Love Against tlio World. BT 'W. STErBXKB HaTWABD. Walter Laurence was near enough, when the mounted officer despatched with this message dashednp in hot haste, to hoar both tho report end Napoleon's reply. ' Infantry V cxcMmei tho Emperor, bitterly. 'Where does he suppose I can get them ? Does [ho expect me to make them f You see tho task I lave-before me, and you see what troops I have left' And in good truth it was apparent to all ithotithe situation was now critical in the extreme of tho French, army. Alrtady Napoleon had been jcompelled to send* a detachment under Labau to ihold tho Prussians under Balon in check. But leach moment added to their number, and limener ?wasiurrredly advancing to support his lieutenant an hifl attack on the Emperor's right wine. The ^thunder o£ the Prussian guns, momentarily in creasing in loudness, struck dismay to all hearts «.t the JiYencb. head-quarters, while the obstinate, stubborn bravery of the British infantry preven ;ted Napoleon from reaping what an hour pre viously he reckoned as a sore victory. The olive choek of tho beautiful Louise de Iiamballe grew palpr and paler as she watched the increasing acres of French troops dashed on those squares of red uniforms, bristling with steel, gleaming with fire, only to recoil back on the ^slopes again and yet again. Walter Lawrence now felt assured that the ?victory would rest with his countrymen, and ?chafed bitterly at the ill fortune which compelled 'iiini to remaui inactive. Napoleon now walked up and dovrn in the greatest agitation, taking large pinches of snuff, and despatching oaicers hither and thither with orders. ' Where is Grouchy P' was his constant «ry. ' Why does he not appear P' Aide after iiido was despatched after the French marshal ; but, alas ! for tho fate of the empire, he ?could not ho found. Wary old Bluchcr had suc ceeded in eluding him, and marched straight to 'Waterloo in spite of tho remonstrances of some of 'his officers, who wished him to give the French marshal hattlo and defeat him. 'No,' said J31uchor, ? the campaign will not ho decided here, but there: 'and so saying he pointed to the direction of 'Waterloo, where could bo heard the booming o£ the cannon. This was at noon, and in the neighbourhood of Wavres. How right tho old marshal was in hiB judgment tho event .proved. Napoleon now saw that, to avoid utter defeat, the British lines must be broken and defeated at all ?hazards. The Imperial Guard -were ordered up, end marshalled for a last and desperate attack. Formed in close column, Bonaparte himeelf led a. part of them on down tho slope ; but at tbo bottom ho paused in a delile, and entrusted the conduct of this final and supreme effort to Scy. The soldiers of his Guard recofniised him as they .inarched past, and though -wondering at Eeoing ^im halt, instead of leading thorn ou to victory as of old, they marched on — brave, determined, des perate — to their death. Ney led oa llie Middle Guard in person, and (silently and steadily they marched across the valley, and commenced to nscond the elopo. It ?was not till they could distinguish the red uni forms of their enemies, and the artillery tore through their cIobc ranks, that the hoarse shout vent up, * T'ivc VEmpercur V The leading files ?were absolutely exterminated by tho fire of grape ; nevertheless, the others pressed on, and gallantly .breasted tho ridge. Then came the decisive moment. The English Guards, starting to their feet, delivered a crush ing volley, and advanced with the bayonet. At the same moment, tbe42udand 05th charged them on one Hank, and as buforutuiBlcrrible onslaught the Imperial Guard fell back in confusion, the British cavalry was lauuehed on them, mid com pleted their rout. Walter heard tho cry all around liim, 'The Guard is broken ; all ig lost !' And, indeed, the Middle Guard, liushod headlong down thu hill, were pushed hack on the Old and Young Guards coming to their support, and thc3e also were thrown into confusion. Vain trerc all efforts to reorganise tho shattered and ruined columns. The gleaming sabres and v.'ild hurrahs of the English dragoons carried terror to the hearts of many, and prevented tho bravest from mailing a stand. It was not till Napoleon saw the helmets of the English cavalry in the midst of his Old Guard, cutting down and trampling the flower of France under foot, that he realised his misfortune. Then he ezchiimcd, pale with rage and mortification, 'A present, e'est finil Sauioiis nous.' — Tor the present, it is all over. Lot us savo ourselves.' Then ho turned, and surrounded by his staff and a select body-puard, rodo away from the field where ho had fought and lost his last battle. Louise de Lamballc, Iiitherto confident of ulti mate triumph, could not at onco realise the mis fortune which had befallen the French arms. For a little while the stood regarding tho wild tumult, iho nwlw in the hollow, with clasped hands and starting eyes. Yot there could be no deception — the French infantry, even the Guard, were a broken and dispersed mob ; and into their dense masses tho British cannon rained shot, while among them rode, vengeful and triumphant, the squadrons of British horse. Already fugitives were hurrying past, and it seemed but too probable that she would be swept away with thd torrent before sha could roach her carriage. Each moment tho confusion grew worse, and Walter L&ivrenoe; found himself separated from her, he scare* know 'how. Looking around him he saw English dragoons riding up tho slope, driving before them a helploss mass, onco form ing a part of tho nplondid grando armce. Yells, groans, and shrieks rent the air— heard above the thunder of the cannon. Walter now strovo at least to hold his ground till the English should come up, and stationed himself behind a broken gun- carriage. On came the British horse, and Walter Lawrence can see, Amid the dust and smoke, one officer conopicuoUB among Ins £ ellowe — riding hither and thither, ut times leaving his 1'n*nt'*nfaf:i and dashing into tho tbi)k of tha.fngitir«s, cutting and thrusting with relanflew, savage fury. Walter, though he can aob-voogaiBO the features of this desperate horse man. wbamemB to he possessed uritn ft thousand fariea, n'tfof»« that he wear* a- white scarf bound Around his left wrm ; tiiongh he knows it not, it is his brother- Jasper. Apparently hie presentiment is falsa, for ha-has ridden all through that bloody day without a. tcmtoh. Hal nee now. A littlo knot of the Old Guard, some 10 men only, form bade to bacfc, and with fixed bayonets defy ihs enemy. Our horseman ?with tho[ white scarf sees them, «nd with despe rate fury spur* iis horta right on to the bayonets. Mo«t of the mndcet* hare l-ieen discharged, but Ytnro ball&.tA]c* offeut on the horse, which, even ?whilei-y cheer impetus it-breaks the formation of tills lltUe bond, falls on its knees. The next in «tant a elnbbed muakotcomeu down on the head of tho dragoon officer, and simultaneously a bayonet S« plunged into his body in the left tide and be Siath the breast-plate. Then prone to earth to getherjjo horse and rider. Fresh Britub dragoons: oharge on, and tho 21i&9;Bha}sJQX ia ridden over, every man; bat the %o1Aw1m 'wkjo code like im avenging fury over the4M4^*B»nompre, and over his form, as he 1i-n UiJllim ?»& bruised, rash, friend and enemy — horse *nd foot. fflrmltiTi~r~lr Walter, who had unconsciously ?eeauis brother fall, ia borne away by a. fresh trUBilkOtXIJfflLlVSB, , 'Satnl ?aoonraed Englishman, die!' The firarSiarenttered by a Fronoh grenadier, stained ferocity. And as he spoke a, blow over the head and shoulders sent Walter Lawtence also prone to the earth. Ahasty bayonet-thrust at the. prostrate Englishman, asd the grenadier is borne onward with the throng. A few minutes before, a lieutenant of the 42nd Foot, oheering on the soldiers to the last victori ous charge, is seen to stagger and fall, shot through the breast. Two of his men raise him tenderly, and bear him to the rear. Apparently he is well loved by the men, for even amidst the wild excitement of that hourthey find time for ex pressions of regrot and sorrow. Alas ! poor George Lawrence, honest and true heart, struck down in the very hour of triumph. He iB not dead ; but the blood flowing in a crimson stream from his mouth telk the sad tale that he is shot through the lungs. A few minutes, and those kindly eyes will be f or evor glazed in death ; that once strong hand cold, clammy, nerveless; that brave, honest heart still for ever, Thns on that bloody field we have seen the three brothers of Lawrence Hall fall, the elder cer tainly wounded unto death. The battle is over, and now follows a cruel, bloody pursuit. Worked up to a pitch o£ madness, the victors gave no quarter, nor paused in their work till then* -wearied arms refused longer to wield the reeking sabres. CHAPTER LSII. WALTEB IXABXS THE DEATH OF EI3 BKOTBTSS. Briefly vre will explain how Walter Lawronco fgot into such good hands. , Tho how or why scarce matters: suffice itfor us that the carriage of Louise de Lamballo was borne close past tho spot whore ha lay, brnised and bleeding. She insisted-on the officers who wens escorting herthrough tho«mobof fugitives assisting her to place the wounded Englishman in the carriage. They said im patiently thattlio ' pauvrc didblc' waB dead; hut this did not satisfy Louise, and sho had shortly the satisfaction of seeing him revive a little, and, though incapable oJ speech, thank her with his eyes. She had his wounds seen to at the first oppor tunity, using her influence with ono of the staff surgeons, towhom. having lost hishorse, she g»ve a scat in her carriage — an arrangement which, whilst it suited the doctor, probably saved our hero's life. His hurts were many and dangerous ; a blow oa the head and shoulder, which made a deop contused gash in the former and broke the collar-hone, was not all from which he suffered. To those, the effect of the clubbed musket of the Frenchman who felled him to the ground, were added a bayonet-thrust, which had slightly injured one lung, and bruises and contusions from head to foot Theeo latter were caused by the rush over his prostrate body of friend and foe, horse and foot. However, it is enough for our purpose that, thanks to Louise dc Lamhalle, he is yet alive, and theie are hopes of hie recovery. The wounds have mostly yielded to skilful surgery and healed, but & supervening fever cannot be as es^Rf deolfrwith. Besides which, as he seoms in co^ant pain, the doctors fearthat he has received soiue intcraul injury beyond tho reach of probe and lancet. Day by day Louise, faithful and loving as if she had been his wife, sits by tho side of the couch on which he lies, and watches und prays for symptoms of recovery. At the ond of the fifth weok the violence of the fever, which had already raged for more than a i ortnight, seemed to abate, and he lasped into a etato of semi-con sciousness, some times recognising her and faintly smiling liis gratitude — at others muttering and talking to him self in his delirium. Oftentimes, as Louise sat by his side anxiously watching him, eager to detect if he wanted drink or aught el9e,'taho would hear him murmur the name of a woman. A pang of jealousv shot to her heart. * Florence !' This was the name so often on his lips, and vainly the asked horself, who could the be ? ? Ah !' she said to herself. ? His sister, doubt less, or if not, merely some fantastic creation of Ms favored mind/ Kho could not bear the id«a of his airing for another, and so, to the be«t of her power, dismissed it from her thoughts. Still, how ever, she was not quite easy — vague doubts and fearu would assail. ? He wonld never bo so cruel — so unkind,' she criod impetuously to herself. ' llo must love me — me who love him so passionately. Whence this wild love f I know not. I cannot say ; but there rests tho fact. I love liim! Hove him. I love him!' and as «he repeated the words agaiu and again in low murmuring *-onea, they seemed to Btrike on hor soul like celestial harmony. By-and-by her unceasing care and patience bad their reward, and, though weak .is an infant, the fever left him, and he entirely recovered his reason. Almost the first faint words he breathed were an inquiry as to the fr.te of Th-: packet en trusted to him liy his brother Jaspev. Louise brought it and laid it on hia pillow. She read his agonieing glance aright, and without waiting for the question, said, ' It has been quite safe — sacred in my hands. 1 judged thiic it might relate to private family affairs, so carefully abstained from looking at even tho outside, but. looked it up in my private bureau.' ? How can I ever thank you sufficiently, or repay you for all your kindness ':' he murmured. i Louise thought to herself thut she could sug gest a modo of pnvment if sho choso. However, she did not choose, but left it to time and fate. He niutit have been blind indeed had he not perceived her strong feeling in favour of himself, and callous had ho been insensible. Day by day he regained health and strength slowiy and steadily, audas bc-3id so there dawned upon his mind the knowledge that he was beloved by this biprh-Epiritoii aud beautiful creature. It was no difficult t-isk to conjure up in his own heart an answering sentiment, and long before he could walk twice across the room, ho had kissod and been kissed in return by his fair nurse and hostess. At this timo he knew nothing: of the death of his brothers, George and Jasper, but hoped ere long again to press their hands in old England. Louise, with true woman's tact, kept all docu ments and papers from him which should give him any information as to the British killed ; for though she kisuw not he h:vd brothers in the army, she judgud it likely he might have dear friends. But it could not for ever be concealed from him, and when he asked for English papers, end especially the Gazktte, in which appeared the names of the killed and wounded, sho sent to Paris and caused them to bo procured for him. Tho blow fell heavily on him, and dashed the high spirits which returning health had brought him. ' My poor old father !' he said ; ' this will he a terrible trial for him. Louise, I am, I think, well enough to travel. Filial duty calls me home to my father, who has been left a lonely old man by the death of my tvro brothers.* ' Your brothers — they were then in the battle?' asked Louise, with bated breath. 'Thoy ware— and died the death of soldiers. May God rest ihoir souls ! Louise, I am sura you would not nrg« me to remain away from my father at Etich a time' ' Ah, no j but may I not come, too ? There is ponce now, and I have never seen this island of yours.' * If you please to do so, dearest Louise, I shall bo most happy to introduce you to my father as my kind protectress, whoso tender care a life's de votion cannot repay.' ' Ah, Walter,1 she said, blushing, ' I will gladly accept it as payment.' Before -ioy started, h'owcvei, Walter resolved to open ar,d read tho packet confided to him by his brother Jasper, which his death now placed him at liberty to do. But tho contents of this are of sufficient importance to demand a short chapter. CHAPTEE LXin. . -. WAI- TEIt READS JASPEli'C PACKET. Walter road the papers ri^ht through, and as ^e went on, Louise saw him look first amazed, ien aghast, and then he turned deadly pale, and pausing in his task for a while, buried his face in lit hands, and muttered, half aloud, ' My Sod ! my God ! I never dreamed of the truth till now.' Thus ran the brief record which Jasper Law cenoc had left behind him : — ' I faol firmly persuaded that my trmo on earth s short— that -within a few days, perhaps hours, 1 mall l-enamber«d with the dead, I cannot rest— lannot contemplate ealmly my approaching death rithtbe knowledge that I alone possess the sblu rion ot a mystery whioh nearly effects the honour ttonrfiunOy. I allude to tho mysterious deathof jord John Tollemaoho. ^JjJO^^^X^teJiow^gEpeMd^On, tho fatal evening in question I overtook him aa he was riding home after the duel. The letter which he had, signed *' Florence,' and which my brother Walter believed to have boon addressed him by Miss Veysey, was, in reality, addressed to mo by another lady. Tho false name signed at the foot was to guard against my leaving it about with my notorious carelessness. ? The first line, too, from which sorao of the letter had been torn, was read wrongly, as ' Hy dearest lord.' ? In reality it ran thus :— ' Sly heart's lord.' 'But of this enough— let it suffice that 1 was determined to obtain possession of this letter, and demanded it ofTollemache, when I caught him up on the heath. He angrily refused me ; one word brought on another, until at last I caupht his horse's bridle, and swore he should not proceed, but that I would rather drag him from his saddle, and possess myself of the letter by force. ? Then ho struck mo with his whip. Tffcat followed passed with lightning rapidity. We fought for a second or two, but he had no chance, and finally he fell from his horse from the effect of a blow on the head given with my brother Walter's heavy iron-headed whip. His horse gallopedaway, and I also, horror-E truck at what I lud done, rodo off home. ? I knew he was dead, for I felt the heavy whip break through tho skull as I struck the fatal blow. ? Scarcely hnd I arrived at home, and put up my horse, than I remembered that, from the force of the blow, the whip was broken, and had fallen oa the ground in pieces. ' I was instantly alive to the danger of this cir cumstance, and rodo swiftly hack to the place en tho heath where the body lay. ' BufI took my brother Welter's maro, Firefly, instead of my own horse, which, already lired out, I found lying down. ' I regained a part of tho whip, but was dis turbod by Mr. Everett, who. it seems, mistook rue for my*Ijrothcr Walter. I have JittJa ia add to this. I solemnly declare thut Tollemaohc struck jne first, and that I had no intention of Killing him. 'I also solemnly declaro that had not Miss Florence Veysey so unexpectedly proved an o lihi at tho trial, I should have conto forward, and con fessed that mine was the htind by which the un fortunate nobleman perished. ' My brother, however, having been cleared of all suspicion, I shrank from tho risk, and, above all, the disgrace, of myself having to ctaud my trial. I remembered the old man, our father, anil thought of the trouble and anguish of mind he had already gone through. I saw no use in giving myself up to be tritd for the crime of murder, of which my conscience acquitted me, well knowing how black circumstances looked, and how difficult it would be to establish my innoconce ; bo I held my tongue. Though I am not guilty of murder, I liave other crimos on my hoad, wliich, for the take of another, I am bound not to speak of. I trust that I may find mercy and pardon, and be queath this latter to my foroily — to luy father j and surviving brothers— to deal with as they may think fit. 'Jaspeb Latvtcince.' When he had finished reading the paper his brother had confided to him, he rsmained for & time as one bewildered, and Louise, seeing? that he was deeply affected, -with womnnly t&ct; bade him adieu for a little while. It was arranged that they (should start for Eng land on the following day, nnd his f;iir hostess had made all the necessary arrangements. Walter Law rence, still -Beak, although in a fair way of rapid rocovery, reclined on a couch drawn near a windor facing the south and west. A gentle breeze stirred tho leaves of tho trees in the garden without, and the hum of the bcos in the aspen tree near the window seemed to make up a soothing lullaby. This, with his own weakness, the quiet calm ami reposo which reigned oround, and the genial warmth of the summer tun, csaned Walter Law rence to doze off into a light eleop. His dreams ran en the subject which his brother's last letter had to unexpectedly rciivwl in his miud. The incidents of tho trial, and the time while he was awaiting it in prison, rose vividly bo iore him. He remembered with bitter eulf-ropruaeh the iipults ho had heaped on Florence when phe camo on an errand of mercy to visit him in Jus cell, and he thought how nobly she requited his cccrn and contumely by coming forward, und. at the sacrifice of her own reputation, clc-iiring him from the accusation under irhich ho laboured. Her lovely imosre nppeared to him in a dreuin, lilio a bright angel surrounded by a halo of light. Jn fancy he saw those soft bine eye?, which hail eo often beamed lovingly on him ; lie saw licr smil*, and in his dp-iini he threw himself at her feet, crying, 'Florence, dear Florence, forsrivo me.' ! ' Florence !' ho heard echoed in a srA, BTreot voice, tinfl.awakiug with a start, beheld Louise do Lamballe bending over him. ? Florence ! ' she repeated, with tha least tinge of displeasure in her tone. ? Who, then, is tUis Florence, of whom you raved inyourdelu-rum.and whose name you even nowmurnturin Tourdro;iuiar You have never told mo of her, und'yct I think, Walter, 1 deserve your confidence.' Tho young officer coloured with vexation and shamo. ' Ionise,' ho said, after consulorinjr lor a moment, ? it is, as yon cay, right that you pbould have my confidence, Ea I will tell you all if you will bo seated aud listen.' He made room for her on the Ottoman besi-ie himself, and seating herself the awaited what he should say. The yellow rays of tho setting cun shone on her f nee and figure, her luxuriant block hair shone like satin, her dark eyes epai-kldd. brightly, and a tinge of carnation uiight lie seen breaking through the lich olivo of hor cheek. She was, in truth, very beautiful, of a stylo of beauty only to be seen among the daughters of t he eunny soutli — figure, middle size, osquisitoly moulded, supple and pliant ; anus and hands formed afUT the antique, buEt and nock w^ll developed nnd shaped, and surmounted by a Email classic head, with thin aristocratic nose ; mouth luscious, temp ting, eyes largo, dark, melting, ond a complexion of u pure pale olive, moro beautiful, ^Vitlter thought at tho -iine, than that of any Monde he had «v«r seen. In her presence Walter all but forgot his old love, anil pereuaded himr.elf easily thatthe young Frenchwoman commanded his heart as she did Iuk gratituda and admiration. . ? You ask me, Louise,' he said, while he tondovly hold.hor hand, ' who is this Florence whom vou have overheard mo Bpeak of in my drencis and delirium. Alas ! thcretohaugs a trad rale, with v.hich Ineed not now trouble you. In England, before I saw you, I knew and loved Florence Veysey; cir cumstances arose which caused an estrangement betwen us. I believed her false to me (unjustly, aB it turned out), and rudely and harshly repulsed hor efforts at reconciliation. Time convinced me of my error, and I in turn sought for pardon. It woe she who ropuked, scorned, and for ever dis missed me from hor presence. I loved her deeply, Louise; and havs no with to disguise the fact from you, and I think at one time sho loved me. Now, however, all is over between us for ever. Wo shall probably noror meet again; if we. do, it will bo as strangers. 1 believe it is more tho tragic and important events with which she was connected caused me to droam of her than any lingering of love. I have long since renounced . end expelled her from my heart' 'You say,' askod Louise, gravely, 'that yon asked her forgiveness and sho refused you P' ' I did, Lonise ; but it was before I Baw you. I shall never seek to see her again, believe ma.' ?Believe j=e yon will, Walter Lawrence, she re plied, quickly. 'Much as I love yau, I will not rob another of her rights, or accept a heart half owned.' ' What is it yon mean ?' asked Walter, aghast. *I mean, my dearest, that lyou shall seek out this English lady and again beseech her pardon. If she again refuses, then I am yours for over ; but should she repent of her (ill-humour, I will surrender you to hor, in having tho priorclaiin.' ?Ah I Louise,' cried Walter, sadly, 'you cannot love ma to talk like that.' She clasped hor hand?, and gazing upwards, murmured, ? Not love him 1 Man Dial ! ho says . do not love him ! Ah I my dear friend, you know me not, nor how truly, how fondly I love you. Bat I am proud and wilful, and I have made up my mind that you shall again seek forgiveness or the English beauty. Ifshaagain refuse.itis her fault, and you whom she spurns from her I will take to my heart.' ' It roust be as you please, I Bupposo,' said Walter, submissively. ? Tho only result will bo a gainful .and *tormy interview'. ' If yon insist, I shall ask, without expecting, or even wishing, that my prayer may bo granted.' Walter, as he thus spoke, quite believed ho was sincere. They say 'absence makes tha heart prow fonder,' but therefrom I beg to differ. Had Florence Voysoy at that moment been by his side in place of Louise de Lamballe, it is very doubtful whother old associations — old memories rising in his breast — would not have kindled anew, with as fierce a flame as over, that love which he thought ho had quenched. Even Louise do Lamballe, though she had herself proposed and insisted on the test, felt a little nneasy and alarmed at her rashness. But ever sanguine and hopeful, she consoled herself thus, — ? He lovea me now, and if when he loved her 6ho refused her forgiveness, how much more will sha now when his potition is but coldly nnd indifferently urged! Ah! yes, fate will never bo so cruel as to tear liim away from me, now that I have entwined him in lay heart.' Still sho was not quite easy, and but for her pride iroulJ hiive allowedlhim to forgoe tho ordeal. But fate or accident ordained that it should not be put tho test, but decided in a manner strange and unexpected. The nest day they started together for England. CHAPTER LX1V. NliWS TB.0S VfATEELOO. The glorious news of the victory of Waterloo took the English nation by Gm-priso- Tho defeat of the enemy was so utter, hopeless, and unpre cedented, aud, as a consequence, iho march on Paris almost unopposed. A long, nrduous, and pcrlmps dubious campaign had been expected ; but the splendid gerieralihip of tho Duke, backed by the no lesa splendid valour of his troops, had overt In-own the empire of Xapoleon in tho three days beginning with Quarta-Bras and ending with Waterloo; for after this last battle there was nowhere any resistance. Tho great battle woe won — the war was over, and all England rejoiced nnd made merry. In those nays there were no tolegmphs or railways, but epecial messengers — couriers and tho royal mails— carried the glad tidings into every corner of the United Kingdom. Everywhere there were festivities, illuminations, bonfires; and as the news flew through the land, tho bells of the churches rang forth peak of joy. Kut af tcr tho first wild enthusiasm consequent on tho victory had subsided, thero came other and sndder news — the lists of the killed and wounded, vrhich did not arrive for many days after the re sult of tho (Treat battle was known. Old Squire Lawrence, whojhad slowly recovered from. Uie mislancholy which late sad events htui cast biin into, was almost frantic with delight when he heiird of the victory of Wellington ar-d tho total overthrow of hie bete 7t«ir, tho Corsican. He gave all his labourers a week's holiday — gave carle blanche at the village alehouses for all who liked to drink, himself being responsible tor the score, and besides, liberally distributed money and food to those who wore in want. Never was there such a merry-making as this. Booths were erected, and dancing and singing wont on day and ; night. But at the conclusion of this week's saturnalia. the dread intelligence came — the lists of the killed and wounded. There was a grand party that night in honour of tho victory at Lawrence Hall. Lights gleamed from every window in front of the fine old fashioned building, and the sounds of music and mirth within told that all 'wont merry as n. marriage-bell.' But in tho midst of it all there rode up a horse man on a tired horse. He was one who had been dftspatrfied to London by the fequiro for par ticulars. Already the old man had grown anxious and fearful throueh not hearing of hie sons. The villagers, looking towards tho brilliantly lighted Unl], noticed that long before midnight carriages slowly rolled away from the door. Then one by one tho lights wont out — one by one the windows were darkened. The simple villngors g&zed; in each other's faces, and knew that something was amiss. Tha morning dawend on tho old Hall in «n un wonted garb. The shutters of tvery window wero still up, and over tho portico hung the ancient escutcheon of tho Lawrences of Lawrence Hall. Tho old Squire Bat at the table in the great hall, his face buried in his hands. He had ro mained thus all night, and ? refused to move or even partake of refreshment ; by his side was a lipt, and among the nauies therein chronicled — ox' those killed, wounded, or lnissirur from Quatre 13ras, on the lGtli, to Waterloo— were these :— 1 Lieut. George Lawrence, 4 2nd Light Inf., killed at Waterloo. 'Lieut. Jasper Lawrence, — th Dragoons, killed at Waterloo. ' Lieut. Walter LawTOnce, — th Dragoons, killed at Waterloo.' This was the terrible news which had so ntrY-rlv proi-trafced the old Squire. ' Walter, my youngest born — tho Lord in his mercy might have spared him to my old age,' he gioaned. ' Xow I am alone — a childless, wretched, hopeless old man.' For days he remained in a 6tato of stupor, t.-.kiDfr a little refreshment, when brought to him, as it welo jnechanically, but seeming neither to notice nor care for anything that went ou around him. I One day there arrived a lady in a travelling carriage — a lady in deep mouruijjg, who asked for and was admitted to his presence. At first he did not recognise hor, so she made herself ? I am Florence Vcys?y ,' kIio s uid . ' I loved your younger son — loved him ueiirer than iife, and though ho is dead I Mill ever lovo him, and wear mourning tor hie memory. You ore childlesB, Squire Lawrence, let me be a daughter to you. We ore companions in affliction; both bereaved by the Eame etroke. Let us comfort one These- worJs, and the voice in which they wero spoken, melted the old man's heart, and he shod tx'ai-6 — tho first since the terrible nevr« which had almost overthrown hia reason. So Florence re mained as a guest with the bereaved father, and even amidst her own deop grief, sought to solace and aseuago his sorrow. CHAPTKE LXV. CONCLUSION. Time passed on, and the bitter poignancy of Squire Lawrenee'6 grief gave place to a settled melancholy. He never groaned or complained now — but he never smiled — aud the old cheery tones of his voice were no longer heard. Ho was an altered man — thinner, more bent, with a step which ceemed day by day to crow more tottering, a hand more unsteady. Tho old man was break ing up, and often'exprcssed his conviction that he was not long for this world, bat hopod to rejoin his ? Iwys' in another. A week — a fortnight — a month — when.lo! at other arrival. A travelling carriage with four horses and postilions drives up to the portal of the Hull. Bob Flindare, tho whipper-in (or rather the late whipper-in, for the hounds have been eoldi. is there talking to the old butler, who has held his place for 40 years, when this carriage drives up. Staring in Btupid astonishment, for the Squiro received no company now, they see a gentleman enveloped in a military cloak alight, accompanied by a lady — a. dark, handsome, foreign-looking1 beauty. The gentleman is pale, apparently weak, and has his left arm in splints. ' Ah ! Bob, how ore you ? and you, too, Saundersf They all believed him dead. ' God bless my soul, if it ain't Master Walter,* cried the old butler, while tears ran down his cheeks; 'this'll be glorious news for the Squire.' ?My father! How is he?' asked Walter, eagerly. ? Bad enough, Waster Walter, bad enough. Fve never seen him suile since the day the news came you young gentlemen were all killed.' ' My brothers, alas ! have fallen,' said Walter, sadly; 'but I have been spared. So they reported mo killed T ' Yes, oir.' ? Wnorc is my father. I will go to him at once.' ? 1 n the dining-hall, sir. But won't yon .let me break itto him firstf ' Xo, no — I will carry my news myself. Louise, I will rejoin you in a few moments. Saundcrs, send some of the female servants to attend on this lady.' Tho next moment Walter wns inthe presence of uis father and Forenco Veysey. They were sitting in one of the. old tjindowa, .and -when he entered neither saw him. Tho old man had his side face towards him, and was leaning hack in his chair with folded hands, listening, while sho read to him. Walter could not see her face, and tho tone of her voice was too low for kirn to recognise. He stepped eoftly up to them, scarcely glancing at the- lady in mourning ; he noticed with pain how aged and worn his father appeared. The old man's eyes were now closed; hia thin, white hair just stirred by the breeze which blow from tho open window. Walter could hardly realise in tho thru, bowed figure and pad, palo face the onco jovial Squiro of Lawrenco Hall. Wishing to end this state of things, he opoke, — ? Father 1' The old man opened his eyes, stared vacantly at him, and then with a faint cry, sank back in his chair. 1 Ah J it is the ghost of Walter, my youngest,, my dearest son.' Simultaneously tho lady turned her head. She knew it was no ghost. She sprang to her feetrand with a piercing shriek threw horself in tho arms of her lover. * Ko, no — bo ghost — but alive 1 You arij alive, Walter, are you not?' she.cried, hysterically. 'Yes, I know you ore. I can feel your warm fiesli. Oh, Walter, Walter, we thought you dead — uiy own dariing.' Thon she burst into a passion of tears, nnd laid her head on his shoulder. But almost irjim*:diat«iy remembering, and recovering herself, Bhe dragged him up to the old man. Hois alive, sir; vour son, Walter — no ghost, but alive,' sho criodl half sobbing all the while. Slowly Iho old man awakened to tho happy truth, and when Walter kneoledot hisfuot, joyous tears from tho old man's eyes rained on his head, and laying thereon his weak and trembling hands, ho murmured his gratitude to the Giver of all good. ? Oh ! God, I thank Theo for this crowning mercy. Kov,- my footsteps shall bsar me rejoicing through the rest of my life's pilgrimage ; tho world is no longer os the ' valley of the phadon of death.' Come, dear boy,' he taid, risins, 'w- will set all tho bolls ringing. I'll give every one on the estate a month's holiday. I'll have ievery barrel of beer out of tho cellar rolled on tho lawn. I'll have every ox and every sheep roasted whole. I'll start tho hounds n»min. Hurrah ! yoicks I tallyho!' Shortly ho got more composed. 'So you two mean to get married, I suppose, now,' ho eaid to the pair. Florence was clinging fondly to hor restored lover, but at tho word marriage he started away eo suddenly as to alarm her. * Whatis the matter, Walter?' * Louise !' ho cried, turning pole ; ' I have a lady with me, a young French lady, who saved my life and has treated mo with the utmost kind ness.' * Louise is hero !' and so speaking, Mademoiselle do Lamballe advanced to the trio. She was deadly pale, but kept her composure. ' Miss Florence Veysey,' she said, * I have heard of you from this gentleman. lam only too hajipy to be able to restore you your lover. I beg one favour in return.' ?And that is?' askod Florence, eagerly, who suspected not the truth. * That I may be your bridesmaid. ?Willingly I1 replied Floronee, blushing. Walter hero drew Louise on one side. ? Mademoi selle,' ho said, looking ashamed nnd agitated, 'what can 1 Eay — what can I do ? 1 will honour ably redeem ruy word wiUi you — I will marry you. Forgive mo that old memories and a passing weakness ? ' here his voice faltered, 'caused me to forget that I was bound in duty and honour to you.' 'Sit, I will release* you. I am too proud to accept ft heart not all my own. You know and loved this lady before you saw me, and therefore ore in no way to blamo. You quarrelled — ch I Won, the lady has made it rrp. Wliat more do you ?wsnt r Come, sir, take the hand of your Thus speaking, she led him up to Florence and placed her hand In his, saying with a suiilo, ' You see, I am imitating the ofiice of a priest. But what agony that smile and the sacrifice che bo nobly made cost her, none knew but herself. Walter partially knew and appreciated it; though ho eaid nothing. Before finally deciding, however, he had n. lon-r private interview with Louise. Ho would gladly have sacrificed his owu happiness to 6pare his benefactress a I-p.-j. Uut'ehc was kindly in exorable. ' It filia.ll be as I say. You EhiH be married, and I will be your friend.' This \va.s her ultima tum. , And they wore married, and Louiio de Lambr.Ue was indeed their friend. Kono ever know but Walter that this beautiful French girl had ever loved him, though once or twice Florence soeinir Louise regard him with a, strange, pad expression in her dark eyes, h id eouio faint suspicion of the truth. The Souire regained hia health nnd spirits, and started the hounds again, and for ninny years his cheerful voiiv and l:iugh might be heard as of old. Of the fate of Julia, no oso ever heard. The Marquis of Slontaerrat went mad, or nulier his niaducss grow more dangerous, aud he had to be attended by keepers. Sir Frederick became reconciled to Ms daughter. There was a happv wedding ; uud amid t!n- jang ling of the church bells :ind the cheers of the people, wo will let fall the curtain on this ' strange, eventful history.' THE IXD. 