PARLIAMENTARY RETROSPECT. The session- which was. brought to a dose yesterday terminated the legislative career of the ninth Parliament which has been, elected since constitutional govern-. ment was conferred upon the colony. (Jar retrospect this year will therefore extend further back than usual The occasion is a fitting one for reviewing the work, not only of the session just ended, but also of the two years, which -preceded- it. There is a special, propriety in adopting this course at the present time, because, contrary to all precedent in South Aus tralia, substantially the same Ministry which met the electors in 1878 will unfold the Government policy in 18SL It is. true there have been two changes in the personnel of the Cabinet. Consequent upon the elevation of Mr. Boucaut to the Bench, and the retirement of Mr. .Neville Blyth in 1873, the present .Attorney General and Minister of Education took office. The Chief Secretary became the head of the Ministry, and the Treasurer the leader in , the. Assembly. Neverthe less, in its traditions and in its general policy the Ministry which took oflice in the year. £1877 is the ..Ministry which has continued to hold the reins of govern ment throughout the whole of the present Parliament. Looking at the policy which was announced in the speech of the Ad ministrator of the Government delivered on May 31, 1878, it is instructive to observe the departures which have been made from the programme as then arranged. It is scarcely less edifying to note that some of the promises which were then made were only fulfilled at the last moment. Hon. gentlemen were then told— 'You will be asked to make provision for the removal of a portion of the Railway 'Workshops to a convenient locality.' The discussion on this Bubject, it will be remembered, took place last week, and it was only then that authority was given for the necessary out lay. Similarly with regard to the Northern Territory, as to which legislation was promised, it was only yesterday that the measure for encouraging the sugar planting industry in that settlement passed its final stages, and as sanctioned by Parliament the object and scope of the Bill are materially different from the provisions contained in it when brought in by the Minister of Education. We have mentioned these two instances because they furnish a fair sample of what the Ministerial policy has been. Ib has been characterized by a subtle power of adaptation and a tendency to delay rather than by vigorous originality and prompti tude. In fact on many questions it has been a aeries of dissolving views, one pic ture so gradually merging into another that it is only by an effort of memory or by a reference to the records of the past that one is able to recall what the original intention was. The Northern Territory policy may again be cited as a case in point. First of all it was 'to encourage the immigration to that part of the colony of European people who may be disposed to settle there —whether in village communities or otherwise.' Then it was to grant con cessions to Signori Achille Fazzari and Menotti Garibaldi Subsequently it wa3 to ' enter into an agreement with certain capitalists for the granting of an extensive area of land on certain conditions of cul tivation,' and finally as shaped by Par liament it was the scheme embodied in the Northern Territory Sugar Culti vation BilL Similar characteristics have marked, the public works policy of the Government. They began with a deter mination to do nothing at present with regard to intercolonial railway communi cation, and with a strong disposition to favour the TVentworth route. This was very soon displaced by a master- stroke of Mr. Boucaut, who by amending a motion of Mr. Ward's on Intercolonial Railway Communication succeeded in inducing the House to authorize the construction of the Nairne Railway. The extension of the Burra line and the connection of that line with the Port Pirie and Port Augusta Bail ways were but continua tions of the policy which had been left in an incomplete state by the previous Parliament This is true, too, of the Karracoorte and Tatiara line ; while the proposed railways from Ttivertonto Clare, from Blyth to Magpie Creek, and from Gladstone to Georgetown, are still among the works which Parliament has declined to sanction. 'The erection of a shel tered pier at Largs Bay in order to facilitate and secure the calling at Port Adelaide of the large ocean steamers now trading regularly between Great Britain and the, Australian Colonies' seems further off from accomplish ment than ever, and during the last session the Government did not even bring the subject under the notice of Parliament. Considerable ad ditions have been made to the waterworks of the country, and some steps have been taken towards providing dams and wells in the Far North, but for the most part the schemes which have been authorized have been on a comparatively small scale, and but little progress has been made towards maturinga general plan which will meet the requirements of the colony at large. With the exception of the fatal mistake which ha3 been made in the gauge of the Port Augusta Railway and in the connecting line from Terowie to Pichirichi, which will seriously interfere with future extensions northwards, the ground ia left compiratively clear in all direc tions for the enunciation of a public works policy which will meet the future requirements of the colony. I' is worth recording in this connection thai among the most useful of the undertaking! promised and authorized daring the cur rency of the present Parliament is the scheme for the drainage of the City of Adelaide. The financial policy of the Government has had a chequered history. Taxation was one of the questions with which they were pledged, to deaL Yet, singularly enough, in the programme placed before the : country in 1878 it was implied that there was no imme diate need for additional taxation. Nevertheless proposals were submitted for levying additional burdens both in 1S7S and 1879. Both schemes miscarried, and this year the subject was quietly shelved with tbe promise that it should be made a burning question at the next elections. A similar fatality has -attended tbe Parliament Buildings question, which was- another of the subjects the present Ministry undertook to settle. One or two feeble attempts have been made to deal with it ; but it is practically left just where it was fora future Parliament to take in hand. In regard to the Electoral Law the Govern ment have been only partially successful They have indeed succeeded in passing a Consolidated Electoral Act ; but the re arrangement of the districts is a work for the future. On this matter they mistrusted their own judgment. Instead of dealing with the question in a bold and scientific manner, they consented to a compromise which satisfied no one, and would at the best have been only a very temporary solution of the difficulty, and in the end they suc ceeded in doing nothing. Nor have they been more successful .with Upper House reform. Their measures for accomplishing this, whether introduced in the Assembly or in the Council, have come to an un timely end, partly, we cannot but think, owing to the want of judgment which they displayed. Turning to questions into which leas of party spirit enters, their settlement^ the education question has been only a very partial success. The machinery for carrying out the com pulsory clauses is by no means so com plete as it could be made, and the efforts of the present and of the late Minister of Education have not been marked by that boldness and breadth of view which might reasonably have been expected. Nevertheless, the present Parliament has made some very valuable additions to the Statute-book. The Supreme Court Procedure Act was unquestionably a long step forward in the right direction. It is true the Attorney-General was twice defeated in his attempts to provide the country districts with facilities for the administration of justice ; but the Act for extending the jurisdiction of the Local Courts, for which we are indebted to Mr. Bray, will do something towards removing the disabilities from which resi dents at a distance from Adelaide suffer. The amendment of the Real Property Act was likewise a valued and much-needed reform. The consolidation of the law affecting Municipal Corporations is also an achievement for which the present Parlia ment may take a fair share of credit. It is too much to hope that the measure is free from blemishes, and that it will not require amendment ; but in addition to making several improvements in the law as it existed before, it consolidates in one measure all the enactments relating to municipal bodies. The Insolvency Bill has been so identified with Mr. Mann's Parliamentary career, and it has been so frequently promised, that it is difficult to realize that it has now passed into law. By far the greatest Bhare of the credit for this is due to Mr. Fowler. His intelli gent and exhaustive criticism of the Bill brought in by the Attorney- General led to its withdrawal and to the substitution for it 'of the more perfect measure which yesterday received the assent of His Excellency the Governor. After many hairbreadth escapes the Licensed Victual lers Bill finally passed the gauntlet of both Houses only the day before the pro rogation, and it is a work in which the Commissioner of Crown Lands and the Parliament may be pardoned for feeling some pride. Some of the- strictly legal enactments will also, we believe, be of great service. Among them may be mentioned the Act for amending the law relating to settled estates. The measure for appointing a Public Trustee is an experiment which is worthy of trial, and may turn out in every respect suc cessful. As regards intestate estates the functions of this official may be exer cised with advantage, though it is open to question whether the powers conferred upon him in other directions will be of such general utility as seems to be expected by the Attorney GeneraL. It is not necessary to refer in detail to other measures passed ; some of which, such as the Conspiracy and Masters and Servants Acts, were intended to bring the law here into harmony with the spirit of the age ; and others, such as the Rabbit Act, were intended to cope with urgent and pressing grievances. Special mention must, however, be made of the alterations of the land laws which have been made by the present Parlia ment. Hot only has it dealt with the Far North country and framed provisions with the view of affording liberal concessions to those who take up land for bona-fide pastoral purposes, but it has also made most material altera tions in the law relating to credit selec tors. The method of disposing of lands npon credit at auction has been altered, and a very material extension of time has been granted for the payment of the purchase-money. Instead of being required, as heretofore, to complete his purchase in nine years, the selec tor will now have twenty years. The credit of this last reform is due largely to Mr. Krichauff and the Farmers' Associa tions. It is true the latter were not entirely agreed as to the nature of the concessions which they should ask for ; but it is due to their persistency that the question has been dealt with by the present Parliament. It is at present almost too early to pronounce upon the working of the various changes to which we have referred. There appears, however, every reason for hoping that they will on the one hand encourage the taking up and utilizing of { the Far North country, and on the other hand that they will enable selectors in many cases to combine pastoral and agri. cultural pursuits, and by affording them ampla time will enable them to pay oS the purchase-money ot their holdings at the periods specified in their agreements. It would be absurd to suppose that finali-. - in land legislation has yet been reivc'iv.! ; but the Parliament ia entitled togrei, praiiefor the very material improvement} which it has effected in the laws affrctin ? both pastoral lessees and credit selectors. Even the failures of the Parliament, have not been without certain compen sating advantages. It has failed to settlj the question of taxation, or to revise the present unequal tariff ; but it has been engaged in frequent discussious uj-r-n the financial situation, and these discussions have unquestionably borne good fruit. Many members have a much more intelli gent conception of the subject now than they had in 1878. Nor is this all One outcome of these discussions was to be Been iu the appointment of the Public Works Commission. Another was in tho appointment of the Finance Commission. Both of these Commissions have already M rendered very valuable service. The V labours of Mr. Cooke, backed up by Mr. ^ Fowler and others, have especially led to the Assembly exercising a much more intelligent control over the loan, as well as over tho ordinary expenditure than they formerly did, anil they will xiltimately lead to a more rational and intelligible method of stating the public accounts. Tho pro mised appointment of a Civil Service Commission is also partly traceable to tho same source ; and though tho connection is somewhat more remote, yet the reduction in the railway tariff for wheat partly owes its origin to that careful scrutiny of the figures submitted by the Government which the Parliament has acquired tho habit of making. Evon some of tho mistakes of tho Government have turned out to be for tuo best. No one now will maintain that it is nut a good thing that this colony is not bound to any ocean mail contract, and that after our temporary arrangement with Victoria has terminated we shall bo free to mako what arrangements we please. It is truo the sudden cessation of the Murray River ^ Convention was a Berious inconvenience to * many of our traders, and we believe a serious Iobs to the community, and it is much to be regretted that no progress has been made towards establishing a Customs Union between South Australia and others of the colonies ; but at any rate our pro sent position leaves us perfectly free to enter into any arrangements in the future which may appear to be likely to serve the interests of the country. Looking back upon the past three sessions it must be admitted that a largo amount of legislation has been accom plished. No less than 114 measures have been added to the Statute-book. Some of these of course are of Bocon dary importance and others are private Acts ; but several of them, as we have already indicated, deal with great public questions in a manner which is upon the whole satisfactory. The failures have been numerous, both this year and last. During the Bession just ondod no loss than eleven Bills were rejected and ten were withdrawn. The Marine L&w; ; the Build ing Society Law ; the law for regu lating the construction of buildings ; the improvement of our outports ; tho settlement ot a scheme for the purchase of wharfs and wharf frontages ; the Chinese question ; the amendment of the Constitu tion Act ; the framing of some scheme for ensuring fair and equal representation ; taxation and the revision of the taritf ; diseases in stock ; the Parliamentary Buildings, question ; aud the cornplo tion of our educational legislation— these are all matters left . over for a future Parliament to deal with. Above all, it is now high timo that a do finite policy was framed with, regard to the extension of our railway system, anil that some plan was devised for the storing of water throughout tho country. During the last three sessions there has been a sort of reaction from the restless activity which marked the previous administra tion of Mr. Boucaut. It will bo a great mistake, however, if we allow ourselves simply to live from hand to mouth. There never was a time in our history when wiso and far Beeing statesmen could render better service to tho country than at the present time. We cannot continue dealing with spocial grievances and particular requirements in a piece meal, haphazard fashion. This has been too much the habit of the prosent Parliament ; and though it has rendered good service, it will be well that in this respect at least the custom established by it should be more honoured in the breach than in tbe observance. The Locax. Coci'.ts Bill.— The storm provoked in the Assembly on Wednesday by the discovery that tho Government purposed reserving the Local Courts Bill for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure thcroon has had the desired effect, and the measuro, without having to undergo that for mality, is now the law of the land. It wUl be remembered that at the last moment on Wednesday the Treasurer, acting under irresistible pressure, gave a reluctant promise to the House that something would be done to avert Ihe necessity for referring the Bill to the Imperial authorities. The expedient hit upon was to bring down a message from the Governor recommending that the amount over which Local Courts aro to have jurisdiction should be reduced from £500 to ,£400, and that the power of appeal in matters of fact as well as of law should be granted to the Supreme Court in respect of all actions for a larger sum than £100. The House upon receiving this message promptly assented to the first proposal, but rejected the second. It is probable that had the clause providing for the appeal been less sweep ing in its scope it would have been adopted, but the majority agreed with Mr. Bray in thinking that to give the Supreme Court power npon a question of fact alone to reverse the decisions of the Magistrates was practically to nullify the extended jurisdiction of the Local Courts. Certainly the Government have no reason to complain that/this part of their proposed compromise should have miscarried. The way the House has been trifled with in the m atter justifies the resentment it manifestly feels, and the Treasurer may congratulate himself that the majority had no oppor tunity of giving more emphatic and tangible expression to its dissatisfaction than was giveri on Wednesday. Tho Legislative Council endorsed almost without remark the action of tha Assembly with regard to the Governor'3 message, and the Government had no alternative but to present the Bill for His Excellency's assent. It is worthy of mention that in the Council the Chief Secretary magnanimously took npon himself the entire responsi bility of endeavouring to conceal froav Parliament the discovery that had been made in reference to the BilL It is scarcely fair, however, that he shoald stand alone in the matter, for the state of the case was at all events known to the Treasurer and the Attorney- General, who ought to have been better able to gauje the temper of the Honse and more alive to what is due to a Parliament which has treated them with unvarying and ex ceptional forbearance and consideration than to try to steal a march, upon members, are also open to censure. Of course the Chief Secretary must bear a large portion of the blame of the most astound ing blunder — to use no harsher term — and he and his colleagues cannot wonder if their attempted sharp practice h seriously brought up in judgment against them when next they meet Parliament. The Hahbitbg Lottery Swetdle. — Mr. Sandoyer is deserving of all praise fur his persistent endeavours to bring the authorities to a sense of their duty in connection with the recent exposure of the Hamburg lottery swindle. It is diffi cult to understand why it is that, so far cb the public are aware, nothing has teen done to set the law in motion for the punishment of those who are the principal actors in this dis graceful attempt to gull and victimize the unwary. Granting that the Chief Secretary can justly claim immunity from blame in this affair by reason of his many pressing engagements, is there no one whose business it 13 to take action to vindicate the cause of law and morality I Among the thousands of officers to be found in scores of departments charged with the duty of seeing that respect is paid to the legislation of the country, is there none who can be called to account for neglecting to take steps to punish deliberate and outrageous breaches of the Lottery Act I No douot the most effective way ot exploding such a swindle as that meditated is to let the light of day into it, and that we have done ; but those associated with it, and those who have violated the law in giving publicity to their scheme and thus furthering their nefarious designs upon a credulous public, should, if possible, be made an example of through the Courts. It may ? be perfectly true that it is difficult to ensure a conviction under the Lottery Act, but there hare been convictions under its provisions, and in far less flagrant cases than the one in question. It is to be hoped, now that the Chief Secretary has been relieved from attendance upon Par liamentary duties — which, it must be ad mitted, have been most onerous — that he will take an early opportunity of looking into the case and stimulating the sluggish. zeal of those upon whom properly devolves the task of prosecuting for breaches of the law. In this instance a fraud ha3 been committed upm the Post-Office, and defiance has been bidden to the Lottery Act, and the interests of society demand that no pains should be spared for bring ing the principal offenders to justice. The Fatal Accident at thb North Adelaide Station. — The unfortunate accident through which an employe' at the North Adelaide Station lost his life on Monday, although one of those casual ties which may rarely happen, never theless demands careful enquiry at the hands of the Government. The unfor tunate victim, Thomas Hughes, was, it appears, engaged in painting trucks on one of the sidings- in the station. Some other trucks were coming up on another line, and the pointsman, by mistake, as he himself admits, shunted them on to the line wliere Hughes was at work, and before the blunder cculd be rectified the two lots of trucks had come together, and Hughes, caught between the buffers, was crushed to death. We gather | from the evidence given at the inquest that the misplacement of the points occurred through the pointsman Pierce having other duties to attend to at the same time, and that he became con fused. It would appear from the state ments of the Stationmaster that Pierce is an efficient pointsman, and is regarded as being an exceedingly trustworthy officer. Unfortunately he had too many things to do at once, and the result was that he lost his presence of mind and committed the error which led to the fatal casualty of Monday last. It may be inferred from the testimony of the Stationmaster that no special duties are assigned to any of the officials engaged in working about the Btation-yards. This may be perfectly right, inasmuch as the work must differ greatly from day to day, but it does not explain the fact that on an important occasion, comparatively speaking, when trucks were being shunted about the yards by an engine, the person whose duty it was to look after the points was compelled or permitted to attend to some thing else at the same time. The recommendation made by the J ury, that separate gatekeepers and pointsmen should be employed, is worthy of atten tion ; and, at all events, should it not prove worth while to appoint Buch officials in the station-yard, where only the repairs to trucks and other things of the kind are being carried on, the Government should at least issue orders which will obviate the recurrence of such an accident as that of Monday. It i3. not to be tole rated that men should lose their Iivs3 — as Hughes did — through blunders con sequent upon the imposition of multi farious and incongruous duties upoa one officer. Tarn Cotop*xi. — The steamship Cotopaxi fassed Cape Borda at 11 30 last sight, and may be expee'ed to reach the anchorage between 8 and 9 o'clock this morning. The Gotopaxi left I lymouth on September IS with 431 passengers, and consequently, including stoppages, has occu pied forty-one days on the passage oat. VisrroBS to Uxlbossmb.— His Excellency the Governor, attended by his Private Secretary (lieutenant Jervois), the Commissioner of Public Works, and the Treasurer] intend leaving for Melbourne by either the Cotopaxi or Bosetta. Thi ATT0Binrr.-GB3rKUx.— Mr. Bondey has gone down to the South-Eastern District to attend the Circuit Courts there in the capacity of Grown Prosecutor, Mr. Andrews, the Crown Solicitor, being -somewhat indisposed. Tbb Bkpobthd Outbreak is Kabci.— Ik would appear that the intelligence which La* been received from Kabul as to the uprising of the Amir's troops and the murder of Abdnr B«frm«n is absolutely incorrect. A telegram published by us yesterday intimated that there was considerable .doubt as to the truth of the statement, and now information has been re ceived by the Government of India, which prates that the reports which have been current as to the state of affairs in Kabul are incorrect. It i» stated that nothing has transpired recently in the city to give grounds for anxiety. IwaOBATfOH. — We understand that the Co n misaioner of Crown Lands, having instructed h« Immigration Agent foe South Australia in London to charter a full ship for the con veyance of assisted immigrants to this colony, has received intimation -tk*t the Star ot India has accordingly been chartered to sail from Plymouth on December 1. Stobms asb Floods m Ekglascd.— Out tele grams this morning inform as that a sacoessioa «f storms has pawed over many parts of Bug land during the paat week. Heavy falls of rain have taken place, which have been the caoseof severe floods, which in some parts have dona considerable mischief. Uxlbt MonciFAurr.— A meeting of tfce ratepayers in the Goodwood Ward «f the Unley municipality was held oa Thursday night, a* the Goodwood Park Hotel, for the purpose of ? nominating a candidate to fill the vacancy in the Council caused by the death of Oaoncillor Boberts. There -m a fair attendance, and Coun cillor Evan* presided. Mr. W. D. Hewer pro posed Mr. William Bishop for the vacancy, and Mr. F. Leak seconded the motion. Mr. Bishop expressed his views and stated he would do his best to premote the interests of the ratepayers. A number of questions were put to the candi date, which were satisfactorily answered, and the motion was then carried unanimously. Pkobogatioh of Pabuakbht. — The pro seedings in Parliament on Thursday, as usual in the closing day, were characterized by a very mbdued tone, and hon. members, especially of he Lower House, wore generally an unsettled ,hongh somewhat jubilant air at the prospect -f their approaching dismissal from the arduous luties of the session. In the Council, which net at half-past 11 o'clock, the Hon W. Sand -ver directed the attention of the Chief Sec retary to the Hamburg Lottery affair, about which Mr. Morgan said he had not yet had time ;o make enquiries ; and the Hon. R. A. Twlton mentioned the subject of the transcontinental railway, expressing the hope that the Chief Secretary would take it into consideration luring the recess. Mr. Morgan, in his reply, remarked that he was convinced that the only iray in which the railway could be constructed in our time would be by concessions of grants of land to the persons undertaking the construc tion of the line. The message from the Sovernor transmitted by the Assembly with reference to the Local Courts Bill was dealt with and the Honse adjourned till 3.30. The assembly also met at 11 JO, and at the instance if the Minister of Education agreed to the imendments made by the Legislative Council in the Northern Territory Sugar Cultivation BilL Mr. King said that the amendments were in improvement on the BUI as it left the assembly — a statement with which he was good twmouredly twitted by several hon. members, who on this occasion were general in their expressions of gratitude at the existence )f an Upper House. A message was received from the Governor suggesting amendments in the Local Courts Bill, one of which was adopted, ind the House then adjourned till 3-30. Shortly Before that time a detachment of the Adelaide EUties, nnder Captain France, Lieutenants Curtis and Thomson, who formed a guard of oonour, tock up their station outside Parlia ment House, end just after half-past 3 His Excellency entered the Legislative Council Chamber, accompanied by Colonel Downej, OaptsiB Fergnsson, A.D.C., and Lieutenant Jervois, Private Secretary. The members of the Assembly having been summoned, the Speaker presented various Money Bills, which, with others passed this session that had not dready been assented to, received the viceregal issent. His Excellency then delivered the closing speech, declaring Parliament prorogued till February 4, 188l[; and so ended the third ind final session of the ninth Parliament of South Australia. Thb Local Gotets Bill— A message was received by the Assembly on Thursday from the Governor recommending the House to reduce the amount of jurisdiction provided for in the first clause of the Local Courts Bill from £500 to £400, and to insert a new clause' granting an appeal to the Supreme Court on questions of fact as well as law. The Treasurer, in moving that the first amendment be agreed to, urged that the extended jurisdiction should not be allowed unless the proposed appeal were ilso permitted. The amendment having been :arried, Mr. Bray objected to the insertion of the appeal clause, contending that it gave far too great power to the Supreme Court, as it would be able to reverse the decision of the Local Court without taking additional evidence, und irrespective of this clause the BUI would live the right of appeal on questions of law. No one else spoke, and the insertion of the clause was negatived on a division by a majority of three. The Governor's message was transmitted to the Council with a statement of the action which the Assembly had taken thereon. Sir H. Ayers pointed out that under the Standing Orders the Council could only deal with the one amendment which had been adopted by the Assembly, acd this was accordingly agreed to, and the Bill was subsequently assented to by His Excellency. Tee Mabqahbt Bush.— A correspondent who has been in the Northern Territory for several years writes as follows, nnder the signature 'An Old Miner':—' Will you kindly publish the following remarks respecting the Margaret Gold fields ? There is no donbt bnt that there is gold there, but the prizes are few and far between. It is nearly all coarse gold, there being very little fine. I spent six weeks upon this field. I arrived there just before the Chinese dispute occurred, and I had a claim in the disputed gully. My mate and self worked it for six weeks, and did not get a pennyweight of gold. The only nngget of any consequence that I saw duriDg my stay upon the field was a piece of quartz about the sire of a man's fist, and it was reckoned to contain about thirty, ounces of the precious metal. This was unearthed by a China man workiog just above me. Upon seeing the nugget John called out aloud, which is a custom among the Chinese, and we all ran to see it. I heard of several larger nuggets, but these I could never get to see. nor could I find oat the lucky owner. I may mention that the Chinese make some mistake about our gold weight, and I be lieve they call ounces pounds. The extent of this gold-field is only about half a mile in length and a quarter of a mile in width, and all the best of this has been worked out. The country has been well tried for a radios ot about two miles, and several old diggers have been out in every direction for eight or ten miles and have not found anything. I notice some very gloomy telegrams have appeared in some of the southern papers aboat this field, some of which I wish to state are very wide of the truth. For instance, a telegram appeared in one paper dated Pine Creek, July 5, stating — ' The Chinese have driven the Europeans from the Margaret Bush. The Macao and Canton coolies fought for four days with revolvers, tomahawks, and other wtapbns. Many were seriously wounded.' Now, this row was among the Chinese themselves, and consisted of stone-throwing, and the most serious wound was a somewhat nasty bruise on the shin. All the other part is a pare fabrica tion. We have European storekeepers amongst ns, some of whom are correspondents for news papers in the other colonies, aad these are the people, I believe, who are trying to cause a rush. So I advise no one to be too hasty in coming. Several of the new arrivals are very much dis appointed, and are on their way back. There is nothing here, I can assure you, to justify a rush.' Death bt XLvxaniG. — Great astonishment (writes our correspondent) was caused in Telowie on Monday morning, October 25, at the report that a man had been found dead hang ing from a tree in a secluded place on the new to-d through the Flinders Rangej by two lads named Henry Hatch and Tom Turner the previous evening. Police-trooper Roper, with Mr. A. Carmichael, J.P., immediately re paired to the spot, and found the body in a sad state of decomposition. It was that of a stoat man, evidently between fifty and sixty years of age. The place was a gully, studded with trees, and from the branch of one the body wn» sus pended by a leather strap, such as that used for strapping swags, and in two lengths— one end doubled round the branch and tied under, the other round the neck through the buckle. One end of the branch was resting on the side of the hill as if it had besn brought down by the weight of the body, and the knees were «o the ground. There was no appearance of any struggle. The swag, tinpot, and hat were lying at the foot of the tree about eight or nine feet distant from the body. In the swag there was found a great variety of articles suitable for camping out. The only thing that led to the identification of the body was a pocket glass, on the outside of which was cnt in two places ' A. E. Weston, 1876,' aad a small piece of an old newspaper. An examination of the body showed that the man had hanged himself. Mr. William Cnristenson, a farmer living in the neighbourhood, stated he saw the same man two weeks previously, and that he called at his house and wished to buy a loaf of bread, as he said he had not had any for four days and was goirtg to Fort Gcrmein, bnt nothing further could be ascertained from him. The Coroner deemed it unnecessary to hold an inquest, and gave an order for the burial of the body. Hatchwg Chickens Wholbsau. — A little ovtr three weeks ago Mr. W. D. Hewer, of Goodwood, purchased the ingeniously con structed incubator used with so much success by its inventor (Mr. Knox) in hatching chickens, and he has found it to answer so well that he intends putting the contrivance to practical use in raising poultry. A few days ago a huge party of gentlemen visited Mr. Hewer's poultry establishment, where he has the incubator at work, and they were astonished at the success with which the eggs placed in it were carried through the various processes of developing the germ into healthy chicks. Eggs were seen in all stages under the process of in eubaticn. In some drawers lively chickens just emerged from the shell chirped their satis faction at being released, while others a few hours old clamoured for food, and some eggs were seen containing rigorous chicks indus triously chipping their passages out with their beaks. Mr. Hewer expects to get 80 per cent, of chickens, and some persons who have seen the simplicity of the itcttfeator and the efficient way it works believe he can get a better average even than that. There k very little doubt that this incubator ia such a success that with judicious management it will be found a very payable concern. The chicks hatched seem quite as vigorous as those brought oat by a hen in the ordinary way, and they are free from the para sites which all chickens get in the nest. The only difficulty lies in the safe rearing of then; and this Mr. Hewer gets over by having a stock of kioodj turkeys and hens. If what is knows as an artificial mother could be constructed to act with the incubator all bother would be at an end. Such a thing is easy enough, because they are always made with most of the ordinary in cubators in use, and can be constructed at very little expense. Budoiar Local Octet.— The Blinman Local Court proceedings are fixed by the Gazette for Tuesday, November 16, the usual day of holding them being a pablie holiday. Cosckbt. — A concert is to be given this evening in the Clayton Church schoolroom. TbST-FIBIMO SDR THB ISTBKSATIOltlX BlFLB Match.— The test-firing for the purpose of obtaining a select team of fifteen men for the South Australian . rifle team to compete at the Melbourne International Match, took place at Fulham Ranges on Thursday, October 23. There were sixty competitors, and it speaks well for the rifle-shooting interest in the colony that to many men from both branches of the Defence Force came forward at such a busy season of the year, as many of the men belong to Rifle Companies far in the country, and had to travel long distances to compete. The artillery, infantry, and cavalry of the L.M.F. were repre sented, and the Rifle Association was in force. The trial shooting was fixed upon a day in the middle of the week, because there were many country riflemen competing on the previous day for Major Lovely's prize, and' by having the test-shooting the next day these were enabled to take part, otherwise Satur day would have been more suitable in some respecta. Every desire was shown to give every man who had any pretension to shooting a chance to get in the team, while, of course, the general wish was to have the best represen tatives it was possible to obtain. The day was splendid, the wind being mild, and the light pretty steady, except towards the middle of the afternoon, when a cloud ? bank interposed. The scoring was not by any means up to the usual average from some reason or other, but a few individual scores exhibited some fair regular shooting. The distances were 200, 500, and 600 yards, and ten shots at each range, but on account of the j number of competitors only five shots were fired ! at 600 yards, which accounts for a seeming ! falling off at the last range. The best score was ; made by Private J. B. Smith, who made a total of 94 out of a possible 100. Captain Fergusson, D.A.A.G., visited the grounds, and Major Lovely was in command. Firiog will be resumed to-day, beginning at 9 o'clock. A coach starting from the Globe Hotel at S a.m. will convey the competitors to the range. It will be necessary to have eighteen to form the j team, two being emergency men. When the , team is picked the men will practise steadily to j make op for lost time. We holdover the scores, j as the sheets are not complete. Baisimq Vbssbls. — As having some interest at the present moment, the following method of ! raising a vessel, that has tha merit of having I been successfully tried, may be quoted: — The ! 8teamerDvnveganOastIewasdrivenoDaroc]r,aod i with her stern under water and her prow point- | ing upwards was sold as a wreck for £700. Mr. MacCulIoch, of Glasgow, who raised her, used appliances of the simplest description. He fixed a few large watertight boxes to the sides of the steamer, and cleared away by blasting a part of the rock, in order that the vessel might i be free to swing round when raised with the j floaters. At a favourable tide she yielded to I the strain of the cable attached to an anchor at a distance, and was soon afloat in deep water — a result which three steamers and two pumps had failed to accomplish. Mabbts Boabs. — This Board met on Thurs day, October 28, and approved of Mr. Wishart's tender for sheet- piling a dockyard wharf frontage at £1,196. The Board recommended that tenders be called for removing Webb Bock. Messrs. Kingston & Kingston wrote on the subject of the date, of the Sorata enquiry, aud enclosed a copy of a letter from Messrs. G. & J. Downer, requesting that the enquiry*, should be delayed while the captain was attempting to raise the vessel. The Board's solicitors sug gested that November 20 would probably be a convenient day for all the parties concerned. Spemckk'b Gule Steamship Cohfast..— The ninth ordinary general meeting of the Spencer's Gulf Steamship Company, Limited, was held yesterday at the C -mpany's office, North-terrace, There was a good attendance, and Mr. W. EL Charnock filled th * chair. He moved the adop tion of the Directors' report, which was carried ntm. con. The usual half-yearly dividend at the rate of 10 per cent per annum was declared and paid. Victor Harbour Brbakwatmh.— This great work is progressing slowly but surely (writes the Southern Argus). During the last few months the weather has been such as to inter fere very much with speedy work, and that already done has been severely tested, happily without a stone being misplaced. With finer weather in view, and the addition of another powerful crane expected, it is anticipated that greater progress will be made during the summer months. A large tunnel has been bored, princi pally by the machinery connected with the air compressor engine, and is now almost ready for firing, by which itj is hoped a fine lot of granite will be liberated, j The bteakwater is now out about 420 feet on the top, and, of course, very much further at jthe bottom. The sepw-pile jetty is almost finished, twenty bays having been fixed, and much cjf the decking hud. The con tract time, we believe, expires about June next, but judging fremj the time less than the first half has taken we. see no probability of tbe works being completed by then. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week, ending Saturday, October 23, wer s :— Births — 76 males, 79 females; death;— 35 males, 18 females. Total— 155 births 53 deaths. Excess oE births, 102\. The District « f Adelaide— Births— 30 males, 25 females. De tths — 9 nules, 9 females. Total— 55 births, IS deaths. Excess of births, 37. DoWATIOit TO CBB COHVALESCBKT HolIH. — The Treasurer cf ;he above institution has re ceived £5 from Id r. R. Jagoe as a gift towards the funds of the ; Home, being the amount of a fine paid to him through the Port Police Court for neglect of duty on the part of one of his men. Fibb nc A Boot Factobt.— The polica re ported to the City Coroner on Thursday after noon that a fire had broken out in a room in the upper part of Messrs. Bermingham Brothers' Boot Factory, Hindley-street, about midday. On examination of the premises where the fire started it was found that a large bag of linen clippings, deposited in a corner, and of several months' accumulation, bad taken fire, most pro bably from a lighted pipe of one of the work men whose coats were hung over the clippings. The Coroner reminded Mr. Bermingham that such inflammable materials must not for the future be allowed to accumulate. An inquest was not considered necessary. Natiohal Obicxbtikq Association.— The annual meeting of the clubs connected with this Association is to be held at the Plough and Harrow Hotel to-night. Fioeal Exhibition. — The tenth annual exhibition of the North Adelaide Juvenile Floral Society will be held [to-day in the North Ade laide Congregational Church Lecture Hall. Thb BtrrcHiES* Picaic. — A meeting of the members of the Batchers' Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Thursday evening, when the usual arrangements were made with regard to the forthcoming picnic, and complimentary votes of thanks were passed to those who had cocttibnted to the success of the affair. Gift fbox thb Footbaix Associatiow. — At the meeting of the South Australian Football Association, held last evening, Mr. W. Slight had a beautiful album presented to him, on which was the following inscription :— 'SJLF.A. Presented to Mr. W. Slight as a token of recog nition of his efficiency as Field Umpire, 1830.' Fobzstebs' Pianc. — By reference to our busi ness columns it will be wen that entries will be received for the Foresters' Picnic sports every Wednesday and Friday evening. Gabhhb's Thbatbb. — Professor Pepper enter tained an appreciative audience at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening, October 28, the same programme as that given on the previous evening being gone through in a way that kept up tbe interest throughout. This afternoon the second lecture to schools is to be delivered by the Professor, tbe subject being ** Astronomy,' with variations in tbe forms of spectacular effects, and the celebrated Ghost. An attractive programme is provided for to-night. Sr. Abdbews Yooro Mix's Sociktt.— Dr. Magirey will, this evening, deliver a lecture before the ab»ve Society in St Andrews Hall, Wakefield street, on ' Nerves * Bbtaii. Dbafebs' Aesociatiox. — The ad journed mteting ef the members of this Asso ciation is to be held this evening at the King of Hanover Hotel. . 