tRSEBOL UTIOK. Sotmrdog Beck*. Sana, men are bom with a natural infirmity of character which, if fanmoared, amounts to an mabiltty to makeup their minds, to I'T to one intention, to regard any dwtMfjfm^ as final. A variety of causes may seem to nn 4Jfrfip»» fhi« mapirtirapMi — rxaMv arising tram sn over-been and ready perception of all the beanngs of tii£ queafaon in h**?^ or irm mere feebleness of A»»f-g, rendering all grasp of a subject, all effectual hold, jfiip-qjT-|p, It may be an ^M*^*3**qal or a moral fallme, one due to a judgment pazalvsed liv a»ml«^il. nf jjkJw tw in a. wuhh^mu iii«J»- slippery by habitual disregard of its. first monitions ; but m either case ins ^fi*^^M upon a man's **^Ta**^PT' and catoeF are pMr**!!^ to otfacts. Peopla? may have many finna vhidi wtsx in sectct) whicit oobetvcib only guess at by seeing their consemienceB ; but resolution wotfcs in the open,and a sooner detected by the looBxr-on **«' by the man himself who is eeems to the nxesalnte temper Hae mere exEToseof a prounnttl juagtnmt. or ?. refined taste n detected by those who are in convenienced, irritated, or injured by it, as the sup and blemish which weakens, loosens, renders fntzle the whole comae of life and action. He irresolute man, ?liaterer hie position or his powers, not only fails to him self, but is felt by those about him to be useless tor the parts of counsellor; suppurter. 4C advocate. Ke is him iiiJsHy m-*rt«H|iy^^Jii^ for these 'ttTw^u His own course is -ji ffmniiM^ not by intention, but by chance £ his judgment wants the edeuation of personal experience. No one can remain eternally the world moves and situations change howevermneh » man may desire to beep them at a standstill tffl his mmd is made up. in and takes tioe '*Hht in band. Wmie be deliberates on the highest conceivable best best in itzelf or best far him— rtile be nnrtaates, accident settles Die matter, with little regard for his credit or interest. It is rtiffirillt, La Brnyere says, to decide whether contemptible, whether there is more harm in ir-Hnr; a wrong_ decision or in making none at all- A step which a man is driven to tslce im&*^ the compulsion of external circum stances is seldom taken at the right time. Owing to this demand for action, even in the most vauaUaiing — this impossibuity of eternal indecision where other men and other interests are concerned— irresolution is necessarily allied with precipitatian. The man incapable of a final immovable resolve decides at length on an impulse which has nothing to do with choice. Irresolute men are cash men ; prone to act on the spur of the moment in order to defeat their infirmity and to put it out of their power to hesitate and uhflly-ehaUy. There are cases when these contending qualities play somewhat fatally npon one «««?+»'?? Hiue the impilnc of tne moment commits a man to came action. Knowinghis weakness he is precipitate in «w*l^'f; promises; but then steps in the habit of his mud the de nberates and hangs suspended, when the slower process of performance ought to follow. bresolntioQ splits into two, or into many parts what should be only one act. With tie healthy reasonable mind a promise involves tea performance ; but irresolution never con siden anything as settled so long as change is passible. Every hindrance, every difficulty is an argument (or a reversal, or breach of con tract, either with oneself or others. Asafaet, all important undertakings and promises en gaged in under strong impressions and warm feelings are followed by a change of tempera ture in the undertaker and pronuser. Tne habit of keeping tn your word because it has been passed, whether to yourself or another, alone sustains the will under the reaction. 'What terrible moments,' said Pope, 'does one feel after one has engaged in a larse work ! In the beginning of my translatingtlie Iliad I wished every body would hang me a thousand times.' It is of coarse the relaxation of the mind's fibre which lies at the bottom of all decent forms of jilting, wbetber in man or woman. The promiser awakes to the fact that be has done a tremendous thing. This may happen to the firm as weD to the weak, but the imsolute are in the habit of vaefllstion and also in the habit of justifying it as reason able deliberation, ft comes easily to them to hesitate or to betzay hesitariou. The constant mind knows that it is in for it, and instantly recovers from the temporary panic. It is no time to weigh tile question when the step is once taken; thought and deliberation have finally given place to action. In smaller matters promises become ? habit to the irresolute, as being dianciated from l-w—» a. man mta or accepts an in vitation in one mood, and hacks out of it when he thinks over the inconvenience be may incur. He promises a sift, and, when the mo ment of partinf with what be values arrives, be finds tmnself % diftereot man from the rash donor; his former self. Tbe arguments which should be silenced by a strong will press with gathering Circe and grow in weight as the no tion of tbe imminence of a crisis possesses tte mind, with him the fnlfilmect of a promise is the crisis, not the making it Whether justly or not, Garrick'a friends considered him as a framer of good intentions which be bad not resolution b- keep. Foote said of him tint he often set out with the design of performing a generous ad, but the ghost of a halfpenny meeting him at the corner of a street sent him home again. Tne pain of fulfilment is die only cure for this vacutating temper, the only lesson of any avaiL Mere mgielfc, more peni tence for past imprudence, wul do nothing. Promises become a habit unless tiuy are sternly held to performance. Hoc wiHthe conscience long warn against them, for aD the pleasures of benevolence can fill a mind of this class quite apart bom the falfflmeot of airy intentions. 