ST. NICHOLAS' CHURCH, NORTH GOULBURN. On Wednesday aftcrnoon the knoll on which the pretty little church of St. Nicholas stands presented for the second time since the first sod was cut a scene of life and animation. Shortly before five o'clock groups of parishionors slowly approached the sacred edifice, in which for the first time divine worship was to be celebrated; and buggies and horses brought the friends of the North Goulburn parishioners from. the outlying suburbs to witness the ceremony. In order to give those from a dis- tance an opportunity of being present from the com-. mencement of the proceedings, a few minutes' delay was allowed, and while waiting their arrival a glance may be taken at the church. The knoll on which the church stands, rising above the surrounding plain, commands a view of a wide and extensive range of scenery. Standing in front of the church and looking south, Goulburn may be soon nestling at your feet; to the left is Governer's Hill, at the foot of which flows the Mulwarree; a little further northward the houses of Towrang may be seen nestling among the hills. Turning round you see the parsonage and the picturesque houses of some of the parishioners Casting the eye westward the hills at Greenwich Park and Kenmore may be seen; while the bed of the Wollondilly may be traced by the willows which grow on its banks. Away in the distance to the right can be seen Bishopthorpe, and the residences of Mr. Betts, Mr. Voss, Dr. Sly, and others. And from almost every part of the city the little church can be seen. The full design of the church is not completed, it being the intention to make additions as the con- gregation increases and funds accumulate. The building, which is of freestone, will when finished according to the architect's plans, consist of a nave, porch, and transepts, and will seat about four hundred and thirty persons. At present the nave and porch only are erected, and those will ac- commodate about two hundred persons. A small chancel of wood, which can be removed when it is desirable to add the permanent chancel, has been built. The church is semi-Norman with its angle shafts and square abacus. The roof is open and covered with shingles, the interior timbers being all wrought and chamfered. The present nave measures fifty feet long and twenty four feet wide, and the walls are fifteen feet high. The inside fittings are neat without being plain. The seats are of the latest design and are comfortable and commodious. They are separated by a passage up the centre of the church. The pulpit stands at the south corner of the chancel, and a space has been allotted to the choir and harmonium in the west corner of the church facing the door. Shortly after five o'clock the Bishops of Goulburn and Northern Queensland entered the chancel, and the Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe, Canon Soares, the Revs. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine, and J. Lintott Taylor took up their positiou on the front seat. LICENSING THE CHURCH. The Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine read the petition for the licensing of the church for divine worship. Mr. A. M. Betts then read a document with the Bishop of Goulburn's seal attached thereto, of which the following is an extract:—" Now therefore we, Mesac, by divine permission, Bishop of Goulburn, do, by virtue of our ordinary and episcopal authority, license the said edifice for the celebration of divine worship therein according to the rites of the Church of England and we do publicly and openly declare that our said license shall suffice to guard the said church from all profane and common uses until the same be duly dedicated and consecrated by our definitive sentence and decree." The Bishop of Goulburn then addressed those assembled, expressing the hope that their Heavenly Father would favourably approve their present purpose of setting apart that place for the perform- ance of the several offices and religious worship; after which he engaged in prayer. The Bishop of Northern Quoeesland offered up the prescribed prayers. Archdeacon Puddicombe then commenced the after- noon service with the special Psalms 122 and 132. The Rev. D'Arcy Irvine read the 1st chapter of Haggai. The Rev. Canon Soares read the 10th chapter of St. John. The Lord Bishop of Goulburn said the usual prayor in connexion with the opening of the church. INDUCTION OF THE NEW INCUMBENT. The Lord Bishop of Goulburn said: "Dearly beloved in the Lord, we have assembled here for the purpose of inducting the Rev. Gorges Mervyn D'Arcy Irvine M.A. of Oxford and Dublin into the church and parish of St. Nicholas, Goulburn North, as incumbent thereof, and of witnessing the same." Mr. A. M. Betts then read the instrument of in- duction. The Ven. Archdeacon Puddicombe then took the Rev. D'Arcy Irvine by the hand and led him to the door of the church and placed his hand on th key saying :—" I Induct you, Gorges Mervyn D'Arcy Ir- vine M.A., into the real, actual, and corporal pos- session of the incumbency of the church and parish of St. Nicholas, Goulburn, with all its fruits, mem- bcrs, and appurtenances." Rev. Mr. Irvine replied: "I receive the keys of the housoe of God as a pledge of my induction, and promise to be a faithful shepherd over the flock com- mitted to my charge in the name of the of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost." The Bishop said: " The Lord be with you and with your spirit," after which prayer was again offered up. The Bishop then received the incumbent within the rails and presented him with the bible, book of common prayer, the homilies, and canons. Having engaged in prayer, the inducted minister knelt at the holy table and presented his supplication for himself. The Bishop then ascended the pulpit and addressed the congregation. He referred to the debt on the church. He belioved that that church was the eighty- sixth which had been built in the dioceso since he came to it, and as four others had ben repaired at considerable expense he might say that the church of St. Nicholas was the ninetieth church he had seen built, He thanked his friends in Goulburn for their labors in the general work of the diocese. A collection was then made which amounted to nearly £17. This ended the service and the congregation left, the clergy and churchwardens welcoming the new incumbent and bidding him God specd before separ- ating. TEA MEETING. At seven o'clock a tea meeting was held in the old school church of St. Nicholas, the object being to allow the parishioners to welcome the Rev. G. M. D'Arcy Irvine to his new charge. The building which will be used for Sunday school and other church purposes, was very tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers. A small platform had been erected at the eastern end of the building, on which was placcd a table laden with flowers. The chandeliers were covered with flowers, and branches of hawthorn bearing clusters of red berries were intertwined among the candlesticks. Neatly arrangod bouquets were hung on tlh walls, and on the western gable was a large banner with the word "welcome " in white letters on a blue ground. The gathering was altogether in excess of the calculations of those who had arranged the meeting. It had been surmised that the schoolroom would have been comtfortably filled; but the attendance was so large that the tea had to be given out at three different times in order to serve every one. The ladies connected with the church had for days been preparing cakes, &c.;, and their efforts were crowned with succocs, for one and all of those present were loud in their praises of the good things provided for their comfort. The schoolroom having been cleared, the tables weere taken out and the audience re-admitted. The room was packed in every part, many standing round the door and in the porch. The meeting having been opened with prayer, The Bisholp said that meeting was held with the intention of giving welcomo to their friend, the new incumbent of the parish. It was their desire to give the Rev. Mr. D'Arcy Irvine a most hearty welcome. (Checrs.) They desired that God's richest blessing might descend open him and his family and all his parishioners, so that he might be able to go in and out amongst them as an ambassa- dor for Christ, and not only preach effectually in the church, but administer to the sick and suffering and be a friend in every house. ( Cheers.) His desire was that their pastoral as well as spiritual wants should be attended to. It was his desire so to sub- divide the parishes throughout the diocese that every minister might be enabled to visit each family. The Rev. Mr. May and his wife were, indefatigable in going from house to house, and they became acquainted with each family in thoir parish. Mr. May was as useful in the parish as any clergyman could be. (Cheers.) This intercourse was desirable in order that people might know that they had friends—Christian friends—to whom they could refer for consolation in their utmost adversities. At present It was very diffiult for every minister to attend to all his duties. It was impossible to do them all, yet it was desirable and neccessary. The minister ought to be assisted by the laity. He was very anxious thant by degrees they should make Goulburn a pattern to the rest of the diocese. He desired that the churches should be time best. They had heard ministers from other places say that their own churches, &c;, were the best. He wanted to show them that a different state of things existed. (Cheers.) The Rev. D'Arcy Irvine had had experience in Englasnd. He had been located In various parishes—in Bath and also in London. He brings with him the good wishes and prayers of many he has left behind in New Zealand. He hoped that in time when they knew him well they would love himn. He wanted them all to support him and to pray for him, and on Sunday morning before they went to church specially to set apart a few words of prayer for their minister. If they went to church merely from habit and custom, they went without the spirit of prayer and therefore were unblessed. Let them all ask that the spirit of God may be showered downtl upon them and then they would be an assembly of expectant believers. Blow growth was sesro growvth, end lastinlg growth was always slow, The oak was slow lie growvth, but it was a lasting tree. The Church nf Enlgland, notevithstanding all thle diffculties within amid without, esover was more flourishing, never was doing lucre eubotantliel work than at the preceict tissue. (I-lear, heoar.) Aced isa Goiibiurn tissy woelil, wills Code blessing resting on the 11ev. D'Brey Irvineo, graiheally imlprove in all respeeto. (Cheecrs.) Hlis experienlce was that it was nsiich mors difileult to raise nionoy for Chlristian objects tisamsit. was for worldly objects. He referred to the money whlichl was spenlt oil worthiecse ansutsemnnt.' He had fouud~ that theore was moneoy in North Goimlbimnl and it eaulilli got; bitt thu heart must be touchled' frst. After tht verythiiiig was esaily managed. Ciergymoms at home were supported by differenlt nieces; but in thisi colouy they weoro sup~portedl biy tIme voluntary contributions of tims people. Ciergymess threw tIserselves on tiso generosity of thle pee p Is;'ad still theoy hiad a just elaine for eppliort. If they went to thre lawyer aiid meshed for advice tile)' paid him his fee; if thecy called iii thus doctor whenl tle)3' were sick he get his fee alsoe aiid wiucim thecy obtained goods from time tmradesinam theoy paid theoir bills ;'bnt they tooks thre adiniusitratiome ol: time clrgyman and forget to p lie) iie. lie hoped thiet would meet be thee ease in North tioulbeirn. Thu Bishop then turning to the Bov. D'Arey Trvino took him by the han nd aind i lie had to welcomo him most heartily to his now chargo. (Pro. longod applauso). Ho said io had a very ploasing duty to perform in addition to welcoming tleir frioud. Sinco the absonco of Mr. May from North (oulburn there had boon groat daugor that tih parish would have suffered disruption. Bur God wan merciful and sent a kiul friend to the Sunday-school to oeop it togethor, and they woro dooply indobted to those who had dovoted themselves to that Christian work. Miss Shepherd was the porson to whom ho roforred. (Choors.) Ho was porsonally very much indebted to and should nevor be ablo to ropay Miss Shophord for the work sho had done in the parish of Nortl Goulburn. A few frionds had oxpressed to him their desiro that some little token of their affec tion should be given that ovoning to Miss Shephard; and an addross had boon prepared, and he had been roeuostod to prosiet it to hor. Ho had boon asked to road the address to them and sign it on bohalf of tho subsoribors. Miss Shopherd was the unordained ourato of North Goulburn. (Applauso and laughter.) Ho had almost offered to ordain her. (Laughtor.) The Bishop thnu read the address and presented Miss ShloniinrdI ;t' a n?.~.. .... .,,u&mIiiing; twelvo aovs., whioh had boon raisod by a few friends as a token of their affection for Miss Shopherd as a frlond, and in appreciation of her services as an earnest worker for their heavenly master. Miss Shiophord having approached the platform and roooived the purse, amidst loud chooring, The Bishop said: I cannot say " Miss Shopherd for over;" I hpu sho will chango her nmno soluo day. (Olicors), Mr . S.. olohor said Miss Shopherd had con forred on him the honour of replying to the address. Miss Shopherd was extremuly grateful for the mannor in which they had recognisod her efforts in North Goulburn, and as long as God woill spare her lbo will continue to do them. (Choers.) Sheo had not thought her work a burden-it had bocn a labor of love; and as long as her health permits she) will continue to work for North Goulburn. (Cheers). Tiho Voneiablo Archdeacon lPeddiconio rciarked tho ho would not say much, although he felt that he could say a great deal. He could trnly state that thero was no olla in the rooin or any one in (jonl. burn moro truly or deeply interested in the events of that day than himself. (Choers.) Ho wos deeply intoestodl in thi coining among tllhm of the l1ev. G. H. .l'Aroey Irvi:io on acoount of their dear bishop, whoso anxieties in connection with that parish had boen very groat iidoo:l for a long tiho past. They had heardl thl Bistop oeproos Is anxiety that Goilbtrn should bo a pattern to the whole diocese, not only in ehurlh.buildings, hut.in' the. work generally, lie was perasaded of! th?o fact that- hlo wao going to say that tlh parish had been without a shepherd; but ho could not say so, for they had had Miss Shepherd working nmong thsm ail thoe tio--(ehsors)--a lorso parish bteing without a Ipstor had been a trouble to the Bishop for a long time. Ho felt deeply interested on Mr. Irvino's account, for he had como to tako the place of their dear friond, Mr. Maoy, whlose atsenico hlod beon muoh felt. in his absence Canon Soiliro and he had worked hard for thle good of the parlshionors. He had been looking over a sort ol a journl which Ihs kept, anld he was rpl,rised to finid the number of miles which lie lid traeelled is cciii. nootion with that parish, Ite had counted thiosi l, as.d found that they came to neerly twelve iusdrtdtl miles. Of that he lnd not the slightlst idea. Ihow many miles Canon Searce bed travelled he could not say. A great ranny couples hlnd been manrrieid since Mr. May's departure; but clergymen never objetod to nmarrioges. 'The?y w,:ro t\heir lihos. lmt Iho wios norry to so!y thnat thiere hld hless a nlluibhr, so8onleeen lie thloughlt, fiuserlh. lie wee glad for his own sake tlhnt that plrishm would Ih taenlts up again lIy ono so 5 well ijuiiatcld tIis wr a'l thu mitmistacrjist appointed, lilo felt tlhi loss of Mfr. May very much. Thtey hlid bicn like brohliere ulmosta. He hloelcd tlit thme paroclial systemim would ho smhittaimned tlhroigholut Gismoulburii, ndut that. St. Saviior's anid St. Nicholes' would alwasys ho as distimict as they were at thil prosent titme. Ministers living together felt the greatest possilils a-tdva~ittgO ftrout nllulual intcr.COiiess, aisd the loss which hle hlid felt at the iioimrtsiirn of Iis frionit lIr. MIay had bhen elitiost oliliterated whlcit hle pnht put M~r. I reite's saind sos I hi key of tie tiew chtireih. 11 e\xpredssl a hlips, nsid it soa Isis candlil opinion, tlcat they shouhl wcork togthlier with the sameo uianlintity in every woy as Mr. MIay suud lie h?d done. (Cheers.) IIo had aliways hlad hi little joke about that perish. St. Nicholas they knoew was the holiest saitit ildpirates, n tllor,?frh Ili Imildhi thmat the church huad bieeti rightly nimauied St. Nieliolas for theyy 115(1 teeu aco a iiiiismbor of tlhie ver best, work(ers frali the parishi of St. Saviou'lli. Timere was Mliss Shepherd, Miss Chrcbory, MIr. Trouighton, niii ittanumy iiiero whlio, uLldhiongih they bolotiged to St. Sayiour's plirilsh, wvorksed in the St. Nicholas' Suidndy-schluos T'lhey, l1( lucid, liad bleen pirated lw\'y trea tL t tit other plirishi of St. Saviour's. lIo tihought lie couldhl iild sork for thlueml all. IIe hlid iais aliuindauuce cu stor]k for tlchne iii St. Sovioutr'. lie hloped thi tiiiie soiili conlo w1iahen MIr. Irvieno weoiild hlo iblo to disiopenise wvili their ?ervices in N·ortlh (toulburi. [.lih populattioti roiuitd St. Niilhol\se' sees e'.ur to iiierosn, linit th11 ey ull st roeiiielior tlliut tlioy wer the dilogltler liarishl snd thaiit St. Saviolur's wscu the iotlieohr. 'tlloy nlmllst never thiiiil of relnsv ilg thei cathedral from its lirossint oila to the lill ois wliicl the nos chlurchm stoeil. Io trusleul thlit the liarioli iltidsr thie guiidantce of thie 1lev. Mr. Irvino ws'ciuhl bhe i groat end hiniuinig light, nud that they iii St. Sit\viollr's wouldl heo ible ulwaya to looni oii with joy ilt thi 'sorh; being carried on its its iiidat. (Clhours.) The Bishop then introducod tothso mnoting tho 11v. G. M. D'Arey Irvine, who spoko as follows: My lords, roverond brothren, and Christiau friends, indood I may now address those bolero me as Issy dear parishionsers-doar, I trest you will ever bo to io, and dearer tho more we mnowaird nUdorstaid 0n0 auother. I fool veiy gratsful to you all for the kind aind cordial weleomo yon have givens meo. At one tine Iliad! a kind of misgiving.aboutlcaaving Neoy Zealand, whero I had formed so moniy friend. slhis and had happily succopdediln gaissing tire onfidenc, and I may add the recipdct of somauy preonts and people; but I was not very;long in Goulburn before I found out that there were. other people besides those in Now Zeoalanrd:wlo conid bo cordial and kind. Nothing oould 'exc~sd thl kindness ard hospitality myself ansi falnily' have received from our excellent and aespectd Bishop and Mrs. Thomas. The elergy also hlvo boon very brotherly, and lavo heartily welcornod me amongst'thorn; and all tire people to whom I have boon introduced Irnhv' given abundant evidence thatit will bo my own fault if I fail in sceuring tho coufidenco and esteem which I hlavo hitherto tisaslurully enjoyed. I Was much gratiliod to-day to see that largo congregation which assembled in the now church of Si. Nicholas on the ocoasion of' opening end. dedioasting' it for over to thr honor and glory of'Almighty God, and I'r hope very sincerely that tie oongregations lin. that church may be always largo. It is a groat encourage. mant to a clergyman 'to see Isis clsuseh full, ard on' tire other hand it cannot hut be muhol dissouregement to him to find the services thinly 'attended. It will be my earnest effort to induce tihe mombers of tIre Chrurch of England residont in North Goulburn to attend their own beautiful now chluioli. It has never beon my practice to interfere in ray Way, witli the congregation of another pariah. I hasv learnod to mind my own blueiness anrd to attend to my own people, ard' this I will endoavour srsapulonuly to ?do ins Goulburi ; but nothing Willibo, ! trust, omitted on my part that wouol irlruco my own parislriorers to attond the moans of grace which ore uiow provided "for them in our now, coenisrodiouse, well-veitilated, and comfortable elhurchr of .t. Niclholauu I am wall aware, my lord, of tire ditlicrity that presents itself at tir very outset irs following such a mno as tire late incumsbent. I have eoard from all how kind anrd Chlristiaun and enereicaiand eaelous a pastor ir was, and how greatly Iro was helped ins Iis parohliarl worm by his good arid excellent wife; arid I f,'el that I nied your gerrerous ihrrlgonoe ira succaeling to tire post so oehicirtly filled bytirto ov. Mr. May. I have only to ask your praycrs for Divine help and guidanoo . I rely ertiroly upon the graea and direction of God, which it will bh my coristart prayer to obtain. -With God's 'blessing wo may be enabled to. fill: lihe.blanrlr oooeslonio'ed:by ' tir nosn:returnr of Mr. and Mrs. Moy. I' foel it soy duty however and my pleasure to toll you that my dear wife dosiros'to follow as nearly as possiblo tire gord exanmple sot by Mrs. May. She will always orndoavour to do her duty in tire Sun'day-sohool, in the siak.romoi and tihrrouglhoet the parish. Lot urs only remember one another in our approaches at a tllrono of grace. No man cau be regarded as fit to discharge any post of spiritual responsibility withrout much prayer. He may be a sploudid classic, a great matlremnaicianr he may be thoroughly acqurainrtod? with all the eciences and with all tire inforrstior this world can bestowv; but irn tire things of God ire will bo weak and poworless sinless Ire be a man of prayer, Never did God say to the seed of Jacob, coek ye Mo in vain. It is impossible to rend thue scred ecrilpturos and riot s0e what alr haonor God Ines alsays inst upon lprayer. Indeesd much of tire cacred history is only a 'record of its arclciarvmcnto. 0, that prayer tlhcs inray bo inade witliout ceasing of the chriurchi unto Gaod for me and mine; and tlhci irray we humbly Irope to bo srcceosfiIul in tire great worir (ied iris givenr rs to do hlcre. Once mere, my dear Irrelhreri, I thrnarri yeo very sincerely for tire very hearty anid corlial weloenrse yora have given me. Tihe rev. speakcr, wiro was frequently applauded druring tire corrse of Iris r irarrs, sat down amirist loud annd irohmnigcd cheering. Thoe .lo. Canion Scares thought the present oces. aios was a rcd.letter clay is tl?e history of North Cioslbrals . lie ofteis regrettcd that, like one of old, hle was slow of speechl and tonguo and weas unable to give theas all the tlioughlt whiICeh wore passing through his raind. lie had in his library a boolt -ntitled Tihe Struggils of an Infant Parish, and that p arish was sitoated in England. lIe prrclasetd it sacd rcad it, thinking hle should get soene hints; hat ha fonutl that they knesw very litilIn ablont the stragglos of sit infant ioarich in Anstrsalia. The strugglest of a Itarislh wart ,,titit), I1t Enigland coin. siirth wilth tchtose i Aiistrtalia. SI. Nichiolas wss tot ans ifnfant parish. It hlst r emtt ups int,) mlonatariity, Itut it hlid itot isereat.ed is ei;e--it had grown beautifully less. It lst!l beets ittarric!d i great iniaty linies, antii of corrsee liht! heen witldowee ts great mnaiiy tiiies (laiughltet) ; and its last widowtloodt was a very seriouts mistter inicteetd, and hotd it iiet teei for MIiss Sheiipherd it weould hIiav teen very iimtcti vorrse tlhnu it was. iltt nos ths Itride hadfoud t a bridlegrooeo aitd the widow wsas iso longer a widow. (Alpilatise.) Now one thing which they outghlt to rciietelcer was that in mnarricd lifot there oighlst to be perfect faith. They Itad hliartd Ihow the lridrigrotii meant to deal wcitll them, aind tle trusted thtait tltiy weotld liii act faithful to hlimi. They sisoitthil csItIply with the kind retltiest hle Ihitld mado to t maiid ofier Silt their praycers ftir the soeeCss of lis minist ry ni o gist tllieii. The dlties of the bridegriooi were if a totir splirituial eliarticter than tlittse of thue wife. ]ItIr's. tern of a--well, hle siiglit it liep?rtiittcet to ccll it dotitestic claricter. Site hliti to deal willti secular affairs. (Tita Ilielhotl: To kIeeli the larder seell stcp pliesd.) (Lanuglter.) They hteartd frotam tihe ilbo1ih) that there weas itiontey iin Nol'thl ieiulburn, its well as in Guiolbltrii amud thlroueighout tihe colony getterally Ihlut they wanited to fitsd oat weltere it woo-t.he?y waisnted to get people to h)ut their Ittids is little deepor into their 1sockete. II ei I tlittl cd owever that they were l'tler uuwillitig to lint their htissisis ittlo their piseckts, or that the ImocItesIts ls eeii eImadte is littlo too decep. A great deal of I th dlest tad already iseis paid, and hhi trustedtt ht they eotltl sooet be able to clear it off. The wiwk is of raisitig nlitllty ought to bo thie worn of tie l:ity atid eOgltht sot to divolVo on thle clergymnau. It sets esiditit titit a\ minister coulsd not perfornm hlis religious dlslies satis faclorily if ilis mind wero takent tip with moitey iiatters. Another thing lie wettahd Saiy seas that iiolets htlusband atud wife tlhtere hltosihil Ite lierfeet cutnfideotice. The clergyiani shso lid i t t now hit tealsdo wsas very likely to ipreacel over their Ihctids. If hle senult into slseOtI't Ihoise!es, slts the iy wcru onet Illiug btefore hiss facts atid anotelir rthititig hetlissd Itia back, they wouleld never get on. They shlicdiii tiot lie aftaitd to speak s ttheir ministeraa their rincds, std layv hare their Ieairts to lhiim, lie weotihl earnestly recometntnd all thie parisliolners of North (oltlburn to feel that lthey have a friend wlio will take sui intleret in ltet, aticnid they ilti treat Ititit aii a friettil wiitll coflidectte. IIo tristesd that all yoctuutg people whlo wit ro tld enough to be cosiiincr d soetld itot lose tise its Irlseiig tasde eismbers cit the clhuirchl. It was ostly Isy tlie Iity striviiig to imieet their clergy onst, anl tils ehlirgyistati tlriviiig to swits this esti lisltcec of lhst Iseiolsli, thttit they cosuld hgo oi nitd hiroc"else ac lsthy shioulshl. lie hlt! itiuchl pileasure iin swii:otittitig his lcuv. I)'Arry Irvito to North laotcl hsuris. (hCl tirs). Mr. W. C. Harris read the following balance-sheet showing the present state of the funds:— DR. £ s. d. To proceeds of bazaar and sale of work, subde- byuoenol . by lr 7..bay a ndt Mor . Zotloh .... . l 2 . o proreled.O od otlCtoo dI1tto ............d.... 71 7 19 oololll o ll boolooo o1 un otllooO-klotloO ............ .. 10 0 total olbocrplooo roolro m] ............oo.... 71 71 10 Coll9L\tiorttoo nO. bor ll (Itbo rtibnr hoorol . 14 1 9 inlterest o n dcposlt? . ....... ....... :"7"' • 0 .l D . roeicd ...........4 .. ?...... . 103-119 9 Ily bolooco .................. .............. " ....?0 2 0 *5117410 0 Dynon ai aloo ;:(on; :[' ·rivi ... ; ly omount pl corotr.........'...,..'.. 14909 ,O Vllklo0ort1(T7 . 9 ;p08 .:0 . 11 0 O sulndry oxponaea·.i'':;k'T?;...' 2t fl 9 -DO - TolnoonO@ 7p~oroono ,',.,.,????,?'?.. 4990 80 .o , .. ..' l2292 0 u, n.·TI $*'- :r',!? I''· Torloniot .lo.bt .. .. ,,.,,.. ?,t*'.t. ,'..- 92 0 0 Total . l?lloo .doo ...t .... ..'7..1.' 08 0 .n cloog l.uo 2...... ....... . .... 220 0 l aoo lo. . . . . . 011 1I 0 h ri '0 Sof obty ............... .. 49 0 0O CIolo |' . .l.o. . ........ . ..... ......199 1 0. 4 ,Nodool.n ol.,...'...:r.;.-; 79o I 0 7do.Too.t I ............... ;i:..... 25 9 0 0 Irt. O'i rioon, oo.ond ole..,....,0,,0...... 1, O 0 71\. 1. Mortryor .CI 1or moonotlo, Novoouor. 10 70 I Mr. Iloo, ton.lwoloow Ioo triolllonot £190. Thuo ]3iRhOoh of NorLhornI QulnOOinliol 0910l: Whonto I WAi ]O0vin. L0oontlon s your 11go I lolt groatly ochlootl by nomlto Qo ooonohouoloo \ho kinldly vitolod lut, 0110 who 01ti1 that 11Astr0li9t1ls woro groat drinkers of tea. Tcn-driolkors aro usually comfort able, homo-loving folks. I bclieve that ladies are known to prefer those gentlemen for future husbands who enjoy their tea, because it betokens them to bo tolerably tame dometsicated animals, warranted not to buck or bluster, bot sure to sit at their fireoides in winter ovonihgs and road to their wives as they work sowing-moehines. In my London parish tho people wore largo ansomers of tea. We had two hug&o; coppelrs attahed to tho mission hall. It is true we used to boil soup in those coppers three times a weiec, ansd our tea was sometimes fatty, but that rendorod th'e tea noorishing, and overybody ascribsd it to the purityof thi milk, Yon have discovered thie secret of successful tso- muetillgs. - The proosrip. tion consists in inviting twio the number of persons that the room will hold-lot them bo rammed and Scramnod, squoszod and squashed' togothsr-lot'tlto 'air bhostoaniy and the room unbearably hot, Let the t6a.pot be drainod end tho calhes consumed to thovery c rumbs; 'udte he tea-party will be pronouneed'psr. "fedtly' duhssfuEl. '(Laughster.) Our prosent mooting is a kinid of hous~warnusn g to give tis rev, minister a lift up--a pat on the back--aud send heim forth to his duties with alhosatyi welcome. 'A. rev, ininuster is ssot spending his happiest :or most useful days when iho hos just entered a snow panrish. Married people' hah" bboons'ovorscard to confide that tseir' least happy pcriodwas the honoymoon. It took ?tim&d; fdr eaohto ssderstand the other's likes and dislikes. Ono would lilk roast beef whils the other preferred boiled mutton; one chose potatoes bakcd while the other liked thsem mashed.. A new minister. must mi~htc liis way iutb hdarts and homes. When they hld learnt the tons .of his voice and thss features of hbs face, they· would· feel at shoemo with hlisu. I romnmber calling upon an old lady for ths first time aced bsilig shown into. her bdot parlour-a room so nseat 'sid' bright'theit I felt afraid of soiling tise acrpet or breathing upon the ornaments, 'I called some time afterwards and waited till the old lady had pust on asclsia'ceaP?, for she thbuglit a stranger had called to see her.: .Whsn else entered the room else oxolaimed "O; sirl :I thought it was a visitor; it is only.yoyu so do come into the litohson, forI have got aiieothere." (Laughter.) New ministers resemble new 'coats-uunomfortablo at firit. We. must wear a misiister to be aecustomsd to him. : Your minister starts under. most'favorable conditions' Ho Isas a' genial, generous, syonpathising bishop at his' basc. Hundredsof clergy would jump to be supported by esuh a first-rate, fatherly, friendly bishop. When I was a young elorgyman my vicar sent me one dayto' convoy an importanut messago to :my bisop', andI' ,felt proud to sorry it.. ".The interview, was dolighstnul, rot tlio good bishop spoke ,words 'of kindness and oncouragement.'. Thsoso 'wo01s did' me more good ' thnu a wliolo turoen' of' turtlsousesp, or a quar-t of qisuino,'ansd then made me wvalkl down Iegont.strcot a bigger and bettor snan. Bet Mr. D'Arey Irvine has the smiles not only. of his bishop, but of Mrs. Thbniai too.' No smiles can be sweeter, sno worde more gentle, no ansncre more persuasive, aced no xasmplo monr potesit thons those with which iMTrs. Thomnas greets her guests. They sspplesent the dear Bisheop's inflsscics and carry all hscarte by storm. Solen stoaucrs hlave only Ollo fIllesl to their engino and they may iako fair speed; but others have two funnels, and steaming with double power out their way through the waters. Your diocesan engino is favoured with two funnels, and no wonder that it makes splendid progress. Then your now church is admirably built. We in the north would bite our heads oil to havo such a church. This crowded meeooting proves tlt the parishionors are hearty and helpful. A congregation resembles a teut of which the minister is the central polo-the first wind would wrench it unless a score of ropes and cords fastened it to tih ground. You have imanly cords of energetic supporters, and they will uphold your minister in his place and duties. Some points are worth remembrance at the outset of a ministry, and foremost amongst them is the fact that no minister can oexpect always and overywhero to pleaso overy body. In the stores of London there are sold as toys, faces inado of India.rubbor, and with a pull you can matko them laugh or cry. We do not want India-rubber ministers, but clergy who know their own inlds and are inrm in doing their duty. At Alexandria a crowd of uncouth Arabs moot overy ship that comes to nnchor in the bay, and with wild gostures iteg the passengers to come on shore. Some luckless Iad\evnturer! desconds the ship's ladder, nrid as lih sets foot on the last stop is soized by a dozen eager Arabs, and finds his head in one boat, legs in anothor, and arims dragged into a third little cranky icano. A sos:iblo minister itaoidm being pulled to pieces, but firmly and faithfully sooks the welfare of Iall within hlii nhphcro of duty. This happy, spirited mooting will paint its pleasant picture oin my meumory, iand whlenovor its colors beeoImt a little fliled b)y the wiear and tear of uorthern work, I shall seek to revive their brightness by accepting bthe kind invitation the Bishop and yourselves have given ino by paying a second visit to Goultburn. (Cliors). The Bishop of Goulburn hero stated that he was norry to mey that Captain Zonuel, who had alwayt taken a deep interest in the church, was absout, owing to tlhe death of a near relative. [Wo have sinco beon given to undorstantd that the party referred to is Captain Zouch's brother]. Mr. Twynam said they should bo very happy in. deed for having had the church opened under such remarkable auspices. Ho thought, having heard the statement of the treasuror, they aught to be able in a very short time to clear oil the remainder of the debl. Ile was sure that it had afforded a very great deal of pleasure to hear the bishop's remarks; and to see so miany of their clerical friends present that evening, especially the Bishop of Northoer Queens. land. IHo concluded by proposing ti hearty voto of thanks to the bishop for the allectionate intuercst le had always shown to ill the parishloners of North Goulburn. '[Lie Ilcr. 1)'Aroy Irvine oxpros.cd the very' groat plealsutre it hilao him tol put tile motion to the Iimcot. itg. Io (MJr. I)'Aroy Irvine) wos one of the irllny who lbmaw imow high a character the Bishlop of GdouL bern ield in the church it loinmo btifror lie woas ole. ,'tcl to ttle opiucolat; nd sii ce heis e rrioal in Now Zoalond ho had hoard aed road from tinie to tiieo the groat wvork lie woo doing in hlil diocooe, and hlioe vor" hlighly liais lordohip w0-1 rcpcl?ultd by ill portico. Thu iiitien wOO carried4 wiohi acclamition. The iiliuop hlving acknowlcdged the couipliinoiit; o croo of of the iotioiiol anthlim son s alwo iftor. whihei the schlool.ruoiimi s clwrolerd, the Ito.rv. Mlr. Irvine tliiiding ot ltin door and slhainug hindo with all no they loft. The 1ev. Mrr. ])'Aroy Irvino will ollieiate in his: oon church In-morrow inorninig; lnd after that day the ro will be two uervices on Sundoyo. A fow iltorations will lie niiade iu the appoint meonl of tio church. The foult will bi plaled near tilhe loer, ondii tie choir iid aliiirmoniuiuii plocoil in thu corner opposite tih tuinuporory readintgdeslk, 