MR. ALLERDALE GRAINGER ON PROTECTION, A new light was thrown on economical science at a meeting which wis held in the Town Hall Exchange Room, Adelaide, on Monday evening last, It issued from Mr. Allerdale Grainger, well-known as editor of the Australian Star. That gentleman apparently shares the opinion once expressed hy Mr. Ebenezer Ward that 'Adam Smith is obsolete,' and accordingly he has felt it his duty to instruct the South Australian public as to the best mode of encouraging native industries. The lecture, which was a masterly specimen of the unscientific use of facts and figures, was given, it was stated, as the first of a series in connection with a new political society known as the South Australian Association. The prime ohject of this organization is seemingly to revive hy any means the agitation' which many years ago was raised in South Australia hy politicians of the protectionist school, and to gal- vanise their dead theories with some thing of an appearance of life. The ghost of protection has been laid over and over agaiu, but like jack-in-the- box it will by no argument or per- suasion be kept down, and only requires a temporary withdrawal of exterior force to give it a fresh start. In bad times protection is often bronght up as the panacea for all the ills to which the social fabric is heir. There are some sections of the community who, under such circumstancss, are like the sufferer in Mark Twain's story of a cold — ever ready to buy some new specific ; but fortunately the good sense of the public as a whole is not with him. Notwithstanding the heroic efforts of its supporters, the last association in Adelaide having for its object ' the creation of a public opinion in favour of a protective tariff' died without ac- complishing its object. It is only lately that a systematic attempt has been made to revive the agitation, and with this view the South Australian As- sociation has been formed. The mem- bers may perhaps regard with com- placency the fact that last Monday evening, when Mr. Grainger delivered his lecture, and the Association made its debut, there was no active opposition on the part of the audience against the views he propounded, but it will be a mistake if they think that there was nothing to answer. The fact is that South Australians as a whole are free- traders, and have the best reasons for preferring Adam Smith and John Stuart Mill to Mr. Allerdale Grainger as teachers of economic science, but our leading politicians do not feel it incumbent on them to attend every protection meeting for the purpose of doing a work which properly belongs to the public schools. Mr. Grainger's arguments in favour of the levying of heavv customs duties to encourage colonial manufactures sufficiently con- futes itself. We shall not now enter on the well-trodden ground that no industry is of benefit to the country if its establishment and maintenance are purchased by a continual drain on the pockets of the consumers. The fatuity of bolstering up one class or one particular manufacture at the ex- pense of the community in general is too evident we should imagine to re- quire enforcement. Bat we may take Mr. Grainger's argument as containing in itself its own disproof. His proposal is that we " should adopt a protective policy in respect of such articles as we can produce ourselves, and admit free all other necessary articles such as we cannot produce at present.'' If this policy has the effect which he intends it is difficult to see in what quarter we are to look for our reserve. The protectionist believes in indirect tax- ation through the Custom House, but it is too often forgotten that the more a protective duty does all work required of it the less use does it become as a means of revenue. If the duties on ' such articles as we can produce' do their work properly, according to Mr. Grainger's argument, the revenue will decrease proportionately with the growth of industries created by them and supplying local wants; and we cannot turn to ' articles admitted free' for a revenue. Carried thus to its legitimate conclusions the reasoning of Mr. Grainger is seen to be ridiculous. We do not feel disposed to wander through the curious mixture of un- digested figures which the lecturer advanced in favour of his theory. Our readers will derive mental benefit from going through the lecture themselves, and observing on what flimsy grounds the argument is built. Naturally, be- fore an audience of protectionists, the lecture took well, and was considered by the gentlemen who moved the vote of thanks to Mr. Grainger a master piece of logic. Two or three of the speakers, who have been enriched at the expense of the rest of the com- munity through the Custom House, cannot by virtue of the position they occupy be freetraders. To them dear boots for the public and splendid man- sions for the local manufacturer may seem the best possible way of putting the theory, that politics is the science of the greatest good for the greatest number, on a practical foundation. The public are likely to think otherwise. Certainly the farmers of this colony are not likely to be misled by the delusive cry of a local market for their produce. They will want to be well assured that protection in a few years will give us the enormous population necessary to consume our breadstuff's before they will consent to hamper their industry by heavy duties on the necessaries of their trade. It may be argued that it is a bad thing to have our breadstuffs market regulated in other countries, but what is there to show that protec- tion, instead of remedying, will not aggravate the evil ? When a cat gives an entertain. uent on the top of a wall, it isn't the cat we object to, it'B the Waul. ' If you make it hoptional with me,' says the Englishman, ' I'll take beer.' 