ENTERTAINMENTS. DRAMATIC, &c.; The Theatre Royal has during the week beeu the scene of sensationalism sufficient to satisfy the most exacting of the Olympian, but the attendances have net been overwhelming, although the management appear to be fairly satisfied with the result. Mr. Bland Holt has found favour in his clever low- comedy imper sonations, and has shown himself exceedingly good in his particular liDe. That old favourite *• The Octoroon" was placed on the boards at the end of last week, and met With the flattering reception it always does. Adelaidians like to sympathise with the romantic woes of the lovely Zoe; approve the blunt honesty of Salem Scud der, and glory in the dramatic revenge of Wahnotee when he sacrifices the villainous Scudder to bis just vengeance. On Saturday night a four-act drama by Messrs. Pellett and Couquest, entitled the " Royal Pardon." was put on the boards, and went off well. It is very improbable, very sensational, and has a lot of comedy in it. The first act of the " It oval Pardon" opens with the return of Oaptain Seafield to his birthplace laden with riches. He is watched by the clerk of a pettifogging lawyer, who sees him open a satchel full of jewels and monoy. The clerk (Milbank) is instigated by Septimus Swinaledown to obtain possession of the jewels. Milbank finding that he cannot obtain them without arousing the old man from his sleep, strikes him with a boatbuilder's adze and throws him oyer the cliff. The crime is thrown upon the shoulders of Paul Markham, the keeper of the hotel in which the deed was done. The next act finds Milbauk married to Paul Markham's wife, Markham having been transported and reported to have died. Milbank obtains a legacy which fell due to Markham the day after the crime was committed, half of which belongs to Markham's daughter, whom he ' wishes to dispose of in order that he may possess the whole of the money. Paul Mark ham, however, returns from abroad, and frus trates the plots and machinations of Milbank to destroy his daughter. The comic element is furnished by an old drnnken schoolmaster, who has a budget of quaint conceits and makes him self useful by frustrating Milbank in his attempt to recover the treasure which he has concealed in the ground. Mr. Bland Holt made himself at home in the character of the scholastic inebriate, who wins the love of a girl named Peggy; witnesses a murder, receives a five years' . sentence of transportation for trying to exone rate an innocent man; comes back and joins the theatrioal profession. A character named Jacob Tatteragg, whose rags and tatters win the susceptible heart of Peggy, is very fond ef making quotations from Shakspeare and other poets, and mentioning the author at the end of each, which has an exceedingly fanny effect. Mr. Bland Holt was very dftu'dhg as the old pedagogue, and brought dowtrtfie house with a comic song, giving a popular description of the play of " Hamlet," while in his second character. He bad to respond to an encore for the song. In tbe disguise of an old French gentleman he was also thoroughly effective. His make-up in each of the changes was excellent. The other characters were generally well played. In faot the piece was redeemed from failure by the general effectiveness of the com pany. Paul Markbam, a boatman, who is tried for the murder of a sea csptain, wrongfully transported, and in the end somewhat mysteriously made the subject of a royal pardon, was represented with judgment by Mr. Herbert Fleming. His wife—Helen Markham—who afterwards gets married to the real murderer, Joseph Millbanke, afterwards Oastleton, was personated by Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner, who did full justice to tbe character, while Miss Essie Jenyns was more than usually natural as Mrs. Markham's daughter. Mr. Douglas assumed tbe role of Joseph Millbanke, and played it with considerable ability. Millbanke is shown to be a remarkably cool and calculating ruffian. Mr. Hans Phillips gave a very good rendering of the part of Harry Seafield, son of tbe mnrdered man, and barriater-at-law, who is in love with Mrs. Markham's daughter. The part of Septimus Swindledouu, a young gentle man with somewhat crude notions of honesty in ree&rd; to money making, was in the hands of Mr. S. Lawrence. Miss Lena Edwin played Pegg to perfection. Mr. A. Elliot appeared as Captain Seafield, a regular stage sailor; and Mr. O'Brien was effective as Jonas Greenwood, a deformed boatman. The scenery was very good. On Thursday evening a sensational drama by Dion Boucicault, entitled "The Long Strike," was produced. The main incident is the murder of Mr. Richard Radley, a mill-owner of Man chester, by Nosh Learoyd, the leader of the strike. The circumstantial evidence points to the deed having been committed by Jem Starkee, a faithful lover of Jane Learoyd, who seeks to save ber from the dishononrable atten tions of Radley. The girl knows who is guilty of the crime, and is distracted by the difficulty of tbe position in which.she finds herself placed, and it is only at tbe last moment that Starkee is saved from sentence of death by the opportune appearance of a friend in whose company he was at the time the murder was perpetrated. Mr. Holloway's make-up as Noah Learoyd was capital. He quite.looked the half-starved, broken down, elderly mill-hand, and represented the hardness, bitterness, and revengeful feelings appropriate to the character with much judg ment. Mr. Fleming was natural, and conse quently very effective in the part of the self sacrificing Jem Starkee, whom he made gentle and loving as he should be. Mr. St. Lawrence played Richard Radley in fair style, and Mr. Thorne was brimful of life and spirits as John Riley, the Hibernian admirer of Jane. Mr. Bland Holt undertook only an iuciaental role, that of Mr. Money Penny, an attorney who, though irate and impatient in bis speech, possesses a tender and com passionate heart. These conflicting qualities Mr. Holt made sufficiently apparent, indeed rather too much so, for he created a character which might be suitable in the wildest farce, but never by any possibility conld be seen in real life, and he should be above seeking to cause injudicious laughter by tbe frequent and unnecessary use of expletives. Mr. Phillips was better as the Bobby than in many parts he acts. Miss Lena Edwin as the factory girl Jane Learoyd had a different and much more difficult character to sustain than she has hitherto repre sented, and though she failed to impart the more delicate touches to the impersonation, it was yet natural and unconstrained, and not devoid of a considerable amount of appropriate feeling. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather there was a large attendance at the concert given on Saturday afternoon by Mr. Hermann Schrader, R.A.L., in the Town Hall Exchange-room. Mr. Schrader, who has recently returned from his musical studies on the Con tinent of Europe, has attained to considerable skill as a performer on the violin and the viola; but his forte is the piano, which instrument is entirely under his control. He was assisted on thiB occasion by Miss Minna FiBcner, Messrs. Oelmann, Heuzenroeder, J. Hall, and Winterbottom. The programme con tained selections from composers belonging almost exclusively to the German school, from Bach to Schubert, and in every instance the performers were very warmly and deservedly applauded. Miss Fischer's ren dering of the florid aria from " Der Freischutz," " Wie nahte mir der Sehlummer" (Softly sighs the voice of evening), was tasteful and faultless in execution, though apparently sung with con siderable effort, the composition itself being such as to rather severely tax the powers of even the trained vocalist. Mr. Oelmann was in ex cellent voice, and rendered three or four of Schubert's tenor songs with an evident apprecia tion of the composer's design. We were par ticularly pleased with a very pretty melody, " £ei mir gegriisst" (I greet you), which Mr. Oelmann rendered with much expression aud discriminating judgment. The instrumentalists, whether " sole or responsive each to other's notes," were, for the most part, in fine form, though in two or three instances there appeared to be an unnecessary waste of energy, without producing any commensurate effect. Rubinstein's sonata for the piano and violin called forth the very skil ful manipulation of Messrs. Heuzenroeder.and Schrader, bnt the result was disappointing. Rubinstein has the reputation of producing works of very unequal merit. -Mr. Schrader's interpretations of selections from Beethoven's Sonata in A major (Op. 2), was most pleasing. The largo movement in particular was given with precision and expressiveness, and was the finest instrumental performance of tbe whole. On Taesday, Sept. 14, a dramatic entertain ment was given at the Academy of Music in aid of tbe St. Paul's Day Schools. Tbe attendance was particularly large, almost every seat being taken up. The front part of the house was crowded, and in the gallery there were few seats vacant. His Excellency the Governor was present. Before the performance commenced a prologue was recited by Captain FerguBson, A.D.O. The play chosen fur the occasion was "School," by no means an easy piece to be performed by amateurs, hut the manner iu which it was rendered slowed that tbe actors bad not 07er rated their powers. The piece was extremely well put on the stage, much care evidently having been devoted to this object, and no expense having been spared to make it thoroughly realiatio. As regards the performers, the place of honour muBt be given to the young lady who took the part of Naomi Tighe, and after her to the lady who repre sented the orphan Bella. Mrs. Sutcliffe's part was also remarkably well played, and the young ladies who acted as the school were likewise exceedingly good. As regards the male charac ters, the best part was undoubtedly that of Beau Farintosb, which was admirably repre sented. Next to this was Dr. Sutcliffe, and after Jack Poyntz and Lord Beaufry. The somewhat unenviable part of Krux was also very well played. Taken as a whole the perfor mance was vastly superior to the ordinary run of amateur theatricals, and was well worthy of the large attendance it secured. The, play was repeated on Wednesday night. On Saturday night, September 11, Professor Pepper concluded his series of scientific enter tainments, and popularized his lecture and entertainment as much as possible,' and there fore made the wonders of the oxy-hydrogen microscope the chief attraction. He exhi bited on the screen a variety of interesting objects in insect life enormous'y magnified, and explained their structure and uses in his usual lucid and happy style. The second part of the programme consisted of a grand dioramic display of viewa of Afghanistan, embracing a large number of pictures illustrative of the war which has been carried on in that country by the British, down to the recent triumph at Kandahar. Many of these views were remarkably good, being not only beantifuliy coloured and perfect in the perspective, but possessing a photographic dis tinctness which is rarely to be seen in dioramic exhibitions. They gave a capital idea of the moun tainous and picturesque character of the country and its warlike people, and were more calcu lated to instruct and impress the beholder with the magnitude of the work which England has undertaken in bringing the Afghans to submis sion than any amount of book-reading. The audience repeatedly testified their appreciation by outbursts of warm applause. Professor Pepper intends to go on a lecturing tour in the country for about a fortnight, after which he will return to Adelaide and give his famous ghost entertainment. With reference to Mr. Ketten, the talented pianist and composer, who is now in Adelaide, the Ntui' ,Tork Daily Graphic says:—"Henry Rett-..,, > iae eminent pianist and composer, is not quite thirty-two, he having been born at Baya, Hungary, March 25, 1843. His parents removed shortly after his birth to Posen, where he first exhibited the gifts that caused Azevedo, the great Parisian critic, to declare him 'a child of inspira tion.' He began his mnsical studies when only five years old, and eighteen months later he gave his first concert. Soon after he went to Paris, where introductory letters from Liszt, Moscheles, and other German celebrities pro cured bim admission to the Conservatoire, althongh be had not yet attained the age of ten years, which is required by the rules. He studied pianoforte-playing under Marmontet, and composing under Haievy, and made such rapid progress that two years after his fame was so high that Qneen Victoria summoned him to Osborne. In 1862, when he was only fourteen, he revisited his native Hungary, and gave a series of fifty-two concerts in the principal cities. A nervous disorder brought him back to Paris, but did not indnce him to abstain from practising his favonrite art. In 1865 he made a tour of Holland, where he every where won the heartiest applause; and two years later, when he appeared at the Paris Exposition Universelle, his position as one of tie greatest mnsical per formers of the age was fully established. After that he made tours of Germany, Austria, Bussia, and Switzerland, and for three years he acted as the conductor of the orchestra at the Imperial Theatre at Constantinople, and as pianiBt in ordinary to Saltan Abdul Aziz. In 1870 he fell ill, and the theatre being burned in the same year, he resigned his positions and went to Italy, where, after the restoration of his health, he created quite a furore in Milan and in the other cities of the Peninsula. The Bhedive invited him to Cairo, where he played in the palace, and soon after returned to Paris. In 1877 he performed f®r six consecutive weeks in London, where he evoked each enthusiasm as is seldom aroused in that capital. He is now writing an .opera to be called 'Les Aspares,' which is to be brought out at the Paris Grand Opera-house. As a pianist he rankB among the very highest; and as a compoaor, those who have enjoyed the pleasure of listening' to his works say that they show a rare degree of originality and power." 