TOWN TAJ The revenue returns for the quarter pub lished in last night's Gazette show a net in crease on the quarter of £109,104. The total revenue for the nine months ending 21st March shows a decrease of £3740 com* pared with the same period last year. It is rumored that the hon. Mr Henty in* tends resigning his seat for the South western Province. Should that gentleman do so Mr Connor, Maj'or of Geelong, will offer his services to the electors. Already a number of influential residents in the pro vince have promised to support the Mayor in his candidature in the event of a vacancy for the province taking place. A meeting of the Town Council will be held on Monday evening. The Finance Committee recommend the acceptance of an offer to lend £2000 at 6 per cent, interest until the 1st June. The Legislative Com mittee recommend the payment of half the cost of repairing and maintaining the Barwon bridge. The Market Committee recommend various improvements at the cattle market premises. At a meeting of the Board of Advice for the school district of Geelong, held yester day, arrangements were made for the snitable reception of the hon. Robert Ramsay, who is to re-open Flinders School on Monday. The scholars will sing several of their school songs, under the direction of Mr Hadfield and addresses are to be delivered by the Minister of Public Instruction and other gentlemen. After the building has been inspected, the hon. Mr Ramsay will be en tertained by the Board. A conrt for the revision of the jury lists was held yesterday morning. The lists for Geelong, Drysdale, Geelong West, Inverleigh, Little River, and Leigh Road were revised, and two slight altera tions made, one in Geelong, where an ap plicant was exempted from acting on the Jury owing to his being over the age of sixty years. The monthly meeting of the committee of the Mechanics' Institute was held last even ing. Present—Mr W. Field (in the chair), and Messrs Lennon, Dwyer, Hendy, Lane, Hay, and Dr. W. Shaw. The minutes of the last meeting having been read anc con firmed, accounts amounting to £54 4s lid were passed for payment. The secretary re. ported that the library had an accession of 50 volumes during the month, amongst which will be found:—Freeman's History of the Norman Conquest, James' Life of Na thaniel Hawthorne, Dowden'sLifeof Sontbey, Pattison's Life of Milton, Life and Work of Mary Carpenter, Freedur's Sketches from Shady Places, WhympeFs The Sea, its Stir ring Story of Adventure, Peril, and Heroism; Lewis' Problems of Life and Mind (third series), Combes' Education, its Principles andPractice; Sandeman's Eight Months in an Ox Wagon, Bucknall's Search for a Fortune, and Max Mailer's Origin and Growth of Reli gion. The Secretary having reported the receipt from Mr Terry of a work entitled, " Ghost-Land; or, Researches into the Mysteries of Occultism," it was resolved that the same be accepted, with the thanks of the committee. It was further resolved that a special meetiug of the members he held on Monday, the 19th inst, to consider the billiard-room report, postponed from the last annual meeting. The Secretary was instructed to advertise for a gentleman com petent and willing to conduct University and matriculation classes in connection with the Institute. We are informed that, owing to some mis understanding with the resident surgeon, the matron of the Geelong Hospital has been temporarily suspended. A great injustice is done to ratepayers in the system pursued by certain pnblic bodies of advertising in journals that do the busi ness cheaply enough, no doubt; but which fail to reach the persons who are interested in municipal announcements. A case in point occurred at the Geeloug West Coun cil last night, when a ratepayer pointed out that he had intended to appeal against the assessment of his property, but that he saw no advertisement in the Geetong Adver- j User iudic-iting that he must appear at the Police Court. The Council in fairness ought to let those burgesses who only read the Advertiser know that its announcements may be found npon Mr Ibbotson's newspaper hoarding, at the corner of Malop and Moora bool-streets. A private telegram was received in Gee long yesterday to the effect that a lad named John Buchauan, abont twelve and a half years of age, and a resident of Kokewood, had accidentally shot himself and had died from the effects yesterday morning. No further particulars of the melaucholy occur rence were given. The relations of a contractor named Henry Cobb with the Barrabool Shire Council are anything but happy, he fancying that he is being imposed upon by the Council. He was the successful tenderer for the supply of a quantity of maintenance metal for the Colac road, the price per yard being 6s 3d for 2J inch metal. As the stone supplied did not come up to the specifications, which provided for first-class metal, the Engineer gave him notice to that effect. He replied, stating that the stone he was taking out was the best that could be procured from the shire quarries, but took no further notice, and continuedibreaking the same material. The Engineer accordingly recommended that a deduction of 20 per cent, be made from 330 yards, thus deducting £20 12s 6d from a total of £103 2s 6d» and leaving the contractor £S2 10a. This recommendation the Council adopted. Mr Cobb, who was present, objected, and threatened legal proceedings. Later on, Mr Cobb was asked whether he would supply an additional 200 yards on the Loutit Bay | i road at schedule price. Considering the i Council's treatment of him over his other I work, Mr Cobb refused to supply the addi- I tional quantity. The Council, in pre ference to compelling him to supply the stone required (which the specifications allowed them to do), decided to call for tenders for the work. It would be difficult to find a much more foolish case of "catting off one's nose to spite his face." The manner in which the street lamps in West Geelong are attended to, or rather ne glected, in the matter of lighting, was referred to at the meetiog of the Borough Council last night by Cr. O'Brien. That gentleman brought up a list of the streets in which several lamps were not lit at seven o'clock on Wednesday night, and half -past six o'clock on -Thursday night. The agreement with : the Gas Company is "to the effect that the limp3 be lit at sundown, bnt it appears that the company sub-lets the lighting, and on the c mtractors for this work they lay the blame. ; Cr. Buckland stated that he had spoken on | the subject to the secretary of the Gas Com piny, and that gentleman had said the Council had merely to complain and the C unpany would see that the contractors car ried out their instructions. Cr. Bnckland reminded him that the Council had com plained, but he said the complaints had never been properly made. The Town Clerk was instructed to communicate .with the secretary of the company, and furnish them wiha list of the specific cases mentioned by Cr. O'Brien in which the lighting had been neglected. At. the Police Court, yesterday, a sailor named William Riley was remanded until Monday, on a charge of having behaved in an insulting manner in the street on Thurs day evening. One drunken man was fined in the usual penalty. Mr Timothy Hardy- man, of the All Nations Hotel, Breakwater, applied for a temporary license for a booth in the Botanical Gardens, on the occasion of the railway employes' pic-nic, to be held there to-day. The consent of the Corpora- tion to the booth being erected in the gardens was produced, and the Mayor, as Chairman of the Bench, promised that the police ma- gistrate would grant the license this morning. The magistrates on the benoh were the Mayor, and Messrs Weekes and Brady, Js.P. I Yesterday afternoon the oil paintings at the Exhibition were judged by the Rev. H. P. Kane and Messrs Ford, M'Kennal, and ; Turner, all of Melbourne. The judges highly commended the exhibits of oils, Mr M'Kennal stating that they are far superior to those shown at the Juvenile Exhibition in Melbourne. The exhibits of oil paintings in the juvenile class were especially favorably commented upon. We understand that Mr Van den Houten was awarded a special gold medal for his collection of oil paintings and water color drawings. Very heavy rain fell in the Lara district on Tuesday night, occasional smart showers falling on Wednesday also. All the water holes and dams, we understand, were filled to repletion. Ploughing is now fast draw ing to a close in that district, and many of the farmers will probably commence sowing during the incoming week. A woman named Jane Cook Brehaut was arrested by Senior-constable Quinn on Sun- day at Rokewood, on a charge of having at- tempted to shoot a boy, the son of Mr Thomas Rowe, at Sandy Creek. The pri- soner was taken to Leigh Road on Thursday evening, and placed in the lock-up there. She will be brought before the Leigh Road Police Court on Wednesday next. On Thursday afternoon a meeting in the insolvent estate of Michael Melvill, fisher man, of Porfcariington, was held before the Chief Clerk of the Insolvency Court. There were no creditors present, and the meeting closed. Bluff House, a two-storey building at Queenscliff, con taming 10 rooms, and having a frontage of 132ft. to Mercer-street, by a ; depth of 124ft., was sold on Wednesday, by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson, for £425, to Mr Sheehan, hotelkeeper. The following new insolvency schedule has been filed :—John Merrell, of Geelong, late hotelkeeper, but now out of business. Causes of insolvency—Long illness, falling off in busi ness, stoppage of the Provincial and Subur ban Bank, and pressure of creditors. Lia bilities. £136 0s 6d ; assets, £5 ; deficiency, £131 0s 6<L In response to an advertisement calling for tenders from competent persons willing to fill the duties "of Surveyor and Secretary for the Shire of Barrabool, there were ten appli cations, two of the former secretaries being amongst the tenderers. The Council went into committee to consider the merits of the applicants, but our reporter was compelled to leave before any decision had been ar rived at. We learn that Mr E. Hopton, of Fyans ford, has sent in a protest to the committee of the Antnmn Show, against the interfer ence with the judges' award in the recent wine grape competition. Mr Hopton sub mits that Mr Brnhn did not exhibit wine grapes only. We have been informed that Messrs Brear ley Bros., of the Australian Tannery, have received intimation that their exhibit of leather, eta, at the International Exhibition* Sydney, has been awarded a gold medal. The members of the Catholic Young Men's Association held their ordinary meeting last night, Mr Hogan (president) in the chair. The secretary submitted the balance-sheet of the St. Patrick's night entertainment, which showed the total receipts to have been £5510s, the expenditure £13 6s, leav ing a net balance of £42 4s. The balance sheet was unanimously adopted. A hearty vote of thanks was passed to the Melbourne young Men's Societies for the kind and genial reception accorded to the Geelong visitors at the Easter Monday picnic. After the transaction of other routine business, a •veil-written paper on " The Duties of Young Men" was read by Mr J. Keating, and afterwards favorably criticised by the meeting. With the cnstomary vote of thanks to the chair, the meeting adjourned. There was a very good attendance at the Exhibition concert last evening, and a capi. tal programme was provided. A glee party, consisting of Mesdames Cavenagh and Goodall, the Misses Reeves and J. andE. Wilmot, and Messrs T. Brearlsy, Cavenagh, and J. S. Begley, sang a number of glees in very acceptable manner,, the best rendered, perhaps, being " The Village Choristers." Miss Reeves sang "We'd better bide a wee" in' a sympathetic manner, and gained deserved applause. "The tar's farewell" and " Remember" were sung by Mr Begley in his nsnal tasteful manner. Mr X. Brearley gave a very acceptable rendition of " Rosaline." Mr J. Ryan, who was down on the programme for two comic songs, was unable to appear, owing to his Buffering from a severe cold. This evening the entertainment will be given by a number of the members of the metropolitan Lieder tafel. A programme has been provided, which includes several of their most popular part Bongs. The soloists, also, are gentle men by no means unknown to musical fame, so that there should be a large audience. The third and fourth exhibitions by Chiarini's circus company were given yester. day afternoon and evening, the latter being patronised by fully 1500 persons. The per formances were mnch superior to those on Thursday, and the various feats of eques trians, athletes, and gymnasts were loudly applauded. The trained horses, ponies, rebras, and dogs performed in a very surprising manner, whilst the wild buffalo was also made to do a little exercise in the arena. The company proceeded to Melbourne by special trains shortly after two o'clock this morning. The petitions forwarded to his Excellency the Governor, praying for the release of David Henry, have been forwarded to the Law | officers, and the case is now under the con sideration of the Attorney-General. A large meeting of the congregation of Chalmers' Chnrcb, Melbourne, was held on Thursday evening, for the purpose of bidding farewell to their pastor, the Rev. J as. Beattie, who left yesterday by mail steamer for Scot laud, be having resigned his pastorate through ill health. An Argus telegram from Brisbane, dated Thursday, says :—" At Allora, three boys named Sullivan and two Flynns, aged six to eight, left their homes, on the afternoon of Easter Monday. After a long search they were fonnd yesterday morning drowned in the Dalrymple Creek." The Sydney Morning Herald mentions that the commissioner for the Japanese em pire on March 24th presented to the colony of New South Wales a magnificent collec tion of Japanese works of art, comprising vases, cabinets, incense burners, Ac. As an evidence of the friendly feeling existing between the Government of Japan and that of the colony, the presentation is one of considerable importance. Ou Thursday night a groom named Joseph Thompson, who was formerly employed by Mr James Moran, a publican at Woolsthorpe, near Warrnambool, was arrested in Mel bourne by Detective Conaidiue, upon a charge of abducting a giri 15 years of age, named Martha Beegs. On the 24th ult., the prisoner, who had been eight months in Mr Moran's employ, suddenly left, and went to Warrnambool, whence the girl followed him. He then brought her on to Melbonrne. The number of men taken on at the Har bor Trust works, Fisherman's Bend, on Thursday was 106. Out of the men whose names were furnished by the Commissioner of Public Works as being applicants for employment SO presented themselves, and the other 2G were men who had come on their own account. Yesterday a further batch of laborera were engaged, and two gangs with-horses and carts were taken on. The total nnmher of hands now amounts to 154\. The commissioners have authorised the engineer to procure barrows and other plant for employing 200 men in all. Messrs \V. H. Glen and Co., the represen tatives in this country of Ernest Kape, the celebrated pianoforte-maker of Dresden, re qnest us (Arijus) to state that this manufac tory is preparing four instrnments for the forthcoming exhibition in Melbourne, com prising a large size concert-grand in the American style, 7J {octaves; a (patent short iron-grand in the old German style, the hand carving on the case of which has taken two workmen 17 weeks to finish ; and also two concert cottage pianos in walnnt. The grands are in imitation ebony. These in struments are to represent the best of the manufacturer's capabilities. The Victorian Independent states:—"There is good reason to believe that shortly a gen tleman in every respect worthy the position will have been fonnd to succeed tothe vacant pastorate of Collins Btreet Church. At date of latest advices from the London committee, the name of a minister of known ability was before them, who could not fail to grow in popularityl; and it is believedlthat he would be willing to spend his life in Victoria. The secretary of the committee expresses the hope that by an early mail or telegram they will convey the gratifying news to us that the gentleman referred to has consented to fill the responsible position." The venerable wife of a celebrated physi cian one day, casting her eyes out of the window, observed her husband in the funeral procession of one of his patients, at which she exclaimed—"I do wish my husband would keep away from snch processions. It appears so much like a tailor carrying home his work." The Manchester Guardian states that there has recently died at Hanwell, in bis 47th year, Mr Augustus Meaves,' with whom ex pires a very singular claim. The deceased and bis father claimed to take precedence over the Dae d'Aumale and the other dis tinguished members of the house of Orleans, as being an elder branch of the family. Ten years ago the figure of Mr Augustus Meaves was a tolerably familiar one in Bome of the London newspaper offices. We have received Cobb and Co.'a "Tra Tellers7 Guide," for April. It contains ita usual budget of useful information. We beg to call special attention to the sale, this day at noon, by Mr John Davison, at his rooms, of portion of the celebrated Gleocairn Estate, Barrabool, comprising 53S acres superior grazing and cultivated laud, fronting the Barwon. Anniversary services in connection with the St. George's Church Sunday School will be conducted to morrow by the Bev. J. W. Inglis, of Ballarat. The Bev. W. C. Banning will preach in tho Aberdeen « street Baptist Church to morrow. The evening service "will com mence at half-past six o'clock. The anniversary services of the Yarra street Wesleyan Sabbath School will be con ducted to-morrow, by the Rev. W. H. Fitchett, in the morning and evening, and the Bev. A. Davidson in the afternoon. jSText Monday week the operatic satire of H. M.S. Pinafore will be produced at the Mechanics' Iustitnte, by Mr Williamson's company. 