ITEMS OF NEWS. It will be seen by a notice in .another column that nearly twenty gentlemen met last night, and resolved upon holding another carnival. Opinion was nearly divided as to whether it should take place on Boxing-Day or New-Year's-Day ; but a small majority determined in favour of the for- mer. The decision is one that will not give universal satisfaction, as the Campbells Greek sports will then be. held, and as the purpose is also for the local charities, tho one attraction must militate against the other. To this disad vantage has to be added the want of amusement for people on New- Year's-Day. Had there been a division, one committee could have assisted the other, and both would thus be strengthened, while the residents would have two days of local recreation instead "of one. The Royal Saxon Go. cleaned up yesterday from 160 tons stone for 4L oz. of gold. The Siam left HZobsoii's Bay yesterday. She teok 8110 oz 13 dwt of gold aiid-5000 sovs. The Liberal Association recently formed at Campbells Greek, is likely to turn out a power ful organisation, as at the meetings held the at tendance is numerous,, and new. -inembers are constantly seeking enrollment. . ' , . Mr Sinclair, of Guildford, who is a bird fancier, and takes delight in English songsters, lias added to his choice selection a blackbird, which' is an object of: considerable curiosity to . those who came out years ago. , . On Friday, the 22iid inst. an entertainment will be givjjn atthe State School. Tarilta, for the pur pose of raising funds, to purchase prizes for the scholars. /Mr Lewis, the head teacher; is making every effort to ensure success. " ' A meeting of, the Agricultural Society was held last night for the pnrp'ose of dealing with /tenders for. fencing the Square. 1 This 'was done', and judges were appointed over the various de partments. It was also resolved that an invita tion be forwarded , to,; the. Goyernor to attend the show. . Mr Thorburn informs us that he-has disposed of nearly all the promoters' shares iii' the'Work- /ing Miners' Company, -and- that a -meeting of sharehqlders.;wiUf.be,,held. .next week ,to; adopt rules and appoint '.directors./ , The Working Miners' ground is next to the prospectors' claim, and whose quartz lias averaged 3J oz. to the ton. Mr Heron, of Mopoke Gully, Strathloddon, lias had for some time a visitor, who took up its quarters between the weatherboards and/ lining of his house, and as he could not make out What the "beast " was, he determined to/satisfy his curiosity, and finally succeeded iii doing' so. It turned out to be a whip/snake'betiveen four and five feet long, which' he killed. ' The services in the Congregational Church .to morrow will be conducted by the Rev. T. James, of Melbourne. At the Mechanics' Institute; Mr Davey will preach in the evening at 7; o'clock ; the usual morning service will be held at 11 o'clock. At Ghewton, anniversary, services will be preached in the Congregational Church by the Rev. A. Uglo w in/the mbrningj /'and /tlie Rev. W. A. Whitney in the evening. The Mechanics' Institute Committee were to have opened tenders at their last meeting for cementing the building; but' deferred db!irig; so on account of a motion being given that will come up for consideration at next meeting, for increasing the size of tho . building by erecting rooms either at the back :or, front; as may be determined upon. The /hall has. been granted for the use of - the ; School, of .- Arts . for three months, free of charge, "except for/gas; ' /Tho desire to cultivate shrubs and plants for ornament and beautifying premises'/ 'is;' extend ing in all directions where facilities are .afforded for protection. The Ciutleinaine district is most admirable in. its climate, for most plants, ./and in tact for all if protected from the frosts. At Yapeen, Mrs ZPhilpot, has some ohoice and rai'e plants and shrubs, selected from the best in and about Melbourne, and it is thought the neat ver andah in front, will afford sufficient shelter and protection to mature them. : ' The premises of- Mr Thomsou in Barker- street, had a narrow escape from fire about one o'clock yesterday, moriiitig. It appears that some Mlies were tlnwn/iuto. a/ box that stood pear to, the. kitchen, whuoh/ is built of /wpod, and that this box . took fire; and set -tee; to /another box standing beside the gable of the apartment, fortunately the flames were , seen by a person passing up the street, and he having aroused. Mr Thomson from bed, the latter quickly; got .'up; and soon had .the fire extinguished. A few of the corner weatherboards in tho kitchen wore scorched. The Government of New South Wales intend, ill view of the circumstances attending the wreck of the Susannah Godeffroy, to indrpduce a bill- next session to prevent unBeawbrthy vesseh going to sea. .' George Butler, formerly a' waiter Wt the Australian, Club' Hotel; Melbourne, was charged at, the Sandhurst Police-court yesterday with stealing a gold looket and a corkscrew, the pro perty of John Lloyd of the City Family Hotel. The accused .was sent to gaol for six months. A telegram frcm Bright on Thursday, says " The Jackass Quartz-mining Company at Lfarrietville — Messrs. Morgan and Co. have just completed crushing a very rich paroel of atone, IdSOoz. retorted gold being'obtained from 163 tons crushed. This is the best return that has over been obtained from any quartz reef in thh district/ considering both yield and quantity put through the stamps, nearly all the stone boiug of a uniform richness." Mr Howitt; the mining warden of Gippsland reports that during the past month a discovery of cobalt has taken place at the Eureka Quartz Mine, hoar Walhalla. Tho cobalt ore is in the form of a " wad" lining, and tho deposit, which is in aii old working, appears to be of consider able extent. The discovery was made by a party known as Qorrocks and others, who have applied to the Government to be rewarded for the dis covery.; matter whioh is purely at the disore- tioti of the' Government, and dependent upon the value of the deposit. The Monuiuir arrived at Port Darwin, on ' Thursday, with 427 Chinese, and the Meath with 283. A splendid silver reef lias been discovered ; withjn six., miles of Cooma. . . A company has been formed to work the land, which has been leased. The Malwa, with the fortnightly mails from England, arrived at Albany on Thursday. She should reach Adelaide on Monday, and Hobson's Bay early on Wednesday morning. At the Sydney Criminal Court, on Thursday, William Kemble was sentenced to two years' im prisonment for an indecent assault, and to a simi lar torm for lewdness, and in addition to a whipping of twenty lashes. The tin-mluing industry at Inverell, New South Wales, is making rapid strides. The Ruby- hill Tin Mine, at Ashford shows a. remarkable face of 15ft. of washdirt and 2ft. of solid tin, at the 25ft. level. The return of the attendance at the Melbourne Exhibition on Thursday, as furnished by the comptroller of admission, is as follows .'—The ordinary public at Is., 2562 ; season ticket holders, 120 miscellaneous, 1,860 ; total, 4542. The railway traffic at Echuca has assumed enormous "proportions. As mauy at 200 loaded truoks are sent away from the railway station in a day, and this week 6000 bales of wool were sent away by Wednesday.. The live-stock traffic is also very heavy. A fisherman captured at Geelong, on Thurs day, by means of a boathook, a large octopus which was seen near the Yarra-street wharf. This specimen, which attracted considerable' at tention, is believed to be the largest ever seen in Corio Bay. Sir William Robinson, Governor of Western Australia, was so impressed with the beauty of the Lake and gardens at Ballarat, that he has asked for plans with a view to forming water re serves in Western Australia into pleasure re serves on the same principle. The Wimmera Star announces an .increase in the price of wheat in Horsham ; the market value of parcels now having risen to 3s 7d per bushel. The future state of the market is uncertain. Although late in the season there is still a good quantity being - delivered in Hor sham daily. At a private meeting held at Melbourne , of the principal creditors of Messrs. James Buick and Co., drapers, of Sandhnxat..aud— BsHa'rat— about foflrififttis of tho liabilities being repre sented—a.' resolution , was unanimously agreed to that the extension of time asked for by the firm should be granted. Mr.. G. O., Duncan, inspector-general of the Pehhl department, has been informed that his service's have been dispensed with.: - His con nection with the department ceased on the 13th inst. Mr Duncan has held the appointment which he now surrenders since the year 1871, and his connection with the departmept goes back for nearly 30 years. ' At the' invitation of the Swan Hill Shire Council and ;the Kerang Railway League, the hon. Graham Berry, Chief Secretary, will visit Kerang, on the 22nd inst. .He will beaocompanied by the hon. J. ZB. Patterson, Minister of Rail ways,' the Hon/ R. 'Riohardson ,' Minister of Lands, and/probably by the hon G.-.D, Langridge, Com missioner of Public Works. ' Owing to. two; sohool teachers having lately written "a letter to the newspapers respecting the proceedings of boards of advice, the Newtown hoard have obtained an ' opinion from the Minister of Education respecting the liberty of the school teachers in.that respect./ The Educa tion department have intimated that teachers are permitted to furnish, the /.press', with written reports loft in the school, but that teachers are not permitted to write to the press on. matters affecting their schools, or commehting upon the aotion of - the ; members, of their '.boards',' 'of ad- vice. , A communication lias been received, by the Rochester Board bf Advice'from the" Education Department, in reference to the board's letter and documents re corporal punishment in State schools. This states that the Minister of Public Instruction -is not prepared to extend 'the - per mission to inflict corporal punishment .beyond the limits prescribed in circular 80 | 10, and that on no account could; ho approv.e of girls being subjected to such punishment. - The reply further states that the Minister has been strongly confirmed in the opinion lio has long, held on this subjeot by. the /information received from the Inspector-General of /Public/ Instruction for France, now visiting this colony, that since 1848 corporal punishment has " been abolished, and with the best results, in the schools of that coun try. Ned Kelly, who is to be tried on Monday, is, we (Herald) learn, cheerful and hopeful. He displayed in gaol none of the bloodthirsty characteristics attributed to him. He was in deed so mild and quiet in his demeanor that it was difficult to reconcile him with the terrible bushranger of the newspapers. The wound in his foot seemed to give him the greatest trouble. It appears that the ball entered between the big toe and the next. Striking the bone it went down to the sole of the boot, from which it re bounded, to the top of the instep ; there it lodged until it was extracted a few days after the Beechworth trial. In his conversation Kelly said very little respectiug his career or the events for which he will have to answer. He spoke always of the present and future, and seemed to believe that he was a very much abused man. The third sitting of the Social Science Con gress was 'held on Thursday afternoon in tho i Assembly-hall, the Bishop of Melbourne in the chair. Mr Harper's paper, entitled " Education in Germany in oomparison with Education in Victoria," proved a very interesting one," and provoked some remarks from Dr. Hearn. Mr Gladman's paper "on " Training of Teaohers" received a few words of commendation from the nhairman. The sitting was resumed at the /Technological-hall, at the rear of the Melbourne Public Library, in the evening, when the atten dance was extremely meagre. Throe papers "were read, viz., "Physical Education," by Mr "G. Techow ; " Home Education as influenced by surroundings," by the Rev. W. L, . Blamires ; and " How to Teach Grammar," by Mons. De Morimy ; but thero was little or no discussion, and the sitting was concluded shortly after 10 /o'clock. i The Age reports that tho annual sermon in conneotion with tho Congregational Union and Mission was preached on Wednesday night, in the Collins-street Independent Church, by the Rev. Samuel Hebditoh, before a large audience. /The rev. gentleman chose for his text the First Epistle to St. John, v. 10. He delivered an eloquent discourse, in which, he regretfully alluded to the scepticism of the age. He pointed out that there were many groat truths that car ried with them the evidence of their vority/ We needed ne record to tell us that God had placed the sun in our system, for evidence of the fuct and the faot went together. So too tho great truths of religion wero revealed to us by " tho record that God gave His son," and as v;e were not left without a witness we were left without exouse. During the delivery of the sermon Mr Hebditoh read verses six and eight of the chap ter from whioh he had quoted his text. "You will observe," he said, " that I have omitted verso seven. )Tou will hardly be startled at my doing so, for it is now generally acknowledged that it is spurious." The words of tho seventh verse are, " For there are three that bear rocord in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost, and thoso three are one." The faot thus mentioned had long beon known to scholars, but at the present time the British and Foreign Bible Society print and publish the verse without note or comment, and it goes forth to the un- lettered publio as part of a divinely-inspired : work, i An expert pickpooket named Jane Smith re ceived a well-merited sentence at the hands of the Melbourne Bench on Wednesday. She was obsorved to pick the pocket of a lady named Elizabeth Fennolly in the Western Market on Wednesday morning, and was captured by Mr H. J. Eikins, a produce dealer, who saw her commit the robbery, and gave her into the oUBtody of Constable Grace. Sergeant Mooney proved 11 previous convictions against her, and she was sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, with hard labour. The Beechworth Court of Assize opened on Thursday morning before Mr Justice Higin- botham. Mr Chomley, instructed by Mr W. H. Wrixon, prosecuted for the Crown. The calen dar included eight cases, comprising horse steal ing, cattle stealing, maliciously wounding, un natural offence, letter stealing, making false declarations, and perjury. Robert Ellis, charged with horse stealing at Wangaratta, was found guilty. Austin Hanrahan, for cattle stealing at Yarrawonga, was found not guilty, on the direc tion of his Honour, as the evidence was not conclusive. John Steele was found guilty of maliciously wounding Alexander Quin at Wan garatta. Patrick Deiany, 14 years of age, charged with stealing a letter while acting as mail boy between Greta and South Hanson, was found guilty, with a strong recommendation to mercy on account of his youth and previous good character. James M'Fadden was found not guilty of having committed a criminal assault upon a boy at Wodonga. His Honour Mr Justice Stephen got into a passion at Belfast. The jury in .the case of Henry T. Read, indicted for embezzling L236, funds of the Warrnainbool Building Society, of which he was secretary, acquitted the defen dant. The decision (saj's the Standard) was evidently unexpected by His Honour, who, /after an interval of silence, and looking at the "Crown Prosecutor, asked — " What's the une of going on with these Belfast 'cases 1 It's per- feqtly disgracefu!. . I would advise the Crow.-v /Prosecutor not to proceed further.- .- It's a dii- i grace to the whole system of trial by jury." The /Crown Prosecutor said it was evidently no use | to proceed now with the other charges against Read ; he asked for a postponement and change of venue; This was resisted for the prisoner. After some argument, His Honour rose in a pas sion, and said he would, discharge the prisoner altogether. "My opinion is," continued His .Honour, " that Belfast requires to be exter- ' ruinated. It is Belfast that is on its trial, not that man." His Honour then left the Court. By the s.s. Ringarooma we are in receipt of /New Zealand files to the 7th October; — The natives look upon the sentence of imprisonment passed at New Plymouth upon the fifty-nine Maori prisoners sb very harsh, and they have /commenced to show, a spirit of discontent to- wards'Te Whiti' and Tohu for permitting such treatment of their followers. In order to coun teract this spirit of disaffection, Tohu has given out that he has performed several miraculous /cures. He claims to have restored sight to- a blind man, and to have performed other niar- vels. It is reported that a Maori prophet named Paora Reta is engaged stirring up the Te Ore Ore natives, a large body of whom are now assembled there. He predicts a second deluge, iti which the Europeans will be the victims, and the Maoris rescued by the gods. At a large and important Maori meeting, held at Talago Bay, to celebrate the opening of a large covered house, in honour of the deceased chief Te Karie, a Takoran, some important statements were made in favour of peace. The manufacture of potato farina is already beginning ; to assume practical proportions. Several farmers (says the Star) in the Burround- ing district have taken up the matter, and it is probable that before long a regular trade will bo. done in this article. We had the pleasure on Thursday of inspecting a parcel of farina, weigh ing 37 lb manufactured by. Mrs Wm. Cockburn, the wife of a well-known farmer residing at Clark's Hill. This lady informed ub that it took about a small bucketful of potatoes to make a pound of this article. Her mode of manufac turing it was as follows ; — The potatoes were first washed as clean as possible, and grated, after which the fragments were put in a dish and washed, then strained through a riddle and washed again, the, water poured off, and the residue strained, this time through a/ sieve, and finally strained, through a linen or muslin bag, and. dried, when it was 'fit for use. The farina was exceedingly white, and' had . but little grit. One difficulty and source of waste mentioned was. the inability to thoroughly grate the pota toes and use the whole of them, as when ground- down to a certain size the remainder could not be used, and had to be thrown away. Mrs Cockburn also showed a sample of farina which had been made some seven years ago. It was apparently in splendid condition. On Thursday evening a suicide of a most de termined character was committed, the victim of his own rashness being a well- known dairy man named George Ermel, a German, residing: at Happy Valloy. The unfortunate man (reports/ the Bendigo Advertiser) has lately been drinking very heavjly, and was seen about Sandhurst on Thursday by a number of persons who knew him, and his appearance was Buch as to lead to the belief that he was very considerably under the influence of drink, especially as the day ad vanced, and he was noticed in the afternoon proceeding across Market-square evidently much intoxicated. At about half-past six , o'clock, he was Been, when walking near Mr Ross's drapery establishment, View Point, to stagger and fall. A number of persons who witnessed the oc currence were under the impression that the man had simply lost his equilibrium through the effects of an over-indulgence in drink. His con duct after he fell, however, indicated that he was undergoing great suffering, ns he seemed convulsed with pain, which caused him to cry out, and to writhe as if he was in a fit. Mr T. Stewart, a letter-carrier engaged in the Post office, who saw him fall, went up to him and questioned him. He said, in reply to Mr Stewart's queries, that he had taken poison, having swallowed about two shillings' worth of strychnine. As the man rapidly exhibited serious symptons, he was conveyed by the direc tion of Constable Stanley to Dr. Jas. Boyd's surgery, whioh was near at hand. Dr. Boyd was in at tho time, but' it wa9 then too late for his services to be of any avail, as the man expired immediately after his admission into the surgery. The deceased leaves a widow and a large family, and to no cause other than per haps the effects of insobriety can his rash aot be ascribed.. He was at one Jtime in very good circumstances, but of late years has not been very fortunate. 