UNITED .METHODIST FREE CHURH. Anniversary sermons idniione'iion with the ; United Methodist :Free'; Church?i Albert-streetWindseor, were; preachedJ last Sunday-in the morning by the Rev. J.1 Westacott,.and in the evening by..tho:Re?i. E.:I. 'Watkin., . On:Tuesday: eveniug:,theo annual tea meeting washeld. There was a fair attendance, and theo company ap. peered to enjoy themselves miuch. The tea-tables -having been 'cleared' away, ,?t public ,meeting took.place.. A.kymn hay ing beeonsung and the Rev. Mr. Breunind having offered up a prayer, ?the Rev. Mr Dawe, the pastor of the church' intrpduced Mr. J. 'B. 'Crews; who had klindly conaseted to presidd! The chairman dxpresddd his pleasure at being present. He was always ,willing to lend his services on occasions of the'.kind, He was glad to see that thei Christian church had prospered-more' e€~peially' !the Methodist 'chirceh' Tli oblagregatioti ought' to assist in. helping forward thee great work of the church, and; not leave too much to the minister. Every one ehoiild do 'that for which hewas biest qualified-rwhether Sunday school-teaching, Visiting or anything else that might be required to be done. He hoped that this and all Christiat churohes would prosper in thi laridbhath mate;rially' lnd spl~itually. The aeoetary,- Mr. .Cashin, read the l1th ianuuMl' reoort, which showed thati ultlbiigh'-thei past year ihad 'bieerin di' trying one on, account, p.the gret coma mercial. deprsison',"' the,' fseds, of the ichurch had i'rsponde' libereallyswith thtdi 'assistanoee, ...ae were , at ,presentr. 48 chlbi i a mlibe o and eleven.on trial;. Yn the Sabbath 'school there were about 20 teiaoers. rand '136 seiolars on' th i?olli tli average .afte&obno; '-ttendancei .tsing 1Q3? All the classes gered mll fiill? ''and' 'th'e unity: existing .iii'the .lhurch. gave.,,en couragement fo aliundanit success. Mr. Beatty; .th ti;easurer, -readý tlhe ifiil?-cit'i repqrhl from which it appeared that the e penditure for the year aminounted tb'i~169 10.. 8d. Last, year: theb'building: w1h enlarged and several improvements made. He considered hthat 'they liad no cause to be disheartened, having in view the amounti of their assets against liabilities. ',The Rev. . Wea:taoott said, as Christians; 'thby 'i rawevy reason to look up, to Godi hope; t at was the spirit in which they should go r: work' with respect to the church and tie ,nnday school. He did not believe there .wis a woard of tiruth iii, what he had said th.it the. Prdtestant churches vwere disunited. ' [Ie urged; his hearers to show more enthusiasmi in their 'work, and to work for God with'all'theis heart,' and' then they would bed siiuceii. The Revi Mr. Brenuand s~s i there was au amount, oft: power de, ?, energy. in all churches which, if ~esd' in'' mnethodical manner, it was astonishing how much could be elheted, and each one of the.congrega teion shduld do- hbimething! "We 'should show our indebtedness to God bygiving for His cause. He askied hil he rera todb what they could for Christ, and thiy wvould not be forgotten by Himn The Rev. T. I. Watkin said they, as Christians, had no cause for disci?aiemeit, .fort although many peotplo pointedto the wickedness at pregaot oeistng, there was more light aýd Iesa'darlneas iu thlieiorld'thal' there bier had beho. The Christian religion was that ot'the forersoist nations undwr heaved~" ''He believed this (the'MDetlihdit'Fr'bee Chiesh) had doon iidoh gatd:.i' /Rery one ought to 1izamine th. wortd of-God. identifythem selves, withi a chireh,e randil adivance i 4 interests, ,but they shoul4 Iupt bsosse bights. Ilew:however, .hoped' tii' i wiould came when there will be one .Uried Methodist Church in the country. He trusted his hearers would mik'akl ti?si a year of work. 'They must be active with praypr, arid have reliance upon the Holy Ghost for suceess. ,The Rev. ??, Wallace moved-'r votoe of thanks <to the ladies' whd had pre sided at the tea tables, the 'chiiiriiaia and the phlrotr }which was secoonded by.,theBev, 1r.' Dawe, and carried with enthusiasm,. At intervals' during the evening,. several hymnns were sung very nicely by the qboir; Mrs. Beatty presiding at the harmonium, The: 'chdirirmai'read' a ltter from .the'ier, F.: Shaii, "who explained "that' wnliid eiigigeinent proveiited hiii' fri'oiii'tff l the,meating.. The collpotGnio agou., t oMveni! a r1hu ·su l o J oad5 j "Rioterf, B1stereod. n', L. S , aibs; Si.smael 