. THE EFFECTS OF A PRACTICAL JOKE Going the rounds at present is an instructive story which shows how some ladies played n practical joke on a young medical student, and soon- wished that they had not hit on so bril liant a notion. A number of young people were staying in a house together, and having exhausted all the more familiar jokes, they con ceived a novel idea. They would draw with phosphorus, oil the wail of the student's bed room, a skeleton of hideous mien : when he had put out his caudle ,the thing would glitter, lie would shriek, and that would bo whore the laughter would come in. During" the evening upon which the scheme was put into execution they- talked much of ghosts, and casually ob served that of course the old legend about a skeleton iii the house was absurd. It had been said to haunt his room particularly, but no doubt he had no fear of skeletons! He protested that he had not the least, that he should like a skele ton to play with, and only hoped that if it came it would not hurry off again; but these protes tations were not considered worth much, and when bedtime arrived and the student had re tired, the rest of the party followed him; and Waited anxiously at the door. The light was: presently put out ; the skeleton began to gleam, and above his head the student 6nw the legend; written, " Confess your sins." ' Th e'Neie YorJc Times shall tell the rest of the story : — '"He uttered a yell of the , most terrible and, to the young people outside of his door, delightful description. Then the wicked young student began, in a loud tone of voice, his confession. He confessed that on Wednesday night he had kissed Miss Mary Brown in the library; but he urged upon the ghost, as an extraordinary cir cumstance, the fact that the young lady had virtually requested him to do so, and that he did iiot see his way clear to refuse. Then he confessed that lie had promised to marry Miss Carrie Brown, arid that lie . bad broken his promise. Still lie claimed -that he would not have been thus f aithless had he not seen her in affectionate conversation with a young broker whom he named, and had she not subsequently admitted that she had promised to marry that ' addle-pated youth, asshe accurately described him. Also, the student, who is undoubtedly a lineal descendant of Ananias, further confessed that .lie meant no harm when he kissed MisB Kate in the vestibule of the church on Christ mas morning,- and that he would never do so again. By this time the young people outside of the door had fled.. The three young ladies whose names had been mentioned in the medi cal student's confession .wept iiidignaut tears, and protested that the 'wretch' knew that lie was. telling stories; while the other young ladies said they hoped that such was the case, but that lie did seeiri very earnest and sincere in what lie said." The party at breakfast next morning was gloomy, no reference was made to the subject, and no skeletons have since ap peared to tiie young student. — Sporting and Dra matic News. 