Stephenston. . ..'" :•" v r Anril 28. owce .writing ray last we have been blessed with abnndance of rain. A small creek thafepasses here came down more than bank bigh- and the surplus water found its way in ahiongst the houses, but I have not heard Of anyone being swamped ont. , The country is beginning topnt on its mantle of green once more, for grass and wild geranium may be seen springing everywhere. The wheat also that was in before the rain is making its appearance above the ground. . Our farmers are busy putting in ih&r; wheat, with tbe hope that the seed sown will yield an abnndant harvest, which l is badly needed I hear that our blacksmiths are goipg to clear out as soon as they can dispose of their business. I don't think they have any cause to complain on account of the scarcity of work, for they always seem to be pretty busy. , Sometime ago there was a mail service between this place and Quorn, and our mails arrived m due time, but now we have no at all under the Government. Messrs Cottrell and Fyffe who hare charge of the Post Office at Quorn, and have a branch store here bring the mail out twice a week, for the convenience of the settlers in and around; but at no regular time, so that It is not known when the mail is going to arrive or go out again. The sooner an alteration is made tbe better it will be for us. THE Committee of the Royal Agricultural bociety have resolved to offer a prize for an essay on the best mode of packing fruit for export and have determined to ask the agents of the Orient steamships to prepare'*" special compartment in their ships for the reception of shipments of fruit. A NEW GHOST STOEY.—A. correspondent of the Geetong Advertiser is responsible for the following "ghost" story ;_"AS lknow you feel interested in such circumstances, L write, in case you may not have heard it, to tell you of a very remarkable circumstance connected with tbe death, at Hamilton, of the late Archdeacon Innes The archdeacon, as you know, died of diphtheria, and thoHgh perfectly sensible to the last, was nnable to articulate a syllable, and was, thererere compelled to have recourse to writing. This lends additional value to the circumstance which I have to tell you. For some months the archdeacon had been assisted as lay-reader by a young man recently arrived from home named Lisserman, who. though not remarkable either for culture or natural ability, yet endared himself to the archdeacon and all who knew him by his througbgoing earnestness and goodness. After working for a few months he fell a victim to prostrated energy, and died at the parsonage, at Hamilton, a few weeks before the archdeacon. /Just before his death the archdeacon, who, expressed all he bad to say in writing, and'was compos mentis to the last, wrote that going into study one evening after Lisaerman's death he saw him standing at-the stndy table, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Holloa I are yon here?' 'Yes/replied the apparition, 'and where! no warn there will you soon be.' Mr. Innes was not a man of fancies Or Of irapared physique, and when he saw the apparition was in the enjoyment of robust health. These, facts are well known and vouched for." 