AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. [By Augustus Jessopp, D.D., in the A[?] of January 10.] Little store than two months have pasted since my own personal experience of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the oc-<*> currence with which the following narrative deals. Yet already I find that round the original story there haa gathered a surprising in-nmnlfi'in" of tie mythical element, and that I myself in in danger of *^^«™jwg a hero of romance in more senses than one. Am I abject to be looked apon as a. kind ef medium to whom supernatural visitations sire vouch safed, and, as the other band, do not wish1 to be set down as a crazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system renders him abaonnalrr liable to fantastic delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the following paper. lam toM that there are these who' busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and a ft be so it ia better they should hear -the facts from me than «ftev they have passed through other channels. The narrative was written at the request of a friend not amany days after the event, when all the ciream stMfces www fresh in my recollection. On the 10th of October, 1670,1 drove over from Norwich to Manaington Hall to spend the night at hati OiferdV. Though X was in perfect health and high -spirits it is fair to state tint, for some weeks pcevioasly, I had had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain wf one kind oranother. I was as*,-however, oonscioua of anything «pproaehing weari new, -irritibaitT, or "fag." X -aarived at 4 pjn^ and was engaged in pleasant «sd animated e?hvwsitinsi till it was time to dress for rtinanr We dined at 7; our party numbered six persons. Of thesefour at least bad been great travellers.-I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general anddis earfcive,andan?us?dand interested me greatly. Hot foe a afegle mdAeSrt. did it tarn upon the jsauunatmil; it was chiefly concerned with questions .«f art and the experiences of men who aadseena great deal of the world,and could riiYKTifrff intelligently what they had seen and rnmsranfr upon it suggestively. I have very xazeljbMn at* ajace pleasant party. After fw*- «• plajed«rabber. .We "left off as we began," and as two of the goest* bad some dis tasoe to drive we broke up a* half-past 10,' . The main object of my goingpver to Mannfng td sail tn ftaminfi riv* take notes apon some Terrambeatatin Lord OrfordV library which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of &v; some years, feu* bad never feeen fortunate fAn^> ta meat with m to this time. I asked leave to ait «p for some boon and maka tean •arista. fHs lordship at first wished me to let hi« ttV4 Df*"" in attendance to see ail lights putoa^b?ta«thiiw^b«v««nh*rrasaedme and compelled me to .go to bed earlier man I wished, and as it seemed likely that I should be ocoopiad a or 3 in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left t? my ?mi devices, and the servants should be allowed to retujs; By 11 o'clock I m tba only person downstairs, and I was vary soon busily at work and ab eorbedins?yosoupatian, Xnexoom in which I was writing is a large ' one, with a fcuge fireplace and agraad pld chim ney; audit is needless to say that it is for uisaed with erery joomfort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get opona .chair to tetch the volumes X :' wanted to t*""" - There Veee s£x small rohuneainall. Ltook them down and placed tUematmyDghthftJMiinalittle pile, and set to work—sometimes reading, sometimes writing. A* I finished with, a book I^placed it iu trout if me. dare went ffm- «ilirer candlesticks uaee the table,, the candles all burning, and as I am a chilly person, I qmt myself at one earner of the table with the fire at my left, and at iatervaU. as I hsd fiuished ] with # book, I rose, knocked the fire togedier, aad stood up to warm my feet. Icontinuodiu this wiiy at jay task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got op tetter 4ban X expected, and I had ■ otAy oaa more book to occupy me. I rose, .wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of "seltzarwater, and I remember tJiinltwig to myself that I shoald get to bed by 8 after all. I set to work at tta lart little book. l\ bed been engaged upon it about half an hoar, * and wia'SasWwginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, <u/snu«e(aa% writing, I saw a large white hand within afoot -pt my'sSbosr. Turning my head,, there sat a, ggupejof a somewhat large man, wish faia back' to thp"ftre,*beSa|ng shgfatly over the table, and ' appsientirjrOMlfftHW'aie miff of books that I -hSfbeen afr^a* fapoa. -The nan's face'was tamed away from me, botl -sasrbas dossly-cut ceddish-brown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, £te eyebrow, the comer of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheaic bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, close op to the throat, and a narrow rim or edging, ot about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first at tracted my atleutiou, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand. Both hand* were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of tbe right haud were consoicuomi. I remember thinking that the band was like tbe haud of Velaso,ut?«'n inaguificent' Dead Knight' in the National Gallery, t looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly *?r« that he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crpwding upon me, hut not tlio least feeling of alarm,_ or even uneasiness; curiosity aud a strong interest were uppermost, l'or an iustant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right lorajKmcil; then I thought,"1 Upstairs I have a sketeh-book —ihall ,1 fetch it's"' There lie sat, and I was fascinated , afraid. not** his staying, but /*./ he showtil ya. Stopping iu niy jvriting, 1 lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of Iwwka, .aud . moved the j top one. I cannot explain why I di.l tbis—my arm passed iu frout of the figure, au>l j it vanished. ' I was simply disappointed aud nothing more. I went on with uiy writing as if nothing hat] happeui.nl, |>erhaps lor another five minutes, aud I hail actually got to tbe last few words of what I iuui detoruiiued to extrart wheu th? figure appeared again, exactly iu thu gauieplaee aud atlituduas before. Isaw the hands close to my own; I turned my hud a^aip, to j exainiue him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. / wi afraid of tht touttJ of any oicn voice. There he sat, and then sat I. I turuod my head again to my work, and finished writiug the tiro or throe words I ?till had to write. The paper and my notes are at this momeut before mo, and exhibit not the fcllightest tremor or nervousness. I could poiut out the words t was writing wheu the phantom came and when be disappeared. Having fiuished my Ukk, I shut the book aud threw it on the table; it uia.le a slight uoke as it fell —the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for soDie stouds looking at tbe fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wouderiug whether my frieoJ would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my serve. I remember yawning; then 1 cose, lit ay bed-' room candle, took my books into the inner" library, mounted the chair as before, and re placed five of tbe volumes; the sixth itaought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to appear to me. By this time 1 had lost all aense of uneasiness. 2 blew out the four caudle* and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of .the just or the guilty—l know not which—but 1 slept very soundly. This is a simple ami un varnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory^or infej?Enoe I leave to others. 