£ JOTTINGS 3TEQM THE METROPOLIS. "{Eroiri-our own Correspondent,-] Those who doubt that Adelaide is progressing need only observe the extensive alterations and improvements which are daily being made in itB streets, houses, and shops. Turn Where'er, .you may, changes meet the eye, atld taeaspeet. of thing6 is decidedly better than a few yoars ego when there were no public buildings worth the name. "With a new Institute, University, Govern ment offices, Exchange, several Club-houses, and j Banks, the Adelaide of the future will bear no ; mean comparison with cities of older growth, i whilst its commerce and trade must necessarily I increase and extend far and wide. . As a sign of | the healthy aspect of the latter, numerous bush f ness men from the adjacent colonies have recently 1 arrived, and invested capital gained elsewhere in our city, whilst shops closed for months in conse queiite of the rente being too high, are now open,! and nll in /full swing.- .The erection of the mag nificent Bank Of- Adelaide evidently initiated a healthy rivalry among btti<£-banking companies, who were equally desirous to have premises worthy the establishments they represented. I heir Ifee.E. S. & A. C. Bank—which by the way is noWi,carried on in the same tenement formerly used ijy the Bank of Adelaide—is to have new prejinsefi Crecbed;oK~the site it formerly occupied,. the'sBank bf Australasia is being furbished up, and-ere -long King William -street, will be indeed fileBtreetr bf streets in architectural beauty. The Old Exchange has been renovated, and now forms an extensive Auction .Mart,-with a number of exeSUept bffices. Communication1 with all thm subiiAT3^®»iSjway- :As almost complete, -the I sev^al lines ore weft,patronised by the public— and, though occasionally there is far too much /<zm to be pleasant^ it is nevertheless admitted j that our tramcar' system is in no way inferior to I that of cities -in other colonies. After business j hours, or about 5 o'clock p.m. every car is ' crowded with clerks, shop/women, and" laborers, goip'g home from work, inside and outside are cvabimed, usually so milch so that it is a wonder more accidents do not occur—none however sere recoiled —iaiid . the' living freight are safely deposited at their journey's end, with no greater inconvenience than tender toes being trampled on, orpore ribs from the elbows of a neighboring passenger being placed in too close proximity to them. The tramcar system of traveling is evidently in fevor, but it requires some little! improvement, ere perfection is reached, some of the boy conductors have too much of the larrikin look and manners about them to gain confidence or respect. Ladies are too oft-subjected to the mogt1gfo88 insults by these youngsters, who have an unlimited supply of cheek to offer those who ! dispute with, them any point in reference to facts ! and figures, their slangy low language, at intervals j obtains its reward in judiciously administered kicks from gentlemen who have witnessed their conduct, but invariably they escape Unpunished, and laugh at those who have failed to administer such castigation. It must not be inferred that all the Adelaide tramcar boys are the ignorant sayages here represented, but there are a Tew who require to be weeded out, and put into a reforma-! tory for a few years till they learn politeness. Saturday, October 23rd, was a busy day for the Hindmarsh Tramway Company, that being tlie occasion of starting their new venture. His Excellency the Governor, the Directors, and a. large proportion of M.P.'s, J.P.'s, one or two Mayors and Councillors, with other invited. guests, took part "in the inaugural ceremonial. The terminus at the city end is in Hindley- street, which though a narrow thoroughfare is not more 16O than that of Bundle-street in which up. to the present few accidents have occurred, notwith standing the immense traffic. The cost, including working plant of the Hindmarsh tramway, is estimated at over 3514,000, a nice sum truly to j lay out ere a single penny is returned. But this tfact shows the belief which the directors and ; shareholders have in a prospect of its payability, ! and an ultimate return of a handsome character for cash invested. As all the other lines pay well and are clear of debt it is but reasonable to expect in tiihe the Hindmarsh line will prove remunerative to all concerned. The Boothby inquiry is at an tsnd, and most - unsatisfactorily so for Mr. Boothby, who I fear j will not, after the revelations made public, stand a ghost of a chance of ever getting his retiring 5 allowance. Ear better Tor him had he not sought the investigation which recently occurred, rather ! than stand revealed in the eyes of the world as a, dishonorable -man. I am not a believer in running down an individual because everybody else does so, but Mr. Boothby has certainly done that which calls for censure, and "those who take up ' cudgels in his defence will be few. As the highest official in the "Civil Service it WaB bis duty to set such an example to his subordinates that they could not in any way regret the misdemeanors o'f | the head of their department, the Civil Service should be sans pear et reproche, and if irregulari ties such as the ex Under-Secretary has been ! guilty of were lightly passed, it would soon 'fell j into disrepute. The nucleus of a Pine Art Gallery has been made by the expenditure bf £2,000 on pictures some of which are reported to he perfect gems,; and are to be hung in the Institute building now •erecting. They were selected in Melbourne, and thus £2,000 of public money goes to the ] sister colony. Couldn't our colonists in various : localities have supplied pictures sufficiently good, and which might have been value for money r It is ludicrous to witness the astonishment of per sons who-for the-first time in their lives stand before some wonderful master-piece or triumph of J painters skill, nor are their remarks less amusing : •—when pointing beauties or defects. There are j some splendid pictures in the Melbourne Public | Library, and one day I was there admiring them, near me stood an aged couple gazing intently on the portrait of a half-naked female holding a rose in her band—" It's jest like our Sal" was j the old woman's remark, "So'tis!" was her | partner's reply, " but what's the reason she holds that ereturmut in her hand for?" Uncultured fellow! he had mistaken the rose for a turnip. This is critical taste in the 19th century. Josh. Billings says: "If anybody has hard work to please people, it is an editor. If he omits anything he'is lazy. If he speaks of things 1 as they are people are angry. ' If he glosses over i or smooths down the rough points, he is bribed, j If he calls things by -their proper names he is j declared unfit for his position. If he does not furnish his readers with jokes he is' a mullet. If I he does he is a rattle- head, lacking stability. If I he indulges in personalities he is a blackguard., if he does not his paper is dull and insipid." : When . Mr. John Hill Burton, the historio- j grapher of Scotland, visited Ireland, and made ] his first trial of an Irish "outside" car he sen-' tentiously remarked to his fellow-traveler, "Now yon perceive that we have arrived in a country where property is scarce, and- therefore valuable,, but where, human life is redundant, and therefore of no account. Here, you observe, tlrey put the wheels under the seat, and protect them with the legs of passengers." \- Hoba.Cs Gbeelv says:—"The man who pays , more for shop ..rent than for advertisng, doesn't 1 understand his "business." 