Nobelist. MARRIED TO AN ACTRESS. By MRS. E. WINSTANLEY, Authoress of "Twenty Straws," &c.;, &c.; CHAPTER VIII.—(Continued.) "I'm very sorry, Agatha," sniffed Bertha, in great agitation. "Shall I send one of the servants to look after her ?" "I— I really don't know what to do—" "And bid him to just glance at the river here and there as it winds its course through the grounds ?" "Bertha, Bertha, do you really think she's drowned herself ?" Agatha gasped, suffocat- ingly. "I don't know. I feel too confused to decide. One minute I think this way, then that. Why doesn't she come home if she be alive ? She's had no luncheon ; it's waiting for her now, and it's one of her favourite dishes—stewed sweetbreads." "Ring and tell Simon to find his young mistress in the plantation," Miss Elrington said, in a disturbed manner. Bertha lost no time in obeying her sister's bidding, and Simon went, straight off on his errand, whistling carelessly along as he went, and without a thought upon the im- portance of his mission. After staring about him in this quarter and in that, the man cams back to say that "he had not seed naught about t' young missus." "Did yon look into the river Simon ?" suggested Miss Bertha, in an under tone. "River, mum ! Whatever should I look into that for ?" he asked, in astonishment. "Well Simon, Miss Annie might have met with some accident,'' returned Miss Elring- ton. You know how she admires the lilies growing on its banks," she added, with a groan which was instantly echoed by Bertha. "Weel, I dunno, mum, nout about 'un bein' font of lilies and sich loike ; not I. I only knows that I could na' foind her no- where's." "Idiot !" exclaimed Miss Elrington, im- patiently. "Go back again, and search everywhere about the grounds for your young mistress." Simon made no reply, but walked off on his errand. He came to a stump of a tree, and there sitting down, he drew forth his black pipe, lighted it, and smoked quite contentedly. "Whatten be t' use o' runnin' mysel' off my legs wi' huntin' for a greet big lass loike that Miss Annie, who would as soon slap my face as look at me, if she seed me lookin' arter her doin's. Presently, when my pipe's gone out, I shall goo back whoam an' say he couldn't foind her, un' that'll be the truth, seein' as I niver sarched for her nowheres." "The child must have run off to Aver- arde," said Miss Elrington, with a new thought and brighter countenance. "We must send a message at once thither to in- quire after her. I have some hope of find- ing her now." Accordingly, off to Averarde they were preparing to send a mounted messenger, when to their surprise and joy, Annie ap- peared with dejected gait, swollen eyes and haggard looks. She sank into the nearest seat, and hung her head. Her sisters flew towards her and nearly smothered her with their embraces. "Oh ! dear child, where have you been ?" cried Miss Elrington. "We have been so uneasy and unhappy about you." "We were afraid you had fallen into the river and were drowned," added Bertha. "And— but, dear me, your dress is quite damp," she went on, feeling the girl's clothing. "Something of the sort must have happened to you ; you've been en- deavouring to dry yourself—a most imprudent sort of thing on your part. You must un- dress at once, and have some warn gruel and go to bed. It's a mercy we see you alive again, I'm sure ! Why mercy on us, I do believe the child has fainted away ! Agatha, your smelling salts, quick !" she cried, as Annie fell back in her chair, white as a ghost and without sense or motion. In the utmost distress of mind, the two sisters rang a bell for a servant maid, to assist them in carrying the fainting girl up- stairs, where they hurriedly undressed her, and laid her in her bed, on which she lay, cold and white, like one dead. They chafed her chilled hands, they put bottles of hot water to her feet, but all with- out the least effect. They would have to send off for a doctor, they thought. "Let us try to make her swallow a few drops of your excellent cordial," proposed Bertha ; "you know it always does me good." Accordingly, the cordial was produced, and the girl being raised a little, they administered to her a wine- glass half full of it. Presently Annie opened her eyes in a bewildered manner, and stared around her. "I don't understand where I am," she said with a shudder. "Oh ! how cold was the water ! How deep !" "Do you mark that ?" whispered Miss Elrington to Bertha. "Oh, Celandine, brave Celandine, hold me fast ! Don't, don't loose your hold of me ! Don't let the cruel current bear me away from life to eternity !" resumed Annie, wildly clinging to Bertha. "Sir George, you have broken my heart by thus forsaking me. I hear your laugh, your wicked laugh, and my ears are stung, my senses wrung by its harsh sound ! Mercy, Heaven ! Celandine, Celan- dine, I sink, I drown, I die ! Save me, save me, save me !" And, after rolling about the bed in a frantic manner for a few moments, the unhappy girl lay still and utterly ex- hausted. "We had better not question her," Miss Elrington said, aside, to Bertha ; "by doing so we should very likely only excite her the more. I cannot understand the meaning of her words at all. By Celandine she means that person at Averarde, but the rest I am fairly at a loss to comprehend," she added, shaking her head. "It's a mystery," sniffed Bertha, in low accents— "A mystery which I should very much like to have solved." "So should I," returned Agatha. "I'll warrant, could we but get at the bottom of this business, we should find that horrid person there. She is a serpent, a firebrand ; by some means or other she has ruined our child's happiness, and driven her out of her wits ! See her where she lies with working fingers and wandering eyes !" "It's all just as I expected it would be," grumbled Bertha. "She has contaminated our dear child, and brought her to some sort of grief." "Hush, Celandine, hush !" resumed Annie, entreatingly. "Don't say a word to them about me ! Agatha and Bertha would never forgive me ! Celandine, you are my friend. I love you, for you are sensible and good— oh, how good !" "Good ! I'm not of that opinion," ex- claimed Miss Elrington, with a groan. "Neither am I," sniffed Bertha, spasmodi- cally. "She seems to have bewitched the child," resumed Agatha. "Absolutely so ; driven her demented, poor dear." "But only for a time, I trust Agatha. Do you think she has been in the river ? I do, else how came her garments, all of them, so wet ?" "Heaven knows ! But we must not question her on the subject. We must be patient, and let the mystery unravel itself, as I daresay it will do by-and-bye. In the mean- time, we must do all we can in order to recover this child, and bring her back to her normal condition of mind." "Yes, yes, Agatha, I understand ; you are so prudent, so wise. What would that child, or I, possibly do without your guidance, without your sisterly love ? Give me a tiny drop, just a thimbleful, of your delicious cherry cordial, will you, dear ? I feel quite upset with these agitating doings, and can scarcely support myself. You are truly wonderful ; you must have nerves of iron to bear up as you do under the most distressing circumstances. How I envy you ! But we are not all made alike. No, no ; some of us are strong, and others are weak. Well, I am weak— weak as water, goodness help me !'" she concluded, foolishly. "Hush ! she has dropped into a doze !" "The soothing effects of your cherry cordial, dear Agatha Give me a little of it, or I shall die on the spot, dear Bertha !" CHAPTER IX. WE must now proceed to explain matters to the reader ; whom we can no longer leave in the dark. When Annie quitted her home, it was for the purpose of meeting Sir George Stunners, as she had often done before, in the plantation. But on this occasion it was to elope with him, according to a promise he had wrung from her the previous day. She was to leave with him to be married imme- diately in London. Pretending he had some important business calling him away, the baronet took leave of Noel Elrington and his wife ; this morning, allowing himself to be driven to the railway station in one of his host's carriages, where, alighting, and seeing it drive away, he im- mediately entered a fly and drove back in the direction of Elrington plantation. He leant back in the vehicle with his travelling cap drawn far over his eyes, and with a pocket- handkerchief held close to his face, in order that he might not be recognised should he be met by any one of the servants belonging to Averarde. But there had been a certain something in the manner of Sir George Stunners when he parted from her husband and herself that had aroused a suspicion in the mind of Celandine that he was bent on some sort of dishonourable enterprise likely to disturb the domestic peace of her husband, and of the family circle at Elrington House. She said not a word to anyone, but, hastily equipping herself in walking costume, secretly stole out of the house, and hurriedly sought the nearest road to Elrington. She under- stood nothing at all of what she was about to do ; she only believed that she was about to avert some wicked mischief ; and, so im- pressed, she hurried onwards until she nearly reached a stile, over which she beheld a man spring with elasticity. That man was Sir George Stunners. He had not observed her. He disappeared through the trees, but Celandine was behind him on his track, silently pressing along. At length, a feminine voice was heard, and Celandine saw Annie burst from a leafy covert, dash forward and rush into the open arms of the baronet, whilst Celandine crouched behind some bushes near enough to see and hear all that passed. "My darling girl, I was almost afraid you would fail heart, and so disappoint me !" the baronet cried, enfolding Annie close to his breast. "You will not deceive me, George ; to- morrow you will take me to church and put the wedding ring upon my finger ?" "I will, Annie dear ; I swear to you I will,'' he returned, with earnestness. "Then I wall trust you, George ; though why you could not have confided in Noel, or sought my two elder sisters, and so spared me the commission of an act of deceit such as I blush to think of even, I cannot imagine—" "My darling girl, have I not told you over and over again that your brother, his mind prejudiced by his wife, has taken a great aversion to me ? Then, pardon me for what I am about to add. Your two sisters are, as you tell me already against me. I am beset on all sides by opposition, so I deem it best, to carry you off as I have arranged, and marry you to- morrow morning up in London. You must not trouble me any further on this point ; you really must not, dear. I do not like to act deceitfully any more than you do, but there are times in one's life when one cannot altogether act exactly as one could wish to do. You understand me, love ?" "No, not quite," she answered, frankly. "I wish I could do so. I should feel so much happier if we were—" "Hush, little sermoniser !" he interrupted, playfully. "Now, you really must be good, and trust me without farther questioning. Now, promise me that you will tease me no more on this subject." "I promise— I promise you," she replied. He glanced at his watch before he spoke again. We have no time to lose," he observed, hastily. "I have a fly waiting for us at the corner of the road. We ought to be at the station in less than a quarter of an hour hence." "I am ready, George," Annie said, tear- fully, and looking confidingly into the eyes of her companion as she spoke. "Then let us away at once," the baronet said, drawing Annie's arm through his, and making an advancing step. But only one made he before he uttered an exclamation, and stood like one suddenly paralysed with terror. Mrs. Elrington was standing in front of the pair, her fine figure drawn erect, her handsome features wearing an expression of decision. Annie clung to the baronet's arm in alarm and shame, and hid her face upon his shoulder. (To be continued.) A DEADLY FEUD. A TALE FROM FRANCE At 65 M. Isidore Tisson, Professor of History at the University of Montpellier, had still one great passion and one dear friend. He was a collector of rare books, and loved to be called a bibliophile. His friend's name was Colonel Casimir Coste. M. Tisson had been a widower thirty years. His two daughters— who, after their mother's death, had been educated by an old aunt of a very religious turn of mind—were both married. One of them was settled at Nimes, the other at Lanel. They were highly proper and highly respected ladies, who punctually per- formed all their duties without a murmur and without any pleasure." They paid their father frequent but short and formal visits, and never stopped a night in Montpellier, so that they in no way interfered with the quiet routine of the Professor's life. Colonel Coste was a bachelor. Isidore Tisson and Casimr Coste, whose parents had been next-door neighbours, had begun to play together when they were only five years old. They had been to the same school and had parted for the first time then G o B t e ^ ® ^ ^ ^ : St. Gyr TEey-did aStmeetagamfor v yeats, and by that tone they hail com 5 pleteIy4'orgottBn:eacTi:other.:'-;DoiiBgtH5B long interval M. Tisson had published: several learned iwprks.-aud had obtained the chair of Professor of History in IIB native •town. CoEte had-ifought the -BedouiiiB in : Algena,»ana L the Stissmiis; at SebBBtbb 61; aud had ieen-obliged to retire frdm active servicem-fsonBequence of severe wound' received at the Btormmg til Sort'MalakoiF. He was a loentenanMJolonel and an officer of the legion of Honour On leanngthe hospital, "the lonely,; weary man :retnmedto his native town, which he had not visited sinee the days of his youth. But he had often felt a: strange longing te spend there -in quiet the evenmg «t ius restless Mej and now he hoped to do so Tie found MoatpeUier hut little altered during, the long years of his absenoe, and: soon recognised in one of tB narrow streets the very house in which his parents had lived, and where ie was born. It so chanced thatra Email apartment was -to let there. He hired it;f urmshed it simply, and estahhshed himself thfere at once Behind the house was a large garden^ and the Colonel, as a iavonred tenant,: obtained permission of the landlord to walk m it when he chose. One evening in September, as Coste was passing up and down the gravel walk in the garden, smoking hiB short pipe and thinking, of Africa, .the Crimea,' and friends that were dead, or lost; he ; heard- himself, called in a faeluon that startled iim— \:-°J " Casimir ' Casimir 1' ,:.. For nearly,; forty, years no one .had called' him by that name. HIB BUpenorB and hi£ soldiers during-that 'time had addrssaed him successively. .as. lieutenant,^Captain,- Major, and Colonel, his brother officers; as Coste. He had lost bis father and mother inany.:years; ago, ; and ; had never had any brothers or siBtera. He might well nigh, have forgotten that he had a Christian name, and now someone was calling him by it! * "Gatimirl Casimir!" He turned round and saw at a window of the first floorof the house next to his own a njlddlBraged ,vgentleman, swho was Smiling; aud^npddmg to lim .jn^ the moBt friendly manner. For a moment the Colonel re- : mamed motionless. Then with an oath, winch waB MB habit to : utter whenever he; wanted to express 3oy, anger, astonishment or, in short j any sudden; emotion, he called out in return. "Isidore'} IBjtposBible?' A lew minutes later the Professor was in the garden with hii friend He told fair, he -had returned that very morning from a trip whioh he had taken during the vacation, and tad oiily jaat learned ihat a Colonel Ceste,. a: native of Moptpellier, iiad come to live next door. " I at onoe thought it muBt be you, and would have called upon #au to asoertain^if my conjecture wss correct, but I saw yon in the garden and recognised yen at once. 5bu are not a hit altered." The Colonel upon this laughed so loudly that4he sparrows:m..the trees flew awfty :in-i 4 aflnght. 1 Well," he said, »I think that's just a little exaggeration When I aecom pamed you to the diligence thatjtook -you to Toulouse you :were a Sandsome, slender lad/ with a. soft dewn on your upper hp and ai proluBion'o! dark curly locks Nowyou can .bpaet-of * very reapeotable cucumlerenoe, andjonr.dark hair has turned grey. 1 was then a mere boy, with bnght eyes sound teeth, aotive legB, and a magmfioent head ot hair which I used to parrsDmetimes pn thp Hght, someiimes on the kit side, not "being sure jrludi .^^M'-iaD8t:teonidi^.vifrifir t- reqnire speotacleB to reafl, I'mimch- like a rabbit, ^because X havejoBt my hack teeth, ; I riralk lame,' beoanBB >the- Russians : : Bent a" bnHetmtomynghtleg.Bndlharesoiittle hair left ttat the natural-parting of^tieabhep ' nearly-from one ear to another. Frankly, I cannot think I am very much jjlike the •Casimir you knew." " Still I recognised you at onoe. I woultl riiavecknowniyou^mongthonsandsyand'wbBia have said: ' That's my oia friend and school-; fellow, sCasimirtloBte f WelH and did J., I should like to know, hesitate as tojyour name t" Then the two old gentlemen shook hands for the twentieth time, and laughed, while: their eyes grew jmoist Both talked at ihp same iime, so that .neither understood -what the-other w s saying, nntU-ai last they came to regular questioning ' Are yon mamed f!' " iaoi and.you " , ^ 'J have beeiiA ^radowar many years." "Children?' "Two mamed daughters." '' Here, in Mbntpelher-f" , | "No, onejat liunel -and one at Nimeg. Axe you going to hve on ilontpelher f" " Of xjourse '• and] ou3" ~ a 'I am ProfeBBor at -the University -But, oome; ^t-SB getting gold i. Baecal, my old, housekeeper, ahall^vte ns some supper Me will drink a bottle of rate TOE and have % good ehat'togBther." The Cplonel made aio objection, and-lhe two Jriepds sat^together till a late hour m the. Prolesser'-s snug diawmg-ioom, telling each other^hessunple atones of their Jives, «They; -met again next day, and the Colonel'dined at itheiProfesBor's. On taking leave, he invited] histoid Jnend to be hu%uestHhe next)d»y»t -the table tfhote, inhere he mat la the tegula habit,taking his mealj?.- * ' " I ha e .never kept house," -the -Colonel! «aid, "and 1 am too old to begin now 'Rhirever I haie been stationed OIL tuhh d'ictei»B,heen mytable I tope you wflh € dwewithike'ftere to-jnorxofi" *>' , But M *-tisson ibjeeted. <'^dine together,herald, "'h^auee we f 5ike'5ne 6 another'-s -company,-ancl not t hei»'UBe''^w^ want-to -do «a pdhte thing. I fcavirm Jahcy lor r stanrantslana hotels '®iere teUjyou.fe .'triit^l'aBpal haa^poiled-me^ ^am ^uBiprafaio h^op^ing^aiotieU »ia e dpe8,jiotjagree wiihjme. JUeasamfhdraw^yojoi, an^tation. rffle ^o-hot/ataad -on-cerempny. Djnp^we^mJio-mprrow and thf dAy after—fivarj day ,jJOu cannot me a graatei »v ** 5Che Colonel consentjl^to dine with his jfnendthe next day. Two weeks went "by. ^he friends spentseveral tours together every- day, and "the bacheloriiad dined, maybe, a dozen -fames -at the widower's house, when one ^ay after dinner—old Easea! iaving left "the ; room after serving ICOBbb—Coste lit hfi; pipe, cleared his 'throaty and made the ! .following Bpeeo^. &r; -whieh he hs^ beeu preparing iumeeJi for the last week. "This is all very -fine, Isidore hut things cannot go lon in this way." " What do you mean ?' "I have never lived better in my life taan I do now -with you, yet I do not like' my board." ""Why not J" • '.'-When I -waealjieutenant Insed topay sixty francs a month Jor my dinner ; when; I became Captain, it coat me eighty francs ; since T haireiiteen-aMajor, Thave always? reserved,a-huridred and fifty IranCsior that purpose I must sbek to these old habits: •to be comfortable, andt£ you cannot frhmfr or"some way in which X can spend my! money-and havejeur jcompany J mustgLve lessfefefesib Inot JspeaSng like ^ f ehsible iiianS'' " But X have been tkmKng that T woultf be very sorry not to see your f ami! ar face' opposite me at dinner and, somehow, I ! fancy that you too would miss me " * c Ton oan take your oa-Ouof tiiat" ? And therefore I wanttto make arational ! proposal to yon " There was a long pause The Colonel cleared ins throat again "Wall, go on," said the Professor, gently " I See what yon are drivulg at m that clever way, but let me tell you I consider yonr proposal childish —be angry if you like—positively childish." " Childish or not, I stick to it. And if you care as mnohfor me as I do for you, if you , a?e not afraid of jiavjng. too muoh of me, you W3ll aooept it." The Professor resisted for_some fame He tried hard to persuade the Colonel to continue to be his guest but the old soldier would: not yield, so the Professor had to ave up. " Xou were very obstinate, and Self-willed,'-'; he said, " whereas £ was always ihe gooii^: natured and sensible one of ns two. let it' he as you wish; henoeforward you shall pay - for your board " But this did not settle the question, Corte proposed to pay too much—Tisson asked for too little At last the agreed that Pascal,, whp or thirty years had been he Proressor's housekeeper, should Bot .as -arbiStator. She was what is called jn 3? ance a maitresse femmc,:and had a clear, sensible answer ready for any, question that might he .put to her ;' so, after a Bhort conference vrath- her it was settled thatJH Tisson wotfld not be a loser' if the Oplonnl^Gntribated 120 francB a month, ffhus, this long discussion -came! at last to ah end JT om that day a new ana brighter day : began for the • two 1 lonely.--old men, which' made'them forget their age,; and which continued \- without inierrupbon -for many years; iTheProfessor.thad^httle: to.do|:the Coloner nothing ^at all They spent many hours together every day^, they walked arm in armup and down ihe "Perou ' and the "Esplanade"—the two pnncipal promenades of Montpelher: they sat together In the I'ro-' lessor's hbrary; or they went out togetbor on the " Links/' bemg passionately jnter-i ested m an mtBrmmahle game of " golf," a pastime whioh is almost aB muphm honoui 1 at Montpelher, and at MontpHlier alone of: all French towns, as at St Andrews in Soot land Their evenings were spen* afJAhe clubj where they found their regular whist ; ,pa»ty.; ,They,; .became daily more 'and more dependent on each other, as happens with old people from Whom the lest of the woild is gradually withdrawing,: who love few people,-and ate loved by few, and whose interests centres in a narrow circle. Veiy soon they became indispenslble to each -other. • Tissonliecame uneasy if Gpste' was five minutes late for dinner, end the Colonel had evejy m mmg a confiSentifll talk with Paacaline to inquire if the 'fmaster?' hadpaesea a good night, if his cough had been troublesome, .and if ha?had enjoyed hfo jbreaiSast.::.He wasa,regular attendantat the: ProtesBor's lectures. His venerable head, his attentive,- earnest;, mild . countenance, soon became inown to, the whole university. .Xhe young.studentr took a liking to the quiet old gpntleman, and made j:oom for Vn^i respectfully.when hB.ventBred the leqture-ioom. And he geeeted them kindly: " Good mom-i Ing, gentlemen " When the lecture, was over, • the - C(3.onel«likea;ito;have a talk with .the: Professor-rrof ten . asking 'for explanation.. of some obscure-point. The ProfeBsor would oifer.itwithapIeaBant:smilB,aadwithanair of innocent, gentle pnde Now and then the* Golonel,would -quojie some Latin sentence, in : oraeri0Sh0W;:l;hat;Jie,it00i;ifaB:ii0t defiwent: in classical knowledge i " Alta 3aeta est," » Dulce ett pro yiatna mon" " Is vino .jjmtas,'land.other.sayuigB. of that.sort: , :On-; tBuoh occasions ilie learned Professor; was; wont.tolook alittle.embarrassedi ihonghhe; smiled approsnngly. and he. would-change the' conversation.- Bnt.when the old soldier,spoked of his campaigns, the Professor, in Ins turn, would Jisten for hpurs, and. put encouraging• questisnBjBo.aB.to.m^poetlifint2rator'to; continue his story, ^ i 'The fnendship of these two old gentle-: men had become proverbial. The Professor's .daughters were perhaps the only hangs who did not loot npon it favourably. 1 They complained of, -the .fearful,; profanjty; of the Colpnel'a speech, and of his ;ppiBgning,. the whole house with. thatjiomble shprirpipe of iis, which ihe^smokedindiscriminately in every room _in the house : " But Jiapa approves o£ everything the[ -Colonel dpes/' they ssaid "iet us hope"' that lie will have no cause to repent some: -day"' . i 4 Thip^ejn^rk was not quite correct, howevgri¥3%eir-,.father.wasjlarlxomiS.pproving entirely the ."view ajid the mode ol Jus friend. iEhe Profe Eor iswaa an «axnestc..Cathohc.!^n^jike-;(moet^members: i.ofi4;he«ppBKdassesm.the;Bouth43&?siaunchv iegifemiEt. CDBte* orL iie other vhand, iposaessea-saaimexhauBtable.stocfcsofiiJrather. (ScandalouBStorieByin- whleh'prieetSjimoiikB/ and nuns, were not always' mentioned with the Tespect that TiSBon -thought due, $0 ihpm In pohtics hje yras a liberal, ^inclining ^toward Bepnblicamsm Tisson ^Wflpld spmetimes cafl-^Coste " Chawas," jani^ theColonel would jetorthy^'Polignac ' Their discussions, which were long and JEreclsent, Trere generally •brought to a r doBe by one of tiaem reminding the-oiher jthatiiho time for a rubber or a -game oT cfI. ^olf 'was -come Then the excited conn .n. tenancesfof his opponent would .at once Wume a calm expression, =both would jtftkei their -hats -and stifeks/ and walk the MiluV or to the "Ifaks^ cha'ttmg cheerfully by the way, aa'Af -nothing ^had «ver3distnrbedithe perfectiaimonyof their: jntexcoTHae v — « f | , -tThertterrible. yeei—Vannee Hemble— pi 1870--7I' put •an end to tihese- ldiBousBiorts. "between, the «tw "inenaS. r Both v -were4ruei gpitnots ahd-:an"iheir griefaor France ^eyl forgotiuaifferences of opinion. BdthTolataed %theEmperor-ana the EDtereBr-the-MintttefBV jmd4the ^neralB'-mttiWe^sBme". imphoit tfOonfldence>a31 the -stonei s »h36h^ere*-'toiafo the heroism T of the Prensh solduri and-the barbarity ol ihe Germani. "^They-felt'the ^ W M indiguUon tgwndi-Bnuik, «U'ch did not hide its sympathy lor the enemy, the' same disdain of the English, "-thai nation of .shopkeepers,' whoiadfcrgotten Sevastopol; the same contempt for those " nngratefnl" Italians, who abandoned their old ally in her diEtre s, and ^hey shed tears together when the news of Sedan reaohed Montpelhe . About ihis time apecuharima of feverish, > nervous excitement had taken -possession of the whole JPrenoh nation. 6nr two fnends did not escape the contagion. The cheerful equanimity Tof former years was gone They ne^er touched a card, ana aust gathered on their goll clubs and balls Tying unheeded in the hall They eaa the papers with passion ate eagemeBs, they made strategical plans/ ana diseussea-theiB as earnestly as if tomes: had been at -their command; they hoped against hope, they believed that the fortune of war wonld take another turn; they never despaired, lor it seemed -to them mmply impossible thatFrance,"their>prdua, mighty, beautiful countiy,- cotfld suocumb 'ih a war with.an other nation—and they felt almost crushea when the dreadful truth at last dawned upon them, when they knew-ihat ine power of France was broken", and they saw her-ihtunbled^o the Suet^t ihe meroy-of the COHIO and Ti<-son spent 'dcy after day together, silent and mournful, -feeling that their common .sorrow had; drawn theni eyen more closely together than the jieaceful happiness of former years. But a , in spite of their advances age, the had preserved a good deal :of that-Uvelmesa fcnd elasbcity. of. mmd wMoh characterises the inhabitants, of: Southern France, they shook off, after a ,time, -that: dull, oppressive sense of .'gloom/ Nervous irritability and great bitterness offeelmg -remained, • however; . : ana - showed tbemselves in frequent and violent explosions : of anger against the euppoEcd authors of the great national misfortune Then the papers brought the news that a revolution had broken on£ in Paris, and that the Commumets had BBized the". reins of government. Al first the two friends heard ^hese ieports almost with indifEereuoe.- The .wounds inflicted by the foreign foe were still so fresh that they wore unable, ao to speak, to feel any new pain.. But soon the civil war compelled their attention. It became, the" principal theme of conversation- The interests in the struggle for the possession of Pans, where Frenchmen fought Frenchmen, soon absorbed every feBlihg. It was on the .drd of June, 1871 The day haa.;been hot and; sultry., Bark thunderclouds had gathered; ,and threatenea a storm at,every moment. :The air was heavy-;.-'. < _:!EhB PrpSeBsor-was paeuig .up and down the ajnmit-roomanan agitsteu mapner,. waiting for .the Colonel to sit down to dinner . At last ..Coste arrived half an hour. after the usual time. He held aoma half-opened crumpled newspapers in Jus hand, and, on' entermg, . .threw them- oh the table- He looked pale and disturbed. £ "Ihave waited for the papers from Paris,' he said; "tead—it is horrible, incredible ; Tisson topk up: the papers/ana looked at their opntents., Pascal,hadserved the eoup ;: : : the; steaming plates stood before the,two-old men, but neither thought of. touching them; 5ie papers reportea the horrorB committed by the Communists, the destruction of the* Ttuleries, tho Hotel de Ville, the Ministry of finance; >ihe Cour dee Coinptes, etc. They: Telated ihp massacre of the hostages, the •furious fighting in the streets, and, lasflv. the" slaughter among the "enemies of society," by. the avenging Versailles troops; : Tisson looked up and said, with a long-" drawn breath-of'relief,-" GedhB praised ' The good oauso has triumphed 1" "It might well have triumphed with more humanity,'' retorted Xlo'Ste; sullenly- .VI hope you are not going to defeM the! Commune ?" continued "i'isson, m aa almost threatening tone "No," rephed Coste, turning pale, and speaking in a tremulous voice, " I am not going to do that. But I do think the troops might have .shown less bloodthirsty cruelty, Fifty thousand' Think, Tisson, what that means. FUty thousand human lives have been sacrificed 1 Fifty thousand' It is. dreadful' 'i'hey have shown no mercy to women or children, they have been tilling .as if they wero destroying wild beasts !" : " They have i donp right 1" cried Tisson. " Brave men .whohave fought agamstwild beasts—a; murderous, infamous crew, ihe soma of humanity, robbers, murderers, incendiaries " "Tisson, Tifeson, think of what you are. saying 1 Ton are speaking of Frenchmen, pf our countrymen, our brothers." i ,','Tour brothers, if ,iyou please^-not minejithank Goa I I have nothing m common with" thieves and murderers " "Nor have I" " "yoahave-^ainoeyouaaratoaefendthem-." " Dare 1 Ton must be out of your senses,' Sissrta, to speak to me m this way.' "No, I am perfe'otly in my senses, and I tell ypu calmlyand:,aeliber"ately that it-iflia, ehanae—a bnrnmg eh^me—that you should, dare to say a wora in defence of ihe Com-' taune—yes, . you -ought , to be ashamed ofi yourself!" " Beoall that "word, TIBBOUI recall it, cn by : " Ton ought to be ashamed, I say. Shame 1 shame!" The Colonel rose, _pale as death, with flaming e es. He struck the table with hisiohnched fist,;so 1 thit rthe plates: and glasses :rattled,;and-he swore with a fearful oath that he wouia never-eit down at the table 6r put his foot in that house again until Tisson heggea his pardonand retracted what he iaa said. : "And 1 declare,"rephed ihe Professor, who of « suddgn hpa become strangely oalm, : SgtjfasaspalS.andstremjhlingSBiis .wretched: old friend. "X declare,6w thout the use of anyblagphembus^anguage that the wordsyou' require pie to say ^hall never pass my lips."' Then the Colonel went -io*he aoor, took: his hat- nd stjefc flop in 0 moment, without; anoltor wprd or lookj was gone. Tisson heard his fieavy, halting step upon the stair. T!he house door was opeped and shnt again;' then^ll was stiU-the stillness of death. For three whole^ays the Colonel and the'.- Professor lived on their passionate wrath. Then "their anger copied, «nfl hoth bBgan to ""understand what thBy "Had lost. The isolation eonsBquent jjpon their estrangement became Unbearable. Coste dared not leave hiE rooms,Jor fear of meetmg his old friena ,5 the Proje'saor crept stealthily -out of>iB house when obliged tp go^o 3HB lecture, and the two ^ild hearts IpngijjlJor jreooneiliation. Yet it ionld jipt be /They,tho,ught over and over again that parlipg sjjene, ahi rememhgred ejiiy word and-eveiy iopk. '^Heilionia not haye insulted iae4at;hiB PJTU feble, "nhiB own'honBe," saiS the Colo hel, ana h"e ielt^hatlie conldlot, inionour, brjaakthe oa^h^ie had sworn He_was entirely m the wrong," thougS the Profes 01 *' How could he defend the xgrBajteat rasoals^and criminals the* „world iaa -ever 'Been?" , And 'he -rer, .memhgred «mth"a ! shudder that -he «olemnly^aypwedffinemr.;-to«pronounceiti£e/ woidb which alone could induce tjae C 1 nel to^eturn to4ihe house asa^friend. , One ^morning old Pascal came to 1 ihe Colonel. "What lme jou done to-my mastei, sir?" she a Led, with teats in her eyes;? -"-He SSoes 5 hot eat, *he -doea :-hot sleep. Ho 'sits aU'dav'long mhie^tudy f. without opening a look-or writing a line ?He WiUJ^ee SiohodyiiB'-Bpeaks-to -aohojay^ doab® totem***' g The Colonel had .always treated the faithful old servant with kind familiarity, and he was quite ready to discuss ihe - matter with her. ""Ton see, Pascal," he said in conclusion, "X have .sworn upon my honour .never to re enter hu house: until jie has acknowledged ^himself in the •WTong-^andi tcannot 1 break my . word." "it is a wicked thing tp take an oathwhen m anger,-igaiaAheold-,-woman. " AakTSUr Vicar, sir; ask the Bishop himBelf. They wilLielease you from yonr vow." " I have given my -word. -No human being can help that i must keep it." Tea™ .^tooa.m:,th9-]dim;eyes"of&e;'-soldier. & looked . miserably; sad; but he spbke'withSBo much i-jdatfiimuiation ttat Pasiai-felt she mHst igyemp all hope -of-.reconciling the -two -fnenaB. Soon after ithis ihBP/ofeaBor'fl daughters came to pay Jheir customary visit to their father. , Pascal tola them what h&a; happened. They disliked the .Colonel, whose manners they consiaeired coarse; and ihey merely:observea that no deubt their lather Hpnld sponifina.thatthB jogs he deploredhow, was, in fact,-again They were about to say asjmuohstoiaeir.fatherj- but«he Sfopped*hBi «nt hpuse. . ,For,a,Jwhole month jihere w»B noichangetih .relations jbetween .,Tisson. and -Coste. Their quarrel.haa become thessubjeot of talk in ali;Montpellier,tbut IIP Otte.felt inclined ! tp play the patt of peaoemaker.between the two old men.,- - ,-„- . Al the end of that tune the Professor wen away on his usual holiday trip. For the Jast ten-years . Coste. had.been his companion on these occasions. ; They had visited together Saris, the, Pyrengss,:Auvergue, and Switzerland. rrhey h.ad enjoyed themselves everywhere.-, But.now the Professor started-alone, He jthonght of goiag^first to Paris—and theh' He. had not settled . where.. He wanted" to leave Montpelher. He could not bear to. remain there any longer. The Colonel stood at the window, hidden by.the .curtain,,when .the cab stopped at his; neighbour's door.. He felt a heavy ioad on; rhip .johest, and hiB: eyes hurnei in- their; BocketS iWhen he saw the -profeasor leave the house with a heavy step and enter -the ; carriage. When it .had dnven off, Coste hid -his Iaoe.1nl11s.ppnyhands and wept bitterly; but, he expenenoed a .sort of relief m the .thought thatTisson was no longer in-his immediate neighbourhood. He .walked up and 4own his.garden sadly and thoughtfully, feeling himseU.free,and unobserved:, "A-told of peace stpie oyer him.; and one day,;when he got:up in the .morning, -he wrote theiollowing letter — , DEAB Tissojr,—I nave made up mv mind' to leave Montpellier ana to return to Algiers, where .my. -.old ..regiment is stationed, and where•Ihajre :a ,few_.comrades Jwho:wai be company iot:me., They cannot make up for. what I have lost i but,: at any: .rate, I shall not . 'feel < as-utterly lgnely, as I do : : here. Before I leave; never to return, ,1 would lika to meet you onoe more as in the good old . Janes.?! I therefore,beg you,will write to me, on -reoeijjt of this, to appoint a place ol meeting m Pans. We will, as in by;gone da s, ;have a.«trojl through the big town, we will dme,:tpgether-mrthe evening, tand then hid each other ^' good-night." as -we have done for-the last,ten years. -, Oa:the- mo£ioVl will; Jeaver-Pans. You will -then-be able to think of me as of ran absent friend from whom you iave parted -in peace:.and good will. -My sMiger iaBtedi.hut a .few flays; Sinoe I have bepome flPol and colleotea. I feel the Bame pWifaendBhipforyou-which Ishall everfeel; eyen: if : ypu jrejeot my. proposal., Believe, .me,idear-'j&sson;, your: faithful friend. ' • -•:-;• : .,:-.: f!»er»rm Cpsxs. . .;01dPascal gave himiher master's address: The. Professor was staying at;aismall-hotel in Ahe line de Helder. The landlord-was from Montpelher; and,Coste and TissohAad IbdgedlhBre.on several ocoaBions.'- • 3!ne:Seoend:day.aftBr:1ihe despatch of. this letleciithe iColonel leceived one from ParisiHe ;at; onoe- recognised the "writing of-.'his fnend, and. tore open the envaiope with a trembling hanu. Tne lettBr consisted of a ;few:hurried and almost illegible lines t. -.- I.hayfl-Bwornnever topronouncethB words .whicheyou. require rbefore <;• re-entering- my house-but ;t:mBy> tell-you how hard it has been .for me ..to keep 'my. vow.' Forgive me •he pain my anger hascaaseayon. 1, too, have suffered-muchi- and t xemam, till we are partBd by death, your laithfulslnend;' IsmoBE TISSON The letter fell from 4he Colonel's hahds,; ana all seemed-dark for ja* moment.; When ihe had'reoovered a little 'he went- to 'Pascal:; She had received no tichngs of her master. Coste then telegraphedJ'tothe- lafidlord lc PariB heggmg -so beinformea of the health' of the Professor. In a lew hoars the attswer oarnB jbaok—PiofeBsot-TiaBon had'-died sud- 1 -denly. .He had; been found dead 1 jn his 'bed on the mprning of the preoeding day; ! The luneral was to -take iplacfi on-the morrow.- The daughters of 'the "Professor -had-been'- cpmmumcated with. \- -^Coste.started that same evening for Pans,' and arrived there: a few' hours^after' , -the : funeral; ; He saw the daughters ;and'-son- mlaw. of ine friend at the hotel. ; They were in deep mournihg; > .but 'appeared , 'to ! bear-their"' loBSiiWith- great'equanimity. They ssemed stuprisedat the Colonels troubled count en-- ancswhenhe entered their room unannounoed'i in his dusty r travelling, dress, jmd they' answered his inquiries bnefly and precisely;' Their,father had'had a stroke. He had gone to bed in his UBUB! health at 10 o'clock, ahd ; had been found-dead the next mommg. The 5 Sootor thought lie must have died about 11 1 At sn.v rase, .heHhadibeenvdead some hourswhen found; and he had died, they hoped, without j>am. Coste went next mornmgto visit the grave On bia retBrn .to the hotelhe was jnformea that "'the iojmly from the South" had left' Pans alter ordering a "pretty" tombstone jto; be placed on the Professor's grave. The landlerd, M" Douoet, a great tslker, .who had known. Cpste. for many years, and' was particularly fond-of having a chat wdh him under: ordinary .csrcnmstiaioes; became' unusually silent and . .reseryea,: when the® Colonel,psked him for .theiparticulars .of his; fnend's-^eath. He;waBevidently concealing the truth, and Coste determined to find it' oat. He bribed the waiter, who at first held ' hack; but tthen the .Colonel promised faith-, fully not to betray him, the man related is a- inervousi frightened. .manner all he.knew^ M. Tisson had arrived five days ago He went out little, dined alone m his own room and spoke to no one in the house On Er day rmorningJie:.wro|eseveral:lfcttern,whiohhe posted himself. Abpat 10 0 clock he ordered some:.tea;!«nd,stold^he ;waiier;he was goingto bed, adding that he did not wish to tie'; diHturbed before the ne?t morning ' " When I knocked on his> door ton Satur day morning at sine, to give him a letier . that had arrived from ttbntpelksr.lxeceiysed', «b a'DBwer. and finding ihe door was locked. onjthe inside I teoame alarmed. X sailed- M. Douoet,brho sent at once for the Police, andan presence of the Commissaire' the door waS'Opened. M Douoet, the' OomnSa-; tsaire7 andiaidootor-who had some with hi^n,; were the -only "people 'who -went Into ike io6m.^SIyM»Bter^old-me to stand si the] door, ana -not^p letanyonego in IhacCto : srait-filong-iime. ^ When those three came outof the- room, M^Douoet was «s1psle«s « ghBst^ Se iotok me^asiai^indsaid: < I trait -thatyou.anaia ssrvant the hones, ^ill; noti^.„,€t^pnid!^mage'therepulationof: the hotel, 1 1 ground to to tdwl, ^d to this teoment l have. not opened-my li about it to a :single.: soul, nor will I do , againi ; But you-were an -ola-fnend of M. Tissou and ought to know the . truth. A little later the doctor returned with an assistant. They locked themselves into-'the room where - the .dead body - was lying, and remained there about an honr. Late - at . night,, so aa not to alarm: the other visitors, fhe; cpffin was brought quietly into the house. . The next morning M. Tisson's relations arnved. They asked to see the body. and I followed them .lHto the little -drawing-room where it was laid out. - The. features of the :dead man were not distorted; they were yellow as was. Bound the neck was placed a -broad white cravat, which reached- up almost to tho ears; I/ifelt a cold shudder when I Baw it I • told M. Douoet, in a whisper, that it looked very horrible. He made me sign jto;.be silent,,and.-seemeS. very-agitated. Jffis my opinion, air, that M. Tisson laid : violent hands npon himself—'•' . ..Coate turned deadly. pale, istaggered back, and sank, into a chair. The.-waiter sprinkled some cold iwater on his faoe and gave :him something :to - drink..- ;When he entreated him onoe more not to betray himy.-and. then quietly left the room. - ; -A jew days later; Colonel Coste returned ito Montpellier, bnt : only to superintend the removai of tiis simple furniture •and belongings to Pans, where he settled in . a : remote part of the town at no great distance ftom the. cemetery where Tisson was burled. He lived there for a jear m.sadnees and solitude. Thenhia health began to fail, and at she end ofja few weeks he was confined < to his bed. The doctor advised him te take a Sister of Cbanty as a siok nurse, as he had no relation or friend to take care of him. Coste assented to eyerytlung. The nurse came and performed h6r duties oarefully. She was.a strong young woman, with a smooth, calm, face, fair, with roEv cheeks—a face -that looked as if it belonged to one pure m.hoay and mind. She nursed the lonely, helpless old man carefully, unwearyingly, without anxiety and without hope, as she aad nursed for years other sick snd dying people. •' He. is getting weaker .and weaker," she said one, day to the doctor. ''He does not know me now." The Colonel flay-on his ,bed, with !half- ' closed eyee, breathing leeblv. The doctor felt the pulse, forehead, and heart of his patient, and said, while slowly drawing on bis gloves: • "X do not think that he will hold out : through the day. I will look m again itonight; m the meantime you may go.ofi. with the medicine I prescribed yesterday. The Sister .nodded, and. when, the doctor was gone,, -.took- up .some. needlework, with whichshe busied herself whenever the patient aid not require hor-attendance. The day passed quietly, witUout perceptible change in the state 01 the dyingman. When .lt grew dark ithe Sister left ,the room .noiselessly-to-fetcha lighted-lamp. The doorhad remained.ajar. From the next room she thought she heard-the patient speak, .and : hurried baok to .his bedside. - He had raised himself from his pillows,.and his face, whioh she could not well distinguish in the. dim twilight, seemed to her to have grown ; younger. His eyes, which during the whole - day had remained half-closed, were now-wide open, and looked kindly and peacefully around. That, indescribably sweet smile with which so many weary ones greet-the approach of peace-bnoging death, lighted up his countenance. " It is getting dark,-' he whispered. Wait for me, Isidore ; we will go home together." : He fell baok on the pillow. , His breathing became slower—slower and fainter—then ceased. The Sister remained lor a few moments perfectlystill. She then left the room,, and soon returned with the lighted lamp- -She raised itabove ths.head of the dead man, EG that the bright light fell upon his pale, emaciated and.oalm features. She looked at him attentivelv, without tenderness, ^without sorrow, or; :;inde«d,: any visible . sign of .emotion; .turned quietly away, and, after placing the .lamp on the table, returned-to IhejbBd.tOiclose-theLeyes of the departed. :In the same methodical way she..smoothed the pillow and;.placed ; the quiet, head carefully - andjgently.npon it, drew the sheet up.to.the •chiiLoi,the:,dead man, and plaoea a crucifix mithe:oola;hands,.:,after--having folded-tugm above .the' counterpane.: Then .she lighted two;oandles, and plaoed:one at the head; aua the jother-.at -the-ioot of the bod. iastly, she took a. smaikbotlle and poured the holy water .which, jt. contained, -into a saucer, already -prepared:.forv the purpose, jwluoh istoocl bythebedside. When she hadatteaded to ali thiB,-.withont harry,:as withoUt hesitation, she looked around as. if to -see if anythmg' elsB- remainei: to. be . done: -:Her :calm;^ searching - glance :Burveved- with, ihe same-^serious;-:composnre - the corpse, -^he tapers, the crucifix, .the :saucer witli the-holy -water :; and whenvshe :had satisfied .-herself .that -nothing.(had-been omitted: and; that everything was in perfect order, she idrew fromiBrpooket alittle, well- worn,blackbook, opened it--w5th.-unerring.hand at .an-aoouE- ^ tomedplaoe,' kneltdown,;made theaign of tha crosBj^ndtiersileut.iiios-ingliparecitedtha prayers .Tfor -the ndead;^- Rvdolph -. Haute*: in Blackwood's Magat\n&. ;, 