AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. .? .j[Biy 'Augu3lj0B'ire48bpp> D.D., in the . , .a -Athenaum.]- '.< .Little; more than two months have passed" since my own personal-experience of mental' phenomena was strikingly enlarged by, the occurrence with which the following narra-j :tive deals. Yet already I find that round the'original Btory there has gathered a sur prising accumulation of the mythical element, aiid that I myself am in danger of becoming a herb of romance in more senses than one. As 1 object to be looked upon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, do not wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system renders him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions, I have yielded to the earnest request of: sbme who have begged me to make public1 the following paper. I am told that there, are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so it is better they should hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other chan nels. 'The narrative was written at the re quest of a friend 'not many day8 after the event, when ftll the circumstances were fresh in my recollection.' On the 10th of October, 1879,1 drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall to spend the night at'Lord Orford'a. Though I was in perfect health and high spirits it is fair to state that, for some weeks previously, I had. had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind'or another. I was not, however, 'conscious of anything approaching weari ness, irritability, or "fag." I arrived, at 4 'p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at 7 ; our party numbered six persons. Of these four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general and dis cursive, and am used andinterested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen and comment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We " left off as we began," and as two of the guests had some distance to drive we broke up at half-past 10. The main object of my going over to Man nington was to examine and take notes upon some very rare books In Lord Oi ford's library which I bad been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to Bit up for some hours and make transctipts. His lord ship first wished me to let his valet remain in attendance to see all lights put out, but as this would have embarrassed me and com pelled me to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely that I should be occu pied till fr7Q or thiee in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left to my own de vices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fireplace and grand old chimney ; and it is needless to say that it is furnished with every comfort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. There was six small volumes in all. I took them down and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work- sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As 1 finished with a: book I placed it iu front of me. There were; four silver candlesticks upon the table, the: candles all burning, and as I am a chilly] person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at in tervals; as I finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood up to warm my feet. 1 continued in'this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and 1 had only; one more book to occupy me. I rose,: wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of seltzerwater, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bad by 2 after all." I set to work at the last littlo book:' i had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I. was actually writing, I saw a large white hand? within a foot of my elbow. Turning my bead, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently ex amining the _pile of books that 1 had been at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely-cut red dish-brown hair, his ear, and shaved cheek, ? the eyebrow, the corner of the'right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, close up to the throat, and a narrow rim or 'edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or .velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and ; fitting close to the chin. The right hand, I which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand. Both hands were in perfect re Eose, and the large blue veins of the right and were conspicuous. I remember think ing that the hand was like the hand of . Velasquez's magnificent ' Dead Knight' in the National Gallery. 1 looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was per fectly sure that he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came ^ crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked on a tray on my right for a ipencil j then I thought, " Upstairs I have a sketch-book--shall I fetch it}" There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, sot 61 his staying, but fat he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot explain why I did this-my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed and nothing more. I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened, perhaps for another five minutes, and had actually got to the last few words of what 1 had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own; I turned my head again, to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to address to him, when I dis covered that I did not dare to speak. I teas afraid of the sound of my ovm voice'' There he sat, and there sat I. I'turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. Tiie paper and my notes are at this moment be . fore me, and exhibit not the slightest, tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table; it made a slight noise as it fell-the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I Bat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious feeling, and I remember wonder ing whether my friend would come again, : and it be did whether he would hide the fire ! from me. Then first there stole upon me a 1 dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning ; .then I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took my ; books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honor to ap pear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candle3 and . marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty-I know not which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and, unvarnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I leave to others. , 