The Geologist. Coal in Queensland. AT present but little is accurately known of the older sedimentary rocks of Central and Northern Queensland—in them a spacious crypt of geological records awaits the Ecal of the student The sparse nd rudimentary know* ledge of these depoeita to far acquired has been mainly derived from cursory observation at isolated points, and from fossils incidentally oooarring in outcrop*, fta, whose mutual relations have not been systematically determined. It is not surprising, therefore, that the earliest charts of a country whose geological features have been so varied by denudation and volcanio agency should be liable to some correction as the result of more minute exploration; nor is it by any means a matter of trivial importance that a care* ful investigation of these rooks should be carried out at an early date. On the contrary it is highly desirable that any erroneous estimation of them should be corrected as quickly as may be, for on our knowledge of them, true or false, are based practical conclusions affecting the public interest for good or eviL If Queensland is to compete with or even render herself independent of other countries in manufactures, that mineral which is the prime factor of mechanical power, or at least the tine qud turn of continuous pro* gross, must be sought wherever the metals invite the furnace and wherever industrial arts spring up in other forms. On the other hand it is soarcely less important that the capital of our young and struggling tradesman Queens land should be spared the waste of futile speculation—should be guarded from abortive attempts to find coal where induction, otherwise science, unhesitatingly declares it to be non-exis tent Often as the baseless search for coal in* volving the ruin of the misled adventurer has been reprobated and its absurdities exposed by British geologists, there are sufficient indications that the same rash spirit is latent among our own people. Ccelum turn animum mutant gui trans nan currunt. Given the pstudo wisdom of in* telligent uninstructedness sharpened by greed or the pride of display, and a piece of lignite, black shale, or even blue clay becomes the divining rod pointing to the coal treasure beneath. Given the possession of a little spare capital, and the ghost of "the potentiality of growing rich" beckons the unlucky neophyte down a perpendicular shaft of lose and discomfiture. One only mode of teaching the coal seeker to avoid barren ground exists: to demonstrate its barrenness on geologi cal principles—to show him that the great bulk of the coal measures has been formed at a par* tioular period of the world's history—that con sequently if the rocks beneath his feet be of earlier date it is impossible that in or below them he should find thick coal—that if the surface rook be recent the depth at which the coal may pouMj/ lie (a depth to be determined only by survey) may still place the coveted mineral utterly beyond his reach. Burdened as our country already is with debt it is of the most pressing importance that all her natural resources should be developed as rapidly as possible, and that with a minimum liability to individual loss and dis couragement. Had the geological conditions under which gold presents itself in the Queens land rocks been familiarly known at the outset of gold adventure many a thousand pounds worth of time and anew would haver b«en »ved to the general fund of wealth—the bard-handed digger would have been better advised than to sink on the top of a hill of undisturbed shale or burrow deep, into the heart of basalt—and even jet it were much to be desired that prospectors worked more generally in the light of known facts obtaining wherever the moat payable gold occurs and so direct their first and most strenuous efforts towards new fiuds in the spots where geology recognise* an a priori probability of gold existing. True it is that vast quantities of the metal have been found by hap- hazird prospecting ; but so much and probably more would have been discovered at far less expense of time and means had the search for seated gold beon more frequently guided by a study of the primary rocks. The** remarks so far as they relate to coal have beea occasioned by the result of an examination of the paleoaoie rook* of the Fitzroy valley—or more correctly of the country extending from the embouchure of the river to a point on the coast about eighty miles northward and from the> coast itself nearly to the edge of the Upper Carboniferous area to the weat The study of these deposits was commenced under the im pression that they were Devonian—a preeon> ception derived from a memoir and map published by the Geological Society of London in 1872—and as long as that impression remained but on* answer could be given to enquiries respecting coal: that its presence within the given limits was virtually an impossibility. Of late however a suspicion, gradually strengthening into a cowrie* tion, has arisen that the paleozoic* under notice belong to the era succeeding that of the Devonian, and that consequently the existence of torn* coal within them cannot be so positively denied. At the risk of testing the patience of a reader rather severely, the grounds on which the alteration of date is proposed may be give* as briefly and simply as possible. la an appendix to the memoir previously men tioned, the paleontologist to whom were sub mitted the zoological fossils collected by iU author described a number of the shells a* Devonian forms. Two of these, however, art confessedly not found in the British rocks of that age, and a third is oertainly carboniferous, Further, in speaking of one of these shells, Productus com, Mr. Utheridge notices the singu larity of its association with the plant Lepido* dendron in Queensland, a tree whose remains he says are there oonfined to the Devonian strata* The difficulty thus raised by a plant which else* where is almost characteristically cwboaifer one he explains by suppo ing that it appeared in the Southern Hemisphere at an earlier period than in the Northern. It is evident, however, that it is quite as allowable to a botanist to declare the: Queensland rooks containing lepidodendron to be carboniferous, and observe that cortaia associated shells ranged somewhat higher in tk» strata in the New World than they are foond to do in the Old. The tenth is that, however valuable some shells even of a widely ranging and variable family like the spirifers may be li fixing the relative age of bads, it is father hazardous to trust unreservedly to others, more especially when their testimony seems to be con tradicted by that of accompanying relies. From this it will be admitted that the evidence on which wide areas of the country were mapped as Devonian, however stable it may prove on the whole, is very liable to be overset by additional information respecting particular portions of them. We may now proceed with the proofs that the country under review is a case in point, observing by the way of a preliminary that the* whole of its paleozoic rocks are of the sane aft —a fact sufficiently proven by the presence of a peculiar plant throughout the series. In an angle formed by the river Fitzroy, abodt ten to fifteen miles north of Rockhampton, the major part of the group may be studied with as much convenience as the generally disturbed state of these deposits permits. They are there seen to fall into two fairly characterised divisions. The one, in which the indurated shales of the Rock* hampton quarry and of Burnetville may be in cluded, may be termed for emphasis the Plant Beds. It may be described in general terms as a drift accumulation of pale sandstones and inter posed shales resting on a thick series of red marls and clays. In the midst of the deposition of sand an interruption occurred during which a consider able thickness of limestone more or less pure was precipitated before the sands were again allowed to gather. The shales and marls of this division abound in remains of the plant before spoken of. and in some instances .present it in its place of growth. The sandstones on the other hand are rich in other plants of the period—lepidoden dron, stigmaria, cardicearpum, ferns, fta, but all in a fragmentary and ill-preserved condition. Throughout this series animal life is extremely rare—a pecten and a lingula being the only forms yet discovered. Overlooking the lime stone it may be safely said that estuarial condi tions prevailed at this period during which the floods swept down sand and mud into a shallow sea, charged them with the comminuted and half, rotted d&ris; of the inland forests, and let fall fresh layers of clay upon flats covered with a mosslike vegetation. This state of things continued until the aggregate thickness of the various beds exceeded 1200 ft, when a change, foreshadowed by the temporary cessation of the arenaceous deposits before mentioned, became established. Deep water, contiguous to shores fringed with the shale and limestone rocks of a former era, supplied the corals of that day with materials for their reefs; colonies of sea lilies (eucrinites) sprang up at the bottom and mingled their stony fragments with the sediments; reef and rock swarmed with the old-world periwinkles (pleuro* tamaria, 4c.) and auger shells (oorchisonia) of various species ; the limy bottom nurtured hosts of oockles (splrifera), scallops, (aviculopecea), and other bivalves; and all these, together with sponges, coralline-., fi«h, and perhaps reptiles, yielded their eiuv'te to the force of the tides to be buried in the hhingle of successive beaches. Such is the history registered in the stone docu ments of the second division, composed of up wards of 800 ft of pure and argillaceous litnstone and subordinate beds of shale. The currents which bad carried down the waste of the land and its plants were arrested or diverted, and beyond the persistent traces in the shale* of the prevailing plant a few torn fronds of a fern (Peoopteris) alone attest the vicinity of tcrrestjal CHAS. W. DEVIS. life. The abundant marine fauna of tbia part and period of the paleozoio sea is mostly collo cated in a succession of breccias near the top of the calcareous rocks. Four of these may be made out, each indicating a new shore line, and being in qome places simply a mass of shells, Boopnytea, fto,, cemented together by the matrix. Among the mollusc* of these and other beds of the aeries occur not only the species acknow ledged to be non-Devonian in Britain, but also a shell which can hardly be referred to any other known species than spirifera atriata, a typical ■bell of the carboniferous rooks. The discovery of this shell led to a careful search among the vegetable remains of the lower division of the group, which was rewarded by the further dis covery of a cyclostigma, a lepidendroid tree having circular instead of rhomboidal leaf scars. Cyclostigma is considered by Professor Heer to be one of the most characteristic genera of the ldwer section of the carboniferous formation, and the sandstone beds in which it oocurs in the ■oath of Ireland and the Vosges have on account <A thtir associated flora been combined by him with the carboniferous beds of Bear Island and elsewhere under a peculiar designation. It may not at present be advisable to indentify the pale sandstones of the Fitiroy with the yellow sand stone of Ireland, yet the resemblance between the mineral characters and pl*nt remains of the diviaion whereof they are members with the lower beds of the carboniferous system of Europe, and between the shells, Ac., of the oal» eareoua divison with those of the mountain lime stone, seems to warrant a proposal to entitle the whole group Lower Carboniferous instead of Devonian as heretofore. To return to practical considerations : The view of these rocks now sug gested influences to some extent our estimation of them as repositories of coal. Coal beds of vary ing but limited thickness may exist at any level among the sandstones and shales of the Lower Carboniferous, but the oases in which they have been found payable are very rare. We are indeed no longer at liberty to say that the mineral is entirely absent from the lower valley of the Fits rey and localities similarly conditioned; neverthe less attempts to find an isolated bed by sinking, or any great outlay in driving upon an outcrop in the hope of its thickening into a profitable ■earn, are strongly to be deprecated. In such areas nothing short of the appearance on the »ur face of thick and good coal would justify expendi ture. To some it may appear that this result of a change of classification is of less value than the example it affords, or, more modestly, the possibility it suggests, of the necessity of more extended researches into our Queensland rocks than have hitherto been made. If this be so it is to be hoped that at no distant day a systematic examination of the whole country will be set •loot 