THE STORY-TELLER. A FINE FORTUNE.' : By J, C. F. JOHNSON Author of On the Waiaabt/ ' Over the Island/ Christmas on Caesinga/JStc. h Chapter XXV. ,4 a startling disclosure. " God doth not need Hither man's work, or his own gifts : who best Bear His mild yoke, they serve him best : His state Is kingly ; thousand at his bidding speed, a Mil iin t. o'er land and ocean without rest They also serge who only stand and wait." Milton. After what had passed on the day when he met Liz with Ballard, old Lanty thought he would not be doing his duty if he did not let George know the true state of the case, and that could only be done by means of a letter. But then, unfortunately, Lanty could not write, and he did not like to trust any one else. While he was debating what , was best to be done, he found, on- going up to the cottage /one evening, that Mr. Wilmott was seriously ill, so ill that poorLiz had been frightened that he would hot liye through the previous! night, but he refused to see a doctor, saying that it could do him no good. He had expressejla wish-to see Captain Foring- ham, and learmnpf lhat he had started the previous day on his way to Melbourne, enroute l ' tb-Sydney, ha -ihen asked for George Foring ham, and wondered that he had not been .to see them for so long. Liz felt that she "must, not , , send Jo him, anyolttanty of her diJSculty, but Jhe jpld, soldier had nonsuch scruples, and at once\ determined to take Lanky iBob, his stupid good-natured mate, into his confidence, and get him to write the letter. Faix, I suppose I'll have to swear him, an divil a wan av me knows how, seein' there ' fisfi'j; |the -taste avia Bible about the place at j \- all/ -he muttered— .' Arrak II know what I'll de, I'll borry wan av Miss Liz.' ' MissTiiz, allannah, have yez such a thing \- - as a Bilfe About the plfice ye eudllind jme/ ; 1 A Bible, Lanty ! Why, I thought you could ' An it's ihriife fore Mif, MUs ; shqrq, , I himexaate ?beaSit , Bob-Madden j lie can iafle piostilligaiit, an' tis a little theologo- cOUical iargiimint we hav', an' I want to con- roice him tibat ihe blessed St. Pettier was the iiAf av. the Apostles, and lie, the heretic,' Bible, Lanty, but . he, .was readingifc when 1 wasin the room just now. WiU it do when you come up to night V Lmiy tilted bis old billycock hat forward over Hs nose, and scratched his back hair in a meditative manner. Then he suddenly brightened up and said — Faix, I have it. Miss Liz, will ye lind me the little Frinch book 1 seen ye radin' yesterday/ , . Why, that was a French Dictionary, Lanty. What use would that be to you ?' Faix, that ud do just as well, I'm fchinkin'. Ye see, Miss, Bob knows I can't rade English, but he doesn't know that I'm nofca Frinch scholard and 1 cud may be convince him av that av I had it. An shure ye know, Miss, 'twould be the rale good work to bring him to a comprihinsion av the thrue faith, so it would, an' him nobettker nor a hathen , Chaneeman mow.' " Lizlaughed heartily at Lanty 's notions of conversation, but iii the end the old man carried his point, and went off bearing with him the French Dictionary. ' Bedad, Bob, 'U.niver ax to look at the Book he's sorn on, an' where'llhe the differ av he kapes his word and doesn't let out about Masther George and Miss Liz. But let's see, now ; how's this they give the oath in the Codrt. 01 I have it : — " Take— the— took in— yer— right — hand — The-— evi dence— you— shall— give— in— this— Coort— in— this— ease-shall— be— the— thruth - the — -<whole— thruth— an— nothin'— but— the— thruth i-So— help— you— God— Kiss— the — book— What's -yer -name — Where — d' — Yq live." ' This he rattled off with the usual legal ?t"o'g that going to bind him not to tell I dunnp— - £nd Lanty paused, sat down on a stump bv the roadK, and drawing his bid black pock begaavey de- liberaSfcSW nP a tobacco. A" fiilKdflit his consoler, and started on again w»bout "having decided the knotty said he between the white X)f Ills pipe, Voiidther Would it be a legal 11111 in lf -r <oatb? «v€was .bit an' instead m What's— yet— hamewhere?-|lf-|| vkf was to say — "Kiss — the — bodk— an' — never — re vale— what— I'mToipHto — ssyr— to.ye — 6 worrald — widoufc- — infl — - Amiu." Faix, I believe I Uthryit any how,' and with a sigh of relief he walkedpn to the tent, stopping only at a sfbre to buy some paper, ink, and pens. . . r His mate Was' lying ih his bunk smoking when Lanty came in. 4 HoW's things up at Wilmott's, Lanty ?' ' Faix they coudn t be much worse any hov ; but get up, Bob, an' help me do some- thin' that I want to do.' I Bob sat lip in his bunk. j V ' Well, what's yer ga|ae now, old un— V Bob, me boy, was ye ever in Coort ?' , 'Yes,, once;, I seen SUtherry Lync|h's brother tried.' ' . .. ; ' Thin, Bob, d' ye know the vartue an nacher a van oath?' -anxiously. \- g Well, I dunndwbout that exactly, et see, I, used to know the Lord s prayer, and I think I once kno ed the Ten Command ments, but I spose that aint it.' | Lanty felt relieved. Ah' !' he said to himself, ' I was moighty feared he'd be known' too much for , me. Ian' would be thrippin' me up wh:n I thried to althec the words . ' : ' Well, thin/Bob me boy, get up, and I'll get ye to help me in what's a moighty great sacret ; but, first, I'll have to swear ye.' . ' W ell, go ahead, then, mate. ' , _ Lanty produced Jhe Dictionary, and with .a most, solemn face propounded the oath : — Take — the — book— in — your — right hand— The— evidence:— ye — shall — give — in — this — case — shall — be — the — thruth — ; the, ——..hole — -firuth — an' — nothing — but — thfe — truth — So— help—ye: — God: — Kiss — the. — book— an' — never — : revale — what — I m — goiD— jo — say — to — ye — now — worrald — n widout — ind — Amin.' : Lanty reverently crossed himsplf as though" more strongly to mark the solemnity of the ceremony, and Bob greatly impressed, imprinted a great blubbering kiss on the cover of the French Dictionary. Lanty then told him as much as was necessary of the lovers' affairs, and explained that he wanted to write a letter to GeOrge. The rickety slab thai; did, duty as a table was now moved into position, and after the consumption of a large, quantity of paper, the following remarkable document was pro duced, which George received just as he was paying the last cheques for the shearers : — ' Ballarat, 16th Septimbpr. ' Dear Masther Gorge — ' ' i now take up my pen to rite these few lines hopping it finds.,- you ' well as it leeves me at presunt barring a broken finger that i got in the drive yestherday morning was -a fortnit when the earth fell on me that ; pur- vints me riting,but i have got a naber, 'Lanky Bob, to rite for me so plese excuse bad riting and spelling becase of the accident i .had. This is to tell you be quick and come up at once- Mister Wilmott is .dyin and' the darlin girl is bjking,: her heart, an' a bigT)l'ack blaggara— that Mister Ballard — that you thrusted was tiyin to cut you out but he didn't bad scran to him for that pame so be shure to eome uck and no mote at pretent from' your humbelservunt ; .: Bis : Lanty XMehan. t < mark N.B. — P.S. — The mistakes is all Labty's that wouldnt leeve me spell korrectly at all but must jamb in ibis ore -which? wasnt wanted. - ' < 1 v : / \- — — Bob Maddens » Within a quarter of an hourc after the re ceipt of thi;» strange message George ps in the" saddle/ 'and setting out fOr Ballarht at . the greatest speed he dare put ip;4D2U!e to, considering the jouriiey biefiSr fftir. ; The beautiful animal seppaed to share hit im patience, for it iwas with .difficulty he could restrain her, and in less than three houirs he oame galloping up the Main Roadi and giving: the reeking anima.1 tothe care of the . ostler, was soon striding up he hill towards the cottage. £ Liz met him at the' +door, sluu, held out her hand,- which he clasped with a warm pressure. Papa is very ill/Hshe «aid>- with -her. eyes cast down, in feat jpBt George shohld per ceive the great gladness that glowed in them at seeing him once more. He' hasj been asking for you so often. O, Mr. Fpring- ham, I fear he is going, to leave' me; ail alone! 'J - 5 George longed to strain her to his breast, and tell her that "she would never be , alone in the world while be lived, but he feared to do so, knowingbo w strbng was her sensi tive pride." ' " L She gaycone quick glance at his face, but dropped her eyes again whilst a vivid blush overspread her cheeks, for he saw the look of almost ovCrpoweringlove in his face J ' Miss Wilmott, J hope you will notjthink :yon are without friends whilst — whilst my. father and i are so — so glad to stand by you/ George's voice shook with emotion, and he Btammered like a schoolboy repeating an ill- conned leBSon. 'Thank you/ /she replied1, softly, i 'but won't-you go and see papa,! opening tUs door of the bedroom. j -J -The ihvalid looked up with a wan srpile of welcome as George entered, and said — ' Liz, darling, put a "chair for Mr. Fpring- baWby the bed, and.leave us, my dear, for a quarter of an hour alone.' " The girl did as she was asked, and retired quietly." v. 'I am glad you have come, Mr, Foring- ham,' said the sick man, ' for I particularly wanted to see you before I diefi... . You have been a considerate friend to me, and I think from what I have seeii' that you have |some- thing more' than a friendly feeling for my darliog girl. Am i mistaken?' atid the sick man bent a look of tender anxious inquiry on the face of his young friend. 'Mr. Wilmott, I love Liz honestly, deeply, and truly. There is only one woman in. the world for me, and she is that woman/ 'Thank God for that ; I desire nothing better. George jforinghaih, ' you have taken m gnat load off fhat I have, to say less difficult. I .shsildl easier 'listed is i ifr ja long _ t -otMy to teU you, which wil|««urprf8e -yoa ; gqod deal, I knpw. The knpwledge dan make ho drferencejo you now, forT soon shall be enjoying. tbu long rest that I have so many years desired. 1 . i He paused a fe» seconds, and then went on in a low, veak voice— ' My name is not Wilmott, but the same as your own — George Wilmott Foringham !' George started, and stared blankly at the old man. ! ! I kne v I should surprise and perhaps shock yon. I am the younger son of Sir Boueliier Foringham, and your father s cousin. Liz is not, my daughter,, but my grand-daughter. Her father is dead.' j He hesitated for a moment with a doubtful look on his face. ' Yes, I' think I am bonnd to tell you all the miserable story, and if I know you, I think it will make no difference in ybur estimation of my darling's worth that her father was unworthy.' 1 1 suppose you have heard how your grand-: uncle's eldest son, after being engaged in a duel, in which his opponent was killed, flea to the Continent. That was in 1817..- I haq left college, and, unknown to my father, had married a beautiful girl, and — -God forgive me !— I broke her heart. Dudley W ray, who fell before my pistol, was her brother, and up to then my dearest friend. It is needless to go into the particulars of bur qna.rrp.l- Those were wild days, and men quarrelled for slight causes, and fought for even less. But, George, I can solemnly -say that I never meant to harm him. He was , heated with wine, and struck me before a number of others. They said there was nothing for it but for us to meet. I tried by every means in my power to have the master arranged, but unsuccessfully. He was pur- rounded by evil counsellors. We met one misty November morning. .1 believe then, when he was sober, he would gladly nave apologised ; he had told a friend that he would not aim at me. As God is my judge, I bad fully resolved to fire in theiair ! We were placed on our ground — I can sep his bright, handsome, boyish face before me no O, would that I had had the courage to defy opinion, and refuse to fight him ! The pistols were placed in our hands. I took the weapon offered to me carelessly, aiid not knowing that it was a hair-trigger, raised it quickly to point it in the air, but beforfe the word to fire had been given it exploded in my ' band. Dudley Wray jerked himself stiffly upright, and fell forward on his face. I rushed to where he lay, threw myself upon my knees at his side, and raised his head. George, bis look has haunted me ever since 1 It was a glance of deep affection and pity ! ' " An accident,' he whispered. 'Take wit ness all — an accident. God bless you, George, aud poor Milly ! My own fault. Tell her I said so, and comfort her. Good bye." ' A film came over the bright brown byes, and the curfy head of him that I loved so well fell back on my arm. George, I would not have my bitterest enemy to kno w the anguish j of such a moment as that ! ' " You had better seek your own safety, Foringham," said my second ; but his tone was cold and reserved. I was a practised shot, and they knew it, and suspected that I had been cowardly enough to shoot my friend in such a treacherous manner. ' Had it only been my own safety that I had to think about, I would have stayed by my poor friend's body until the police ar rested me, but there was my unfortunate young wife, who, I knew, had heard nothing of the quarrel. No one but her brother knew that we were married. ' I need not tell you of the scene when I went to her and told her that I liad killed her brother, and mast fly the country. My poor girl — sre had been married fourmontlisj-she behaved like the herqine she was. A Iter her first agony of griefs hkr only thought was for my safety. ,vVe fled together, and got on bqard a; packet, which landed us in Fnance, and from there I communicated with my! relations ; but in reply learned that my father had- cast me off, but said that I might draw upon his bankers' agents -in Paris for an alio wanes of iHuse hundred 'bounds a year. My wife's friends considered that she had disgraced herself by her loyalty to me and disowned her. My honour was tainted, Sfor it was believed that I had deliberately shot my young brother-in-law. My long periance, that has lasted ever since, was fully begun. , My darling wife, whom I loved with my whole soul, gradually drooped. She Was a fragile, tender, little creature, and fhe horror of the tragedy in which two whom she loved so dearly were concerned, was too great a; shock for her delicate organisation. ' jShe faded away, and died, giving birth to a son. The child lived and thrived. I cannot; tell you how I loved that boy, but I do not think I over won his love in return. As he grew up there never was any real sympathy bet reen ns— part of my , punishment, I suppose. | I engaged myself in congenial pursuits, f I made a fair .success as an artist, while several of my musical compositions were recefy 4vby the public with great favour. My son ap proached j manhood, and I learned; with sorrow that he had fallen into evil courses, and was a confirmed gambler before he Was twenty. -Then fcb cro < n ail, he came to me one day and tbld me that he was married to a beautiful but penniless young Irish girl, a Miss G'Hara, the daughter of a political exile. I had made a very good position for myself by this time, and mingled in tfie best society. I took the young couple to my home, and they were received into society. 'About six months after their marriage, my son, his wife, and myself were staying at the chateau of a Count d'Alvar, about ten leagues from Paris. There was a largB com pany, and the play was high. Arthur could not resist the temptation, and in spite of my remonstrances he would play. He lqst and won with varying success ; but at length, as our visit drew to a close, and Arthur had, I knew, lost considerable sums, I asked him to tell me the amount, and I would settle it ; but he refused/ saying lightly that he had' money due to him in Paris which would more than cover his losses, and that he would leave that day in order to coljecfc it, and would send it to redeem his notes of . hand. Her was to start on a Tuesday, add we weretto follow the next day, .; In tie mofmug pqunt d'Afyar had beeh receiving t ' s .> t. . , l.|M ! i. japd .il VA8 with him in his study . when jie«: placed a large roll of billets de bank anda sum in gold in his escretoire. I spoke to him Of the danger of having so much money- lying in the house, but he laughed at my warning. While we were talking, Arthpi knocked at the door to bid our host good bye, and the Count laughingly told him of my cautiousness, saying that no one ever dreamed of being robbed in that part of the county, and that he did not even know the number of the notes ; and so laughing abd jesting we saw my son mount his hqrse and ride away. My daughter-in-law, and myself followed next day, but,' oh arriving at our lodgings in Paris, found that Arthur had not returned. He, however, came in during the day. He told me that he had pressing busi ness which would take him away for a couple of days, but that he had redeemed his notes of hand. He then left, and I never saw him ; again. A few hours later our lodgings were visited by the police, and ih a box in my stndio a number of billets de bank which had been stolen from Count d'Alvar ere found. It-Seems the ste ard had taken the numbers, and so they could be identified. I knew, of course, that my wretched son was the guilty person, but I could not give him up to jus tice, and so I was condemned to seven years in the galleys. My daughter-in-law — an impulsive, brave-hearted girl, whom I had learned to love as a daughter — suspected the truth, and it was with difficulty that I could persuade her to keep silence in the matter. ' Give me a drink, please ; I am faint.' With deep pity and admiration in his eyes, George handed the old man a glass of wine and water, of which he eagerly drank, and then resumed. ' Those were fearful years. I was a strong man when I was condemned, but when I ob- tained my discharge I was broken down. I sought my sob and his wife. I found Clare in wretched lodgings. He had deserted her, and she was in the lowest stage of poverty, and her child Liz, then about six years old, was in char, e of some Sisters of Mercy I tried to do what I could for them; M y father bad died long before without forgiving me ; and my brother, after my second disgrace, could not be expected to own me. Still, I could not see poor Clare starve, and her child dependent on charity. I applied to my brother. He sent me LI 00, with the intima tion that he did not wish again to hear from me. I took passage for America — for Clare, Liz, and myself — under the name of Wilmott. Soon after we sailed, Arthur was killed in a gambling-house broil, and by some error the papers gave his name as George, and stated that he had been recently discharged from the galleys. So it was supposed that I was dead. Ciaredied broken-hearted when we had been but a few months in New York I ma naged to earn a precarious living by writing for the Press, but my health failed, and for years I was almost starving. I kept Liz, who , never having known a father, took to calling me papa, in a boarding-school, and eked ont a living by playing the violin in an orchestra. I am unfortunately one of those men who are wrongly called universal geniuses, which really means Jacks of all trades and masters of none. Finally, things got so bad that J had to take the child from school, and as she early developed a musical talent I care fully cultivated her voice. The Californian diggings broke out, and we went round to San Francisco, and I did pretty well for a while, bnt my health was so wretchedly bad that I had to take advantage of Liz's gift, and so we rubbed along somehow. Eventually we drifted out here, and the rest of our history you know.' / The old man ceased, and his head fell Wearily back on. the pillow. George sat for a few minutes too stupefied with what be had heard, to think clearly. The emotions in his mind were so mingled. First,' there was deep ,pity and respect for the poor worn-out martyr lying before him, then feeling of joy and thankfulness that there need no :be no bar to his union with f the ; true-hearted girl whom he-Joved, and " wiib/ he knew, loved him, -superadded to which was a puzzled feeling as to what effect the revelation just made ould have on his father, and also how ib would operate with respect to the present and future dis posal of the Foringham title and estates. Be was recalled to him- elf by bis cousin saying, ' I have made a will, George, leaving anything to which I may be entitled to Liz. By-the-way, her name is Clare Elizabeth. I used to call her Bessie, to distinguish her "pom her mother, bnt though I did not like -it at first, somehow I have grown to love the name that has been bestowed upon her by her rough, bht true friends. I have asked (in a letter to be opened afterpiy death) that! Captain Foringham should act as executor, as although personally 1 know -your father but slightly — I know of him, and know that he is a thoroughly honourable man, whom I can trust," although he is an interested party, being heir-preskmptive to the family estates. You will find my will, and also several documents which will be sufficient to prove my identity in this packet' — taking a vellum envelope from underneath his pillow. My father will be pleased at your mark of confidence. I am sorry he is away just now in Sydney. But Mr. Will — — I beg y-->ur pardon I am so ast roished and con fused by the startling information you have given me that I really don't kdow how to addresi you.' ' Please call me as you have hitherto done —Mr. Wilmott. if I were sure of a long healthy life I would never c aim the title. I forfeited all claim to position the day I first made an outlaw of myself by shooting my friend. Now will you call my child, I want to talk to her alone and please go now, and do not say much to her to-day. >he will be quite unnerved by the startling in formation I shall have to give her.' George rose with the same confused feeling that he had felt almost from the beginning)! the strange story he had listened to. Sfen 1 with an effort he said — ' I will eo up to Bath's, and not come nntil you send for me ; but, Mr. Wilmott, you will not banish ffie longer than you can help I and please Jet, me send Doctor SchweinHardt to give you what assistance he can 1 Do hot, if said, refuse me thiB trifling privilege. Liz's sake, don't !' i: Well, go, you foolish hoy,' with a kindly c il. itlkia rjja- u. j- nroginrffinifj , pqjwq., lust ao as you Bke. " makelmy difference now, you Jmowiotlif it will gjve yon any pleasure to have the doctor trying to tinker-up this old worn-ont frame of mine, why, I'll submit. Now, send my darling to me.' George pressed the thin wasted hand and -went wit. He found Liz outside with a large hat on her head, training a wild lilac— as the colonists call the purple Kennydia— against a framework. The plant, together with several others, had been brought for her from the bush by old Lanty. \- ' Ae George softly approached he could not but feel pained by the look of dejection, yet of quiet resolution, on the beautiful face that had lately lost much of its bloom. /Liz, whose attention was plainly not in her work, glanced every now and then at the Jittje window of the rack man's room, and there was a look of anxious solitude in the sweet brown eyes. 'George, come neater/ 'Liz.' , She started, became for an instant as pale as snow, and then flashed a deep rosy red. She turned to meet his earnest gaze, and her eyes fell before it; ' 0, Liz, my darling ! Look up, dear Liz, for I hope our troubles are over now. The darkness that has kept ns apart is lifting, and the bright morning, I hope, has dawned. Go to your la — , to your father, dear; he has something serious to tell you, bnt do not be frightened, my own ' — ; — for he saw a startled expression grown in the depths of the brown eyes now turned to Ms. Tlie story he has to tell you may astonish you as it has me, but even though it may pain you, it will, I hope, give you comfort for the future. Now go, dear Liz. I have promised to leave you to-day ; but I will send Doctor Schweinhardfc, and Lanty will stay about within call, so that you may send for me if I am wanted.' He had unconsciously taken her hand, which he held in both of his ; but at the moment there was more of Abe earnest friend than the lover in bis aciicm, soMiough at first Liz would have withdrawn nerband, the feeling of security and protection which his words and action had produced was so strong and so pleasant to the poor girl - who had long felt the need of a protector — that she left her hand in his clasp. ' He knows that our relations cannot be altered.' she thought, 'and has accepted the position. I am glad that he has been wise enough to see the matter in its proper light, and that he does not feel it more acutely.' Yet in her heart of hearts, thpugh this was the bourse which she hadschddled herself to think she wished liim-to take, J)00r Liz was eonscious of a bitter disappointment, and a sensation as though part of her being had sud denly, been removed. She battled bravely with the feeling, and her face, when she again lifted it to liis, was calm and grave, and betrayed ho trace of Hie straggle rllich had been going on in her mind. Her voice was perfectly steady, and she said with the ghost of one of her old mischievous smiles, that flickered for a moment on the pale face and died almost as soon as it was born — 'When yon have quite dandirifh my hand, Mr.Foringham, will yon let me ge to papa ? I think you said he wanted ms/ George blushed like a schoolgirl, and dropped the hand he had been holding. ' Forgive me, Miss Wilmott — I mean Miss For — . O, excuse me, I have- had snch a surprise within the last hour that I hardly know what I am saying. I will leave you now ; but, unless you forbid me, I will return to-morrow. Till then— good bye and God bless you." With startled look the girl left him, and wept into the old man's room, while George sped down the hill, half wild with excite ment. Coming to the clapn where Lanty And his friend were sit work, he called the the" old Irishman up from below, and dragging him to his tent, sent him off to the cottage to wait for orders, while he went fer the doctor, whom he dis jHhb4ik the same direction. Then feeling that he could not settle quietly to wait, he returned to Lanty's claim, and getting some rough clothes from Lanky Bob he took Lanty's place at the windlass while Bob descended the shaft, and there stayed hard at work Mil sunset, when he had some supper with Bob, and went to see the doctor, from whom he learned that Mr. Wilmott (to call him by his old name) was much easier, and that the clever old German had hope; of sustaining the flickering life of some months at least. With his mind less troubled George then walked back to the hill to smoke his pipe on the trunk of a fallen ahfwt from the cottage, but hidden from in tervening brush. There, like the love-rick young fool he was, he passed Hie Warm summer night, watching the dim light- from the little window of the: bouse that held her whomhesO fondly loved. . (to BS <»HTnitr£k \- -- -r m Old gentleman to trbnritoe ' boy : " Look here, boy, can yon teRiSwliy you may be said to be playing at tiie-and- seek?" Troublesomeboy «&/' 014 gentleman: " Because yon/lse&ing; a good hiding." , . . % Iris unquestionably a lactthat wy few men are Messed with the toS'-domg more than one thing well. 'Tn the Dwinoniy of nature our gifts, as a jtale, are few. One may be able to plan, but, cannot exeeute, while his neighbour's executive ability ig his strong point. One man is good at the wheel, but lacks financial ability ; another one can design china and earthenware of superior style, but falls short of success as a business manager. Similar experiences are met with m every trade, j f\ An eminent firm of Dohdonbrewers has tlm following startling announcement on their printed bjll-hea«d>— 4 4 Families sup plied in casks and bottles," 