THE DRY-AS-DUST CLUB PAPERS, [By Mb. Phiixdklphus Pnm, M.D.D.O.J No. XIV.—STATISTICAL BOGIES. Some people are said to be possessed with the facility of seeing ghosts. I myself am dubious on the point, and think that very many so-called ghostaare due to eating lobsters or kidneys or other indigestibles for sapper, and to the carious freaks which our nerves pUy as when irritated by dyspepsia. This, however, is only a personal opinion, and may be taken for what it is worth, and is moreover open to revision. But there an other ghosts and bogies than those which Mrs. Orowe champions in her " Night Side of Nature," and other ghostseers than modern mediums, and it is of these that I have to write in this paper. 1 Mr< Philanthropus Pickup, MJDD.C, is one of these ghostseers, and the bogies which affright him are to be found' in his peculiar manipulation of figures. He treats statistics sb a chemist treats nis salts and adds and metals, and frequently alarms himself and bis friends by unexpected and unwelcome theories which oome forth from bis matke* znatioal crucible, sometimes as nauseous smells and sometimes with explosive violenoe. The other evening at the Olub he brought forth a veritable bogie. It was not a new one, but clad in new garments and disguised-by a few ugly features. It was -only the old spectre of the Bev. Mr. Malthas over again. He was being fast -carried along by the inexorable logic of his figures.to the same conclusion that Mr. Proctor -has reached, vis., that, in spite of mitlenial prophecies and poetic dreams, the world ib rapidly growing old and hastening toward the brink of the precipice of ruin: This was how he raised the bogie, which to my Australian resders will seem about as absurd as the drbad which we are told onoe came over a mad Hindoo when he heard of water beooming solid, lest the Ganges should befrozen over and should die. His argument was as follows:—** 1. There are three requisites to production, land, labour, and capital, and each is powerless without the other two. ' In order for there to be due prosperity, and for the land to yield its increase, labour to be well paid and capital to be remunerative, neither of these factors should predominate. In a new country land is abundant, but its abundanoe not mischievous because its utility limited by the limitation of labour And capital." Thus far any one would agree With Mr. Pickup; but sis he proceeded to unfold his second point we began to prick np our ears. It is a law that if you apply capital to land you may get an increased return for your money, but not in proportion to the outlay. Meanwhile the population increases, and when that population reaches ; a certain density an additional amount of labour and capital will not raise a proportionately increased supply of food. This looks ominous for the future. The Psalmist says of a family man, " Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them;" but there must come a time when this Arcadian picture will have to be repainted by the coarser brush of Spartan legislators. It is possible that the climax of social ruin 'may' be delayed by the discovery of new machines, new fields for industry, and new countries to be occupied and tilled; but what are a few thousand years in the history of a world'{ The theory of natural selection carries back the life-history of animals into geological ages of remote antiquity, and the inevitable outworking of the family law carries in itself its own seeds of destruction." I wondered what was coming, and even whether any of the youthful members of our essayist's household had been playing the part of Hood's little child in the well-known poem, and teasing the good man out of his senses. Mr. Pickup then proceeded to chalk a sum on the blackboard, and having done so, to expound his figures. " The limits to the growth of population must be reached at last, he went on to say. Mr. Marshall, in his little book, tells us that the surface of the globe, including land and sea, is about 600,000,000,000,000 square yards. If we suppose that each yard affords standing room for four persons, the calculation gives room for 2,400,000,000,000,000 persons. Yon may object that it would be rather awkward for four persons to stand on the crest of a yard of Atlantic wave, or on the sloping sides of a Polar iceberg. I admit it, an(f say that your objection only helps my argument. Look now at the rate of increase of' the population of England and Wales, of which Mr. Jefferis made so much in his recent lesture on Confederation. It doubled itself between the years 1801 and 1851. At this rate of increase population would, in— 100 years, multiply itself by 4. 200 " •« 16. 400 " " '* 256. 500 1,024-aay 1,08». 1000 " " " 1,000,000. 2000 " " " 1,000,000,000,000. 3000 " " " 1,000,000,000,000,000,000. Take these figures, and you will find that in 3,000 years the rate of increase will cover the whole surface of the globe with a deep mass of human beings, which would be as closely matted together as the processional caterpillars in the bush, and which would go far towards choking the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and stopping up the mouths of the volcanoes. South Australia has (say) population of 250,000 persons, at the above rate, in 500 years we should number 250,000,000, and Victoria would have reached 800,000,000, or twice the estimated number of people in that swarming human beehive the Chinese Empire. These numbers are not fanciful, that is they are not a statement of the. possible increase of a certain definite number of human beings, but are based on the actual rate of increase in England during this century, and which is somewhat less than our increase inl South Australia. It is manifest, therefore, that, sooner or later, some check will have to arise to prevent this enormous multiplication of labourers and consumers." Mr. Pickup showed that in the case of the lower animals these checks arise in the struggle for existence which is going on, and he illustrated his remark by quoting from Darwin what he says about elephants. "The elephant is reckoned the slowest breeder of all known animals, and I have taken some pains to ascertain its probable minimum rate of increase. It will be under the mark to assume that it breeds when .thirty years old and goes on breeding until ninety years old, bringing forth three pairs of young in this interval. If this be so, at the end of the fifth century there would be alive, fifteen million elephants descended from the first pair.". Alongside of the elephants he gave us some: figures about the preposterous parentage of a pair, of herrings, but the figures were so large that I forbear transcribing them. "If it be asked how it is that the human population of the: world Jis not greater than it is, it is quite sufficient • answer to tell how war, and pestilence, -hnd bad doctoring, and poor food have perpetually thinned the tanks of the people." Mr. Pickup's logic seemed alarming enough, and I thought of suggesting to him how philanthropic an act it would be to scuttle the next immigrant ship^before it reached our shores. I remembered, too, a story I once read of a man who was compelled to wear a wooden leg, which he turned into strange uses. This man had been reading "Malthus's Essay on Population," and was sorely frightened by the same ghost thai had appeared to Mr. Pickup. Divers -unaccountable murders' kept taking place, the cause of death being in each case a musket shot. No one apparently was near with a gun, and yet the victims kept being knocked down. - At last suspicion rested on the wooden*l^gged economist^ who was al ways not far off, and jit wasfound that his leg was a gun barrel,-and the trigger was pulled by a string in bis pocket. He had hig_ brain stuffed with Malthus'sfchecks on population, and his wooden leg gave him the opportunity of carrying out his benevolent theories^ Love of humanity made a murderer; but bis ungrateful fellows did not sympathise with his plana, and the enthusiast was removed from the ranks ot superabundant population by means of the gallowa. At a laterstage in the debate the Professor took up the matter and boldly attacked the awful bogie. " When the Rev. Mr. Malthus wrote his famous essay the state of things indicated by Mr. Pickup seemed really ooming upon Bngland. England had too many people for her wheats fields to keep. ,or her capital to employ. The beautiful balance between labour and capital was disturbed, by the superabundance of workers. He spoke of two classes of restraint upon population—the fpositive, over which a man has no control, such, as war and disease ; and the preventive, by which he meant the prudence that ought to.govern a man before he marries. He was an amiable and benevolent clergyman; but this practical, theory of his made his name a byword and a reproach among all amorous young people, and others as welL I do not know how matters would have turned out if the course of events did not put an end for the present to all fear of overcrowding. Shortly after he wrote the steam- engine was invented, and put to numerous practical uses. Capital increased enormously. Land was better cultivated. Commerce extended itself. Steam bridged over, the ocean. The world's waste places were opened to British enterprise, and —the spectre vanished. We in this colony have boundless resources, and we require capital snd labour to develop them. W& can find room for millions of immigrants as well as for our own increase, provided the influx , be not too great for the capital. Capital is and must augment itself rapidly in a new country far more rapidly than in Bngland or France, and our want is labour. The influx of labour in its proper proportion will be a benefit to the labourers themselvls; without it we shall stagnate. Mr. Pickup's strange chimera may possibly present itself to our descendants of the fiftieth generation', but we may safely leave them to take care of themselves.. At aU events, our advice will not reach them, however we may settle matters. Heanwhile, let us deem that man a good citizen who is surrounded in his domestic castle by a dozen stalwart sans and with an equal proportion of daughters." I went home to ponder over the ghost; bat whenever Mrs. Fenn sought to draw me on to detail the particulars of the evening's debate I turned off from the subject with adroitness, and, buying my face in the Register, my eye lighted with satisfaction on the list of passengers * advertised as about to arrive by a coming immigrant ship. 