OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER. (From our own Corresponident.) Parliament will meet on Tuesday, and at 7 o'clock in the evening the Treasurer will make his financial statement. Mr Giblin deserves praise for losing no time in placing before the country his proposals for meeting the present circumstances of the colony. Judging from the circular forwarded to the various municipalities some proposal will be made to throw upon them the burden of maintaining their own paupers, but if Mr Giblin hopes to effect atiy great saving by moving in this direc tion he makes a great mistake, for such a proposal would hardly be likely to meet with the sanction of Parliament. Apart from the difficulty of deciding to which particular district certain paupers may belong, it must be patent to most people that such a measure would throw an un fair weight of the burden upon the towns of Hobart Town and Launceston. Paupers as a rule make for the towns, because there, when begging fails them, they can avail themselves of the provisions made by the Benevolent Society and Invalid Depot, consequently the towns would have to support not only their own paupers, but those also who have and will filter in from the municipalities. Mr Tarleton, Police Magistrate, has been appointed Master Warden by the Marine Board. As Mr Tarleton is not a " nautical man" Admiral Barnard retains the office of Nautical Assessor and Examiner until the Government appoint someone to fill the office. Admiral Barnard is likely to leave Tasmania shortly, and as the appointment rests with the Government the public will know when it is made. At the inquest on the body of the boy who was drowned at Cornelian Bay on New Year's Day, the jury added-a rider to their verdict inferentially castin4 blame upon the Superintendent of the Boys' Home for not making some personal effort to save the lad. It is only fair to state that under the circumstances of the case Mdr Reilly, who is an elderly man, could have done nothing to prevent the fatal termination of the accident. For his kindness and fatherly attention to the welfare of the lads under his charge Mr Reilly is noted, and he is often spoken of as " the right man in the right place" as master of the Boys' Home. Mr Holloway's Dramatic Company con tinues to draw good houses at the Theatre. During last week the sensational dramas " Under the Gaslight," " The Sea of Ice," and " ColleenBawn" have been placed upon the stage successfully. The excel lent mechanical effects and scenery by Messrs Perriman and Smith have been much praised, and it is to be hoped that the proprietors of the Theatre will avail themselves of the presence of a good scenic artist to secure a new drop scene to supply the place of the abominable daub by Fry, which now disgraces the stage. "Our Boys" was repeated before a fashionable audience and His Excellency the Governor on Friday evening. The principal feature of the week has been the course of lectures on " Light and Optics," commenced on Tuesday at the Town Hall by Professor Pepper, in the presence of Bis Excellency the Governor and family, and a good audience. Deal ing with these interesting subjects in a manner which enchains the attention of his audience,-the Professor has succeeded in imparting knowledge to his hearers and giving them a taste for more. Illustrated throughout with beautiful and brilliant experiments, conveying, in a large mea sure, through the eye the knowledge to be imparted, thelectures are proving to be the most delightful series of instructive entertainments ever., given in Hobart Town. The entertainments are divided into three parts, the first part being con fined to the scientific lectures referred to above, the second part to views with an oxyhydrogen lantern illus trating torpedo warfare and voyages through the air, which are highly interesting and bear constant repetition, and the third part to amusing sketches introducing the ghost-that entitled the artist's dream being decidedly the best, some of the illusions introduced being most startling and puzzling to the un initiated. Friday evening was chiefly devoted to the wonders of the micro scope and views of ancient and 'modern sculpture, which alone 'afforded a great treat to lovers of art. On Saturday afternoon a matinee was given, at which the lads from the Buys' Home were pre sent, having been thoughtfully invited by P the business manager, Mr Kennedy. I need hardly say that a fund of amuse ment was provided for the youngsters. Professor Pepper will appear in Launces ton about the 19th inst. for a short season only, and I strongly advise your citizens not to miss the lectured on "Optics I and Light" with which the Professor will open his entertainments. The Committee appointed to enquire Sinto the Flospitalicase referred to in my Slast, brought up a report in which it is Sacknowledged that Dr. Hall was right in \- deploring that Collins was removed from the Hospital in such arn extreme state of weakness, but the' evidence relieves the Sofficers of blame so far as the death of .Greed is cosmcerned. The investigation has'done some good, inasmuch as it has re vealed the fact that patients have been sent from the Hospital to the Invalid Depot without information being at' the same - time sent as to the malady the patient was suffering from at the time of such transfer. This is hardly likely to occur again.' Our new Superintendent of Police is Idoing his dtuty in a' manner 'which com mends the approval of the 'order living portion of the community. During last week three publicans were fined for Sun day traffic, and one for selling after hours Ion Saturday evening. The Police Magis trate took the opportunity to 'point out that while the law remains as it is, the pimblicans would be expected to keep within its limits, or must run the riisk of losing their licenses. 1 learn that the Orchestral Union have in' practice " The ErI King's daughter," whichwill form theprincipal partofthepro gramme for the next Subscription Concert. THEr GE~NERAL GBANT.-A correponden of the Bendigo Advertiserr says :-Our readers will doubtless remember the loss of the ship General Grant on the Auck land Isles some years ago, and that the few gurvivors of the wreck were on the islands and suffered'all sorts of privations many months before being rescued. ~The General Grant was a gold ship, arnd had on board a large quantity of the precious 'natal at the time she was sucked into the fatal cave' by the tide. Some time ago a party was fitted 'ost to try and re covet- this, gold,: but *failed, utterly failed, owing to the frightful weather experienced all round thme -islands, which lie far down below New Zealand. Bumt it ieems the hope has not been entirely abandoned by some of our adventurous spirits, and I hear that the idea has been again mooted to form a company to raise senfficient fnnds to fit out a thoroughly equipped veesel, with the necessary diving apparatus, &c.; The pro. meters, one of whom, is well acquainted with the neighbourhood of the islands, are sangusine of successi The dangers are no doubt grea, but the reward likewise is large, an i these day. of enterprise and mephanis invenition, nothing seems im possible. 