The Lord's Day, viewed in three Lights; RELIGIOUS, MORAI., AND SOCIAL. Bt ihe Yeby Ebv. W. M. Co\n?ERj Dean of Sydney. The following lecture was delivered before the members of the Young Men's Christian Association, Sydney, on Tuesday evening last : — The subject which I have undertaken, at the request of the committee of your association, to bring before you this evening, is one which I regard as of the deepest practical moment to us as Christians. I believe it to be most inti mately connected with the spiritual life of the individual Christian, and of the Church of Christ collectively, in all its branches ; with the spiritual prosperity of congregations and with the religious and moral welfare of nations and communi ties. And if I can succeed in imparting to you my own views, and in proving that they rest upon Scriptural and reason able foundations, I shall hope that ths result will be a deeper conviction of the immense value of the privileges we possess, and the necessity of guarding them with greater j( aloupy and more vigilant efforts. My subject is the Lord's Day. And I propose to place it before you in throe several aspects — the religious, the moral, and the social. But before we proceed so to view it, you will expect me io explain what I mean by the Lord's Day, how it is distin guished from other days, and upon what authority that distinction rests. These are points which I will endeavour first to make clear, in order that we may more properly understand what is to follow. What then is the day of which we speak ? It is that flay which, from the creation of the world, God marked off f i-om the other days of the week, and set apart as a day to be kept boly unto Himself, and_ to be observed by man as a day of rest and sacred worship. The story of Creation in the first page of the Bible, informs us that six days, or day-periods, were occupied by the Creator in the work which He had undertaken ; man, in tbe likeness of God, being the crowning point of the whole. God then rested from His work ; as an artist, when he has completed his design, ceases from working and surveys what he has done. ' And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it ; because that in it He had rested from all his work, which God created and made.' Gen. ii., 3. Ho blessed it by constituting it a day of blessinjr to man ; a day which, if rightly observed, would be the channel of special blessings to him ; and would bring those blessings home to him individually, and to his family. But he also sanctifled'it. He marked it off by a solemn consecration, claiming for Himself, on that day, in an especial manner, the homage and worship which are His due from ihe creatures which He has formed. And the reason given for the blessing and the consecration is that on that day He had ceased from the work of creation. The object therefore which He had in view was the weekly commemoration by man of what his Creator had done. The design was to keep that ever in mind, to prevent man from forgetting that by the will and power of a Personal God the universe had been brought into existence, and that He claims from His creatures praise and adoration and thanksgiving, and service And it would thus be a barrier against Atheism on the one hand and Idolatry on the other. This, we maintain, was the origin and design of the Lord's Day. It was no Jewish ordinance, given to and designed for that people only. It was made, as our Lord said, when He was defending his disciples from the charge brought against them by the Pharasees, tor man ; man as a race, not a tribe, nor a nation, but man in the wide sense of bunion kind, for it was intended to become a blessing alike to all. But here we are met with an objection. We are told that the statement in the 2nd chapter of Genesis regarding the blessing and sanctifying of the day, was made by anticipa tion ; that it was not then blessed and sanctified, but after wards, at the introduction of the Jowish dispensation. But this, surely, is doing violence to the most natural construc tion of the language, which is plainly historical, narrating events in their consecutive order from the first day till the seventh. Would any one, whose mind was not warped by a theory, put such an interpretation upon the words? * I cannot think ho would. I see no more reason for supposing that the blessing and. sanctifying of the seventh day was anticipatory of the giving of the law from Mount Sinai, than that the account of the institution of marriage is not a plain historical statement of what took place at the same period. But then, it is argued that we have no mention of the observance of such a day by the Patriarchs either before or after the flood. The silence of Scripture is not always a safe ground to build a theory upon. And when we consider the brevity of the history, and the paucity of the details, is it any wonder if we do not find any such mention there ? If, however, there are no notices' of the actual celebration of a Sabbath, or day of rest, there are very decided evidences of the division of time into periods of seven days. And it is hard to account for this, if it did not originate in the setting apart of the seventh day for holy uses, as indicated in the passage already quoted. When the Lord commanded Noah to enter the ark with his family, He told him that in ?seven days from that entrance he would cause it to rain upon the earth, and every living substance should perish. Twice, when the* flood had ceased, did Noah wait a period of seven days, before he sent the dove out of the ark to see if the waters 'were dried up. The custom of reckoning by seven days nppears also in the marriage festivities of Jacob, and in the mourning at his death by his son Joseph. And if wo look into the history of other ancient nations, we find this sep tenary division in existence ; in peoples who were not all likely to have borrowed it from the Israelites. It prevailed amongst nations and tribes situated in opposite hemispheres, and who had no communication with each other in historic periods. It existed in Egypt amongst all the Semitic nations, as well as India, and the south of Asia, as well as the north of Europe. (See Rawlinson's Herodotus). How can we account for this ? Was it from some general agreement to divide the lunar month into periods of seven days ? Seven is not the aliquot part of 29| days. It is merely the proximate part of a lunation, and while we might suppose that some one tribe or nation would be satisfied with an approximation, it is highly improbable that a great number of nations should have done so, without a common derivation. (liiblia Sacra, 1863.) It has been thought by others that the reckoning by'periods of seven days was due to astronomical science and to the cus tom of the heathen, to name the days of the week after their several deities. But this custom was by no moans universal, and the method of reckoning by weeks of days was more ancient than the knowledge of some of the Planets. So that this theory also is unsupported by reason able proof. We therefore fall back upon the Scripture testimony, and bold that the system of weekly periods of seven days is to oe traced most consistently to the Divine arrangement, wmch was coeval with the creation of man— the institution of a day of weekly rest and weekly worship of the Creator. WaptHid carried with them into the various countries in which they were dispersed the weekly period of time, but with the loss of the knowledge of the true God they lost also the knowledge of the sacred day which he had ordained. «.? P£fm? by these eariist timw- we comQ to a period in *ue worn s history, which we may well denominate an epoch, df riffi e °se ^ceetors were selected and set apart by a 'ireci call from God, and whom he had been nursing into a nation for 400 years, are called to play a part hitherto un Z? , ?. He designs to make them the depositories of His availed WlUj the keepers of His oracles ; tho preservers ♦l * t ru*n' **e enters into a solemn covenant with them *uat they shall be His people and that He will be their God, upon the condition that they keep His commandments and And what law does he first give them ? That which, uecause of its eternal obligations we call moral, as opposed io ceremonial. It is engraven upon tables of stone. It is Qeposited in the sacred ark, in the most holy place in the nijrt al Tabeniade of the Most High ; separating it from ail that was merely political, ceremonial, and temporary. in the midst of this lies embedded the law of the Sabbath Day, as a day of rest and holiness. It stands side by side with other parts of our duty to God and our neighbour ; side by side with the commands to believe in God, to rever «*ce His holy name, and to avoid idolatry, on tho one hand, and not to lie, to steal, or to commit adultery on the other. How is it possible to regard such a law as a Judaical institu tion merely, one which when it had served its temporary purpose was, like the others, to pass away ? It is to be remembered also that before the giving of the moral law from Mount Sinai, God distinguished the day in a most remarkable manner, by withholding the supply of miraculous food on that day, while He granted a double portion on the sixth. The people gathered that double portion on the sixth day ; and when the rulers came and reported the fact to Moses, he spoke of the Sabbath as an institution already existing, however it might have been disregarded in Egypt. This is that which the Lord hath said, ' To-morrow is the rest of the holy Sabbath unto the Lord.' This is not the language of one introducing a new law, but of one referring to an old. Are we not justified then in maintaining that the Lord's Day is coeval with the creation of man F that it is a Divine * Institution, a day blessed and hallowed by the Creator ? But is the ordinance binding upon man under the Christian dispensation? Those who maintain the nega tive ought to show some clear proof that it has been abolished by the same authority, which ordained it. But have they done so ? Can they do 60 ? We admit, nay more, we maintain, that it was laid upon the people of Israel as a special enactment, and enforced by certain special considerations. But this was subsequent to the promulgation of the moral law. The reason given in the 5th chapter of Deuteronomy — ' Remem ber that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and that the Lord thy God brought thee out through a mighty hand and by an outstretched arm ; therefore the Lord thy God commanded thee to keep the Sabbath Day.' This was an additional reason why they, as a nation, should observe the day as a day of rest and of holy convocation. And well i6 it remarked by Professor Blunt (Undesigned Coincidences, p. 21), that ' such sup plementary sanctions to the performance of a duty, however well adapted to secure the obedience of the Israelites, are quite consistent with a previous command addressed to all, and binding upon all.' We admit also, that that the weekly Sabbaths as well as the other Sabbaths of the Israelites, had for them, both a civil and ritual aspect ; and so far it was of temporary obli gation. But we must take care to distinguish between these uses and that which is moral and universal. Upon this point Calvin says : ' We must distinguish be tween what belongs to the perfect government of human life, and what properly belongs to ancient figures, the use of which was abolished when tho truth was fulfilled. So far as the Sabbath was a figure of the rest in Christ, it was for a season ; but, inasmuch as it was commanded to all men from the beginning to employ it in the worship of God, it is right that it should continue to the end of the world.' And when our blessed Lord came into the world, and brought us laws from heaven, what did He say ? Where in any of the Gospels did He teach that this great law was to be* abrogated ? Did He not announce, in the hearing of the multitudes, that He had not come to abrogate the law, but to fulfil it ? And does not the context show that He spoke of the moral law, not the ceremonial ? Did He not distinguish between the superstitious and burdensome trivialities with which Scribes and Pharisees had over loaded that blessed day, and its grand and glorious essence, when He said, ' The Sabbath .was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath ? ' And did He not speak of the Sabbath as continuing under the Christian dispensation when, referring to the destruction of Jerusalem, He gave this admonition to His disciples — ' Pray ye that your flight bo not on the Sab bath ?' Mat. xxiv., 2*0. If this was not so — if it was His purpose that one of the Ten Commandments should cease to be a part of the moral law after His kingdom should be set up in the world, it seems strange indeed that He should not have said so, but have led His followers to believe the contrary. There is an admirable sermon upon the Christian Sab bath, by the late Dr. Chalmers, published in a volume of sermons' preached by him in St. John's Church, Glasgow, in which ho deals with the question in his usual masterly style. It contains an argument which has always appeared to me unanswerable. Briefly it is this: The change which takes place in the heart of man when he is brought from a state of alienation from God into a state of reconciliation with God, through Jesus Christ, is a change from disobedience to obedience — from enmity to the law of God to the love of that law. The Spirit, true to his office, writes .that law in his heart, gives him a love to it in its entirety ; and the man, acted upon by the Holy Spirit, runs with delight in the way of all those commandments ; and therefore he maintains that every real Christian has the love of the Sabbath engraven on the tablet of his inner man, and that if you had a window to his bosom you would see there the Fourth Commandment filling up as large a space in that epistle which is written with the Spirit of the living God as it docs on the decalogue of Moses. Now, if this be so, bear in mind that it is the [fulfilment of the promise of God respecting the new covenant which He said by the prophet Jeremiah He would make with the house of Israel, and which the writer of tho Epistle to the Hebrews quotes as fulfilled under the Gospel : — ' I will put my laws in their mind,' God says, 'and will write them in their hearts.'' Is not the law of the Sabbath one of these? And is not this a prophecy in effect of the continuance of that Sab bath, with new sanctions, under the dispensation of Christ ? But the day has been changed ; and for this change we have no positive enactment, only the perpetual practice of the Church from the Apostolic age. But by whom was it introduced ? Clearly by the inspired Apostles, who founded and governed, as well as instructed, the Churches : and therefore, with their authority. The way in which it began was this. Christ, our Lord, having accomplished the re demption of the world, by the atonement which he offered, lay in the grave until the'old Sabbath was past ; but, as soon as* the morning of the first day of the week began to dawu, He rose triumphant, the Founder of a New Creation, tho Author of a New Life, the Fountain of Light, salvation aud joy to all who should believe in Him. It was on this day that He showed himself in this new character to his followers, nnd again on the eighth day, further to confirm and estab lish their faith. From that time onward the disciples, we gather from the New Testament, observed the first day of the week for their solemn worship and for breaking of bread in commemoration of their Lord's death. See Acts xx., G, 7 ; 1 Cor., xvi., 1, 2. After a time this day, so wonderfully distinguished, so radiant with the glories of His resurrection and the out pouring of the Spirit on the day of Pentecost, became known by the title of the Lord's Day : a day peculiarly His, as the seventh day had been under the old dispensa tion. ' I was in the Spirit,' says the Apostle Johu, ' ou the Lord's Day.' Rev. i., 10. But, notwithstanding all this, it is maintained by some that there was no obligation recognized in apostolic times to keep any day, whether seventh or first. And passages are referred to in the Epistles to the Galatians, the Colossians, and the Romans, to support this view ; but, to quote the words of Bishop Horsley, ' the Sabbaths which St. Paul speaks against in writing to the Colossians were not the Sundays of the Christians, but the Saturdays and other Sabbaths of the Jewish calendar.' And when, in his Epistle to the Romans, he speaks of it as a matter of in difference whether some particular days were observed or not, he speaks of Jewish festival days, from which some of the converts were not yet weaned, but not of the Lord's Day. That day stood far above all such days as those. Divine in ite origin, consecrated by the Most High, and guarded with the most solemn sanctions, designed for the most exalted and most benevolent purposes, interwoven with the glory of God and the good ot man, it admits of no peer, of no rival. It is unique in its character. If rightly observed, ten thousand blessings flow from it upon man, of what soever nation he may bo, in whatsoever clime or country he may dwell. And ten thousand woes attend its violation, blighting the souls and darkening the hearts of the desecrators. I have thus, I trust, made plain the true character of the Lord's Day, and have shown that it rests upon no less than Divine authority. Coeval with the creation of man, it has never ceased to exist, although the day has been changed from the seventh in the week to the first, that it might include the commemoration of the new creation with the old, (if the redemption of a. fallen world with the completion of one in which sin had no place. But the day renrains as the day of the Lord — one which He claims for His own and regards as sacred to Himself. I now proceed to consider the day in three lights ; and, first, as regards religion. Now, the first thing which strikes us when we look at it in this light is that it is of itself a religious institution. It is a day specially designed to connect man with God, and to bind him by sacred links to his Creator and Redeemer. It is too much the fashion, I think, at the present time to regard this blessed day as a rest for man rather than as a day for worshipping God. Undoubtedly it was designed to be a weekly rest from toil, a relaxation of mind and body from the cares and secularities which burden us on the other six days of the week. But its first and highest purpose was, and is, to supply man with a regular and stated opportunity of holding .communion with his Maker, and of setting forth His praise.* A God of Infinite Love and Wisdom has seen fit to combine the two objects, and has thus taught us that our surest welfare and highest happiness are to be found in aiming to glorify Him. So far as regards the* physical rest, I may perhaps be allowed here to say that we hold it to be most important and a necessity of our nature. Without it, man suffers both in mind and body. The strain upon his constitution is such that it gives way prematurely, is enfeebled, and not unfrequently totally destroyed. Upon this subject an eminent London physician, Dr. Farre, gave the following evidence to a committee of the House of Commons, in the year 1832 : — ' Although the night apparently equalizes the circulation well, yet it does not sufficiently restore the balance for the attainment of a long life. Hence, one day in seven is thrown in by the bounty of Providence as a day of com pensation, to perfect by its repose tho animal system. Physiologically considered, power saved is power gained, and the waste of power from every kind of excitement defeats the purposes of the day. You may easily determine this question as a matter of fact by trying it upon beasts of burden. Take that fine animal the horse, and work him to the full extent of his powers every day of the week, or give him rest one day in seven, and you will soon perceive, by the superior vigour with which he performs his functions on the other six days, that the rest is necessary to his wellbeing. Alan, possessing a superior nature, is borne along by the vigour of his mind, go that the injury of continued, diurnal exertion and excite ment on his animal system is not so immediately apparent as it is in the brute. But, in the long run, he breaks down more suddenly ; it abridges the length of his life and that vigour of his old age which (as to mere animal power) ought to be the object of his preservation. This is said simply as a physician, and without reference to the theological question.' The opinion thus expressed by Dr. Farre has been abundantly supported by others who have a right to be heard. When it was proposed to open the Crystal Palace on Sundays, 641 medical men of London signed a petition to the British Parliament, which contained these words : — ' Your petitioners, from their acquaintance with the labouring classes and with the laws which regulate the human economy, are convinced that a seventh day rest, in stituted by Goa and coeval with the existence of man, is essential to the bodily and mental vigour of men in every station of life.' To these medical testimonies I add those of two eminent statesmen of the present century : — Sir Robert Peel said : 'I never knew a man to escape failure, either in mind or body, who worked seven days in a week.' Mr. Gladstone, in a debate in the House of Commons, said: 'From a long experience of a laborious life, he had become most deeply impressed with the belief, to say nothing of a higher feeling, that the alternation of rest and labour, at the short intervals which were afforded by the merciful and blessed institution of Sunday, was a necessity for the retention of a man's mind and of a man's frame in a condition to discharge his duties.' And what says Samuel Smiles, in his work entitled 'The Huguenots,' of the population in France, where this weekly rest is unknown ? He says : ' When the Revolution abolished Saints' Days aud Sabbath Days alike, Sunday work became an established practice. The museums and galleries are open on Sun days, but you look for the working people in vain. They are at work in the factories, whose chimneys are smoking as usual ; or building houses, or working in the fields, or they' are engaged in the various departments of labour. The Government works all go on as usual on Sundays. The railway trams run precisely as on week days. As you pass through the country on Sundays, you see the people toiling in the fields. Their continuous devotion to labour cannot fail to have a deteriorating effect upon their physical as well as upon their social condition. And this, wo believe, it iB which, gives to the men, and especially to the women, of the country the look of a prematurely old and over worked race.' But, while we hold the Sunday rest to be thus necessary for man's physical and mental wellbeing, this, I again say, is not its first and higher purpose. Bear in mind that, when it was instituted in Paradise, man was yet an unfallon being. In his sinless state he was to observe this rest ; to lay aside the occupation of the other days, and to devote this to God. And why? Doubtless as a part of that homage which his Maker required him to render ; and may it not also have been to confirm and strengthen him in all those duties which he owed to his God, and to render him more watchful against temptation? He was a creature liable to fall ; and his strength to resist was to be derived from above. Here then was a day constantly recurring, at stated intervals, when he might repair to the Eternal fountain and obtain from it invigorating power. The cultivation of religion then is the main object of the day. And most admirably is it adapted to this end. The business of ordinary life being laid aside, time and oppor tunity are given for the pursuit of all those things by wnich the religious life is cherished and sustained. And it is our ow n fault if we do not use them. First of all, we have Itifiire for calm and serious thought upon the works and ways of God. Wo can meditate upon His attributes, His churactcr, His providence, the relation in which we stand Ui Him, the blessings which He has bestowed upon us, and the duties which He requires at our hands. In connection with this we can reflect vpon'and examine our own position and character ; how far we are fulfilling the purposes for which we have been created and redeemed, the duties which we owe to God and man, our errors, our omissions, our defects and sins; and put forth new and more strenuous efforts to do right. AVe can ascertain these things more fully than at other times, confess our trans gressions, and obtain pardon. Such a day affords us also opportunities for investigations into t he nature and meaning -f the Mcvelation ichich God has given to us in His Word. What a grand and glorious possession have we in that Word ! God unveiled to man. His true character dis played. His attitude toward our fallen and sinful race. His righteous government of the universe. His infinite condescension and love. His infinitesimal care for the meanest of His creatures. His incomprehensible patience and longsuffering with this guilty and rebellious world. That marvel of marvels, that Ho sent His only begotten Son into it to die, and by dying to redeem and reconcile it unto Himself. And, then, the glorious hopes, the mighty privileges, the everlasting wonders which spring from this ! What can we say of the Book which unfolds these things? Ah ! men in their ignorance of its blessings may scoff at and ridicule its pretensions ; they may criticise and condemn what they regard as its blemishes and faults ; they may charge it with inconsistency and unreason. But revealing to me, as it does, such wonders as these — a God so glorious, so perfect, so inconceivably excellent above all that reason ever imagined — I see it stamped with an impress Divine, and I will cling to it with faith and love as the charter of my freedom, my guide in life, my polestar to the eternity beyond. What we want is to understand it more clearly, to grasp more fully the truths which it unfolds, and learn how to apply its teaching and directions to our wants and necessi ties. The Lord's Day gives us opportunity for this : and thus supplies us with another most important means of ad vancing our religious culture and of growing in knowledge, faith, and likeness to God. It is a day, moreover, for private devotion. By this I mean direct and personal communion with God in prayer, praise, and thanksgiving. These will be called forth by the thoughts, meditations, and reflections of which I have just spoken, while they are the proper and just expressum of the feelings, and the homase of a mind rightly disposed. The soul thus unburdens itself of its cares, its troubles, it s anxieties and fears. It thus gives utterance to its wants, and seeks to have them supplied. It pours forth its adora tion and gratitude for the mercies which it has received. It rises and soars info higher and holier regions than those of earth, and realizes its true dignity in fellowship with its Almighty Father through His Son, by the Eternal Spirit. And then, besides all this, the Lord's Day in its religious aspect is the grand means and support of public relxgwm tn the land. You can hardly imagine, my friends, what would be the effect upon the open and public avowal of Christian principles if this holy day were (obliterated. Now, we meet together in our various Christian assemblies and churches, and worship the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, testifying our faith in Him and our allegiance to Christ. In the words of Bishop Horsley, 'By keeping a Sabbath, we'acknowledge a God and declare we are not atheists ; by keeping one day in seven, we protest against idolatry and acknowledge that God who in the beginning made the heavens and the earth ; and by keeping1 our Sabbath on the first day of the week, we protest against Judaism and acknowledge that God who sent His only begotten Son to redeem mankind.' And we may further say that, how much soever we may differ upon some points, all true Christians are agreed in believing in the Eternal Trinity of Persons in the Godhead, in the True Deity and Incarnation of the Son of God, in His all-sufficient Atonement for our sins, and His Redemption of mankind by His death upon the cross. They believe also in the Holy Ghost as the Lord and Giver of all spiritual life. But suppose the public declaration of these truths and the principles which flW from them were left to be made only at any time which might be convenient to individual con gregations, without any day fixed and set apart for the purpose; suppose it were left a matter of indifference whether euch* open recognition of them were made or not; and suppose men's time to be so occupied with the ordinary business of life that inconveniences would arise from leaving it, — would not the effect be most disastrous as time went ou ?— would not the knowledge of the True God, and of His Word and Will, ho gradually effaced, and religious faith bo confined to a comparatively few here and there ? We know what has taken place in the remote districts of our own interior in days gone by ; we know that these very results have arisen there from the want of any public recognition of the Lord's Day, and the preaching of Hia Word, and the administration of sacraments. And we may therefore safely infer what would happen upon a larger scale, with similar causes in operation. Depend upon it, my friends, you owe to tho Lord's Day, and to the Divine law upon which it rests, no small measure of the Christian privileges which you possess— no small degree of the Christian faith which exists in the land. O, cherish it with all the warmth of your affections, with all the depth of your gratitude ; use it with all the care which its im portance demands ; defend and guard it as an inheritance of inestimable value to yourselves and your children. But I must ask you to look at it now in its bearings upon morality. How is this affected by it ? Between morals and religion there is a very intimate con nection. All true morality is based upon religious prin ciple, and is supported by it. Where no religious prin ciple prevails, morality is regarded more as a matter of expediency than of obligation. It may be convenient ; it may be profitable ; but it will be followed only so far as self-interest may prompt. Now, if we regard morality as the proper outcome of pure religion, and if the due observance of the Lord's Day is one of the most potent means of promoting and upholding true Christianity, does it not follow that the due observancoof the day is a powerful agent in purifying the morals of a people ? This I hold to be an indisputable fact. Look at those countries in which morals are the purest. Are they not those in which the Lord's Day and its attendant ordinances are best observed ? Look at those in which these are held in least esteem, and it is most largely desecrated. Are not morals in these at a far lower ebb ? Where is domestic life the purest? In what countries do we find the smallest amount of illegitimacy ? Where is there the greatest regard for human life ? Where are the wants of the poor and needy most considered ? Where do benevolence and com passion most thrive ? 'Where is the true brotherhood of man most thought of and most largely promoted ? Where is the idea of justice most predominant ? Unhesitatingly I assert where the blessed influences of God's holy day are most powerfully exercised. On this holy day men meet together in the presence of their Maker on a footing of equality. There is a cessation of the jarring and tumult of the week, of the strifes and contentions of rival interests, of the manifold workings of selfish feelings and passions, and the varied efforts by which one seeks to gain advantage over another. Wo are loi to look upon our neighbours with less jealousy, as partakers of a common humaiiity. heirs of the same weaknesses, the same wants, the same sorrows, and needing alike the same Helper. Does not all this tend io soften'the heart, to draw out the sympathies, and to cultivate a regard for our com mon rights, and to make us more regardful of them 'i And when to this you add the fact that the purest morality is taught from the pulpits of the laud, and the duties of men towards each other, in all the relations of life, are constantly receiving more or less of illustration by those who minister to the people, the effect can hardly bo otherwise than to exalt and purify that morality, to extend its scope, and to build it upon a surer foundation. Where the rights of God arc upheld, the rights of man will not ba forgotten. If we wish to test this by experience, let us take a certain number of families, of any rank or class in life, in which the holy day is kept in obedience to the Divine command, and a certain number of others in which an opposite course is pursued ; and let us mark the contrast. You will fini that, upon the whole, there will be a very evident superiority in the moral tone of those in which the Lord's Day was kept over those by whom it was desecrated. You will find, cater is paribtis, kindlier and purer affections in the former; habits of obedience, and order and submission to parental authority; of truth, integrity, and justice; of reverence, nnd thoughtfulness, and consideration for others. While in the latter, man}' of these will be wanting ; and the love of pleasure, self- indulgence, and self -gratification, will pre dominate. But I am )hus brought to tho social aspect of tho Lord's Day. And upon this I need not dwell at any length. It is, however, an important aspect, not to be lost sight of. I was reading not long ago an essay upon the temporal advantages of the Sabbath by a journeyman shoemaker, and I was struck with the following passage : — ' He who imagines that the poor man does not enjoy a large share of happiness labours under a great mistake. Let him enter the humble cottage in which he dwells. He discovers, it is true, nothing of the splendid furniture that adorns the house of his wealthier neighbours ; he beholds nothing of the dazzling pomp of worldly honour, and his ears arc not distracted with the peals of laughter which echo from the votaries of pleasure. But he will find there com fort that belongs not to^ the rich, contentment that enters not into the hearts of the men of honour, and pleasure which cannot be felt, at the house of mirth. ' That the Sabbath has much to do with all tkis will appear evident when we consider that during the week the family is divided. Tho children are either at work or at school during tho greater part of the week, and the father at his daily avocation. He rises early in the morning, and returns late at night, tired and exhausted, and therefore ill qualified to spread happiness throughout the family circle, and unable to participate to any extent in the comforts of fireside conversation ; indeed, many scarcely see their chil dren until Sunday comes. But mark the difference now The workman has thrown off his livery of the workshop cleansed his body, and clothed himself in his best attire ; his house is put in order, and his children return from the Sunday-school. Who can enter into the feelings of the father whilst listening to the innocent tale of the child upon bis lap, then drawing a lesson from the story, and enforcing it with all the affection which a parent feels upon the minds of the little assembly. Or, perhaps, hearing from the lips of his beloved wife an account of the behaviour of each, luring the week : then mildly reproving or cautiously com manding ; after which all join their voices in a song of praise. ' During the week friends are separated. One man has to labour in the fields, another in houses ; and many, in their capacity of servants, only go out on Sundays. The Sabbath, therefore, is the only day on which these parties can enjoy friendly intercourse and conversation. Now it will not be lenied that friendly intercourse promotes happiness, espe cially when the conversation is on such subjects as are likely to be introduced on the Lord's Day. Nor will it be lenied that the interchange of thought which takes place when friend meets friend tends to the improvement of the mind and also to tho cultivation of civility and politeness. If, then, friendly intercourse cultivates politeness, improves Ihe mind, and promotes happiness ; and if the Sabbath is the only day on which that can. take place among th.Q work* inp classes,— it follows that they arc indebted to the Sabbath for the benefit arising from such intercourse. ' These observations will probably have greater weight with some persons, considering who the writer was, than any words of mine. And it is for this reason that I have quoted them. They were the experience, no doubt, of 'a working man.' And they point out what must be patent to all— that there are great social advantages in a day thus observed. It unites the members of a family ; it promotes friendliness and harmony in a neighbourhood; it has. a refininc and civilizing: effect upon the mind and manners of a people. And all this tends to elevate them in the social scale, to teach them srlf-respect, as well as respect one for another ; to promote the best and happiest feeling, and so to advance the common welfare. But, in estimating the social advantages of the day, we may also call to mind the opportunity it gives to large num bers of persons for self-improvement, by the cultivation of their minds in connection with such reading and.study as are appropriate. The Book of books would have been to many unknown if it had not been for lhe instruction given them on this day. It would have been to many more a book whose contents were little known, and with whose grand developments they were unacquainted, had they not made themselves ac quainted with them on this day. There have been multitudes who were indebted to the Sunday-school for the first start in their educational career, while thousands would never have formed any acquaintance with the vast Christian literature which has come down to us from past ages but for ihe leisure which they found upon the Christian Sabbath. But I mu6t not prolong my lecture. 1 have already occupied too much of j-our time, and. 1 will now draw it to a conclusion. I trust that the views which I have brought before you concerning the origin, the character, and the perpetuity of the Lord's Day have not been unsustaincd by valid reasons and by arguments drawn from the final court of appeal — the inspired Word of God. I trust that I have also pointed out some, nt least, of the many blessings which are attached to it, religiously, morally, and socially. I am well aware that these might have been dealt with by others more clearly, more fully, and in much more forcible language. But if I have succeeded in awakening your attention and suggesting trains of thought, still more if I have put you upon the right track of inquiry, I shall be thankful. I am persuaded that the value of this holy day is to the Church and to mankind inestimable. I am persuaded that it is one of the grand conservators of Christ's religion on the earth. And if it should ever so happen that the Church of Christ shall strip it of its Divine authority, and treat it as though it were no more than a Church holiday, which has no more than human authority to rest upon, the time will not be far distant when the words of the Saviour will be fulfilled— When the Son of Man conieth, shall He find faith on the earth ? Young men of Australia, what will you do with this blessed day? Will you remember it to keep it holy, or will you turn it into a day of worldly pleasure, of animal recreation, or carnal amusement V We do not desire to make it a day of gloom or eadncss. For that is contrary to its true character. It is a day of joy. But we do desire you to employ it m that it shall fulfil the purposes of God in 3pou, and lead to the purification of your hearts, the eleva tion of your characters, and ennoble and dignify you as men. We want you to do your best, also, to rescue this blessed day from indignities which are put upon it, and irotn the desecration which prevailsso widely — a desecration by labours which are ?unnecessary, by journeyings which have no justi fiable cause, by employments which accord not with the spirit of the day, by amusements which violate its principle, and by a tone and behaviour which contradict it altogether. Beware how you fall into any such ways yourselves; beware how you connive at or make light of them in others. The first false step is often fatal. Remember the limits which the Lord himself has placed of works which may be done lawfully on His day— works which are necessary, works which relate to God's worship, and works which are of mercy to man. Let no other have your consent or approval. Beware of the effeat of your example upon others, and see that it be such that they may be led by it only to good, and not to evil. But, above all, my friendB, aim at securing the largest amount of spiritual good by the consecration of the day to the Lord's service. Make the most of it that you can. Prepare for it before it comes, and then employ it dili gently, prayerfully, watchfully, that it may 6hed forth upon you the streams of blessing with -which it is charged. Ats individuals, as citizens, and as members of the common wealth, let it be seen that you are in earnest, and that you desire that this colony may derive from it the same bless ings as other lands have done ; that it may be elevated, purified, and made happy by means of the observance, in its true spirit, of the Lord's Day. 