. THE DISTRESS IN IRELAND. , rUBLIC MEETING IN THE FREEMASONS' HALL. In accordance with the desire of a numerously and influentialiy signed requisition, a public meeting, presided over by His "Worship the Alayor of, Sydney (Mr. Robert Fowler), was held in the Freemasons' Hall, Inst night, for the purpose -of considering the best means of nllcvinting the dire distress at present existing in Ireland. The building was densely crowded by a sympathetic audience, und amongst those on the plntform were the Hon. Sir Alfred Stephen, Lieutenant-Governor, K.C.At.G.. AI.L.C. ; Sir George Wigrnm Allen, K.C.M.Cr. ; Captain Alathicu, Commissioner- General of France ; Cnptain Cave, of the French war ship Rhin ; His Grace Archbishop Vnughnn, Hon.AV. B. Daliey, AI.L.C., Sir John Hay, K.C.M.G., Rev. Jaincs Jcffcris, LL.B., Hon. William Arnc- lcay, AI.L.C., Rev. Rabbi Davis, tlic Hon. Angus Alackay, his Honor Judge Faueett, Alessrs. 1'. A. Jennings, . C.AI.G., S. W. Gray, M.P., AI. Filzpatrick, AI.L.A., Thomas Buekland, John See, J.P., Montagu Levey, W. Eilnrd, John Hourigan, J. P., Ed. Hordcrn,. Ernest E. Waters, J. Trevor Jones, A. J. Kiss, Adrian C., Mountain, AIoss Saber, Joseph It. Clayton, W. Wynne, Patrick Stanley, J.P., John Woods, J.P., Alicliaci Chapman, J. P., Benjamin Alorris, Patrick Hogan, J.P., J. Hennickcr Hoaton, J. Alooynart Lynch, A. Bayliss, J. R. Casey, J. R. Dibbs, "John T. Toohcy and Air. Daniel O'Connor, AI.L.A., hon. secretaries. His Worship the AIayoii, who presided, com menced by rending tlic advertisement convening the meeting, after .which lie stated, amidst loud applause, that lie had received from his Excellency the Governor a letter, of -which tlio following is a copy . "Government House, January 12, 1880. , " Sir, — I beg to express to you, nnd to request you to coihriiunicate to the meeting nt which you are to preside to-day, my heartfelt 'appreciation of the generous feelings which have moved Her AInjesty's loyal subjects of Sydney to come forward to -the assistance of (heir distressed and suffering fellow- countrymen in Ireland. " It is not tho first time that the citizens of Sydney 'have evinced their noble sympathy iii behalf of suffering humanity, nnd the generous nil! they are now about to render will hot'dnly elicit the gratitude of the Irish people, but it -will strengthen those national bonds of fraternal fellow ship which' '-bind them together with their Irish brethren ns members of one family, lo will, also remain an imperishable memorial of their patriot ism and of their generous liberality to tiie Irish nation in the dark hour of its distress. " I beg to enclose a cheque for £25 as my sub scription to tiie fund .' in aid of the distress in Ireland, and I beg to remain, sir, your obedient servant,1 - "ApaUSTUS LOFTUS. "To the Right Worshipful the Mayor of Sydney." Ilis WonSHlP next announced the names of a few gentlemen from whom ho' had received sub scriptions, whose names will appear with tho others in the published list of contributions. Those before him were assembled for the purpose benefit ing a race remarkable for its hospitality ; and it was an old saying that a man might walk from one'enil of Ireland to the other without a sixpence in his pocket. It was only right, then, lie eon- tended,. to help those who so cheerfully helped others. His Worship then called on Sir Alfred Stephen, who moved — 11 That this meeting,. having heard of the great distress existing among vast numbers of our fellow-subjects in Ire land; desires to express its deep sympathy with the sufferers," In doing so he hoped from the object which had called them together, and .the feeling that pervaded the vast assemblage before him, the meeting would not cud without a practical demonstration of sympathy with the suffering Irish. For some time it had liccu doubted whether the dis tress in that country had been sogrcatns was stated, but it was now generally ndmittcd that it was ex ceedingly great, nnd that thousands had before their eyes all the horrors of impending famine ; whilst it was well known that famine was almost in variably followed by disease nnd death in their most horrible form. When it was known that llie distress was so great, and that the sufferers were friends, not enemies, no argument was wanted to show that an attempt ought to be made to save them from misery and death. There would bo other speakers who would have more important resolutions to move, ones that would call upon them to show, in a practical way, the degree of sympathy they felt with the sufferers. It was not becoming of any individual to speak of himself, but lie could not help saying he rejoiced at seeing so vast an assemblage with the feeling that pervaded it. It was a credit to the colony, and he was proud of being every inch a eulouist. (Loud cheers.) But it would nut be crcditnbie if nuy arguments were necessary to carry the resolu tion which lie proposed. The Hon. W. B. Dallky, AI.L.U., seconded the resolution, saying it would lie hard indeed if any arguments required to lie added to what had fallen from liis lion, friend the Lieutenant- Governor, and it would be somewhat impudent to trespass 011 tho time of so many persons as those ho saw before him. No cry of the kind that now came from Ireland had here been heard and un answered, and 110 want of the kind had Iwen unre lieved. The people of New 8011th Wales had es tablished a claim 011 tho esteem of mankind in general by assisting those who suffered through the inscrutable dispensation of 1'i-ovidciiee. (Cheers.) The colony had at various times taken part 111 tlic re lief of common humanity, and it was now invited to assist in relieving a people, tbat had several times been subjected to. an exceptional share of dist ress ; a people that had taken its part in establishing and consolidating tho British Empire all over the world, and been 110 less profuse of its geniiiH than of its blood. (Loud applause.) With characteristic generosity Iter Majesty the Queen had already forwarded a munificent contribution towards the relief of the distressed, and the citizens of Sydney have now an opjioi-tunily not only of expressing their sympathy with distress, but also of proving.their loyalty to their Queen. (Loud cheers.) The resolution was put and carried unanimously. Arciibisiiop Yauohan, who was received witli loud and protracted cheering, moved — "That a fund for the relief of the sufferers he now formed, to be called 'The Irish Distress Relief Fund,' ami that the proceeds be forwarded by tiie hon. trea surer to llie Right Worshipful the Lord Mayor of Dublin.'' . His Grace said that when Air. Daniel . O'Connor called on him a short time pre'vioii'sly, and asked him to attend the meeting that night, .lie had. readily accepted the invitation jjandtwheii he had aincc thought over the distress and pictured to himself the sufferings of the Irish, he. came to the conclusion that lie would double the amount of the subscription lie had intended giving. (Cheers.) It would give him very great pleasure in a 'very: short time to present his AVorship the Alayor. with. £100 in aid of the fund. (Renewed cheers.) There was a saying 111 Italy to tho effect that all 'were made of the same paste, the same human nature; and his doubling his subscription might make some of those before him double theirs. His first thought was of Ireland,- and' liis second of O'C'onncll, as tho names were inseparable. lie pictured To himself that great man, with his splendid physique, bent down and heart broken by tlic Irish famine of ISIti and 18-17 ; and lie asked himself why that large and tender heart had been broken.' It was because be thoroughly understood the nature and extent of tlic distress Hint was being experienced. If lie (Dr. Vnughan) had only known it as well perhaps he would feel, it ns much. The first thing that struck one in con nection with tiie Irish was their great hospitality. (Cheers.) Curran, in describing it, said that the hospitality of others was necessitated and conven tional, whilst that of the Irish eaine straight from that from which came all their" virtues and their vices — t lie heart. They were tender and loving; they were ge- clous and they gave; they were sociable and tlicy were hospitable. Those were the opiuions of one who spoke from experience. Another writer, Giles, in speaking of the Irish, stilted that theirs was a hospitality sacred and peculiar, unknown to the weal thy and the noble. They gave, not of their superfluity, but of their scarcity. J0I111 Bright had stated that in 1(5 years tlicy sent from America to their old homes across tlic water no less a sum than 13 mil lions sterling. (Cheers.) The Irish were not only hospitable, but brave and humane, ns was shown at the siege of Limerick, where tlicy distinguished themselves for theirgallantry and humanity. After an attack had been made, and an advantage gained by them, they saw that the hospital was on lire; and, instead of following up their success, they waited to carry every Englishman and Brnndeii- berger out of the burning building. (Cheers.) That humanity should now lie returned to them . O'Coiiuell's knowledge of tho.-.e people made him love them so tenderly, and his sympathy with them made ltini break liis heart. Dr. Vauglian then proceeded to give heart rending descriptions of the fearful sufferings of the Irish on the oeensions of previous famines, showing kow the miserable inhabitants had been seen crawling in tlic glens and woods on their hands and feet, as they were unable to walk ; iiow their faces looked like those of ghosts; how they fed 011 dead carrion, and even on their dead,. -cran ing the I aid ics from llie graves, so fierce were the pangs of their hunger ; and how children were jilaced 011 dunghills lo die of fever. These were only some of the sufferings these great people hud gone through. He then referred mora particularly to the more recent sufferings experienced by lliein in the years 18 115 nnd 1817, when a blight'passed over the land, and tlie.faces of the people were stamped with silent, stolid despnir, knowing that they were only. to sink" into early graves. „ Tlicy fell nslecp and dreamt of festivities, hut woke up to famine and death.. When lie thought of all those tilings ; lie' liiado' ; up , liis mind to do ail he ; possibly 1 could to' fcilevc the suffering Irish, people. (Cheers. It might bo asked what had the sufferings he had referred to to do with the present? Tlicy had evefythitife to: do with it, as the existing famine-might be' as bad as those of which he had spoken: ; Ho: drew n feeling., picture, of the- Irish mother; with lier shrivelled hands clasped and stretched out towards this country, crying for aid from our land of flocks and gold — crying foThe.Englisb, with whom the I Irish had frequently fought under thesamc banner, ns well as to the Scotch. To the Irish she cried ; that tlic hand of the Lord lind dealt hardly with, her, nnd she begged not to .bo allowed to die out. His Grace ooneluded hy quoting Goldsmith's well- known lines, ending— . Princes antl peers mny Sourish nnd mny fade, A lircath enn mnkc them-- 03 sbrenth lias mnde ; , But n bold peasantry, their country's pride, ' If once destroyed can never be supplied. - Ilis Grace stated 'that he would have a collection made iu aid of Hie fund in question in every church in his archdiocese. Sir George MToram Allen, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, briefly observed that lie would not risk lessening the effect of so eloquent an appeal as that which had just been made, but would content himself by most cordially seconding the resolution, which was then put nnd carried. Alibis stage, Air. O'Connor, AI.L.A., one of the I1011. secretaries, announced that Afr. Hughes, manager of the Bnnk of Australasia, lind kindly promised to send by telegraph, free of charge, on the following day, all moneys that might be collected that night. - - Sir John Hat, President of the Legislative Council moved — ' That the Alayor and nldcrmcn of Sydney bo appointed a committee, with power to add to their number, to enrry out tlic foregoing' resolution." He spoke at a. time when some dis turbance nrosc near hiin, consequent on the exces sive crushing near the entrance, and was beard, with difficulty. lie remarked that it was quite unnecessary for him to address those present at any length, nnd ' it 1 was altogether unnecessary to address the Irish who were present. Ho spoke only to liis own country men, nnd tliosolrom the other side of the Channel. Assistance was asked, and it should not be asked in vain. Help should lie given in distress. The Irish, English, nnd Scotcli were all one — (loiul cheers)— and tlicy should, live, and die .together. Tlicy should support one another, especially iii any such great calamity as the 'present, nnd all should unite in preventing- the return of such terrible calamities as had .been depicted by his Grace the Archbishop. (Cheers.) - Mr P. A. Jennings; G;ALG. (who was received .with cheers), stated that when lie was called upon a tow days previously to preside over a pre liminary mooting to take - the necessary steps for the holding of the present one, ho ventured to say that his fellow- citizens would show their generosity and charity on the' occasion of such an appeaPns the- -present, and he was now exceedingly glad to find that' the event had justi fied, his anticipations. (Cheers.) He deeply re gretted the necessity for the appeal, as he lind been in Ireland during the famine- in 1848, and knew what the effects had been. . Tho meeting was made up of people of all nations, and if anything could enhance the value '6f- the gift to be made to 'the sufforing Irish, It would tie found in the noble and ecnerous sentiments' that hud been cxtiressed 011 the occasion by those who did not belong to that country. Ho was not 'afraid that the amount to be collected would not bo commensurate with the large number present.; Sydney was not the first to come forward, as Aielboui-nc, Brisbane and Ade laide had been before her; but "though they were in advance of her with'regnrd to lime, he hoped she would be first with -regard to substance. He re garded it as a great blessing that money could now be forwarded by telegraph, and compli mented the manager of the -Bank of Aus tralasia on his kindness in offering to transmit the amount to be collected free of charge. .A few years ago it would have been very different, as it would have taken months to transmit the money, and 0110 pound now would bo found more useful than live would, in some six months to come, "livery pound given now might be the means of saving a human life. Referring to tiie kindness of Ah. Hughes, above alluded to, he said thai large monetary institutions often did more than they got credit for. The resolution was put nnd carried unanimously. Mr. D. O'Connor here read a letter from tho Colonial Secretary, Sir Henry l'arkes, K.C.AI.O., regretting his inability to be present, hut ex pressing his sympathy with the object of llie meeting. Rabbi davis rose to -move — "That the Right "Worshipful the Mayor of Sydney and Ah. 1'. A. Jennings, O.M.G., be appointed hon. treasurers to the Irish Relief Distress Fund, unci t lint Mr. John Toohcy and Mr. Daniel O'Connor, M.l\, act as hon. secretaries." He said that it was 011 a former occasion lie had appeared before the people of New South Wales, to ask their aid for the starving millions of India. (Hear, hear). There were no doubt many present who would remember his having spoken to an immense audience like thai before him, upon tlic estimable quality which makes the world kin, upon a resolution of a similar character, though in this instance the matter touched nearer home. He had asked himself why lie, a Hebrew citizen, had been entrusted witli one of the resolutions, ealcu- lated to harrow Hie tender feelings of liis .hearers by an account of tbc dread famine, nnd to give them his views upon the distress raging in that celebrated island o£ Erin. (Hear, hear.) He bad come to tlic conclusion that it was because lie was the descendant, for all he knew, of one of flic ten lost tribes which so many thought had been merged into the Anglo-Saxon race, (Laughter and cheers.) He. thought, -however, it might bo because lie wns the descendant of that Joseph who took so noble n part, in the days of yore, in saving the inhabitants of many countries from perishing of famine. (Cheers.) He thought, however, 'that it wns one of the greatest privileges of liis life to be once more required to ' plead for those who were suffering from the pelting nnd pitiless storm now so severely felt in the land of tho Ot'onnell nnd O'Donohuo. (Cheers.) Wo, in this land of 'cheerful' plenty did not know what it was to have houseless heads, tho unfed sides of lean abstinence, or to have .grief and haggard care at the door. Was the picture too highly adorned? (No), or was he drawing upon his imagination to work upon their tender sym pathies (No, no.) He believed that a good many were of opinion that the depth and extent of the famine in Ireland had been exaggerated for political purposes, as a set-off for the agrarian out rages so generally deplored.' (Hear, hear.) Ho believed (hat this was thought by llie public, bccnuse tho correspondent in Ireland for the Times, writing under date November 10, said that it would be disappointing to those who betrayed nil anxiety in trying to draw the gloomiest picture of affairs in Ireland ; that it wns thought that. the ordinary resources of the poor lawk would be gen erally found equal, to the demand, though there , was danger ,, of . a fresh. , famine and want1' 'of " iabouri' (Cries of"'" Shame," and hisses.) At this very time famine must have reduced a large proportion of the inhabitants, because lie found that ah address was presented to the Earl of Bcnconsficld H few days later, signed by 70 members of . Pnriiaraenti one of the para graphs in which stated that "for several successive seasons there had. been bad, 'harvests, which had been followed This year by stagnation in the caftlo trade. There was 110 douht that tlic distress would be wide-spread and severe. This had been followed by almost complete failure of tho potato crop, anil thcahsencc of -employment involved a considerable number of small farmers and labourers in abso lute destitution." (Hear, hear.) If there could still exist a lingering doubt in_ the mind of any sceptic in this community; it must have been dis pelled by the telegram that appeared in the jour nals of that day, that the distress in Ireland called for a large measure of relief, hud that the Govern ment had decided to set apart ' two: and a half millions of the surplus from the Irish Church Fund, for . llie carrying out; of relief works. This feeling must have been intensified by a telegram which was received that morning from the Mayor of Dublin, and furthermore by a tele gram which hud appeared in tiie Echo of that evening.. This wus indubitable evidence- of .'(lift wide-spread nature of the distress which they wore culled upon to relieve. (Hear, hear.) There. were some people who looked upon a visitation of this kind as a heavenly chastisement. Tlic Rev. Mr. AI'Kinley was one of those who regarded famine as a rod used by God to punish n country. (Cries- of " Oil 1") He did not intend lo enter into any such controversy in tho presence of such a dire calamity, but merely' wished to raisca cry of " Haste lo the rescue." (Cheers.) In order .to demonstrate tiie folly of attempting to gunge' wise purposes of providence, tlic speaker related how an ancient 1 Icbrew lady asked what God had been doing since lie created llie world; and when told jocularly Unit lie had been making matrimonial alliances, she said she could do that sort of thing better, and essayed an attempt -by forcing the union of 100 male slaves witli 1(M) females, which resulted ill nearly universal confusion, lie asked those who had plenty and to spare, without feeling thocarking cares whicli disturbed the rest and made them fear the morrow, to exercise thai power of giving, in which they could best trace tlic finger of God. and thus prevent national disaster. (Hear, hear.) it was not. for them hi sit in judgment upon the poor people. Tlicy had only to look at the fact that there had been scanty harvests, and that the farmers had ninny of them borrowed money at so high an interest as 2u per cent., winch thev were unable to repay. (Hear, heal.) Ho would say rather extinguish such an idea Hum let it darken their charitable instincts, for no quality rendered a higher .service to human nature, ami gave tiie best gratification to man, whilst proving afterwards to be the ablest advocate before the throne of glory. (Cheers.) The Rev. ltabbi next related a Tiilmuo legend respecting Alexander the Great "which was peculiarly 'apt. It was beyond question that the sweetest pleasur wasMlint afforded. by supporting 'the' feeble, jfelp-: ing , the ' forlorn, and ' giving food , to the hungry (Hear,' hear.) ...The ' speaker ".concluded in„tlie following', .terms 1 Practice, this ' 'to-night', my friends, as so many speakers have so beautifully antl emphatically asked you,1 and remember that the bfcst pfeattitcf is the, heart ; the! best preacher is time' ; and tlic best intercessor is flowing charity' jyheii fitit fttrtll toiWftfs dtijcbis of genuine distress. The Rev. Mr. JfetVbfiis rose tor second the motion, and was received with loud clieefS; So said it had been amply proved - that there was tvideispfead distress in 'Ireland, and lie, as ah EtilishKan,- hoping to have true British sympathies,- was there that evening to pleud thc causc bf . liis fcllow- subjccts in Ireland. (Cheers.) He' had learned from that book, whicli lie regarded ns the test book of his morality, that if one member suffered all members suffered. They belonged to a country .which had reached its high pitch of power by means of a fusion of different races— the Anglo- Saxon, Dane .and Norman — in fact, we bad been mixed in sucli a way that it would puzzle psycho logists lo determine our origin. However it could not. be said that iii Ireland there had been the same mixture, as the Irish celt had not mingled with tlic Saxon. (No, no.) lie did not 'know which community, lie honoured most — that which had been improved by ninny races, or that which refused to be absorbed in another people. (Cheers.) As an Englishman lie was there to plead. for a mitigation of this position, and lie found tiie tet-J noblest Opportunity possible on. nil occasion like' that erf reftiti'tlg a libel upon these; people, that Englishrrte'fi hiitod fii'c Irish.- (Cries! of " No, no.") He believed such an iden to tie ns utterly unfounded as the ciiatge tliat English Christianity hated -Irish Christianity. (Great cheer ing. He believed that the English people nnd the: British Parliament wore doing their licst nt the; present time by a moderate' wirepulling of genuine statesmanship to mitigate and reduce' tiie- wrongs of' Ireland. (Cheers.) lie pleaded1 with them for help as an Englishman, nnd nn: Australian, who hoped to' die in Australia. He hoped to see here tlic immolation of nil antagonism -between the races.' The Celtic nice were his, brothers in this nation, therefore lie came forward; with others of liis race in ordertliat they might not- suffcr from hunger, or bo iu danger of famine.' By advancing the cause of charity they might do' much to put down 'that strife of creed whicli un happily was going on in this city nt-thc present day. (Loud cheers.) . . : The motion was put. and carried nnariiniofisly. ' The meeting was occupied for nearly an hour applauding the announcements; which were made: from time to time by the secretary, of the receipt: of contributions, amongst; which' were about a' dozen amounts of £100, and a simitar number of £50. Though the amount was not totalled up, the' subscriptions taken in tlic room amounted to at least £2500. Air. O'Connor stated that a - personal canvass would lie made through the city this day (Tuesday) for subscriptions. Air. AI, FitzpAtrick thought this was the fiat time the present Alayor had presided nt a public meeting, nnd lie was sure they would agree with him that ho had shown great aptitude. Ho lind much pleasure in proposing a vote of thanks to tlio chairman, his Worship the Alayor.' Air. AIontagu Levey seconded tho motion, which, upon being put to the meeting, was carried with acclamation. 1 The Ciiaihman then briefly responded. ' Three elieprs having been given for -the Queen, the meeting separated. ' ' 1 1 ' 