MELBOURNE. I (FROST OUR 0"W3i" cokeespoxde>tt. } Saturday Eveninsr. -ix is pleasant to have one calm, clear day in the week oh which one may discuss themes less exciting than politics. While enthusiastic Melbourne.shivers in damp boots on the sodden grass which rings the football grounds, the political philosopher may smoke the tranquilising "Pinafore" and think how blessed a thing it would be if the din of Parliamentary battle were heard no more in the land. Politics fade from hi* view, and become as visionary and intangible as a Hamilton ghost-story nnder investigation; and he almostdeludes himself into the belief that life domestic is possible without one eternal, breathless, excited, yearning craving for Eeforrn. Thus happy, thus tranquilised to minor themes, leaps the vagrant mind, and one ! of the first things which suggests itself is ; the visit of Alderman Young, whose | princely reception in Sydney of our bowl- | ing champions is, " in our flowing cups, freshly remembered." This afternoon a friendly game was played at the Fitzroy I rink, at which Alderman Young was j suitably entertained; and it has been an- j nounced that when the Few South Wales j team pay us their return visit, in October or Fovember next, the whole of the bowl ing clubs in the colony will unite in giving them a reception of a character to requite the unusual courtesy with which our re presentatives were received in Few South Wales. In this it is anticipated Ballarat, i which already possesses an excellent link, and Sandhurst, which has recently set to work with a will to form one, will join; indeed, it has been already arranged that the Sew j South Wales team will spend two or three days in the former city play ing matchesandpartieipatingin social hos pitalities. Such good fellowship and ear nest endeavor to make hours more cheer ful are worthy of comment and encourage ment. Those sports who love to see horses stretching themselves out in the confining harness of a " sulky," with alaudable am bition to " break two twelve," or even to emulate two forty-seven, which even in America is good time for a mile, will, per- I haps, like to hear that the lovers of trot ting here are likely shortly to lay down a trotting course in Elsternwick Park, on a fiat there of clay with gravel subsoil, con sidered most suitable, which is easily ap proached by road and closely proximate to the Elsternwick railway station. The ground likely to be selected belongs to the Board of Land and Works and the Brigh ton Borough Council in trust, and the use of it can be readily obtained, as the cricket club which formerly held a portion of it as a reserve for recreation purposes is practically defunct. Although this ground does not afford facilities for watching the matches equal to Caulfield—it being quite level—it can be prepared at one-half the cost which would be required to lay down a rink inside the course of the V. A.T.C., or, say, not much more than £1000 in all, and, of course, the sports who patronise trotting naturally prefer to have a bit of ground of tbeir own rather than have to avail themselves of the racing club's pro perty, which might not at all times, owing to the nature of regulations previously adopted, be always obtainable. That most gay and shooting star-like astronomer, Richard A. Proctor, intends to sneak a jiiece at Sandhurst on the 14th and 1.7th ; Castlemaine, on the IGih ; Kyneion, on the 17th : Ballarat, on the 21st and 22nd ; Ararat, on the 23rd; and Stawell, on ihe 24th and 25th. I would say to all people who consider that 2vature, in constructing them, did not omit the brains—hear Proctor. Ton are never likely to have a better chance of having science made easy, and of learning in two hours what booklore cannot screw into your minds in years. Specially, too, let ladies not be affrighted by the appalling nature or the mysteries with which 5Ir Proctor so glibly deals, or the mathemati cal millions and bilions wliich be flings j about as easily as a juggler does bis globes. The calculations will stand the test of the most critical examination, and the free, easy, delighful flow of Mr Proctor's gossip about the big candies which revolve in space for astronomers to photograph is based upon a solid substratum which, few men of science can shake. And. particu larly, take clever children to these lec tures, for from them they will unlearn the false teachings of the celestial geography school books, and grasp with surer intuition those secrets of ihe spheres which have so long puzzled thinkers and amazed the creduleus. It is not a comforting thought that our Medical Board, usually jealous where a popular quack is concerned, should care lessly register practitioners of .medicine on insufficient evidence. Yet in a case I referred to some days ago it turn3 out ihat a man was registered by them and duly licensed on his mere statutory de claration that he held a diploma and had lost it, and the casual statement to the Board, by a friendly medico that he had seen in the applicant's possession a certi ficate from the head of the college of which he was licentiate that a diploma had been issued to him. It now turns out ihat this man never passed anything but a preliminary examination as an ap prentice at the age of seventeen ; that he could not, under the college rules, have obtained a diploma in the year stated even if he had followed up his apprentice ship—which he didn't: that the certifi cate alleged to have been seen by the convenient friend never existed; and that, in short, he was never enrolled or qualified at all. And yet, through this carelessness of practice, this apprenticed practitioner has been permitted to be the leading medico of a large district for four teen vears 