COMMUNICATED. . [Correspondents who are good enoogu forward _ newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct attor tton, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to then the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date.] I .A® &®ateur performance took place last night week at the Mechanics' Institute, Gee P8> aid of the Bartron Bowing Cinb, y®*® 8n®a and boats were destroyed ty the nooaa. The performance commenced wbich ' A Blighted Being," which was J roUowed by a concert, vocal and instrumental. ««5? concluding item was the little eomedf of Nan the Good for Nothing." In these tiro dnnatie pieces (he female ports were taken * T?" Appleton, who wps received mth much favour, The attendance was cwded, tuid the net result will be £50. The Foresters' ?Society gave a concert oa Tbanday night at the Toworhall, Emerald W1I, for the purpose of assisting those vho experienced loss in the reoent flood. The concert performers on the occasion were Jfr. H. Braham, Mr. Jff. Allnutt, Mr. JL Am* Mr. H. Sharpe, Miss Lane, and Miss M'Doiald. Mr. Forrester gave hie eater tainment, and Miss Liddle and Mr. Auottet took part is an operetta. There was siso .one minstrelsy by Mr. Sharpe ana m. Frazer. The attendance was numerous, an" the results satisfactory. Smrer, Oct W. j At the Theatre Boyai " l'be Two to* i was produced on Saturday night to * IB l house. The piece was aceaiculy we« j trated, and the company,as - tunal. Qn«e' i home in their parts, dtbongb seven)id Jj»» have been better suited in other pjM* ?* t f Lancashire Lass" is. announced *w n j S At"^ Queen's Theatre Jalift" wag withdrawn opj^fidv ®l t" gBj r of a flociety.plsy called ' Hetribntion, ^ | soanounoed ae Written I Pomwr.. The pieoewveiy Mm-g ^ ia J Pomeroy u disappofatuur. Me j Rosalind,and foJIow'MMijMj ^ beth, fxttb' of < wfciqb *.*.. D)oder#teIy cffectire. Then she phntf i%teztiemely well.. The press and poblic trlTe unanimous in its praise. Now she iJJfn tiie society-drama, and shows all the S which were ouiapicnone in Rosalind. S onT««o.n Pf #» tMi can offer is /w {be piece is irredeemably tad, and the hdy was ul Bupported. St the Open-honse, Mr. Bandmann has Jwtaced daring the past week "Romeo g&et;" "Macbeth,^" Othello » " Rich* So "#nd finally mall of which VIOTB be is supported by Miss Beandet, who eooi in hoth Juliet and Oesdemona, albeit .L.fmrish as Doris Quinaulfc The company ?fte£aingood XJATON. ADELAIDE, OCT, 18. " jfaritana," "ROBC of Castile," and " Der Freiscbntz" were produced at the Theatre j?0yal last week. "The Grand Duchess" follows. Nothing worth special comment marked any of theBe efforts, and the opera company have reason to look with gratitude on the indulgent way in which Adelaide people have received their very moderate perio nuances. Profe8Sor Pepper's " Ghost" entertainment proves particularly interesting, and attracts good andiences to Gamer's Theatre. We are now exercised with the endeavour to discover what is the real foundation on which the professor builds his circumstantial relation of the "Fisher mystery." 