Scissor Snips. Adelina Patti, the "queen of song," has been engaged for an eight months tour in America, for which she is to receive the sum of £140,000. The first exhibition of the Art Society of New South Wales, was opened at the Garden Palace on Monday week last. It was a complete success from every, point pf view. "If you marry Grace," exclaimed an irate father to his son," I will cut you off without a shilling and you won't have so much as a piece of pork to boil in the pot." "' Well," replied the young man, " Grace before meat." And he imme- diately went in search of a minister. A would-be-joker said in a company, which was partly composed of Hebrews, " Now, my friends, I think Japan is the best place to live in the world. I under- stand that there are neither Jews nor pigs there." A little fellow in the corner, the contour of whose face showed Jeru- salem his home, replied : " Well mine friend, I tell you what it is: let's you and me go there and exhibit ourselves." The South Australian Advertiser's correspondent states that the reports of the prosecutions for Sunday working at Narracobrte, though substantially cor- rect, conveyed a false impression, making it appear that several hundred men were engaged, whereas only half-a-dozen were employed for necessary work. Arrange- ments have been made to prevent this in future. Over 5000 people visited the Sorata on Sunday at Williamstown. The vessel continues to attract large crowds., Patrick Ring, a wealthy resident of Brighton' was committed for trial on Tuesday, for erecting an engine in a public place, calculated to inflict injury on the public. The prosecution was initiated by a neighbour, Mr. Abbott, solicitor, the offence consisting of erect- ing a wire fence across a track leading to the Training Gronnd, into which Mr. Abbott tumbled while riding. A man named Thomas Lynn, journey- man tailor, was drowned while bathing in the Murray last Sunday. His body has not been recovered. Doctor Carrol, of Goulburn, burst a blood-vessel on Saturday morning, and is very dangerously ill. Dreadful murders and rapine were committed hy the Chilian soldiers" in Northern Peru. Efforts at modiation failed; Peru refusing to' agreo"to the proposal of tho Chilians to cede territory.. Indians have destroyed villages in Southern Chili, killing large numbers of people. A conference of colliory delegates, representing 50,000 men, has been oallcd in England to consider the que?tioh of foreign tariffs. ' \ ' ?Cardinal Manning denounces the settlement of expelled French Jesuits in England. f ' In a speech at Galway, Mr. Parnell said tho Irish Land Leaguers would obtain American assistance to break off tho English yoke. Dudgeon, another Irish agitator, has been arrested for recomrabnding the usb of dynamite against landlords. There is intenso oxoitoment throughout Ireland. The London Times 1b ronghly valueil as. worth five millions.' It's oirculatioii daily is 85,000. It's advts. aro "worth £1000 a day. ' ' One of the old settlors at tho Isle of Shoals seeing tho nnmo of Psycho on the hull of a yacht, the other , day, spoiled it out slowly; and then ex claimed: "Well, if that ain't the worst way to spell fish I" An old lady with a large family, liv ing near a river, was asked if she did not livo in constant fear, that some of them would bo drowned. "Oh, no," she roplied; we have only lost three o\ four that way 1" "Mamma, do you know how I get into bed so quick?" " No, my darling. How. do you ?".- " Why, I put ono foot on the bed, aud then holler out 'Bats [' and soaro myself right iv." : Not a great while since, at a social gathering, a young lady, dressed in the oxtromo of fashion and glittering witli diamonds, sat silent and apart from the rest, taking no part in a conversation,' purely literary in its character. The gentleman of the house approachod her,' with the remark : " You do not appear' to be enjoying yourself." " No," said tbe lady; " this is too dry for mc. Ain't thero nobody hero that can flirt?" " Flirt!" said he. "Ahl I eeo you aro a sort of Cleopatra in disguise." ," Cleopatra! No I" rejoined the intelit-j gent beauty, " I nover liked Indians 1" , A practical joke was once attempted to bo played on Mr, ErskiiiG,as he went to Westminister Hall, with his' ample' bag crammed full of briefs. Somo waggish barrister hired a boy to go and| askihim if he had any old clothes to' sell. " No, you littlo imp," exclaimed tho indignant councillor, "they are all new suits 1" Tho reason why.—" Why do *?- " ' your cup of coffee un?- *' '''*??? Bet: Jouea**" --'A ?'-? the chair, Mr. . saw a worthy landlady, one morning at Breakfast. "It Is so vory weak ma'am," replied Jones, demurely;' I thought I wonlel lot it tako a re?t." A petition, boaring 17,000 BJgna . tutcs, has been prosontod to tho Massa chusetts Sonato, n?kiug for a repeal of tho licon?ing Jaw oud the BiibstHatJQ? of .pbjbitloa. [ Great storms have occurred in Sussex and Warwick.?-... -?'.',-f -f-'- A publican at Bathurst, named Crowe, was arousod slumbers .; by the noiso of n footfall in jhis \ yard. Oh proceedings there: in af r state; pi nudity, somo hulking fejlow teat'bim brutally, and did not depart untU ho had left him for dead!', No cliie ? exists! to the ruffian. At the Gundagai Quarter Sessions, the constable, deputed. to call the pri-r soner; said,'V Abraham Abraham?; como on your recognisance 1", ; "What sort of animal is that ?" asked young Aus- tralia. Mrs. Glenny, a lady of considerable talent, has taken to the lecture platform at Bathurst, where she is lecturing to prove that the British nation is identical with the lost ten tribei of Israel.. : ! Supplements to tho Gazette, published on Tuesday cpntuin his Excellency's declaration that the fresh polls taken at Vittoria, in the West Macquarie elec torate, and Duck Flat, in electorate !of Queanbeyany nro legalised. A list of rules'for the despatch,of business in the, I Supreme Court during 1881, and also a list of unclaimed letters, are contained 'therein. I Thb Government wharvca at Brisbane j have been let to William Howard Smith and Sons for £1800 per annum for five years. In reply to a deputation on Wed- nesday, the Mayor of Sydney said the experiment of watering the streets with salt water would be made, and besides drawing salt water from near the Market Wharf for watering streets, the Mayor is making arrangements for pumping it from Dawes Point. No decision has been come to yet as to whether the Sorata will be parma nently repaired at Melbourne, or only temporarily. ' The narrow majority of the. Victorian Government is regarded as an indication that they cannot long carry on<\- The Age attacks them for not proceeding with the Reform Bill, and Bays 'Mr. Berry is wanting in determination, and suggests a general election as soon us possible. The charge of perjury against Frederick O'Donovan, schoolmaster at Clarence Town, was dismissed by'the Bench. Mr. Thompson'; ot Maitland, appeared for the accused. John Corbet's tender for tho erection of a Roman Catholic church at Temora has boon accepted.. The contract price' is £600. Some meerschaum pipes of a grossly indecent design! were seized: the other day,iti the Austrian Court at the- Mel bourne International Exhibition. They were not exhibited openly, and the person in say? "that although dart of nib consignment he carofully kept, them bid in a drawer. , .??Messrs.; W. Keith, H. Palmer, and J. Hurley., were nominated for Mary borough, Queensland. About 400 persons were present, including the candidates; but no speeches were made,: and no show of hands was taken. The election resulted, in the return of Mr. Palmer, who polled 875 against Mr. Keith 362, and Mr. Hurley 172. Thore was great excitement, and it is believed that Mr. Keith would have gained the Boat if Mr. Hurley had withdrawn. Tho Hon. A. H. Palmer, Qucon?land Colonial Secretary, has loft for a visit to Sydney and Molbourne. Mr. George King has left Brisbane for London on tho commission appointed to enquire into the Hemmant steel rails petition scandal. The Hobart Town "ghost," like the rest of its ilk, has turned out a rank duffer and a fraud. Mr. Angus Bell, of Inverness, Queensland, lately caught a rat two feet tan inches frpitn.the nose to tho tail. A blue-nosed shark, thirteen feet long, was caught by some fishermen in Illa- warra Lake last week. The exact number of peopleo who paid for admission to Kennington Oval, on Monday, Sept. 6, to see the great cricket match, was 20,786. "Now, boy, suppose twelve, men divide, forty-eight bushels of corn equally, how many is that for each?" Boldost) boy—''Please, air, we're not gone that far." " Your teacher told me you had learned all the first four rules," Boy—" Yes, sir ; but we hove always done our sums in potatoes or turnips; we novor had any corn," The territory of Montana is estimated to contain between 60,000 ond 65,000 square miles of coal of excellent quality,; and extensive bods, of bituminous coal have recently been prospected in Texas, near the Rio Grande, about 140 miles west of St. Antonio. The yield of coal in Oregon, Utah, and Wyoming is in- creasing, and reaches to nearly half a million of tons, which are shipped at San Francisco, The coal is of tertiary ago, and tho coal area in California and Oregon occupies 51,000 equaro miles. Rocently, at Castlemaine (Victoria), a lady and gentleman were seized with spasms after drinking coffee. A frizzled lizard was subsequently dislodgod from the kettle used. Ugh ! Tho London Divorce- sad state* -*?"-'? Ay. Court.reveals a ?-"?? . oi cningB in English society. During the past legal year 648 divorce cases havo been decided, and between ,500 and 600 marriages havo been dis solved. One of the commonest of the causes of separation is said to be drunkenness. The vast majority of petitions for dissolution of marriage are from the " lower middle class," and the working classes. Floating fl/Joart,—A solitary por* ? going down ?pllwtptreairj. Mr. Spurgeon'a illness is causing groat anxiety to his congrogotion. There is, it iB eaid, somo probability of a temporary rotiromont from.his duties becoming, absolutely essential. It ia extremely doubtfol whether:it will not bo perilous;; for him;, to rempiu in London during the winter months. An Ilinois firm has turned out a big plough. It is attached to a railway car, and can make one mile of ditch 2 feet deep and 8, feet wide, evey four hours, thus doing the work of about 1000 men. The beam is of swamp oak 8 inches by 15 inches. Its total weight is about 1700 lbs. Under date of 14th August (says the Chind Mail), our Peking correspondent records the news of the release of Chung * How, and adds, "The ex-Ambassador is of course still in degradation, but I am pretty sure he will not be very long are he is restored to his former honours. There can be no doubt that this shows that China will now amicably, settle her difficulty with Russia, and that there will be no war." The rnothor of Tommy, a littlo fellow who had been sent to school at much too early an ago, was very proud of his acquirements, and liked to exhibit hia learning before company. One day, when some visitors wem in the parlour, Tommy was asked how the earth waa divided. "By earthquakes," said Tommy, very promptly. The woman named Mary Kumpa, one of the victims of the late tragedy at Lestor'a Gap, Jindera-road, died on Tuesday at the Albury Hospital, with one bullet in her head and another in the region of her lungs. She has lingered since last Monday week in great agony. The immediate cause of death was inflammation of the lungs and hemorrhage, from those organs. A habeas corpus has been applied for to enable a second charge of murder to be brought against the man Henry Wilkin- son, who now lies in Albury Gaol await- ing his trial on lhe 11th April for the murder of Martin Menz, the father of the woman who died this morning. 