' STRANGE, IP TRUE.' Suoh was the thought that paBsed through my mind after hearing the tales1 mentioned below, and the discueBion that naturally arose conoerning them. I am, of course, no believer in 'ghost stories,' but, as many ti£ my readers doubtless know, there are circumstances which seem to baffle all attemptB at explanation. Such, I I think, are those whioh were lately repeated to me, and wbicb, believing tney might interest our readers, I intend to write 'down as they are said to have occurred. Before, however, oommenoing to do bo, I think it best to say' that all, the stories were related by the persons who were actually conoerned in them. About three years ago, a gentleman holding a government situation at the Cape, was residing, for a time, in the execution of hia duty, in a small village some distance from Cape Town. It waa, in general, a very quiet plaoe, with only a few regular resident's ; a great many of the housea remaining closed most of the year, their owners living elsewhere on their farms. Dnrn in twelve montbB. however, the little village became quite gay, assuming, for a few weeks, a totally different aspeot. This was on the occasion' of the annual fair, when, in strong contrast to its usually almost deserted look, the place was literally crowded with visitors of all kinds. The time of the fair was very close at hand, when the gentleman to whom I have referred, a man in the prime of life, aotive, Btrong, in vigorous health, and not in any way imaginative, left the houBe where he was residing, with the in tention of taking a walk. It was a clear, beautiful evening, the moonlight making all aB dlBtinct as in the day ; and he paused beBide one of the empty houses already mentioned, for the purpose of lighting his pipe. There was not a cloud to be seen ; not a shadow caBt anywhere near where he waB standing, when Bnddenly, from ronnd the corner, as if just leaving the hall-door, paseed a full-sized coffln, juBt suoh a height from the ground as would have been the oase had it been carried on men's shoulders. The gentleman watched it witn a reeling of curiosity, and it seemed to disappear in the distance. He told me that ? no one could have mistaken it, tbe shapo being so perfectly defined. It stood out grey and opaque in the clear, sweet air, and parsed him so closely that he could have laid his hand upon it. Wondering at the strange sight, but without any feeling of dread or fear connected with it, he was yet suffi ciently impressed by the ciroumstance to write.it down, with the date and honr, in his note-book, and to mention it to the doctor, who was an intimate friend of his, though the latter merely laughed, believing it to have been some optical delusion, even when assured that my friend bad seen it as plainly as he then eaw himself. Some dsfys passed, and in the busy, daily life, tbe affair was forgotten by both gentlemen. The fair-time arrived, and, aa uaual,the little^ village was crowded. :AmongBt the visitors was a young man 'Buffering from typhoid fever, who was taken to the very cottage before named, All'the skill of the -nrftiTAft nnrLvnilinf. and. ainidat the general gaiety, the shadow of death fell upon - him ; andt three days after his arrival, his coffin was carried out of . the honse from whence the gentleman had Been the' Btrange sight isaue. On reminding the doctor of what he had. been told; the latter said that had he .remembered the faots, he would have sent the invalid elsewhere; though, -of- oourse, if the oall, ''Oome up hither,' had: gone forth from the Maator'a lips, no-earthly power could have Btayed the departing spirit. Ab T eaid before, I am no believer in ghost stories, bnt when a strange fact such as this is declared to have been seen by a praotioal, unimaginative man, in good health, one soarcely knows what to think of it. - - The scene of my next story iB laid in New York, in a handsome honse in one of the best parte of the city ; the lady who related it resided there at the time; the other inmates consisting of her husband, two children, and Bervants; A cousin with whom she had' been brought up from infanoy, usually lived with them, but hii health having latterly failed/he had gone; by advioe, to Florida. One afternoon, as she waa sitting playing with' the little ones, the nur-e, who was alio in the room; exclaimed, ' There is Mr. George 1' Look ing up,' the lady,' to ber astonishment, taw her cousin, whom she believed to be so for away, standing in a leaning attitude against the' open door, gaiing at the merry group ; naturally enough, her first remark was to enquire why he had returned, but he gave no answer and moved away, as ghe thought, to go upstairs. JuBt at that'' moment, her husband entered by another door, and' she at once told him that ' George was at home, and. gone to his' room.' Olad to hear the welcome, though qnite unexpested news, the gentleman followed him, but soon came' down. Baying he was not there. Greatly puizled as to where their couiin could have disappeared, they ??arched every room with as little ?uooesB ; no' one, save the lady and her nnrae, having (ten him about the home, I Almost' the' best mall brought them the ( (ad intell^enca that the young man had died of rapid decline, at the very hour of the day on whioh hia cousin had, as sho thought, Bpoken to him in her -own drawing-room.. The lady to whom this happened had always been most averse to putting any- faith in stories of this kind,' and, but for tho news of his death having occurred precisely at the time she Baw him, would always have remained convinced that be had returned and playod some trick upon her. The most singular part of the oircum stance is, I think, that whilst the lady and nurse both saw and spoke to him, the children took no notice of one whom they htfd always loved, being in the same room. ' - ' , ' Another moat curious tale, indeed, the mo'Bt puzzling of all, was related of' a epldier leading hia DOBt through seeing' the ' spirit,' ' as he affirmed, of one of his ; officers, whoi unknown to him, had juat | shot himself ; bnt having read it in one of lour daily'papers, I do not repeat it, as my i readers mayj in all probability, have done the same. My laBt story is ono that happened on board ship, and that seems to me very pathetic from tho great love that muBfc have existed botween the friends. ' It was on a lovely evening that one of the paesengers on board a homeward-bound Indiaman, tempted by the beauty of the scene, was lingering on deob, unwilling to exchange the pnre sea breeze for the heated atmosphere below. Looking round, with a feeling that he was no longer alone, and expecting to eoe one of hia companions, he was surprised to see eittingbesidehim, the dearest friend he poss'esaed, and who; as he' knew, was stationed somewhere in the West Indies. ' B — he exclaimed, iitter'y bewildered by seeing the face ' bo' : familiar to him gazing fondly. yet'eadly at 'him ; 'how came you here? HaVe you beon hidden away all these days ?' ' Aa he spoke half-jeBtingly,- a- Btrange sensation came over him1— was he dreaming or mad ? Sow could 'B-^-^'who waa hundreds of miles away, be how on board with him ? ' How did you get here?' hd' asked j his voice inBeniibly taking- an awe-efeuck tone. ? 'I came to see tyou,' wad the answer, spoken' in low, strangely thrilling' accents ; ' I felt I' miist 'see you, but I cannot sray longeri' 'r ? ' - ' ' ' He' laid his hand on that of his friend as he spoke, pressing it with the old gentle touch .the other remembered! so well, and was gone before any answer could be'made. For a long time, the officer sat pondering on the 'strange visit; then taking out his note-book in the bright' Btar-light, he plaoed the facts on record, with the hour and date. He did not meintion the cir cumstance on board, knowing 'well how improbable'such a story would /appear, but it was with a heavy heart that he saw the . ' white- cliffs of, old England' becoming visible, for a deep conviotion had taken poasession of his heart tbat, on landing, he would, in some way, receive sad tidinga of hia old and well-loved friend. He knew that he bad been awake and that speech had passed between'hiB strange visitor and himself, but who that vititant 'was, he dreaded, brave soldier though he were, to attempt to explain. Landing in England, his fears were soon verified, intelligence reaching him that, on the very night when he bad seen and spoken to him,Jhis friend had died in the We3t Indies. I do not pretend Jo give hay explanation of cneBB ' grunge (nuni :: ; muse wno torn them to me averred solemnly 'bat the facta were jast »s had euted thorn, and I have no reason to disbelieve their word. That such things may occur, by permission of onr all-wise Creator, ia quite possible, but, whilst granting so muoh, I think every one Bhonld do his or her utmost to put down and destroy that foolish, burtful belief in thoae so-called ' -ghost-stories,' ibat have so often done suoh irretrievable miBohief to timid natures and young ohildren. Thinking the above aaconnta ouriouB and somewhat out of the common— at- least, the first and third — 1 have simply ' told the tale as 'twas told to me,' leaving my readers to form the ir own judgments about them. Still, I think Hamlet's words may, with'justioe, bo quoted regarding them, 'Tbat there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in onr philosophy,' andrthat, in -very truth, suoh stories are ' Btrange, if true.',, . . . . - e. a. 0. 