-Uorthera J.O. Races. ' SUMMER MEETING, 1880. ? Iv {EROSI NJCW "WAAHIOS.) PniST DAT, JANUARY 21. 18ÍS0. TJjrDSn, the management oí the storords andeommitteo of tho N.J.O. ! jnctfo, Mr. J. F. Doylo ; «ttirtor, Mr. J. O. Braokonrigg; handicapper, Mr. J, A. Scarr j clerk of tho \- ooursa, Mr. F. Gt. Fulford. Tho summor meeting of the Northern Jookoy Clnb was Commenced to-day on Ealos's course, Wost Maitland, under Sot the most favourable auspices.. Tho weather, If such i could. b« o&Uod;, waa so extremely Uot that it ttfAterioUj interfered with what would otherwise havo been a good attendance. Previous to commencing operations every thing, bar weather, looked coukiur da roso for a successful re-union, the fields being looked upon aa likely to provide good sport, and the naçs, as a rule, being*high-oondi tioned. Sydney sent its followers of Isthmian sames, and year by year the N.J.O. meeting» seem to increase in popu larity with the turfites of Sydney; had it not been for such a state of things, tho saddling paddock would have hada vary beggarly appearance. Tho surroundings were of tha-usual stereotyped order, ana nothing now was ob servable. I have again to tell of the good ruan.agoaient on tho part of tho N. J.C. officials, and each ono did their work well. Tho onerous duties of judge were got through to the lotter by Mr. J. F. Doyle ; Mr. Bracksnrigg was, aa usual, congratulated as starter, aud Mr. Quinton wa* as courteous and obliging in his role et secretary, as I havo hitherto found him. The race-books got up hy E. Tipper, of East Maitland, answered tho purpose admirably, and having got thus far, 1 proqeed to toll of tho racing. It wa3 not a good day for the books, tho favourites winning in moat cases, on their" double books," to which tho finish ing touches will be cdded to-morrow, and a very unhealthy state of things Appears on the carda for the knights of themetallic. Tho day's racing was sot going with a field of nine sporting their colours in the Flying Handicap. Soothsayer, with Sst 121b, was 01:0 of tho most fancied, but Vtspor, who was also strongly supported, uftoradespor. ate race, finished so close to Mr. Mayo's horse, that tho judge was unable to separate them.' HadBcncvolencc been ridden with oven tho smallest amount of judgment, he must have won ; but what iras a graat certainty, was com pletely thrown away. Dover, on whom 2 to I waa freely .'aid, won tho Maiden Plato almost as ho liked from Trae Blue, Maitlmd fluishiup last in n field of four. Tho N.J.C. Handicap, tho big race o£ the day, brought out seven maners, and Lowlander, along with Middlesex, loft tho paddock equal favourites, 5 to a being tho beat offer against each. Elosled from the "jump," and a quarter of a mile from home looked nil over a winner, but the undeniable gameness which characterises ali tho descendants of old Kelpie was firmly maintained by Low lander, who finished like a Trojan, ¡md won under tho whip hy two lengths from Middlesex, another son of Kelpie, Elos, who claims Bulginbar ns a sire, finishing third. Bester, who was most fancied in t he Prince of "Wales' Stakes, won that race cloverly, and Sunlight never gavchis seven opponents, in tho Epsom Handicap, a ghost of a show, as ho was in front all 1 ha way, nud vron with rid iculons ease from Volunteer by 20 lengths. Elos was "beaten bj' a head for second. A protest was afterwards entered_ against thc winner for going on tho wrong side of a' post, and ample proof bein? forthcoming, he was disqua lified, tho stakes going to Voluntoer. Tho following ia a resume of tko racing : The Flying Handicap, a handicap of 8 soys each, with 40 sovs added. Winning pennltics. 7 furlongs. Mr. J. Mayo's ch h Soothsayer, hy Kelpie-Pauline, 4 yrs, 8st 121b (Hints).1» M. Scott's br f Vesper, by Hawthornden-Ave Marin, 3 yrs, 7st 41k> (Koarty) ... ... ... 1* T. M'Carty's ch m Benevolence, by Thft Barb Gharity, 4 yrs, 5st 71b (Kalos; ... ... ". 3 T. Cronin's b g Volunteer, aged, 7st 101b (Brett) S. Harding's h g Star, aged, 7st 21b (Cuff) J. Ealcs's ch c Roberto, 2 yrs, Cst 101b (Knox) T. Ivory's b c Speculum, 3 yrs, Cst 71b (Nicholson) W. Murray's oh g Heforru, 5 yrs, 5st 101b (Forbes) A. Canum ell's bl m Gang Lassie, aged, 5st 71b (Forbes). Betting: 3 to 1 each against Star and Soothnayer. After a dozen breaks away had been indulged in, the flag was lowered tô a fair start, Speculum, who waa quickest on his legs, getting away first, followed by Soothsayer and Vesper, Benevolence being next in order, with Gang Lassie last. Speculum continued hi« lend round tho first turn, but at tho far side Benevolence went through his horses and beg'au to cut out tho werie at a very merry pace,. Scar and Reform beiusr next in order and together a couple of lengths away, Gang Lassie and Sooth sayer following, attended by Volunteer and Vesper. There was very little alteration at tue half-mile post, but Benevolence appeared to increase his lead at tho railway, and here Star was lying second, waited on by Reform', who looked dangerous, and at this point alèo Soothsayer and Vesper .began, to como. As they rounded into the rails, the issue/looked like a moral for the daughter of The Barb.but ino bay tiring very fast; tho maro awerved across the course, and Soothsayer with Vesper coming together with determined rushe*, a grand raco homo was the result. Soothsayer and Mr. Scott's mare running a dead. heat. Benevolence wasbeatcnonlyaboutaneolcforsecond. Specu lation was fourth, followed ia ordor by Reform, Volunteer, Roberto, Star, and Gang Lassie. Time. lmin S3 6-10 sec. j Maiden Plato of 50 sovs, with a sweep of 5 sovs each; penalties for winning two year-olds. 1J- mile. Mr. T. Ivory's h o Dover, by Barbarian- Marcbioaess Filly, 2 yr«, Get 111b, including 71b penalty (Nicholson) ... ... ... ... ... 1 M'Dóngall's b 0 True Blue, by Kelpie, 3 yrs, Sst 21b (HinkB) .2 A, Nash's b f Kathleen Mavourneen, 2 yrs, Cst Clb, including51b penalty (Thomm) ... ... 3 H. J. Adams's gr c Maitland, Cst 131b, including 71b penalty and 211) over (Spenc^l. Two to 1 on Dov»r. After Maitland had inditlgod ina holt for half ft milo tho word was given to a good r,tart. Maitland at once taking up the running and leading up the straight aud pust tho stand, when Dover was lying necond in front of KathleenMavour neen, Trne BIuo fetching up the rear. Maitland com menced to go away at tho side, and at the three-quarter post KathloOH ran into second position.' There was no change from this out of any importance, until tho home turn was reached, when Maitland cried a go, and Dover coming through won very easily by three lengths. True Blue was seeond, Kathleen Mavourneen a fair third, and Maitland last. Time, 2min IS S-10seo. The N. J. C. Handicap ; a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs each, with. 151) sovs added, lmilo 7 furlongs. Mr. «J. Moore's ch 0 Lowlander, by Kelpie-Hebe, 3yrs, 7st (Raarty) . ... ... .;. 1 F. M'Mullen's chm Middlesex, hyKelpio-Juanita, 5 yrs, 7st41h (Kennedy) ... ... ... % G. Shoeemith'a ch h EI03, hy Bulginbar, aged, : fist 71b (Morgan) ... ... ... ... '3 G. Lynch's bli h Sir Solomon, aged, 8st 101b (Colley) S. Harding's ch h Tho Earl, 7st Sib (Cuff) E. E. Jones's b m Valetta, G yrs, 7st 21b (Williamson} A, NaBh's b h Whalohone, aged, fist (R. Thomas) Betting: 5 to 2 each against Luvender and Middleaex, 4 to 1 Valetta, 5 und G to 1 others. A grand start saw the lot jump away together, Elos boinp? the first to figuro in command, and ho led along tho far aide and round tho first coruor, where he was leading Valetta by half a dozen lengths. Tho Earl occupying third position in front of Whalebone and Sir Solomon. This order wasunohange/l all along- tho far sido, but at tho rail way corner Tho Earl ran into second placo and closed on the leader, Valetta lying third with the remainder of tho field close up, and all going well., As they rounded into the straight Elos again began to draw away, and had an ad vantage at tho stand of four lengths, The Earl and Valetta running together in company, waited on by Slr Solomon and Lowlander, nl»o nido by »ide, Whalebone hoing last and in trouble. The Earl fell back at the end of the rails, and Valetta was seen to be lying second, oloeely attended by Lowlander, and from this point they ran along tho far side and to the railway turn, where Valetta began to die out, and Lowlander gave chase to tho loader. Hero also Middlosox began topeóme, and Lowlander joining Elos at tho turn, thoy entered the straight togethor. Half way up -tho rails Lowlander drew away, and won comfortably by two lengths from Middlesex, who boat Elos by 10 lengths. Sir Solomon was fourth, Valetta-fifth, and thou, half a mile away, The Earl. Whalebone waa soon to stagger after rounding tho home turn, and fell do&d; bolow the distance. Timo, 3min 23 8-lOsao. Prince o£ WalosStakos of 40 sovs, with a sweep of 2sovs each. Weight for ago; soiling allowances, lmilo. Mr. R. Cook'B b g Dexter, £30, 4yrs, 7at 111b (Carter)." 1 B. Housomaa'o br m Camoo, £30, 5 yrs, 7st 131b (Koarty) .a W. Murray'« ch g Roforni, £10, $ vrj, Cst 131b (Clarlre) ... ." 3 Pride, 4 yrs, 8at 111b ¡ Busyfoot, £30, aped, 7st 131b; Fancy Boy, £20, 6 yrs, 7et alb j Silver Fox, £20, aped, 7stGlb; Bobin Hood, £20, aced, 7st 71b; Shamrock, £20, 4 yr», 7«t4lb ; Tho Gripe, £10, C yrs, 7sfc-21bj Voltaire, J310, aged. Gat 131b, also startod. Betting: 3 to 1 agoi:i»t Dexter, 4 to 1 against Fancy Boy, 5 to 1 against Pride and Busyfoot, 0 to-10 tb I tho others. . Dexter and Shamrock wore tho two first to jump away at tho fall of tho flag, and Dexter going td tho front alone, at the homo turn, won rather cleverly, if not comfortably, at tho finish, from Cameo, hy two langths. Eaform was third. Fancy Boy was fourth, followed ixt.oxdar by Voltaire and Basyfoç-t, lino, lmia 48 2-10BOO« ! Epsom Handicap, a swíspstakos ol 3 so va each." for starters, with 40 sovs added, li mile. Mr. T. UroDin's b g- Volunteer, by Vo-luntoar, aged, 7st I (Lovett) .1 G. Shoesuiith's ch h Elos, by Balginbar, 5 yrs, 53t i 71b (Morgan). ... ... ... 2 I J. Mayo's ch h Soothsayer, 4 yrs. Sst 21b (ninks) i J. Eales's h g Victor, aged, 6st lill. (Knox) J. Keir's b ni Proserpine, 5 yrs, Gst 91b (Nicholson) T. M'Carthy's h m Kôïalind, 4 yrs, fist 41b (Munroe) H. J. Adams's h g Nemo (lato Happy Joe), Ost (Iîoarty) W. C. Freemon's b h Sunlight, 4 yrs, 7st 71h (Slat, tery), disqualified. Betting: 5 to 2 against Proserpine, 3 to 1 against Sooth sayer, 100 to 30 against Sunlight. This race needs no description, ns Sunlight never gave his opponents a »how, being in front nil the way, winning as he liked hy 20 lengths. He wa* afterwards disqualified ¡ for going on the wrong side of a post. Timo, 2mia 114 D-lOsec 