NORTHERN JOTTINGS. By an Idler. A complimentary ticket having been sent to me at my country residence to the east of Hanson by one of Professor Pepper's ghosts, with whom I was on intimate terms manv years ago when it was in the flesh. I resolved to visit your town ? specially to see it, for old acquaintance sake. The inter view was not altogether pleasurable, for the recollections of the past life with its ups and downs, joys and sorrows, were almost too much for an old man to bear. I verily be lieve 1 would soon have become a ghost myself had the old lady from Mintaro not come to my help. Fortunately for me she was in the hall, and gave me a little cold beef tea with a pinch of snuff in it. It re vive! me greatly. Poor old soul, I will never more speak disrespectfully of her.; I have already buried the hatchet. She told me in confidence that she will drink no more water, as the Professor's exhibition of it had turned her against it. In future she will take wine for her stomach's sake. ; It would appear from your Auburn cor respondent that the lawyers and teetotallers in that proverbially quiet valley differ ma terially in sentiment from the Police In spector. To insinuate that a ' water drinker' takes a little 'fire-water' on the quiet to brace his nerves is a crime worthy of the' feat.' Whoever witnessed such a thing! Summon the Inspector, his subordinates, and the whole army ef licensed victuallers. . Let them ie put on oath, and bring fqroard their man. The Inspector no doubt has his eye on a cold-water represen tative,' and is prepared to stake his veracity on that case alone! He brings him before a company of experts who make the man breathe upon them freely. They look at the Inspector, shake -their heads, and with one accord declare thht they cannot smell alcohol.'. Oh, dear, no! the strong perfume B only the essence of onions. The publi cans may 'spot' a teetotaller, but if they rely on the breath test they will signally fail. They have therefore no case, and for the future I would advise the Inspector to be more careful, for his supposed cases could no more be caught than the ' ScottishChief ' could grasp the ghost of the ' White Lady of Avenel.' I will say nothing about the lawyer, as he might prove too smart for me. I am sorry to hear that a gentleman known at Port Augusta, and another at Clare, have both missed their way among the planets. Astronomers have been during the last week or more peering almost incessantly through their telescopes, but hitherto the search has been fruitless. The other night a Glare resident was seen hugging a verandah post and gazing in the direction of the stars. He declared -that he saw the missing man, and described him as being of short stature, dark complexion, email eyes,. and that in consequence of exposure he had lost a por tion of his head-covering. There is there fore some hopes of his being recovered. 