FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 5, 1880. The Queensland Assembly is at present affording a characteristic illustration of the length to which parliamentary sessions are stretched out simply because garrulous and obstructive members are determined to injure the Administration of the day. There is more in this needles prolongation than the feminine desire to have the last Word. The "outs" can apparently ievias no better means of discrediting the occu pants of the Ministerial benches than a persistence in badgering, worrying, and defaming them. There is no doubt ample ground on which to arraign the policy and conduct of the Government, bat it must be added that there Las also been sufficient opportunity. Dad the Opposition been content to confine iteelf to its admitted rights no one would venture to gainsay its action. But it has not done this. Led by Mr. Griffith it ha 3 had recourse to tactics of an extremely reprehensible kind. For the most part it has not challenged the policy of the Ministry. Their individual claims to sit inj the House, their personal reputations, their trustworthiness as Ministers have, on the contrary, been the burden of attacks marked by gross vituperation. As a con ttquence the debates have frequently de pei trated into personal altercations, ending in violent scenes disgraceful to all con cerned. It must be admitted that this t-ort of thing is becoming tou common in Aui- tralian Legislatures,andcalls for prompt end effective correction. Public opinion input to be strong enough to confound those who are prone to such deplorable practice*, fnd notorious offenders should be indi<r lac.ly rejected by their constituents Otherwise an Australian Parliament will eru long be shunned ai a place wherein to liott-st men with the real interests of their couLtry at heart must not enter. Obstruc tion may be occasionally justified as legiti mate, but obstruction reduced to a system and culminating in disreputable disorder should be sternly discountenanced. It mutt, moreover, be borne in mind that " t tonewalline," if at all useful, ceases to be of avail when persevered in to a degree tantamount to an attempt to render administration nugatory. A Govern ment backed by a majority has a perfect right to insist on pursuing the policy sup ported according to parliamentary law and precedent. It is responsible for the conduct of affairs, and so long as it retains office should not be vexatiously bullied into surrendering its functions to an irre sponsible Opposition. Independently of the questions bearing on the personal qualifications and behavior of come of the Ministers there has been abundant scope for excited discussions. The mail contract has in itself provided a constant bone of contention. On a former occasion we referred at some length to this contract, and we see no reason to alter the opinion then expressed that Queensland is through the instrumen tality of the Government asked to pay too much for a doubtful advantage. At a time when subsidies to ocean steamers carrying mails are in disfavor it seems rashly im politic to commit a colony to the terms iceiHted on. Fifty-five thousaud pounds jier annum for a nine-knot steam service monthly from London to Brisbane via thi Sue?. Canal h, notwithstanding the presumed bent-fits, direct, collateral, and incidental, a ratlier heavy sum for Queensland to spend; evtu could it be hoped that this special e«?rvice would enable the colony to rivai or out-distance its neighbors. It is, therefore, not at all surprising that agitation against the contract has been persisted in. It is obvious, nevertheless, that the Governmen have had good reason to rely on tfae'Bteady support of large sections of the community who through their representatives have helped to sustain the project In the face of this compact array the Opposition could clearly do little more than protest, but it is matter for regret that they went inde fensibly much further than that. After holding out the prospect of a compromise they decided to resist the proposal to the bitter end. Mr. Griffith announced this fact to the Assembly two months ago, submitting that this hostility was fully justified because there was no provision on the Estimates for the subsidy; that it was voting money for purposes beyond the con. trol of the House; and also because the public opinion of the colony was opposed to the contract. In reply the Premier accused the Opposition of breaking faith with the Government, inasmuch as they continued to object to the proposal after the delivery of the financial statement without showing fresh cause. The divisions which followed gave the Government a majority of eight in a House of thirty-eight members. Sub. quently threats were freely used on both ■ides, and the practice of obstruction com menced. But the Government were not to be de terred by such tactics. Withiu a fortnight the Premier intimated that in order to carry out the wishes of the majority of the Assembly] and " to sustain the commercial honor of the country he had telegraphed to enquire if the mail contract would be ac cepted subject to certain modifications, the chief of which was that instead of a ratifi cation of the Assembly being a condition the contract would to accepted provided no resolution of disapproval was passed by the Assembly." Although it was at once pointed out that a contract entered into on such conditions would be liable to be rescinded at any time by Parliament which, moreover, by refusing its assent de~ prived the contractors of surety for thei r money, the Government remained inflexible In defence of its unusual course it could certainly contend that it had in fact the assent of Parliament expressed through a majority of the members, Ab it afterwards transpired, the Government with the view of strengthening its hands drew up a memorandum giving reasons why Ministers should tike upon themselves the responsibility of ratifying the contract, and to the memorandum were appended the signatures of an absolute majority of the Assembly. It also appeared that although the Government did not succeed in obtain* ing all the fresh terms asked from the con tractors it persuaded them to acquiesce in the .'proposal that the ratification should be deemed complete if before the 12th October the agreement was not re jected by the Assembly. On the fifth of the mofith the Premier tabled the papers in reference to the negotiations, and two days later the leader of the Opposition again condemned the conduct of the Government. He eaid that he had telegraphed to the con tractors as the representative of a majority | of the colonists who wouLTnot be bound by the contract which they repudiated as un constitutional. On this the Premier observed witn some truth that " the honor of the colony was involved in the ratifica tion of the contract, and the failure to ratify it at the bidding of a factious minority would destroy the credit of the colony." On Saturday of the same week an open-air meeting was held in Brisbane, at which resolutions were passed condem natory of the Ministry's action, and a tele gram drawn up for dispatch to the London Times embodying these resolutions. Nothing daunted, the Government carried its point, and was enabled to announce that the new mail service would begin in February. A later telegram confirms the intimation that the necessary arrangements are being pushed forward. Now, this is altogether a pretty quarrel from which it is probable the colony will be the chief sufferer. The extreme measures adopted by an antagonistic minority cannot be ex cused whatever one may think of the wisdom or folly of the Government in. [making the contract which has led to so I much heated discussion. The problem of the best mode of providing for and training destitute children is one of great interest in every community. In this and come of the other colonies it has been successfully solved bj die adoption of the system of boarding- the children in the Lomes of perbons willing to receive them ither from purely charitable motives or in i ouadexatiou of a fciruJl annual subsidy. This system, excellent as it is, unfortu nately is not applicable to a country where a very large number of children have to be 1 rovioVd for, and where, consequently, H wculd be practically impossible to find individual homee for all of them, and still more so to exercise the necessary super vision. Of the evils of the system of col lecting together such children in large in fctitutioDS it is scarcely necessary to say any thing ; they are admitted by all who have paid any attention to the subject, and it is now the general opinion that the sooner tucb places are broken up where they exist the better. In New South Wales about a year ago Mrs. Jefferis, formerly of Ade laide, was much struck in common with others with the inadvuability of perpetuat ing the asylum system in providing for des titute children in that colony if any other ceuld be devised. For many reasons board ing the children out as is "done in South Australia was out of the question. Mrs. Jefferis therefore determined to inaugurate if she could an experimental cottace home, where a few destitute little ones^ould be received, and which if it succeeded might prove the precursor of others. The plan of placing children in cottages under the care of a carefully selected person whom they are taught to regard as a mother and who bears that eacred name among them is no new thing, and has proved a striking success wherever it has been tried. In more than one place in England and Germany a whole village of such homes exists, where several hundred childred grouped in households are being trained amid good influences to lead a life of usefulness, and to feel all the sanctity that attaches to the name of " home," who •would otherwise be pent up in some huge establishment where of necessity, however perfect the system, individual sympathies would not be evoked, and the better feel ings of their nature would find no outlet for dcvelopmeut It is exceedingly grati fying. tlierefore r to find that Mr*. Jelferis is enabled to say in her first report of the progress of the cottage home near Sydney, which she has boeu mainly instrumental in founding, that during the r>ast year it has proved a success. The number of the children accommodated is nine, one of wlicm is the child of the mother. They very in age from nine to two year.-:, and Mrs. Jufferis after a year's ex perience is enabled to state that oil the side of the mother and children alike a real affec tion has sprung up. Of course the success of such au institution depends greatly on the mother, and Mrs. Jefferis seems to have been singularly fortunate in her selection. Mm. Jfcfferis urges that similar homes to the one she has founded should be formed in various parts of the colony; and the matter is certainly one deserving of the careful attention of the Go veroment, by whom, if the system is to be undertaken on an exten tive scale, it would have to be carried out. The cost is no doubt greater than that of boarding the children out in families, but it is not so great as that incurred in housing them in an asylum. During the year the expense of maintaining Mrs. Jefferis's home, inclusive of the salary of the mother, has been nearly £137, or a little over £15 4b. per annum for each child. Tee success of the home is, as we have said, a matter for congratulation, and Mrs. Jefferis de serves thanks, for initiating a more rational system of providing for children who if uncared for must almost inevitably go to swell the ranks of the criminal classes. Thk Customs returns of the imports and exporte of the colonj' for the quarter ended September 30 are published in the Govern ment Gazette of Thursday. The total value of the imports was £1,520,797 10a., on which sum duty was paid to the amount of £135,239 oa. Sd. The sources of these imports are thus classified:—Great Britain, £1)28,371; British possessions, £317,41)4: 10s.; and Foreign States, £74,932. The imports received at Port Adelaide amounted in value to £1,187,082; at Morgan to £134,28G; at Glenelg to £87,624; at Port Augusta to £49,827; at Port Caroline to £18,688; and at Port Pirie to £17,934. The value of the exports for the quarter was £831,122, made up of £685,005 staple, ana £130,057 foreign. Of the staple ex ports we find that Port Adelaide shipped to the value of £355,433; Port Pirie to the valuu of £109,272; Port Wallaroo to the value of £60,575; Port Augusta to the value of £18,744; and Glenelg to the value of £16,585. The staple exports to Great Britain represented £382,381; to Sow South Wales, £134,062; to Queensland. £41,493; to Victoria, £87,973; toCape Colony, £23,126; to Natal, £15,702 j to Mauritius, £13,535; and New Cale donia, £11,126. The total quantity of flour exported was 21,771 tons, valued at £223,863. The wheat consisted of 1,418,912 bushels, valued at £299,64 L The wool exports were made up of 712,146 lbs. of greasy wool, valued at £22,504, and 24,525 lbs. of washed wool, valued at £19,043. During the quarter the number of chips which arrived in the colony was 257, of a total tonnage of 140,467, and bringing as passengers 2,072 adults and 400 children. Thirty chips arrived at Port Adelaide from Great Britain, with a ton sage of 37,668. In the three months 1,977 adults and 153 children left the colony by flea. Probably either the Chief Secretary or the Treasurer and Mr. G. 8. Fowler, M.R, will attend the conference to be held in Melbourne en November 25 on the question of the border duties. The annual meeting of the Commercial Batk was held at the banking-jioa«e, King "William-street, on Thursday. Special interest attached to the meeting, from Ibe fact that the shareholders have lust their usual dividend tbi* Salf-year, on account of the loam in connection with the advances given by the late manager, Mr.H.D.O'Hallaran,to Mr.DeYoong, whan now insolvent, and a somewhat atomy meeting wax anticipated. In accordance with expect*, taon there was a large attendance, the chairman of the board of directors (the Hon. &. A.Tarkon) presiding. The directors'report stated that the losses sustained npreCTJtated the transfer tot eoEpense account of the whole of the half. year's profits and a portion of the ieaa.ve> fond; and the board aaid they regretted these losses the more from the fact that the advances {through which they occorred had been gives without their sanction or ap proval. This latter statement was emphasised by the chairman and another of the diraJonin reply to a severe catechising, and a statement bj the late manager exonerating himself from blame, which was read by Arehdmeoa Fair, was characterised as false. After a good deal of discuauon the report and balance-£ueet were adopted. The attitude of the contractors and the navvies in connection with the strike at Behur has not changed since oar last report appeared. It ia understood that the masters faavegivaithe men notice that they must remove their tern* and other property from the tmfa by Eriday night, but some doubt isexpreaseia? to whether I the men will quietly comply with the order. It is to be sincerely hoped that no difficulty wOl arise, and Oat the navvies will not see fit to make any disturbance. Xhe men complain that their actions are bt^ continually exaggerated, aedtbey say that many ofthe statements which have been made respecting them are utterly false. According to their version of the affair which occurred between them and the gangers in one of the euttfr^; near the fourteen-inilQ cemp on Wednesday, their behaviour was tofc paratively temperate. They state that several men vent to the gangers and requested them te knock off work. One of the gangers sa? it was no use for them to fey and oppose die w«, and fee knocked off, his example shortly being followed by the oi&er; ganger. Toe men then cheered the gangers and went away. So far as we can learn no warrant has yet been issued egauiEt any of the navvies by the con> n acton, and the men ca¬ believe the rumor, as they cay they hjive done LOthing for which they should be ar rteted. During the week a disinterested gentleman has been trying to indooe the men to content to the dispute being «^4?^fl by erbitca ■> on, but they prefer to let "??*frinf **>** their cwn course for the present. It has been desidad to ask aid from the labor League if the maa find they require assistance, bat at present itia not intended to take anch a step. It will ba eeen that advertisements have b?r" inserted in tie daily papers requesting men not to come to on strike, and we have not heard of Mnmra. Walker and Swan receiving any applications for work up to the present time. The amount of the nae?mwrt of the to*n of Port afl«>l«M ft ja £72401, ahowiug an increase of £8,105 10b. over that of lact year. The Marine Board 'will tins morning proceed to the vicinity of the Port lighthouse. for farther inspection in ~-"HTftnn with Cap tain Smith's proposed scheme lor an outer harbor. It is notified in the Government Gazette that the next examination of candidates for eacetebips in the Civil Service will take place in January, 1681. Applications must be lodged with the Under-Secretory on or before Monday, December 1 next. - The following ia a -record of die rain fall between S sum. on Wednesday and the same hoaron SSumday:— The manager of the Sew Boyal Crown Muirg Company, Heatboote, reports for the fast weekr-Omshed S fans be 28 ozs. « dwto. of retorted gold. A contract baa been let for miking (be abaft to a Cutter depth of about 60 or 7C feet at £4 15s. per foot The sinking will commence forthwith. The machinery is working welL The number of births and deaths regis tered in the General BegisterOffioe during the week ended Satnrday,October3(LwM:— Births— 123 males, 125 females; dektJn—4B males, 42 females; total-248 births, 80 death* ; excess of births,lsS. In the District of Adelaide the nuicbets were:—Births-S7 males, 40 femalet; deaths—l 3 males, 12females; total—77 birUts, 25 deaths; excess of births, 62. I At the meeting of the Marine Board on Thursday, November 4, twenty-«ix replies wen ?c ctived from shipmasters and others acquainted «ith Suencert Golf, in answer to ekealan sent nt by the board asking forapioioas as to the «st ate for a new lighthouse ttere. Of these . 5 recommend Blank Point, SBhoalwater Foist, .Middle Spit, 1 Wedge t«i«ti^ and 1 Eastern boa}. Ibeother <« pilot} declined to express v opinion on the wr"'*tfT. At the meeting of the Fort Adelaide ( ciporatioo on T^nrsday, November 4, a letter ??s received bom tbeOomamaioncr of Onnm lands, in answer to a request by thecotmeil that the question -of the removal of the Govern ment workshops should be delayed natil?ext seteion. The Conunjaaian?C ataasd **•-* ttw matter was toonrgentto be delayed as desired. Moreover, the drawings inconneetkm witfatfae wmkahops were in hand, aad tendco far their erection would abortly be called iec Louie Joseph Wilson, derk of tte Madia WimiSouthltistrict CoancO,far wboseamat a warrant was Issued a few days ago at Gawler for embezzlement, returned to Gawler on Than day morning, November 5. On Che afternoon ot the same day he -was brought before the court on two charges of embesdiag the moaeys of the council—in one case £61 Us. and in another £67 10b. 6d. Hie was committed tor trial on both charges, ban being allowed, tiro sureties in £100 each and himself in £100. The committee of the Adelaide Benevo lent and Strangers' Friend Society held the monthly meeting on Tuesday, November 2, at tbe Church Office. The Hon. J. Ontton occupied the chair. The treasurer's mamte was mail. showing a balance in band of £8 ss. lOd. The earn voted to telieve the various oases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the past month, ancutited to £11 9s. 6U, being to relieve thirty cxttes. Bach member of the committee was em< lowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the **i«"'??£ wy?n^. The following is Thursday monmurfe weather report on the Adelaide and Eton Darwin Telegraph Line:—Port Darwin. «-!■■?. cloudy, fine, hailstones fell yesterday; South pott, N.W., cloudy, fine; Tain Oreek, SJL, clcudy, fine; Pine Creek, K.W., doody, fine; River Katharine. H.W.. clear, fine; Oaly Waters, calm, dear, fne; Powell Greek, 8J&, dear, fine; TencaDt Oreek, Si, dear, *n?; Barrow Oeek, calm, dear, fine; Alice Bpriogc, BJE., clear fine; Charlotte Waters, 6&, clear. fine; Peake, N.K, dear, fine; Strangivays Springs, 5.8., clear, £cc; Farina, 5.8., dear, fine; Beltana, Nuclear, fine. Margaret Eusbridge, married woman> was charged at the Police Court, on Thursday, November 4, with the manslaughter of her male iDfaot, George Joseph Busbrldge, five moaths old, at Adelaide, on October 26. The proeeed iD£B were taken in consequence of reports that had bees made to the police of the conduct of the mother to the child before death. A Urge cumber of witateees were called, who testified. Uarenden ... 0040 It. Barker ... 0D29 IwtUnd M OO05 AvwnuuagA •« UUUv Stratiialbyn ... 0010 Portffllk* ... ODU ttat MM. Whrtdge «M of intempetats aakits aad bad naglectoa the ebild, bat the medietl evilanrsaehli?MJ death to inherent weaker* —attbe iftajshatki of breast milk. The eao Tbarmoxtof the overseer of the Soath ataatem Wipwlsasnlaj Farm afcitos that tbe •ma)** tnaiana at Milliosat Sooth are looking ltaeltiy,??aga tbe eariy-aewa are raUwr thin s?aasna ptteas. The oats and the Uto cewa wheasfaave the best and healthiest appearance of aoyaropa there osre been on the form, add tfaeiresaas are also looking welL TheraUfAll ■Cwteg Ootober wm r«ls. The hichest tempera tare waa TU?. Mm lowest 61?, and tba average We aavQ received from the publisher, aff.-W. lg|iii, an Bdvsaee way of the - Ade- UMar Volh Oatoadar." prmtod in Uermiu. This alnnnae fa writ priarad, and in addition U «fee —Unary tetermation as to the son, mom, sMrisseaMfthte wants given in ordinary alma- Maa, givw jsartittulars of the postal service (in sssfHah), fbrsa and garden, Governors and Oovtswawat of tbe asconf, and a list of the lotfcm* sainistsrs in Att«tcala?ia and Nev Zaalaad. A genealojy of the reigning Sove reigns of Burops ia aim given. About 80 pages are devoted to tale*, poems, and humoraiii writing, and about tha wm space to advertise ■ Mate. Tbe annual flower show and industrial rwhf bitiou in connection with th« Public SanooU Flow' Society will take place io the Town Hall to-day, and as tbe Minister of Biucatiao ha* eaaotioned the closing of the sebons coanecfoi with she society there will doubtlesi be a large atfeaaJaere. Tbe exhibition will be opened by Mbs King a> I o'clock. There ia a Urge awssfear of exhibits, and tbe show promises to be a most auaoessfal one. In tbe evening an entertainment will be given oy the pupils ol tbe (^rote-street Model Sehoai, when a picked oberos of KK> vobes wfll sing selections from tbe "Flower Queen." and other part aonss. ft*v wAlbasraderthe leadership of Mr.Ales. Mr. W. K. XnOK pretiding at tbe kg -au Tk« eommttee of the Adelaide City ■QaabMmetoaTaeraday aftemooa, November 4, fa Wn n?tes>3t?Nt Prnbyterian Vestry. Tbfie were preaant-Tbe E?vs. O. H. Ooldsmith fi« tte efea¥Tj. tyall, M. J. Birka; Mestra. iaaftb, Sfeesle, Pearson. Green. Orase, Stioe. aad Tuar. Mr. Knot: reported that the Mission fraito school was batiy in need of several mala hnrtm. the necessary amount for the ehiU 4t«a% 4mt wm voted. Tbe aatertuoment •MfiMM reported that •rrtngements ware M«g made for v «Btertai«ment by which it was eipeetod te realisa a suffioieat sum tj miat Mwde&Diaaeyon; tbe last series of lectures and wafts. Tae twaanrer stated that tbe aeeoaat wea overdrawn to the amaaat of £130 ?c. Si. ■rtnete m read from the journals of the ■tssiwjaHta. Th? town eurreyor of Port Adelaide fcM'nit te hia ananal aaport for tin past year tofcfae oarpaatfonat its ateetiaig on rCvembar *. Tba sass* important works undertekeo atecteg the year were (he conatrsasUon of the Mwwbatf at aTomby-parade. and tbe deepen i?gef toe river bi beat ef it. Tbefirsr-ommed work wee now nearly eempleted, and the ftmenteg waa being satisfaetorUy proceeded •S«t V shsites bad baen Ui« do«n*te nearly •U tha pruscipal atreeb), and improvements ama* te tha naflitias for carrying away the dtafaiogs fran than. Tha quantity of aOt re •stwsa was XJSO aontoosM. and of sabes. aUg, ■MM. balks., fa. 9,430 loada. wbieh had all ►=en nasal te laWung op and forming roals MdfMtpatlH. Tarioua Improvement, tj drain* had aUo bean earrled out in aosordaaea with tbe <diateage sebeue sabnutted by the surveiarat the beginnwg of th. veir. Tne nuabsr of bailduiga enestsd te tha monioipai-ty darins the year was •hirttea, all oju.tracked of toiek ■Wtstjaa, We have received the rixtieth report of tte directors of tke Sank «r Ne<r ooatb Walei presented at tbe half-jevly ntaeting of the pro nrieton held at Sydney oa Oat3ber 29. The ■ever* shows that tin a«t profit, for the half year ending September SO, after deducting re bate oa current bill*, interest, on deposits, pr> ▼Uteg Car bad and doubtfnl debt*, and reda^g the valaatioo of the hank prem.oss, amoaated to s9S,OS9 Ss. Sd, t? WD ioh wa«addeitbeunii «Ued batenee fms the last Bslf-year, £3.033 7*. 10d 4 makiug a total «f £35,0fcJ lU. Od. far dis «R%«tion. This tbe direc^rs resomssended oba^M be appropriit?l ai follows:—Payment of dividend at tbe tato of U y*t eea*. per a*.—. SJUfiXi boons at tbe tate of 2, p? «•>>. pera?wwa,«l3.a?; aosmeat Uoaottba ■**i?ii* food, £S.CJO; and feiU-K s carried to ft*it aad teas new aeooaa*. £3£2s iv. 81 With the above appropriation the rase.re food wiUanioanttetMS^OO. The annual flower ahow ia conoactioa with tta WalkarvOle Wealejan Sdnday-acnoil waa held OB Thursday, November 4. Tbe build, teg, wbiok was gaily deoorued for tbe occiiion, wm fairly Uted iaring Urn efteraosn aad even a There waa a good eotiestteaot pot plants cut ftowers. Wbiab worn prettily arangei alaw* tba oenfev of tta rooot, and a vaaajte •aUeeOoo. of faoey work. Or. Sahomborgk showed aows nre and beautiful specimen*, bat wfctem was* aat for ■■■iinWliiiuTsW «h? did Meant*, urn, Msate, aad Synei. Mvrfamei GvUpmltk mA tttmrlm* and Messrs. Samitb and ?M*?ar acted te tt« capa«% «f jadgam. Tbe feitewteg si a list of is«swiessfui pdastaksrs: -^MliMOarpNtar, AUaa On, ««U, Pybaa. Ite??Mt fishop, XUen Sshop, Alice Barker, Otaia a*d GsmOmmc, tiHy Oec, Florence s*d Ctera t>ataart,aUith Lawton, MaudO^! Swa* Barker, Alfred Beyuolds, Harry and AsUnr Oaepar. Percy NieboUs, WTiluam HaOaMy,a«dAtfredHudd. Oa Tuesday ereninff, November 2, the ahsMboldanol tbe R^af?uUduig Society mci •t tte bead ofiee, Viatorb^are. In aeeer da?sewito the aostety^ rates Ota nmtiag waa head to rearive the bilsnwuboat. Xbebusme'.: of tto thirtoantta half-year waa revtewel by «tw eHirana of direotors, Mr. W. Shtedaw^rj,, and tbe ia«aeial etatemeot presented by the asonterv, Mr.C. H. Matter*. The Moetets of tes^fyear amounted to £I^3S 14a. lOd. A large proportion of tnia baa keen safely invested te gawd freehold sesarities about Adelaide aad saburbs. The profit of over £IJO3O leavea, after oeaasUDg worktea; espemes, a handsome sum fat divwioa, so that tbe directors have altettad oaarly 6s M. per share for the past six moatbf. Notwithstanding the depressing times the aoeietj's securities as a whole are te a good, amit<d : sad safe position, alt hough aaanoujt of tetr*< n £19,0C0 and S3ofiM ba* been lent by tbe Ecuity. The total profit on original aharo paid to tbe close of tae half-year shows the very rxrellent reralt of £21 Is., thus furnishing ample evidence of tbe prosperity of the society. Aa uourasUy large number of abates have been Ukvu op during the test few months, sum the alteration of the aactoty's «g«««ftn*t lfTl thus showit<« that the altantten is regarded aa a aeeidtd improvement. Tba first ao?sal dinner In connection with the Kensinston Football Club waa bald at tha Town Hall, Horwood, on TUuraday evaoteg, Kovcmber 4. The Mayor ot Kawingtan ana Norwood (Mr. D. raokhato) nfoastei. Than was a fair ateirimi. aad (ha gathering, which pirtook ajsasw ef a seetelQia? a format character, waaa very ptoawaa one. The Kensington Football dab at one tiau held a prominent position ia the foMbaU world, bos far tbree or four ecwu* prior to teat tta star slightly waned, and the club siannJ unable so maintain a good sjaatrina. A wty freat iaprovwnent tojkpUce ssawihtwetttaetehwtobeaongratuUtedoa tea) faat thvt Isasir paaMraaaajoaa bava, eonaidco a all iliiiislsaiisi, been of a moat eredit nsawteUusi. The dub, wfaieb oeeunies the fi>v& noattfan on the aasotiaiion 1M *twteg th? past Mason wan four matches, test foar, vU had theaa doMm. They kicked 1« geala afatefl 1« goab aoored by their oppo- BwHaateTte awteiila faatehaa saaursd 31 goals •gainst 8. Afterlhelofal toa«te,Mr.A.l.u(saa sVafjte?A'TteJtsjswasslOsasanlteaef Kan aingtoaaa^Narws^.'aadra&rred; teertrava- Mat feraas of praiaa te thM aaonicipal body. The faiairman aaspaawtei, aad said the eousoU had nnwHaJ the feasia te the beat possible •aesKwrfortke tetoraateof thefatepaye?j.aad haw** glad that their enVtrU were fully wre c^^ComsaUloiTbreUsJlslsoresiMwaed/ati. SJS V^ifol"^ " Tte ?«?«« Auatealisa PoatUU Aasoasatkas,- and i« the course of a few geosral remadr* retened to the progress wnfeu h«d been male in football affairs in the colony. The Obairuao propeaad "Tiis Kaosiegboa Football Gl?b," and said tbe club wm a oredit to the town. Mr.PhtUips, the aesretary, te respmdiog.ei •reewd tee bope ttot the club would fi oa ?Bprovmg. aod thai %tr pos?tiou in the asso aiaUoitw9taab«?«lll^her next season. Hn>. BtsccbmoMjlpm •The Bremier and kindred club.- He wUfto pMVter club haddonea great deal towwds tta advamtemeat of tbe gamete the eelaeT. Messrs. 9. Dean and I. J. Weeds respoSed. The toaate of the M£eo> sing^Orl ? ka*Olub.-'«laaUs. I'"Tbelaj>4we live i«," " tress," - Obairma*,'' and other senti aoreu followed. During the •vmiag songs aad ■eettattma were gjven/by Messrs. P. Auld, B- Dyk* f F. P. Townaend, V.SUffe, O. Bormieater, aad A Aafeaxw. The new auction mart of Mr. F. J. Bolting, who has recently dtoelved partnership with atom. Towatend ft Son, waa opened on Tfaur<4ay,Hov<Knber4. The new mutism the northers partkn of theo'd Enhance building, and extends the whole depth of the bonding. Offices ate nranged on each aide of tteentraww, with a gcOecy above (or the accommodation of olerka. A nun apace at the west •mi «i the room is alto partitioned oiL The worn b a trifle narrow if anything, bat it wil) so ctooJst prove eminently suitable for toe character of busmen which wfll principally be transacted bj the Arm. On Thursday morning • number of gentlemen engaged in commercial pursuits wwomhlod in the mart, and pror to tbe Bale which was appointed to take place refreshments were partaken of and a Bomber of toasts ware drank. Mr. William Whyte proponed "Success to the new firm," which toast waa drank in bum pew of champagne. Mr. F. J. Batting responded, and latter referring to hia long career as an auctioneer, taut he aaw many old friends wound him. He hoped that if his frie&ds; considered he waa to be touted with aome of their basi nets they would give him a shire of it. Dating tbe time be bad been in boaineM hs had made many frfcnda and few '""""■c l a3d te bad always endeavored to traiisact the business placed in his hands in a straightforward upright manner. Ha held that an auctioneer had aa much rliht to protect the bujer a* the eeller. and be had adopted that system. Mr. Tewusend, his late partner, had apoken in very high terms of him, and be eoold retara tae compliment. They had done a Urge amount of business together, and he had no doubt that with the increasing trade of tbe colony there would be sufficient business for their separate establishmenta. He would propose in the mart, hearty manner,"Success toTownseodfc Sdo.' Tnia toast having been honored, Mr. Bitting proposed "Success to trade in Sooth Australia." The presence of some of the gentlemen in at tendance,Dotably Mr. Than** Graves, reminded bun forcibly of the first portion of his buaiuesi career. Be had when in Hindley-streat the first cargo of Manritins sugar for Mr. Graves, and be would couple that gentleman* name with tba toast. Mr. Grave*, in in responding, said he waa very glad to see Mr. Betting starting ia a sew mart after * aueeessfol career of 38 years. He gave his first cargo of sugar to Menrs. Townsead, Bottint and 00, to sell in 1854, and be hid given them a number of other cargo?*, and the firm had given entire satisfaction. Mr. Bottiug had conducted his business transactions in an honor able and straightforward manner, and with satisfaction to the buyers as well as to tbe seller* inmosti?stmnoea. He was sore Mr. Baiting bad done hia best hitherto, ud they wished bin eneoast, aa they believed he intended to do what was right and straightforward, aud that was saying somettuas;. If Mr. Bottin; did this, and •ecured a large share of the trade, he woaldget no more than he deserved. The sale then pro ceeded. Mr. Bor?og is aaikied io hia battoef j by hia son-in-law. Mr. O. B. C. Stevens, formerly of the Outturns. A meeting of members o'c the SontH Australian Yacht dob will t: he'd tb-s even ing at the Ship Inn, Port Adelaide. Those competitors who have not fired their second trials Cor plaiM in the fifteen re quired far tbe Melt: xiroe Intercolonial Br'iibi tion Rifle Match are required to do ao at Fulbaao. to-morrow. We understand that Mr. Fairclough, the talented ingediao, ior^sda giving a, series ot ShakMperian recitals ia the various couitry towns uf the colony, a id tb%t he will commence bin tour on the return of Mr. Allison from Mel bourne. Weber'e masterpiece, "Der Freuchutz,' *i' pieaatea at the Ksyal for the laM tats ' '.'b season ou Tbnnday evening, November 4. Tttrewaaa fair attendance. Them!* of Aiae W6B filled by Madame Bese Heraee, aad tha* of Agtth* by the other prime doune, Mira Bin Utj. Both these ladies sustained their parts "Hi great credit, and their rendition of sercal •>( tiie duet* ca'led forth load applause. Mr. Mm- s Beaumont availed tbe part of Max, and Mr.C B.Tempietonthatof Caspar, and the* sii^iug appealed to be much enjoyed. The other character* were also creditaoly represented, and tbe ** Healing Ohorna ** wsi gtreo ia sach a spirited Banner as to draw forth an imperative encore. The celebrated imaa&ituni; t?i>e elicited great applause. To-uigat Elite's charming opera," Zbe Bohemian 6H," will ba repeatsd. ProfeMot Pepper repeated his papular ghost entertainment a* Oanefa ThJatee on Thursday evening. Prior to the n«nal perfor mance, however, prises wen dutritrated te tbe sokoolcbildrea who prepared tbe best papers oh tbe various subjects which F*of«ssjr Pepper dealt wtt* during bis recent afteraeen iestves. Tbree prises were offered by the probrux origs> naUy,£a*he afasrwatda docbled the namber. Mr. i. A. Hartley, ln^cdnr-Oeaanl of Seboots, dibtrwnted the prise*, remarking that be wat kUd to aasiatFrofeasor Pepper ia this matter, and wee much pleased os going through the varions papas of the ahildren to see that they had gaiued ao roach benefit as they bad done fioni Me Pepper's interesting aad intttactive teetwee. Tbe awards wen a* follows:— Mary Arsoid. Oeotral Model Sebojl; M«y A. M. Knight. Mr*. ShutUeworth's aehool; Eks Fatrcr, Oantral Model School; Alex. WyUie, Central Model School; Sophia 8. Adams. Mrs. ShnttUworth's; Efcie?oeeh.Mrs. Shirttteworh>. Tbe toUowing tad bonoraUe mention- — FJoreacs J«Oety .Oentral Modal Sehoot; B leer K. Oountar, Mrs. Bhottlewarth^; Edith H Treveaet. Mia. Shuttle worth's; P, Whitby, North Xdclaide Gtammar Schorf; and Mi^a Stamen,l?ai Haj'a, The pris?s were all ot au appropriate character. Professor Pepper is aa iatereitiag apeeah referred to tbe larje amount of work in the Kdoeatkn Depirtment of this eotony, which had greitly sa-pt^jd him. He was told before be Left Ensiand for these eetoniea that he wonJd have to tike mort accomplished people with him v help him because he wonld get no iiUUvce oa the spot, except that of men who were good at little beyond pick and shovel work. (Laughter.) People were tomWy ignorant in Bcf'ind about these colonies. He had been coUectinj photo graphs flmetrating the natural features and public works of tnia colony, and when he got back to London he would eertiialy make bis voice beard to let people know what Australia was. (Applause.) Tbe amusing ghost enter taiuDatnt of tbe profeiroc followed, and with tbe shadow |??tomime and Afghan panorama, wfcicu wen also shown, caused considerable anvi'emei t. 1 iie half-yearlj eritertainment in connec tion wiib the Glenelg Literary A*sc=iatiou took j-!w« on Thursday evenin?, November 4, in tbe loftitute Hall, Olenelg. ITie pre?d«nt of tbe but ?ia?-ion, the Bey. O.Mtnthorpe, oseupierl the <l]«ir. The atteodanee was not very larg<;, the ) all b«iog ouly half filled, but tbe audience tyuiifstfcd the greatest iu*erest ia aad approml i f tbr perfbnnaaees of those who took part in the e?tertobmeat. The first line on tbe pro gtjmase was an overture ou the piano, performed by Mr. O. S. HjOI in nis nmal bnUiant style, after which tbe president gave a short account of the progress of the aesjsiaiion during the year, ttating that varioos pipers on different sob jecta bad been read, and discussion* had taken place at the weakly meeting', aad that a lecture on meteorology had alto been delivered. There bad been a small increase of members during the past sesiion, there being i>ow forty. During the seven years in which theaHociattonhadbeeniaeiistenceitbad been attended with pretty uniform success, aad he toped that this would eontinua in tbe future. It was intended to follow tbe example of the Adelaide Touug Men's Christian Association, and allow young ladies and others to beaome associate*, and tbu step be felt sure would meet fitb tbe approval of aIL In eondaaion be tiUankedtbemembecsof the association for the number of times that be had been elect 3d presi dent, and said tnaJ be bad always taken an interest in the aaaoriatinn, and hoped lie woaU continue to do so. Mr. H. Oelmann then gave a song, MSmUe and bid me live," in a nuaaer that dUI not seem to be appreciated as mujh as it deserved; after which came a recitatija by Mr. 3.3. Virgo," Henry V. before Agiaooart," fallowed by tbe duet a Yourjpacdoa, Sijuart." by Mrs. T. H. Jones and Miss Vandepeer, which was moat imperatively encored. Mr. J. Kicbobon bad also to come forward again through tbe amount t>f applancs that w^i accerdel to a comic recitation. Mr. Oalmano oang the ballad, "I seek for thej in every flower j" and Mr. W. Stoirie recited the speach of the Barl of Chatham before the House ol Lords, on the question of the American Inde pendence, very fairly, but his atyle was some < what wanting in that force and energy with which tbe eminent statesman most have <d« iivertd his seulairtiiig words. . The biUad those chimes!? from -Mfttitana." b] Mi? Yfwtopear.whp was in ezeellent voice; aad tbeaong««lr^aniiofolami.''byMri.T.H.JooeB followed, and tbe duet, ,*f The aailor sijbe," U which Mr. Bali and Miss Vandepeer took part and whieb waa not aitagetiier successful, em eiudedtfae«r?tpartof tbe entertainment. Ta. second part waa opened with a piano *Ho bj Mr. G.B.Hall, an4-«he Jangbable farce «B? and Cot," in which Messrs. O. Man^iorpe, j ta, and Hooper were tbe principal ectore, brought i ▼cry tojojabU evctitng to a eloaa. 