SPORTING NOTES. ,. nt the Ausu»"- The spring meeting of tn« premier uwwg . i i"1- mucli as the attendance on , racing days was unprecedently t esciti»g all' tlmmgh perhaps the moa®5 , witnessed in New South on th® already descanted upon Derby and Metrop. days, , we menoe with the Suburban third, or " off day," wbiflhmOBt.«» — "Trv to Auckland— a very de- fell an easy P Sydney Tim Whiffler. ceiving .» ' nd oft this arrant rogue has Vyj?the« stable " and public money, and earner! . _ up to his private trials, but tbenj4 wien scarcely backed for a on ha came out in his true form, and, qlb ran a mile and three-quarters in idth 7st ,'r_ary time of 3min. 8£sec. Such toe ?hfinddent6 which go to prove the so- " „i„rioii5 uncertainty of the turf. succeeded in getting second, „r.flns for once, running an honest "d SCnaged o struggle into third place, bofe, uckiand, despite the fact that tr npul shirked it at the last, won rather fnrtably at the end. Sweetmeat, of course, u0lf TrevaUyn and the others at weight for nthe Craven Plate, and, as he came home OS® m( lr„nning in wonderful time for the mile half one cannot help thinking that he 8D< iri have been very dangerous for the 'wn had Mr. Ivory elected to start him. SSinc that The Pontiff won easily enough ¥Sp end it is quite on the cards that, had w Rnerian' gone at him a mile from home, he had then to finish with Sweet- pj the latter may have beaten him, and it Srtainly seems a great pity that Mr. Ivory Stuck an excellent opportunity slip by of nnine a big race. Bandalbion beat a lot of wSes in the Three-year-old Plate ; and, S Murse, Grand Flaneur was able to " best" the moderate three-year-old opposed to him the Produce Stakes. Still, Creswick ilnnpht him to the whip, and as the latter S by any means, at the top of the tree amongst the horses of his year, this would W one to suppose that the three-year-olds of this season, so far, at any rate, as New <foutk Wales is concerned, are a moderate lot, which leaves the V.R.C. Derby a very open option indeed. Hesperian, with 181b more than he carried in the "Metrop," won the Sydney Handicap in the extraordinary time, for a mile and a half, of 2min. 42£sec., whioh, in itself, proves that the " Metrop" must have been an extraordinarily quick-run race, and, of oourse, explains why such horses as Democrat, Secundus, and Strathearn were beaten off. The good fortune that had hitherto pursued the backers of horses still followed them at first on the fourth day, as Pearl Diver, a well-known jumper in the sister colony, easily landed the Hurdle Plate ; but then a dreadful change came over the scene in connection with the Members' Handicap. The Admiral and A.B.C. were the popular idols for this, but neither of them could get near the unbacked Carmen, a daughter of the coming sire Golds- brough and Dolly Warden, who led from end to end, and won ridiculously easy in very fast time, A.B.C. and the improving Creswick finishing second and third. The fielders had also another turn in the Waverley Handicap, as no one scarcely mentioned Oakhill, who is trained by Cook, better known in connection with Woodlands' numerous victories ; and the son of Maribyrnong won very cleverly from another outsider in old Woolstone, who must be surely now getting into the sere and yellow leaf. The time was again exceptionally fast, and as moderate animals like Master -Avenel, The Pontiff, Auckland,. Chesterfield, Othello, etc., very nearly approached the fastest time on record in the respective races won by hem, we can only arrive at the opinion that ihe ground must have been wonderfully good going, or else that the " flying starts." must have had a great deal to do with the mar- fallous time recorded for the majority of the events decided at the meeting. The Rand- wick Plate produced a most exciting finish between Sweetmeat and Martindale ; but the Yattendons are ever dangerous when it comes to a question of gameness and staying quali ties, and so Sweetmeat was just able to " do " for Martindale by a head, in the satisfactory time of 5min. 40Jsec. The Steeplechase was a very hollow affair, as Intrepid won by fully 100 yards from Express, who was in splendid condition, but was rather harshly used in being placed so close to Mr. Yeend's horse. Othello, an improving black son of The Barb, beat a capital field for the Free Handicap, and this terminated one of the most enjoyable lace-meetings ever held at Randwick. The crack sire of the meeting was undoubtedly Yattendon, whose representatives, Grand Flaneur, Sweetmeat, Hesperian, and Creswick, won the Derby, Produce Stakes, Craven Plate, Randwick Plate, Sydney Handicap, and Spring Stakes between them. Sapphire and The Pontiff, in winning the Maiden Plate and Metropolitan Stakes, did well for the im ported Drummer, and Master Avenel, Othello, Carmen, and Oakhill each won two races, and thereby worthily upheld the credit of Julian Avenel, The Barb, and Maribyrnong. Riug of the Ring, Marquis, Kelpie, Tim Whiffler (S.J, Barbarian, and Smolensko had each winning representatives in A.B.C., Chesterfield, Soothsayer, Auckland, Band- albion, and Intrepid, and, as will thus be seen, the honours were very equally divided amongst the sires. It would be unfair in closing our notice of the meeting not to com pliment Mr. Scarr and Mr. Rouse for the man ner m which they discharged their duties as andieapper and starter, and we hope that club will be able to bring off as equally a successful meeting in the autumn. Sydney Turf Club meeting Sv, i, last' Murray (9st 71b) beat thello (I2st 71b) by hardly half a length in _ j orinthian Cup, one mile and a quarter, m , 'jf s.ome little ill-feeling arose out of it, a £100 was made between them. »«» 2 on the Randwick course on ay ast» when the correctness of the previous running was borne out, as Murray b®at his antagonist by a head, m, Tnta ,raceilorBe3 took place in Sydney former wen that well-known per- resS f Dean> was sold to Mr. W. For ming fell + TurUmof 21? guineas. The Ad- 115 pii in ' knight, dirt cheap, for Mr a rs' a Coxcomb was purchased by Martin Ser' Kimvood for £50. Mr. S. but the rr CUr , ?iack iSwan for 350 guineas, bought f!nera imPression was that she was horL Jf' and though a number of other changed hands ahve are all that rested tuallic.ians doubtlesss be inte- of st pi 11ar that the reverend incumbent denounein ?v8' Sydney' Canon O'Relly, in day night l o£ horse-racing on Sun- 8elfishneBr un amount o£ makers are?n „ +. & 8aid he' " the faook- yu I don't 8?? heaven, then I can assure The I? 4 1 go." ell-known imported horse Vasco di \ Gama, by Beadsman from Salam«n« != announoedto stand this season SCiiT near the Murehlson railway station at ten gUl"-H. ?£cin? m need hardly be re minded that Bdsman, the sire ot Yasoodi Gama, won the Derby of 1858 ; and ae Wo foU brother, Pero Gomez, won the Wer0£ 18b9, he is worthy of a trial by owners of thoroughbred mares. The many admirers of Sweetmeat, who mn second .to Hesperian for the HawtoW Handicap, wiU regret to hear that whence was being taken home after his great victory m the Bandwiek Plate on Saturfa, last, he was frightened by a passing omnibus, and® in the endeavour to get away, trod upon a piece of glass bottle, which cut him so se. verely that ,t is doubtful if he win ever ra again. Sweetmeat hae been a remarkably good performer during his career, and as he hasoniy 8st 41b in the Melbourne Onp, a weight of which he has proved himself to be master of, it was thought by a large number tfdareaUygood chance of pulling off the Melbourne Cup - Mr Ivory has hitherto been so unfortenate with the son of Yattendon and Sultana, that all sporting men will regret to hear of the acci dent, which, as we hear, has terminated his career on the turf. The Adelaide Observer states that Rita has been scratched for all engagements, including the Melbourne Cup ; also, that Mr. Jackson has had the bad luck to lose his favourite mare The Nightingale, by Tregeagle— Jenny Lind, who was so well known on South Aus tralian racecourses a few years back. She came to her death in foaling on Thursday morning, the 9th inst. The youngster that- caused the trouble, a strapping great filly /Byji Electricity, has been saved, but its own6r is doubtful about its living. The Nightingale won several handicaps in fair company, btrt- her best performance was running third to Aldinga and Whisperer in the Adelaide Cup. Mr. Jackson was particularly fond of her, and those who know the cheery old Yorkshire trainer can easily imagine that he is very much cut up at losing his pet. The work now being done at Morphettville in the morn ings is rather interesting, and on Saturday, the 4th inst., Hill's youngsters had a brush up, which resulted in Lavinia cleaning out both Spectre and Topaz, the three finishing in the order named, and doing the five fur longs in lmin. 9£sec., which is not equal to the time Topaz made in public last month. Royal Consort is doing good strong work every morning with Darriwell, from which it is imagined that he is intended to run in the S.A- J.C. Derby. The Tasmanian Jockey Club have an nounced a capital programme of events to be decided at Hobart Town on New Year's Day, but unfortunately the midsummer meeting of the Victoria Racing Club will prevent many of cur horses from taking part at the meet ing. The events to be decided are the Maiden Plate of £20, with a sweep of £2 ; the Two-year- old Stakes of £20, the President's Plate, a free handicap of £50, the gift of the Hon John Lord, M.L.C. ; the All-aged Stakes of £15, and the Hurdle Race of £30. The conditions are framed on a liberal scale, and as the committee are doing all in their power to advance the interests of the sport at Hobart Town, we hope the owners of horses will not be backward in lending them a helD- ing hand. Owners of thoroughbred sires must not for get that the V.R.C. Sires' Produce Stakes for 1884 are to close at 4 p.m. on Monday next, the 20th inst. As all interested are doubt- ' less aware, the stake is a sweep of £10 each, half forfeit, £2 10s. only if declared before 4 p.m. on the 1st February, 1884, added to a sub scription of £20 each from the owners of thoroughbred sires, and £150 from the Vic toria Racing Club ; for two-year-olds, the produce of sires whose owners are subscri bers to this stake. A special feature in the con ditions is the fact that the nominator of the sire of the winner is to receive £100 out of the stake, and as the importance of having sires nominated for such events as produce stakes has long been recognised by breeders and racing men, doubtless the stake will be liberally patronised on Monday next by the owners of thoroughbred sire in this and the neighbouring colonies. Sporting men desirous of speculating in sweeps on the Melbourne Cup have every op portunity afforded them of gratifying their in clination, as will be seen by consulting our advertising columns. The committee of the Ballarat Turf Club have not been long in issuing theii programme for their approaching meeting on the 18th and 19th November, and we have little hesitation in saying that it will give the utmost satis faction to owners of horses. The opening event is the Normanby Stakes of £50, one mile, and then follows the Handicap Hurdle Race, to which the handsome sum of £100 has been added. The Ballarat Cup is sup plemented with £150, but we observe that the committee have omitted to mention at what distance it is to be run.- As the handicap on the second day is to be run at a mile and a quarter, possibly the intention is to make the Cup a quarter or half a mile further, hut, no doubt, the committee, now that their inten- tipn has been drawn to it, will soon rectify the omission. After the Cup coffaes the Dowling Forest Stakes ; and the Free Handi cap of £25, as it only costs the acceptor £1, ought to secure all the available half- milers. The racing on the second day will be inaugurated by the Sutton Handicap, which is a selling race of the value of £50 ; and the Corner Handicap, to be run at half a mile, will serve as an appetiser to the Handicap. To this " a century" has been abided, and then follows the Steeplechase of £125, and the Novel Selling Handicap of £50 terminates a rattling two days' programme. Owners of horses will, no doubt, perceive that thp> conditions have been made as light as possible, and as satisfactory sums have also been added to the respective races, doubtless the entries, which are to close on the 25th October, will be, in every way, worthy nf the programme. The complimentary race-meeting given at Randwick on Monday last by the Sydney Turf Club to Sir Hercules Robinson -appears to have been a very successful affair, as the weather was charmingly fine, and"J? ance numbered something like 7,000. Alter a run of ill-luck, His Lordship suceaedm winning the Welcome Stakes, with 8st 101b, and as the faint-hearted son of The Marquis 1 ran the six furlongs under limn, lusec., this Bhows that he yet retains the pace which made him so formidable amongst the horses of his year as a two-year-old. Behind him were the uncertain Lightning and The Baroness, who has often 6hown a turn of ; speed ; and as the winner was greatly fancied, j and started at a remunerative price, the racing commenced very auspiciously for the backers of horses. After the running of Rapid Bay's two sons, Loftusand Mistletoe, at the Sydney Tattersall's Meeting on the 14th August last, they were, of course, all the rage for the Juvenile Stakes, but neither of them had the ghost of a chance with Flora, a speedy daughter of Malta and Rosemary, who, jumping away in front, was never headed, and won as she liked in the fast time, for half a mile, of 51£sec. The winner is not in the Maribyrnong Plate, but Shipka, fcy The Marquis from China Rose, who ran second to Flora, is in the list, and judging from what we hear, the New South Wales contingent will be very hard to beat for our great two-year- old event. The Corinthian Cup produced a great finish between Murray and Othello, resulting in a victory for the former, and an upset occurred in the Selling Plate, as the unbacked Rosinante fairly lost a moderate field in the Selling Plate. The Steeplechase afforded another illustration of the truth of the fact that weight will not stop a good horse, as In trepid, with the welter weight of 12st 41b, fairly lost his field in the Steeplechase Still, had Express stood up, the result might have been different; but, after all, no one can begrudge the top-weight his victory. Black Swan fairly ran away with ths Farewell . Handicap, beating a good field, which termi nated what proved to be a first- class day's sport. The steamship Aldinga, which left Adelaide \- on Thureday last, arrived in Hobson's Bay on the following Monday, after an extremely rough passage, with the racehorses, Banter, Englishman, Wandering Jew ; the two-year- olds, Henrietta, King of the Hill, Whirlwind, Topaz ; and the jumping horses, Snowstorm, Timberoo, Thane, and Abbot. Banter, Snowstorm, and The Wandering Jew were more or less injured, but King of the Hill, by Talk of the Hill from Wongalere, was so much hurt that he died a few hours after he was landed. The horses remained on Tuesday at the Royal Horse Bazaar, in Bourke street west, but have since been removed to Bellair's Pastoral hotel, Flemington. All of them are very forward in condition, and with a little good fortune will distin guish themselves, either at the complimen tary race- meeting to Sir Hercules Robinson, or at the approaching Y.R.C. Spring Meeting. Owing to the recent gales and heavy down pour of rain, the Flemington course and training-ground have been completely inun dated with water and mud, and, as a matter of fact, the water on the course was fully 4ft. deep on Monday last. Under these cir cumstances it was manifestly impossible tnat the complimentary race-meeting to Sir Hercules Robinson could take place to day (Saturday), and the committee of the Victoria Amateur Turf . Club very generously proffered to lend their course to the V.R.C. if it were absolutely necessary that the meeting should take place on the date originally selected. A meeting of the committee of the Victoria Racing Club was held on Wednesday afternoon to consider the matter, and it was ultimately decided to post pone the meeting until Monday next, the 20th inst. As can be easily imagined, the course is in a dreadful state, but if the present fine weather holds ur>. the coiner will be pretty fair by the time Monday comes round. The Bendigo Jockey Club are in the field with thgir programme, to be decided on the 1st and 2nd December, and, as usual, it is framed with an eye to give every satisfaction to owners of horses. On the first day the programme consists of the Hurdle Race of £85, Epsom Handicap of £75, Bendigo Han dicap of £150, Selling Race of £75, and Tele graph Stakes of £70, which is a bill of fare that should give the utmost satisfaction to owners of horses. The programme on the second day consists of the Selling Hurdle Race of £75, Flying Handicap of £60, Sand hurst Cup of £200, Steeplechase of £100, and Selling Race of £50, and, as will thus be seen, Mr. W. P. Neal and his coadjutors have an nounced a programme worthy of the city of Sandhurst and district. The Wyndham Racing Club announce that tenders wiU he received until the 30th inst. for thn ri&bt; In otoyo rain — O VXCVUXy UU IfUV Wyndham racecourse and recreation ground. The land is securely fenced in with top-rail and five wires, and contains about 105 acres, the quality of which cannot be surpassed either for grazing or training purposes. Further particulars can be ascertained from Mr. M. Wall, the secretary of the club. The latest scratchings for the Melbourne Cup are Queen Bee, Rita, and Chatterbox The weights for the handicaps to be decided at the complimentary race-meeting to Sir Hercules Robinson, on Monday next, were duly posted at Mr. Bagot's office on Tuesday last, and of course have come in for the usual amount of adverse criticism from some disappointed owners and waitists. Of course Mr. Barnard has made some mistakes, notably where he has placed the pony Robin Hood alongside such a performer as Sir Joseph ; but, after all, we have no doubt the handicaps will give us some close finishes. In the .Hurdle Race the best in appear to be Canezdu, Abbot, and Dictator ; but, in the absence of owners' intentions, we cannot pre tend to advise. Wellington, Douglaston, Sea Serpent, and Shadow are the best quartette for the Robinson Stakes, and if the New Zea land horse Mata is the animal he is repre sented. to be,, the weight should not stop him in the Welter Handicap. Simpleton and Trumpeter are the best on paper for the Steeplechase with all their weights, and such horses as Wellington, Haidee of the Hills, Sir J oseph, and Lothair will be terribly hard to beat in the Farewell Handicap: The running track is, however, so heavy and sloppy-, that backers of horses will consult their own interests if they defer backing any thing until they see the horses go to the post. The following are the amounts won at the late A. J.GMeeting : — Mr. W. A. Long, £1,334; Hon. J. White, £898 ; Mr. T. Ivory, £682 ; Mr. Brennan, £230 ; Mr. Thomas, £200 ; Mr. Yeend, £171 ; Mr. Hubert, £146 ; Mr. Warn, £145 ; Mr. De Mesfcre, £140 ; Mr. J. Cook, £138 ; Mr. S. Cook, £135 ; Mr. N.P.Bayley, £134 ; Mr. Martin, £105; Mr. J. Mayo, £120 ; Dr. Cortis, £100 ; Mr. D. Melhado, £100 ; Mr. Dargin, £64 ; and some smaller amounts. The following was paid over at the Sydney Turf Club Meeting: — Mr. J. Mayo, £70; Mr. Yeend, £60-; Mr. Skuthorpe, £60; Mr. De Mestre, £50 ; Mr. G. Donnelly, £50 ; Mr. Warn, £56. The general settling-over the late Randwick Spring Meeting will take place on Monday next, but Mr. Eccles, the secretary of the Vic torian Tattersall's Association, St. James's hall, informs us that on Monday evening last £240 was. paid away by his committee to the winners of the respective Calcutta sweeps drawn in the room over the late A. J.C. meet ing. The well- known racehorses Trevallyn, Averuus, and Trump Yoss arrived overland from Sydney on Thursday last, and have taken up their quarters at Flemington. The trio are looking exceedingly well, particularly the Derby colt, who looks none the worse for his exertions at the late A. J.C. Spring Meet ing, and will doubtless render a good account of himself in the race for our " blue ribbon" next month. The entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, to take place at Flemington on Saturday, the 2nd October, closed on Thurs day last. The Hurdle Race and Steeplechase have not filled so well as expected, hut the other events have been well supported, and a good day's sport may be confidently antici- pated. Weights for the Northern Jockey Club (Maitland) and entries for the. Queensland Turf Club meetings will be found below. The attention of the Legislative Assembly was occupied for nearly two hours on Wed nesday last in discussing the second reading of the Betting Prevention Bill, which, of course, means the legalisation of " the totali- sator." The arguments adduced in its favour by Dr. L. L. Smith, who introduced the bill, were weak and puerile in the extreme, the hon. gentleman apparently being half-hearted in the matter Mr. G. D. Carter's remarks in opposition were a great deal more to the point ; and though the second reading was carried by thirty to twenty- seven, there is not the slightest doubt but that the bill will never be carried in the Lower House. If, however , the bill is passed, Mr. Franck, the gentleman who introduced "the totalisator" in these colonies, will not have it all his own way, as on Monday last Mr. F. A. Schinnenling, of Hotham, cabinet- maker, obtained a patent for an improved registering machine, to be called " Schinnenling's totalisator." Mr. Franck, of course, opposed the application, but it was granted subject to certain restric tions. The Donc&ster; St. Leger was duly decided on Wednesday last, and we learn by cable gram that it was won by Robert the Devil, with Cipolata second, and The Abbot third. Doubtless it will be remembered that Robert the Devil was beaten only a head for the Derby by Bend Or, and the general opinion of nine-tenths of those who witnessed the contest was, that Rossiter had fairly thrown the race away, Bend Or owing his victory to the dashing manner in which he was ridden by Fred Archer. This idea was partly con firmed by the style in which " Robert" landed the Grand Prix de Paris on the Sun day following ; and as Bend Or, who is, how ever, a delicate horse, failed to get a place in the " Sellinger,"Bend Or's Derby victory will thus he handed down to all time as a fluke. The latest betting received from England was 5 to 2 agst Bvend Or, 7 to 2 agst Robert the Devil, 1,000 to 60 each agst Cipolata and The Abbot: but as Messrs. Brewer and Blanton backed " Robert" for a large stake, as well, as for many thousands coupled with his stable companion (Mask) and also Bend Or, " the ring " must have received a bit of " a facer." Cipolata, the second horse, is the property of Lord Rosebery, and at the Newmarket July Meeting, with 111b the best of the weights, beat Robert the Devil in the Midsummer Stakes, so that her position in the Derby could not have been much of a surprise. The Abbot, who finished third, has certainly been, an unlucky horse, as he ran second to Petronel for the Two Thousand Guineas, and second to Zealot for the Prince of Wales Stakes at Ascot, but his owner could have hardly ex pected him to get any nearer than third. There was a good deal of betting in Sydney during the late spring meeting on the Don- caster St. Leger, decided on Wednesday last, and all that made a book on it came out on the wrong side of " the ledger." The metal- licans cave three aeainst the field, and. as a rule, the changes were rung on Robert the Devil, The Abbot, Cipolata, and Mask, and as Bend Or's name was systematically left out, this, coupled with the fact that he did not succeed in gaining a place, would lead one to suppose that Bend Or could not have started, or that he must have gone all to pieces. The scratchings for the farewell race-meet ing to Sir Hercules Robinson are : — Canard, Bosworth, Robin Hood, and Ravenswood for Farewell Handicap; Elon for the Hurdle Race, and Don Silva for all engagements. . In connection with the extraordinary weight placed upon the pony Robin Hood for the Farewell Handicap, to be decided at Flemington on Monday next, we are informed on good authority that the handicapper mis - took him for Robin Hood, a well-known grey horse by Snowden, and who has performed fairly well in the North-eastern District. Mr. Baldock, of course, scratched the pony when the weights appeared, but as it was specially stated in the nomination-paper that Robin Hood was a galloway, it is a great pity that it was not also inserted in the printed list of entries, which would have prevented Mr. Barnard from making the mistake he did. j The Victorian visitors to the A. J.C. Spring Meeting are returning daily both by sea and land, and the steamship Rqdondo, which ar- j rived on Thursday night, had a long list' of passengers. There were also on board the racehorses Hastings, Hopeful, Cruiser (who has been enjoying a spell), Express, Sooth- j sayer, and a Queensland two-year-old by i Epigram, the property of Mr. J. J. Miller. 1 The voyage was a very pleasant one, and the j horses were landed safe and sound. In sporting circles yesterday the great topic of the day was whether, in view of the state of the course and the probability of the continuance of wet weather, the Victoria 1 Racing Club will be able to bringoff the com plimentary race-meeting to Sir Hercules Robinson on Monday next. The running- ground, especially near the commencement the straight running, and in the training- ground, over which the Steeplechase horses will have to run, could not possibly be worse, nor is the oourse in front of the stand much better ; but the committee have decided to bring it off, if possible, at all hazards. Any idea that might have been entertained of changing the venue to Cauifield has had to be abandoned, in consequence of the objections of some of the owners, and as others will not risk the horses at Flemington, the meeting will not be the success the occasion and tie merits of the programme deserve. One of the great difficulties the Sale Turf Club has had to contend against has been the I handicapping question, and we are informed I that the committee have appointed Mr. ; George Vowles to adjust the weights for their I annual meeting on the 21st October. The I splendid finish Mr. Vowles gave us in the ' memorable Cauifield Cup won by Newmin- : ster will not soon be forgotten by tho.se who i were present ; and as he has been equally fortunate at Avoca, Talbot, Dunolly, Mary- ! borough, and Carisbrook, as well as other important country race-meetings this is an ample guarantee that the Sale Turf Club will also see some close finishes for their respec tive handicaps. 