THE A. THE R05TAL, Flotow's opera oi " Martha" is one of the few \- musical compositions illustrative of English life, which is more acceptable when rendered by an English than by an Italian company. jThere is something [incongruous in the Italian accent and in thegancheries of Italian actors at the old fashioned English merrymakings, and although the opera is seldom put onthestage in thecolonies with a full complement of subordinates to make the fair scene at all xealistio, yet "Martha" in English is generally preferable to the Italian version. Of coarse we refer more particularly to the action of the'piece, because it must be admitted that the music when given in Italian Is softer and more flowing than when rendered in the mother tongue. Written by a German who received his musical education jin Paris, the action of the opera being laid in (England and the leading theme being an Irish air, it4will be Been that the elements of " Martha, or the Statute Fair," are some what mixed. Flotow, however, was not far wroDg in selecting .the favorite air best known as "The Last Rose of Summer" as a groundwork for elaboration into the prin cipal melody of his opera, or Richmond Fair in the days of Queen Anne at the Scene Of the adventures of Lady Henrietta and her confidante Nancy. The idea of a 'lady of the court attending the Btetute fair in disguise, and being foolish.enough tq take the money, whioh made her hiring to Lionel a legal engagement as servant for the space of a year is romantic enough to be the moBt striking incident of the story, and the hiring of her companion and the capture of Lionel and Plunkett as their lovers only follow as a . natural sequence. The antiquated beau, Sir Tristan de Mic&leford; (Lady Henrietta's cousfn), is used aS a foil to the wayward beauty, who, while rejecting his amorous addresses, is not above accepting his services in the adventure that she has planned, and be reluctantly enough accompanies the young women to -the fair in the disguise of a serving man, and lends valuable aid afterwards in rescuing them from the keeping of their masters. On Thursday night when this opera was presented at the Theatre Royal Miss EUa May assumed the role of Lady Harriet, Miss Lambert was Nancy, Mr. Beaumont appeared as Lionel, Mr. Templeton as Plunkett, Mr. Howell as Sir Tristan, and' Mr. Levison as the Mayor of Richmond. Taken as a whole, the performance was only a moderate one, being uneveB, and affording evidence of want of rehearsal. Miss May did not seem to bei quite at heme in the part, but she sang the charming romanza, "'lis the last rose of sum mer," in a careful and finished style that won for her a well-deserved encore. Miss Lambert was spirited and vivacious as Nancy, and sang and adted with commendable ability. Mr. Reaumo.it tljiew a great deal of life into his part, and being- in excellent voice gave the molodions aria "My raptured gaze" and other gems that fall to his share - in a style which elicited rounds of approbation from all present, Mr. Temple ton was fairly successful aa Plunkett, and the same may be said of Mr. Levison as Hie Mayor, but Mr. Howell scarcely realised the cha racter of the old courtier, Sir Tristan. Some of the concerted pieces were well _ rendered*, and the choruses at the end of the tecond and third acta were the best of the evening, but the orchestration was occasionally defective. This evening Weber's masterpiece " Der Freischute" will be presented, with the parts arranged as below—-Prince Ottocar, Mr. Johnston; Max, Mr. Beaumont'; Caspar, Mr. Templeton; Kuno, Mr. Howell; Hermit,-Mr. Whitworth:Killian,Mr. Vernon; 2amiel,Mr. Levison; First Bridesmaid, Miss Harris; Second Bridesmaid, Miss Trevorah; Agatha, Miss Elan May; and Anne, Madame Rose Hersee. Professes Pepper repeated his Ghost, entertainment at Garner's Theatre on Thursday evening to a large audience. The professor was continually applauded, aud the antics of his ghosta caused great amusement. A complete change oi programme is announced for Saturday evening. - . High compliments were paid to the > secretary of the Marine Board (Mr. T. N. Stephens) at the meetingof that bodyon Thurs day,. Octobes ld, for his exertions in preparing the ponderous Marine Board Bill, which it is proposed to introduce into Parliament as soon as'po'saibLe. . Minutes on the subject were read, from the Treasurer and Attorney-General, both of whom expressed their appreciation of Mr. Stephen's services. The Attorney-General stated that "it was exceedingly gratifying to find an officer taking such pride in and osing such efforts to make his department of greater ser vice to the public." He considered that Mr. Stephens should receive some substantialtoken of ithe approval of the Government of his work. .On Thursday afternoon, October 14, Dr. Veroo delivered a lecture at the Children's Hospital, North Adelaide, on ".The temperature of; toe human body when in health." There were about thirty ladies present, as well as some ' ] of! the hospital nurses.. The doctor explained, that the average heat of the body was 98 degrees. With old people! t might be t wo or three degrees loWer, and with ehildren a degree or two- higher, rIf'a man was healtby.it did notmattec whether he went to the atptia ortropical; regiojas.th' life,; the temperature of' his ibody iwonld vary but little. It was .wonderful' haw the body could accommodate itself to the extremeaqf: climates, '| They had cases in England in large ironworks where men bed worked in 400 degrees of heat ; (Fahrenheit),and there wasbut little change ihtlie" temperature of their bodies.. The doctor then in an interesting- manner explained' how neath ■: was maintained by food. He pointedlout that people should dress according to the seasons, and also to the necessity of regulating thedieWThe lecture was listened to with great attention throughout. The city coroner (Mr. T.Wartifc J.P.) held an inquest on Thursday, October 14, at the Old Colonist Ion, Angas- street, on the body of William Thomas Bryce, aged one year ana seven months, who was found smothered in a cesspit on the previous day. Dr. Verco, wtnr , was called in to see the ohild on Wednesday, said the cause of death was suffocation. Minnie Bryce, the mother of the deceased, said she last saw him alive on Wednesday evening, playing, on the doorstep of an adjoining house. Missed him about ten minutes afterwards and imme diately made searoh, finding deceased about three hours afterwards in a cesspit of an empty cottage in the same yard. When he was brought up he was quite dead. There was no latch to the 4o°?> and the closet was fall of soil. Several other, witnesses corroborated the state ments made by. Mrs. Bryce, and said that when the child was found the seat was on the oloBet. The jury returned a verdiot that the cause. of> death was suffocation by accidentally falling into a cesspit, no blame beiBg attached to any-: one. The jury wished,the coroner to oall the - attention of the owner of the property, Mr. Jones, to the full state of the cesspit. The following petition was presented by - the Hon. L. Glyde m the House of Assembly en Thursday:—"The petition of the undersigned. " merchants, farmers, tradesmen,. laborers, and others, living at and near Mount Gambler, Miili- . cent, and the South-Bast generally, humbly sheweth—1. That such of your petitioners as are engaged in trade are put to heavy less and suffer great inconvenience by reason of the ina bility of the farming population to dispose of their produce. 2. That suoh of your petitioners as are farmers have now lying by them hun dreds of tons ef potatoes and a large quantity of barley, which theyare unable to make sale of." 3\. That suoh of your petitioners as are other-. . - wise engaged are injured in:their circumstances, and are short of work by means of this want ef market. 4. That as an united body your peti tioners beg respectfully to state to your hoqor able House that every interest in their midst ih ; in a very depressed state, aud also that your petitioners earnestly and sincerely believe that the whole district would again prosper were dis tillation from farming produce permitted under the same regulations as are applied to the dis tilling from grapes and other fruit. Tour peti tioners therefore humbly and confidently ap-' ? proacb your honorable House, and pray that you will bepleased to amend the laws relating to distillation in such a manner that grain and potatoes may lawfully be distilled." As our cablegrams stated, tbs American,., Hop Bitters Manufacturing Company wrote tir - Triokett, offering £1,000 money prise to beoom peted for in a professional seolling-race, open, to. all tLe world, on English waters. Their letter • was as follows■" Dear Sir—Being desirous to see the world's greatest oarsmen- compete ? together in a contest, and as our prominent ones in the United States have ex- • pressed a desire to meet them, we write to ask you if you .will enter and row in a single sculling regatta, to be held on the Thames, or , other suitable water near London, England; some time, in November or December, 1830, for the Hop Bitters prize, cash value $5,000, viz., for the first man, $2,-500; for the second, $ 1,500; tor the third, $700; and for the fourth, $300. hntries free. Open to all the world. Fieaae reply at earliest convenience, and give your . ? preference as to time and looation; alse r do us the favor to ask Laycock if he will - enter, and report same to ub. (Signed) - : The Hop BitterS Manufacturing Company.^ : Trichett replied accepting the proposal, but re fusiDg to row later than November 22, being de sirouB that Laycock, who mast leave England " by November 26, should take part in the race. Trickftt also stipulates that if the race "bar rowed on the Thames, ic mast be in heats, as there would not be room-on the river otherwise, aud suggests that the trustees of the Sportsman's Challenge Cup shall arrange the heats in-suoh a- ' way, that one American, Australian, and Bug- . lishman shall row in each. The general opinion oi rowing men is unfavorable to Trickett's style-, as.he slides short. Both he and Laycock are out on the water once daily,, mid- they take much land exercise. A steam launch swamped Laycock on the 1st of'September but no harm was done, the boat being only slightly damaged. The work on the Victor Harhor break water is slowly, though sorely progressing,, and. . . to the casual observer much difference is appa- • - rent every week. The barge John Eobb is now in fall swing again, and ia working well, so that greater progress" may" be made daring the : * coming fine weather. The present tunnel ; is ; being driven much more rapidly than either of. \ . the previous ones, as . the compressed air drill has been brought into use with suooess; It was 11 tried 'in the. other tunnels, hut did- not * answer. Now, • -however, it is working well, and the rapidity with which- holes , several feet deep, are bored into the flinty: ., granite is astonishing. Soles are bored to' a " depth of from three to four feet in a few minutes where by the old method it used to take- > hours. It is very interesting to watch the drill at work. One man guides the- instrament, which goes at a tremendous rate, making a noise whioh is to unacohstomed ears rather harsh, while another keeps the drill, cool with- .* water applied with a Iprge syringe. The air is supplied from an engine adjoining the workshop on the north-west side of the island, the tnbing being laid over the island to the tunnel, which is> TA ontheeast side. The straight drive is takea into a depth-of 100 feet. To the* right-. . there is a drive for a distance of S3 feet, which ' then turns to the left ag∈ for 30 feet; This is to be taken in for another 20 feet, when it ia , supposed to be finished^ Judging by appearances a vejy heavy charge will be required to throw . open this drive, for there is a tremendous*.;>,-*«% quantity, of granite above it, and the tonneL a is driven lower than usual. The sorew-pila jetty'' . is approaohing completion. Nearly all the piles - - are down, and the work of planking will how-be proceeded with. The steam-hammer is _a great deal used, and- saves mnoh labor and time. Everything in connection with the works seems to'be proceeding well at present, although the number of hands employed is small compared, with what it has been.'' Strangers visiting Port Victor during the summer will derive much. . pleasure from an inspection of the works. -5 The bazaar at:the Town Hall Exchange room in aid of the charities under the Sisters of jSt. Joseph ,waa .concluded on Thursday even ing, October 14. There-was a very large atten dance, the room not being nearly capacloqa enough to 'hold so many people.- A 'large anjount of business was done, and the takings ware- highly satisfactory. As there is still "a ' large-quantity of goods on hand, ic is probable - (hat the bazaar will be coutinued next weekia . the shape of a fete champetre. It will he seen by an advertisement that & \- > committee of ladies and. gentlemen have arranged for a concert, eariy noxt week in- the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in aid of the Prima Donna fuad. The vocalists and instrumentalists are well known, and (here is no doubt that the proceedings will prove in every way a ' suocesa. Mr. J. Hore, the Port Adelaide Blondin, who has recently dratWn, such orowds to his open-air performances at Portland Estate, has' also promised to assist the Prima Donna fond by - '" handing over to the committee the -proceeds of. - his entertainment to be given this evening at Portland Estate. A meeting to c'onsider the establishment of a Bohemian Cricket Club was held - at* the Prince Alfred Hotel on Wednesday evening, October 13, Mr. J. S. Flemingpreriding. -There. , was a good attendance. The preliminary steps necessary for the formation of the cliib were taken j and amumber of rules were agreed to.— ,. The principles on which the clnb'is established^ .£ are in many respects novel. Besides providing* .X ^ for healthful outdoor amusement, it has beau- _ ' decided that the club should have; associated with it if practicable a dramatic aiid musical ■ - society, and arrangements have'been made for •* ' the periodical holding of sociaT meetings,'- Some: thirty names are now included in the membership. Mr. J. S. Fleming has been elected - chairman of the olnb; Messrs. John Opey affd-f ».? F. T. Robertson, vice-chairmen; Lieutenant r,-:a Shackle, |of the reserve fon», treasurer ; and" Mr. D. J. D. Beresford, secretary. In addition?-' to these officers (die executive of the olnb'ihohuUP A Messrs. A. C. Johnson, E. G. Bagot, "W.T.Olm-A « dening, and H. T. Melville. : r" •; a 