Bits fiom .NeW Books- HINDOO SUEEBSTITION.. by Maori" (James Inglis). I'ThSuB' was ; o 'n5de flat littlo field cl6so to the \yator at Parowah, in which t Hli6aghVXJcauld gftVa gbod crop of oats| 'dari'ig'the'culd'W'ath'eV/ I Borit for the I?dangui , ' mates;iftud ; asked them tohave [it dug up next day. They hnmmod: and hawed'and heeitated, !, ab.i thought,' :in '? rather ''a-- , strange ? manner/.' but do- 1 parted. In-the evening back 1 they! canio, ? to 1 tell 'me' tliat : tbb'dangurs vjould: not dig up thp field. ; ' ?-' - : i -? " : Why:?''-I akked;- ' ;?'???/?'.' l:i > \ " Well you se6; ,: 'Sahib,""said -old; Teorborian) who , 'was- the 1 patriarch and' bhiof-spokesmail'of the , vijla'ge,""this; field has been-used-' for'ytSars as a burn ing" ghaut" ,; (i.e.,"?b. place : where the, ; bodies of derid Hindoos were buried;) i ? "-Well?? , -'BDid/I; ' '?" ?'?? "???'? A , -- ! ? " Well, Sahib) my men say that if tbey disturb this land, the ' Bhoots' (ghosts) of nil tboso ? wlib have been burned there will haritit the village nt 'night, hnd'they hope youwill not-per-- siet, in.asldng thorn to dig up the land.' , \- "Very well, bring down ; the men \vith ! their digging hoes; and-1 will ace,"; : Accordingly, next mornitig,' I went down' onmy pohyj found the dangnrs all a?somblod, but no digging going on; -'I. called ! them together, told them it was very reasonable fear thoy had, lint that I would oust such.a spell on tho land as would eettlo thegho?ts of the departed, for : evbr. -I then got a branch of a " bael" tree—the "babl" or wood-apple; is ft,.eacrod wood with Hindoos—that! grew closo by, dipped it in the stream,'; and walking backwards round the ground, waved 1, the dripping branch rouad my head, ropoating nt tho, same time the first gibberish that came into my roeollection. My incantation or spell was an old Scotch rhyme I;had often repeated wh.ou a child nt school,' It had tho desired effect, No sooner was my charm nttored, than, nfter a few oncouraging words to the men, telling them that thoro was now no fear, that my charm was poworful enough to lay all the spirits in the country, and that I would take all tho responsibility,' they set to work with a will, and had tho wholo field dug up by tho evening.— Sport ami Work on the Nepaul Frontier; by I' Maori" (James Inglis). night, nnd they hope ynuwill npt-per sist iii.nsking thorn to dig up the land.'' -"Very well, bring down ; the men ?withJtheir" digging hoes; and-I will see,"; : Accordingly, next mornibg,' I went down onmy pony > found the (Inngars all assembled, but nb digging gbing on; I. callcdthem together, told them it was a! very reasonable fear thoy had, -bn't that I would ohst such.a spell en the land as would Bettlo the gho?ts of the departed j fpr : evbr. -I then get a branch of a " bael" tree—tho "babl" or wood-apple; is a,Bacrod wood With Hindoos—that; grew closo by, dipped it in the stream,; and walking bnokwards rpund tho i gruund, waved 1 tho dripping branch round my bond, ropoating at tho, same time the first gibberish that oamo into my rocollection. My incantation or spell was an old Scotch rhyme I;hpd often repeated whpu a child at school,! It had tho desired effect, No sooner was my charm nttorcd, than, after a few oncournging words to the men, telling them that thoro was now. no fear, that my charm was poworful enough to lay all the spirits in tho country, and that I would take all tho responsibility,' they set to work with a will, nnd had the whoto'field dug up by tho evening.— Sport anil Work on the Nepaul Frontier; 