THE ASSEMBLY. Oh, bia sed papor crod t \- Popo. Business yesterday commenced at the ortbc dox time of balf past 4 o'olook, when Mr Speaker mounted his throne. Mr Sergeant- it. Arms deposited bis bauble in its place on tho table. En passant, I hear that tbe mace, is to be exhibited at the big show, under the guars dianehip of Mr Sergeant at-Arma— but this is incredible. Mr 'Deakingis a promising youtb, I should think. He looks a deal too substantial for a Spiritist ; but oi oouree ono must not judge of the soul by its casement. Mr Dcakin hae a nice manner, and altogether impresses you with an idea of muffins and tea ; but I am told tbatho is roally a gentleman of much force of character and considerable talent. Cer tainly he epeake like a book, and should, I think, have chosen the pulpit as a profession, rather than the troubled arena of politics. However, this is only a passing thought, and baa nothing to do with that which suggested it, whioh was Mr Deakin's question to the Chief Secretary relative to the attendance of members of Parliament at public offices. Mr Deaklu asked if Mr Bury would consult with his oolleaguoa with a view to prevent the attendanoB of mombers at the offices, excoptlng upon matters relating purely to public affairs. To thla Mi- Berry, in a patronising Bort of way— -to whioh the honorable gentleman is somewhat prone — answered that be should be very happy 1 I ho could carry out Mr Deakin's idea ; but it was a matter which rested with members them selves, and could not be controlled by any resolution of tho House. A little experience (added Mr Berry) would teach honorable members how to avoid the importunities of constituents ; and, as he said this, Mr Barry looked remarkably like an old fox teaching a young one how to rob a hen-roost. Well, tbe next matter of interest was tbe revelation that Mr Mason did not recelvd any salary as one of tbe visitors to tho Lunntio Asylum ; be only bad his expenses — £50 per annum— reimbursed. Mr Mason iB an olfisial visitor; other visitors are paid £250 per annum. I'll bo one of tbe " other" visitors please. Now once again in stalked the Ghost of the Unemployed (what a farce one oould make of the subject) in the ahapo of a qnestion from jolly Mr Bent, who asked the Ouief ' Secretary wben he meant to piaoe upon tbe table the ro> turns ho had promised respecting Mr Bint's alleged unauthorised expenditure when Minister of Works, Then Mr Birry eaid that he wsb not aware that be had made ench a promise, at whioh Mr Bent pursed up his lips, as though be were going to whistle, and sat back in bis seat with an expression on hid fsao whioh I could road, as interpreting his thought, " Oh 1 what a whopper!" Mr Berry went on to say that a statement bad been laid on the table by the Commissioner of Public Works, and that It had appeared in the newspapers that morning ; at whioh Mr Service Baid that until he had seen it in tbe newspapers he had never heard of tho statement — whioh ib ie very likely, Mr Servioe. The Preee, sir, gets head of you slow coaches. However, vir Berry explained that ho auppoaod Mc Bent alluded to a remark whioh ho (Mr Berry) had made concerning tho L80,000 expended last yoar in exceBB of money voted by tha Uuu3e. There was, however, some misnnderetandiog as to this point, and if a motion were sub mitted od the eubjeot he was prepared to give hie explanation. Ah I Mr Barry, is there any mortal matter relative to whioh you would not be similarly prepared at five minutes' notice ? I don't believe that there ie. Tbe matter ended with the understanding that tho returns would be supplied to-night, and talked over after refreehmonts. Mako a good dinner, Mr Bent. and " wire in," Well, after this Mr W, M, Clark, with a Guy Faux sort of mnnner, aakod some questions relative to the salaries of oivll Horvauts. He darkly hinted that ho entertained a strong euapiohn that certain civil servants bad heen cashing advance notes, as we say at sea. Tnen Mr Clark Bat down with the air of a conspi rator, and Mr Berry, evidently oowod by the honorable gentleman's awful and ominous bearing, eaid faintly that be wonld inquire into the matter. Don t, Mr Berry, 'tis no avail. Tbo money isy spent, and whore's the use of crying over split milk The civil servant is worried enough by debts, and duns, snd Black Wednetdiys, and com. pensntlous. Leave the poor fellow alone and let Mr Clark coDjure up his worst. Presently my agricultural "ink- slinger," Mr Dow, hod something to sny about selectors' arrears of rent. Didn't they call Oobbett the farmers' friend? Yes? Well, then, we'll call Dow the selectors' champion. He would die of sheer inanition if he had not some grievance connected with bucolics upon which to exer cise hie oratory. I that I never look at his broad, good-natured face, and listen to his rugged voice, but my thoughts fly away to the cornfield, and I see Susan milking the cows, Jacob cursing tbe horses, the farmer's daughter flirting with' tbe new man — and all the rest of innocent country life. Admirable Mr Dow, who can so readily conjnre np these inspirations. However, I did not exactly understand the natnre of Mr Dow's spaooh. I know that it related a grievance, and that this grievance wbb connected with arrears of rent. Person, ally, as a constant Bufforer in this direction, my sympathies are with Mr Dow's proteges. Presently Mr M'Kean.unfolded blmself and re marked that tbe late Minister of Lands bad not read the clanse in question (whatever it was) ; or if be bad, bad done bo with a squatter's eye. Here somebody created laughter (bless him, It wbb needed) by interjecting "Fisher's eye," — referring of oourse to the optio whioh bad paralysed the colored Liberal np-oountry. Soon after this Mr Berry, in 'answer to Mr Service, said that in all probability be ehould make tbe Vrailget statement in a fortnight's time — on tboraftoesdny preceding tbe 1st October. Tho stv.offaat being delivered, he thought that the i "sue should adjourn for three weeks, Mr L. L, ith said that private members ought W-uuv&ythe; day following Tuesday on which tho statement was made. Both Mr - Service and Sir JohnO'Sbanasay objected to .the adjournment — the latter chiefly on tho ground that the House would then havo to sit during the close season ; very much, I presume, as wild fowl do. Let us hope honorable members will hatch as valu able productions. However, the matter was temporarily deferred, and Mr Bsrry then moved the second reading of the Treasury Bills Bill. This was the piece dc resistance of tbe evening, and a dull matter it was— heavy, flat, stale and unprofitable. It is not uecessary that I should follow Mr Berry in his speech upon tbo matter. Sutfioo it that he gave ex cellent reasons why the bill should bo osrried, and why the money it would raise for the Treasury was needed— reflecting, as a matter of course and usage, upon tbe finan cial Government of tbe previous Treasurer. He was consequently interrupted by eoma puzzling interjections; but, on I have said, Mr Berry is a man of ready resources, and is always able to gloze over this, and assert that, and suggest the other thing, with the art of a master. Sir John O'Shannassy especially put some awkward questions. For instance, when Mr Berryjsaid that " a Treasurer oould unly o.-tlmate according to the best of bis judgment wbat' revenue was likely to come In, and ha conld not make tbe actual receipts more or leas tban tbey were, tbe burly knight asked, " Bat why should he Bpend the money, if it iB not to come in ? To this Mr Borry, in the off-hand manner of Mr Montagu Tlgg, answered that there was a certain expenditure wbicb must go on, and that Id a country like this it was impossible to atop expenditure suddenly. Here Sir John re torted; " I can't see it. I should not take a contract anises I bad tbo money to pay for it," and Mr Berry, with a magnifioent wavo of his band, returned that contraots formed but n very small item of expenditure, and that tbey were frequently taken before the deficiency was found out. . Then my old friend, the Ghost, reappeared, and Mr Berry said that if it hadn't been for bim very few works would have been prosecuted. In a word, Mr Berry said that it had been found r.ecesBary for tbe State to provide work for 1200 men upon works which would not otherwise bave been touched. Bravo I ad vance Victoria. This is how tbe money goes —pop goes tbe weasel. However, Mr Service said that this only no. nunted for L10.000 of the deficiency, and M r Berry said that he merely referred to tbo matter to ehow that expenditure could not bs stopped Buddeuly. Nay, but Mr Berry, I only BBk for information— is it necessary to enter upon it recklessly, in order to stop popular clamor ? I think not, sir ; I think not, But you who wish to read Mr Bsrry's roally able speech upon this matter must get tbe morning poperB. If it was nothing else it was plausible, and, alter|all, ii oue !b hoodwinked, what matterBo that he knoweth It not ? After Mr Berry's address the House ad< jouined to digest it and their dinneiB. When honorable members returned Mr Service took up the bowling, and, of course, at once said that he was euro the House would agree with him that Mr Berry's statement was thomnst un satisfactory ono that bad ever been laid beforo the House, This said, and with an extra hitch of bis shoulder, tho rugged old chief of tbe Op position sot to work. Oi course his speech was a dissection of Mr Berry's statement, and of oourse Mr Service undertook to show that all Mr Berry had stated was unfounded in fact, and that all he (Mr Service) said was tho truth, the whole truth, and nothing but tho truth. Mr Service disapproved of adjourning tho House for the Exhibition. He pointed out that the Exhibition would be opened on a Friday, and there would be until toe Monday following to inspect it. Here Major Smith ejaculated again— "Yuu adj- timed the House for nine weeks without authority from Parliament," and a roar of laughter from tho Ministerial benohes rewar ded the remark. Tho Major smiled, and looked ten times as jolly as he usually does, whioh is Baying a great deal. But Mr Service was ready. " Tho honorable member, " said be, with one of his quaint looks, " forgets that was a prorogation." Aod this time tho Opposition had the laugh with them ; whereat the Major cried out, " Ob, then, we'll prorogue," and thomerriinent won renewed. Bless my soul, what a little makes children laugh, Mr Service went on to any that the Ministry would be jolly glad to prorogue, and then be proceaed to urge that it would ho very wrong to adjourn, as pro posed. It was, however, all very aull work, The House was not in the mood for horse ploy, and so I had to sit in my cog o from first toiiast, gnry much as the unhappy Mark Twain was placed when he lectured humor ously to a man who was as deaf as a post, I couldn't raise a laugh anyhow. Sir John O Sbanossy followed Mr Service, with an address, in which he condemned both MrBerry's and Mr Service's speeches as equally unsatisfactory, Sir John said, that bs bad never board a financial statement made that bad nut - been challenged by tho previous Treasurer. Then Sir John went ou to condemn tbe nrduo expenditure, which had been so long carried on — comm»noing,(bo con tended from the p-riod when Mr Frouois and bis frlendB introduced tbeir system ot free, secular, nnd compulsory education, Ilora bonorable.members looked at eaoh other, and some winked at each other, as though to say— " He's on bis hobby-horse nowand no mistake.' But Sir John deprecated any suoh idea. He' merely contended that the financial diifioulties of the colony had besn brought about chiefly by tbe expenditure under tbe Education Aot and the endowment, of municipalities and shires. Ho contended that bb we were going on now the colony was fast drifting into the Insolvency Court. Well, Major Smith replied, aud defended bis darling Education Act with skill and eloquence. He deoinred that the people were willing to pay for its operation. Then he went on to explain that a considerable onuse of deficiency arose from the faot that compensa tions had to he granted to those who suffered under the influcnes of what was erroneously termed the Block Wednesday action— an action, however, whloh, he contended, was a most brilliant psrfurmnaoe. After this he rev viewed the prospects before us with with an Bir that reminded me of the song in Boinhastes Furio80— IIopo tolil a fLt'orlng talo, A talo us long aj my arm. Mr Kerford followed tbo Major, consider ing that the matter should bo postponed, but he might as well have saved himself the trouble. Tbe motion wae agreed to, the bill read a second time, and committed, On clause 1 — short title — being submitted, Mr Bent aroso and moved that progress bs re ported. After this it was a ensoof " pull devil, pull baker." Mr Yale got angry, and knooked tho letter, " H" about in fine style. Ho glared at Mr L-nt, and said that stonewnllors aod ii— \ t'otics mint he put down, ( TT - -cut's briatlo3 inetontly got up. He heiri. -Aed whether Mr Vals meant tho gag: and p'aused for a rpply, whioh ho didn't get. Then Mr Bent went on to urge for postpone ment ; nnd at Inst Mr Bsrry submitted, on the understanding that tho bill should be dealt with in committee. After this, my sonorous friend, Mr Nimmo, gat bis Select Committee on tbe Harbor Trust Bill ; and soon after tbe House arose, and I was enabled to nuit my neroh in tho GALLERY, 