.. COPY - - ' RITUALISTIC DECLARATION. Presented May 30th, 1S67. : To his Grace, Thomas, Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Primate of England Metro politan, &c.; ; Whereas at this present time imnutations of disloyalty to the Church of England, are current to the discredit of those who have been, 'some of them- for many years, miscalling and defend ing tho Doctrines of the Real Objective Presence of the Eucharistic Sacrifice, and of tho adora tion of Christ in the Blessed Sacrament ; and whereas, by means of those imputations the mintis ot many are trouDiea. we cneretore, the' undersigned, exercising the office of priest hood' within the Church . of England, beg respectfully to state to your Grace to our Right Rev. Father in God, the Bishop of your pro vince, and to the Church at large, what we belie ve' to he . the mind of our Lord, touching the said doctrines as axppressed in Holy Scripture, and as received by the Church oi England in conformity with the teaching of the Catholic Church in those ages to which the Church of England directs us as " most pure and incorrupt, and of " the Old godly doctors " to whom she has in', many ways referred us, declaring hereby, both 'what we repudiate ; and what wo believe touching the said doctrines. (1). We repudiate the opinion of-'a' "corporal presence of Christ's natural flesh ahdVblood," .that is to say of the presence of His body and blood as they "are in. heaven," .and the'coh-': ception of the mode of His presence which implies the physical change; of the1 natural substance of the bread and wine, 'commonly; 'called transubstantiation. , , \- We believe that in the Holy Enchariat by virtue of the consecration, through' the power of the Holy1 Ghost, the body ' and blood of our Saviour Christ, " the ' inward' part' or thing .signified " are present' really' and ' truly, but spiritually and ineffably, under the outward visible part or sign or form of bread and. wine. ' " ' (2). Wo repudiate tho notion of any fresh sacrifice, or any view of the Eucharistic sacrificial /offering as of something apart . from the one all sufficient' sacrifice and "oblation on the cross, which alone is that " perfect redemption, pro pitiation, and satisfaction' for all -the 'sins of the whole ; world both original ' and actual, "and' which alone is meritorious." ' ' ' Wo believe that as in heaven Christ, our Great , High Priest ' ever offers Himself before the Eternal Father, pleading by. His presence, His' sacrifice of Himself once offered on the Cross ; so oncarth,inthe Holy/ Eucharis,' that Came body, - once' for all sacrificed for lis ; and' that same blood once for all shed-for us, sacra- mentally present, are offered and. pleaded before the -Father by the priest, as our Lord ordained- to be done in remembrance of Himself when He' instituted tho blessed sacrament of His body and blood. (3). We repudiate all ." adoration " of " the sacramental bread and wine " which would be " idolatry " regarding them with the reverence -due to them , because : of their sacramental rela tion to tho body and blood of our Lord; ' We /repudiate also all adoration of -a "corporal presence of Christ's natural -body and blood,"' that is to say of the presence of Mb body, and blood asthey "are in heaven." , . - We believe that Christ Himself, really and"' truly, but spiritually and ineffably, present in the sacrament, is therein to bo adored. Furthermore, in so -far as' -any -of the under signed repudiating and: believing 'as aforesaid have : used in whatever , degree. a ritual beyond what had become common . incur churches, ; we desire to; stato that . we . have done so, not as "wishing to introduce a system of. worship foreign to the Church of England, but as bolicvingthat in doing so we act in harmony with the principles and law pf the' Church of/England,: and in using that liberty ' which' in such mattere has beeni always allowed to her clergy and her people, having at heart the promotion of the glory of God in the ' due ana reverent celobration of tho Holy Eucharist as the central act of divine worship. .1 j.. . / In making the above statement, . we desire expressly to guard ourselves against being supposed to put it forth as any new opposition/ of the faith, nor do wo seek: to elicit from your Grace, or from our Right Rev. FatKere in God, . the Bishops of your province/ any declaration in regard to this subject upon which we liave here: stated our belief. Wp wish only thus publicly to make known this our profession of faith, for the quieting of the minds of others, and for the satisfaction of our own consciences. Butler W,, Yic. Wantage. Carter T. T., Rec. Cleuer. . . ; Chamberlain T., Vic. St. Thomas' University,' Oxford. . . Courtenay C. L., Vie. Borey Tracey. Chambers J. C., perp. cur., St. Mary's, Crown- street, Soho. ' ' . Denison G. A., Vic. East Brovt., Archbishop Taunton. . . . t . Gruotec C.' J., Inct. St. James' less. Cambridge. Liddoll R., Perp. Cur. St. Paul's, Knights- bridge. Liddell H. P., Stud. Christ Church Prcsby. Salisbury. Littledale' R. F., LL.D., D.C.L., Priest of the Diocese, London.: MacbobacheJ A. H., Perp. Cur., St. Alban's-: Holborn. . Mayow W. M., Perp. Cur. St. Mary's, JWest ' , Broughton. | ,, Medd P. G;; F. & L., Unity Col. Ox., Cur. St.- Jno. Bap. Murray F. N.. Roo.-Chiselhnrst. . Perry T.. W., Assist. -Cur., St.. Miohaol and all Angels;.. Brighton. Pnsey E. B,,. |DD, , -Prof. Helrew, Cam. Christ I Church. / Richards W.M., Inc. All Saints, May Parsonage. Skinner J.; Vic. Newlarid , Gr. -Malveen; : c White G. C., St. Barnabas', Pfmbion. Ward, Ree. Compton, Valence. Williams G.,' S.F.K.', Coh Cam. PETITION ON THE EUCHARIST PRE- SENTED BY ARCHDEACON DENISON, FEBRUARY 1869. To the Very Revered the Deatis, . the Venerable- the. Archdeacons; and tho .Reverend the \- Proctors of Vthe Lower House '.'.of Convoca tion of the Province' of Canterbury. — .' The humble' petition of the' undersigned Priests of- the Church of England sliowoth : That whereas/commencing with the judgment in the Gorham case, there has been, during the: last eighteen years, a systematic attempt ; to establish indirectly and. directly by way of judicial decree; disavowal of the doctrine. of the sacraments as delivered in or concluded .and proved by the . Holy Scripture, and taught by ' the Church primitive and catholic, and by the Church of England, which has solemnly pledged itself never to depart from the Church primitive and Catholic. : ' . ' And whereas the attempt has for many years past been directed more particularly against the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist, Wo, the undersigned, Priests of the Church of England, desire to place before your vener able House the following passages from " Laws of the Church," written and published a./d. 1659, ; by Herbert Thorndyke, a reviser'of the book of Common Prayer, 1661. „ The Real Pkksuncjk. : " It is not here to bo denied that all ecclesi astical writers do with one mouth bear witness - to the presence of the body and -blood of Christ in the Eucharist; Neither will anyone of thom be bound to anything but ; the consecration, or to any faith but that upon which the - Church professeth to proceed to the celebration of it. And itpon this account, when they speak of the elements, supposing the consecration to have passed upon them, they always call them. by tho name not of their boidily substance, but of the body and ; blood of Christ which they are become. — Bk. iii. ch. iv. 27. :- Decisive Effect of Reception of Good and Evii. Men. ' ".Whoso receiveth them," i.e., '"the elements really changed, translated, . turned, and con nected" (as it is expressed in the very same sentence) "into the body and blood of Christ," —" with, a, living faith, is spiritually nourished by the same, he that with a dead faith is guilty of crucifying Christ."— Bk. iii. ch. iv. 45. The Adoration. " And: is not the; presence thereof " (i.e., of the body and blood of Christ) " in the sacra ment of the Eucharist a. just occasion presently to express by the bodily act of adoration/ that inward honour which we always carry toward our Lord Christ as God ? . . '. .1 do be lieve that it was so practised and done in the ancient Cnurch." Bk., iii. ch. "xxxi. 4-5. Tun Eucharistic Sacrifice Propitiatory and impetratory. "I say, then, that, having proved the conse cration of the Eucharist to be the production of the body and blood of Christ crucified, or the causing of them to be mystically present in the. elements thoreof, as in a sacrament. representing them separated by the crucifying of Christ, as the sacrifice of Christ on tho cross being neces sarily propitiatory and impetriitory both, it cannot be denied that - the sacrament of the Eucharist, inasmuch as it is the same sacrament of Christ on the croS3 (as that which repre- senteth is truly said to be the thing which- it representoth) is also both propitiatory and im- petratory by virtuo of the consecration of it, whereby it becometh the sacrifice of Christ on the cross."— Bk. iii. ch; v. 19. The EucnARiSTic Sacrifice— Propitiatory and Impetratory for the Living and the Faithful Departed. "The birthdays .of -martyrs, that is tho anni versaries of their Bufferings, was another occa sion of celebrating the Eucharist ; as in Ter- tullian, so in St. Cyprian (Ep. xxxiv.) We always offer sacrifice for them, as you remem ber, when we celebrate the yearly commemora- ;tion of tho; martyrs 'suffering days.' : St.. Cyril of Jerusalem says (Oatech. Mystag v.) 'Then, that-: spiritual' sacrifice, that unbloody service being done '.consecrated ') over that propitiatory sacrifice we beseech God for the common peace of the churches, for the stato of the world, for the kings,- their- armies, and. allies; for; the sick, &e.;, adding that praying for, tho departed; we1 offer to God Christ crucified ' for our" sins,' to render him propitious .to them and to us." — Bk. iii. eh. v. 36. Yonr petitioners assert that in affirming the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist in tho passages above cited, they be protected by the Synods of the Church of England ; inasmuch as they are constrained to affirm further, in the name of Christ, of His Gospel, and His Church, that to repudiate, on the part, of the . Church of Eng land, the doctrine of the Holy Eucharist exhibited in tho passages above cited, is ipso facto, to cut off tlip Church of England, from the Church primitive and catholic. ; Your petitioners, therefore, humbly pray yonr venerable House to consider, in what manner the protection which they aBk for their own and for tho Church's sake may be given. ; And your petitioners will ever pray; &c.;, : Signatures. , . , : 