OUR VIENNA LETTER i VIENNA, Nov. 5. Tho alliance bctiwan Germany and Austria is show .lng beneficial results carlior than could h aro beet ixpected. At prccent it is using its influenco upor tho Oriental question, whoro an entirely new 6tato oi things ia commencing. England is now freo to act mor» onegetically in tho-East. Eussia was very indig- nant at first, but:is now-beginning to" give way, and it is some -dayaeince its relations with Berlin liavo once more taken a friendly turn. The nomination oí the MinÍ6try,«Uahmoud'Dantct Pasha, which is known to propitiate Ensaian views, was an excellent pretext foi proving what the>?new politics were to be. The nows which was telegraphed'everywhere two days ago that Germany, England, Austria, and Prance would depose the Sultan if ie did not consent to introduce the re- quired refocma in Asia, and put his brother on the throne under European guidance, have not been con- firmed. Still the threat of Layard, that an English fleet will enforce the reforms if they bo not willingly introduced, seems to have been made with Austria's knowledge and consent. Count Zichy'a rotroat from bia post as ambassador in Constantinople has certainly something to do with the serious tnrn politics aro lairing, and iMa belioved that he will be replaced by tome one aot bound 'by old friendships, and better able to enforce the will of Austria, ovon chen it is not pleasant to the Sultan. Tho corruption and: inability of tho Turkish Government people ara evidently 'becoming so great that both. Egypt and Turkey must, for financial affairs at least bo, taken undor European guardianship. Amongst our. diplomate the nows already circulates that Gormany.: and Auatrialiave already agreed eventually to deposo* tho Sultan,.and put upon tho throne his brother, whom, they would havo'-govorned byMidhat Pasha. Austria's; novel position'naturally inclines it to take a greater in terest in Turkish affairs, and makes «it necessarily tho friend of England, especially nowwhon it'is eafein tho German..quarter. A now atop has been taken in this directionfcy' tho bills having been laid beforo Pax-. foment, which propose the'enclosing.of Bosnia and the Herzegovina within tho Austro-Hungarian frontier.' The Government 'has improved tho ehiuiug hour, and U6ed this opportunity for enclosing Dalmatia, Istria, Brody, and some other points within tho customf rontier, the exceptional position of these placeshavinggiven great apportunities.for smuggling. With all this tho custom . line has not been lengthened, but shortened by 50o kilometres in these parts alone, by which means muoli; can be 6aved in tly; administration expenses. There is no doubt that these bills will ba voted. At tho Kamo., time a bill on military organization has been laid bofore Parliament, demanding that tho army should bo autho- rised to number.800,000 for ten years longer, besides another bill -on ' tho introduction in both Austria- andi; 'Hungary of a military tax, which is to be paid by all who need not 6erve in the army, and to be used for-in-. validsandtheir families The Enipotor having "long» pished that these two billa should bo voted, the new Cabinet Taaffo didall in his power to get the Czechs to return te Parliament, as he was euro in this case, andi have a majority against-the Constitutional party, which-' had thought it a point of the highest importance to get the military costä reduced. The Czechs were glad for a pretoxt to go into Parliament, as : tho new turn or things had'.put-their reserved politics, out? of all -possibility of success. In the debate on the address to tho Emperor, an answor to tho speech with which ho opened Parliament-a federal party formed,, which must not be taken in the sonso usually applied4. . to that word, tut must be considered to mean repeal and home rule, whilst the centralising policy is strongest in the Houso of. Lords, as the debate on the address to the Emperor also proved. With a view to fulfilling the Government's promises at tho elections, a. budget with apparently very low figures has been laid before Parliament, in which the utmost economy seems tohavobeen acted upon, and whose deficit is provided, for, not by debts but by taxes. Scarcely any one,, was satisfied with it however, for great con- sideration had been taken for tho rich sugar manufactures, to please whom the long promised re- form of the tax upon sugar was again put off, whilst:, now taxes ara to be raised on petroleum, and railway.-' and steamboat tickets. Tho Hungarians aro also dis- ? pleased with their budget/because tho Financo "Ionis- ier has put off the amortisation of tho obligations that., abolish feudal rents (a tenth of tho wino, &c.;) by niuo years in ono caso and thirty years in another, so as to be ablo to partly cover tho deficit. It has been proved; that by issuing gold rents he would havo obtained the samp result, without damage to anybody; whilst as it is, tho creditors of tho obligations lose a- great deal of . their money. This bill has been the cause of a scandal . in.tlie Hungarian Parliament, which will most likely end in a search being made, that is to clear tho [Financo Minister, who has been accused of having made use of this bill for speculations on 'Change. Tho i jguotation of these obligations sank very low, whon ???? once the bill was read, and it has boon proved that a rotation of the Minister sold 200,000 florins -worth or such obligations a few days previous, and the Finance Minister himself confessed to have sold 11,000 florins .worth of thom on tho day previous to flaying tho bill before Parliament. If it can bo proved that he-only Eold his own, and advised his relations to ECII theirs, then no harm will como to him, although his action is certainly not one of tho most generous. The Austrian and German Allifinco has destroyed the last hopes of the family of the late King of Hanover. Tho Duke of Cumber/land's mother and his mother- in-law are trying to perauado him to a concili- ation with Prussia, which seenrs to enter Bismarck's views. We all know that, tho younger line of' Braunschweig-Leineburgh (llanover is the elder line) is without malo descendants, and tho legitimate heir is tho Duke of Cumberland. Tho Duke of Braun- schweig is very old, and no t likely to livo much longer. Should he dio before the Duke of Cumberland lias made his peace with Prussia, P/mssia or else tho Empire will make use of certain rights o£ inheritance and annex Braunschweig. Wo vail give you tho plan of a con-, ciliation, as it would satisfy both Prussia and tho rela- tions of the Duke of Cumberland. The Dulce- of Brunswick would name him his co-regent, and the Duke of Cumberland would tnko tho oath to bo subject to tho laws of the-Empire, and not to pretend to the crown of Hanover unless both princes and nations should demand tho restoration of tho Kingdom of Hanovor (a very unlikely occurrence"). ' ...This week ive have, had All Saints' Day, which is always celebrated in Vienna with great precision. .There is not a person who is at all ab lo to leave tho f house, who does not carry flowers o£ soma description. to ono of tho many cemeteries on thc outskirts oC tho/ ^ town. If they hare no family graves to adorn, tho* ^ lay their flowers upon Mozart's tomb, or else mn m popular poet, bettor known to tho people of -Vier inu than to the world in general, or elso upon the 1* u.g0 tomb in which aro buried thoso who sacrificed ;' their: lives for tho people's liberty in ISIS. Toward* even- ing they return to town, but the greater / part j0. not go to their homes, but have anotb/' 0l. duty towards their dead to attend to, which ?. you wiÍL . think rather strange. They almost a ll go to tho theatres, in all which the 6aruopiecOj-' is. given, a ? ghost story, whoso chief lierous, a passionate1 Loverandliis physical ladylove molt our public, to tear?,. It is con- sidered an act of piety to go to this peri or; j» Anco and hnvo a regular feast o£ crying, and evora, our Imperial Theatre, the Burg, does not disdain toi-ficfc this popular 'drama. Wo did not really rc/iuire , art to make our flesh creep, for two; uiurdors wore committed in one week almost too ehocking to tell." The first took place in a small t.oivn, not far from ? (Vienna. "VVe havo two great celo' oiïties, accoucheurs, the Professors Braun, who are snr 4t for to every royal family in Europe whon a difflcul/ ¡ birth is apprehended. Thcso famous surgeons had a ha- adsomo sister, 86 years old. who, faithful to a first V'over, rofused to marry, ? although 6he was very much ad" mimd, and had her choice amongst tho best parties in tb o country. This lady lived aquite alono on a small estât» ¿.with two women sorvants md ¿ stableman, who sler/o in a small houso in tho courtyard. She was rat? lor nervous and kept three ?arge dogs, and moreover nover wont to bed without locking the door herse'if, taking thc keys into her room, and having a sh? jp dagger under her pillow,'and a revolver on a taulo. at hor bedside. This lady was found murdered on Sunday morning, lying in hor : nightgown on tho /¿round, near a window, with a number of wounds upon her body. At first, of course, it had been believed that sho had been robbed, but .when it was foun/i that not an articlo o£ value had beon titan out of the/room, and when tho body had beon itudiad. mora closely, it WB.B found that she had defended herself with all'her onergy and with utmost despair against an immoral attempt upon 'herself. It is fearful io think of tho moments this woman 6pont before death put an end to hor suffering!?. There is but ono mau who can bo suspected of tho crime- | tho stableman. Tho outer doors wendall locked, and if any attempt to scalo tho wall had been made, tho dogs would havo given alarm. The dogs would cer- tainly only havo let pass by thorn a man whom they well know. Tho lady had not mado uso of cither her rovolvor or her dagger-porhap3 6he was so startled by tho attack which must havo awoke her from sltcp, or olso tho murderer loft her no time to lay hands upon what would have saved her. Tho stableman has been arrested, but of courso he confesses to nothing as yet. Ono of the maids saw him wash his shirt as carly as 5 j o'clock, but it was too dark for her to seo whethor I it had any blood stains upon it. Tho other murder happened in Vienna, and although tho poor murdered croaturo may not move us to as much pity as docs Fraulein Braun, still we may he glad that tho niurderor has akeady been takou, and has confessed his guilt. Tho girl, called by her [ acquaintances " Bohemian Lisi," was ono of a class unhappily very numerous at Vienna. She was fond' of bragging about her savings, and always' woro tho fow trumpory jewels eho possessed, a locket, a ring, a watch and chain. Ono morn- ing sho was found dead upon her sofa, and all that was known was tho fact of her having re- turned to her room about half-past 7 on tho previous' evening, with a man who was sn utter étranger in tho' i house, and who lookod very vulgar and rather shabby.' Her trinkets had bepn seen upon her by several persons; I as late as 7 o'clock, and at 8 they had already been1 offered for sale to a jeweller in anothor part of tho', town, who refused to buy them, and to a pawnbrokers who took them and delivorcd theniiup to tho polico the* moment'the murder was known. A few days after, that is but yesterday, a gunmakor from one of our; suburbs went-to the police and informed the Commis-1 sioners that one of his workpeople had come to him asking him to say that he had lenbhira. 13 ilorinB if anybody should inquire. Cross-questioning mado tho fellow say that ho had pawned some stolen goods, and when ho was arrostod he took such fright that he con- fessed all. Ho had never seen the girl before, but followed her, and sho lot him in. Ho knelt down' before her, declaring.his love, and in jest put his hand boforo her eyos. While she was thus blind-folded he took out.a sharp butcher's knife with which he cut har-: ?throat, pressing her head downimmodiutolv afterwards' to provont "tho blood from streaming out. Thon ho went to sell her trinkets, worth not two pounds. Misery, was tho reason of tho crimo, but not utter misery, for tho fellow earned almost a florin a day. Yesterday Messrs. Baring and Blignieres loft "Vienna without having been successful in thoir mission here. Egypt had taken up a loan from tho Rothschild firms in London and Paris to the amount of sis million pounds sterling, for which the Khedive has inortgaged: his and his children's property. Three millions have already boen taken to Egypt, tho rest is deposited in .the Bank'of France. The property that is to be the .security has>not been named in detail at all, so that Austrian creditors have heen ablo to lay their hands mpon some of it as a security-for a million and a half,, ?which the Khedive owes them. Upon this the Trench >and English Bothschild houses refused to send: tho three millions still duo, and tho Egyptian. Courts have deolared the Austrian creditors proceed-; ingsto.be lawful. Messrs. Baring and Blignieres carno ¡?here in hopes of making aa arrangement with tho Austrian Government which would decide against tho^ Austrian creditors, and thus enable them to obtain tho, .threo millions doposited at-the Bank'of France. The, ; Austrian Ministry, however, took the part of the Au? - trian creditors. Tho negotiators at first threateniy ¿ ithat if Austria did.not consent to their dorn ands tl iQ international Court in Cario would he abolished, a iU¿ thoyfended by assuring Austria that,when-the treat vof commerce with Franco was to bo concluded, Fr ^nce'' would prove itself as disobliging as Austria ~-ha^. ^een> inthis-'.iusraess. 