¡PRESENTATION FROM THE LAITY. ' As stated above, the presentation from the . Catholic laity of the Maitland district took place in the afternoon at the Newcastle pres- bytery, the gentlemen forming the deputation leaving Maitland by the mid-day train. The following gentlemen were present :-Messrs. R. Hyndes, J. G. Rigney, Dr. Power, Messrs. M. Murray, John Enright, and George Maher, from West Maitland ; Messrs. James M'Loughlin, P. Bourke, and H. Bailey, from East Maitland; and Mr. Patrick O'Keeffe, from Morpeth. The priests of the diocese mentioned above were also present. On the gentlemen being seated, Mr. R Hyndes, addressing his Lordship, said he had been deputed by the committee appointed to present him with a testimonial and an address. He expressed their Bor- row at his lordship's leaving them under such circumstance's, and expressed the hope that he would soon return again in health and strength. Without any further remarks he would read the following address : Address to the Bight JRev. Dr. Murray, Lord Bishop of Maitland. My Lord,-We, your Lordship's loyal and affec- tionate children in Christ, on the eve of your depar- ture and tempora;y absence from the diocese, over which you have ruled during the paBt fourteen years, desire to express our sympathy with you in your illness, and our sincere regret that you are obliged to leave us for a time. Our earnest hopa and prayer is that your Lordship will be soon restored to us in perfect health and strength, so that yon may be enabled by the grace and assistance of our good God to carry on the glorious work of salvation to which you have been called by the Holy Ghost. In recalling the year« which have passed by since your Lordship's first arrival in the diocese, we are forcibly impressed with obo prominent feature of your mission amongst us. It seems to us, if your Lordship will permit us to say so, that the chief work to which you have devoted your life, has been the Christian education of the young. We cannot forget the great personal sacrifices which you haTe made, in order that the little ones of your flock might be carefully trained in the fear and love of God. Your first act, we may say, was to introduce into your diocese those accomplished and devoted sisters of the Great Order of St, Dominic, whose suc- cessful labours in the cause of higher class education are so well known and appreciated through- out the colony. In later years tua good Sisters of Mercy arrived among us, and enabled your Lordship to extend the blessings of Catholic education of a high order to the country districts. We have had the assurance from your own lips at a memorable meeting recently held in the city of Maitland that it is your intention to still further provide for the edu- cation of the rising generation, by the introduction of good, religious teachers, ao that vour whole flock, if possible, may be tended, scattered though it may be throughout a vast diocese. We are deeply grateful for all that your Lordship has so quietly and unostentatiously done for us, and especially do we take this opportunity-of showing our appreciation of the combined efforts of yourself and the other Catholic biehops of the colony to secure for us equality with our fellow colonists in freedom of education. Although our constitutional rights, for the present, would seem to be ignored, yet we have full confidence in the justice and goodwill of those whu are opposed to u¡> that they will not suffer us long to remain under the yoke of what we consider to be injustice and oppression. Wishing your lordship a speedy and prosperous voyage to Rome, the great centre of unity, and also to Ireland, the laud of your birth, and a safe return to your devoted people, upon whom we invoke your special blessing, We are, my lord, your lordship's dutiful and affectionate children. The address was signed by the committee on behalf of the Catholics of Maitland. Mr. Hyndes then proceeded : He had now much pleasure in presenting his lordship with the testimonial so liberally subscribed by the people of your Lordship's church in the diocese, and also contri- buted to by persons not belonging to the Church. The speaker then handed his Lordship a cheque for £500, and went on : It must be very gratifying to your Lordship to know that gentlemen of other denomina- tions had contributed to the testimonial voluntarily. He did not think any solicita- tions had been made for them. He had let- ters sent to him, some of which he would read with his Lordship's permission. Mr. B. W. Levy forwarded £10 towards the testimonial (applause), and said he was sorry he heard nothing of the meeting, as he would have liked to have been present. It was with unfeigned regret that he heard of the necessity of his Lordship's leaving, especially as it was partly due to ill- health. Ho hoped before long to welcome him back again. He had only been here a short time but he had learned to respect and admire the Bishop. He knew his goodness in every sense of the word (applause.) Another was from Mr. Jacob Gorrick, who enclosed his cheque for £2 2s, and wrote that the Bishop had the sincere wish of himself and family for his speedy recovery to health, and his safe return to Australia. He had never heard an unkind word said of Bishop Murray : would all were like him. Another letter he would read was from Mr. John Pender (applause), who enclosed his cheque for £2 2s., and ex- pressed his regret that ill- health compelled the Bishop to leave their sunny skies, and trusted that the all wise God would grant him a prosperous voyage, and a speedy return to the land of his adoption restored to the full measure of Mb health and vigour. He (Mr. Hyndes) would mention that the whole of the subscriptions were not in, as they had not had time to go into the matter as they would like to have done. Had they had longer time and appealed to the Catholics of the dioceae he was satisfied that the amount would have been very much larger. De. Mtjebay, who on rising was greeted with applause, said before proceeding to read a formal reply, he desired to say a few words to them. He would first express his grati- tude to the gentlemen present for coming in sucK large numbers to present him with tlai\t interesting testimonial. He had heard tW few days ago that two or three genfle^fcrien were coming to call on him; but le bad/«not the least idea that so many would come, jj If he had he certainly would have waited Í4I1 Maitland, and not have put them to the incclnvenience of coming so far. Ile expressed iaMegret that he was any cause for a testimonial. He was sure they would give m him credit for the . sincere wish thatM it had never happened. , He felt on an Jp occasion of this kind^' that lo was a 'M burden on the people 1 who ¿ad otlierwisf» so many claims upon them for the fur^Aherance of religion and ggsr-'-' ,???'?' education. He had done all he could to I secure his health. He had gone to Tar/' * '? ] a few months ago with the hope that ' fra former years he would be restored to he AjB ""ut instead of that it so happened that ne Ost his health worse than ever. He then returned, and he had been advised by several medical gentlemen to retire for a while, as he did seven or eight years ago, from his diocese, and he was going to Rome and Ireland for a few months. They could rest assured that if he was restored he would come again and devote his whole life and energy to the people entrusted to his care. (Applause.) They could rest assured that when he appeared before the Vicar of Christ he would not fail to claim his spiritual bless- ing for them all. His Lordship then read the following formal reply : My Dead, Chtldben in Christ,-I desire to thank you for tue very beautiful address which you have presented to me, and still more for the Catholic spirit which has prompted you to do so. I regret that illness obliges me to leave you for a time, to seek in my native land that health which íb so neces- sary for the carrying on the works of religion in this country. I have always experienced the gratest kindness from the Catholics of Maitland, and, indeed, from the whole diocese, and hence I am not sur- prised at your coming forward on this occasion to console me with your kind words and to assist me with your generous offerings. At the 'same timo, I have always felt, as I feel deeply now, that I have been rather a burthen to you than a help, in your noble efforts in promoting the interests of religion and education in this diocese, You say with truth that my efforts have been chiefly directed towards the education of the youug, and that with that view the accomplished ¡Sisters of St. Dominic, and the devoted Sisters of Mercy, have been introduced into the diocese. The labours of these good nuns in imparting a high education, and in instructing the young of all classes, have been very successful in the past, and I trust for the future, they will preserve the rising generation from the dangers and evils of mixed education, which ie now vou may say established by law throughout the length and breadth of this colony. Need I scarcely say that, if God gives me strength and health, nothing shall be wanting on my part to still further extend these blessings, and to introduce into the Diocese not only nuns for the education of girk, but aleo religious men, who will devote themnelves with zeal to the education of our boys. The events of the last few months clearly point out to us not only the necessity of this step, but the still greater sacrifices we may be called upon to make in order to resist the inftdeity and indifference of this age, and to imbue our Catholic youth with the principles of our holy religion. We must keep the young in our hands at any coBt. For if we allow them to imbibe false principles, and to be taught false doctrine, we, both pastors and parents, intrusted with the care of their suuls, shall incur a fearful responsibility in the eight of God, Renee you see that in whatever I have done, in reference to the educati n of the young of both sexes, during the past few years, I have only been performing a sacred duty, which I owe to God and you. And looking back now on that past, I have only to regret that I was not able to do what I could desire ; and more especially that, during the last few months, I was not able to co- operate more effectually with the Archbishop and Bishops of the colony in their noble efforts to secure for the people the bless- ings oi a religious education. During my absence I shall not fail to pray that God may bless you in all your undertakings, and may preserve the souls of your children, and that He may basten the day when justice shall be done to you in the question of education, wheu the galling wrong by which we are now oppressed in the new Education Bill shall be done away with, and peace and goodwill be established amongst all classes in the community. I feel confident that you will pray for me during my voyage to Some, and when prostrate at the feet of Christ's Vicar I shall makeTtnown to him your graat zeal in the cause of roligion, the noble efforts your are making in promoting Catholic education, and your attachment to his sacred person, I have no doubt that my visit to the tombs of the Apostles will have the effect of attaching ua still -tore closely to the chair of Peter, and will ^.rengthen in our hearts that deep affection towards iiome, which wo cherish as the dearest treasure we possess on earth, During my absence your spiritual interests will be duly attended to by your devoted and zealous clergy, who have always laboured with great zeal end spent themselves for your welfare. I now take leave of you, fully confident that the affairs of the diocese will be carried en just as if I were present, Your well-known spirit of religion leads me to ex- pect this, but I am quite sure that the Very Rev. Thomas English and the Very Rev. Patrick Hand, whom I have appointed Vicars-General to administer the diocese in my absence, will do everything in their power to consult for your best interests, and to ad- vance the cause of religion and education in tue diocese. And now with the deepest sentiments of gratitude for your gre it charity oud kindness, I give you my blecsing, and promise to send you as soon as possible the blessing of the Vicar o£ Christ. May the blessing of God and the graces of heaven descend in abundance upon you all. The Bisnoi1 then gave those present his blessing, and said he had placed them under the protection of the Sacred Heart of Jesus. He would pray for them and hoped they would pray for him every day. Whenever he was engaged in the sacred office of the mass ho would remember them. The deputation shortly after took an individual farewell of his Lordship and returned to Maitland by the quarter to five train. _ His Lordship was to leave Newcastle last night for Sydney, and will leave the latter place by the Chimborazo on Saturday next. During his absence the affairs of the diocese will be administered by the Vicars-General, the Very ReVs. Fathers English and Hand. 