the: month.:. ? ? . '? ?'? ? :. = - Parliament was opened on1 the 11th of May with the usual ' formalities. Sir- Ghas. Mac Mahon was elected Speaker of the Assembly. The opposing candidate, Mr. Lalor, was put forward by the Liberals, and, as indicating the relative strength of parties, it maybe stated that the Ministerial nominee secured the posi . tion by a majority of only five votes. ,Mr. Cooper,' the member for, Creswick, in opposition to Mr. Gaunson, was elected Chairman of . Committees. ?; The ' speech of tho Governor 'was guardedly worded, and adverted in general terms . to various topics, special reference being made to the bill for the reform of the constitution which the. Government 'intended to submit without de lay. Several measures . of minor importance .were promised, but the great question of the session, it wosj stated, would be. reform. In' the Assembly the address in reply to the speech was moved by Mr. Shiols and seconded by Mr. Andrews. ; ;' An 'animated debate, extending over several sittings, ensued. To the surprise of the Government, Sir ? John . O'SbanasHy. . who was- known, owinor- ?' to:- his ? in fluenco with! the Roman Cutholic voters, to have materially influenced the result of the late general election, violently attacked- tht Ministry, and' allowed it to be understood that, in him they might expect a determined oppo nent. He was. induced, it would seem, to take up this position af antagonism partly on per sonal and partly on political grounds. . He felt aggrieved that he should not have been consulted in the formation of. the Minis try, and that the claims - of the Catholic** \- in connection with .the education question should have been so studiously ignored in tht speech. He contended that Mr. Service had acted unconstitutionally in postponing tin meeting of Parliament for two months ? aftei the elections, and he took exceptions all round to the policy, of the Government as embodied in the speech', and to their conduct during tht short period they had been in offici. , Mr. Gaunson alno declared his hostility ' to Mr. Service and his colleagues. Tin secession of those two members n'cccsearih ? weakened the Government prertit/e. Thi speakers who followed wero principally on tin Opposition side of the House, and they weri^ not sparing in their criticism upon the jict sonnel and policy of the now. Administration Mr. Service and Mr. Gillies replied to tin at'acks made, and finally the Opposition al lowed the address in ruply to go without de manding a division.' Mr. Service submitted his proposals for tht. I solution of our constitutional difficulties in the snape of a new Reform. Bill on Thursday, the 19th inst. In submitting it to the Assembly, the hon. member delivered a speech which, having regard to the importance of the mea sure, was somewhat disappointing. His points were neither numerous nor telling, and he seemed unable to impart the least enthusiasm to his auditory. He commenced by giving a succinct account of the incidents which led up to the framing of our Constitution Act, the circumstances. under which it became law, and pointing out its admitted defects as they were developed by time and the exigencies of poli tical parties. He quite admitted that areform was needed, but one not of the radical character pro pounded by his predecessor in office, Mr. Berry. It was not necessary that in order to arrive at finality in legislation the Council should be extinguished, or at least so deprived of the co ordinato power which, according to his view, . it possessed , with tho Assembly that it would become a mere court of record, its deliberations and acts losing ail legislative force or significance. His remedy for the evils complained of were a : modification of the constitution of the Legislative Council, and a change in the rela tions which at present existed between both chambers. Thus it was proposed to increase the number of members in the Council from 36 .to 42, to subdivide the provinces/to reduce the property qualification of members, to extend 'the franchise, to provide for a simultaneous dissolution of both Houses in coses of dispute, and ultimately refer coutroverted questions, after a dissolution, to a joint sitting of both Houses. In order to guard against a collision in connection with the Appropriation Bill, it was proposed . that upon a resolution carried by a two-thirds majority the Council should have power to send down a message to the Assembly, requesting that any objection able item in the estimates likely to be placed in the . Appropriation Bill shall be made the subject of a separate and distinct measure. On the other hand the 'Council was to be deprived of the power of re jecting any appropriation bill.. Those who are conversant -with the views of the Liberal party upon the constitutional difficulty will see at once that a more' objectionable scheme could scarcely be submitted. In the first place the Upper House is to a great extent to be popularised by extending the franchise to over 100,000 persons instead of .30,000 as at present, thereby strengthening the hands of the representatives of wealth. In the next place tho Assembly is paralysed at the outset in dealing as they would wish with a question that was not likely to find favor with Conser vative politicians ; for instance,' tho payment of members, a land or property tax, , or. a mining on private ? property , .bill, j.any. one of . which might ?'- in a .r-'jeasb', ~'. '6f-~ejcf.; tremity be tacked, to an Vapprbpriation- bill . under tho existing ] constitution, and the Coun cil coerced into giving its sanction in order to avert a deadlock. ?'.? Again, by' increasing the members of the Council . the chances are greatly in favor of a joint sitting being turned against the Lower House. The Government measure, no matter how regarded, seems to be aimed at making the Council the master of the situation under all circumstances. The pos sibility of a dissolution can- have no apprehen-' rions for men of wealth. It is for the men with .iut independent means and who are found to compose the popular chamber for the greater part that an appeal to the constituencies is fraught with doubts and misgivings. Thus the ground is cut from under the Assembly throughout. To . propose that tho Council shall not have power to reject the Appropriation Bill as a precedent to compelling the Lower '.House to eliminate all objectionable matter from that measure is simply trifling. It is throwing dust in the ayes of the members of the Assembly. Mr. .Service seems * to aim at placing the entire control of the legislature of the country in the hands of the wealthy, and extinguishing once md for ever the Liberal element in Parliament. Che weakest point,' or at least the most im practicablo proportion contained ' in tho bill, is that a request from the 'Council to have a jertain item in the estimates sent np in a sepa ?ato bill shall bo mandatory. It is just pro vable that the request would be resented as an mpertinence and treated with contempt, in which oase, even over a very paltry matter, a serious constitutional struggle might arise. That the Assombly .will' consent to bo thus legislated' into silence '$. arid n'egativoness is not U all probable, so that as far as regards the ?eform of tho constitution it may be said that tho end is not yet. The debate upon the 'Reform Bill com- I mene'ed in regular form in .the Assembly, on Tuesday, the 1st June. Mr. Berry, the leader of the Opposition, opened the discussion, and in terms most emphatic condemned Mr. Ser vice's scheme in toto, as calculated to hand over the entire control of the finances of the country to the Upper House, and as being more prolific of constitutional difficul ties and deadlocks than anything that could be devised. Mr. Gillies, the Minister of Railways, replied, and though admittedly a ready and able debater, he threw very little additional light upon the subject. His idea was that the cure for deadlocks was provided by the popularisation of tho Legislative Council, and the elimination of objectionable items from the Appropriation Bill. Professor 'Pearson, who has of ' late discovered remarkable debating powers in the Assembly, and whose erudition and command of lan guage raises discussion above the region of commonplace, replied to Mr. Gillies in a manner so crushing that the Government seemed indisposed to continue the debate. However, Mr. M'Intyre, of Sandhurst, next spoke on the Ministerial side, but, .of course, could only reiterate what had been said before in all discussions upon the question of reform and refuted dozens of times. On the following evening Mr. Wrixon addressed the House, and greatly to the chagrin and disap pointment of the Conservatives he declared his inability 'to follow Mr. Service in his reform proposals, as he considered it would aggravate rather than relieve the country of the constitutional troubles in which the Houses were occasionally involved. Mr. Vale, in trenchent term's, op posed the bill, and a feeble rejoinder from Dr. Madden, the Minister of Justice, brought the first week's debate to a close. It is extremely problematical whether Mr. Service will be able to secure the statutory majority requisite for passing the second reading of the bill. . The question of the payment of members is just now exciting considerable interest both in arid out of Parliament. : The members of the Assembly are about equally divided on the question j but while the opponents of the sys tem offer little more than a mere passive re sistance, those in its favor are gradually working themselves up to fever heat, deter mined to carry it through. A motion approving of the principle was submitted by Mr. Wil liams, the member for Mandurang, and after a desultory and very . inanimate debate, the resolution was carried approving of the prin ciple. Tho result' of the division upon the question was a majority of 42 to 28. The Government as such declined to take any part in the discussion, the Premier allowing it to be understood that he and his colleagues proposedto leave it an open question. Sub sequently a message was brought down from ?the Governor, asking ' for ah appropriation for . the purpose of remunerating mem bers for attendance in Parliament. 'This having been- received and approved, the next step was taken by the' submission of a bill by Mr. ; Williams. A very warm debate arose upon the bill, and it was finally decided to fix Monday week next for the second read ing. The bill will.no doubt be carried in the. Assembly, but it is questionable whether the Council will give _way unless pressure is brought to bear to coerce them into giving in their adhesion to a principle to which they have always been opposed. .. '??.'???'? The Kelly gang, who about eighteen months ago murdered three constables, and have since evaded arrest, have re-appeared in the vicinity of Greta, where they formerly resided, and where they possess many sympathisers. Intel ligence reached Melbourne on the 1st June that tho outlaws had been observed near the house of Mrs. Byrne, the mother of one of tho ruffians. Immediately a strong force of mounted troopers proceeded to the spot and searched the premises and f the ad joining bush and ranges, so far without suc cess. A special reporbtr, despatched to the spot by The Age, telegraphed as follows on the night of the 2nd inst. : — ' The excitement in Benalla occasioned by the report that tho Kelly gang had been seen in the vicinity of Beechworth, has quite subsided to- night. Tho remainder of the police who went out havo returned. There is no .doubt whatover that tho gang were Heen near Mrs. Byrne's farm. The . name of tho person who s:iw tho Kollys will not bo revealed by the police, but it is quito. evident that something has occurred. Tho party of police who proceeded to the Wool shed searched several houses and then divided, one party coming back to Benalla whilst another party scoured the ranges near Greta, where it is believed the gang has been living. At and around Greta the police have, been on the ' watch. Numbers of the force are constantly to be seen in disguise passing along the bush tracks making inquiries and searching dill' gently for a trace of the outlaws. SuperinteBf*1 dent Hare arrived in Benalla this morning, and his presence here for a short time increased the excitement that was- previously prevailing. Later in the day, however, it was understood that he had been transferred to Benalla to re lieve Assistant- Commissioner Nicholson. Somo . little dissatisfaction was expressedat thechange, it being the opinion that Mr. Nicholson wauld outmanoeuvre the outlaws. Three months baok': ? it is stated that he very nearly succeeded ? irt' capturing the gang. Every person in the dis« ' ? trict is remarkably reticent on the subject' of the Kellys. The sisters are still living -at Greta, and draw their stores from the estab-. lishment of Mrs. O'Brien. Greta is now only the ghost of its former self, the land in its vicinity having been greatly reduced in value in consequence of the fact that so much cattle duffing has been done in the district.' A small suburban, weekly paper [recently published an article upon the downfall of the Beaconsfield Government, and commented strongly upon the Jenkinsonian policy of that nobleman, more parti cularly in relation to his having created a new title, that of Empress, for her Majesty. In commenting upon this fact the writer made use of some very objectionable lan guage towards the Queen. The Argus repro duced the article on. the anniversary of her Majesty's birthday, thus giving it a signifi cance which otherwise it could never have; possessed. The subject was referred to int Parliament, and the responsible proprietors, Messrs. A. T. and W. M. Clark, were asked for an explanation. In fact a good deal of poli tical capital was made out of the occurrence. The proprietors disclaimed any knowledge of or sympathy with the writer of tho obnox ious paragraph, and so the matter rested. It will be remembered that about a year ago Dr. Beaney, a well known Melbourne medical ' man, visited Europe, and, as the accredited commissioner of the Victorian Government to inspect and report upon the management of public hospitals, he was accorded a very cordial - welcome by the faculty at home, and especially in Dublin. The trip home has giv.en rise to one of the most extraordinary actions ever heard in our law courts. Dr. Beaney, it .may be mentioned, and the leading mem bers of the medical profession in Mel- ?' bourne, have never been on terms of even ? mutual forbearance. Twelve years 'ago . '' v Dr. Beaney was indicted for alleged mal practice in the case of a young woman who died under very unfortunate circumstances. The doctor was acquitted, but several of his brethren^ have ever since looked upon him with sus picion. He was thus in a manner driven to bay, and obliged to adopt a sys'tenr of'1 tactics, in order to keep himself before' tho ' public, to which the profession objects. ? Ho took into his confidence a Mr. Bailliore/' a ? bookseller and publisher, through whose .in-- - ' strumentality and influence Dr. Beaney was ' ', ' enabled to gratify to the utmost his little'. *' weakness for notoriety. This Bailliere, upon his own showing, made about £5000 out of -' ' the' doctor since they made acquaintance, and no doubt the arrangement gave mutual satis faction. The climax was reached when Dr. Beaney proposed paying a visit to tho old ' country in 1878. He sold off his diamonds and furniture, which were of ' considerable value. Bailliere acted as agent for tho auction! of the property, gaud he employed one Hen ningham, formerly his clerk, as auctioneer. In connection with the Doctor's trip home, it was proposed that the then Premier should be asked to give him the appointment of commissioner, as abovo stated. An autograph letter was obtained, but through whose immediate influence., did not seem particularly clear. At all ; events Mr. Butters received £100 from Beaney ; in recognition of his services in the matter. -' Bailliere considered that he was entitled to;; something on the same account, arid on: Beaney's return to Melbourne instituted legal proceedings to recover £400, the amount' to . which he considered himself entitled for work ? and labor done. As Beaney considered 'he-; had been woefully salted over the sale of .his . furniture, jewellery and effects, and as he had already paid £100 on foot of the same claim, ' ho demurred, and allowed the caso to go to a. . jury. The result was a most humiliating ? exposd for all parties concerned. Tho evidence disclosed a system of earning cheap popularity on the one hand, and of making a weak minded man pay doarly for his whistle on the ' other; and fully impressed with the objec tionable character of the plaintiff's proceed „' ings from the first, the jury returned a verdict for 'the defendant; ' .' A good deal of public excitement was caused during the month in reference to the Chinese labor question, owing to the action of the Inter national Exhibition Commissioners. Some time ago they advertised for tenders for the supply of 6000 chairs, to be made in the colony, adding the proviso that Chinese labor Bhould not be utilised in their manufacture. The free-traders objected to this proceeding, and as the Service Government largely supplemented the number of commissioners a special meeting was called, and the proviso as regards Chinese labor was expunged. Public meetings were thereupon held, and the griev ances of European workmen ventilated. It was found that the . Mongolians were seri ously interfering with trade prices, and driving European ? cabinetmakers from the field. Special reporters were despatched by the Mel bourne papers to investigate tho truth or other wise of the statements made respecting the Chinese, and it was proved beyond all contro versy that there was ample ground for the ' complaints of the working men, and that the committee were fully justified in having in the first instance prohibited the employment of Chinese in carrying out the contract. The re sult has been to play into the hands . of the manufacturers, who of course are only too ready to avail themselves to the utmost of the benefit of cheap labor. The Queen's birthday was,, as usual, observed » as a public' holiday. In the forenoon Lord Nonnanby held a levee, which was largely at tended. His Excellency subsequently was present at the volunteer parade, particulars of which we give elsewhere. In the evening he gave an official dinner at Government House, to which the Ministry, a large number of members of Parliament and leading citizens were invited. There were races at Fleming ton, several football matches between promi nent clubs, and other out door sports suitable to the season. The bank at Quirindi, a township on the Great Northern Railway, about 217 miles north of Sydney, was; robbed on the night of the 1st of June by three armed men, and over £400 in, gold taken from it. ? The manager, Mr. It. A; Allen, whilst feeding his horses, about_ten p.m., had three revolvers presented at his head -by three armed men, whose faces were concealed by pieces of calico or cloth. One was a tall, gentlemanly -looking fellow, the other two of medium height. After, great threats on one side and equivocations on tho other, lasting about an hour, the manager was forced to open the safe, but owing to his coolness and intrepidity the robbers got only £480, mostly in gold. They took none of the manager's private effects, and said they only wanted money. The manager's wife and his ' sister were at the time just under cover of the revolvers, but behaved most bravely. After the robbers had helped themselves to . a bottle of whisky at the fireside, they left at half -past one o'clock next morning. The banker's assist ant was away on vacation,' and the police were away on country duty. The police upon being communicated with immediately started in pursuit, but up to the present no -trace of the robbers has been obtained. / Amongst miscellaneous items it may be stated that a marked improvement has taken place in the public health. The epidemics of diphtheria and measles, which at one. time gave much cause for anxiety, have to a' great extent disappeared, but not before many had fallen victims to those maladies. It is pro posed to hold tho census of the colony simul taneously with that of Great Britain. A bill for tho purpose will be introduced into Parlia ment. It is proposed to erect a hospital for incurables in Melbourne, and a sum of £6000 has been offered anonymously for \- the purpose, provided an equal amount be subscribed; by other persons, and that a suitable site is granted by Government. Tho unemployed difficulty has been sur mounted,nearlyauthesurpluslaborhavingbeen absorbed upon public works of a character more or less remunerative. The telephone is now coming into' general uso in Melbourne, and has completely supersedodthe ussof the Wheatstone instrument, which had formerly been in great requisition by merchants and .gentlemen re siding in the suburbs, and who required imme diate communication with their'1 offices in town. Musical ,and' dramatic affairs have been tolerably brisk during the month. At the Opera House there have been performed, in rapid succession, Der Freischutz, Maritana, Martha, the Grand Duchess, Carmen, the Hose of Castillo, Madame. Angot, II Barbiere, and the Chimea of Normandy. II Barbiere proved ' a success, artistically no less than financially. Madame Rosa HerstSe, whose unflagging energies have enabled her to take the lead in nearly all these operas, appeared for the first time in the part of Rosina, and Bang and played withrare verve and piquancy. Her triumph was acknowledged on all sides, the most competent critics admitting that she was never surpassed in the character by any artist who had preceded her in the colonies. The services of Signor Cellaj and Signor. Barilli were specially en gaged for the production of Rossini's master piece, and though their previous experience had been confined to the concert hall, they acquitted themselves most praise- worthily. The Chimes of Normandy was placed on the stage with special regard to mounting and general accessories, and, despito the adverse state of the weather during the time, it had a fairly successful run. Madame Rose Hersee took the partof Serpoletto.that of Germainbeingallotted to Miss Helen Gordon. The latter lady is new to the stage, and possesses a voice of good tojrfo and compass, but requiring more cultiva tion than it has yet received. She made her dihut in Maritana, her efforts in the title role being a succis iVestimc. Miss Elsa May ap-, -peared in Madame Angot, Der Freischutz and The ^Grand- Duchess, and Bhe /was hardly equal to the parts which she under took. She has retired from the stage for the present. At the Bijou Theatre the Juvenile. Pinafore has had a very good runv The. chil dren's singing is of course of very little ac count, but their . precociousness and training enable them to act very well. Mr.. Grattan Riggs has terminated his engagement at the Royal after, a protracted and very successful season. He is admitted to be the. cleverest comedian we have had in Melbourne for many years. The dramatic event of the month has been the production of Mr. Chas. Reade's adaptation of L'Assominoir, entitled Drink. It has been placed upon the stage with a due regard to realistio effects, and the company en gaged are fully up to their work. Mr. Theo. Hamilton takes tho part of Coupeau, and may bo described as inimitable in his representa tion. Anything so powerful or so true ,to nature has perhaps never been witnessed on the colonial stago. as. 'the. death. . scene, where the wretched ' Coupeau succumbs to delirium Ircmcns. Mrs. Bates plays Jervais and Miss Flora Anstoad Virginia with excellent effect.' Miss . Anstead particularly deserves approval for -her rendering of the roJc,assigncd her. Mr. Appleton makes an , excellent Lan tier. .The ; coarsoness of some of the scenes has been taken exception to, but as it has been put forward as a great moral drama this drawback has been overlooked. The People's ? Theatre has had chequered fortunes during tho month. The Mammoth Minstrels and the Loftus Blonde Combination was succeeded by nigger dramas, which did not draw, so the financial manager took his departure from the colony leaving his partners to settle with the creditors, which interesting feat [ they accom plished by filing their schedules. ? In anticipation of ' the visit during the Ex hibition season of Prince George, second son of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, the Govern ment has beon offered the residence of Mr. F. T. Sargood, at Elsternwiok, for the occupa tion of his Royal . Highness. Mr, Sargood is at present ' in England, and his house . will afford suitable quarters for the young prince during his stay in the colony. ? ' ? It was announced at a meeting of the Irish Famine Fund committee, on Monday,' 10th May, in the Town- Hall, that the total amount of the collection in the colony for the relief of the distress was £31,640 ; but as it was anti cipated that some further contributions would be received in a few days, it was decided not to close the accounts till they had come to hand. In recognition of the services performed by the honorary secretaries, the committee decided to present each with a gold watch. - At the lost monthly meeting of the coun cil of tho Melbourno University tho re solution of tho sonato affirming the desirability of ? teaching the French and German languages and literatures in the regular Art course was . placed before the . council, and it was agreed that some member should bo entrusted with the task of bringing the question more formally under the conside ration of the council than by resolution of the senate. It is understood that Dr. Bromby will 'take oharge of the resolution, and will give notice that the necessary steps bo taken to carry it into effect. It was announced that the terms of- office of the chancellor and vice chancellor had expired; and in accordance with the usual custom the junior member of the council, Mr. Ellery, moved that Sir Redmond Barry be re-elected chancellor and Dr. Brown less vice-chancellor for the next twelve months. This was carried unanimously. A letter was read from tho private secretary of his Excellency, intimating that the Secre tary of State for War had consented to allow the allocation of one cadetship per year at the Royal Military College to students of each of the colonial universities. The letter was re ceived, and the chancellor undertook to for ward a suitable acknowledgment. Mr. Rogers, Q.C., moved that a petition be pre sented to her Majesty the Queen requesting that the regulations relating to the admission to the Royal Military College as cadets of students and graduates of the London Univer sity might be extended to graduates and students of corresponding status in the Uni versity of Melbourne. The whole of the prizes awarded at the late Melbourne Juvenile Exhibition, number ing 2000 medals, certificates and special prizes have been distributed and forwarded through out the colonies, with tho exception of nine certificates, the owners of which have changed their residences without giving their now ad dresses. Credit is due to tho committee for the expeditious and business-like manner in which they have distributed tho prizes. At the Victoria Club on 18th May, a fur ther trial was made of Mr. Alfred Lee's pro cess of preserving fresh meat. Some weekb ago a test was made which was, in many re spects, satisfactory, but it was then decided to keep some of the meat for a considerable time longer. On 18th ult. there was tried meat which had been tinned under this process on the 25th March last. The result quite justified the anticipations of the inventor. The meat, both beef and mutton, was fresh and sweet, and could not have been told from recently killed meat. : It is intended to form a com pany for the purpose of using the process. There will always, it is held, be a large de mand for tinned meat for voyaging purposes, even should tho freezing process equal all ex pectations. A meeting of the Ormond College com mittee was held on Wednesday, May 26. There was a large attendance of members. Dr. Mor rison, referring to the generous offer made by Mr. Ormond of an additional donation of £2500 towards tho endowment of the college, provided that £7500 was otherwise raised, stated that he had the gratifying announce ment to make that the first gentleman to whom he had applied to head the subscription list had given £1000. This gentleman, however, wished his name to be with held. -'The committee ^proceeded ? to ' con sider the question of the appointment of a professor to preside over the institution, which is intended to bo used in the twofold capacity of a college of residence in connection with the University, and a theological hall for tho ^.training of ministers of the' Presbyterian Church. It was resolved to recommend the General Assemby to appoint tho Rev. Dr. Os wald Dykes, of London, as president and head of tho theological hall, at a salary of £1250 per annum, with residence, or with ah extra allowance of £250 in lieu thereof. There is reason to believe that Dr. Dykes will accept the position if the recommendation be affirmed. The appointment of a principal to take charge of tho college was deferred .pending the settle ment of the other question. Tho negotiations which have been proceeding -with reference to the erection of a new bridge over the River Yarra on 26th May assumed another phase, which will very probably lead to an entire reversal of the previously arrived at intention. Certain engineering objections, ?which should have been made known earlier, to the proposal to erect a new and larger bridge at Swanston-street without first re moving the Falls, were the subjects ? of the consideration of a conference of representa tives from the City, Emerald-hill and Sand ridge councils, the Harbor Trust and the Rail way and Public Works departments, Svhich sat recently at Mr. Bent's office. These objec tions were held by the professional gentlemen present to be well v grounded, and the opinion of the delegates and the Har bor Trust representatives was that the Falls-bridge, which is in a most dangerous condition, should be removed and another structure erected there, as it was in the line of the thoroughfare betweon tho city and Eme rald-hill and Sandridge, tho Swanston-street. .crossing not being used at all by tho residents of those places. Mr. A. K. Smith, however, changed the character of the discussion by submitting a plan prepared by the Railway department, proposing a diversion of tho river, from above Princo's-bridge to the Falls, allow ing for a wider channel over which two new bridges would have to bo erected. It was favor ably regarded by the majority of tho delegates, and a committco was appointed to furnish an estimate of the cost of the undertaking. Mr. Bent intimated that he would bo prepared, .if , the report was a satisfactory one, to recom mend to his colleagues that the work should bo carried out. - ' ... A preliminary meeting of tho Batman memorial fund committee was held at the Town Hall on May 18. In the absence of Sir William H. F. Mitchell the chair was filled by Mr. George Coppin, who laid open the business to a number of tho colonists who had gathered. Mr. Sliillinglaw followed with , a statement of the origin of tho movoment, its claims to Bupport, and the steps ho had taken to bring the proposal to nn issue. A committeo was formed 'of all pfosont with power to add to their number, and tho following gontlomon agreed to act as a working committee :— Sir W. H. F. Mitchell, chairman ; Messrs. Mean 8 (the Mayor) and Coppin, treasurers ; Mr. H. Shillinglaw, honorary secretary ; and - Mr. A. C. Macdonald and Dr. Embling. Seme discussion arose as to tha question of limit ing the subscription to one shilling, and in deference to the wishes of a large section of the public it was determined that the amount of the subscription should be left unlimited, but that the principle of a shilling subscription should be adhered to. Short addresses were given by the Mayor and Mr. Fitzgibbon, the Town Clerk of Melbourne. Mr. Weir, tho town, clerk of Geelong (a son-in-law of Batman) pro duced to the meeting the original MS. journal kept by Batman when he first arrived on these; shores. ; The Melbourne Exchange, formerly known as the Hall of Commerce, which has been un dergoing improvement for somo considerable time, was' on May 10 opened for tho transaction of business under its new title by the Premier, Mr. Service, in the presenco of a largo number of visitors.. , The address delivered . by Mr. Sorvico was .rather ' in his capacity as a mer chant than as Minister, and ho expressed con gratulations in which he felt all would join to Mr; Byron Moore, the lessee,* and through him: to Mif. 11. J. Joffray,; tho pro prietor, upon the success which had attended their enterprise- in - erecting and rendering available for use such a handsome and comj modious establishment. Tho Baptist congregation of Emerald- hill gave a farewell tea meeting in the church, on May 25, to their pustjr, the Rev. W. Poole, on the occasion of his leaving the colony to take tho pastorate of one of the lending Baptist churches in Brisbane. A public meeting was afterwards held, at which the Rev. S. Chapman presided, and representatives of the various Protestant denominations on Emerald-hill occupied, -tho platform. In the course of the proceedings^ Mr. J. Lewis, presented the rev. gentleman with a purse of sovereigns contributed by the congre gation, and another presentation of a well executed and framed' group of portraits of the young men of the mission connected with. the. church, with Mr. Poole' s own portrait in the centre, was made, by ;Mr. J.Gilmour. - The. proceedings of the great annual gather ing of the fire brigades of the colony commenced at Sandhurst on May,24, and were most success ful. The demonstration is the eighth of the kind, and for the second time Sandhurst, from which, city the project for assembling tho brigades for the promotion of their general efficiency first originated, was selected as the rendezvous.. , The t aggregate number of men present was. about ? 1700, and exceeded that; of any previous assemblage. The success was not as decided as that which attended some of the preceding demonstrations. The proceedings were commenced by a torchlight procession, composing the entire strength of , the brigades, and in anticipation of being able to view a spectacle which it is rarely their good fortune to witness, the residents of tho city and hundreds from the surrounding districts crowded the streets soon after sundown. They were not disappointed,' ? for a really grand sight was presented as the brigades, bearing torches and firing rockets and other, combustibles, passed through the streets and . wound in intric'atb . and' sinuous '' movements along the wider thoroughfares. 