J THE RELIGIOUS CARD-PLAYER. ( A pbivare soldier by the name of Richard Lee was taken / before .the magistrate of Glasgow for playing cards durir > divine service. The account of it is thus given in an Eng- 1 lish journal A sergeant commanded the soldiers at k church, and while there the parson had read the prayers r and took the text. Those whohad a Bible took it out, r but this soldier had neither Bible nor common prayer book, (' but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before ) him. He first looked at one card and then at another. ) The sergeant of the company saw him, and. said, 'Richard, V put up the cards, this is no place for them.' 'Nevermind that,' said Richard. ' When the services were over the constable took Richard ) a prisoner and brought him before the Mayor. ' Well,' L said the Mayor, 'what have you brought the soldier here for ?' ' For playiu.g cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, ) what have you to say 'for yourself?' ' Much, air, I hope.' ' Very good ; if not, I will punish you severely.' "' I have been,' said the soldier, 'about six weeks on > the march, I have .neither Bible nor common prayer . book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your Worship of the purity of my intention.s,' > Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with . the ace. " ' When I see the ace it reminds me that there is but ' one God When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. " 'When I see the tray it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the foar it reminds me of the > four evangelists that preached — Matthew, Mark, Luke, and J John, " ' When I see the five it reminds me of the five wise ' virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. "'When I see the six it reminds me Ithat in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. ' " ' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he . made and hallowed it. "'When I SCO the eight it reminds me of the' eight ) righteous persons' who were saved when God destroyed s the world — viz., Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. ) " ' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers V that were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. ) ' ' When I see the ten it reminds me of the ten command- . V ments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. " ' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great I King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. ' " ' When I see the Queen it reminds me of the Queen of ) Bheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise woman V as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, ' all dressed in boy's apparel, for King Solomon to tell ; which were boys and which were girls. The king sent V for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the ' elbows, and the boys to the wrists ; so King Solomon told ) by that. " ' Well,' said the Mayor, ' you have described 'every ' card in the pack except one.' ) "' What is that?' V " ' The knave,' said the Mayor. ' I will give your Honor ' a description of that too If you will not be angry.' I will ) not,' said the Mayer, 'if you do not term me to be the . knave.' 'The greatest knave I know is the constable ' who brought me here.' 'I do not know,' said the Mayor, 1 ' if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest . fool.' " ' When I count how many spots there are in a pack of I cards, I find thiee hundred andsixty-five, as many days as . there are in a year. When I count the number of cards ' in a pack I find fifty-two— the number of weeks in a'year. ) I find there are twelve picture-cards in a pack, representing the number or months in a year, and on counting the ) tricks 1 find thirteen — the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serve for a "Bible, almanac, and common prayer book." ' " 