HISTORY OF THE FORTNIGHT. [From our own Correspondent.] London. February 13. The tradition of "Queen's weather" was kept up in an extraordinary manner on the occasion of the reassembling of the Houses of Parliament for their final session, and Her Majesty 's pre- eenoe at tbe ceremony attracted a dense throng of' people along the route bom Buckingham Palace, through St. James's Park, to Westmin ster. The spectacle presented by the royil procession, with its richly-caparisoned sad prancing horses, its brilliant staff of attendants and officials, sad its small bat splendid-looking military escort, was striking as usual. Her Majesty seemed to be in food health, and bowed and nailed graciously in response to the continual and hearty cheering which greeted her at every step; and when the journey was over the thunder of cannon mingled with the shouting of the multitude as the Queen entered the House of Lords. Within the precincts of that select and serene enclosure there was the wonted display of gay and picturesque attire on the part of lords, ladies, bishops, ambassa dors, and officials, and there was the usual un dignified and schoolboy-like rush of the *' faith ful Commons" along the oorridors when sum moned by royal command to the bar of the Upper House. The proceedings were brief. Her Majesty handed the fioyal Speech to the Lord Chancellor to read on her behalf, and at its conclusion returned to Buckingham Palace amid the renewed enthusiasm of the crowd. The Queen, who always feels the strain even of holding a drawing-room, was a good deal fatigued by the journey and ceremonial, and on the following day sought the repose *f her winter residence at Osborne, Isle of Wight. The terrible weather which prevailed in the Atlantic from the 7th to the 9th instant placed two Australian steamers in positions of extreme peril. In either of these eases the dUaster of the London might have been repeated had sot the -vessels been admirably found and handled and rescued with something like heroic seamanship. The Hankow,o£ the OolonUl line, who lost the whole of her propeller when she was about thirty-five miles off Oporto, being a good sailer, made her way safely to the entrance of die English Channel, which she reached on Sunday. There the storm struck her, and as no sufficient help to tow her into port could be afforded, sbe was left to her own resnrees out side Plymouth breakwater until midday of Monday. She was driven against the protection shoal, and the utmost anxiety was felt with respeottoher. Fortunately her two anchors held until "the sea abated, and, marvellous to say, sho waa brought in almost uninjured by the tremendous bnffetting she had un dergone. In the case of the Orient steamer Gbimboraza, unhappily, the resales were much more serious. Delayed by the fog in tbe Thames, ibisj splendid steamer com mended her journey two days late —an unpre cedented circumstance in tfae history of the line. Sbe went steadily down tbe Channel in the midst of the hurricane, but when about 159 miles west of Plymouth she was met by a tre mendous wave, which swept the whole deck from the poop to tile saloon companion, carrying everything before it. A passenger and two able seamen who were enable to take refuge in time were Ewept away; another passenger was so severely injured by the wreckage as to nave died soon afterwards, and a large number of other passengers were seriously hurt. The vessel itself has sustained great damage, aud had there been any overloading or any defect of structure or seamanship, it is possible she would never hare been heard of again. As it was, a few minutes sufficed to dear her of the water which had found its way below, the auxiliary steering-gear was brought into action to replace Chat whijh was damaged, and the vessel put back to i'ly mouth, her passengers and mails being a* soon as possible transferred to theSarato.of th^aamj line. The frequent instances of severe •Drain* successfully withstood, though they ethu>r, forcibly tbe dangers of ocean navigtMoo, briu^ out even mere forcibly the compk-U) provision^ which can be made against them. Tbe endeavor Co carry into effect a fcia-liy inteution has Ixva the unfortunate occ*>ioj o: adding one more to the list of Irelnad'a trouble*, instead of relieving thoae existing. Tne D.ioHn theatre was burnt to lite ground ju«t a* it «rat made ready for a morning perioriniuw in ai<l of tbe famine fund, aa<l loj of lib resulte.i. The company were at dinner, and very fee persons were left about the building, bit of the**, it is feared, more than ono fell victim* to tbe "'"*s as four ars still musiu;. The business-manager perubed in hi* endeavors to pnt out the fire wben tbe first alarm was given. Tbe most painful case, however, was that of a painter, who had been ha-jled up by a rope sixty feet from the ground to finish some de corations, and in the confusion was lef; to his fate. The fire seems to have originated la some carelessness! in the lighting up. It spread with frightful rapidity, owing to the soenery of the pantomime having been on tbe stage ready for Hie. It u appalling to think what would bare happened bad theplaoe been full. Whatever r^mw,** the fire brigade might have had to cope with tbe flames was destroyed by an unruly mob, who broke in, stole the dresses, and amused one another by attiring themselves in them ; while from Trinity College opposite a number of hair-brained student* threw fireworks and coins among the «rowd. There can be little hope for effectual assistance from a fire brigade unless tbe London plan be tallowed of rigor ously keeping tbe mob a* a respectful distance. Alexander Schosaa, tfas> Milanese who at tempted to afcoot the priest of the Italian Cburch, HatMn Garden, while low mass was being celebrated, has been found goilty of intent to murder, and sentenced to penal servi tude lor life. Taking into account tbe whole of the circumstances brought out in evidence tbe punishment cannot be regarded at unduly severe. Tbe man, even accepting bis couusel's plea that he had a family tendency to "periods of paroxysm of homieidal hypoahoudriaais," was not a pleasant person to entrust with the en joyment of liberty. His object in taking up his abode in England was to escape the penalty awaiting him at home for stabbing a man to death; and the ** period of paroxysm" which brought bim into notice here wa* attended with an amount of deliberate preparation for violence nhico hardly accorded with tbe theory of mad ness. He bad purchased in two different and dis tant districts therevolver and dagger with which he made his murderous onslaught in tbe church, and nothing but the fact that bis aim was bad tared bis crime from being actual murder. T*ie want of motive is neverchelee* a remirkable feature of the story. He says he meant to frighten the i riest an 1 then iuj me the property cf the cbuicb; but while this explanation is unsatisfactory there is us reason to bslievo he was the agent of a conspiracy or a secret society, as be would infallibly be regarded hid lie chosen any continental town as his theatre of actioD. liis atrocious crime waa undertaken upon bis own perbuual promptings, and It is duo to society that he ehould bavu no chauca to repeat it. A new mission baa been di-covered for the clergy, which is calculated to give a peculiar significance to the term " Church Militant." It is suggested that members of the cloth shall act as recruiting sergeants. Tbe adjutant of the Grenadier Guards has been sending oat cir culars to the clergy of the rural districts begging them to assist in filling up the ranks of the household troops ; and a Sussex vicar, who does sot relish the proposal, forwards the commu nicatiooto the newspapers for the purpose of "fmbjffg it public. It seems that there is little difficulty in li«ti 'Hr men for the Guards in the large towns, bat tbe misfortune is that tbe urban recruits are not all that could be desired in point of physique. The Urge proportion of these lank youths in tbe service has often been made the subject of uncomplimentary remarks, and no doobt the Grenadier officer* during a rustic sojourn have looked with envy open the stout country lads at the plough-tail, aud have lost no time in trying to decoy Hodge from Arcadia, with the help of hi* spiritual pastors and masters. Of course tuere is not a hint of war in the bland pro posals made by the gallant Grenadiers. The prospect of being knocked over by a bullet in some savage skirmish or hacked to pieces by an Afotiww billman, is not so fnn«*Ji as hinted at. On the contrary, the clerical recroiting eergeant is furnished with a statement of the advantages offered to young men in the eer vice which is well calculated to remove the prejudice which in some quarters exists, •• most unjustly," against the soldier's calling. The misfortune is that the Grenadiers are a little late in the field. Stalwart young countrymen have not been left in ignorance of the possible rewards ior then: industry in the colonies, and clerical blandish ments notwithstanding, they are still likely to prefer emigration to enlistment when they mnW^ up their minds to a change ef a condition. Those intolerant friends of the church who oppose any concession to Nonconformists in the use of parish churchyards, in which only clergy men of the Established Church are allowed to officiate, have rested their best hopes for a settle ment of the burials questiou in their own favor npon the general opening of public cemeteries. Here theeustomhas been to buiidtwochapels,one for the use of the Church of Rngiand the other for the various Nonconfonnist denominations. But this, it appears, is a concession to the Church which is not compulsory upon the rate r. ayere.and the example of the town of Burslem will very likely be followed elsewhere from ■ conomic if from no other considerations. Hetice a new field of contention is opened. Toe towncoanouof Bantam hive possessed them selves of a now cemetery, and being men of practical mind it occurred to them that tf they built one convenient and substantial edifice tt might servo the common purpose of sheltering clergy of «U denomination* daring the per formanee of the services connected with the burial of the dead. To meet this buildup on consecrated ground would bare been to defeat their own purpose, for tin law requires that when a chapel is boUt on consecrated ground within a cemetery similar provision mast be madeommeonsearatedgxoand. Bat nothing is ■aid in the Act with impact to the convene pro position, and the Bonlem town council, having built their single chapel on unoonsecrated gronnd, declared their intention of doing no j more. Thereupon the Bishop of lachfield, jea long for the Ohurch, stepped in and intimated that he should take reprisals in the form of prohibiting his clergy from officiating in this chapel. Tbe town council, however, have for tified themselves with counsel's opinion and rest opon their original intention, and it has tran spired that in at least one other cemetery, that st Sheeroesf, in the diocese of the Archbishop of Canterbury, one chapel is used in common by all religious bodies. Accordingly it would appear that the Bishep of Lichfieid has very little choice but to withdraw as quietly as may be from a false position into whica he has baen led by excess of zeal. Are drinking habits among women increasing or are they not ? Sir William Gutl ia believed to answer this uncomfortable question in tbe negative. But Dr. Norman Kerr, in a lecture to a temperance association, gave s, different opinion. He thinks that drunkenness among women has increased and ia increasing, and he draws a gloomy picture of England in this re spect. Female intemperance he ehows w?a not • characteristic of ancient times, nor is it pre va lent now on the Continent, in Ireland, or to any great extent in Scotland. In England alone, according to Dr. Kerr, intemperance among women prevails to a very largo extent, aud seems of late years to have rapidly increased. The lecturer supported this dismal theory not merely by statistics, of which most people have a whole some dread end doubt, but by tbe more con vincing, if leas exact and plausible results of bis own practice and experience. He seems to think that though in what are called the upper classes there may not be much of the evil he complains of, it exists to a deplorable degree among the lower and among certain sections of tbe middle classes. Ho doubt the uni versal craving for excitement which an artificial mode of life induces may explain the growth of the habit and tbe different degrees to which it affects the various sections ot society, but to all whom it concerns the doctor Addresses amoving appeal for the complete abandonment of tie use of alcoholic stimulants as the only way of safety. It is only fair, in putting for ward this rather doleful view of English society, to take into consideration the fact that Dr. Kerr is a strong partisan of total abstinence, and would thus .perhaps be led to somewhat exag gerate the evil effects of the practice'he wishes to abolish. When last July a proposal emanated from a high quarter for erecting a monument in'West minster Abbey to the ex-Prince Imperial, such universal opposition was excited by the «ug gtbtion that most persons have imagined that tbe project had been quietly allowed to drop. Nothing of the sort has happened. At a moment, when the departure of the Empress Eugenie for the scene of her son's death arouses a sym pathetic remembrance of her bereavement; while matters of the gravest public concern are press ing npon every one's attention, a casual para graph surprises as with the information that the statae to tbe eon of the here of Sedan is completed, and is on view ia ill Muau ut -Jr. Inxiivi, t:ie*euipt<j.-,a*?u iiij; «octi.in in tlie AU*y. It msy b<: tuat tbe iJt&n; of ■\WtaiiLii>'er fe.-ls himself toofarcom nii'iid tu *i:)i.ira*' the pcrminsiou he so baitity g^ t ; but t'.e majority of hu> c juutrymja «oulii ]<ui\?ou an a[>|.areat v?cill?tiou much mere reach:} ttiiui en .-itiu&eof; the trust cjafidoJ to him &> £:iarji*n of tbe vonersbtd Abbey. >otiiiijS 1-a.s ocurred to Irjoou pjpuisr Jisi^ |:o-:il >'f tin.- prjject. On the contrary, tiie i«t abich ihntUcbjli! of the Empire, fVii >'<.- Cs>sagi:br- : rii>s jasi isdulge.l :u, teat be had o'ltn diM.-n-*e<! Uji- iuvsV:ou ot Fr*uCi wiiu tbe f i.-i'rn iv, linn Milled t j its obj.;ction?b!<;ae^i. A cami-lirccut fn>m KDg'&nd; to tbe hea.l of a party that would haveeuterei upon a criminal •ttife with tbe frieudly Government ol France could tiot be construed otticrwise than offen sively by our ihin-kkinned neigbburs. The matter having been brought before ParlUmeat, who left the matter in the bands of the consti tuted authorities, the iconument would be re garded as having a distinctly national character in spite of ite being erected against tha national with. Under these circumstances it is to be hoped that tie protest which men of iunuence of all parties are signing may prevail with Dean Stanley, and so 6ave him from sacrificing his well-deserved pspalarity to a desire to oblige a few courtly personages, and the English people from mi appearance of wanton duoourtesy towaxda the fc'reaoh. The revolutionary movement in Bnssiabas been by no means crashed out. Within tbe last few days a secret printiag-preM has been seised in Bt. Petersburg. Type act op foe tbe third number of a revolutionary organ was foitn U The tfcSS., however, in the room were horned by one of the men engaged in working the pros, the police being kept at bay meanwhile by two men and two women, who fired upon tbem wilk revolvers. Following upon this incident some* the^news of* tevomtMnarypeaeUmatiim, baring - been circulated throughout the capital, ?d -dreased by the atodeata of tbe high —**fn** to B nasian society. Tbe stodenta declare that tbe ■>yatom «I edneaticaadoptod by the Government tcuds to keep the people in ignorance, to stoat their reasoning powers, and to incapacitate them for active life. They further announce their determination to fight tbe great Hoiacb, called the Russian Government, to the end, even though the best of them may perish in the struggle. It is said that the twenty fifth anniversary of tbe Czar's accession will be celebrated by the proclamation of various reforms. The fact, however, that the Xiolot, a leading Knwian paper, has been pro hibited from printing advertisements for • month, in consequence, it is believed, of its having called attention to tbe imprisonment of : soise Old Belie vets, one of whom has bean con fined tweotj.fii years, will nat excite very ■angaiM? expectations. . . wiii Lin tuwut? wbieh were circulated after thu recent rpiritnalUtic cxporare in London, it te- n.< (1 That organhed spiritualism in London )>?d rtceived a death-blow. A belief which has witlistood buch untoward experiences for a [ emitter of a century, however, is not so lightly ! (li^turt-cil. The British National Assooiation of t-piritualints taerrfore announce that, nothing '■ dcQuU-d, they hare arranged for a new series of [ tea^ces and addresses. Their rooms a short I tiue ago were the scene of as distinctly frandu luux a manifestation as could well be imtgined, Tlit- medium (Miss Floience Oook) was bound to a clmir, and in due course the spirit of • I child made its appearance in tbe dimly lighted room. This was aU aooording to the programme, and tbe sceptics onght to have gone away satis fied. Instead of this two gentlemen seised the figure in the flowing robes, and found that they wete wrestling not with a phantom but with flesh and blood, the ** materialised ghost" being none other than the medium herself. There was no gainsaying the evidence, and tbe only coarse open to tbe association seemed to be to disown tiie medium or con fess themselves beaten. They did neither.' Their secretory declared that the association and the medium were guiltless of any breach of faith, the untying of IBs* Oook and her assump tion of the ghostly character being involuntary on.herpart. The spa-its had actually can**! her to'counterfeit their presence. This explana tion, the secretary remarks, may appear "strange" to the general reader, but it is per fectly satisfactory to those versed in spiritual investigations. Those outside that charmed circle will probably characterise the pro ceeding by a stronger word than "strange," and will naturally question the value of further enquiry, if the spirits tamper with the evidence of their own existence. After thU, those who remember the performances of Dr. Monck at Hnddersneld, where a host of sus picious figures and appliances were found in bis possession, will not be flnr priasjd to hear that this well-known medium uto receive a testimonial. It is such f sots as these which shake one's belief in the possibility of carrying through an honest and complete in vestigation of a subject which haa punded some of our leading scientists. The Manchester murder remains « mystery after all, and the result of tbe proceedings against Bobert Heild, who waa arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the murder of the servant girl Sarah Jane Roberts, although the charge publicly made was of perjury in ob taining bis emigration papers, will perhaps con vince persons who have hastily annnaed the police of lack of energy that there is nothing to be gained by over-eagemess. Whatever might at first have been thought of the resemblance between the accused's known handwriting and that of the decoy letter which caused the murdered girl's employer to leave his home while the deed was perpetrated, it is certain that a week's careful enquiry failed to establish any sufficient ground for detaining Heild, and as no one had any interest in proving thecharga of perjury it was withdrawn. The reward of £100 offered for the discovery of the murderer has been taebled—a pretty «ure sign that a clue u still wanting. Fog and eold such as for several weeks nave- been afflicting as make themselves dreaded from their serious .effects on the public health, as wall as from tbe per* sonal and business embarrassments they cause. This winter Jjsadon has had to sustain a more than usually trying vbitatkm of her chronic enemy. Fog, chills, and Egyptian darkness have' oppressed us with a perbnaclty from which there *w no escape. The atmos phere within doors was affected with the pre vailing dampness and depression, and in the churches isst Sunday invisible preachers ad dressed congregations wrapped in obscurity. Happily there is a change, bat a terrible tele remains to be told of mischief wrought amongst the luckless citizens. The week ending hut Saturday was more fatal in London than any week since the cholera epidemics of 1819,1654, and 1866. The death rate amounted to the ex traordinary height of 48*1 per thousand, or 1,637 more than in any corresponding week for the last ten yean. The nearest approach to it was in the week ending the 20th of December, 1873, when the death rate rose to 37*5 per thousand, and when a similar fog prevailed. No English provincial town Buffered to anything like this extent, but in the Continental cities which have been subject to a like visitation, a rapid in crease in the rate of mortality has promptly followed. The horrors of a I/ondon fog must therefore be reckoned amongst tbe most formid able of the ilia that flesh is heir to, and the misfortune is that nothing can ba daue to alleviate them. 