OUR MEMBERS IN THE HOUSE. [_Feou Hansard .J Constitution Acr Altebation Bigi.— Second Rkading.—Thibd Mi&ht;'s De bate. Thursday, June 2. My. Ltbll.—Mr. Speaker, I think I ought in rising to tako part in the present debate to almost apologise for offering any remark upon n sub ject so thoroughly thrashed out, and upon which all honorable monibers hare so completely mado up their mind?, as the one before us. At tho same time, it seems to bo admitted on both s:dos of tho House that tho question must be once more fully dis cussed, and thereforo I feel called upon to do my fair sharo of the work. X will commcnce by quoting a few words of the speech made by tho honorablo member for Gcelong (Mr. Berry) upon tho Roform .Bill of 1877. Ho sa'd—"If one thing was more clearly mani fested than another during the last gonerol election, it was that tho practical work of legislation should go on. Practical men engaged in business, who ihavo their own aifaira to ntlond to—aro not fond of meio theoretical questions, of constitutional crises, of conflicts bctweon tho different branches of tho Legislature. On tho contrary, they dc siro tho adoption of measures which will on ablo them to fight the battle of lifo on bettor terms than at present—measures which will enable tliom tr> improvo their physical and social condition." Sir, those words had force Llien, but they have much more forco now. I assort that at no period of our history has it boen more than it is at tho presont moment blie duty of evory inau amongst us to strivo to ' bring about a settlement of this question of r- form. I havo as lurgo and varied an ex perience as. any business man in the House, I'.id I am satistiod that longer to delay do Gilitely dealing with tho subject would be to it flict a serious injury upon every intorest in tho colony. I ailiim further fiat tho symp toms of division which have cropped up sinco the commencement of tho dobato havo al roadj been productive of groat hurt to the community; and I cannot but add (hat, ivhatovcr honorablo members may regard as due to their own constituency, they would svince more patriotism by considering rather what is duo to tho country. As for tlii bill, C believe it to embody au honest aud well ineant effort to enablo tho (agitation for re form to csmo to a conclusion, and 1 intend to support it, although I cannot say 1 approve of jvery ono of its details. At the same time I regard it as consistent with tho views upon the subject entertained by tho honorablo membors who formed tho late Opposition. Certainly it is on all fours with the proposal put forward by the present Promior on the Jrd December, 1878, when we took into con sideration tho reform resolutions of tho Council, and with what lie lately laid before lis constituents; and also wo aro bouud to . •egard the recently given verdict of the cbun- j -ry as distinctly in its favor. I beliovo that it the general election the country decided lgainst tho Berry schotne, and in favor of :he Service scheme. Mr. Latjbkns.—That was not tho decision it Emerald Hill. Mr. Ltell.—I don't know that. At all i iveuts, I assert that, were I and my colleague i ,o appoar upon an Emerald Hill platform ind thero put the bill to the electors, suppos- : ing all party considerations were placed on )ne side, tho verdict would be bona fide in j favor of tho measure. Much as tho electors •vho returned my colleaguo and myself differ )n such questions of freo-trado and protection, >n that of constitutional reform they would >rilliugly join hands, and bring it to a settle nent. 'ibo vory fact that they have elected i joth of us as their representatives is sufficient i ,o indicato that, could they put their senti- : nents into so many words, they would say to i is—" Gentlemen, you are both competont to I leal with the matter; go and settle it as best ' fou can." And now let us look at the lead- 1 ug points of tho measure. They are, first, ] popularisation of the Council; secondly, the ■ louble dissolution; thirdly, tho joint sitting; < md, lastly, the provisions for tho Assembly I mking a concession to the Council. I will take ' -hem in order, beginning with tho popularioa- : ,ion of the Upper Houso. I beg to say, in ,he first place, that I havo carefully noticed i ill the expressions of public opinion in tho press since this particular sohenvj was an innounced, ana I find that tlioro is a fair bal mce in its favor. Hext, it is worth notico that both the members of the Council elected sinco tho bill camo before tho country havo, although returned unopposed, declared them selves prepared to support it. Indeed, to tlio proposal to lower tho Council franchise, in order to popularise it, all parties seom pretty well agreed. I could cuotu remarks mado in its favor during tho debate I have alroady re ferred to, by tho honorablo member for 13al larat West (Major Smith), the honorable member for Custlemaino (Mr. Patterson), and ilso by the honorablo member for South 3-ippslnud; but I will not take up the time tho House by roading them. It is sufli ;icp.t that all thoso honorablo members have impressed themselves as regarding tho popu lusiartion of the Council by lowering tho fran jhiso as a necessary oloinont to any suitablo roform scheme. The only point on which thero seems to bo any material difference of , jpiuion is tho extent to which tho loworing should go. For myself, I would preror to idopt tho ratepayers' roll as tho basis, but, nevertheless, I recoguiso that a Ministry ■ (raining a tnonsuro are bound to havo regard not only to what they wish to achieve, but ilso to what is practicable. Tho Council's proposition was that tho limit of tho fran sliiso should bo £20 freeholders and .C40 leaseholders; but in the Government scheme Bach of thoso amounts is re duced one-half. Bo it remembered, too, that tho limit now proposed repiosents a rental of 7s. 6d., or at tho utmost IOj. per week, and that it will comprehend a very largo proportion indeod of the electors of the colony. Mr. Laubens.—Thore aro 1400 persons in tho town of Hotham who would not come under this bill. Mi\ ITEM.—It would appear that my ex perience differs, from that of the honorable member. I have an extensive acquaintance with tho working classes of tho metropolis, . and I know vory few tenements occupied by bbem that do not represent a rental of 7s. Gd. per week. Aftor all, let us consider that if tho second chamber is to have any value as • a check it should represent, as a rule, rathor tho classes that may bo called permanont, such as householders, than tho classes whose social position is of a moro transient charac ter, such as thoso who only hold tho suffrage because of their manhood. As I havo said before, I would prefer to make tho rato payors' roll tho limit of tho Council franchise, but, inasmuch as I cannot gain that point, I accept the £10 limit as a fair compromiso. In considering tho question of a double dissolu tion, it ought to bo remombered that this was the Council's own proposal. Thoy them selves transmitted certain resolutions to this House, in which—under cortain conditions and in return for certain concossious—they offered to submit themselves to this tost of public opinion, and surely tho Assembly ought to meet them half-woy in such a mat ter0 by accepting thoir offor. Tho honorable member for Castlemaino tMr. Pearson) stated that tho schome of a double dissolution would degenerate into a quostion of purses' Ho doubt that is true; but, as it applies to one House as much as tho other, the argu ment seems to mo to havo no forco at all. Tho statement, if an argument at all. is an argument against the dissolution of either House. Moreover, as was explained by the Promier, tho chances of a double dissolution aro, after all, extremely remote; because when tho Assembly gets back a rejected measure it has the question of a dissolution entirely in its own lmnds. If tho question at issue was of such vital importance tlmt tho Assembly considered it desirablo to anticipate the usual general election on tho expiration of Parlia ment, the Houso would probably be glad of tho opportunity of doing so. Oil tho othor baud, if tho subject was considered not of suchu pressing nature, two courses would bo open—either to postpone it until the next oencral election, or to ompowor thoso who represented the Assembly to mako terms with the Council aud settle the difficulty. In that way the possibility ol a double dissolu tion would bo a very useful lover on both Houses; it would throw upon them a sense of responsibility which has nei;r existed in tho past, especially in tho caso ol tho Legis lative Council, anil would havo practical ef fect in aiding the settlement of disputes. Coining to tho question of the joint Bitting, 1 desire to point out that somo honorablo mem bers on tho opposition side of tho Houso can not oppose this- proposition without turning their baoks upon somo of their previous ut terances. In IS71, the honorablo member for Grant (Mr. Lalor) made tho following re marks ou this proposal:—"If> reduction of the qualification tor electors of the Upper House will meet the exigencies of the cjso j but if you put the members of tho two Houses into ono Chtmber, and "let the majority <1b cide upon any question in dispute, I. think that uudor universal sutlVago tho peoplo of tho country will succeed in carrying auy measura they oro determined to carry. . But with one Chamber composed of 78 mom bora of this House, representing manhood suffrage, and 30 members of the other House, representing the conservative interest—a nar row conservatism, I believe—the majority would, I think, as a rule, be led in tho direc tiou of carrying measures in accordance with the views of this Houso. If that result did not happen, it would only bo in cases in which tho majority of (the representa tives elected by manhood suffrage in favor of tho particular Bill in dispute was so small that it would be desirable to allow the mea sure to bo submitted to tho country at a gene ral election before it became law." Several references havo been mado to tho opinion of Mr. Higinbotham, and I would liko to call the attention of honorable members to what he said during tho same debate. He ob served :—" iTow, if tho two Houses are brought together, I think it ia certain, in some cases where tlioro there ia a vory stron® majority of representative i in tho Legislative Assembly, that tho will of that majority must prevail. At present it does uot prevail at all. We may havo a majority of 10 to 1, aud it is worth nothing. A majority of 16 members in another place may reject a Bill passod by an overwhelming majority, in this Houso, and thoro is absolutely no remedy. If tho two Houses come together, in that case at all events tho will of the majority in this branch of Legislature will certainly take effect. And whore is does not la'so Jeffcct wo shall be in no worse position than before. But it seems to me, apart altogether from tho fate that may attend particular measures bofore that joint body, that tho effect of bringing tho two Houses into joint deliberation will ba a very profitable ono, in view of the educating influence which it will certainly havo on the public mind." It is singular to remark, with reference to this joint sittiug, how curiously agreed both sidos of tho House arc iu being afraid of tho result of such a meeting of the two Houses. I was discussing this proposal sotno timo ago, with a gentloinen whom I might call ono of tho ultra-consorvativea of Melbourne, and ho appeared to entertain a strange „dread of tho possibility of tho Coun cil being swamped. On tho othor hand, we are continually hoaring remarks from tho opponents of this Bill as to tbo fear that the majority of the* Assembly would in the joint Sitting be converted into a minority. Tho arguments of honorablo members opposite on this point eoera to mo to proceed upon false premises. They appear to think that the motives governing members of another place would not be as honest, pure, and liberal as our own. Mr. Longmoke.—They nevor have beon. Mr. Lxell,—Are we to suppoao thatll4,000 out of 200,000 electors will elect a totally ditTerent class of men from those elected by tho 200,000? We canimagino tho possibility of them doing so, but I think wo havo a reasonable right to calculate that tho repre entalivea elected to another place under this B.'form Bill would be just aa liberal and patriotic as wo are, I would montion one simple circumstance in support of this viow. At tho recent general election, I may bo re garded, for tho purposes of argument, as having atood for Emerald Hill as a conserva tive, and my colleague (Mr. Niinmo) as a liberal. let what occurred at that election ? ;On tho manhood. sufferage roll I" beat the honorable member by a sinull majority, while he beat me in evory divison on the ratepayers roll. The ratepayers of Emerald Hill olected a liboral to this House, yet honorable mem bora opposite seem afraid of tho ratepayers' roli. Mr. Berry.—It is the more liberal roll of the two. The Religious Caisd Player. — A private soldier by the name of Bichard Lee was taken before the magistrate o£ Glasgow for playing cards during divine service. The account of it is thus given in an English journal:—" A sergeant comman ded the soldiers at church, and while tnere the parson had read the prayers and took the text. Thpsc who had a Bible took it out, but this saldicr hadiieither Bible nor common prayer book, but, pulling out a pack of cards, he spread them before him. He first looked at one card and then at another. The ser geant of the company saw him, and said, 1 Bichard, put up the cards, this is no place for them.' ' Never mind that,' said Richard. When the services ware over the constable, took Bichard a prisoner and brought him be fore the Mayor. 'Well,' said the Mayor, 'what have you brought the soldier here for 2' 'For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself V ' Much, sir, Ihope.' 'Very good; i£ not, I will punish you severely.' "' 1 havo been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor common prayer book. I have nothing but a pack of cards, and hope to satisfy your YVorsliip of the purity of my intentions.' Then spreading the cards before the Mayor, he began with the ace. "' When I see the ace it reminds' me that there is but one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. "' When I see the trajr it reminds me of Father, Son and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds mo of the four evangelists that preached—Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. ;"1 When 1 see the five it reminds mo of the five wise virgins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise and five were foolish, and were shut out. " '.When I see the sis it reminds me that in six days the Lord made heaven and earth. "' When I see the seven it reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from the great work which he made and hallswed it. " i When I see the eight it reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world—viz,, Noah, and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. "' When I see the nine it reminds me of the nine lepers that were .cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. '"WhenI see the ten it reminds me of the ten commandments which God handed down to Moses on the table of stone. "' When I see the king, it reminds me of the great King of heaven, which is our God Almighty. " ' When I see tho Queen it reminds ms of Queen of Sheba, who visited Solomon, for she was as wise a woman as he was a man. She brought fifty boys and fifty girls, all dressed in boy's (apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. "' Well,' said the Mayor, 'you have des cribed every card in the pack except one.' " ' What is that T " ' The knave,' said tho Mayor. ' I will give your Honor a description of that too if you will not be angry.'' 1 will not,' snid the Mayor, ' if you do not term me to be the knave.' 'The greatest knave I know is the constab'.e who brought me here.' ' I do not know,' said the Mayor,1 if he is the greatest knave, but I know he is the greatest fool.' " ' When I count ho n many spots there are in a pack of cards, I find three hundred and sixty-flvu, as many days as there ara iu a year. When I oojmt thj number of cards in a pack I find fifty-two—the number of weeks in a year. I fimi there are twelve picture cards in a pack, representing the number of months in a year, and on counting the tricks t find thirteen—the number of weeks in a quarter. So yon see a pack oE cards serve for a" Bible, almaua:, and ' common prayer book."'" 