AMUSEMEINTS. B CAaPas. . Falconer's Irish drama "Peep o'Day" was pro duced at the ~nATnE Rona? on Saturdoy evening last in the presence of a large and appreciative audiencb. Mr. Grattan Riggs appeaaed as Barnehoy O'Toelo and gave a commendable rondering of .'the good natured, warm-hearted Irishman, thr houg t the piece, beingigrented withl continual rounds' of ap plause, which wore as heartily bcstowd .as they were welldeserved. Mr. Riggs waos ably supported by Mcsrs. W.'G. Coarey, Oily Deering,.F. Harcourt and 0. Holloway and Mressrs. Foley, Anatead, Grey and :Lndt) who sustained their respectivo,characters in a eneditable manner. - .. ' ' On Wednesday evening th- piece presinted Wae an American drama entitled the" Irish Defectife.," the occasion being the bbrieitiof'the Melbourne Ilo.pital, which takes pladceannoally in coinetion with the Eight-hours Aniiverhitry. ' !:,' I In thiis pceo Mr. Riggs gave aseneh:distihit im personations, the most notable boing'Pos jCorn Juice, a negro soup merchant, and 'Matteo Mazetti, an Italian 'adrone. To-night the " Irish Detective": will be rpeated. " Gli Ugonotti" was repeatod:on Satrdau y last at the. .. ........... OPERA HOUS ., the attendance being very large. On Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, Bizet's " Carmen" was revived, but did not meet with.the support that characterised it's.first production in this city. It would not perhaps be an easy matter to account for this, seeing that it was placed on the stago in a most complete manner and was quite equa?l, from a musical point of view, to any ofits predecessors, but was deoficient in onee thing,'viz., attendance. Thursday evening was set apart for the benefit of one of the most successful operatic artistes that the HeIlbourone public has been favored with,'for many years past, that of Madame Rose Hersoo. The bvnefieiare chose for her farewell appearance the role of Giroafe-Girofla in Lecocq's comic opera of that name, and gave a very spirited rendering of thoeprat. On Friday evening "Mnaritana" was to have been given and to-nightli Miss Elsa May, a lady lately ar rived in Meolbourne, is to make her ddet in Balfe's well-known Opera "Satanella, or the Power of Love." - The dramatic season at the BIuou THEATRE terminated on Tlhursday evening last, that boelng Mr. Creosw;ck'e farewell appearance in Melbourne. Shakespearo's " Othello was produced on Satur day in the presence of a largo audience, who fully appreciated the thoroughly intollect al treat af forded themnby Mr. Croeswick's excellent imoorson alian of the "M oorof VEunico." Mr. Ireland'slago was also a master!y conception and met with the approbation it deserved. Mrs Lewis as Emiliaand Miss Looter as Desdemona also contributed greatly to the success of the performanme, and the other characters were in the hinds of those who rendered full justice to the roequirements of Shakespears's sublime tragedy. On Monday the " Merchant of Voenice" was played to a crowded holse, and on Wednesday and 'fhurday Mr. Creswick was the recipient of a com plinmentary benefit, the latter evening being the last appearance in Australia of this talented and scholarly actor. The programme consisted of the frst three acts of " Hamlet" and the well-known ' Catherine and Petruchio." Regarding Mr. Creswick's rendering of Hamlet little more can be added to what has already boon written of this gentleman's masterly conception of this character, except that it was, if anything, a fluer and more reserved perfornmance than his last. tis success was, however, even'greater than on the occasion referred to, and at the close of each nact Mr. Croeswick was imperatively called before the curtain and greeted with rounds of applause. The other chlaracters in " Hamlet" were most creditably sustained; those entitled to more than passing notice being, the Ghost of Mr. H. G. Ire land, the Polonius of Mr J. G. Joyce, the Horatio of Mr. I. Stonoelham, Mr. Catheart's Kiin anid the Queon Gertrude and Oehelia of Mrs Lewis and Miss Ada Leaterr respectively. To.night the "Ohildron's Pinafore," for whlich extensive preparations have beon going on for some weeks past, will be prodduced and as not only the prineipal clharactors in the operetta-with the ex ception of Buttercup-will be sustained by pupils of Mrs.' Levis, but also all " his 'sisters, his cousins and his aunts" soeno idea may be -formed of the amount of time noand trouble expended on the tuition of these tiny aspirants for historic fame. The Mammoth Minstrels and the Victoria Lottus Troupe have now entered upon' their' fifth woebk at the PcOrPLs'e TorA?te, and during that period have met with eonsiderable support from thioe publio.; A nohticeablo feature is Mr Harry Lo Clair's'sketch the " Amateur Prima Donna" in which thlat gentlemsn assisted by. Gil bert Sarony provokes irresistable mirth. Brown and Newland'e " Bring Oataract" is also' a promi. nont feature iiz the performn sc, and the high kick. ing of Walters and IKelly, and the amusing after. piece, "Tho Baby Elephant" complete a programme replete with variety and excellenes. . Professor Popper still continues to delight large audiences at fS. GOaneS' HAL to his most intesrestino and sciantide entertainmenb. Not the Idast attractive item tpraecstod during the week is that part of the programme entitled "A 'walk through London," in wviich is shown some ex collent views of the principal buildings and stral tures, notably the Tower of London, London Bridge, the Thamones Embasnkment, St. Paul's, time Monument, the Albert Memnorial in Hyde Park, and several others. A descriptive lecture by the Professor accompanies each view, and on the whole it is perhaps one of the most agreeable ontortait ments to be witessoed in the city. "Pepper's Ghost" is announuol to appear this ovening. 