THE STATE OF IRELAND. ((From the European Mail, October 8.) ' i The large amount of £1,000 offered by the Government. for the detection of the murderers of Lord Mountmorres is, at least, a strong expression of indignation and concern at the state of society of which the foul murder ib but one of many signs. But the instances are few indeed in which the offer of a reward has elicited information in a case of murder, and in the present condition of the country, with a reign of terror estab lished, and a secret executive ready with an arm stronger and swifter than the law to mark with a terrible retribution any offender against its code, and still more any betrayer of its agents, the chance is very re mote indeed that anyone will be tempted even by so great an inducement to" assist the ministers of justice and bear the odious brand of an informer. It may be, however, that the case will prove exceptional. The whole tone of moral feeling in the dis trict where the agitation has taken hold is bo lowered that the murder of any one of the obnoxious race of landlords or those who are in any way identified with them is regarded with indifference, if not with approval, and there ia apparently no influence at work to elevate the moral tone and awaken the con science of the people. The popular preBs, which supplies the chief instruction to them in public matters, and exeroises a certain Bubtle power over them, haa not the virtue or the courage to denounce suoh atrooious deeds, but expends all its sympathy upon those who may be suspected, ana all its in vective upon the landlord class. The Irith map coldly confesses that the murder was "a shocking and sad event," but asks "Who killed Mountmorres ?" with no more genuine feeling than is expressed in the nursery ditty " V/ho killed Cock .Robin ?" It devotes the strength of its indignation to bitter reproach of the landlords, upon whom it suggests that the real responsibility of the murder lies. It taunts them with having neglected the opportunities | of doing justice, and says that the landlords .who have fallen " victims to a pernicious system which brought them into collision with the claims of the peasants, victims of the passions of others and of themselves," would have lived long and happily if they had devoted their energy and their educa tion to purposes useful to their country and themselves. This is the time in which the Irishman' thinks it worthy of the name it assumes and the cause it advocates to write in such a tone'of a class it has already held up to execration and revenge. It does not feel called upon to say how'many of the clasB it arraigns so cruelly, have actually taken the.< course whioh:; it would have ad vised, and what: has been . their reward ! The Nation says(.that "every friend of th'e tenants' cause, every right-thinking man inthe community, must deplore the horrible crime," but there its regret ends. The writer, however, is more concerned about the course which the Government are called upon to take, and a large space is occupied with an argument to show that coercion would fail. He ridicules the " shouting and screaming " of those who demanded it, declares that most of. it arises from party motives, and expresses a hope that the Government will not be .in duced .to yield to the demand. -The Weekly News writes in the same spirit. The popular OTgans aire striving hard to prevent the fulfil ment of tho threat. The IVeekhj News, in deed, iB indignant that "so much bother should be made over this Mountmorres tragedy," and remarks that there was not half so much about the Boyd case, when four lives were endangered. With such instruc tors, is it to be wondered at if the people are indifferent and heartless when mnrder is com mitted ? Following close upon that of Mr. Boyd, in Wexford, and Mr. George Browne's late bailiff, in May, the' murder of Lord Mountmorres fhtnishds a sad but in structive commentary upon the teaching which at a hundred anti-rent meetings has been so persistently and deliberately instilled into the minds of an ignorant and fanatical peasantry. It is plain that as matters are at present situated there is no piotection in the sputli or west of Ireland for either life or property, andthat a landowner who declines to comply with the midnight conclave of assassins must live in hourly danger of being murdered. The practical question now is, how long is this state of things to be allowed to continue ? The Ministry are morally and legally bound, as the guardians of the public peace and of human life, to advise Her Ma jesty to convoke Parliament in order toobtain its sanction to a renewal of the most stringent provisions of the Peace Preservation Act. The protection of life and property and the checking of incendiary Sunday harangues to excited mobs who quickly follow them up with deedB of murderous violence is a matter whiah admits of no further delay. Mr. Par nell, at a meeting in New Ross on Sunday, Sept.' 26, avows his purpose in these words : " The task that we have now set before us is to secure in the soil every man who works on this fertile land of Ireland, so that every man who works the fertile land of Ireland shall have for himself and his children the fraits of that work." He tells his hearers further that the extension of the Ulster cus tom to all parts of Ireland would be unsatis factory and ueelesB, because it would still leave landlords the right of evicting their tenants, and would only fine landlords for evicting unjustly; while any scheme for a periodical revaluation of holdings would have the "real objection that his sys tem of landlordism would still re main." "Now, then," he adds, "is the time for the Irish tenantry to show their de termination, to show the Government of England that they will be satisfied with no thing less than the ownership of the land of Ireland." They should look forward, not to fixity of rents, but to the extinction of all rents whatever. "I see no difficulty," Mr. Parnellsays,11 in arriving at such a solution, and in arriving at it in this way-by the pay znent of a fair rent for the space of, say, thirty-five years, after which time there would be nothing further to pay. " Had we not already good evidence of the wildness of Mr. Parnell's preaching, it would be difficult to believe otherwise than that his words on this occasion were imperfectly reported, or that he failed fully to convey his meaning. It is possible, of course, rationally to recom mend some scheme for the extinction of pro prietary rights in land by the purchase of those rights through the means of such gradual and successive payments as would finally complete a sum equivalent to the value of the land. Mr. Parnell makes no allusion to any additional contribution of this sort, representing capital aB well as rental. The Register's London correspondent says : -" Extracts of Lord Monntmorres's letters published, showing that for two years he had obtained hardly any rents from his tenants, and was in actual straits for money. In August last year he wrote to a friend that as for rents he dare not ask for them, else he would receive a threatening notice. In June last he wrote again that he had not yet got a penny, and did not expect to until he took law proceedings. On September 8 he says that none of his tenants had settled with him yet, as the County Court Judge had given them time, and until the decrees were issued. they would pay nothing. The laureate of the Lind League must be an incendiary person, to judge from the effusions he is -sending to the Nation. Last week's number contains four stanzas of a League song; signed ' T. D. S.,' supposed to be a member of Parliament. One of the stanzas explains the ;future policy of the anti-renters thus : ' ' .' No; we shall have untitled, unsown, . The lands, however fair, From which an honest man was thrown Upon the roadside bear. As if a curse was on the spot That saw such hateful deeds, ? We'll leave the empty house to rot, \- The fields to choke with weeds. These are the things that shall be done, So swears our banded host In the name of the Father, And of the Son, And of the Holy Ghost!' The three otber stanzas end with the Bame invocation." The remorseless persecution of tenant far mers who refuse to obey the commands' of the Land League still continues. They are ostra cised with a vengeance. The course adopted to enforce obedience may be understood from & statement of facts reported from the county Clare in connection with a farm near Kille sham. last November it was voluntarily surrendered by a tenant, who owed a year and a halfs rent, amounting to £600, which the landlord lost. The rent, it is said, had been raised from 35s. to 60s., and the tenant offered 40s., but the offer was not ac cepted. The local branch of the . Land League used its influenee to prevent another tenant from taking the land. Mr. J. Frost, ^ solicitor, took a lease of it at a small reduction, but he was obliged to give it up after a few months at a loss 6f £150, as he dared not put any cattle upon it. The land . was then a commonage for the cattle of the neighbourhood, and Mr. M. Blond, the landlord, resolved to farm it himself, but a man named Lyttleton, who had surrendered another farm, took it, and with his three sons entered into posses sion, saying that it was worth losing a life for. An indignation meeting was then held, and he and his family were denounced. Police have been since guarding the house, but no one will speak to a member of his family or work for them. The shopkeepers refuse to sell to them the common neces saries of life, arid so far has the system 'of persecution against them extended that they are not allowed to enter a chapel to hear Mass. ^ The other day Lyttleton went to Six Mile Bridge, protected by an escort of two constables, but he was refused admission. He is thus nracticallv AtnAmmnninAfAH-. -European Mail. A BIG TAKE OP WHALES.-The Swansea correspondent of the Hobart Town Mercury mentions that on September 30 a young man residing not far from Cole's Bay saw an un usual number of large animals floundering in the water, and not knowing to what tribe they belonged, immediately started for Swansea to obtain assistance in their capture. Messrs. Glover and Quin manned a boat, and at once left for the scene, and killed in the shallow water and on the beach the incredible number of eighty-six whales, and of the kind commonly known as finbacks or humpers. The men waded close up to them and stabbed them with long knives behind the fin, the animals being entirely helpless in the shallow water. The Bay was dyed with blood, and their dying struggles caused quite an agitation of the water for Bome distance. They are now all on the sand at low tide, and in very shallow water when the tide is in. The smallest of tbem measures from twenty-five feet to thirty feet._ Those who have been to view the animals'declare that the immense number would not be credited except' by eye- witnesses. The fortunate possessore are now exceedingly busy cutting up and boiling down the blubber, and put ting the oil into all the6pare casks and other vessels they can procure. IT is not often that India offers her mite for the improvement of civilization ; but the Katty war States Gazette has a "notice " of which, if the editor knew the value, he would certainly say "English papers please copy." "I, the daughter of Guigee Dogee, do hereby declare that about four years ago I was betrothed to you, Mijetoce Baritsee, and that though my uncle has often since sent word to you to come and marry me and be done with it, still you persistently kept ! away all this time. Thus I have been wasting the bloom of my youth upon nothing. As a last resource, therefore, I do hereby call upon you to fulfil your engagement within 15 days of the'publication of this notice, otherwise I shall take to me another husband, with which trans action you will have notliing to do." This seems to me both spirited and, sensible conduct upon the part of Miss Dogee, and a protest against long engagements very worthy of imitation. Argus London Letter. BLUM PASHA, one of the Prussian officers long in the employ of the Porte, has stated, in a report to the Sultan, his deliberate opinion " that even in their present condition the Dardanelles and Bosphorus could not be forced by any number of ironclads without' the most terrible loss." The Prussian Pasha adds that by sinking torpedoes and sub marine mines the Straits might be rendered all but impregnable. 