THE LATE MRS. DONALDSON, At the close of MB sermon on Sunday afternoon last, at Clover Hill* the Rev. J. B. Sneyd spoke as follows in reference to the late Mrs. Donaldson (sister to the Hon. Alex. Hay), who died at Georgetown on the 9th instant:— , . . I have not the slightest hesitation in saying that she died in the Lord. She professed Christ; but not only did she profess Hitn-she lived. Him. Her Lord s words were, to a very great extent, fulfilled in her— • Ye shall know them by their fruits.' She walked with Jesus on this earth for forty-one years, having given Him her heart and joined a Christian church at the early age of sixteen years. There was not only the public exhibition of religion, but the private, which is one of the grandest tests of all. There was no ostentation, but all that simplicity of the Christian character which we admire so much, and which attracts. Her Master's work and kingdom were very dear to her. She loved the house of God, and was never absent unless prostrated by sickness, or called away on some errand of mercy. It is only a fortnight since Bhe was here listening to the preached Gospel. It is somewhat strange that the last sermon which she heard me preach was upon being prepared to meet God. I con hardly realise that those eyes which then sparkled with life are now closed in death, and that that form which we all knew so well now lies silent in the tomb, waiting for the resurrection morn. . . The last time I saw her was on Monday afternoon. I asked her about the state oF her mind, when she told me that all was well. Ihere was complete trust in her Lord, who gives that peace of mind which the world cannot give, and which death cannot give away. She seemed to grasp the full significance of the words of David-'Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for Thou art with me; Thy rod and Thy staff they comfort me.' We are told that' Men fear death as children fear to go into the dark;* but, on the part of our departed friend, there was not the slightest indication that death had any terror for her. . . 1 he patience which Bhe manifested under such acute suffering must make a deep impression on our hearts. Little do we know what that poor body underwent. She could very feelingly repeat the words of the Apostle raul— We that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened. The cruel cancer has done its work, for, on the 9th ot November, 1880, she gave up the ghost and fell asleep in Jesus. . . That this church has suffered a loss we all know too well. She was one of its pillars, and took a warm and active interest in everything connected with its •welfare. She has left an influence behind her that must be felt both by the young and the aged. Though dead, yet she speaks. She speaks of the faithfulness ot her Lord and the power of His grace to sustain-; she speaks of the mighty effects that are produced in the heart when He is trusted; she speaks of the happiness and peace that are caused when He is loved, and honoured, and obeyed. But not only has this church suffered a loss, but this part of the district,^ where she proved herself to be a ministering spirit. For the sake of others she forgot herself. Her gentle hands will be missed at the bedside of the sick, but her memory will be 8west. 4 A good name,' says the Bible, ' is better than precious ointment;' and the name of SUSAN HAY DONALDSON will be revered and cherished in the homes of Clover Hill. m . iU " Farewell, gentle spirit, farewell! We miss thee to-day, but thou art blessed. Farewell*until the Master shall unite us again. Farewell, farewell!" 