#he Afghan KnifeJ r A Tale of the Times. £r 'Eoueet Aemitage Steendale, F.K.G.S. 1 ? * I know that man,' said Abdul, coming up to S-aul; that is Jeswunt Sing, my cousin's burhvn tfat, the man who etunned and threw me down the well.' ' I have no doubt he thinks you are a ghost, Ab dul,' replied Paul; ' he Etares hard enough at you.' « I should have liked to have met thnt man in a fair fight, Sahib; but his fate has come to him at last.' ? I thought I had eent that stripling to Jchan tnuni, Beni Sing Bhai,' said Jeswunt to his com panion, ' but there he is, euro enough; few men iiave ever lived to complain of the crack of wy latthi, and how he got out of that well is a my stery.' ' Ay, and now his turn has come, Jeswnnt Bhai, and in another hour he will have the pleasure of seeing yon wriggling like a broken-back snake, ?with half-a- dozen bullets through you.' 'Better that, than being hung by a lot of sweepers, like those sepoys the other day. We shall save our caste anyhow, and maybe some one ?will come in the night and put a bit of fire in our mouths to purify us, for some of our men must be lurking about.' ?Look here, Bhaiya!1 said the outlaw chief with determination in his tone, ' they have not tied ue hand and foot, and Beni Sing is not the man to be shot down like a dog without a try for his life ; listen to myjwords and take my advice. The mo ment the firing party get the word 'present,' drop like a stone, the next thing will bo a volley, then , up and ran ; it takes a good shot to hit a rnnniue man, and it is worth trying.' ? All right, Bhai ; I'm not going to be knocked on tke head like a jackal if I can help it, so we'll make a run for it.' 'TheBe English talk a great denl about their ' justice and mercy ; look at yonder bov, he is only ?13 if he is a day, why should he be shot ? What lias hedone? It is iustlike them, all talk, talk: but they have got the upper hand now, so we must keep our mouths shut.' ^ «If yon get awav, Beni Sing Bhai, what will .you do?1 'Get up a band again, and live the old life till I am fairly brought to bay. Jly time is not come jet, I am sure.' ?Well, I am not so sure of it myself. I had an ill-omen hist night ; a jackal rnn across my path and howled, as 1 went out to fetch water.' ' Never mind the jackals and their howls, . Jes mint Bhai; jacks is are everywhere, and their howls we hear all night. You just follow me.' ?Then I think it is a bad sign that boy tnrning ?up. When did I ever fail to despatch a victim be fore?' 'Thatgoes for nothing, it is all chance ; why, brother, if I had gone about hunting for omens and signs, I should have been.-dead long ago. See, lere w« are at the place, nowthey will begin. Ee member, drop at the word ' present.' ' The prisoners were divided into groups of about SO odd each. One group was marched away behind a square building, against the wall of which they were made to stand, the other two were placed out in the open plain, and made to tit down. They obeyed in a resigned and apathetic manner, some made a sort of appeal for mercy, but it was done in a despairing kind of way as though they knew it was a uselesE request ; the greater number were resigned to their fate. The firing party was brought up, a breathless eilence reigned over the place, broken by the word of command, and the ominous clicking of *'iin- locks, which followed the order ' ready.' Most of the prisoneisshut their eyes and bent their heads. Only in the centre of one gToup were two men who watched every motion withcat-like intensity. Out rune the orders ? -present!' ? fire!1 A rush of bullets swept over the two men lying flat on the ground, a rush of bullcts-a«companicdbythethud and crash of smitten fieshiand- bone, and the pierc ing shrieks nnd groans of the sufferers. * Bun ! run ! J eswunt,' shouted Beni Sing, spring ing to his legs and half pulling uphiscomjmnion. The pair dashed out under cover of the smoke, find got a clear start; one other man who had his wits about him followed, and the thren raced for life across the plain towards the nulfeh, followed by a rapid fire of sharp -shootets. Several troopers — cot of Barton's horse— who were on the ground, gave chase, but fortune seemed to favour the fugitives. Beni Sing had not a scratch, though the bullets whistled about his ears. Jcswunt had been hit twice, but not in important places, and both the men strained their nerves to the utmoht, but just as they reached the brink of « the nullah, Jeswunt received another ball which sent him beadlonc down the bank, at the same time the third man, who had not the same start as the others, fell under the sabre-of one of the troopers, who with a trenchant strokeisheared off his head ftt one blow. Jeswont sank fcintingvon the sand, in the bed. of the' ravine. ' I am done for, Beni Sing Bhaiya, save your self ; I knew it was not my fate to escape.' Beni Sing turned, and with herculean strength hoisted his comrade on his back and struggled on, but tha sound of pursuers catne on their track, and Jeswunt urged him to fly and save himself. ? It is no good trving-to save me, Beni Sing Bhai, my time has come, leave me under some bueh and Bave thyself. I have got three bullets in my body, and shall never be of '.use to thee or any one again.' Beni Sing laid him tenderly down under some thick shrubs, and wringing hi* hands, sprang for ward into the jungle and disappeared, just as a lx)dv of men came in sight. The next morning, as Paul And Abdulrode down the street of a little village near the fort, they toaw a knot of Knglish soldiers round a tree, some: of whom were busy tying a noose on a branch. Paul's curiosity prompted him to go up to them, and then he found that they had got a half -dead native lying on the ground, a poor wonnded wretch, hardly able to move. ?Whit are you about, lads ?' hn asked. 'Shure, surr,' replied an unmireikable Hiber nian, ' if E one o' them sapoy divils that escaped last night, and we've just .got to hang him up, shure.' ? Why,' Abdul, if s your friend, isn't it?' ' Yes. that is Jeswunt Sine*.' 'Speak to him.' The youns trooper dismounted and went up to the dying man, the soldiers making way for him and looking on with curiosity. Jeswuntbing opened Ms eyes, and on meeting Abdul's, closed his with a shudder. 1 Jeswunt Sing !' '?Ves, I know who calls— 'twas the first time my blow ever failed.' ' ' ?Jeswunt Sing, look at me !' The dying man opened his eyes. ?Who was it who told Ton to abduct my grand father's adopted daughter — was it JUunshi Karini ullah?' ? Yes.' ?Did ho tell you to kill me-if you could?' Jeswunt feebly nodded his head, he was getting too weakto give utterance to more — in fact, Abdul wanted no more — and as ho turned away, the wounded man gave a shiver and a groan, and It was but a lifeless corpse the soldiers slung on the branch. CHAPTER XLV. We mnet now go back a few days. Fred Scamperby »nd Mr. Lufton were posted with a body of Ensuf Khan's horse on the borders of the latter's territory, waiting anxiously for the arrival of the f ugitiveB from Asalgurh. Some hours had passed, and they grew weary frith suspense and apprehension. If all had gone well the fugitives might already kare arrived. Fred drew his watch, and after getting a good clow on to the end at his cigar, ho held it to the lial ; ' Fast S o'clock, sir, and no sign of ' Ihem.' .i .'?''?? ;» t We must wait and hope. Fred,' replied Mr. iftiufton.witha-tigh, und breathing a prayer for (pietafety othis daughter. ;?» Fred muttered something, but it was not exactly iliiprajerj he thought tho fin.ji and his assistants 5i»dln»do * bangle of the business. ,' '.! ~ *_Hifk, Sir, there is some one coming,' said he, .^'^oundiof rapid footsteps approached. The next morning Jorawur, breathless and exhausted, fell at their feet. 'Where is the lady? where are the others? Bpeak!' demanded the younger Englishman. ' Give the man breathing time, Fred,' said Mr, Lufton, who, though as anxions, was more calm. After a few seconds, tbe man gained breath enough to gasp out tbe news that the girls had been recaptured. ' Then thev must bo rescued, even from the gates of Asalgurh,' cried Fred impetuonsly ; -let us not lose a minute. Here ! mount this man on some one's horse. The man Kehmat Khan has got fever, be can't go with us ; put thy Shikari on his horse. 1 think, eir, you hod better stay here, or return to Shirghati. 1 only want 20 men, more would be :m iucumbrnm:e.J ' Indeed, Fred, I shall do nothing of the kind,' answered the judje warmly. ' If my Gracie has to be rescued, I will share the toil and the danger.' ' 1 beg your pardon, sir, come by all means if you like ; but, nnclo, we must ride like mad, nnd fight, maybe, like fiends, and 1, for niTself, would feel Jess responsible for my actions were you not with me.' ' That is to Eay, Fred, you would do some of tlioso insane, rash deeds of yours, out of which you have hitherto had the luck to come with fir ing colours ; but never mind, my lad, I will back you up, and perhaps a littlo old steadiness may do good, but there' i6 no time to waste in talk ' There is not indeed, sir.' ' Fnrwanl— trot. ! No striking along the hills, Jorawur, I'm going to take the shortest way to Asaljrurh, and wait for these villains, ay, even under the walls of the fort.' Day was ivist breaking as the troop ofhorEemen, uo all told, wound down a email pass on the spur of the range op]-nsit-i Aeaigurh. A mile in front lay the fort, iu the far distance could be discerned the town of Amanpur; the plain between was dot ted with iree-embosomed hamlets surrounded by gardens and fertile fields. jiowevur.ths leaders of (.he troop had no eyes fcrtlv? landscape, fair a. it wns; they were eagerly sraimin^ the country for signs of those they were in searcn of. Avraytothe left wr.s another spur, .and down a ru^geJ road of this was wending anotbr:' body of men, on foot, but bearing two rude litters, which Eomewhat retarded their pro gress. Fred caught sight of these, and nearly jumped out of his saddle. 'We have got them, sir, we linve got them,' he cried exultingly, nnd bo say in he dashed down tha steep road, followed by the rest ; riding at a breakneck pace ho got be tween the advancing party and ths fort, unper ceived, taunts to a deupe jungle of pains bushes which fringed the ba?e of the hills. Then, form ing up his men across the narrow pathway, he waited. The Dacoits came along unsnspectingly. In front strode the chief, Bern Sing, attended by his cousin Jeswunt, the rest of his band followed be hind, surroundiug the litters in which were the two girls. 13uni Sinar and Jeswunt were talking in that Joud braggadocio style, so affected by their class, as if their conversation were not so much tor themselves as for their hearers in general, and the topic was the success of the txpenition.how they hoA captured the Haji, and binding him to oneof their strongest men had pent him off to Asalgurh, where no doubtthc Kawab would giro them some fun in torturing the eross-grained old brute. Then how they h:id found the two girls, but there was some oue whom they had not got, some clever fellow who was up to tbe ways of woodcraft; no one but a Shikari conld have hid them in such a vfny. Jorawur was the sort of man to do it, but thi-n Jorjr.vur was dead, or so maimed as to be useless ; it must have been some one else. Thus freely talking, they swung along the road at an easypace, notdronijiingof interruption, with tho uark walls of thp fort looming in front of them, when suddenly turning a bend iu the road, they saw not 50 yards ahead a body of horsemen bar ring the way. At first the most of them thought that the Kawab had sent out to meet thorn, but Beni Sing's hnwk-eye was not to be deceived, and calling out, 'Bang! bhap;! fly '. fly !' he dashed into tbe jungla, followed by Jeswuut and some of tbe others. The men in charge of the litter were surrounded and made prisoners. The next moment. Grace was folded in the arms of her father, both of them too much overcome for ppeecli, but Fred, though he envied the paternal embrace, and tanged to emulate it, felt the .linger in delaying, so he hurriod Grace, iifter giving her n boar-like squeeze and a kiss on her forehead, which was excisable under the circumstances, b.i';k a^Jiiu into her litter, and made the prisoners lift her and Fnrillaand hurry off in the Sherghati dircciin!.'. 