CHAPTER XX. eamf's diaet continued. "Unexpectedly to myself, I continue my diary. " The night has passed, and the day. I am able to move more freely, and to- morrow I hope to make my way slowly to my hat below, to look after my goats, and dogs, and birds. In a little while I shall be quite well. " The night has been a strange one, and may lead to important results. " Whether it was that the recalling of oertain incidents caused me to dwell upon details which had not made much impression upon me, or because I was in a state of nervousness produced by my narrow escape when endeavouring to pluck the flower on the mountain's top, I cannot say ; but, contrary to my usual habit, I could not sleep for longer than a few minutes, or perhaps moments, at a time. All through the night I was in a condition of wakefulness; now dozing with a hundred confused pictures in my mind, now awake and striving to pierce the darkness, which seemed. to be thronged with moving figures. Now and then the confused taDgle of pictures and faces aBsnmed some kind of order from which a distinct impression conld bo gained, and of theso the most distinct was the recurrence of two faces—the face of Mar garet SylveBler and that of the lady who had sought the shelter of my hut the night before Mauvaiu visited me. At first I saw no meaning in this conjunction, but gradually it dawned upon me that there was a likeness between these two faces, although one was fair and the other dark, and I beguiled myself into studying the shadowy presentments. The longer I dwelt upon them the stronger grew the likeness, until I began to believe that there was really a mean ing in the resemblance. I determined not to let the 'matter slip, bnt to make some quiet enquiry into it. Margaret Sylvester has already told me that she is not a native of the Silver Isle, and from the few chance words that have reached me with reference to her I have learnt that she and her husband and her husband's father led for some years a life of adventure in places not unfamiliar no me. I have already described in these pages that the lady to whom I had given shelter appeared to me to be friend less; and at one time in the night I was startled by the memory of her expression of grief when she was lamenting tnat father, sister, child had been torn from her. " It would be difficult for me to explain here why I determined to probe this matter; suffi cient to say that in some nndefinable way the lady to whom I had given shelter, Harold, Mauvain and Evangeline appear to be connected by invisible links — and now this likeness between the ladies and Margaret Sylvester adds another to the chain. It is because this chain of circumstance surrounds Evangeline, whoBe future happiness is my only care in life, that I am anxious to arrivo at some under stand inir of it. " Accident bus already placed me in possession of a wonderful piece of evidence, and that is why, after I bad finished my recital of those events affecting Evangeline, which I deemed it proper she should be made acquainted with when she is a woman, I continue the recital with the words ' Uncspeetedly to myself I continue my diary.' It will be as well for me at once to resolve to note down in this way anything of importance that occurs, so that the story may be complete as far as lies in my power. Then I can place the record in Evange line's bands, and say, « All that is here written relates to you and myself.' "The dreams which haunted me in the night would not have been in themselves sufficient to WBrrant me to resume my pen; but what occurred this evening determined me. Prosaic people who believe in nothing but what tbey see and touch might, if they had the opportunity, ask, 'What can occur to a man living alone in a bat on a deserted range thousands of feet above the level of the sea ?' It would be waste of breath to answer them. Men may live for the hour, but they live not only in the honr. What is done leaves its mark. We can bury bodies, but we cannot bury ghosts. " The door of my hnt was open; the balmy air floated in; the evening was calm and peace ful. The white dove that rapped at my door last night has flown backwards and forwards, from but to bat, all the day. An hour ago it flew iD, pantirg, and dashing its 'wings against tbe wall fell to the ground in an agony of fear. After it flew a wild hawk, one of a brood I thought I had destroyed. An eye for an eye with these destroyers of my innocent birds; I will drive tbem from tbe mountain. As the hawk swooped down upon my dove, Leon tine leapt npon it, seized it, and carried it, mangled and bloody, from tbe hut. I picked np my dove and held it close to me, its flattering heart beat ing against my own. Presently I released it, and the bird flew into the dove-cot. Then I noticed that a shelf in the hut had been thrown down by Leontine; the articles it held were stiewn upon the ground. I picked them up, and among tbem was the Bible with the silver clasps, in which Mauvain's name and miae and Evangeline's were written by my mother. The clasp had been loosened and the leaves disordered by the shock. I sat at my table with the inten- ' tion of arranging the leaves and fixing the clasps. " I have mentioned that when I first found tbe Bible in my mother's hnt I noticed that Borne of tbe leaves stuck together, as I supposed from damp. My idea wrs not correct; the leaves had been purposely guuimed together, and I now discovered that this had been done for the purpose of concealing sheets of thin paper covered with small fine writing. This most have escaped my mother's notice, and might never have been discovered by me bnt for the murderous flight of the hawk after my innocent white dove. " What was I about to discover ? " I carefully examined every page of the Bible, and succeeded in extracting a number of these sheets, covered en both sides with fine writing. It was not difficult to jndge that the writer had written in secrecy, and at intervals of time, for there were occasionally sadden breaks in the manuscript, as though she had been interrupted suddenly and unexpectedly, and was fearful of being discovered. I transcribe here what I read in those pages, so strangely discovered. 