MüBBUßtTNM SCHOOL OF ABTS AND MECHANICS' INSTITUTE. The annual general meeting of the membefe of the oboVe institution took place in the Mechanics' in- stitute, on Tuesday night, when an unusual muster of gentlemen could be seen. Dr. Gorden, Prevdent, was ia the chair. As I feel unusunlly lazy thigjeven ing, I do not intend to copy out the reports Of tbe committee and treasurer, or detail the speeches which took place, but simply confine myself to a short statement of the business done. It may not however be out of the way to mention that the cash receipts for the past your were £168 5s lOd, and the expenditure £142 17s, leaving a balance in the bank to the credit of the institution of £25 5s 5d, being a decided improvement upon the financial statement of 1878. After the reports of the Committee nnd Treasurer had been read and adopted, the business of electing a president, vice-presidents, treasurer, secretary, and committee, were proceeded with. President: The following was the result of the voting:-Rev. W. Marshall, 17; Mr. J. P. Abbott, 11 ; Mr. Mêmes, 2; and Mr. J. L. Trebbutt, 1. Vice-presidents (2 to be elected, 5 nominated) : Mr, C. B, Street, 28 ; Mr. Mêmes, 16; Dr. Gordon, 7; Mr. Evans, 7; Mr. Teb butt, 3. Treasurer: Mr. G. L, Cooper was the only gen- tleman nominated, nnd was therefore declared elected. Secretary : Mr. J. J. Smith being the only gentlemm nominated he was declared elected. Auditors: Meesrs. S. Cohen and Farrell were elected Auditors, Committee : (8 to be elected, 24 nominated.) The following gentlemen were put into office: Messrs. J, P. Abbott,Stuart, Richardson ("hooray,we'll gee a new "peater"), M'Niven, McCarney, Robson, H. Brook, and Fox. A vote of thanks to the retiring Committee and officers was pnssed and responded to in a suitable manner by Mr. Stuart, and the annual meeting terminated. MEMORIAL TO THB LATE REV. MB, LEWIS.-The friends of the late Rev. Mr. Lewis, and the subscribers to the " Lewis memorial" will be pleased to leam that the memorial to be erected in St, Paul's 'Church to, the memory of the deceased gentleman, has ar- rived in Sydney by the Orient, and Mr. J. Horbury Hunt the architect of the church, has informed the churchwardens that it may be expected in Jlurru randi in a few days. ?> THE NEW P. M,-I have been too busy lately to write about this or answer the puerile, and beastly personal effusion which appeared in last Saturday's issue of the Murrurundi Times from its Quirindi correspondent. It made me smile a little, but flatter myself I am not so confoundedly thin-skinned as to " boil over" ; it s not Worth .it. However next week I may probably favor you with another line or two. In the meantime, it moy be gratifying to the Quirindi correspondent of the M, í\ and Mercury, to kBow that the return I spoke of irfmy last has been called for, and we shall n0 doubt shortly know who has the best of the argument. ' THE WEATHER.-It has been confoundedly hot here lately. It is reported that a " ghost" was seen , in one of the stores during the week, who asked to be supplied with a pair of large heavy blankets, as he was " awfully cold down there." All he couid promise in payment was a back seat near a large re- servoir and a tin pannikin. He got the blankets,' MUBEUBUNDI HOBTIOULTUBAL AND ÀGBICUL TUBAL SOCIETY,-The above Society's show takes place to-day, at the School of Arts ; and, from whnt I can gather, promises to be the best show ever held, In my next I will probably give you the naxes of the prize takers. Murrurundi, 22nd January, 1880, A French geographical paper, the Exploration has received from Lisbon startling tidings of an English scheme for a railway from the Biver Zambesi, through Livingstoniana, "a Scotch ^town," to the northern coast of Zanzibar. Mr. Stanley started the idea; Manchester merchants have taken it up, the Govern- ment approve it, and a company with two millions capital is to be formed. Contrai Africa and its treasures, bowails the Exploration, are to share the fate of India and Australia ; while the French Sahara railway scheme hangs fire. 