m THE SECRET OF THE WHITE CHEST. It was just the house I wanted. In size and situation it suited me exactly, as the phrase goes, literally dowo to the ground. Facing Hyde-park, and placed back from the high-road, with nothing in front of it bat the broad strip of garden belonging to the terrace in which it stood, and the open stretch of turf and trees, it was the very abode for a London season. It's rent, too, was extremely moderate ; it was in Bonn a repair ; drainage without a flaw ; fixtures, furniture, and decorations in the best taste ; the owner only desiring to let it occasionally, because he went away from town each spring. Why, then, did I hesitate to take it? Why did everybody hesitate to take it ? For the last seven years and more it had never been let. All the house -agents at the WeBt-End had had it in band one after another. The terms had been reduced eaob season that it came into the market, and still there was no finding a tenant for it. Everybody who went over the house was charmed with it. The entrance being in the rear, all the best rooms had a delightful southern aspect ; and going up from floor to floor on their first visit of inspection, everybody grew more delighted the higher they got. The apartments in creased in cheerfulness, if not in size, the outlook from the windows beoame more extensive and airy, whilst, when one reached the top storey, and ascended by a narrow stair on to the leaded fiat roof, with a high balus trade running round it, the view was, as the house-agents expressed it, 'quite unique.' Nevertheless, everybody having reaohed the roof, and having looked round for a minute or two, descended with a firm deter mination not to take the house. Now what was the reason? it was noi naumea, nu ghosts had ever been seen, or mysterious noises heard — such things were never hinted at. There was nothing about it in appear ance like the gloomy, forbidding mansion in Severn Square, concerning whioh so many queer stories are told, and whiob, like the house in question, no one will take. No, it was the very reverse, in all respects, of that long (and still) untenanted abode. I had heard the rumours about the Hyde Park house often, when I had been in London, and my curiosity had always been piqued, so that now, when I wanted just such a house for the season, I determined to go and look at it for myself. Finding all satisfactory and just as I expected from bottom to top, I was stepping oat on to the roof with Mr. Cramble, the agent, and waB saying to him — 'Well, I can't perceive why people won't live here,' when my eye fell upon a curious object erected upon the leads at the rear, and surrounded by a high railing. It looked like a huge skylight or glass lantern, about ten feet long, three high, and three broad. But instead of forming a light for a staircase or room beneath, it seemed to have been built for the purpose of covering another curious object, which, occupying nearly the whole of the space under the glass, was plainly visible through it. This was a long white box, resembling a sea man's chest more than anything, only much larger. It rested upon the four legs or feet, which raised it about a foot from the flat surface of the roof. It was painted a creamy white and varnished, and, apparently not being intended to open, any more than its glass covering, had no hinges or lock to its top or lid. ' What the deuce ia that ?' said I to Mr. Crumble. ' Ah ! replied that functionary, with an odd expression in hie face, ' that's it, sir 1' ' What's it, pray ?' ' Why, the secret, sir.' ' The secret ! How is it a secret ? What do you mean?' 'Well, sir, what it is; what it's meant for ; what's inside of it ?' ' Don't you know ?' 'No, sir.' '?' Doesn't anyone know ?' ' I suppose somebody does, but we don't ; we are forbidden to inquire, or to attempt to find out; if we knew we should be able to let the house, perhaps.' ' How long has it been there -' 'A long while, I believe, au—ten or twelve years. Before my time.1 ' 'Bat who put it up f' ' Well, Mr. Gajding, we suppose ; nobody seems to know exattly when it first appeared there.'. . '^ 'But the ssrvants,' I protested, 'they must know.' 'Oh! I have heard there were none in the house at the tuna; they were all dis missed just before it was put up. Mr. Gay ling never keeps many servants; some times he has only one, sometimes none. Nobody lives in the house when he's away, but he always leaves the keys with us. He is always changing his servants, Mr. Gayling is ; I have often heard him Bay that he likes new brooms.' ' What is he, or what was he P' 'A gentleman in the naval line, I believe, sir; they are rather rum 'uns, I'm told.' ' Humph !' I said, ' very odd. But do you mean to toll me that nobody will live here because they don't know what's in that box?' ' That is partly the reason, sir,' ' Absurd,' I was going on, when the man continued — ' But there's a clause in the agreement about it; that's what does it, sir.' 'Explain,' I said. ' Well, [sir, here is tthe 'slause, and he produced the document; '' perhaps you would like to read it yourselfj?' Thus it ran — 'And in taking the house at the rental, and for the term specified as above, I hereby solemnly pledge my oath never, directly, or indirectly, through my own agency, or that of others, to attempt to meddle with or disturb the white chest under the glass case on the roof, or to seek in any way to discover for what purpose it has been placed there, or what it contains ; and I further guarantee that no person in my employ, or anyone entering the house during my tenancy thereof shall make any such attempt, and I hereby undertake that in 'the event of their being detected in doing so, or of my doing so, to forfeit the sum of one thousand pounds, and in accordance with this agreement have, in proper legal form, lodged the said sum with, the bankers of Thos. Gayling, Esq., the lessee, as a guarantee of my good faith.' ' But for that clause,' went on the agent, as I finished reading it with some surprise, ' we should have no difficulty in letting the house.' ' Pray, is the owner out of his mind ?' I - asked, in a minute. I ' Not that I am aware of, sir ; he is a very pleasant, affable gentleman, Mr. Gayling is, only, as I say, a little rum on some points; nothing will induce him to strike oat that clause, for instance. Lor' bless you, sir, parties never entertain it for a moment when they eome to that Dart of the business ; they drop it like a hot potato.' ' Humph !' said I, again, ' it's queer, certainly, but I don't see why one shouldn't acquiesce; it doesn't matter a rap to me what's inside the chest ; I should never want to meddle with or disturb it, and I'd take very good care no one else did ; I woald pad lock the trap-door on the roof, and that would settle that. Ah !' I continued, after walking round thestruoture and looking about me a bit — 'ah! I Bee; precautions have been taken to prevent any access to this roof from the others on either side, by this iron fihevAnz-de-fris ? ves. no one ean eat over this. Well, it's an odd freak, but I am not sure that I am going to be baulked by it ; I'll think about it, Mr. Cramble.' And the result of my thinking was, that I signed the agreement two days after, wards, having conformed to the peculiar stipulation regarding the deposit. I had 00 fear of losing the thousand ? pounds, the interest on it was a mere addition to the rent, and the house was so exactly what I wanted, that it would even then be cheap to me, with my large family of motherless children. Nevertheless, I do not deny, that after all was signed, sealed, and settled, I was conscious of a lurking cariosity and suspicion regarding that mysterious erection. What could it be? What could it contain? I was constantly saying to myself. What strange freak could possess the man to take such strong measures to guard against any penetration into the secret — measures, by the-bye, which ia themselves were rather calculated to provoke investigation, to draw attention to the very thing that be wished one to overlook ? Was Mr. Gayling a miser, hoarding up some unknown trea sures in this strange fashion? Probably that was it. Well, if it was, it was no business of mine after alL My Parliamentary duties would be too urgent, 1 hoped, to let me dwell upon muoh else, bo I would dismiBB it, and bo beyond patting the padlock on the trap-door of the roof as threatened, I took no measures to prevent any of my household indulging in spesola tions. I at least would not direot attention to the matter, as Mr. Gayling did, and con tented mv family and domestioB bv saving that I didn't consider it safe for people to go on to the roof. Now, in spite of my resolution, I found myself perpetually reourring to the strange chest. For the sake of quiet and air, I had appropriated the two large back and front rooms at the top of the house for my bed room and study, and thus Blept every night just beneath the white chest. Before I had been in the house a month, it began to act as a nightmare on me, an incubus I could not shake off. I was oppressed and depressed by it, in a way quite unaccountable. I was puzzled at myself. I could not have believed four weeks before that I should ever have beoome bo affected, by suoh contemptible restlessness, disquiet, and distruBt. These feelings at laBttreaohed each a pitch thatfl finally changed my bed room ; I woald not sleep any longer directly underneath this accursed, mysterious fabric. Another month passed, during which, more than once, I was tempted to go secretly on to the roof and look at the thing again ; them -was no harm in that, that was not forbidden in the bond, and I need hardly say, I saw nothing to provoke any new comment. About a week after my last visit to the roof, a lengthy debate kept me late at the House of Commons, and walking home for the sake of fresh air, I found the midsummer dawn breaking, as I struck into Park-lane. Reaching Oxford-street I was startled by observing in the western sky a strong light, not due to reflected sunrise. At the moment I saw it, a fire-engine passed me at full mmd. and nrftHAnt.lv the first sisms of the commotion which a conflagration causes in the streets became evident. No man under goes this experience, when he has been away many hours, and sees the red glare rising, in the direction of his own house, without a pang of anxiety, if not of terror. How well-founded was this sensation in the present case was made evident ere I had walked another 200 yards; yes, merciful lowers : u was my nuuae uiw- was uu un ; ? I can eearaely reoord what followed ; I only J know that somehow I found myself in the midst of the police and firemen. That 1 explained to the superintendent who I was, and that under bis escort I soon ascertained that all th* inmates of my boose, my children, j their governess, and the servants, were in safety, and bad been taken in to a neighbour's at the rear ; that, as soon as I found this to be the. ease, I, acoompanied still by %b» superintendent, mounted to the top of an* adjacent residenee, whanee the firsmsa wilt ? _^»__ ^u. m ^^Bh. ia- A. a A. M Onse on this vantage point, ayftaatei reverted to the white «h«si Wai it «UD there? Yes; ths flams, though banting oat from all ths window* of the ?ppsr stories, bask and front, hai not ystioat more than wraneh and arask portions- of the glass ease. For a time it sessisd as if thte woaM be the most that night happen. The wafer seemed to be getting thsnpperhanri.andas it fell in torrents on the hoi roof, sueh (olonds of steam ware thrown ap with the smoke M would have completely bidden everything from view, but that our position had been skilfully selected, and was well to wind ward or the burning mass. But presently, amid the roar of the flames* there oame » dull, heavy rumble for a moment, aad then with a tremendous crash the roof fell in. With it of course went the fragments and framework of the glass oase, aad the now charred and blackened chest itself. I had my eyes upon it at the moment, and down it went deep into the utter obscurity of the dense smoke and steam, whioh always succeeds to this climax of a oon flagration. For several minutes noth ing was to be discerned through the overwhelming wreaths of black-grey fumes. But presently, though the fight from the fire had been clenched, there began to be visible, by the aid of the increasing light of the morning, the depths of this pit of Acheron. Yet it was not so very deep after all, for the fire having orignatedon the second floor, the falling roof had only crashed down as yet as far as the drawing room, and there, when my eyes had beoome accustomed to the spectacle of the in describable debris, I plainly beheld, rest ing slantways across a stubborn remnant of wall, what had been the White Chest ; it was now split and smashed, and its contents were revealed. ' Good heavens ! What was it that I looked down upon? I turned away my face for a moment with a shudder, for there, protruding through the splintered fragments of its onoe creamy- white wooden case, was a huge leaden coffin, which, in its turn melting and burst ing with the heat, displayed within the unmistakable form of a shrouded corpse ! I was in the act of drawing my companion's attention to it in horror, when suddenly there flew np around it with redoubled fury, sueh a mail of flame and smoke, that it was entirely hidden, and soon the.fire had so spread and burst out again, that the horrible speotaole of this uninten tional ineremation was shot from sight, and the house was finally borned to the ground 1 I pass over what immediately followed that I had made my way back to the friendly abode where the members of my family were sheltered, In a few days they were snugly settled again in another home, fortunately not very muoh the worse for the terrible soars. In doe oourse the time arrived for looking into my losses, and while I was doing so I received a letter from Mr. Gayling, who had come to town requesting an interview. I was glad of this, for I foresaw it must lead to some explanation of the strange circumstances surrounding the agreement I had signed. My cariosity as to the contents of the white chest had been rudely satisfied, it was true, bat what had been the reason for placing such an object in such a place P and this I was determined to find out. Unexpectedly Mr. Gayling disclosed it to me immediately we met. ' I have asked for this interview, sir,' he said, abruptly, 'because I am a ruined man.' - ' Bat,' I interposed, ,' I am told you were f ally insured.'* ' That has nothing to do with it,' he answered ; ' no insurance can restore the three thousand a year whioh I lose by what has happened. I am simply going to tell you certain facts ; because, when you hare heard them, I shall put it to you whether you will not, out of your' ample means, feel that some compensation is due to me. The fact is, that it has been during your tenancy of my house, and through accident, or negligence on the part of some one for whom you are responsible, that my ruin has been brought about.' ' I don't understand you.' ? ' Listen, sir,' he went on, 'and you will I was brought up to the sea and followed it till mid-Hfe, for I was entirely dependent on my own earnings. My only relative at this time was an old uncle, also a Bailor, and a most eccentric man, as you wuT**'^ presently see. Fifteen years ago he suddenly came into a large sum of money — I never knew how — but he retired and took that house. He had only been in it three'years when a mortal sickness overtook him. ' He sent for me. *' ' Tom/ said he, * I am dying, and I don't like it. I am terrified, not so much at the thought of death as at the thought of burial. A sailor's grave I would not mind, but to be boxed up and thrust into the earth ; no, Tom, I won't stand it. I look to you to see that it doesn't happen; and I have taken measures to make sure that you do see it doesn't happen. - I've made my will, Tom; I've left you all I possess, but on one condition, and it is, that you are my heir so long as I am well above ground, and no longer — mark the words, 'well above ground.' Directly 1 am buried, or mv remains are allowed to minele with mother earth, as she is called— she was no mother to me, the sea was my mother, for I was born at sea— all my money, mind, goes straight to the Seamen's Hospital, every penny of k.' ' ' But what am I to do ?' I asked of my uncle; 'how shall I be able to carry out such a strange condition? Have you so expressed it in your will ?' ' ' Yes, indeed I have,' he answered, ' and legal and binding you'll find it, as expressed in the words, 'so long as I am well above ground.' ' ''But what am I to do with you?' I again asked. ''Oh, run me up aloft, masthead me, anything you like, but don't bury me.' ' Well,' went on Mr. Gayling, 'to make a long story short, I found that the con ditions of the old man's will were binding, and his executors and myself hit upon the plan of .hoisting the coffin on to the roof of his house. Under certain conditions we found that it was possible for us legally to do this. So I dismissed my three servants, employed a country undertaker, my old ship's carpenter, and a foreign glazier, in order that the matter should not Vu- fn.lfo-d of in the nmirhlnnrhnofl. and personally saw the arrangement* carried ont You can now understand my reasons for not having it meddled with: yes, sir, I and you can now understand thai the con ditions of the will must take effect. No sign of the coffin or the body even was to be discovered in the ruins of. that house. I have had a rigid search made, to no par* pose; the old genOsman's remains have been consumed, have mingled with mother earth, and the money passes as a matter of , course to the Seamen's Hospital. I have not a penny in the world. What can yon I do for me?' I It is not necessary forme to say what I did for Mr. Gayling; but finding by a visit I to Doctor's Commons, and by other I evidence, Oat his story was snbsfantisfly farrect, I. felt his ease was a hard one, , Ifsttainly a strange one, and I aofcsd, I !-???, not QBf—i ?isjljr towarti hbm. j 