"OH FOR THE RARITY OF CHRISTIAN CHARITY ! " Dubbo has long been associated in Mr. Punch's mind with the setting sun, burry wool, bad beer, and good-fellows "bearded like pards," and always ready to extend the hand of fellowship, and ex ercise the virtues of a large-hearted hospitality to any strangers who might come inside their gates. While nearly every town in the colony was, a few months ago, stirred to the centre by pastoral disputations, Mr. Punch was delighted to notice that Dubbo, though a "pastoral" locality, kept its head, heedless alike of His Grace of Sydney's rhetorical flashes or the oratorical displays of Dr. M cGibbon, Wazir Beg, Bichard McCoy, David Buchanan, et hoc genus. Punch felt, in the midst of the curses and the threats, the uncharity and profanation which obtained under the holy name of religion, that if his numerous and loving friends, who have always so de votedly and loyally watched by and over him, had allowed him, he could have sought "surcease of sorrow" at Dubbo. But the story which has reached him this week from that far-away town has dis pelled the delusion — has tumbled down his " house of cards." Dubbo, after all, appears to be no better than its neighbours ; at least, there exist in it men with as narrow minds, and as unchristian spirits as can be found — say, at an Arch-Purple meeting, or a gathering where the watchword is "To hell with the Pope," and the music that delightfully refreshing " Kentish fire," which not even Ketten, in his most brilliant moments, could reproduce. An Art Union in con- i nection With some Boman Catholic charity took place there the other day. As evidence of the bona fide character of the drawing, the Committee (as appears to be the custom) invited gentlemen of various denominations to superintend the affair. Among those who, in the fulness of their charity, responded to the call, were the Mayor of the town and a local medical practitioner. They are members of the Church of England, and churchwardens of the parish. Their presence at the drawing raised all the black theological bile of the reverend gentleman under whom they sit. He rated them soundly, and demanded their resignations. When Punch heard the story he felt a measure of shame that a minister of that Church rich in the names of Jeremy Taylor Thomas Arnold, of Bugby, Arthur Stanley of Westminister, &c.;, should so far forget the pure lessons sent down from earlier days, and preached by One whose cloth this little back-block parson wears. He asked himself was this the action of the minister of a church, whose clergymen have, except in rare instances, been gentlemen and scholars, steadfast in their faith, but respecting the opinions of others, even practising the Divine injunction, " Love your neighbour as yourself ; " or whether it was the Yagary of one of that class, whom Hazlitt so truly pictures as leaving their lapstones, jumping on tubs, and imagining themselves possessed of the Holy Ghost ! He asked himself, again, if this was a sample of the pulpit's rendering of that charity, which " is the bond of perfection ; " and at the same time he remembered the late Lord Lisgar at the St. Mary's meeting, and exclaimed with poor Tom Hood— that foe of humbugs and bigots— " Oh, for the rarity of Christian charity under the sun ! " 