BAEBARA HOME, By STEPHENS HAYWABD. AriBos of 'Ecnted to Death,' 'Love Against the Woev,i-,' &c;, &c.; * Bat you know, ma'am/ said Barbara, * that there arc » number of ttories about this house — tree ones !' 'Of coarse, when a bouse stands as many years, «nd sees at nmdi -wickedness a» this one has done, rou may expect to find nme traces ia the very Walls. There are ghosts enough here in all con science, Ralph ; yon need not hare been at the trouble of inventing one. It was coined, as you knew Terr welL' ? 'Well, aunt, in spite of that, the parlour is gloomy. Let ub stay here.' 'Give me niy work, then. Pnt the cushions under my feet; and, Barbara, do you go to the piano and aing.' Mies Morten's requests were generally pre ferred in the imperative mood, and no one ever thought of questioning them. Barbara placed her self upon the music-stool obediently, the captain stood beside her to turn over the lsaves, and Hiss Morton l«aned back ill her «asy chair, with a little cmile playinsr around her lips. To her, who only knew love by its name, this scene was more like a pleasant vaudeville than anything else. ' Hot so fa»t !' ske said, with, upraised hand, as Barbara, feeling the keen glance of the hazel eyes bent on her face, bungled and blundered in her .pitying. 'Not «o fast! Take time— there is plenty of it for no all.' . At that moment Jane, the house and parlour maid, opened the door, and announced ? Mi. Orchard.' Hist Morton eat upright in her chair, and muttered, ' Bless me, That can the man wont et this time of night ?' ' I shall go mad/ whispered the captain in Barbara's ear, ' if he stays long. I inu«t speak to you soon/ . Barbara smiled into her mnsic-book, and the captain went forward to meet the rector, a little, round-faced, smiling, spectacled o!d man, whose heart was the very home of kindness, and whom 310 one could help loving. ' My dear captain/ he said, shaking the yonng man's hand, after be bad paid Ms compliments to Miss Morton, and fainted Barbara with a bow, ' my dear captain, I know you will pardon rue for -coming up here at such a time, and the ladies too — the ladies too ; but the tact is, when I heard of Jour arrival, I thought it was quite providential — if I may use such a word about such a tuingr; end so I ran after you as fast as my legs could carry me.' Having concluded his speech, the rector beamed benignantly over his steel-cased spectacles at his ?auditors. It was a peculiarity of the worthy man's that, while his sermons were lucid and clear as daylight itself, his conversation was a curious .medley, which only the initiated could under stand. The thread of his daily discourse bad to be waited for patiently — nay, some people averred that it never appeared. Buttbis was pure Ecasdal. The captain had known him from childhood, and understood that he must bide his time. 'Such a beautiful creature, captain. It will anake your heart bleed when you see her. In fact (I am afraid I'm very wicked), I can think of nothing eise, just now. I feel greatly interested in Mary Jenkins, who is dying of consumption, but I sometimes think I care most for her. If sfce should die — but you'll enre her — I know you ?ill.' ' Who ? Mary Jeakins V ' Bless me ! No. Alary Jenkins is past- your [help, my dear sir; but I hope and trust Pretty 'Bestie is not.' Miss Morton looked slightly shocked. ' Pretty Bossie ?' she said. ' Tray, who may ihs be, Mr. Or.hard ?' ' Dear me ! I thought you knew— I thonght yon all knew/ saii the gooii man, wiping his spectacles. -My brown mare is named Pretty Besiie.' 'Tour mare'.' said the captain, kindling up -Suddenly. ' I hope — I do hope nothing is wrong ?with her. A finer creature never stepped.' 'Ah, yon may well Bay that !' And the rector Enoolt his head mournfully. * She's the pride of the county, and I would not part with her for her -weight in gold. I knew you would come and look at her. Wj man says he gives her up. The poor thing's throat is swelled so that she can neither eat nor drink. But you'll set her up again; and I'm sure, in fneh a case, the ladies will excuee . you. A night's delay might make all the differ ence in ths world.' 'Of course! I will go with you directly. I think I know what the trouble is. Cheer up, Mr. Orchard', we'll have Pretty Bessie as well as ever before I go back to town. Aunt, you won't mind my leaving you for a little while.' ? Certainly not, Kalph.' He glanced towards Barbara, and then sat down at a little table, and began to write. Til make out a prescription, and send it to the village as we go. That will save time.' Miss Morton ncqoieeced, and sect for Joan, the old gardener, who was to get the prescription made up at the doctor's bouse, and then follow his young master to the Bectory. The worthy clergyman, holding forth to the lady about Pretty EeBsie'e sudden illness, did not see what she saw — namely, that the captain wrote hastily on two slips of paper, one of -which as gave to John, while he slipped the other into Barbara's hand as he passed the piano. ' How I am ready, Mr. Orchard/ be announced. The clergyman mede his adieu, and, taking the young officer's arm, trotted off with him through the old park, talking of th» brown mare all the way. The two ladies, left alone, remained in the same position for Borne time, Barbara bending over something at the piano, and playing snatcheB of melody with one hand, while her golden curls ? drooped almost to the ivory keys, and completely shaded her face from the eyes that sought it. At lost, llisa Morton laid her knitting down. ' Barbara, yon must be tired. Come here.' . The girl thrust a slip of paper hastily into her poeket, and obeyed. Miss Morton pointed to a chair, «Kvctly in front of her. ' Be kind enough to sit down there. I want to ? talk with you.' Barbara sat down. 'Now tell me — what do you think of my nephew ?' Tb« girl crimsoned deeply. ?If ' Tes, you. You have eyes, I suppose, like any other woman.. Do you think him hand iome?' 'Yes.' 'Andagreeable?' ?Without doubt.' ? I suppose you fancy he sings well ?' ? * I know he does/ . ' He is six feet high, moreover, and you like tall men.' 'Ybb.' ; ' Then he is very brave — at leaf t, we are to snp 'pose so, sine* he it in the army ?' 'Yee.' Barbara answered in monosyllables. She was afraid of committing herself, and ahe could not imagine what this croB«-«xaraination meant. Miss Morton bent down and looked at her steadily. ? You are very beautiful — be thinks so.' 'You — you Hostbe mistaken, ma'am/ ptam mered Barbara. ? Do yon think I am a fool ? I have Been him looking at you all the evening, very much, as I nrpcote, the wolf looked at fettle Bed Biding Hood before he ate her up. Take care, my dear, or her fata will b# yonr». Ralph will eat yon up, and pick you boaei into the bargain, if you don't mind.' Barbara was silent; but there wae a satisfied, unbelieving iook on her face that, provoked the spinster. ?Yon are a little fool, Barbara, as I have el ready had the honour of telling you this ereaing. I suppose Master Ralph was philandering about you last nnner, only I did not have the wit enough to sen it. You needn't answer me; you know aa well as I do that you will only tell a lie if yen speak. I know he baa said something to you, by the way yon Unshed when you first saw him to- night. . Well, now,' I wast to tell you some thing. Yon are too pretty and too good to Sing fOnrwlf sway for him. aad I shall send yon off out of hiiMftoh before the son rise* to-morrow owning.' -?Send in* away f ' said Barbara, with a look of jenuimediionay. ? Where f* \- ' 'ft) you fancy I ihtil tell you. Yon vouldfind some way of letting him know, before we got out oJ the house, and then he would be rushing oft after von, and 1 sbouldhave my trouble for my pains' ? You are very urjnst to me/ ' Not one whit. Look, Barbara ! I have found out more about you this evening than I ever knew before. You are an artful little puss. I always thought you the most innocent of all flesh ; but I am us well persuaded now that you have been corresponding with my nephew as if I had seen the letters. Tell me the truth, now. Have you not written to Captain Morton since he was here last summer?' Without the slightest hesitation, Barbarallfted her blue eyes and said, 'No;' salving over her conscience at the same time by remembering that the letters had been addressed in another name. MisB Morton looked incredulous and amused. 