TMB EDITOR'S GQ&tTXN.; What I'coiilt Say and! »;o On . We would again remind the general public of "the meeting to he held on Wednesday evening next, with reference to the proposed invitation of the Ministry and other members of Parlia- ment j and hope that nil who desire to obviate a residence here tor six months bv Commissioner Deffel, will join in and h -w th ir desire to ad vance and not ruin the district. Thk latest discovery in America is a vein of natural gas, at a depth of 122 loct from the sur- .face of the earth, " A supporter of the Defeated Candidate," and " Neutral." Now ihat the contest is over vre think it better not to publish your letters. We quite agree with your strictures, however, upon Mr. Stevenson's conduct in imputing coriupt- ness to scores of men who in times past assisted him in securing his present position of indepen dence (monetary.) It is better the whole thing -should be allowed to die out, so far as an intcr- change or expression of opinion in the .public Press is concerned. In order to augment the fund for the erection r of the Roman Catholic Churclv in South Grafton, \- a tea party.and ball' has been determined -upon . for Wednesday next. Not only has the sympathy of the ladies been enlisted, but three energetic secretaries are also at work — so that a big suc cess may be reckoned upon. 1" , By telegram we learn that at Chatsworth . chi'ui 10 months of aee. has been ' through taking sulphuric acid. Mr. Lardner proceeded down the river or Saturday afternoon to hold an inquiry. The anniversary of the inauguration ol the Nil Desperandum Lodge of Good Templars in Grafton, is to be celebrated to-morrow evening by a tea meeting and entertainment — and prices are so arranged that one can have tea and music combined, or music without the tea. Messrs F. W. and J. C. Wilcox, sons of Mr. J. F. Wilcox, J.P., of South Graflon, have established themselves as auctioneers, &c.;, and have already got into active training for the knocking down business.' A long list of " auc tions " appear in this issue. The London Sportsman slates the recent tour of the Australian cricketers in F.ngland " probably resulted in a- solid profit of at least 5000." And look at the fun they had day and night, beside. ' At the Port Jackson Swimming Club matches ' last week, the champion race, S50 yards, was won hy W. F. Corbett in 14 mins. 45 sees. ; as . also, another 300 yards race in 4 mins. 30 sees. Professor Stanich who has acquired a great \- reputation for the cure ot eye and ear diseases, is in hot water with qualified medical men in Melbourne. He desired to attend free of charge certain patients in the Melbourne Benevolent Asylum, but the committee declined the offer because there were four honorary medical officers. The Professor has proved he is no humbug, therefore this refusal appears, to say the least, rather discourteous. We learn from a private source that both the member for the Clarence and the representative for Grafton are already actively engaged in working up various matters connected with this district ; and the election of two such fine look- \- ing and intelligent men is creating a good impression in. Sydney. _ Messrs. Zions and Richardson both forfeited the 40 deposit in the Hastings election ; and Mi. St. Baker at Forbes. The Tenterfield Star says that Mr. J. Dillon is to be appointed to the Judgeship lately held by Mr. MeymotL Deeds of grant for the undermentioned persons are ready for delivery, 00 payment of usual fee: — C. Ashburn, jun. (2), Buchan, (infant) (5), G. Gerard, W. A. B. Greaves (2), C. J. Heydon, F. R. White. The following are three of the reasons why Mr. Meymott declined to oppose Mr. Dillon for the Tenterfield seat : — "1st. Being past seventy- two years of age, I am n iw too old to enter, for the first time, into the active bustling turmoils, and the almost uncresing duties of a member of Parliament. 2nd. I know very little of politics, and have never studied the science. 3rd. I'holil that every member of Parliament should be (alas ! how few can claim to be) a gentleman, a man ol education, and ap orator. I can speak when law is the subject, but when general siibjectscrop up, especially politics, I should , 4tllerly fail iu any itluiipt lo make a speech." ( It is proposed by the Dcpirtment ol Lands to validate the sale of the undermentioned land — About ti acres, pnrish of 1 awience, county of Clarence, selected by 1 nines Weir, on Ihu 1 ot Ii April, 1S73. Objections must be lodged within lour weeks front the 24th November last. Hunt the Illustrated London Giueinc and News eniitain illustrations relativotolhc capture ol the K-elly gang. The hitler paper in its account of the pioceedings at the nllVay, informs its readers that tlio number of iho Kelly gang during the Glenrowan fight was nbout equal to that of the police, and that ultimately :o of the outlaws surrendered, " casting themselves prone upon the ground and holding up tlicii hands." Wk regret to say there is a considerable amount ol sickness in the district al present, and a large number of deaths have occurred, The idea thai no person is attacked more than once with measles has been proved incorrect, as we knowofsever.il per. pic who are now sulTcring for the second time. Mr. Mkymutt (late Judge) was asked to contest the election for Tentci field with Mr. Dillon, but declined to do so. Commander Cheyne writes to the London Standard declaring his beliif that Sir John Franklin and the members of his expedition were nun dored bjrithe contractor, wljft.Qlled the tflTs uWi!.i"AfpPKvsn ti.. UJt says that Ross' ' expedition was supplied by the same contractor, and neatly suffered Franklin's fate from that cause, lie adds that he denounced the conn time, and challenged him to bring an action against him for libel. " Ari'ICi'H.a " in the llathurst Tniiependfnt, wri.es — Reletting to oars reminds ntc of sculling and sculling reminds me of the late match between Haitian and Trickclt, the champion of ol the world, on the Thames, ll is lucky for Trickclt that he is oul of ear-shot ol what his fellow-countrymen say of his recent performance. Yoimg Australia is wroth, and firmly believes that their aquatic champion, in the race referred to, sold them, and, to speak candidly, his performance when contesting with Haitian was not a very brilliant one, as at the worst, a close contest, if not victory, was expected from the well known sculling powers of our representa tive. Tiickcli's easy defeat is a cruel take down lo our native youth ; yet out of evil good may come, for the quantity of blowing that would have been indulged in hy Australians had Trickclt beaten Hanlnn is really fearful to contemplate. We have had too much cricket, too much horse-racing, too much boat .racing, too much betting, and too much blowing of late years .; and it is devoutly to he wished that a cheek lias been, for a lime at least, given to all and sundry these unnecessary evils. In 1S79 this colony had over 3000 more lines of telegraph than any of the other colonies, and no less than 1,175,218 messages were trans mitted during the twelve months. Grafton stands fourth on i!.e list in -regard to the number of mto!. 11 sent Irom various stations, having sent i4,syS messages. Tiif. Port Douglas correspondent of the Queknsi.ander writes By the Victoria I notice a small contingent of servant girls Rrrived. It would be a blessing if more came, for the Ao.tvunt girls here demand most fabulous wages — nothing less than 20s. per week in any case, and then they prove themselves to be a most independent and empty-headed lot. The thirty-four -millions of pSople in the United Kingdom drink on an average annually two gallons and three pints per head 01 alcohol, while America with iis fifty millions of people consumes onlyonegallonand a half-pint per|head. Kngland's Excise account for liquor is twenty-seven millions America's twenty-two millions a year. The result is America has lower taxation and a handsome surplus, while England groans under heavy taxation and depressing deficits. — Herald of Health. A correspondent of the Birmingham Daily Post says .: — " I was'lately an inmate for a brief space of Westminster Prison — not as a convict, but as a-.visitnr, I -was told that in one week 438 women had been admitted for drunkenness or crimes consequent thereon, and that the average earnings of the 483 while in prison during that week were ij£d. each." The American.JouRNAL of Trade, October 9th, estimates from wheat-growing returns to the 25th of September that this year the total outturn of American wheat will not exceed 465,691,000 bushels, and will probably prove 10,000,000 bushels less. The Calilornian and Oregon out-turn is estimated at 38,000,000 bushels. The requirement for home consumption from this -seasons' crop is placed at 261,000,000 bushels, leaving 184.000,003 bushels surplus. California and Oregon are credited with 2S, 000, 00c bushels surplus for export. In speaking at an election meeting at Ashficld Mr. \V. Henson (now a member for Canterbury,) said, that in coming before them to explain the views- that he held-in reference to the various political topics that were now being discussed, lie desired to explain the reasons which had prevented htm from meeting tnem sooner. Jn a number of -cases he had been told that his coming so late tr. the field had injured his chances of success, and he would therefore tell them how that happened. He replied that the matter required consideration. The next day Mr. Pigott announced himself as a candidate. He then told the gentlemen that hecould not consent to oppose Mr. Pigott or Sir. Henry Parkes. The latter was a lot.g time in announcing that he-would not became a candidate for Canterbury and while there was this uncertainty, he (Mr. Henson) was invited to go to the Clarence River. He went, and it was during his absence that Sir Henry Parkes declared that he would not contest the -electorate of (Canterbury. His friends then telegraphed- to him'.that;his suppor ters were anxious for him to .return >to Sydney to contest the electorate, as there was -no one in the field in whom they had confidence .enough to return with Mr. Pigott. He received that telegram at 10 o'clock on Friday night, -whilst he was addressing a large number of people in the School of Arts, Grafton, and on the following Sunday he was in Sydney, so they would see he had lost no time. At the Liverpool Races last week, the Flying Handicap and Merryvale Handicap were won by Verdict. The L. C. Advocate warmly supports the project on toot for a Ministerial visit lure, m euinpanieil bv members of I'.iiliainent liiavo Advocate lor showing a desire in keep up with the times, iu place ol adopting absurd theories about " principle" and "right parlies a failing with the hypercritical portion of the Press in New South Wales. I JtiiviE Mhym tt is practising as a barrister, at the District Couils and Qnattcr Sessions, in the Northern Districts. Attention is invited to the long list of ' tenders for the lease of the various Borough 1 reset ves and for the supply of material, No,, ;1 tcqtiiiod hy the Grafton Borough Council for the en u'ag year. Tenders he sent in prior in 3 p.m. V on Wednesday next, for consideration ill the!; monthly meeting to be held that day. At the llathurst election 110 less than 1115 of' the 1300 electors on the roll recorded their1 votes, In two days last week nearly 500 passengers arrived in Sydney, hy sea Irom foreign and coastwise ports. A gentleman in London writing to P. J. Clark, ot Sydney, states—" I hope you will lei it he known far and wide what a sterling friend Jaek Thompson has been to the men. He alone trained Laycock, whilst to Trickett he is mote than a brother.- He seems- to devote, .-Mn>ursew-i4f.»i.i.v, ni.ijjiiilii ttiuLdaitlve-'Si. at tli'cir service. Could man do more ? 1 know that there is some feeling in Sydney about Jack Thompson being here at all, and therefore in common justice it should he known as widely as possible that his presence is invaluable, and without in any way desiring to detract from | Harry Kelly's m. rit, I may say, that if Trickett wins Thompson must share equally witii him in the credit of the victory. In a letter to a Sydney Iricnd, Laycock remarks — I. have seen Haitian out often, in fact have rowed over the course alongside ol him. 1 see very little in him, and can only conclude that he will not have the ghost of a chance with Trickett, so, bar accidents, he is not in it. His hump of self-esteem is exceedingly well developed. He rows opened-hnnded, so I need tell yon no more." It is evident from this that even Laycock underrated the little Canadian 1 ower. At the present time something like 600 per week is being paid away in salaries and wages in connection with the Melbourne Exhibition. In his speech at Casino, Mr. Fawcett stated -There was an idea that the Government would take the 5s. per cwt. off imported sugar 7 hut there was not die slightest chance so far as he knew of die Treasurer doing this, The present Treasurer says he will not, but the former one certainly did intend it. lie might say that he knew a new Distillation Bill wound 'be introduced by the Government, which would enable the smaller mill owners to make spirits, and use up treacle, Stc. ; and in remarking upon this although it would perhaps be more profitable than treating the molasses another way, -it would -bring a quantity of cheap though perhaps inferior spirit into the market. It would enable small mill- owners to make spirits, and there would not he- the expense of having Government officers to watch them. In the matter of distillation there was to lie a change. For many years he had been a Free Trader (loud cheers), and he was very much astonished to learn that some of the farmers on the Clarence advocated a tax on ' maize. Mr J. BACKLER, a painter of portraits in oils who performed some excellent work here, a number of years ago, has returned to Sydney Irom Queensland. The most important work in his studio, 50, Hunter-street, is a life size, half- length portrait of Sir Hercules Robinson a picture meritorious not alone as an accurate likeness of a well-known man, but for the excellence of its flesh tints, and its general treatment. Mr. Backler was the painter of those portraits of Sir. Francis Forbes and Sir James Dowling which : hang in the Supreme Court, Sydney; and when in Queensland a number of important commissions were entrusted to him. — S. M. Herald, The steamer Protos has left Melbourne with a cargo of frozen meat for London. It consists of 3000 carcases of mutton and a few of beef and 65 tons of butter. Gifford's patent is being used. The freezing-room on Sunday registered 23 degress, or nine below freezing point. Two experienced engineers go home with the vessel. The meat is all enclosed in bags, and all the latest improvements, profiting by the Strathleven experiment, have been introduced. The Telegraph reports that at the dcclnra tion of the poll for West Sydney, Mr. O'Connor whose reception was marked hy continued cheering and the waving of hats, said he appeared before the grand -jnrv of the country after having tried one of (he greatest issues ever submitted — whether a young man or any man accepting "the highest trust was to be a political dwarf, or what God intended him to be, an honest man. (Cheers.) They had tried the question of whether he, as a humble individual, had the mmraof tn ctnnd lin in lUn Parlinnmnf rt«f In attack a small man, but to attack one of the biggest impostors that ever disgraced the country. (Loud cheers and groans ) They had decided by sending him 'to Parliament to finish ;the work. It was ins pride to stand there, returned by 110 sect, but by the combination of Ml sects in the community, and he promised in the presence of the Almighty that he would represent every man no matlerwhathe might be, faithfully. (Cheers.) They would remember the Great Master of old turning the traffickers out of the Temple, and he could imagine that -day -that the spirit of the immortal Wentworth had inspired the people of West Sydney to send him to hunt out .traffickers in the Temple. (Laughter and cheers.) He thanked them for having returned him, and' concluded amidst cheers. Insolvent— .George Burton, of Graftin, labourer. .Liabilities, 33 2s. iod.; asses, ;£ 2 -los.; deficiency, 30 12s iod. IPhe Australian Mutual Provident Society Ks purchased large premises for their business, n Adelaide, at a cost of j£?.o,coo. 'The undermentioned gold mining lease h.s been cancelled — S. C. Brown and H, JPhilljps.j acres, Lion Reef, Solferino. On Wednesday next , a special meeting ,f magistrates will be held at Grafton, for the pi-, .pose of revising the jury lists for next .year. Farmers and others would do well to attend ie sale ol farm horses, cattle, implements, &c.;, 1 he held In-morrow, at Mr. Anderson's- (arm, air's Creek, by Mr, 11. M.iurice.as it will bean luisiial opportunity to Btiit themselves in the liove linos. Tint Melbourne correspondent of the Geelnng .dvkktiskr says : — " Last week a man named tephon James M'Culloeh was otdored hy a irhiirlmn bench of magistrates to pay five lillings weekly towards the maintenance of a irgnlien responsibility. The reporter for the ileal paper enleied the name on his copy as S. lames M'Culloeh, and the local compositor, with that piesdeucc and universality of know ledge which is his most endearing characteristic, instantly apprehended the hiatus, and printed the neglectful father who had been brought to a sense of his responsibilities ns Sir James M'Culloeh. Naturally, Sir James has been raging round town ever since in a furious state, if so even-tempered a capitalist can ever be said to be in such an excited condition — and his time is now j Petty well employed in meeting the bantu- with which he is assailed. For, you see, five shillings n week for the putative sun of n ltnight was such a low tariff !" The progress of the elections in New South .Wales (observes the Australasian) affords much matter of interest to Victorians. In one sense the elections in the adjoining colony are wanting in the importance sometimes nttachint tft election compaigns. There aie.i.fcw great prlllCfpltSK «ml-1wjct,ul' »l , wix;-' their result. If, instead ol the. Government securing ft substantial majority, as it appears certain to do, this good fortune had fallen to the Opposition, the difference to the policy of the country would have been small. On nlmist all points of practical importance the opinions of the Government and those of the Opposition are very much the same. Whether the issue were to give victory to Sir H. Parkes or to Mr. Farnell, the maintenance of the free trade policy under which lite colony is making such rapid Strides in prosperity, and o( the education system which was affirmed hy the legislation of last session, would have been equally secured. The country is in many respects very fottunalc when the public mind is so clear, nnd decided, and generally agreed on the main lines of policy that opposite parties recognize that they have no choice but to carry oul that concurrent de termination, however they may differ as to the means of most effectually doing so. In Melbourne last week a mm Cohen was fined 5 and jQs 2s. ousts, for having sold two -cigars on a Sunday, A mass of gold and quart?, (says the M. A, Mail) was unearthed -on 'Thursday evening at the Queen Company's claim, Black Hill, Ballarnl weighing about -too oz., and supposed to contain about 300 os ofgold. The nugget was lound m the. furthest point north in -the mine in a (l it vein about 2 feet thick and 20 loet above the 530 feet level. ' In the electorate of the Ilogan there are no- less than 63 polling places. A meeting of the Railway Committee is to beheld this afternoon, A full attendance is' very necessary, so as to thoroughly revive the agitation. The London House -firm is again to the fore, and has now on view about the choicest collec tion of nic nacs for-the Christmas season, to be- seen -in cither Sydney or the -country -disiricts. Thf. following appears ns an advertisement in ' the Lismore Chronicle — " Irish Episcopalians; and others who are opposed -to Ritualism and ; other Romish practices as carried .out in the Diocese of Grafton and Ann -tale, will please at-! lend a preliminary meeting at the (Protestant j Hull, Lismore, on Tuesday evening, December ! 6th, at 7 30 o'clock. Busii.eis — To take steps to communicate with the Primate of Ireland with a view to the -immediate introduction into the district of Richmond River of a duly qualified - minister .of .the Irish Church.'" The masters of -several steamers which fol-. lowed the Rush v. Trickett race cl « r than ' allowed hy the harbour rigulutions, have been ; fined in.sums ol from ios..to 5. It -is believed the Lady Daring, steamer, struck on the sunken wreck of the missing ship ' Result. The F.. News says that the Arpyle, steamer, , from Grafton, was gaily decorated whilst coming, up Sydney Harbour with Mr. John See, M P.,' on hoatd. The Star asserts that the Tenterfield election concluded with a general free fight, and that one publican sold no less than j6od " nip-t " during the day. The Sydney Telegraph states — It is slated that the return ot Mr. John See for Grafton -is to be petitioned against on the grounds Ihat '"Casks of beer were in the -streets for .the use of; electors at pleasure." -It may be very easy to prove that '-he beer .was thore,-but unless it -can be shown that Mr. See provided it, or authorised "bis agent in writing " to do so, he cannot be held responsible for it. We (S. M. Herald) have been furnished with the following .particulars relative to the new Masonic Lodge opened on lhe.4th instant in the. city of Grafton. The G.M. of New South Wales, Mr. J. S. Farnell, M.I,.A,,'wiih.a number of 'his officers, including -P.M.'s Captain Lee, J. F. Smith, and N. Weekes, proceeded Irom Sydney specially to instal the first officers. The Grand Master having duly inspected and certified to the suitability of the room, proceeded to open an occasional lodge which, being done in due form, the charter of the new Lodge was unveiled. R.W.M. Weekes, . Grand Secretary, was then. deputed -to instal and invest the first officers, -and. to declare, that -.the name -of the-lodgewould .be 'the "Prince Leopold," being No. 23 under the constitution .of New South Wales. A number of gentlemen were initiated .into the rites of Kreemasoncry, -and the.loflge-was- elosed according.to ancient custom. The -next day the Grand Master and his officers were entertained at a banquet, at whiehthe usual .loyal and Masonic toasts -were honoured ; they werealso treated-to an. excursion .up the river Clarenuein.a-steamdaunch. .-Steps are being-taken to recognise the public -servioes of Mr. D. O'Connor, M.P., lor West Sydney, mnd Mr. H. Taylor, late -member, for Parramatta. More than £200 has already been .subscribed in each instance. Quern Victoria was born, not exactly in povirty, but the next door to it. Her mother married her father four years after tlio death of her first hu.thnnd, the Prince of Leiningcn. The l)uk«\ prior to the marriage, Itnd been living nt Brussels, in a house rented, and made frequent excursions into Gcrmnny. They wete married at Golmrg on May 29th, t8i8, according to the Luttiutan rites, and the marringo'was re solemn ized it Kew according to those of the Church of England. They remained lint a short time in England and then went to Aninrbnch, where the Duchess hail been residing ns guardian of her son nnd regent of the principality. When the Duchess became oncieute, Alderman Wood (grandfather of Sir Evelyn, the Zuluinnd hero) who was twice J. ord Mayor of London, and nn eminent Liberal, was, from patriotic feelings desirous that a child probably destined to be a sovereign should be born on British soil, anil therefore tried to induce the trustees of the Duke's estate, then insolvent, to advance enough money to enable him to return. 'They declined nnd he himself advanced it. It was not repaid for years. The Queen, it is said, on account of this generosity crcntcd hma a Baronet. — English paper. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat \dvkrtiskk writes : — " Ned Kelly's body, it is alleged, was given over after the execution to the medical men, and a nice mess they mndc of it. The students particualavy went in heavily, taking part of tlte body and generally examining every organ. Tt wn« a ghastly, sight— indeed, Tiafaly'Sver jiaratleteG. I am u-ilil that iimiioim of the corpse are now in every ' curiosity ' cabi net in Melbourne medical mcn'i places. The skull was taken possession of by one gcullcinnn, and it is probable that he may her rafter en lighten us upon the peculiarities of the great criminal's brain. Tlte medical men call these things ' preparations,' nnd therefore the public can imagine what has become of Kelly's body. As a matter of fact, 1 have seen a pari of the hody, although it is supposed that it was consumed in the quick-lime which was thrown into -the grave.'" 