GENERAL NEWS. Friday, September 23, after 12 noon, is to be gazetted a publio holiday. The public offices and the banks are to be olosei during that afternoon. A lecture on "John Bright" will be delivered tbis evening by the Rev. O. Copland, in the hall of tbe Young Men's Christian Asso ciation* The following is a list of the passengers booked to leave by the steamer John Elder, which sails on Saturday:—Mrs. F. England and Mr, W. England, in the saloon; Mr. and Mrsr John Terrell and family (6), Robt. Brodie, W. Jack, Ernest Wood, and Harry Fisher, in the third class and steerage. At noon to-day, when forfeits had to he declared; for the S.A.J.C. Derby, there were only three horses left in the event, namely, Eotheohild. Delamere, and Ursula, so that it is not improbable the Derby to morrow" may be reduced to a match between two of the three named, Totalizator has been scratched for all his S.A.J.C. engagements. On Thursday morning, as a carter n'amed Henry Jeffery, in the employ of McLean Bros., Hindley-street, was driving a open dray in Gillis-street, the horse knooked down a ohild two years of age, daughter of Wm. Rushbridge, breaking its thigh and brusing it on the lower part ,of the body. The little sufferer was taken to the hospital by Constable Wallace, and ad mitted. The following is a record of the rain fall between 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour.on Thursday, September 23: Bedhill ... 0015 Kooringa ... 0030 Farrell's Flat... 0*030 Clare 0*030 Auburn , ... 0*030 Hoyleton ... 0020 Balak'ava ... 0 040 Port Wakefield 0*045 Wallaroo ... 0*020 Moonta ... 0030 Minlaton ... 0*110 Yorketown ... 0*050 Stansbury ... 0*050 Edithburgli ... 0075 -Warooka ... 0*005 Overland Crnr. 0010 Gawler ... 0*070 Mount Pleasant 0*010 Gumeracha ... 0 060 Mount Torreus 0*140 Salisbury . ... 0*030 Adelaide (Ob ) 0*0/0 Clarendon ... 0*030 Noarlunga ... 0050 Mount Barker 0.040 Strathalbyn ... 0*070 Wiliunga ... 0010 Port. Lincoln ... 0.010 Cape Borda ... 0090 Port Elliot ... .0*003 Kingston ... 0*110 Narracooite ... 0.150 Blanebetown... 0*020 J Penola . ... 0 030 Kapunda ... 0 050 I Mount Gambier 0*200' Tanunda' ... 0*070 j The following is Thursday morning's weather report on the Adelaide . and Port Darwin Telegraph line:—Port Darwin, N.W., light, clear, fine; Southport, S.E, light, olear, fine; Yam Creek, S.E., light, clear,fine; Pine Creek, S.E., moderate, clear, fine; River Catherine, S.E., strong, olear,. fine; Powell's Creek, S.E., strong,olear, fine; Tennant's Creek, S.E., strong, olear, fine; Barrow Creek, S.E., moderate,clear, fine; Alice Springs, S.E., light, j clear, fine; Charlotte Waters, S.E., moderate, clear, fine; Strangways Springs, S.E., moderate; Farina, N.W., fresh; Beltana, N.W., cloudy, fine. Sir Hercules Robinson is to be a guest of His Excellency Sir William Jervois during bis stay in Adelaide. Both their Excellencies will be present at the race meeting of the South Australian Jockey Club on Friday next. Sir Hercules Robinson is also to attend the meeting of the Hunt Club on Saturday. He will leave the colony for the Cape, to the Governorship of which colony he has been appointed, by ths John Elder on Saturday evening. , TheHon. J. Colton was not prepared on Wednesday to go on with his motion in the Assembly affirming . the desirableness of con structing a railway to Willunga via Marino, and gave notice that he would move it on the fol lowing Wednesday with a slight amendment of the wording, viz., that the line should brauch off from the Nairne Railway at Goodwood instead ofatMitcham. . For'many weeks past there has been dangling at tbe end of the Assembly notice paper a motion by Mr. Parsons directed against the present rates ruling on the Morgan line, as being " unfair to the farmers,the.general body of taxpayers, and the woolgrowers," and use less " as a means of securing the river trade." The discussion on this motion has gone on by " fits and starts." Once it lapsed altogether, but on Wednesday it was finally disposed of. The closing debate was commenced by the Com missioner of Public Works, who, in a vigorous speech, sarcastically twitted Mr. Parsons on the ."'pure motives of philanthropy" which induced him to bring forward the motion, motives, of course, unmixed with any desire to please his constituents at Goolwa and Port Victor; and he argued that the Morgan Rail way: was a special line with a special tariff, intended directly for the purpose of securing the Riverina traffic. That it; was obtaining this result the Commis sioner endeavored to prove by quoting various authorities, and he incidentally mentioned that dnringtheyearending June30,1880,the receipts of theline were £26,800, the.expenses £ 16,331, and the balance of profit £10,446. The view taken -by tbe Commissioner was generally endorsed by the House, and the motion was negatived. The second reading of the Local Courts Bill was moved by Mr. Bray in the Assembly on Wednesday. The Bill provides for an extension of the jurisdiction of existing Local Courts in personal actions from oases involving an amount of £100 to cases np to £500, full powers of ap peal being reserved. Provision is also made for dealing with cases for recovery of tenements the annual value or rent of whioh does not ex ceed £100; and with actions of ejectment where the land of which possession is claimed has not a greater value than £500. The Governor is in vested with power to proclaim Local Courts of Insolvency wherever he may think there will probably be enough business to justify such a course being taken, and provision is made for the removal of proceedings from the Insolvency Court in Adelaide to a Local Court of Insol vency. when the creditors are in the country,and vice versa when the creditors are in the city. Mr. Bray has not thought fit to propose jurisdiction in equitable, matrimonial, or testamentary causes, believing this to be unnecessary; nor does he] propose any extension of the criminal jurisdiction, pointing out that the Attorney General can introduce a measure, to extend tbe provisions of the Minor Offences Apt, so as to prevent prisoners being_ sent to Adelaide on trifling charges, if he thinks it necessary. The advantage claimed for the new Bill is that it will do justice to the country districts without involving the colony in any additional expense, while in the event of the new system being largely availed of by litigants, it would be quite competent for Parliament to make any new ap pointments of jndgeB or magistrates that may be thought desirable. The debate on the second reading was adjourned till Wednesday next, on the motion of the Attoraey-Qeneral. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. report the ssle of another station on account of Mr. A. M. Wooldridge, viz., Yartoo, situated in theGawler Ranges, with 15,180 sheep, at 17s. per head csab, the purohaser being Air. W. M. Crawford, of Karcultabie, Port Lincoln district. On Wednesday, September 22, Mr. W. A. Horn shipped eighteen very superior rams to his Mary Yale Station, per schooner Magnet. These rams were purchased from Messrs. W. Gordon & Co., at their annual sale of Mr. John Murray's stud sheep on September 15, and in clude the fifty-five guinea ram, which was the highest-priced animal of this sale. On Sunday, September 19, the first as semblage of members of the Church of England residing at Goodwood took place at the residence of Mr. William Bishop, where a solemn service was held in the open air, preparatory to the erection of a church. An efficient choir ably assisted Mr. Rushton, who presided at the organ. The service was conducted by the Rev. G. E. Gibbes and Mr. W. S. Moore, in a very impressive manner. A regular service will be held on; future Sunday afternoons at 3 o'clock. "A. correspondence is now being carried on," remarks the Narracoorte Herald," between tbe proprietors of the different eoaobes running between Adelaide and Melbourne and the two Governments with the view of reducing the passage-money from Adelaide to Melbourne during the Exhibition. It is proposed to re dace the present rates nearly 50 per cent. A very large number of persons in this district have expressed their intention of visiting the Exhibition." "We have been favored by Messrs. Roberts & Wood," booksellers, of Xing William-street, with a copy of a com plete edition of the poems of the well known Australian writer, Mr. A. L.Gordon, issued by Messrs. Massina & Co., of Mel bourne. It is. true Mr. Gordon is not an Australian by birth, but his best years were spent in the colonies, and the poems, which have attained more than local reputation, were written amid the straggles and ups and downs of the life of a busy colonist. We have criti cised Mr. Gordon's various works as they ap peared, and it is unnecessary therefore to notice them in detail in their ^collected form. The poems are written in the most varied moods and suited to almost every taste. They are all characterised by grace of rhythm and a pleasing facility of rhyme that give them a peculiar charm. Mr. Gordon is perhaps seen at his be3t In desoriptive pieces relating to that sporting life . in : which he so delighted. All these are wonderfully telling, and go with a swing that fairly carries away the reader. The volume is well got up in every respect, and does credit to the publishers. Respecting the foregoing, work a correspondent thus writes:—"In looking through the new edition of Gordon's poems I find two pieces said to be. as far as the editor is aware, hitherto unpublished. The first, * To my Sister;' the second, * A Voice from the Bush.' Both of these compositions, however, have been printed. The first I believe was printed in the office, if it did not appear in the oolumns of the Advertiser, and the second was published in the Register of April 26, 1871, among Geoffrey Orabthorne's ' Echoes from the Bush.' The latter is probably - the most spirited set of verses in the: volume, and I welt-remember that it attracted great and deserved attention at the time it appeared. It was copied into the Australasian and several other colonial' papers, and was both from its Btyle and treatment generally ascribed to Gordon. Much curiosity was excited as to the real author, as curiosity always will arise when a ' good thing' appears and nobody claims it as his own. I am not at all astonished therefore to see it included among Gordon's works, and am very glad to see this gem of purest ray rescued from the dark unfathomed recesses of: forgotton news papers. The poem, however, was not writteu by Gordon at all, nor did he ever lay claim to it. The late Mr. John Howard Clark informed me that the writer was Mr. W. M. Morris, then aide-de-camp toSir James Fergnsson. Few in Australia admire Gordon's poems more than myself, and it is with no wish to detraot from his merits that I have written this. A master of nervous passionate English, with an ear at tuned by study of Shelley and Swinburne to rhythm and melody, Gordon ' writes like a man,'and delighting in the choice of common topics which come home-to every one,'he rouses an enthusiasm which only au enthusiast as be was could call forth." A meeting of the Walker ville Cricket Club is to beheld in the Walkervilleschoolroom this evening. ' , An eiitertainment is to be given by the pupils of the North Adelaide Grammar School this evening, in the Academy of Music. In connection with the S.A.J.C. races Contadinahas beau scratched for the Holdfast Handicap, and Royal Consort and Aurora have paid forfeit for the Derby. We'understand "that" arrangements are being made for the exhibition at Garner's Theatre of Professor Pepper's celebrated ghost illusion and other novel optical effects, includ ing Fisher's mystery, Pygmalion and Galatea, and the Hidden Hand. The apparatns is on the way from Melbourne, and the first entertain ment will be given on Saturday, October 2, or ; probably earlier, if the necessary arrangements can be completed. Pepper's ghost is a house hold term, and doubtless there will be crowded ' attendances to witness this extraordinary illu sion. A meeting of the members of the Royal Park Football Club was held at the King's Head Hotel on Wednesday evening, September 22\. There was a large attendance. Mr. W. H. J. Dedman occupied the chair. It was stated that the club had been very successful during the past year. Fifteen matches had been played, six were won, four lost, and five ware drawn. The advisableness of forming a junior association was discussed, and it was decided to , take active steps in the matter. Several toasts were proposed, including that of the captain, vice-captain, and chairman. The annual prize contest in connection with the Watervale Bnfield Eifle Club took place at Watervale on Tuesday, September 21. There were twenty-eight competitors, and the distances were 200,300,400, and 500 yards; five rounds at each distance, and any position allowed. The bullseye counted four, centre three, and outer two. It will be seen that the aggregate prize winners were pretty even. The weather throughout was very unfavorable, stroDg gusts blowing from the north, " which puzzled the riflemen considerably. At the 500 yards range it was diffioult to keep on the target. The following are the aggregate prize takers:—Mr. M. Leonard (of Adelaide), 1st prize, £8 8s., 58 points, no miss; Mr. J. Morcom (of Adelaide), 2nd prize, £5 5s., 58 points,no miss; Mr. Stewart (of Watervale), 3rd prize, £3 3s., 58 points, two misses; and Mr. Sobels (of Watervale), 4th prize, £2 2s., 58 points, two misses. Distance prizes were also competed for. The prizes were presented to the winners at the concert which was held the same evening at the Foresters' Hall. Mr. Leonard appeared on the stage, and complimented the members of the Watervale Eifle Oluh upon the manner in which they had carried out their arrangements. On "Wednesday evening, September 22, the first of what are intended to be annual private theatricals by the boys of St. Peter's Collegiate School, took place in the school room of the college. There was a large and fashionable attendance, fully 300 persons being present. The room was prettily ornamented with evergreens, flowers, and flags, and a stage was erected at the north end. The scenery was excellent, and reflected, great credit on the artist, the Eev. O. O. Elcum. The dresses, which were kindly lent by Mr. W. J. Hoiloway, were very good. The piece chosen for representation was the first part of Shakapeare's historical, play of " Henry IV.," the female parts being excluded. The leading role, that of King Henry IV., was taken by Master Geo. Murray, aud the way in' which that vouug gentleman acquitted himself reflects great credit upon himself and the stage manager, Mr. G. Trotter. The part of Sir John Falstaff was assumed by Master G. M. May, and though in the opening scene the young player displayed a little J nervousness, this wore off as the play progressed, and his exhibition of the braggadocio of the character was provocative of much laughter. The acting of the young gentle man who impersonated the valiant but mis guided Hotspur was also very good, and he re ceived a large share of applause. The various other characters were well rendered by the youthful actors. A word of praise is also due to the orchestra, who contributed very greatly to the evening's enjoyment. There was a very good house at the Theatre Eoyal on Wednesday night, when Bou cicault's drama. "Conn, the Saughrann," was placed on the boards, with Mr. Eoberts, the clever Irish comedian, in the title role. The' piece has been so frequently produced in Ade laide that it is quite unnecessary to enter into any description of its plot or incidents. Mr. Eoberts made au excellent" Conn," pourtraying the warm-hearted, rollicking ne'er-do-weel to the life; His by-play also throughout was excellent, being uuexaggerated and natural. Miss Lemore looked very charming as Moya Doolan, the priest's neice, whom " Gonu " so persistently woos, and who love3 him so heartily despite all her uncle's warnings as to her lover's thriftless character, and acted with grace and vivacity. Mr. Herbert Fleming, made an efficient Bobert Ffollioi, and Mr. Arthur Elliot was very good as Father Doolan.. The part of Olair Ffolliet, the sister of the unfortunate Eobert found au able exponent in Miss Jenny Watt- Tanner, who play ed with intelligence and ease. Miss Jenyns was overweighted in the part of Arte O'Neill, but certainly looked the character well. Mr. Th.rne introduced somewhat too much of the comic element into the part of the cowardly police agent, Harvey Duff, especially in earlier scenes, but in tbe last sceue, where he leaps the cliff to escape the fury of the mob, be was very good; and Mr. Douglas gave a capital rendering of the character of the rascally Kin chela. > The other principal parts were filled by members of the company who have appeared in them before, and of whose respective per formances we have formerly spoken in .praise. It is therefore only necessary to mention that Mr. W. J. Hoiloway appeared as Captain Moli neux, Miss Arden as Mrs. O'Kelly, and Miss Knight as Biddy Madigan. The miuor characters were fairly sustained. The applause-was de servedly frequent throughout, and both Mr. Eoberts and Mr. Hoiloway were honored with calls before the curtain. The same piece will be repeated this evening. - 