THE STORY-TELLER BY THE OLD FOUNTAIN. Part II. A tew happy days new past daring which Lard Arlington indulged himself in the plea sure of analysing the simple trustfulness of the mind of his promised brides. He allowed her to make pikes for their life of retirement and industry. 4 1 shall only have one plans dress, she said, 4 and sometimes a rose to make me look pretty. I shall not need any money— scarcely aiy at all.' 4 But if we should -not have any dinner?' he said, ' ' I never cared about dinner,' said Lalage, £ wdold rather have a (flip of tea.' So 4t went on, till one evening, while they lingered beside the fountain, he suddenly drew forth a magnificent bracelet of dia monds, and clasped it" on her arm. She stared at it in amazement. ( But where difl you get it?' she asked. 4 It is bought and paid for,' he answered, smiling. ' " ! 4 Oh, -this wIU never do ; this is terrible !' said Lalage. ' W hy, sir, it would furnish our house !' v Soit Would,1 he said. did not -think you had so much money In the world as this would cost,' said Lalage ; bt I will put it away, and we ban sell it when WsWiftit something.' iSow© can/ said Lord Arlington. But tb© next day he brought her a necklace to match- the bracelet, and this time she was vexed. v-- . 'llsimist be wrong,' she said ; I am sorry ycu havedone-it. You know we have no right to '-each -things as these.' -Ah, -but we' have the right, said her lover. 'My darling, these jewels belonged to my mo her, aud i have ©nly had them re-set.' ' Yout -mother !' said Lalage. 'And yet you . told' me that you wtre — — ' 3>iw4y hota>skid Lod Arlington. f Ah, I erstan d you. I wiU teasft ywi no longer. Lalage, for give me fur having played you a trick.' 4 Atrickl The colour mounted' to her brow. 4 X am no pdor artist, uncertain of gaining a livelihoods! am an English nobleman, and my nanie isjrord Arlington of Dprwent.' Lalagie -11 turned pale, and her eyes had Opened vet y wide. You are telling me the truth this time ?' ' said- the girl earnestly. Gn. nay word oi honour,' said his lord ship. Lalage sighed. ' Let me think about it,' she said. I believe you are disappointed,' said Lord Arlington delightedly, 4 but you will soon get over that, my pretty one.' Mrs. L'Estrange found her niece that night lost in a reverie at her window. 4 My deg,r, ' she aai 1, this change does not seem to please you as mucu as it ought. 4 lam glad for his sake, of course,' said the girl p 4 I shall bo proud to see him hold his head so high. But I am sorry for my own part.' There will bo nothing for me to do. Anybody could wear diamonds ; anybody could walk gracefully through life by his aide ; but I should have been so good to him had he really been poor. Now 1 shall have no way of showing my love.' 4 This is a romantic feeling which will quickly pass away, ' said the old lady. 'Brighten up, my Lalage, and be thankful for the fate which has sought you out.' 4 1 wish,' she added mentally, 4 1 wish I couid only feel sure that no hing would ever Occur to cloud that happy fate.' The reflection was comaicnpls.ce enough, but- it -had am ore than o i dinar y meaning. Lalage's feeling of disappointment did fade away before the happy realities of the life that had opened upon her. If she had not the privilege of making any sacrifice for her love, she had the enjoyment of eeeiug him already occupying a distin guished position in the world, and she was woman enough to take pleasure in all the beautiful gifts he lavished on her, and to listen with delight to the tales he told her of the wonders and ch rins of the great world of which she knew nothing as yet, hut which would receive her with adoration and homage by-and-by. Then how delicious to hear of how they would travel together in sunnier lauds, explore all the most exquisite comers cf creation, sketch together, climb the great mountains, float on the storied rivers. Life would be one loog summer's day to them, said Lord Arlington ; and Lalage never doubted. A time was |fixecl for the ; edding, and as the preparations went on .Lalage became painful y aware that her aunt- was in a troubled state of mind. Her invalid uncle was in fetter he alth than usual, and he had giyea his consent fcothe marriage, and there was no reason for the disturbance of Mrs. L'Estrange's mind save only her sorrow, at parting from her child. And Lalage grieved that the trouble should go so deep. With the bright hopefulness of youth she could hardly perceive that they -were going to be separated at all. After their return from that enchanting trip, she and her husband were to pass much time with the old couple, and plans were made which would keep them almost always near. And in their absence, thought Lalage, would not her dear old aunt make herself quite comfortable, and read her favourite magazines and newspapers with as much interest as if her niece were in the garden alone, as she had used to be so many hours of the day, or wandering about the green alleys, growing romantic from the teaching of the nightingales ? 4 It is only an idea,' thought the' happy girl ; 4 she will not miss me as much as she thinks.' But the trouble-in Mrs, L'Estrange's mind was from another cause than that which her niece had guessed. It came from a deep- lying fear loog dormant in her mind, but always more or less felt, and influencing her actions with regard to her niece — a fear which of late had become vividly awake and alive. The question of whether it could be lulled to rest again, and return to its dormant con dition, or whether it might issue from her mind in definite shape to affect the destinies of others, was unconsciously decided for her one evening when Lord Arlington bad just arrived from a hasty visit to town, ahd Lal- age had shyly appeared, to gratify his special whim, in a dress of the richest velvet and lace, and wearing all bis diamonds upon , her breast, and aims, and head. 4 Countess Lalage !' said her aunt, kissing and holding her off; and the old lady" thought his lordship more abstracted and less enthusiastic than he ought to have been at the sight of so enchanting an appari tion. ' Have you heard any bad news V asked Lalage, laying her hand on his arm. 4 You seem unusually overcast. ' Yes, love,' h© said ; ' I have been wit nessing trouble. A poor fellow, a particular friend of mine; 13 separating from his wife. It is a quarrel arising 'from a deception that was practised upon him by her. There is some family secret which she withheld from him. It has come to his knowledge Without ner assistance, ana ne cannon torgive ner. 4 Is not that rather harSsh V said Mrs. L'Estrange, turning pale, a fid withdrawing into the shadow of a curtain. 4 1 cannot say I think so,' said his lordship, a little stiffly. 4 Everything concerning his wife onght to bo confided to a man before his marriage with her. In this case it was par ticularly important. Her parentage was in . question. She was not so well born as he think he is a cruel man,'' aid Mrfe. L'Estrange, 4 however wrong she may have been.' ' 'That is according to one's notions,' said Lord Arlington. _ Lalage had been silent, looking with a little awe' into the face of her f uture, hus band. 1 1 have no secret, thank heaven !' she murmured, with a sigh. ' 4 Aunt,' she said later, 4 how thankful I am that I am what is called well born. ' The old lady gave a little gasp that was almost a cry, and seized her hand. 4 Come in here with me, my -dear ; I want to speak to you.' 4 Are you not well?' asked the girl an xiously, following her. " 4 Not quite; a Tittle oppressed. Sit down, and let me speak to you.' Lalage cast a rapid backward glance over her own conduct. Have I done anything wrong ?' she asked. Wrong ? You, my precious child ? You never did anything wrong.' 4 Oh, auntie, what an immoral conclusion ! What would the catechism say if it heard you V 'My dear, I cannot jest. Listen to me while I have courage. I have something important to tell you.' 4 Yes, auntie, I am listening. Don't be so distressed. What can it be that can matter so much? You are well — uncle is well — I am well ; and somebody else is the dearest, and greatest, and best in the world.' 4 My child I1 4 1 don't believe there's anything in the world that couid be wrong.' But the girl's cheek paled a little as she saw how deep was the distress, how real the struggle, that had seized on the mind of ber aunt. 4 Come, auutie ; speak, speak 1' Mrs. L'Estrange raised her head and looked at her earnestly. 4 Lalage, yon are wise and brave. Can I trust you with.a secret ?' 4 A secret ? I hate secrets. Ob, auntie, must you lay it ou me ? Nay, that was a selfish speech. Whatever you suffer from I would share.' 4 My tender child ! But if it were only a question of my own suffering, I should not have resolved to speak to you. The matter concerns yourself — - ill concern all your'afier life. The life you must go on with when I ain in my grave.' 4 And must I hear it ?' 4 1 have made up my mind that it is im portant you should. I would guard you against misfortune ; teach you how to avoid the wreck of your happiness.' Lalage could ask no more, but sat gazing at the eider lady with beseeching eyes. Teil me,' she said at last. 4 Lalage, you heard Lord Arlington describe the situation of his friend who is separating from his wife. The position of that -rife may be your own possibly in the future, unless you follow the couusel I shall give you.' 4 What r o you mean ?' 4 You are 1 -ss well born than he thinks you. All, my chdd, do n >t stare so wildly ! You are not my niece, nor any relation to me or to my husband. We have treated you as our child, we have called you our niece ; and unless wicked and troublesome people should spring up to. try to destroy you. no one need ever know that you arc not what the world has believed you to be.' 1 'Go.oc, unfcie. - I 4 Puis is why 1 have sh'unk from intro-1 duoing you to society— from the thought of - your being sought in marriage by someone I like Lord Arlington. But fate brought the thing I feared into your life and tmue, before I had had time to decide on what I ought to. do. Since your, engagement I have tried to lay my fears to rest, to hope that once you were married to a man who loves you so dearly all dread of mis for tune would be pver. But Lord Arlington's conversation of this evening has driven me out of my wits with fear for your future. Should he ever discover that you are the child of low, of wicked parents, he may turn, like his friend, and make you miserable for ever. You may do much to avoid this, and should claims be made upon you you must know how to meet them and ward off the danger. 1 his is why I have told you, even at the risk of over-clouding your young mind with anxiety and eare. Heaven knows what a terrible effort I have made for your sake ; but I know how your heart is bound up in this man, and I fear to see the marriage broken off.' Lalage, as pale as a ghost, rose from her knees, and walked up and down the room holding her hand to her head. 4 Let me think,' she said ; 4 let me think. I feel a little stunned, but I kno there is a way out of this.' 4 What way, Lalage ; what way ?' 4 Why, am tie, to tell him on the instant, of course. It was the secret that disgusted him — how can you have forgotten that? It was the disloyalty, the want of confidence, the cold, silent distrust. If I were a man I should feel it as he did.' 4 Lalage,' said her aunt, 4 you cannot dare to teS him. Lord Arlington loves you, but hfy$ a man of %he world, H«T proud of hifbirfch, proud of the unbroken nobility of hia iine. It is a part of your perfection in his eyes that you belong to a family whose antiquity and prestige cannot be questioned.. ' 4 Nay/ said Caiage wit|i a pale smile, 4 yep do not think be would cast me off? Tafre away his ldve from me because of a mis fortune for which I am not accountable V 4 1 do not know; but I fear. There is that in his face, in his oharacter, Loj his manner this evening /that makes me dread to let hi»n kuow what I have told you.' 4 But remember,' said Lalage, 'remember his delight because I accepted his love, be lieving him to be under a cloud. Ah, he wilL only be glad to have an opportunity of acting as I did. ' 4 My love, I wish I could think with yon.' "4 L? «.« 2 AM ..L A A J AA A AAM V MA A lr A 4 LIvfllviCuj Vr(iCl% Ui|iviWMWw tlvCil IV lliAlkv I am your own repl child. I have been so al liny life. Whp is going to rise up and claim me?' Mrs. L'Estrange shuddered. 4 Sit dovrn here, Lalage, for I must com plete what I have begun. I will tell you the stery of your parentage and birth.' They sat far into the night, while Lalage listened to a sad narrative which need not be narrated here. She wept bitterly and trembled whjle ber aunt reiterated that Lord Arlington must never hear the tale. 4 In all probability,' said Mrs. L'Estrange, 4 no one 'would ever discover the shadow ef her secret ; no one would ever ckiim her, aiid her husband would never suspect that there was anything ! to hide. There was only a chance ; and by vigilance and presence of mind Lriage mnet be prepared to deal \rifch an emergency, should it arise.' 4 And lire a lie !' said Lalage, lifting a wan face out of her aunt's jap in the dawn light that crept towards them through the win dow. 4 Do not use such dreadful words, darling,' said the afflicted old lady. 4 Live in peace, innocent as you are.' 4 1 could "no longer be innocent,' said Lalage, 4 were I to look in Lord Arlington's face, and keep the knowledge of this from him. Mrs. L'Estrange rocked herself in her ohair. 4 Oh, what have I done?' she moaned. 4 Oh, what have I done ?' 4 You hve done right, auntie ; but do not let ut now begin to do horribly wrong 4 You shall not teil htm,' said her aunt, holding her hands. 4 Auntie, d© you remember how you re proached me with concealment when I with held from you for a few hours, through mere shyness and diffidence, the fact of my having met with Lord '» rlington in the garden ? It you were shocked then, think, think what ho would afterwards feel ! I could not do it. Why should you wish me to do it? Auntie, is your nature so changed that tou have sud denly come to think so little of a falsehood? Oh, forgive me f she continued, as the poor old lady bent her head. 4 1 know you wdl think differently by-aud-by. Besides,' she added cheerfully, 4 1 know there is nothing to be so miserable about. I feel that I am loved, and that this wretched story - ill make no lasting difference. Cast me off? He could not cast me off. He loves me a great deal too dearly, he sprang to her feet and laughed 4 Yes,' she said ; 4 all this is nothing but a nightmare. I am bound to him in spite of it, for he loves me for myself.' With smiles and loving speeches she coaxed the weary old woman to rest, and tkeu went away to her own room, where she walked up and down in the sunrise, thinking the matter over, and trying to see in it duly an opportunity for proving the fealty of her lover. She thought over all the exalted sentiments she had heard him ex press ; the approbation he always bestowed on any noble conduct ; the thousand words and acts of tenderness he had lavished on herself ; the many times he bad told her she was the only woman iu the world he could make his wife. tVas it to be supposed that all could be forgotten because a misfortune had fallen upon her? Were such to be the case, he was no longer the person she had believed him to be. It was only the concealmtut that disgusted and offended him in the case of his frieud'a wife. He had been I'ght in saying that every circumstance relating to his future wife should he laid before a man previous to "his marriage with her. When hearing hiui speak so, she had little idea that there was any secret yet to be unfolded concerning her self. Bat, since this. sociot existed, she would certainly make it known to him with out delay. Lord Arlington had arranged to spend the day with the friend whose trouble had affected bim so much, and was not to return to Lalage's pesence until dinner-time ; and in .the meanfci me she Set herself to prepare to meet him with her unhappy tale, to get the b arthen off her mind before she allowed him to enter the castle again. tirs. L'Estrange « as too ill all that day to rise from her bed, and her husband sat by her -side trying to console her. I The child is right,' he said, 'and we must not iuterfere with her. But courage, ' my dear; no one could resist our Lalage.' Meantime the girl was dressing herself to go forth and encounter the dismay of her lover. She put ona plain white gown, hardly whiter than her race, and a thought went through her mind concerning this attire : 4 It is worn both for mourning and joy, and so it i will do for either fortune.' I She had never let her heart sink altogether, ; but it beat heavily as she went slowly along | the flowery paths ..and across the grasBy lawns, feeling that she was at least going to 1 bring cruel disappointment to one who had j been so good to her. She was before her time, and as she waited, wandering among the beds of roses, ! she plucked two, a red and a white, and said | to herself : I 4 1 will offer them to him for choice, before II speak. The red shall be for hope, the white for fear. If he takes the red I shall feel my heart begin to get warm. If the white ' She saw his figure advaucing out of the distance towards her. He quickened his steps to meet her, and wheu he came near enough she stretched out her hand offering him the roses. 'Only one/ she said, playfully. 4 TVhich n ill you have ?' 4 The one most like yourself,' he answered, smiling, and drawing the whiteoncfrom be tween her fingers. 4 Ah» it is too like at present,' he added busily as ho saw. a deadly pallor overspread her countenance. - She turned away fier head a moment, and tiieii recovering herself looked him wistfully in the fce. 4 Lord Arlington, I want to speak to you. I have something to tell you.' He smiled again, thinking it .so impossible (as she had done) that anything could be seriously wrong. 4 Have the diamonds been stolen?' he asked ; 4 or has anything happened to your favourite dress ?' 4 Do not jest/ she said, imploringly, and looked at him again with a long pleading look. 1 TaII mo af rmr»o wknf. 11s f.ViA m affiir 9 Raid Lord Arlington, taking both her little cold hands in his own. 4 My lord, I want to ask you a question. Did your friend — the friend you spoke of yesterday — love his wife before he married her ?' 4 Certainly he loved her. And so it is this unlucky story that is troubling your sensi tive mind, my sweetheart ?' 4 Had she told him her secret before they were married, what do you suppose he would have done V 4 1 do not know ; I cannot say,' he answered lightly. 4 Why plague your little head with such questions ?' 4 Lord Arlington, last evening I looked you in the face, and said happily and most truly, 44 1 have no secret." I could not say so this evening.' 4 Oh, Lalage ! you with a secret ! How cau you aak me to believe bucIi nonsense ?' 4 You must listen to me, you must under stand me, ' cried the girl, in a tone of anguish ; 4 1 am terribly, terribly in earnest.' Lord Arlington was startled into serious ness. 4 Speak, then,' lie said, gravely. Lalage wrung her hands together, and looked on the ground while she spoke. 4 1 have learned, only last nipht, that you have been deceived with regard to me. I am not the person you have supposed me to be. I am not Miss L'Estrange. I have no claim of relationship upon the dear ones whom I hsve known as my unc e and aunt. My parentage is obscure, and a shadow rests on my birth. I cannot tell you all the details. My aunt will relate them to you.' Lord Arlington passed his hand over his eyes as it to remove some film that clouded his vision, and then he looked again at the trembling figure before him. 4 Lalage,' he said in an altered voice, 4 1 am sure you are ili. Do not be obstinate, but come back to the castle, to your aunt.' 4 My aunt !' said Lalage. 4 Have I not told you ? Ah, it is she who is ill. Lord Arlington, I have come here to give you back your free dom — if you will.' 4 Good heavens ! do you kno .v what you are saying ?' 4 1 know it only too well. My fate, our fate, is in your hands.' Lalage, do you know what you appear to me now? A f lightened girl, raving in de lirium. Let me hear this incredible story authentically from other lips. Not till then can I treat it as worthy of consideration.' 4 Colonel L'Estrange will see you,' said Lalage. 4 Go to him.' 4 At once,' said Lord Arlington, and a bitter gleam came into his eyes, seemiug to belie his asseverations of unbelief. The young girl cast one timid glance at his face, but he was gazing over her head at something beyond her. Not one word or assurance, of comfort, of tenderness did he bestow on her before he turned away with darkened brow and whitened lip. And Lalage was left alone, pacing up and down the grass, waiting for she knew not what, praymg wildly for his re turn. 4 He will come back.' she said to herself, 4 to find me here, and tell me that it makes no difference. It is natural he should be shocked, feeling that he has been deceived ; but bow could be cast me off? Why, he loves me ! He has told me so again and again. I love him even more because I have been obliged to give bim this unkind stab of pain. He could not do without me — not if he tried. He will soon return, looking for me to tell me so. Oh, come back, come back, or ' The daylight had crept away, ami the moonlight suddenly awoke and silvered La!ag«'s white dress. Seeing it she started and felt ashamed of her patience and her lin gering, finding herself belated in fclie park, che fled among the trees like a white bird \- ith a woanded wing, and reaching the castle, hurried 10 ccoss the library on her way to her own chamber. With her band on a curtain she wasjstayed in the . act of lifting it. Troubled voices were raised in discussion it bin the library. I have owned the w rong we did, Lord Arlington,' the coloneTwas sat" 55 it sorrowfully, and re, enttdithiS2'/0 were placed in a difficult feared to destroy the h«ppu,«, 0, ' M<J .« She i. .0 unkeowo, throhrnCef0fL0,1'X coming to light so ,m,U thlt « have been safe m keying silBnce We have been wrong, but not we might have been ; and we ara 8 « punished inasmuch as the 8evrely fault must be heavily paid by her 0llr 4 And am I not punished for whit t l not deserved?' said Lord Arlington in of enger. t eame hmTin X trusted yon all and in return my wj® broken and mv life is snoiled She-— v. 8 young, beautiful, enchantinglshe Ji to forget me and be happy.' ieara I hope she will, Lord Arlington -Tt she will, "said the old colonel with d'Jn ,?? ing. ' We will speak of her no more o now, and do like « is© yourself you" man of the world, and with' so mueh'i?- denial you must be a philosooher rL , anger yourself longer.' ' f no 4Siri' cried Lord Arlington, «Von strangely heartless. I can never fmii,, .!! for what you have made me suffer ' tinfolV" thC Lalage looked into the library, and saw th old man sitting with bowed head, mournkw for her s rrovv. She crept to his side aS laid ins head on her breast. 'Do not grieve,' she whispered : ' go in hirprido. We will learn to bo wj without him. 4 1 pray Heaven we may/ said the old man; 4 1 pray Heaven we may, my eoor> brave little girl.' 8 Nevertheless, a faint hope still lingered unacknowledged in Lalage's mind, and for several dayB she wandered restlessly about from roem to room., and from g»rden to garden, expecting every moment to see her lover return. He did not come, and after a week had passed Lalage fell ill ; and whes she was sufficiently recovered to be able to move, the old lady and gentleman forgot their infirmities and their love of home, aid took her abroad with them to travel. Ont in the foreign world the girl cast off her sad looks, and threw herself with ardour into every intellectual enjoyment that was open to her. She was never tired of exploring the treasures of art, of feasting her eyes on the accumulations of beauty MHl All vltA AAMT««M AA IhA A t .1 " — wp iui VUH delight of her young eyes. An insatiable ; love for all that was old, curious, and beau tiful carried her all over Europe. fifo painted, modelled, studied, and seemed so happy that the old people congratulated each other, and said that the wound had' not gone deep. 'But she cannot always live like this/ they said. 4 She muBt see a little of t he gaieties of life.' So they took her to a fashionable resort, where she became the famous beauty of ths hour. Tte quiet life of artistic study Mid- effort was forgotten, and Lalage dressed, danced, and fluttered through her hours like the crowds of other belles ."he saw around her. She was surrounded with admirers, : and laughed as they came and went ; only when any man seemed to love her she im« mediately kept herself out of his way. A word or look of lore afflicted her, and she - kept all such troubles aloof. After some time, however, it happened that a lover who loved her truly found aa opportunity to force his suit upon her ; the semblance of forgetfulness «as torn away, the chord of pain was touched, and Lalage wept all that night, and said wearily aixt "' day : 4 Isn't there somewhere else, dear aunt, where we could go ? I should like to see the Holy Land.' Atd so thither they went, and Lalage Waa satisfied again in a fashion of her own. TVitJi- feverish eagerness she pursued her way frfift one storied spot to another of the wonderful little country of Palestine. AIr ee visited every corner of it, and fitted care fully into its Ecenery all the marvelloot events that happened there, she settled down into a quiet corner to think ber -own thoughts about it all ; and during this tun® she seemed to live in a sort of dream of peace ; only as the calm days paired ovef her head she grew visibly thinner and whiter At last one day she as suddenly with her own wan looks iu the glass, aD" cried out, askiug to be taken home. 4"l want to see the park.' she said, an. the old fountain. I want to hear the nlghuB, gales again. . , ; 3 They hurried borne with her, huniett rather too much, for they arrived a harsher season than was safe for a crea n so frail. The winds gave her a rough w come, and Lalage lay on her bed wai s for them to go by, and waiting for nightingales to sing. And the wmos _ by, and the nightingales sang, but was no Lalage to heed tht»m any ®aorel Nevertheless, the roses » loomed as riantlv, the fountain tinkled as pleas JF that summer, as if the girl's light steps been coming and going among them. It was in the flush 01 autumn, y» woods were looking their lovelies , Lord Arlington found his way , little quiet out-of the- way village 3- , gates of Castle Strange. l't wa® Y® a »,e years since he had been there befons, was not changed in outward appearance , he told hi,uB?lf, m he walked through «M mossy alleys, that the time had been with him all the days and | j-gbn secee, and that he had been a i.o<R ' awav from this enchanted spot so lon . . f 4 How will she greet me?' he as it self. 4 Will she be cold or tender, \ or kind ? Ah, I have learnt her prt/'aILj0 will humble myself to the very dus her back 1' .nei \n » Mrs. L'Estrange was seated alo corner of the great dra - ing- room. , w»8 on her knee, b«t her was buried in a cushion. tier j weighed heavily upon her of late, a tions had fallen from her hands, an - wont to doze away the still _0rIew.' ia'g to forget her grief, 4 sleeping t i.a,-py She bad been dreaming of Lalage days, and wheu Lord Arlington startled her, his presence seemed omy tinuation of her dream. . «nsitio» He was too gitsted by hi s o y to notice lier silence and her tronb — r— rr:s8Sive hand, bent and kissed bat-fi rcuncrite air, while he poured out his regrets, end h» hopes mto her , fitter mistake,' he said, and ' 1 iffprcd for it ; and now I have come Vromyself on her mercy, to crave her to throw " .j| jy ii8ten to me, I will dntJikeup for my fault by the love ''CiSofmyholelifetime.' Yoo hsveoome buck to merry Mage ? "si the old lady oreamily. "'.Giveme 8omUope/sa.-lLord Arlrng- I cannot live without her. '"'That was what she thought' said Mrs. r if:tr.0Be, ' that she could not live with- Mt yo She did not say so, but ve saw it (rhfchHeaven!' said the lover ; 'then I Tfr ,dearlady- when i L.ea can I find Lalage 8 The poor old lady looked at him vaguely Thii last blow seemed to overturn her mind Ullage V she said. ' W here is Lalagp ? oka is down by the old fountain, where she always loved to be. Lalage is down by the 0 A thousand thanks !' cried Lord Arling- ,nn iov fully, and taking a hasty farewell he harried out of the castle, and made for the old favourite haunt with a throbbing heart « Where we first met, he said to himself w he went along, 'there shall we meet 8Fto was infinitely relieved at having been received so gently by Mrs. L'Estrange. No coldness, no reproach. The way had indeed been made easy for him. ' He arrived at the well- remembered spot, If ted the boughs of the trees, and saw no one ; stepped out on the grass, and saw the place quite deserted. « Malaga f he called softly, but nothing itktid. The water in the fountain mur- fnnred,' the breeze moved the trees, but no other sound broke the tranquil stillness The deep colouriug of the wild garden, the sunny silence, the seet half- melan choly that reigned around and had used to charm her, won upon him, and seem ing almost part of herself, made him long more impatiently to behold her appear. Tired of waiting he again parted the droop ing boughs, when his foot struck against something in his way. There, sheltered by the trees and covered with moss and flowers, was a narrow mound, .tnvji fhp mniind was a crtss. and udoii the eross was one word : ' Lalage.' — All the tar Round. 