Drift. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) BY CARL FEILBERG. THE night was beginning to fade, and the trunks of the great trees were growing more distinct. The curlews which had been flitting round, uttering their melancholy cry, now gave • sharper wail, as if they bad been ghosts and knew that their time was near. A light breeie had sprang up, cold, keen, and pare, sweeping away all the heavy vapours of the night, rustling the wet leaves of the boihei, and shaking free the aromatic scent that clung to them. The night faded quickly. Little birds woke with a shivering twitter among the leaves in the high tree tops. The cockatoos in the tall gam trees down by the waterhole began to make sleepy and discordant noises. A crow flew swiftly and strongly past, uttering a harried caw, as if he had forgotten something overnight and was hastening to make up for his forgetful ness before anyone was about. The endless rista of tree trunks became clear and distinct, every outline grew sharp and defined, and the fitful breese played upon the limbs of the gray old forest giants, and wrung from them strange moaning sounds. If seemed as if they were loth to awake, and bewailed the poaee and the stillness of night. The eastern sky was suffu.'ed with faint color, one delicate hue succeeding the other. The cockatoos were all awake now, swinging from the boughs, flying round the trees, and chatter* ing in insane delight. Somej aokasset near them cackled in triumphant peals. Birds flew hither and thither chirping and twittering, and when suddenly the sun uprose behind the dsrk crest of a distant timbered ridge, and shot a level beam of light through the thousands of tree stems, all Nature burst into a many-tongned song of joy, beoause of the warmth and the light of the new-bom day. But the glad sunbeams fell unheeded on the Carriers' Arms, though they shot under the verandah and glittered on a window pane, and lit up the tin that covered the joints in its shiagled roof. It seemed as if all the gay revel that hailed the newly risen sun avoided the patch of clearing in which the inn stood. Nature was innocent and rejoiced, but that little spot had been oursed and branded by mnn. So it lay in the desolation of ragged stumps, and of earth stamped bare of vegetation by the feet of men and horses, and littered with frowzy remnants of torn olothing, broken bottles, and empty tins, in the clear unblushing light of early morning. It was probably as ugly a sight as the newly risen sun looked upon, this wayside inn { its bare, dishevelled, defiant coarseness, set down in the midst of the beauti ful rejoioimg wilderness, like some belated strum pet caught blinking in the unaccustomed son* shine, with the street full of people who shrank from her. Of course the Carriers' Arms was a duly licensed and reapeotable house, favorably known to the polioe. And it did a good business. It was doing one at the moment. A heap of saddlery piled on the verandah told of guests at the place. One of them lay outside, his dirty bearded face resting on his outstretched arm, his hand still grasping a bottle, his limbs resting as his whole body had fallen in the crisis of the drunken debauch. The sweet pure morning air rolled over the greasy battered hat that had partly oovered his flushed face, and passed through the open door of the room beyond him. It battled with the sickening fumes of stale tobacco smoke and liquor which hung round about it, and rose from the slopped and dirty floor, and were exhaled from the lips of half-a dozen other men who snored or groaned in their drunken slumber as they lay stretched all over the room. Pah I—the sun may shine without blushing on the scene, and the cold purity of the morning breeze may not be sullied by it, but it is better outside. For the dewdrops are glittering in the light as the little boughs of the trees and the fragrant bushes toss in the breeze. The birds are in full song, and the whole forest is filled with Nature's concert. The cows come slowly snatching at the tufts of sweet fresh grass sprinkled with morning moisture, answering with slow soothing bellows the vociferous bleatings of their calves, imprisoned in the stockyard. The distant bells of the hobbled horses tinkle continuously as the fettered animals move quickly along cropping the herbage. All animated creation has awak ened to gladsome morning life but the Carriers' Arms, whioh still stands silent, sullen, and with* out voice. Yes—but even it is awakening. A thin blue wreath of smoke rises from the olumiy slab-built chimney, staining the purity of the morning air* And from out of the shadow of the house there steps a young girl, little more than a child. A girl that looks as if she oould not come from such a place. Ragged and mean in her dresss certainly, but with suoh purity of outline in her face and expression in her eyes as one sees some* times in a delicate bush blossom just when it has first opened, and before the wind has levelled it with the dirt or frayed its edges In boisterous sport. She came out into the sunshine, shading her eyes with upraised hands, looking for some thing. And then the magpies began their melo dious babbling in the dump of tea-tree down by the waterhole, and the girl stood entranced, listening with half-opened lips. A door opened behind her, and a bold red* faced woman looked out. • Nelly, you idle hussy, what are you doing there P Are the cows in P' ' No, mother.' ' What on earth have jou been doing, and the sun an hour high P' The girl stood silent and hung her head. 'Speak—or 111 make you.* ' I have been listening to the birds sing.' The woman stood still for a moment, thin, laughing an angry discordant laugh, struck the child. 1 There, take that! It'll make you hear another kind of singing. And now go and look sharp, or I'll have to hasten you again.' So Nelly went into the bush, and she did not hear the musio of the morning any more, nor did she see the glitter of the dewdrops, for her ears rang and her eyes were blinded by her mother's morning greeting. CHirm 11. ' What name, Miiaee Nelly V Kelly wm ntting on • fclWn log ia th» fomt, well away from the home, lobbing as if her heirt would break. An old black gin stood by her, leaning on her long yamitick; a dirty old aarage, clad in a greasy blackened man's shirt and a frowzy ragged blanket. But she looked down on the white child pityingly. 'What name P Mamee ooola (angry) plenty too much beat kirn.' Kelly sobbed on. ' What for mamee too muoh altogether coola, altogether beat him P 1 Jenny, the blaok gin, addressed her questions to the surrounding gam trees. Bho was sorry for Kelly, and angry with her mother. ' Missee Kellie, hist,' she said, as an idea lit up her flattened features. * What for not get waddy, big fellow waddy, beat him mamoe P' 'Oh no, Jenny,' sobbed the poor child. The old gin looked vaguely around, and muttered in her own language. • Jenny,' said poor Kellie, looking up, ' sup* pose me go along with you ?' •Which weyP' • Away—good way—altogether stop.' 'Baal (no),' laid the gin decidedly; 'do good. Mamee tell him police—that one ooola —plenty shoot blackfellow.' 11 am so miserable,' sobbed poor Kellie. The gin looked wound again, apparently seek ing inspiration from her native forest. Then ■he brightened with another idea. Bhe came closer to Kelly, and, stretching out a scarred and skinny arm, clutched the child's shoulder. •You get him gun—you know—shoot mamee.' ' Ob, Jenny, you wioked thing,' oried Kelly, 1 how could you say suoh a thing P' The gin drew back, still muttering. This time there was a deoided mixture of scorn in the look she threw upon Belly. She waa sorry for the child, and angry with her mother, and ■he bad suggested a feasible method of revenge —a method which, as far as her experience went, the dominant white race might adopt with impunity. And thisohild belonging to the mysterious people, that seemed to be so wise and yet were really so very foolish, declined to adopt her sensible suggestion. The gin was disgusted, and she shambled away, a noiseless squalid figure to whioh even the sunlight and the shadow failed to impart a touoh of picturesque beauty. Kelly sat for a little while. Then a flyoatoher hopped on a twig near her, and from there to the ground, making little flights into the air, twitching his long tail and glancing at her side* ways. She caught a gleam of his merry blaok eye, and a responsive smile broke over her countenance. She rose to her feet, and listened intently. Presently she started off in a particular direotion, as if her quick ear had caught some guiding sound. She ran lightly, and before she had gone far even skipped and stooped to piok a wild flower. For she was very young, and the soft sweet breeie dried her cheeks, and the glad sunshine lit up her eyes. A few sheep grated on a little open flat by the waterhole, and near them, on the side of the ridge, a man sat in the round patch of shadow thrown by the crown of a low stunted zamia palm. He waa an old man, with grog- stained face, but a pair of kindly innooent eyes shone through clumsy thick*framed speotaoles on a tattered book he was reading. He looked up as Kelly approached, flung herself on the ground beside him, and, burying her face on his knee, poured forth her grief. • Oh, Jack, I'm so very very miserable.' ' 1 know, dearie—poor dearie,' and he beamed mournfully down on the tumbled masses of long blaok hair that might have been beautiful if it had not been so tangled. ' I must run away. I can't—l won't atop here any longer.' Jack went on smoothing her hair, looking more and more mournful. ' Do you know I wanted to go away with the blacks—l asked old Jenny this morning.' ' Ob, no, Miss Kelly, that would never do.' ' I don't think it would, after all, 1 said Kelly, looking up. • They aren't a bit like the Indians I read about in the books you lent me. There's King BiUy now—he isn't like a ohief, is he P And he doesn't call me "flower of the palefaces," or anything pretty. All he says is " Missee Kelly—you give it little bit baccy—me poor fellow." I don't think it would do.' Jack had nothing to say, so he sat still. 'But I can't stop here,' continued Kelly,knit ting her little brows determinedly. ' I'm going to run away, somehow.' ' Oh! Miss Kelly, it won't do. A likely young girl like you can't go running about the country by herself.' Kelly sat pondering the difficulty. Then, throwing her arms over tbe old man's shoulder, ■aid coaxingly, ' Come with me, Jack. You and I will go together, and find out some plaoe where we will be happier than here. I'm rare father swears at you, and mother treats you like a dog aometimei.' •That's true, Miss Nelly ; but—' I But what P ' abe aaid impetuously. < Why should we both stop to be miserable P' * Well, thero'a a trifle of money owing to your father,' aaid the old man hesitatingly. ' Why is that, Jack P Why are you bo afraid of father?' ' It's the grog,' aaid the old man simply. I 1 wonder how you can like the nasty stuff 10\. Mother once put some to my lips, and it nearly made me aiok.' 1 Don't you, Miss Kelly,' said the old man earnestly; ' don't you, not if you are to be beaten for not taating it. It's not the grog itself—at least not that at first—whioh geta hold of a man. It'a being with the aheep all day and all night, week in and week out, fair weather and foul, and nevor seeing a faoe except perhaps tho boaa or the overseer; and then perhaps it's "Jack, them aheep'a looking bad; I believe you keep them in the yard in the morning >" or "Look here, I want men onthiaplace, and none of your d——d crawlers aa aint worth their rationa. So you'd better not loae any more aheep or there'll be a precious little cheque coming to you when your time is up." That's it all the year, and when your time ia up and your money is in your pocket you come to the pub. And thero'a the landlord, " How are you, mate j step inside and have a nip. Here, Polly, put this gentleman's swag in hia bedroom, and make up the bed." All juat the aame aa if you waa a gentleman, and being a gentleman you aota aa one, and you ain't near with your money. So it'a aoon over, more'a the pity, and you go back to your sheep. But you dream of it all the dark lonely night, and out in the daytime, when the cold winter rains are driving over tho open downs, and you are shivering and wet to the marrow. And ao it goea on till it gets hold of you—the grog doei—and then you get to be like I am.' The old man oeased and looked aadly on the ground. The girl beside him half-crouched and half-kneeled, alao silent. Then, with a sudden movement, ahe again flung her arms round him. 'Howl know you will come with me. We will both run away—you from the grog and I from thia misery.' So the two children sat and talked { she eager and impetuous, bearing down his doubts aud fears and hesitation, till at last it oame to be a question of arranging a plan for their flight. For they were both ohildrent he old and beamouohed with all that he had gone through, yet retaining throughout a childish simplicity.) and she—well it was strange that ahe should have crown up so far pure and innocent. But, then, it sometimes happens that by a reeking manure heap, amidst ell the monstrous growths that ■pring from the foetid abominations at itt feet, you may chaaoe to find a simple flower, pure in tint, perfect in shape, and giving forth a de licious fragranoe. Ohaptib 111. It wm at night when they get oat. They had little diffioulty in eluding observation, for the Carriers' Arms was in the full tido of festivity and the choruses of drunken rerellers rang far out into the dark bush and drowned all minor noises. So Jack and Nelly need not hare hurried at such a breathless rate as they did along the track, until they stopped panting at the waterhole a mile from the inn, where the road crossed a bend of the creek. They stopped to consider the situation. First they had themselves—an old man very muoh flustered and frightened, and an eager young girl, nenrous and excited, but too full of the romance of the adventure to be very much afraid. Their possessions oonsisted of two blankets done up swag fashion, and carried hy Jack, who also bore a well-blackened billy wbioh had served to boil innumerable quarts of tea, and a scanty storeof provisions, filched, it must be con fessed, by Kelly from her mother's storeroom. The girl carried a bundle with some spare raiment. Jack had an odd shirt stowed away in the recesses of his swag j and they hadn't a sixpence in coined money between them. Not that it' mattered—to Nelly at least—for were they not going out into a beautiful world where there is always a handsome Prince ready to rush to the assistance of beanty in distress P They walked on in silence. The track looked white, the foreit around them dark and mysterious, overhead the stars twinkled. It was not cold ; there was a pleasant balmy freshness in the light night breese. They walked on without speaking. What Jack thought about it would be hard to say. Nellj's little brain was full of the most delightful castles in the air. If the prinoe of the story book had stepped out from behind any one of the great gum trees that loomed up before them in rapid succession she would have welcomed him without the least surprise. But there was no prinoe. Only an astonished dingo loped a few yards in front of them, and tbcu, disappearing in the darkness, howled dismally. They walked on for hours, and then Jaok sug gested that they should turn off the track and ■eek a oump at some distance from it. They were neither of them in muoh danger of being lost or of failing to find tho traok again if necessary. So thoy plunged into tho bush, and picking their way through tho long grass tufts and umong fallon logs came to a little creek whero a tiny pool left from the late rains re fleoted a star or two. They lit a fire and sat by it watuhiug the billy. Nelly was full of ouger talk j Jaok, monosyllabic They ate their simple supper and, dividing the blanket*, eaoh lay down to sleep contentedly on the uneren ground. Nelly watched tho stars and began building a splendid oastlo in the air by the help of them, but fell asleep before she had raised it well above its foundations. Jack did no castlc building, nor, for the matter of that, did he sleep. The sun was shining brightly when Nelly awoke, and found Jack brooding moodily over a littlo flre on wbioh he had put the billy. The girl sprang to her feet and shook back her long black hair all wet with dew. Seeing the trouble io Jack'H face she put her arms round his neok and kissed bin. • Why, what is the matter, you dear old Jack P* ' I'm thinking we're two old fools; at least I am.' • What for P' ' Sunning away. We are sure to be caught and get into trouble.' 4 Don't you be afraid j I'm not. They won't think of missing us for a good bit yet", and then they won't know where to find us. All the blaoks are away, and they have no tracker. 1 •But what shall we doP' 'DoP' said tho girl, with wide opened eyes, 1 why go into the world, and live such happy lives!' •Seems to me wo aro in the world now, and I don't see what is to become of us.' • Oh, that's all right. Don't you know that there is always something sure to happen when we get into great difficulty. It always is so in the stories, and surely the gentlemen that write them know.' • I'm not so sure of that. There's a lot of queer things in stories that I never saw happen.' 1 Don't be grumpy, Jack j it's all right.' And so, with another kiss, she went down to tho oreek to make her simple toilet with the help of the contents of her bundle. After their breakfast they held a council Jack being infected again by the buoyant cheer' fulness of the girl. They determined on making a certain course whioh would bring them to a oreek, and ultimately to a road—a bush traok similar to the one they had left, but not passing the inn. It was more diffioult walking, and Jaok complained that he had got out of the habit of making journeys on foot, but Nelly* blytho as a young bird, would not let his spirits flag. By nightfall they had accomplished part of their programme, and reached the creek whioh he calculated on finding. But in the morning they found that their stook of provi sions had wofully dwindled, only enough being left to furnish them with another meal. Jack was again inclined to be despondent, but Nelly would not let him despair. So they walked stoutly on, but by nightfall tboy hud not rcuohed the road. In the morning they managed to make some tea, but there was nothing to eat. Nelly eyed the surrounding forest hungrily, but it gave no hope of replenishing their empty larder. So they trudged on bravely, but with empty Btomacbs. • I think I could eat one of those big fat grubs old Jenny the black gin gets out of the trees if I could find one,' said poor Nelly, but she' could not spy the sign of any. It was, how ever, early in the duy when Nelly's quiok eye distinguished the track ahead of them. • Tho road, Jaok, dear—the road; it will lead to something to eat.' Jack shook his head. All roads did not yield a dinner, as ho bad found to hi« cost. But he suid nothing, and stepped out manfully. Nelly's flow of talk ceased] and her imagination, di verted from thought of cavaliers, busied itself with picturing the delights of eating. She was almost gloomy, but, brave little soul, would not say a word. They rested during the mid-day heat. Jack smoked, and Nelly, after wistfully eying Us black pipe, thought she would try if it could comfort her. A wbiif on her empty stomach sickened her, and left her even weaker than before. They trudged on. Poor Nelly was sadly cast down. She could have found it in her heart almost to wish herself back in the familiar big chimnoy, watching the chops spluttering in the grease that filled tho great frying pan. Only onco, however, did she let v word of despon dency eacapo her, as the sun set, and tho forest trees grew dim in tho gathering gloom. ♦ Shall we sUrve in the bu*h, Jack, dear?' * • No, I tbink not,' said Jaok doubtfully } * we will push on a bit longer, and see if we don't find n oamp, or a house, or something.' Sure enough far away among the trees they saw something twinkle which might hare been a star. They went on, and then it became cer tain it was not a star. A few yards more and it flickered up an evident fire. They quickened their pace, and presently they emerged front the forest shadow into the fire-light, beyond whioh two or three loaded wool drays towered, looking almost spectral against tbe dark baok* ground. A dog barked furiously, and Jaok, stepping forward towards a group of men who sat by the flre staring silently at the pair, said humbly: 1 Can you give us something to eat, mate P' Chaptbb IV. 'You are welcome,' said one who acted as spokesman, produoing a tin-dish full of boiled meat, and a huge damper. Nelly sat sbyly by the side of Jaok and ate ravenously. • Come far P' questioned one of the silent and staring group of men. •A good bit,' Jaok answered laoonically, Nothing more was said till their appetites were satiated. Then one of the group, a young man* said— •The young lady can sleep in my cot under the dray if she likes. I like just as well to be by the fire.' The offer was thankfully accepted, and Nelly retired to her bedroom, closed in by the folds of tarpaulin whioh covered the loading. Jaok re* mained by the fire and smoked. His hosts at* tempted some conversation/ but Jaok was taoiturn, and did not gratify their evident curiosity respecting tbis strange pair of travellers. ( Bushmen hold it part of their un written creed to ask no questions of chance guests who are evidently unwilling te speak of themselves. In the morning Nelly woke wonderfully refreshed. The young carrier whose bed she bad occupied brought up a pail of water and offered it to Jaok, who carried it to her for the performance of her toilet. When she emerged. blushing and shy, she looked marvellously pretty and neat. At breakfast she was tbe object of various small attentions, some myste rious dainty, compounded of flour, sugar, and fat having been specially prepared for her. • You had better travel with us if you are going the same road,' said the spokesman of tbe party. «We shall make the township to-night, and your -' •Daughter,' interpolated Jaok. • Daughter oan ride on my dray.' The offer was thankfully aooepted, and the men were soon busy in the task of yoking up their lowio g teams. The young oarrier made up quite a comfortable nest for Nelly, who rode in state, Jack trudging oontentedly by the side of the dray. During the mid-day spell, Nelly had oocasion to thank her admirer, who contrived a comfortable seat in tbe shade for her. But from neither Jaok nor herself oould their enter tainers learn much. That evening tSae teamsters drove on till after nightfall j the twinkling of many lights ahead of them told of the proximity of the township. Then they camped, and Nelly, as before, was offered the cot under tbe dray, and the dog whioh had barked at them was chained up along* side as sentry. • Coming into the township, mate P' asked one of the meu of Jaok. On receiving an answer in the negative he asked him to keep camp till their return. As they went on in a group they were evidently in earnest conversation. Jack caught the sentence floating baok to him through the darkness. •It seems suoh a shame.' It was the voice of the young oarrier. The words seemed ominous to the old man, but he bad ceased to feel any responsibility in his own proceedings. He and Nelly had entered into a roving partner* ship, and she had dearly assumed tbe lead. In the morning at breakfast their entertainers looked confused and uncomfortable, and they all left directly after the meal on the pretext of looking after their bullocks. Jaok and Nelly, left alone, stared over in the direction where, across the plain, one or two ugly humpies formed the outposts of the township. Presently there came towards them, over tbe dusty road, an imposing figure clad in uniform, a policeman with resplendent stripes on his arm. 1 Good morniu' to you,' he said j • yell bare to come with me before tho binch.' •What have we done?' asked Jack in alarm, while Nelly clung piteously to him. ' Come along wid ye now, and don't be making any resistance, or it will be the worse for ye.' Jack rose meekly, and with Nelly walked be side the stern guardian of tbe law, who asked him questions about himself and his companion, which were not answered with absolute truth* fulnetß. Nelly kept her eyes on tho ground so as not to see thu staring nitu who leaned against the verandah posts of the houses, and shrank behind Jaok when they were led into a building with more pretence than iU neigh* bora, and whioh seemed well filled with people. They were led into a large room, of whioh the centra was occupied by a table, at the end of whioh an elderly gentleman aat with a big book and a lot of papers before him. The side of the room at whioh the; entered was filled with lounging men, who wero unceremoniously hustled aside by their captor, and Jaok and Nelly were led to the side of the table, with thoir backs to the crowd. Across the table there sat on a long bench parallel to it two men with ooats on. One Nelly noticed was a very short man with an enormous red beard, the other a young one, who was a rentable dandy, with carefully brushed hair, shaven ohm, and a solf- iatiified little smile on his rather vacant but good-humored faoe. 'Who are theseP' asked the short man, sharply. •If it plaiie your wurships, this man and this girl were found without visible means of subsistence.' A Toioe in the crowd, whioh seemed familiar to Nelly, muttered a suppressed * It's a d d shame.' 'Silenoe in the ooort,' thundered the ser geant. ' Well but, sergeant,' queried the short man, ' what have you got to do P What's it all about ?' 'Vagrancy, your wurships.' 1 Brown,' said the magistrate to the elderly gentleman—who was, as Nelly notiocd, drawing a diagram carefully on his blotting paper— 'what Act is UP' •Eh—your worshipsP Yes—the Aot. I don't know. I'll look it up.' And he got up slowly and went into an adjoining room. ' Your warships can commit for three months,' •aid the sergeant. • Yet, but I think the prisoners ought to be asked something,' said the young magistrate, who had been eyeing Nelly. • What are you doing wandering about the country, old man P* Jaok, who had been in a kind of stupor, didn't answer. 'Don't you hear hie wurship spake to you P •aid the sergeant sternly. ' I have done nothing, your worships, nothing,' said Jack, hurriedly. Nelly turned very red, and then in a low voice, but very bravely, said : 'Ifyou please, sir, I brought Jack away. He didn't want to come and I made him.' ' I think you had better commit them, your wurship,' commented the sergeant. • Hang it, man, you can't chain the girl to the log!' snapped the eldor magistrate. Then both consulted in a low voice. ♦Prisoners discharged,' said the magistrate in a load voice. ' Any more, sergeant P No. Come on, Norrii j it's infernally hot here; I'm going over to MulroonyV There was a general shuffling of feet, and Jaok and Nelly found themselves in the open glaring roadway, with its scattered lining of roogh cottages. She pluoked Jaok by the sleeve and led him up the road. A step sounded swiftly behind them. It was the young carrier, with a redder flush than the sun oould account for in his faoe. ' Beg pardon. Look here jit was not me that laid on the trap j no, by , and I'll take it out of Bill for doing it thit very day. You go on to the creek out yonder, see, over the plain, and I'll bring on your swags. And look here, mate,' he continued, possessing himtelf of Jack's listless hand, 'here's something that I was just going to drink. It's better out of my pocket, and it's " visible means of subsistence i" the traps can't touch you when you've got that.' And he hurried off. Jack looked down—there was a little roll of notes in his hand. They were just abreast, of a public-house, and he glanced at it. Almost in* voluntarily he made a step in that direction, but Nelly pluoked him by the sleeve. With a deep sigh he put the notes into his pouoh and went on. In a few yards they were met by the old gentleman who had been sitting at the table in the courf-houie. He put up an eye-glass and looked at them. ' Come up to my house, will you P My wife wants to speak with you.* They followed him to a weatherboard cottage, with some appearance of neatness about it, and a little garden in whioh one or two wilted plants braved the fierce dry heat of the sun. On the invitation of their host they sat down on seats in the verandah. After waiting a little time, a tall stern-looking lady came out to them. • Young girl,' she said,' come here. I want to speak to you.'" Nelly followed her into the room. •That old man—Jack, you call him—is not your father,' she said abruptly. •No, ma'am,' answered Nelly, feeling very frightened. • So old and so depraved 1' the lady ejaculated, turning up her eyes so an to show the whites— which seemed to Nelly such an extraordiuary proceeding that curiosity began to overpower fear in her mind. 'And what induced you, child, to go with, him and leave your home P* Nelly wondered whether this lady knew all about her. ' To see the world,' she answered. The lady looked at hor in silent horror. ' Listen to me, girl. I'm willing to resous you.' This Nelly thought she understood, and, clasp ing her hands, she exclaimed gratefully : * Oh, thank you, thank you, ma'am.' The lady ap* peared mollified. ' But,' she continued, with a bony forefinge r upraised,' it is on one oondition: that you never see that wicked old wretoh again, that you be very obedient and behate yourself modestly trying to repent of your past misconduct, and that you—' Here, Nelly, who had been listening with wide open eyes, suddenly comprehended that the phrase ' wioked wretch' applied to Jack. ' You are a wioked nasty woman,' she said in a fury, ' to call my dear old Jaok any such name. And I don't oare whether you resoue me or not.' The lady glared sternly at the flushed and angry girl. ' Alfred,' she exclaimed to the old gentleman, who appeared at the moment on the rerandab, ' turn this—this oreature out of the house im mediately.' ' Very well, my dear,' he said submissively, and Nelly and Jack followed him. 'This way,' he said, with a nervous glance round. He led them round by the back of an outbuilding, and then, slipping some money into Nelly's hand, said hurriedly— 1 Good-bye, ohild. Get away from this as fast as you oan and go home. It may be bad there, but its better than " the world" you want to see.' He vanished before the had time to thank him. Nelly, still flushed with her recent en counter, took Jack's hand, and led him in the direction the young oarrier had pointed out. ' It's not such a bad world after all, Jaok dear,' she said cheerfully ; ' we're getting rich already. I have two sovereigns here, and you have some money. Why, we oan buy a horse to carry our things.' Jaok answered never a word, but trudged on bravely beside his gay companion. 'But I wish the Prince would come soon,' she said presently. 'I'm getting a little frightened.' Ohaptbb V. * They reached the creek. It was a mere gutter between two rolling stretohei of open glaring downi, but there were a few trees, and near their grateful shade a pool of water. Jack threw himself thirstily down and drank. Nelly sat in the shade, with a happy smile on her faoo, thinking. The beat of horses' hoofs sonnded in the dis tance, and presently the young carrier galloped up. He presented a rather startling appearance) his shirt was torn and plentifully besprinkled with stains of blood, and there were bruises on his face. Nelly had seen men after a fight, and was not therefore muoh astonished when the young man dismounting remarked: ' Tie taken it out of Bill j he won't do such a mean thing again in a hurry; and I have brought your swags. He unfastened the saddle straps and took the bundles off the saddle * they looked bulkier than before. Seeing Nelly eyeing thorn he explained, • I'tc put some rations in." Nelly made him a little speech to say how much obliged she was. The young man looked astonished, for the phrases had been reproduced by Nelly's accurate memory from v story book in which she fancied a similar situation had occurred. * I think I'll sit down and bare a smoke,' be remarked after a pause. Jack looked on stolidly but without speaking. The carrier rolled his tobacco very carefully, and filled his pipe, but he seemed in no hurry to apply a match. The three sat in an em barrassing silence, and the young man was evi dently nerving himself for an effort. At last he made it. Biting from his seat, he approached Nelly. ' Look here, miss; to cut a long story short,' —Nelly looked surprised, as he had been telling her none—' I want you to marry me. Don't speak—stop ! I'm all right— square—though I say it as shouldn't. I don't drink—muoh any how. The team is my own, and so is the dray, and I've a bit of money to the back of it. And if you like travelling you can come with me anywhere you iiko, you and the old man too. Say yes, Miss. I inea jit by ' He paused. Jack, who had brightened up wonderfully, interpolated : 1 Take tho chance, Miss Nelly; he's a good young man.' 'Hear what your father says, miss,' said her wooer delighted. 'Better do it. There's a registrar here, and it ii us good as any |»ritat.' •But,' said pour Nelly, whoao fuco Lad whitened wheu Jack DpoLo, *yuu urou't my Frincv.' ' Don't know who you mean, miss j but I'm a true man, and I'll be true to you.' • Oh, dear,' sobbed Nelly, ' what shall I do P and Jaok to want mo to do it too. But I can't. You aro a kind good man, and I like you, but I can't marry you, for you aren't my Prinoe, and I mutt find him.' The carrier stood doubtfully. 1 la that your answer P' ' Indeed it is,* said poor Nelly, lifting op her toar-stainod faoe. ' May I—may I kiss you ?' he asked. 'Yes, do, and let us be friends. But I oan't marry you,' and she held up her mouth. He kissed her with a curious timidity and rever* enoe. Then he remounted his horse, and with* out another word struck spurs into him and vanished. I Oh, Jaok, how oould you P' she asked re proaohfully, turning to him. He sat with his head on his arms, dejeoted and silent. I 1 doubt we are a pair of fools, Miss Nelly,' he said sadly. 1 Oh, no, we are getting on well,' she replied cheerfully; ' we shall meet the Prince soon.' Jaok shouldered the swag and trudged on doggedly. Tho track led them off the downs again into a strip of timbered forest, and there thoy camped. ' I feel like knocking up, Miss Nelly,' Jaok complained; ' I'm nearly done.' Nelly lit the fire and boiled the tea in the battered billy, while the old man lay down shaded from the rays of the setting sun. She spoke encouraging words, but not in the buoyant spirit that animated her when they first eot out on their wanderings. Brave as she was, ebo nevertheless rolied on Jaok, and the support was failing her. As she herself had said, she was becoming frightened. That night they talked long and earnestly, and JNelly agreed that they were to try to reaob some place where she might be engaged as a servant, and Jack obtain at least food and shelter in return for his services. The poor child lay down to sleep with v sad heart. The stars overhead twinkled, not brightly and oheeriully as when they first set out, but in derision. In tbe morning it was Jaok who stepped out vigorously and with decision} he, not Nelly, was now the leader. For they were going to look for work, which was to the old man an intelligible thing, aud they were no longer roam* ing in searoh of an impossible ideal. It was tho girl who lagged and felt that the objeot of their pilgrimage, vivid and taugible enough to herself, was being negleoted. She hung her head in depression and shame. •Cheer up, Miss Nelly,' the old man said soothingly j ' there's plenty more good young men, and you won't be so short with the next one.' She answered only with a gesture of despair. Her friend and confidant did not understand her. They walked on. Jaok, who was a few paces in advance, uttered a oheerful thout. A hobbled horse was grating by the aide of the track, indicating their proximity to some human beings. A few yards furtbor on they saw trees that had been barked—dead and while witnesses to the presence of man—and then a low bark roof was visible through the trees. The building was an inn, and a orouking sign swung before the doorway. ' We will go in here, Miss Nelly,' said Jack with decision. ' I have money, and we can find out where there is a chance of work. 1 ' Oh, Jaok, must we go ?' pleaded poor Nelly. Are you sure you will keep straight P' For only answer Jaok walked up briskly to tbe door, and deposited his burden with a sigh of relief on the verandah. ' I'm going to have one nip, Miss Nelly, only one/ he said, as a man in shirt aud trousers, yawning drearily, came out and greeted them. 'We want to oamp here—this young girl and me. You can find room for us P* 'Surely, surely,' said the landlord with a ■low impertinent look at Nelly. Then the two men went inside, leaving Nelly on the verandah leaning against the verandah- post, and gazing drearily out into the expanse of stunted box trees. She looked inexpressibly weary and depressed—poor Nelly! In a short time Jack came out flushed and spoaking rapidly. 'It's all right, Miss Nelly. This gentleman says ho will give you and mo both work about the place, and it's better than wandering about the bush, which ain't right for a young girl like you.' Nelly did not answer; she only seemed more weary and sad. ' We'll find room for you, miss, never fear,' added the landlord coming out; 'we shan't quarrel about wages, you and I, and there's no missus to nag at you and worry you.' ' That's a comfort, ain't it, Nelly ?' said Jack, laughing stupidly. Nelly hud nothing tv say, but accepted silently the iuviution to tako pueacasion of a room fcliwttcd :o iicr. Whoa ulono, the pour girl sat on the aide of the narrow bard bed, and gazed before her, dry-eyed and stonily. She could not even cry. Then she arranged her disordered dress, and came out. The landlord stood by the bar-door and greeted her appearanoe with another prolonged and smiling stare. 1 Glad to see you looking so fresh and pretty, —Miis Nelly, ain't it P Ah ! you and me, we'll be good friends, we will. Always got on well with women, and you will think a lot of me when you know me better. I think it's dinner time now; we had better go in.' Nelly followed him into a long bare room whore a beetle-browed man was setting out a meal on the table. ' Where's Jaok P' she asked as she entered. ' Oh, he's all right—just lying down for a bit.' ' I want to see him,' oried Nelly, her eyts dilating. The men hesitated a moment, then the ono who was apparently the serrant led her to tho bar-room, where Jaok, stretched on a bench, was snoring heavily. 'Oh Jaok! oh Jaok! how oould you P' wailed the girl, kneeling beside hiir, and taking his nerveless hand. The two men looked at her in doubt. * Oome, come,' said the landlord,' it's nothing to make suoh a fuss about. He's just had a drop of grog, and he'll wake up by tea-time.' 'But you won't let him hare any more—you won't, will youP' oried Nelly turning to the land* lord. ' Not if you don't want it, miss,' he answered hesitatingly. 1 You promise me, don't you P He's (he only friend I have in the wide world, and you won't be so oruel as to take him from me,' she pleaded, with an earnest prayer in her whole attitude. 'Oh! its all right,' replied the landlord, 'he shan't have another drop if you say so, miss. What you cay shall always be done here.' Nelly caught a glance pass between him and his serrant, even while he was speaking these reassuring words, and her heart sank. Suddenly, a resolre flushed into her mind, and with an altered manner she rose from her knees. ' Very well, I'll go to dinner now. I daresay he will be better directly.' The laudlord, though evidently putsled by the change, made no remark on it, but led the way to the dining- room, where he endeavored by all manner of uncouth gallantries to ingratiate himself with his guest. Nelly accepted his attentions, if not with much appearance of satisfaction, at least with tolerance, and he was radiant. He even brought in from the bar a bottle of some mixture which he oalled oham* pagne. 'The only one in the place, miss, to toast oar' happy meeting.' Nelly just touohed the frothing compound with her lips, and her entertainers, nothing loth, finished the bottle. Then she went outside and sat in the Terandah, gazing up the road. The landlord followed, but, finding that she reoei?ed his polite speeobes in silenoe, thought it evi dently the best polioy to let her alone. So the girl was left to her watch. She followed the devious track with her eyes till it vanished among the trees, and she strained her sight in the endeavor to penetrate the gray green dimness be/ond. Poor child, she was looking for her Prinoe. For it was always at the sorest need of the distressed damsel that the rescuer appeared, and her need was sore enough now. As the afternoon hours wore on her watch was interrupted by Jaok. At least it was the out ward form of Jaok, flushed and reeling, idiotic in speech and repulsive in manner. He was stupidly confidential, and full of ohuokling advioe to her not to miss so good a chance of making herself oomfortable. Nelly turned from him in disgust, and resumed her watoh. The afternoon gave way to evening, and there was no sign of what she was looking for. Only a kangaroo, like a gray noiseless shadow, crossed the track just within range of vision. And the poultry, that had huddled close in the shade during the bluing heat of noon, made littlo excursions down the dusty road as the shadows lengthened. The shadows orept over the whole scene, and poor Nelly oould not deceive herself. Night— the dark night, with all its possible horrors— was approaching, and no hope of a rescue. Once only, for ono blessed moment, she had a wild flash of hope, when the beat of rapid hoofs sounded in the diitauce. But it w«s only a grazing horse which had been tormented by flies at the waterhole and was galloping back to its pasturage. It became'dark altogether, and lights were lit in the rooms behind her. Nelly sat like a statue on the edge of the verandah gazing out into the darkness. A voice sounded behind her—that •f the landlord—and it also was unsteady. 4 Come to tea, Mis 3 Nolly, my dear,' and she felt au arm laid caressingly over her shoulder, .aid v sickening whin* of bruuJied breath came tv her liodtrik. Sho akook hcraolf free with a * angry gesture, but waa still with the dumbneas of despair. The landlord fell baok a pace, mut tering to himself. She took her seat again at the table, and glanced around her. 'He's all right, miss,' said the landlord, notioiog the look. 'He ia in hia bed juat reat* ing. Not tight, oh no { just orercome a bit.' Nelly aat through the meal with a strained look in her eyes, and heard, without aeeming to hear, all the jocularitiea of her flushed enter* tamer. When releaaed ahe managed to slip out and resume her post. . And now she sat with a great horror growing up withia her. There was no roioe from the dark bush, onlr the sounda of night inaeota and the mocking ' mo-poke, mo-poke' of the night jar. She ahrank, poor ohild, from plunging into the blaoknesa before her, but there was worae behiad. So ahe sat and atared. A drunken, warering, atep aounded behind her, and with a heayy lurch the landlord took up hia position by her aide, and passed hia arm round her waiat. ' Yog mustn't be so downhearted, my dear,' he said. Nelly remained quiet by a strong effort. * Not yet,' she pleaded, catohing her breath. 'Not yet.' • Ob, certainly,' said the drunken man. * Not yet if that's what you want. No one can say that Bill Haynes was onpolite to a lady.' And he stumbled away. Nelly glanced fear* fully round, and then, with the look of a hunted animal, slipped noiselessly off the verandah and away out into the darkness. Chaptbm VI. Tail trees, gray and ghosMikoin the darkness, entangling logs and branohes underfoot—the rustlings of creatures disturbed in their lairs j all round black horror, and the fancied Toices of pursuers. Nelly sped on with erery pulse beating and a din in her ears till at last she sank into the cool wet grass tufts, her ftoe buried in her hands. So she lay, listening, listening, with every sense absorbed in tbe one strained effort to hew. When the tumult that filled her subsided, there were no sounds of Toices in the bush. For a moment this gave her a great feeling of peace. But there came with overwhelming force the desolate remembrance that she was alone. The night sounds around her grew terribly distinct and near, and filled her with a nameless horror. 1 Oh my Prince,' she shouted, stretohing her hands abroad. Nothing but tho chirp of orickets, the melanoholy cry of the curlew, and the sighing of the breeie in the trees, answered the frenzied child, Again she lay down and ourled herself round, passing her bands over her eyes to shut out the night and the shadows, till merciful oblirion orertook her and she slept. It was morning when she woke, wet, chilled, and depreised. She arose to her feet and looked. There was no sign of a path, nothing but the eternal tree trunks around her. Only in one quarter they appeared to grow thinner, and thither she directed her steps. The forest became more scattered as she walked on, until she saw through the trees the swell of a rolling down. By a sudden impulse she determined to reaoh it. At least she would be away from the tress, and the nameless possibilities that lurked behind each trunk. The fresh broezo came sweeping oror tbe open downs with invigorating freshness, and for a little while the child's eyes sparkled in response to it. There were patohes of blue and yellow where the herbage was in flower, and a little bird rose a short distance into tho air, and hovered with a doubtful twitter. It was os if a liberated skylark was endeavoring to recall the joyous notes with whioh it had been wont years ago to mount from the dewy meadowi far into the summer sky, in England, and, in despair at having forgotten the song, dropped disheartened into its unfamiliar nest. Nelly walked on briskly till the line of timber grew indistinct behind her, and a crest of a downs swell hid it from her sight. Around her stretched the undulating plain, already begin* uing to shimmer in the gathering heat of the day. Her mouth was dry, and she felt faint with thirst. Bat she walked on hopefully. There would at least be water somewhere. She baited wearily on the top of a ridge on which a few soanty bushes grew, disturbing a flock of young emus, which scattered whistling in ludicrous terror, and scudded far away into tbe plain. She crept under the shade of a bush and gaxed around her. The heat haze veiled the distances, but, far away on a dim horizon, there seemed to be another dark belt of timber. Not far from her, a few scattered tree* teemed to mark the line of a creek; and there, after a res', she determined to go. Alas, the grass-grown channel could hardly be traced, and the little shallow waterholes we:c empty ; they gaped thirstily with cracks in tbe dried uiuJ. And tho suu poured dowu its rays with unrelenting ptrsitteucy. She vent on and on, following the line of the watercourse. Her tongue grew thick and hard, and a burning ferer parched her. She no longer felt pain from her out and wounded feet. Again ahe went on, pausing only for a mo ment, when a clump of bushes by the tide of the dry wateroourse afforded a little patch of abade. But ahe would only rest for a fow momenta i the fever that burnt in her reins drove her on. The awella of the downa grew steeper, and the line of the wateroourae vanished. Nelly did not aotioe it; ahe only saw that she was among little patchea of scrub that promised grateful ahadow. She went on and on. She had passed over the line of watershed. The downs again atretohed bare and desolate around her, and there waa no aign even of a channel in which water had ever been. Bat the sun was sinking, and her blood coursed less fiercely. She was beginning to weary. At laat ahe aank moaning among the hot pebblea and the Bounty thin tufts of dry grass. The ohild was not afraid, but she was conscious that in aome way she was nearing the objeot of her quest—the Prince was at hand. It was not the prince of hor dreams 5 his raiment was black, and he had no glittering palace to take her to, but at least he would gather the poor ohild in his arms and she would be at rest. Again she rose to her feet and stumbled on. She had no more pain, no more thirst even, only her akin was burning, and ahe tore open her frook to let the 000 l night breese play upon her. -And when the rod moon rose above the horizon, and lit her face, a happy smile hung on every feature, and if her eyes stared with unnatural brilliancy it gave her a wild beauty beyond her years. For the Prince was coming, and she uttered late sounds as she endeavored to break into song, and her swollen tongue refused its office. And the moon aailed upwarda in a cloudless sky, showing the dreary waste that lay round her in all its emptiness. But the girl stumbled on, wandering with unsteady gait, till her failing limbs gave way with her, and again with a -little ory she fell. Thesub-inspeotor lay in the big hut at the police oamp, and he had carefully darkened it to keep out the flies. 80 he lay and smoked, enjoying the 000 l draught that found its way in between the gaping slabs. The door opened, and a patch of blinding light fell on the floor. In the doorway stood one of the troopers with his hand raited in salute. ' Paper, mama) j whitofellow bring it.' The sub-inspector swore a heartfelt oath, and Uiily rose to take the letter. * A girl lost in the bush—and from that brut* Haynes. Some foul play, I reckon.' Here Carbine, you get up horses quiok } we go oat look for white- Mary lost.' The sub-inspeotor blinked as he faced the glare of sunlight, and he looked back longingly at his 000 l dark den. But be hurried the ' boys/ for, as luck would have it, their hones wore within easy reaoh. It was not long before the troopers with their officer were going at a stretohing canter over the downs. The sun was sinking below the horizon, and the night coolneus waa coming on again. The troopers were rapidly and eagerly following the trail like hounds on the scent. The step of a bare-footed girl on that arid ground left little trace, but enough to guide the keen sight of the blacks. The officer rode behind them, as eager in the search, but glancing round for a place to camp when the light for tracking failed The search bad led them right into the water* lesa desert. A ory from one of the troopers brought the whole group to where ha stood dismounted. There she lay, her face resting on her arm, her attitude that of profound repose, and quite dead. The officer dismounted and knelt beside her j the blacks stood stolidly round, holding the bridles of their horses. After a careful exami* nation, the white man rose. • She is dead, sure enough, poor thing. She waa a pretty girl, and there has been some scoundrelism here.' But ho was mistaken. Only poor Nelly had found what she sought. The Prince had met her at last, and he bad taken her home with him. Mb. Qr abitch, the well-known London book idler, bought, on the 29th July, at the Wai polean tale, in the rooms of Messrs. Sothebj, WilkinsoD, and Hodge, a not quite perfect copy of the celebrated "Chronicle of St. Albans," printed in the Abbey about 1483. It had been described in the auction catalogue and wu told as aCoxton, but wat discovered by the purchaser to be an article of much rarer occurrence than • specimen of Caxton's press. The half doion book* which issued from the Monustery of St. Albans are, perhaps, tbo rartit of all the pro* ductiuiu of earl/ Eugliaii tjpogtuphy. 