THE TEREIBLE. YEAE— 1881. The Record Union, a San Francisco paper, of Maroh 7, Bays : — Professor Norton, of tho Stato Normal School, San Francisco, lectured beforo tho Sacramento County Teachers' InBtitute IaBt night, upon tho vory interesting subject of ' The Planetary Conjunction of 1881.' Tho prediction of astronomers that in 1881 will occur the conjunction Of nearly all the ' grcKt planets, brought again to the surface the old prophecy of Mother Sbinton, and . A score of other birds of ill omen, who, baoked by the ] recont appearance of the plague, Lave pre- i dieted the most awiul state of affairs to be in- i augurated in 1881, aud to continue till 1S87, ' during which fearful epidemios shall prevail, ; crime multiply, tho elements continue in con- j stant and awful perturbation, floods overwhelm, ? earthquakes destroy, volcanoes burst forth, i the earth open and swallow up townB, tor- : nadoes sweep rond tho world, and waters be- - como poison, and tho de\\.'l be lor- :ed in reality i to work more desolation and ruin in all tho - earth. Lately in this State a so-cal1 d professor ? published a book in whioh he has prophesied, .- from a conjunction of Neptune, Saturn, J jpi- ' tor, the Earth, and Mars, that there shall occur all the foregoing reeited, and a hundrc d ( other woea fall upon the earth, and that the ( devilry and destruction ia to begin in 1881. ( Professor Norton, however, does not believe these things, and his lecture -was intended to show the reason for hiB faith. He illustrated ] his remarks with diagrams thrown upon tho wall by means of a magic lantern. He began by say.'ng that we are never satisfied with things now proaent. The world is ever look ing backward to the good old time, or forward to the good timo coming. Somehow the for ward outlook is never calm and cloudless. It is r'so natural that men should look to pivotal eveuta in nature, such as the oomplotion of astronomical cycles, as being ,':';oly to involve great crisoB in human affairs. The remarkable planetary apposition of the year 1881 haB espe cially appealed to human superstition and imagination. The lecturer here read extracts from a recently published pamphlet entitled ' The 'Voice of the Stars,' which foretold a eories of terrible disasters as likely to occur between tho years 1880 and 1887, including the annihilation of the Chinese race and the death of 15,000,000 Americans from the plague ; terrible storms, j earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, (amines, &c.; He also gave a brief synopsis of Piazzi Smith's 'Pyramid Religion,' and quoted from the oracles of Mother Shipton, all three substan tially agreeing that — The world ts »n eod eiall com* In 1331. , He said that, the prophecy of the old woman setmed to still have vitality, although the pub lisher of tho ' Shiptou Almanac' has openly confessed that he added the lines above quote, 1 in order to give the book a largo sale. Tho question before us is, can there be air- : ,.dunl truth behind all this superstition and non sense f The lecturer presented Professorate lame's theory of the relation of planetary con junotions to sun spots ; showed diagrams illus trating the effeot of the attraction of tho sun and moon upon oceanic tides, and the alleged corresponding effects of planetary oon junctions upon the atmosphere of the sun. He then ex hibited a diagram, showing the position of the planets on October 31st, 1881 ; all the large planets but' Saturn and Mercury being nearly in a straight lino passing through the centre of the sun. It is alleged that a similar aspeot of the planets will not occur for many thousands of years. If it is possible for the mister planets to pro duce extraordinary tidal effeot? upon the earth, such effect's must soon be rnatiileated. Never theless, the planets ara enormously distant. The'r attractive force vaiies inversely as the as the square of the distance. It is hardly con ceivable that mere gravitation oould produoe any Bach effect as the foretold disaster. Tho or.ly remaining theory is that of a hypothetical electric inter-action between the- sun aud planets. This is but the ghost of a theory,, having hr.-dly a shadow of ascertained faot bo. hind it. The looturer quoted one or two instances in which there seemed to be a coin cidence in times between such conjunctions and atmospheiio disturbances, where the'theoi/ of great resulting evils failed utterly, and then read the. following letter from Professor Young, of Princeton College, the eminent scientist and astronomer: — ?-..,..., ; . ; ' H. B. Norton — Dour. S?r— Your note 'of in ^uiry is received. I answer briefly as follows : — First— Your enclosed diagram (of ? the dou junctiou) is not essentially coueot. Second It is true that, the plunets will be -'somewhat nearer their perholia than is usual at heliocen tric conjunctions. — 'I'hird — There1 is no -good reason for expecting remarkable' disturbances in ? the solar ; or teu-eBlrial atmosphere on account of such planetary position. Professor Delarub thought that he had discovered: a ro lation between them and sun spots, but latest researches fail- to substantiate': the' theory. Scientific astronomers consider the now gospel of Piazza Smith and Mother Shipton as beipg about equivalent to that of Mother Goobc— Yours, very truly, Chains A. Youiia.' Summing up the evidenco,: Prof esBor; Norton said:. 'We are justified in concluding that science has thus far given us no deP-:te reason ?for expeoting the great tribr'atioh. Neverthe lcfs if public excitement shall cauBS men to oleanse their sewers and mend their lives, wo may be thankful for the 'voice from the tombs!' utter: 1 by Piazzi Smith, and the woeful foro ca3t attributed to Mother Shipton.' ?' ? \ i A. . Chinaman working near Copperfield named jimmy Ah Sue h-\s murdered a fellow countryunn, named, Ah Coo Wah,. who owed him money. ; An inveterato punster, who him self deserves braining, deolares. that this was a kind of sue-ing for money due of qv He too summary a character. — ' Town Talk.' A Pleasing Exception. — ^The Kanango cor respondent of the Queensland Timet -writes thus: — Talk of bad times and the want of money .' It is particularly absurd to us Nanan goites. We/ 3n proportion to the number of inhabitants, subscribed at liberally to the St. Patrick's Diiy sports above-mentioned as larger towns have to the Irish famine fund, and yet have on the subscription liBt something between £30 and £40 for Easter Monday's races. - , No Mobz SiEtf Bvs'tbh.— A discovery' has (says an English paper) been lately made in the process of preasrving butter whioh is likely to involve consequencss that no One yet can adequately foresee. The fflnnaginjr director of tho Aylesbury Dairy'' Cdmpany has troated'a churning of butter in accflf'dttnce with:a now patent whioh has been'- brought before him. The butter, .in muslin . cloth,- was' placed in a firkin, without a particle of salt' arid' every precaution taken to insure thattherecouid.be no tampering with tho experiment! Th'e firlsin romaincd for 'three months untou'ahed, and, when examined recently; tho! butter whs found to be as souiidand swoet as when first put in. ' Experts in the businesg'h'avo had samples, and' pronounce the preservation ' .wonderful.' ' The t* eet will be to drive all salt! butter out of tho market. .?'?',.''?'/.!' '. ? ' ?-. '? Militaky authorities' were heard to Se'ploro that tho sham fight ; at ' Ipswioh on Easter Saturday would' be deprived'1 of miibh/'of its' interest in consequence of thore beingtinly an im aginary defending force!' To the publio'not con versant with military operations, however, this was a pure gain.' 'In this sham warfare, espe cially where volunteers are concerned, thero is always a terrible amount' of confusion ' in the public mind when there are two actual con tending foroes. ' Who'ij who f '' or '? Whioh is whioh t ' are the constantly recurring qucs tions, especially as tho Volunteers havo on somo occasions been known to make con fusion worst confounded by firing into their owu side at poiut blank range. On this last occasion there could bo no confusion cithor in the minds of tho public or the V6luntec:i themselves. On the part of tho former it was only necessary to ' make beliovo ',' very hard, , and as imagination ia not a quality much in .dulgod by Queenslanders,'' its occasional exer cise must bo regarded ad'd very oxoellent stimu lant. Thero. is no fear of the thing being carried to extrem'els, 'and of a Qii'benslander Jjaing carried .a*dyv'by', hia imagination.— 'Itown. Talk/1 