THE HUMOURIST. MRS. BROWN IN AUSTRALIA. I No. 5.-AT THE CAPE. I'm sore if anyone 'ad ever told me as I should 'ave see the Cape of Good 'Ope afore I died I should 'ave smiled increjulouB, tho' I'd often 'eard speak on it thro' relations of parties as t lived, with emygratin' over forty years ago,; as vent out in a weasel afore a team werq inwented, with a large family as were a lot of children, aa 'ad a jar of treacle in the cabin as broke in the night thro' a lurch goin' down the Channel, as they all got out of bed. and fell into afore day-light; and was Bticky to the hend of the voyage, as sea water wouldn't get off. Bat, law, you 'ears of places, and reads of placeB, as you never expects to eee iu this world, and when you gels there they aint a bit like wot you ex pected as they might be. Tho' certingly I did ought to 'ave knowed about the Cape, for it were the fuat place as Brown spoke about comin' to, and never 'adn'fc give Horsetrailier a thought, tho' it ta next door to it like by sea; but I iever give no 'eed to comin* away from 'ome it fust, for Brown was in one of his jeery humours when he come in to supper that bight a broachin' the subjec, as the s&yin;' la, and says to me, Martha, old gal, do yon know where South Afriker is. I says in course I do, as is oppersite North Afriker, andkme of the quarters of the globe, and preshus'ot Quarters, too, I've 'card say. for 1 remember well a 'earin' a seafarin party Bay as the heggs 'atches in the sun, when laid ontthe s&na;, of their own accord, as must be a Comfort to the 'ens, as in course in such greatl'eat don't care about them long, confinements,-, as keeps 'em on the nest for' weeks at a time; besides, I've 'eard Lady "Witlea speak df a aunt of 'em as were grand dorter by the ifaother's side to Munger Park, as were the fuat as ever went there, and only to be mnrdered by them natives over .there, or come to a intimely hend someow, as is all the same thing, like the babes in the wood, tho' nobody never knowed exactly how he did end, tho' some thought it were crockerdiles as swarms in them rivers as is why them blacks never washes, as in course don't show the dirt, as is why I've knowed some parties wean black stockins,. like dirty Bints, aa I considers filthy 'abits.' Not as I should think anyone would be such a fool as'to take a 'eader into a river with a crock^rcUle & waiting for 'im with 'is jawB wide <j>en at the pottom ready to swaller 'im; but in course gome might be drove to take a leap if there wasn't nothink bpt lions and tigers behind 'em, a comin' on 'em sharp in that unpertected state as any one is when jest a goin' to bathe: and whs* ther ifs a-white skin or a black, they naturally likeB to keep it *ole-not but wot black is no doubt a dew tuffer, so wild beast natrallyprefers white. I've 'eard say as blacks always looks more dressed than white men . >at BO Brown, be says, thatwill do,' old lady, if ypu knows all about the place sb well, wot flo you say to a ran out there? Law, J says, Brown, wot go to a plaice where parties don't ? no clothes, but feathers and beads, aa doubtwsjmfthe sun off the brain, as would bawus ffiah water a settlin'onit, ak 'ave proved fatAlto many infant U the etorin' of the -ead, Wett, than, says Brown, if f&a;'re afraid to go, wtJt"do you say to me a takin' a run out there, as is only six weeks tnere and back fa a floats? pallia, with a table It lor. ^tin^cp^'-t^vl'di vast. no fightm -*"1- - ,J -" - about wbt i sick as IVa . ' ssonly itx/oniB, «ad never wbF«f > rfgiit'of . land, thom course 70a might be dfofrhfaft' there _th# ttme aaln a mUtamd, ^nsven your own? cistern, KkepoorMfr, Hoggin; fcs oremcd ad 'ereelf* tryin' to set t&sbill; , cock xltf t in '« own watw tat*, aadwae never found for 'oars, with nothin' bat 'er pattens visible to the naked eye over the hedge, and its a mussy the water didn't come in, or she must 'ave been drownded like a rat; but I says yon aint serous, Brown, about coin' to Afriker, North nor South. Well, he DLtUi itt&O; IVf r- , , . _ g~ ont of it I says, Brown, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, till death us do part, is wot I've swore to, and 111 stick to my word and you all the world over, so if it a Afriker for you it's Afriker for me. He says, Martha, you're a trump, old gal, and he give me a kiss, and out he goes to get isself a bit of bacca, as he'd forgot. When he was gone I begun to think as perhaps it were a bold step at my time of life to go so far to Afnc a icy mountings and Greenland's coral shore j but then I says it's all the same where the end comes, BO long as it finds you a goin along the path otdooty, as the sayin' is, tho m course there aint no paths in the sea to go along. So when I got up in the mornin and went on deck and Bee myself in front of that there Table Mountin as I'd 'eard speak on, I did stare, for the three weeks since we left 'ome 'ad seemed to 'ave passed like a wishun in the night, as the sayin* is. Not but wot I 'ad plenty to do, for the fast class stewardess, Mrs. Colegate, she were took bad with asmer, when we'd been out about ten days, poor thing, as I found out as I knowed 'er own aunt well, as 'ad been out to Injier in that lino afore. So I did ft 11 as I could for to 'elp 'er. 'Cos, tho' no great Bickness aboard, there was a many as give a deal of trouble, and some as fancied themselves ill, and led their 'usbanB a nice dance, and would 'ave that poor stewardess, as couldn't 'ardly draw 'er breath, always a mnnin' about for them, as was perpetially wan tin' somethink day and night. My time Was took up specially with a infant a month old, as 'ad come aboard at Gravesend with its ff"- as were not fit to travel, and tho' Mrs. Colegate is as good a soul as ever stepped, thro' not bein' a mother 'erself, aint, when in . 'elth, no more fit to manage a infant than I am to go aloft to reef the yards or to man the top-gallants. I never shall forget that young mother as were on 'er way to jine 'er 'usban' at the Cape as were a run-awpy match, and 'ad been ordered suddin to jine 'is reggyment. She was pretty nigh distracted for two days and nights, when we nearly all thought as the baby were a goin' 'ome, leastways everybody, includin' tne doctor, give it over, but me, as never do give up 'ope as long as there's life, partikler a infant, as never can be said to be dead till laid in their little graves. I must say as it were a werry nigh squeak with that child, tho' a fine boy; but I ave knowed such wonderful rallied, as I kep' a comfortin' that young mother with a tellin' 'er abont, 'ow I'd knowed 'em set up and smile when give over, tho' Mrs. Colegate, Bhe did rather put me out, fa while I was a talking like that she'd Btand and shake 'er ,'ead in tears all the while. It's a mussy. that old kill-joy Mrs. Nndkins weren't near us, or Bhe'd 'ave done for. mother and child too with 'er moans and sobs. In course she never .come into tho fust cabin, as I.only went into to 'elp Mri Colegate, and then for to see this poor young lady, thro' the doctor a askin' me, and never took my clothes off for two nights a watchin' every breath as might be that dear little creetur'a last. I must say as I'd 'ave done anythink in this world for to 'ave 'elped that dear lady, as didn't take and scream and faint like the corpulent party in the next cabin as feere sick, in my opinion more thro* eatin' and drinkin'too much than anythink else. No, that poor yottng mother she sat there like anythink pntrified with grief, and only said as it was fell 16 punishment of 'er fault*, thro' 'avin' disobeyed 'er parents, and never '< shall I forget 'et race When she came in quiet' as a ghost two nights arter we crossed the line, and looked &t; that pool little innercent a layin' insensible in my tans jest on twelve o'clock at night, and said in a whisper, may I kiss 'im f<Jt the last tope. I says certingly, my dear, but not in w it's the last time, for I can see ai thew'a a change in 'im for the better, as 'ave sneezed twice, as no doubt there was thro' drops of brandy as I kep' a puttm* 6n 'is tang as kep' the life in 'im from time to time; as ralliea jest after daybreak, and tho' weak when we got to the Cape, give every promise of makin' old bones. Even then that poor lady couldn't believe 'er senses as the child were oat of danger, and wanted to make me a present of 'er gold watch and chain, as 1 larxed at the ideer on; and as to 'er 'usban' &b; come aboard to fetch 'er he nearly shook my 'ands off with thanks. I must say as I were not sorry to geib ashore at the Cape and stretch my legs a bit, bs the Baym' is, on dry land, for I ain't a good 'and at walkin' the plank, as is wot everybody does at sea for h exercise. Tho' I'd* enjoyedthe wbyage I were disap pointed at not 'avin' seen no wales nor yet sharks; but Brown, he said there was lots of them aboard ship as was up to to their little: games, and 'ad been, and cleaned .some of them young fellers out of heverythiak as was reglar green 'orns.. I fancy they got 'old of that young Billers, not as he'd much to lose, and 'adn't never spoke to me, but 'ad always some of 'is reddicale when 1 were near, a : talkin' abont fat old porpuses a rollin' the ship over, so in course 1 never pertended to know 'im, tho' I 'eard 'im a blowin'abont 'is father'* dabs, as I knowed, must, be benefit clubs, as 1 could 'ave said as 'is sridder mother 'ad got a,trifle from, not bs I wanted to expose the young idyot. . , - i We was eight and forty hoars at the Cape, as I were glad to*et away from, as ls« mean 'ole. with red dust a flyin' in you lace as chokes you, and when they waters the Mads, its enuf to pison yon thro' its bein' the drains as they pumps up and uses for the pnrpoee. Not bnt we 'ad kind friends there M we found a livifa' jest outside the Cape as more than one «f 'em was that glad to see us, tod wanted to take lis Into their 'oases a* liVed ta a lovely tooU little way in the cottntry as ad nide gudihs/and lovely trees and flowen, fes was all'done bytfce Dutch >as 'ad the place onoe; irat Mfa'4 slow place; tho' I 'eard say as its fet away the nicest of all them Afrikintowns, as *ave got a Teal Governor, as is a^well, andtiioe ladies and gentlemen as drives their owucarridges.but most people there is nearly all asleep. I 'eard parties say as up the Country, where the <war 'ad been, they*® wide awake enuf. and we met lots of sogers as 'ad been a fightin'np toaplaoeas they calls the front, thothe name is WnrWn. as they cftllfe Natal* whefe the war agin ttaie blocks es been. Mid some on 'emtold me aa f»niidetea them1 Zulus gentlemen ciOm . ^^w oolonWs. as 'ad been in a tnem out of tbo place, ali ne conld 'ave dobe e^y j tad when the iqrilsb sojen 'ad drove i^^them^imTsay M they nefw* '£& Printed bo troopa nor 'elp from 'Ome, and rapid'ave maaaacreed the triggers by them as they 'ad done Often afore, and h{ tbey wouldn t pay for the war, tho' it '(J brought, millions upon millions ofmoner into their pockets.- Brbwn, lie took it m werry ot; but I says to !im wot ia the use tS botherin' your W about eich J people aa beneath notice, m ia wot I. fcard a lot of" officers Bay as ad been up the country, and undergone orful /ardaliipa, and been .reglat plundered, and 'ad to fay fifteen1 shimM a pound for bacca, and five ahlllina a bottle for beer, as ia *ow them colonials feho^ed thfeir gratitood to tbeif defenders aa Was toitin' a fortune for them. 'Otela, as was dog 'Ales with nothink to eat. Brown' Bays you're right, bother the Cape^aa ain't no coiiae. quence; let's get on: to Horsetrailier, as ia a country. I must say aa glad I was to get aboard that steamer agin. as. was like 'ome tho' drenched in the little tug as took us off* and were werry nigh left behind, asgiveme that dreadful turn ab nearly brort on a' ill. nesB. For I'd been out to see old family friend" as I took tea with, as turned out wet, so took a bed, a . understandin' as the steamer wouldn't leave till the next day arternoon. We 'ad a pleasant arternoon and hevenin' . but Brown ne wouldn't stop all night, tho* it did come down pailsful, a eayin' aa he'd get aboard, so bein' a slow walker I stopped. V Jest as we was at breakfast the. n»rt mornin' in comes a boy with a note a sayin' as there was a wire, as they calls it, tossy as the wessel were off at once. Up I jumps, ruBhes down to the train as rune into Cape Town jeat in time to see it go off without me, so I 'ad to get a cart without no springs, as jolted me 'orful all the way to the water aide with a 'oss as was skin and bone. As we went along we see that there King Kickwyo a setting s prisonet«on the walls of the castle aa he's confined in a baskin' in the sun like our black cat, as he seemed to injoy. We got into Cape Town atlastt and down to the boats. I couldn't see nothink of Brown, and there was the steamer a smokin' and ateamin' like mad. I says, Bhe's off; a boat I most 'are if it's a 'undred pounds, for I must foller 'er if it's all the way. It was blowin' great gnns, as the sayin' is, and the sea a mass of scurf, as they calls it; but off I went in this "ere little steam-tug, as danced about like mad, a dxenchin' me to the skin, as made me that orful bad as I almost wished as the boat would flounder, and put me out of my misery. When we got alongside the steamer it kep a bobbin' up and down like a cork, and as to gettin' my lee on the ladder, I might as well ave tried to ave flowed aboard. I was nearly hover the side twice a shippin' aeas from stem to stern, as the sayin' is, and at last they 'ad to lower a cargo baekit with a windlass and work me over the side, and there was that wipet Mrs. Nudkina a jfcerin* and a larfin* at me; baft it come 'ome to er.for she took and stepped backards too near the hedge of the 'old, as were open, 'cos they was a lowerin' goods into it, ana- the corner of a bale ketched 'er across 'er- blade boneB, and Bent 'er down flyin' among the bales as werry nigh squashed some niggers as she come on down there at work, tho tbey broke 'erfolL I was that knocked about' and soaked thro* as I took to my bank, as they'd 'ad mad6 larger for me, and there I was foe over .three days ia a 'urrykin' off the Cape, and wot make me so mad was as there wasn't no 'urry for me to'ave got aboard, that there steamer didn't leave tul hevenin', and when I got aboard Brown was a waitin' for me all the time ashore, and I do believe sendin' that note were all that Mrs. Nudkina' doinB, like a double-facer toad as she is. I were that wexed. as I'd been and 'urried off, and not 'ad time to say goodbye to theot kind friends at the Cape as I can only 'ope to Bee some day in old Ingland. 