AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STOUT. {From the London Athenmum.) LITTLE more than two months hav« passed since my own personal experienos of mental phenomena was strikingly enlarged by the ocoarrenoe with whioh the following narra tive deals. Yet already 1 find that round the original story there has gathered a surprising accumulation of the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of romance in more senses than one. As I object to be looked upon as a kind of medium to whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and,,on the other hand, do not wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer, whose disorganised nervous sywtem renders him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions, 1 have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make publio the fol lowiug paper. I am told that tiiero are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so, it is batter they xhouLi hear the facts from mo than after they have passed through other channels. The narra tive was written, at the request of a friend, not many days after the event, when all the circumstances were fresh in my rcoolleotion : On the 10 th of October, 1879, I drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall, to spend the night at Lord Orford'a. Though 1 wis in perfect health and high spirits, it is fair to state that for some weeks previ ously I h id had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and so mo considerable mental strain of one kind or another. I was not, however, conscious of anything approaching weariness, irritability, or "fag." I arrived at 4 p.m., and was engaged in pleasant and animated conver sation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at seven; our party numbered six persons. Of these, four at least had been great travellers. I myself was rather a listener; the talk was general and dis cursive, and amused and inteiested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the supernatural; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art, and -the experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe in- ' telligently what they had seen, and com ment upon it suggestively. I have very rarely been at a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We "left off as we began," and as two of the guests had some distance to drive, we broke up at half-past ten. Toe main object ot my going over to ManDington was to examine and take notes upon somn very rare books in Lord Orford'a library, whioh I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for florae .tears, but hud never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to ait up for some hours and make transcripts. Hi« lordship at first wished me to let his valet remain in attendance to see all the lights put out, bat a3 this would have cthbai'raiaed me, and compelled me to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely thifc I should be occupied till two or three in the morning, it was agreed that I should by left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retiro. By eleven o'clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon bu=iiy at work, and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I waa writing is a lar^e one, with a huge fire-place and a grand old chimney; and itia needless to eay that it is furnished with every com fort and luxury. The library opens into tbis rcotn, and I had to pass out from where I waa sitting, into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumeB I wanted to examine. There were six small volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work c-sometimes reading, sometimes writing. AB I finished with a book, I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, a3 I am a chilly person, I sat myBelf at one corner of the tible with the fire at my left, and at intervals, aa I had finished wi'-h a book, I rose, knocked the fire together, and stood' up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my .task till nearly one o'clock. I had got on better than I exp'ected, and I had only one more j book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of Seltzer ! water, and I remember thinking to myself that I fchould get to bed by two after all, I sat to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and wa3 ju-.t beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, at I was actually writing, I saw a large white | hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my nead, there aat a. figure of a som&what; Urge man, with his baok to the fire, loaning lightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of booka that I had been engaged upon. The man's face was turned a way f rom me, bu11 saw his cloBely cut, reddish-brown^ir, h.aear and shaved cheek, the eyebrow, I'ue-corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead, and the large, high cheek-bone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesias tical habit of thick corded silk, or some such material, close up to the throat, an$ *a narrow rim ' or edging, about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, serving as a stand-up collar, and fitting c'.ose to the chin. The right. hand, which had fir^t attracted my attention, was clasping, with out any great pressure, the left hand; both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand were con spicuous. I remember thinking thai, the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnificent "Dead Knight" in the National Gallery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds,, and was perfectly sure that he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding xipon mc, bat not the least fueling of alarm, or even uneasiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felc eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil; then I thought, " Up stairs I hare a sketch-book-shall I fetch it?" There he eat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hanu from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and m:wei the top one. I cannot explain why I did this. arm passed in front of the figure, and it raniahed. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. I went oh with my writing as il nothing had happened for perhaps another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last fewworda of.what I had determined to extract, when th« figure appeared again, exaotly in the same plaoe and attitude as before. I saw the bands elose to my own ; I tnmed my h ad again, to examine him more closely, an I I w*o framing a eontenco to address to him. when I discovered that I did cot dare to speak. I teas afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he eat, at:d there sat I. I turned my head a^ain to my work, and finishod witting tho mo or tlroo wordal still had to write. The p»per and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremnur or nervocuness. I could point out tbo words I «u writing when the' phantom oame nnd when ho disappeared. Hating finished my teak, I abut tho book and throw i£ on the tuble; it nude a slight noise as it fell; the fignre vanished. Throwing myself back in my cbair, I eat for soma seconds looking ut the fire, , with a ouriona mixture of feeling, And I remember wondering whether my ,frie.nd .would come again, and, if ho did, whether, he would hide tho fire from me. 'jfhea, first there atolo upon mo a dread and n fuspicion that I was beginning to Jose my . nerve. I romomber yiwnin^; thon I rose, lit my bedroom candle, took my hoi&^into. tho inner library, mounted tao chthr,. as before, and replaced five of tbo volumes tho'sixth I brought back an 1 laid upon the table whore I had been writing when' the phantom did mo honour to apJjojr. to me. -By thi3 time I had lost a':l sense of. uneasiness. I blew out the tour candies^ end marched off to brd, where 1 sl^pt the Bleep of the just or the guilty-I know not which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and nnvami&hed; narra tive of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I leave to others. AUGUSTUS JESSOPP, D.D. New SAPPHIBE Mines -A valuable dis covery of sapphire mines has been made in Siam, and " there is a ''rut'ti" to the new diggings. M-iny of the subordinate government ofikiuh nave resigned their posts in Order to bo ei'.riy on the f.po^:, and it is expee'ed that there will POOU "ifo an influx of South African diamond minors. Those sapphires which have rocbed Bangkok are said to bo largo and beautiful. A New PHOTOGRAPHIC Pkocess. - This Japanese aro liov.* ofgintiinf; to ro^nrn in jsind som0 oI the soiebiifio ii?a>ructk;u uhioh they have do dilif;fiu:!y boi-.-owo i from Europa daring eovoral ya^tn p<ant. 0no of thp flr«t-fruits of tboir Wi storm culv.jro ia a new sort of photograph, Fotndthmg simi'ar to the vrell-known English typo-printing photog-aph. It had long been ob-'trcedby the workings engaged iu mikiug Japanese lacquer, that one of tho subitunoo? hiia the singular property of bocomin.* ahuoafc as hard as a etone when exposed to fc;ie action of sunlight; and a J^paiic30 invrafcir has conceived tho idea of applying it in tho preparation of relief pboioynpiis. A slfa,b covered with thi< material ia i>xpo:»:d for twelve hours to dayliyhr., which is allowed to pass through the "in^ativo" p!ata placed in front of it. 13y thi3 time the slab has become hardened to (lilF-rent de grees according tfi tVj intensity ui' the iighfc falling on it, or, in other woids, uccording to tho light and ehado of the negative ia front; end upja carefully scraping u,way the'ooftor p it is, a p'oKri»l «<ir(:ic<j iu low relief ia obtained, timiUr u> ua eugraver'a blopk, and BuiUibie for priu:,ia'g - A QnooEAVHtcAt. GAME.--4n .amuping1 ftndinvruoiire geographies! gutp* hf*V jneb" been in*ent«d by M. Lotag/»nr, n. .wiflU: .known French geographer. ll/ i# called' " Tour du Hondo," and iu played o»alartjo. terrestrial globe, richly i.luKtraled, aud divided into 232 spherical rectangU's;each,' of whioh ia tnaiked v,-ith a number corree-" ponding to a number on a lijfc which in dicatoi gains or los6e« in the game, A bngerib or'meridian ruuaiug fro'ft p.do^Q/ ppla-'of tho globt1, but raised jtbove tna. latter, it. poifjruted with a row o£ eighteen' hol«B; n,ud tllcie are eighteen tiny Hags provided for tho purpose of being plnnfed . in the holoi. Each flag corresponds to one of tho principal states of tho world, from Ohiua the most populous, to Holland the least populous. To piny tho g'line tho globo ia tot revolv ing, and a pLtjer, oomuiunciug at the south pole, plants a fUg into oaah hole one after another, at oach revolution of the glpbe, arid advancua northwards. Tbo pcore of this ' piayer, whiob may be eiiu>r a Raia or a loss, is determined by tbo tjn'.ute of tbe facta indicated on tho reotaugular space above wbich a flag may stand when th? globs stops, revolving; and tbis i*, of coarse, t'uu inter esting and humourous part of the garde. LondoD, for example, oounts thirty, Paris twenty, and BO on, uncording to population. A coal mine, a Mauqbe^er totton kMWry^a' grain mart, all are reckoned gains; 'bat an encoanter with a Zula or a lipa in A/rio*,a t Etorm in tho A'dootic, <i pblav iceberg, a crocodile on the Nile, natnrally go lot serious losses. . Oaptive LioHT.-iJVe have htd occasion fo refer to VArions practical applioatioas of certain phosphoreBoent fiubstanqeo . to illu minating purples, and espsoially %o the " luminous piiint" of Mr. W. H^Balmsiia. ? This mntoiial ha« ol lute b>?en broagtit into greater prominenos, and has been pat' to ? several important uee«. It will be remem- i bored that tho paint is made by mijdagi a eelf-laminoas sulphide or other salt of oaloinm vrith the materials of ^ordinary colourless paia's. "When exposed . for some timo to daylight, or to the powtfrfal rayB of the eleotrio aro or: burning magnesium wire, the sensitive ,* salt in the paint eeems to acquire a mole- . cnlar vibration which m dar&ness; give3 rise to waves of light, which are seen us ft soft violet phoapborcscenoe growing whiter as it ie more intenso. A piece of cacd« - board two feet square, if coated with Che paint, makes an excellent hand-lamp, and is notv, we belitve, being tried for this pur pose in the dangerous spirit vaults of the West India Docks, and in the_ gunpowder magazines of one of her Majesty's iron clads. Tbe Admiralty have made experi ments with the new illnminant in a dark ened room at Whitehall, with a view to test its capability for use aa a wall-paint to lighten the dark compartments of ironclads ; . and the dial indicators for showing tho speed of the'engines on board H.&I.3.; Northampton are to te faced with it, so asto show the index by night without the aid of a lamp. An exceedingly interesting parlour trick can be played with a piece of card board painted with the lum mo us material in this way:-Expose the sensitive surface " to daylight with a penny or other coin lying on it fur bueh time as wiil allow the surface to take in a good supply of light; on re moving the card then to a dark place, and abstracting the coin unobserved, ita surface will be luminous with the txception of th» round fpot which had been covered by the coin. Tnis part will, in fact, be a persitfcenfc shadow of the coin after the latter has been taken away, aud it is easy to tiick those not in the secret into believing that the coin is still lying on the card. A PHYSICIAN seeing Cooke about to drink a, glass of brandy, exclaimed, " Don't driuk that filthy stuff. Brandy istho worst enemy i you have." " I know that," replied Cooke, " but you Imo-w the- Soripture commands UJ| to lore our eriemiea-BO here goes." 1" 