gjpsallatiD. Dis&aelte; Eaelt Reoeets. — It seema-JgB little odd that Disraeli, now so famous ein occupying- a position so exalted, should haw written this passage in his earlier dany ' Mind is a fine thing, I won't deny it ; um mine was once as full of pride and hopeiM deeds and aspirations, and where the famej| dreamed of when a boy? I find the wodwl just slipping through my fingers, and osaajy clasp the jewel as it falls. I quit an MM where none will ever misB me, save tfiaifl whose blood requires no laurels to maketkaq love my memory. My life has been a bfa|9 der and a blank, and all ends by my tdttifl one more slight ghost to the shadowy tedH of fatal precocity.' '-'''m They nave a Methuselah in Baltimore, «?? William Scott, familiarly known at 'thmM Billy,' ' a coloured man, who is claimed to hstl lived, 149 years. A citizen hasmadesffisMfl that he has known ' Uncle Billy' for Dm years ; that William then bore the same M pearanoe as now ; that the deponent's isfllfl who had been nursed by William, gave 4M date of the latter's birth 1729. 'TOM Billy' might pass for a man of seventy. ''IM has had six 'head' of children— 4hat aVifl different families of children, exactly ksW many he doesn't remember. He wastMH servant to Lord Howe during the BevolathfH went to England with him, and was etniifl to an English officer at the battle of TsM loo. r3M Effects or Food Upon the BOMMpfl Experiments made by Lehmann upon yfeJM| animals showed that food containing fl|| insufficient amount of phosphates not OH affects the formation of tue skeletofl-M| has an essential influence upon its septiM! parts/ A young pig was fed 126 days MM potatoes atone, and it had, as ?- renttnl this insufficient food. rachitU (rickets* «£? softening of the bone). Other pise, Mjl the same litter, fed upon potatoes, lUHJWJl out meat, mea', and additional phoepbrtld for the same length of time, had a- noflafl skeleton. Yet even.in these niiiiiisis IfcwM was a difference, according to the kmdd| phosphate added. Two that were fei« phosphate of potash had porou* beam specifically lighter than th3 others, wUefl were fed npon phosphate and uubunatesW lime.— Scientific American. m ? m 