THE PUBLIC SCHOOL ATTENDANCE. It is manifest that even the short trial of the new public school regulations has had the effect of increasing largely the number of pupils ia attendance; and as the teachers' salaries are made to depend on the attendance as well as classification, this means to them an increased allowance and greater comfort. There are ex ceptions in which, from peculiar circumstances, the change has proved a loss, and these excep tions are being considered, and will bo dealt with as fairly as possible ; but the ten dency is to improve the condition of the teachers. The prognostications have failed of those who thought that the appropriation of fees by the teachers instead of by the Minister for Instruction, would impoverish them, and likewise keep down the attendance. The re duction of the fees to threepence per week and the very mention of a mild compulsion held suspended, are enough already to swell the ranks. What further impetus would be given by a perfectly free admission, and by a generally effective compulsion, we may guess by the result of those tentative measures. But is the department really prepared for the accession of numbers 1 Where is the accommodation ? The summer is near ; and the crowding of some of the schools is something terrible to think of ; yet we are now on the point of pressing a compulsory policy for Sydneyand suburbs ; to be followed, we presume by a similar policy in the country. The daily papers are not breathing a word about air and apace. The department gives no sign. Air and space have just been shown by an eminent aavan to be more important than even good sewage to the health and energy of the people. Crowding means enervation of mind and body, especially of the young. We cannot without tyranny, compel people's children to undergo this enervation. Better not teach at all than destroy in the pro cess of teaching. We should like to see proper effort made by the Public Instruction department to meet this want, simultaneously with the application of compulsion. There is one effective means of ventilation without sensible draft, simple, cheap, and comfortable. It does not seem to be applied to any of the crowded schools ; and it could be applied to all within a week, at the cost of a few. yards of ordinary iron tubing. A plain down pipe open at both ends inserted in the floor and extending upwards seven or eight feet will keep a constant stream of air flowing into a room, a column of fresh air from without, striking against the roof, and so dispersing and falling gently by its weight, to replace gradually the heated.atmosphere below. This, and larger and cheaper buildings, to supplement the present more costly and confined ones, would add much to the efficiency and healthfulnesB of the classes. Neither teachers nor children can work in a close atmosphere ; and on the other hand the rush of cold air through open windows and doors, over sweltering bodies is a prevailing cause of rheumatism, diphtheria, and phthisis. We urgently press this matter, as of immediate importance. ; ; Roman Catholic Bible. — It is ourious; to notice how the influence of truth" silently works, even in spite sf those who are :pledged to stop or pervert it. The Romish Church does ;not and cannot love the Bible. It especially dislikes to give the power to the people, of freely reading tbe Bible in their own tongue. The fourth rule of the Index, forbidding the people to read the Bible, and de nouncing all who dare read it, without the. written permission of the bishop, is the unrepealed law of the Church. But the zeal of the Protestants in circulating the Scriptures and the general result when the people do read it, have oftener' than once pro voked the priests to take a spurt in the way of Bible circulation. It was to this that we owe the Douay Bible, translated and published, "hot because it was either necessary or con venient that the common people should read the Holy Scriptures, but because as the people would get hold of the Protestant version, it was deemed expedient that a Catholic edition should be pre pared to keep the people from error by good Catnolic notes." lies: if the priests had had their own way, they would never have given the people the Bible ; but they were provoked into giving it, in a oorrupt form indeed, as a precautionary measure, to meet a want, and to silence the clamour of their owu followers, "Why not give us the true Scriptures, if the version of the Protestants is defective and impure?"— Not long ago, as we explained in these columns, the priests, .with Dr. Vaughan's younger1 brother at the head and Cardinal Manning at the tail, were provoked to send the Bible to South America, becanse the: people there had discovered, through the labours of the Protestants, that the Spanish translation fof the Scriptures given them, did not teach Popery. Thereupon, as a stroke of policy, Manning and Vaughan aud others ventured upon the pre cautionary measure of getting up, for the South Americans who were calling for the Bible, a true Catholic edition, with the saving notes. ' The scheme was plain, and,. like its model -of old, it so far succeeded as a blind, for the notes were the parts which the people were charged especially to consider ; but it was soon found to be; as the original venture had been found to be, a dangerous one, as the people began to read and to think for themselves, and to see that tho notes were a perversion and not an explanation of the text.— The priests are now provoked in Italy. The Protestants throughout Italy , and especially in Rome, under the" leadership of M'Dougall, Gavazzi, Wall, and others, are doing a very wonderful work indeen. ,Of course it is opposed by the priests, and it is. denounced by the Pope. The old Antichrist is in great wrath, as he sees in his : Eternal City, the heretics circulating their, books, opening their Bible Halls, displaying their books on stalls iu the streets, building their schoolB and churches, under the very shadow of the Vatican ! How ho would sweep them all out, and drive them . into the. Tiber,!/ only he had the power ! How he has anathematized architects and others .who have helped to build these places ! How he has: threatened the masons, bricklayers, carpenters, and music dealers who have contributed to make those places a success 1 He gnashes with his teeth. He goes to tlio cells of the Inquisition and laments that they are empty ; and »ie turns with despair to the Holy Virgin, and asks what is the good of her Immaculate Conception, and what is the good of her champion spouse, the Glorious Joseph, if the Church and the Eternal City are thus to be made desolate by the presence and success of Protestant heretics ?— Since all this heretical success is connected with the progress of Bible circulation, why not try to defeat it by a Papal attempt at Bible circula tion ? If the priests publish an edition of the Bible, will not the Italian people see that . the charge which is so often laid against tho Church "of keeping tho Bible from tho people," is nothing ? If tho Pope is constructively shown to be in favour of Bible inculcation and reading, will not the heretics lose the advantage of saying, "Popery is afraid of the Bible?" And if the edition be nicely got up, with suitable notes, and beautiful engravings by the famous Dorfe, will not the people be decoyed to buy the Catholic Bible and discard the less attrac tive though deeper editions of the Protestants ? Accordingly, the publishing house of Treves Brothers, of Milan, havebrou ght out an edition of the translation of Martonio Martini, with notes, under the supervision of the Archbishop of Milan, with 230 engravings by Dorfc, and the text ornamented by Enrico Giacomelli. Tho price of this two quarto-volumed edition is three pounds. This, of course, precludes the common peoplefrom buying such a book, notwithstanding VIG nvivs.— vut ruibuura uuguu tu auuw uumu forty -years ago tho edition of Martini was tho: only Bible to be got in Borne. A traveller Jof that date made a search among the booksellers of Rome, to see what could be got of the Bible in the land of the Pope; and Martini's edition, iu Jive volumes, costing about £3, was tho only, purchasable Bible in Rome at that time ; and Papists, when, you toll them about Bible translation for the Italian people,. always boast of Martini's great work, and they tell you especially to read on the first page the Pope's authorization and commendation, as an infallible proo/thiit the RomiBh Church is in favour of Bible circulation ! Tho effort now is to produce an illustrated book in two volumes at £3. The publishers, howover, have found the venture a bad speculation. Scarcely any copies have been sold. The work is too high for tho great majority of the people to buy. It lies heavily on the publishers' shelves. But they have now resolved on popularising the work. They pro pose to issue it in 200 numbers of three-halfpence each, or the whole work, when complete, for about twenty-four shillings ! Whether or not this is with tho consent of the priests, we do not know. But the publishers do not need their consent; Under the laws of the Popedom they would have had a difficulty ; but under the new statute laws of the King, they will experience none. The publishers are free to push trade, and they will try to make their printing a profit able concern. We wish them success ; for, although the pictures of Dor6 have all a Popish touch about them ; and, although the notes manipulate the text as much as possible, it is a fact which makes the year 1880 — ten years after the great eventB of 1870— remarkable, viz., that the Romanists of Italy are now to be supplied with a Bible in their own tongue at a very small charge. Bible reading will do far more for the Italian people than even the liberal government of the King. — Strange that " the man " who makes, once a year, a great " display of an open Bible," carrying it in front of him,t did not know anything of this wonderful triumph of Bible circulation ! The " Victorian."— If the person whose lucubrations appear in a church organ in Sydney under the annonymous signature of " A Vic torian," will reveal his name, we will under take to prove one of two things— either that he is a person of very small importance and therefore needing the covering of anonynimity ; . or that he writes of things of which he knows nothing. What he says.about the Public schools in Victoria and their secular education, has no application to this colony. The system of this colony is essentially different from the one which obtains in Victoria. To repeat for the thousandth time what has-been a thousand times refuted, about " Bible exclusion " is a bad illustration of the candor er intelligence of " A Victorian. " It iB the cry of senseless partizans, raised for an ignoble purpose, and in effect a lielptodenominationalists, viz — "secular, infidel, - Bible excluded, and children denied: the Word of God." Not one of those who raise this cry in New South Wales is honest enough to state the real facts of the case. The man who persists in saying- that the Bible is excluded from our Public schools, is : either ignorant or unfair. If he would say that the teachers are prohibited from promiscious Bible-reading with the children: from using -the Bible os a class booh, the , truth would destroy the scarecrow : but if he . said that selections from the -Bible are read ; "extracts from, the historical and : doctrinal parts form regular / lessons ; that the other reading books are saturated with passages, either from or aboutthe Bible and, that /:every clergyman may, with the whole Bible, go - for an hour a day, and . teach it to his own denominational children; in the schools,— the senseless " cry ", would be seen to be 'so, utterly .false that the humblest people would wonder how it arose. Let tho "Victorian '-.try and get for.his schools what we have' got: here,' and he will do a better work than writing letters to a bitterly, sectarian paper in Sydney on the eve of a general election." — What does "Victorian " propose by his " letters " on the eve of a general election ?" And what does the sectarian editor mean by. pub lishing " Victorian's" inapplicable observations ? Is it to affect the general election ? - Is it to raise the cry at the hustings about " infidelity and_ Bible : exclusion " in our Public schools? Is it to help the haters of our Public Schools Act, in. their desiro to re-open the question? No doubt ! The editor may as well tell his Victorian friend, that though he is ready to blow onld and hot to effect au acceptance of the Public Schools .Act . and yet do as much as he can to secretly destroy it, the attempt at present is. hopeless: for not only is the country, by au overwhelming majority, pledged to maintain the Public Schools'. Act, but: that the .Orange Institution and most of the Churches have given the Act their most cordial support. — "A Vic torian " would fain .... intermeddle in another matter in dispute. But when he feels in that way, he should, as a friend par , excellence oi the Bible, remember one little part of its' teaching, very appropriate: "He that passeth by and meddleth with strife not belonging to him is' like one that taketh a dog by the ears." As "Victorian" ventures to refer to us by name, while he withholds his own, and goes so far as to insinuate'that we are an " enemy in the camp," let us tell him that ho is incompetent to judge. When he gives us his name, rand places lis on the same vantage ground which he oc cupies, we shall not shrink from the work of proving to him that an unjust judge merits only contempt. Seeking tho protection of an anony mous signature proves him to be a Victorian protectionist of the very worst class. The Foz and thol Stork -The Bishop of Melbourne and Archbishop Gould appear to be coming to an understanding about religious instruction of a non-sectarian kind being given in common in all schools. This compromise was affected long ago by the Archbishop of Dublin and Archbishop Murray, the result being the Scripture lessons, and the easy lessons on the evidences of Christianity.. The Popish hierarchy however, soon found it their interest to abolish these. Archbishop Whately resigned : and his memory has been befowled and black guarded' by all the faction over the whole world. Bishop Moorhouse , is simple enough to meddle in the same game, in which he will act as a man of honour, and the others as they always do, with guile. The result may easily be calculated. Tho Protestant - Bishon ; will be set forward to do all the fighting. His infiuonco among his people will be availed of politically. Should this combination succeed in unsettling the Education Act in Victoria, :then will the " Catholic" cry be; away with the heretic lessons, we must have Catholic teaching, for to the Church alone was it said, " go teach." W e fear ; Bishop : Moorhouse, able and liberal as he is,' has yet to learn the value of punic fidelity, and; of Danaio truth. He' is' already being made a cat's paw of by that wily faction, and if he goes on he will meet the fate of all who ever trusted Rome. We think he ' already begins to show some symptoms of undue pressure on the brain when that subject is on the tapis. His common sense which so habit ually guards . him when speaking on other subjects, leave him when he discusses this, and he ferrets out perpetual and ridiculous examples, or supposed oxamples, of the dreadful effects of non-sectarian schools. Recently he announced in public his discovery of a new species of crime which has been developed in Victoria by the influence of education. The prevalence of this crimo is unfortunately not to be marked by statistical returns, because its characteristic is impossibility of detection. The criminals arc so clever because of education, and yet so wicked because this education is non- sectarian, that it festers in secret. One would be apt to suppose that the men who form the police would be likely to share in the sharpen ing influence of the schools, as well as the criminals. But no, we must suppose the police to have come through the orthodox atmosphere of denominational teaching — " the Catholic atmosphere " as our Vaughan calls it, or the catechismal as Brother Sydney would style it. We must suppose the police to come out feeble with gOody-goodyness, unequal to the duty of watching the Satanic brood of the Public schools. But if the police can tell us nothing about this crime ; if it defies inspection, how does a studious philosophical bishop happen to know all about it ? There is the mystery. If there exists a terrible amount of "educated crime," somebody must have been injured by it, or offended by it. Crime by its very nature cannot but call attention to itself. And yet it appears in Melbourne to be only known to dreamers in comfortable arm-chairs, one of . whom is the Bishop's authority. On any . other subject his Lordship would at once; reject the thing this an absurdity. But , he has worked himself up to the a priore theory that crime ought to be the . result of ' secular education, that this ought to produce clever villians, and in tho absence .'of apparent, increase of crime, he finds its ghost in a random, vision of a mere dreamer, an apocryphal night mare of "a new species of crime " which is too clever for detection, and as it is described, too innocent to hurt anyone. "Wool on the Sack and Wool in the Head.— Professor Jaeger lias been advising what we thought every old woman knew by .experience, that woollen clothing is the most healthy. What he adds by way of corollary about its aptitude to repel the unamiable gases and to retain the amiable ones, is merely the red cloth of the spirit healer.— Bosh ! Grafton.— A correspondent, under, date October' 14, .writes as follows : — It is now some time since . you have been troubled, with any correspondence from this part of the country ; but I trust that the foregoing report of one of our mott successful and unanimous meetings will let the many readers of the Standard in general, and the' Orangemen in particular, see that No. 79 still exists, and is doing its utmost to help' on the good cause. In point of number we are not quite so strong as formerly,— but our aim is to admit only good men and true. Election matters are just now occupying atten: tion on the Clarence — three gentlemen having ;been announced as likely to contest the Grafton . 'electorate, viz: — Messrs. Stevenson, See, and Dean. I hear, however, the latter, who was going in on protection, has retired— leaving the \- ;contest between the two former, unless someone .else drops in before election day, whenever that .' maybe. Mr. Stevenson is looked upon as good as elected — Mr. See not being greatly thought of on account of his refusal at last ejection, to give a decided answer re the Education Question. The former. gentleman's views on all the leading questions of the day are very good, and he placed them before the electors, at his various meetings, in a very clear and straightforward manner. He believes in the present bill, so far as it goes, but is in favour of free, secular, and compulsory education, and having been for a number of years a resident of Grafton, where his property is, I do not thiulc the electors' can; fail to return him at tho head of, the poll by a largo majority. For the Clarence portion Mr. Purvee has announced himself ; but the Protestant gentleman (?) who actod as the tool of. the Catholics at last election here, is to be; nomi-- natod in opposition, I hear. The result, how ever, will be all the same. ' Envious Detraction.— We are sorry that the Sydney papers of the "patriotic", stamp,, have nothing elso to declaim upon than the action of the Queeningiving to Mr; JohnDaviosthemarkof her honour of O.M. G-. : : Every paltry loon, -who would be glad of the smallest distinction , which; the country can' give, lifts his voice against the mark of distinction which/Mr. John Davies has obtained. He is exhibited as being, " every thing, anything, nothing," but the fact is this; that those detractors who complain, would con descend to be "nothing, anything, everything," if they could get a title, M.L.A., J.P., or C. C.B. , " Companion at the Corporation Baths " ! Envy always puts on a patriotic face. Tho most innocent and self-denying patriot is always' the man who says that he would not accept a "' Sir " or an " Earldom," if it were offered him. And yet, if. the Duke of Edinburgh comes to thiscolony ; oriftheDuke of Manchester appears, those most zealous patriots would think them selves happy if tho sprig of royalty deigued to look upon them; Wo feel sure that the papers which are now making merry about Mr. Davies ' getting a C.M.G., would go out of their skins, : and - their editors would become mad iwith : delight, if there was the slightest chance of a C.M.G., coming their way ! Fancy Sir B. Archibald, or the Hon. P. Mains, C.M.G. ! Pitt-street would go on fire!' Th.3 Town Hall.— We don't remember to have felt so indignant and pained, ' in any public 'matter, as we -felt at the conduct of the Council in connection with: the Town Hall foundation affair. On the face , of the proceeding there is evidently the trail, of personal animosity. Mr, John Young cannot , forgot the bad building of the wall of the Alfred Park Exhibition- Hall, and his loss- of ; £1000, by: the honest award of- . the arbitrators. Mr. John McEihone is notorious for his .finding out mares' nests, and talking libels /against respectable men on the flimsiest evidence. These: two have set their minds together to damage the City Avchiteet ; they have tried it often before,: but having hitherto failed, : they, seem desperate at last to effect their purpose before both of them go back to - the obscurity from which they sprang. We have not the slightest doubt that they will fail, again. The City Council cannot be so brutal as these two would wish to make it. They have meanwhile, however, perpetrated a monstrosity which none but personally malicious traducers could possibly be guilty of. By their influence and manoeuvring these two managed to get architects to examine the foundation of the new Town Hall, and they have got a report which seems to please them. But how monstrous that that report should have been discussed and published, without the City Architect being permitted to make his explanation and defence ! No man's character is safe if thiB be the way of attacking public officers. The most ordinary sense of justice might have directed tho course of delay in making such charges public until the gentleman condemned had been informed of the matter and had had time to explain. These men would hang their victim first and try him afterwards. But if they have done a gross injustice towards a public officer, what is to be said of the oonductof the Telegraph innotonlypubliBhing the report , but commenting on the affair, as if the case had been proved, and as if the architect had no defence to make ? Was not this an iniquity which says very little in favour of "the freedom of the Press. " It is an outrage which no respect able paper could perpetrate. The most villanous sensational sheet, could not have acted more basely. Why should the Telegraph presume that the report of the three architects shuts up the matter? Why should that paper presume that the facts could not be explained so as at least to relieve, the architect from the foul charges which have been hurled against him ? That paper has prejudiced the public. That paper has said "guilty " before the trial. That paper has villanously. assailed a professional gentleman, who, from his position, is precluded from "making a usual reply. And this is the ' ' freedom of the press " ! A press conducted -like this would be a curse infinitely more to be, dreaded by the public than anything that has- ever been heard of in( the . Supreme Court. The "press" that talk's so much about its " rights" ought to know that other people have rights as well as editors. But the Telegraph is no exception to the class to which it belongs— it can speak .about justico, and, at the same time, trample justice under its feet. We have no doubt that an alarm has been created which , the. true facts of the case will not warrant. Okurcfc Assemblies — Last week the ' 'Con gregational Uuion" held its usual meeting, transacted its business, and informed the public of the progress which the churches which it represents are making in the colony. Several of the items reported were encouraging and satis factory. This week the " General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church " is holding its annual meetings. It commenced its sittings on Tuesday evening last, when the Rev. Henry Macready was chosen Moderator. There is a large amount of business to be transacted, and the sittings will continue till towards the end of next .week, , ; — These religious assemblies are the gatherings of free men, and exhibit to the world the prin ciple of ' ' religious freedom " in one of | its most important operations. They are/not conclaves of ecclesiastics, working in the dark, with closed doors, under the eye of some human authority, and inventing shackles with which to bind and enslave the people. They are gather ings of men who are equal, representing' the people whom they. '.' serve," for,. the, purpose of arranging and directing work, and reporting, to each other what has been done. . They acknow- ledge " One Head," and they claim to be nothing more than" brethren.", Their meetings are in open day, and the people are invited to attend and hear and see for themselves. The Press is present, and the discussions are the free speech of men who think and speak for themselves- according to their own ability. It is true that- free speech has its abuses; but there is no cure for the abuses but the freedom of speech. It is- tiue that all the speakers , arc fallible ; and that . what is . spoken is according to:, the varying opinions which are hold ; but tho safest way to- - approach the infallible, is the unfettered liberty pf .opinion and debate. . These assemblies are a- g(reat and distinctive feature of. Protestantism.- They standout in the most perfect contrast with the chief . feature of Popery. Popery has shut doors, secret /plottings, exclusion of tho people,: and authority at Rome. Protestantism has- open doors,; free discussion, cooperation of the people, and authority in Heaven. It is said that- ' this- last breeds ." sects;" and "that the former secures "unity." The fact/ is the opposite. In the Papal Church moro sects and heresies- have been bred than in the Protestant Church ;. and the unity of Popery is the unity oE . repression, of the fire, of tho fusion of anathemas to perdition, with bell, book, and candle ; but the, unity of Protestantism is the-' unity of. truth, with all .the variety" of' truths, many sidedness. The unity of Popery 'is the surrender of wind and conscience to tho . Pope ; the - /unity 'of Protestantism / is the- substantial agreement of men, who are honestly asking, 1 ' What is the , mind /of Christ ?" ' The- unity of Popery is- the dead unity of all men being Cadavera, to be moved in ' certain ways, by 'galvanic strings ; the unity of Protestantism, is: the. '/living unity of men whoso life and i motion are natural. The unity, of Popery is -the- unity of au army whoso soldiers are all machines to: advance,, retreat,, stand at ease, or shed: blood as. they are advised by their - general; but/the unity of Protostantism is the unity of: men. who have equal rights to think , and speak, and' who agree iu object and co-operation-: .when reason and confidence have shown them what is best. So long as there are maintained amongst us free religious . church assemblies, so long the . principlo of civil and religious- liberty is safe in the land. Dark priestly con claves mean a world of slaves. '' 