The Evening Sbbvick. Dr. Hale attended the eveuing service at St. Mark's, and preached the sermon. The church was crowded iu every part The Rov. J as. Matthews said prayers, and the Kev. £. C. Oslmrn read the lessons. The hymns chosen for the occasion were those of Whitsunday, and were suitable fur the day as well as the cere mony of confirmation which had taken place in the afternoon. His Loudhuip chose for his text the 62nd verse of the 13th Chapter of the Acts of the Aj>ostles—" And the disciples were filled with joy, and with the Holy Ghost.'' The reverend prcachor pointed out that never a day passed over but some blessing was re* ccived from God for which they arc bound to be thankful. On the day wiiich they were celebrating* viz., Whitsunday, had descended one of the gre.it.wt gifts that had becu given to mankind. That was the gift of tongues which descended on the apostles aud others who we«*e to preach Christ s Gospel. It was, with the exception of the gift of God's son, ; the greatest gift of all. The prophets of old had foretold it, and fit. Peter informed his brcthreu that it was the gift which bad bceu promised by God through the prophets Isaiah. Joel, and others. The bles ed Savioi r bad also promised that he would seud them u Comforter, which should abido with them for ever. lie told them that they would have trouble, and would be despised aud persecuted, but the Holy Ghost would descend and com fort theui. Such had been the case. It was a great gift, and it had comforted his ueoplc ever since the days of the apostles. People were continually in danger, both to body and soul; but the danger to the body was nothing compared with the danger of the sooL Many persons were watohful and kept a keen look out for the dangers of sin, but for all that temp tations besot tuem. Bat the Holy Spirit en lightened the mind and assisted them to keep the con»cicDce tfive to the dingers and tempt.i tiona which besot them. It came down as a comforter to those who nought i s help, *dd spoke words of wisdom and guidance, und -taught the jk>ot sinner that the blood* of Jesus Clrtiat was «hed to blot out their «ina. It was the Holy Spirit which as sisted to bring the »iuner to a knowledge of his wickodncbs, and lead hiin to his Saviour in order that he might seek repentanco. There were many ways in which the Holy Spirit worked in the minds of uian as a Comforter. In the time of trouble, of sorrow, of grief— and man was born to trouble as the sparks fly upwards—these times occurred daily, the blessed Spirit of God when properly sought acted the part of the Comforter. When all others failed, this was the friend which soothed the heart. After dwelling lengthily upon the circumstance mentioned in the text, and the occasion on which the disciples were fi led with the Holy Ghost, he concluded hy saying that the Holy Spirit was a gift sent down from licavcu to all who fervently prayed for it. All who sought to make their bodies a lit teuiple for the Holy Ghost should pray to God earnestly and continually, and he would send them His Holy Spirit—that peace which nassclh all understanding—eo that eventually they tniftfit be brought to his ever* lasting Kingdom. The Bishop again spoke in an earnest manner, and was listened to by the large congregation with the closest attention. 