MILLIOENT ON MAMMOTH. (To the Editor of the Border Watch.) I Bih,-Your correspondent " Millleent'"' gefltna offended at mo comparing hiin to a gosling, forgetful of the fact that a goose saved the Capitol. When ho does as much for Millicent as the gander did for Home he frill be entitled to a similar goose niche in the Temple of Fame. His letter in a recent ]SBUQ Is, however, such a hodge-podge of mules, fools, fiddlers, Kerry idiots, and rotten eggB, that I fancy he must have been amongst tho drains when ho concocted it; and QyettV then be resembles Bad Sisyphus, with many a weary step and many a groan rolling his cask'of ale up tho hill. I wonder how lie discovered that Job's Behemoth means a mammoth. Behemoth means great beast, but it does, not necessarily follow that great beast means mammoth, any more than it means Millicent, and he is com pletely off his eggs when ho asserts that mammoths have been Been, not *' like thin ghosts or disembodied creaturcs, but with their blood and bonvs, and flesh and fea tures." One mnmmotb, it is Baid, was so seen near the White Sea; nt any rate: tho Siberians who occupied a neighboring yurt affirmed that in 1825 a mountain of ico toppled over and exposed beneath it a wool covered mam moth BO freah that when tho bears and wolves tore it it bled. But I deny the assertion, aud any Highland or Norwegian shepherd will bear me out and prove that braxy never bleeds. But even if it were true, it proves nothing beyond the fact that the mammoth was older than the mountain of ice. A French philoso pher bus affirmed that animals in a state of torpitude, or perishable matter-flesh for in stance-frozen up would remain undecayed throughout all eternity if no external agen cies disturbed their condition. And if his doctrino is correct, the mammoth in question may be twenty thousand or twenty millions of years old. Job, however, was a poet; and Millicent being a fictionist naturally, ap peals to .he evidence of the poets, backed by the egg-BUcker.s of Kerry, who seom to be kindred. spirits of his. The skeleton of a man found hy M. lUviere, an eminent French naturalist, in a railway cutting near Genoa, was found in and partly incorporated with a deposit considerably older than any of the plioceno strata. In the cave of Neander thal, near Dussoldorf, Germany, one hun dred anil twenty feet beneath the surface, and in a position it could not by any possi bility have reached alter the rock hardened, Dr. Fublrott, of Elberfeldt, a very eminent philosopher, and the best Bcholar of the age, found the skeleton of » man complete ; and Professor Huxley, who carefully examined it and the rock iu which it was found, pro nounced it older than the earliest pliocene period. In the Engis cavern, eight miles from Liege, three human skeletons complete were found in a deposit more ancient than the strata in which the remains of the mam moth have been at any time found. At Natchez, in the delta of the Mississippi, a human skeleton was discovered embedded in a kind of clay entirely unknown, and sup posed to be of higher antiquity than any of the pliocene periods. At any rate, Sir Chas. Lyell thought so; but that wonderful indi vidual, the Millicent Solon, or rather Solan Goose, assures us that Lyell was "a blun derer," and man's advent only of yesterday. What! The philosopher whose household words ran through twelve editions, which included hundreds of thousands of copies -In a few months ? Can it be possible that he is " a blunderer?" It must be, for the vicar of bray, Mr. Millicent, has said it. Yes ! the man whose writings are translated into every language spoken under the canopy of heaven is a mere blunderer; and a long eared gentleman at Millicent made the dis-" covery. M. Christol found in the cavo of Bize, in the department of the Oisc, human boncq pud teeth, with flint hatchets' arid spear heads', and the remains of several extinct animals, all cemented together in the same mud and peeble; and shortly thereafter he found» in the Cave of Foiuilres, near Nismes, human bones cemented in one solid lump with those of an extinct hyena and rhinoceros, boith of which belong to a period far more remote than that of the mammoth ; but as " Milli cent" pronounces Lyell a fool, he will pro bably denounce M. Christol as a knave. It is alwayB painful to enter into discussion with a person who knows exactly nothing of the subject ho controverts, because you have not only to convince, but instruct him also; and conceited folks are wonderfully pig-headed-rushing in where angels fear to tread. I believe it would be a hopeless task to try to remove a mouutaiu, and equally hopeless to attempt to convince " Millicent" against his will, for a certain patient animal will bray even when it is disguised in the garb of Leo ; and it is useless to exclaim to it, " Now doff that lion's hide, and hang a calf's skin on your iccreant limbs," fur ganders will be ganders still, even in Milli cent. But " Millicent" accuses me of atheism, probably because I have denounc ed others with him as blinder leaders of the blind, and refused to accept their interpre tations-measuring the witch of Endor and the witch of Dornock with the samo ell that is with common ienae. The witch of Endor raised Samuel from the dead, or, at ary rate, Saul fancied that fthe did BO j and the witch of Dorlioch, solato us 1722-the other day, comparatively speaking--was convicted, on the evidence of * " witch-finder," that is, sn informer, before a sapient judge and twelve wise Dornoch jurj'men, of raising the dead also, and was burnt for so doing. Now, I don't and can not believe in the Dornoch finding, and why should I deliver myself over, body and bones, to the old lady of Endor? But what in the name of theseven,donkey s has atheism to do with the testimony of the rocks," and why should Millicent go hobbling away from rum to religion, from flint hatchets to theology ? The - stratified rocks were not formed by Budden catastrophes-as Mr. Millicent and foany-other persons imagine-but by a slow and dreary deposition and in very tranquil water. Nor did the creatures whose remains are found in them perish from sudden con vulsions in land or sea, for they are found in all the formations, from the silurian to the chalk, and had their greatest development in the oolite period. We fix the epoch of each olass guided by the strata in which it is found, and why should man be an exception to the rule ? if the bones of man are found commingled with the boneB of the pre Adamite rhinoceros, of the geologic hyena, or the more modern mammoth, what right has Millicent or any other person to conclude that they were drifted there at long subse quent periods? In the present superficial stratum of the earth the remains of animals very speedily perish, leaving no traces be hind, and in the Roman cemetries of Britain not one vestige of humanity remains. , Some of tlie ancient strata were, however, highly favorable to the preservation of such remains, and as human bones are frequently found in these strata, I contend that it is no more than, reasonable to conclude that man existed while these strata were being de posited, and: it will require evidences more convincing than the puerile see-saws of jMilliccnt to decoy me into an opposite opinion. He'is quite entitled to entertain his opinion of the origin of flint hatchets, and lie may if he pleases deny that they were fashioned by: human -Viands, but I myself once found one buried deep in an ancient stratum, and one glance at the implement itself would overthrow all bis arguments if he argued for a thousand years. Job was somewhat of a geologist as well as a poet, for be says "you may acquire knowledge from the stones of the earthbut Millicent will not learn knowledge from, stones or bones, either in the earth'or.out of it-there is so much of the mill-stone grit in his own com position.; < Millicent is like a young bear-be has -his''Jmammbtbs in front, but if by a copious use of goose grease he can cultivate whisSeiB under bis nose, I will then meet him as Greek meets Greek,, or like Roderick Dhu and the 8axon. Like gentleman Jack Von, I have made a rule not to .spar with unfledged juveniles-therefore, Mr. Millicent, ilintil yon become more of a barbarian than you aie, farewell. J. GRASSIE. 