TERANG STATE SCHOOL. The annual distribution..'of: thisprizes fiven by Mr. Niel Black to the scholars attending the Terang State School took placa in tha Terang Mechanics' Institute on Friday List. The Eev. S.~Fraser took the chair. The chairman, in" opening the 'proceed ings, >exprested . the.,pleasure:i he felt in. prefiding on the present occasion. He regretted extremely that the personal and family affliction which Mrs Black ex perienced during the year had made it impossible for her to "be present" to dis tribnte the prizes iii person, and she had therefore commissioned him to perform that ceremony. He impressed upon the young people present the necessity of remembering that their education was not completed wheu they quitted school and flung their lesson books aside, that it'was in fact only commencing. The rev. gentle man referred to the necessity of ■ physi cal education, the desirable accomplish ment of being able to walk well, 'as boys' particularly were far too fond of riding. He regretted that no action had be'en taken in teaching boys to swim, although there ■was a lake at uo great distance rery suit able for the purpose, -fie had been re quested by Sirs Black to intimate that she would in future share with the Board of Advice the honour and privilege, ofi con tributing to a fund to purchase prizes for the scholars, as she thought the subject had only to be mentioned to secure the. cordial co-operation of the members of the board. He hoped that- a prize would be offered for an examination in natural history—a description of all the plants and animals descending to the minutest insect, to be found say. within half-a-mifeofLakeTerang. He reminded the audience that the head- teacher, Mr P. Carmichael, had been twenty-one years in charge of the school, and, considering the migratory disposition of tiachers and the obstacles to their remaining many years in one place he thought that Mr Car michael, unlike the rolling stone that gathers no moss, should be presented with a suitable testimonial on completing his "majority." He knew that he had as auch of the confidence and respect of the par- nta ax the preneut time as ha ever h?h The fol'owiiig report was then read by tbe heat-teacher:— In submitting my report on the state of school f. r tie past year, I have first of all to ?polrg.?o for my presence here at all on tb?~- -ent occasion. Some ofyouwillra- Eember that last year I expressed my belief tfart tfarttaght Wt£ la* oeaAm oa wblch I ttodS have tke pta?n of aimtr. ing brfoi* joil, and I really believed at the time that it ironld; bat the Education De parbLent would not let me go, and here I am still. It waa generally believed by my young friends that when 1 left last Christmas they had seen the last of me, and I was in formed subsequently that 'that ' baneful tribe, to whose malicious ingenuity we oWe all the stories about ghosts and fairies which used to make my hair stand on end when I was a little boy, frightened them out of their wits by circulating a report that I was to ba raccecded by a twrible man whose little ringer was thicker than my loins, and who would chastise them with scorpions while 1 was content to chastise with whips. Bat the danger passed away, and I cannot refrain from expressing my gratitude to the Giver of all good that dnriug all these years my position *v not once seriously imperilled, while in man* parts of the district teachers have had their feelings cruelly lacerated, assailed by grievous storms, with the thunder and the fire run ning along the ground, while this has been by comparison a laud of Goshen. In every school district occasional collisions with' parents are inevitable. It is a fearful thing to hurt a child. The parental instincts arc up in arms at once. The great bulk of parents cmi, however, be reasoned with and perstudtd that a little-chastisement is a wholesome thing; but the chief difficulty is with that portion who love their children well but not wisely—who maintain that Solomon wai a fool when he enjoined the use of the red, and these people will sometimes get a Minister of Education.to back them. In dealing with such we have sometimes to retire from the contest in search of more effective weapons, and in desperate cases to ttep back with the object of-making a for ward spring that will carry everything be fore it. In spite of these drawbacks, so far as I am personally concerned, I believe that if the parents had the power they would only trtat me as his moat gracious majesty- George IV. considered himself as- having once been treated by a writerin a newspaper published in. Edinburgh, called the Scotsman. King George was guilty of many unkiugly vices, and the audacious scribe told him so in very plain terms.' One of his courtiers urged the King by a great stretch of his royal prerogative tt nuUce it hot for the Scotsman. : The good-natured monarch mercy said,."Let the Scodmultt shave me, he will be very sorty to cut me." The position of the school during the past year, judged by what the public lay most weight on, the percentage of results, shows an. im provement, on tbe ; . previous year,- being 52.997, showing an advance of nearly 1 per cent. L=st year the school was in this re spect the third in the Western District, now 1 believe it is the second, and I am not sure that it U not the first, if?due allowance be made for the character of the population the almost total ivantof a middle ch'ss,' whose _ children attend - with ■ unvarying regularity, and-'the - preponderance-* m a laSouiing population who often—too ofUn— keep their children at home to add to the resources of the family, though I could mention many hoiforable exceptions to the rale. Jt is probable .that the prizes, if continued for another - year, will be placed on a different footing; but, whatever change : iu.iy.take,place, 1 hope that good behaviour as well' as cleverness will be 'taken into ac count in awarding them. Some scholars, whose papers were such as to entitle;' them to a prize, have been so heavily handicapped, through their own bad behavionr, that they are out of the race. I hope this willserye as a warning ia the futuro. The whooping cough thst has prevailed daring the last three months has seriously interfered with the prugitts uf the school, and the attend ance hoj Leen very much reduced.' There is every reason to believe that the attendance will come np to the usual average after the holidays. 1 cannot close this report with out referring to the changes that the natural W.nf mortality has produced in thzpcrwn rulbi this gathering. Our honored chair man of last year has gone, and consequently the sad associations connected. with the ceremony have, in her present state of health, prevented Mr?, ihek from cheering us with her presence, lean never forget the interest that the latehon. Juel Black took in this school, the appreciation of its efficiency . which he expressed both in public and private, and his fatherly kindness to myself.. The interest, which he took in tie procresa of the district gcuei ally lias made hu loss se verely felt. - The following is the inspector's report:—The classification and the arraage menta for carrying on the work are satisfac tory. The school has passed a good exami nation. The programme is observed. ; The discipline is on the whole satisfactory. Records are- correctly kept, and-completed to date. 'Ales." Stew-act, Inspector of Schools. September 10.1880.',' •-.? *',? : The prizes were then distributed by the chairman..,. , . ~-, "•---. "-"■> \ •■■'- The Ref. E. O. Knee, in moving a'vote of thanks jto Mis. Black for the valuable prizes just distributed, expressed his con currence with the remarks of the chairman in reference to the utility of the study of natural history, aud thought that, should the examiner* be so disposed, they-might' give the enquiry somej latitude and treat of the natural history* of the "chairman himself and even of the august members of the Board of Advice. He expressed his high approval uf the remarks made by the head-teacher in bis report, and. he hoped that it .would be published -in the'local papers and a copy of it forwarded to the .Minister-of Public Instruction himsrlf. reference to Mr, Fraser's suggestion iii reference to a testimonial, .'he' believed although' the same thought occurred, to him, that it would come as a pleasant sur prise if the subject - had not been publicly mentioned; and, he'occasioned much mer riuient by referring -to; a testimonial .to himself an^ested in a. manner somewhat similar, but which never carue-oil,-he' alto, spoke ih'hish] termsof'tiie'efHcisiicy of the assistant, Miss Malcolm, y* . j t -| \; *Drl Jack, "in a few well-chosen" senten ces,seconded the ruot on, wliichrwa3 car ried witli .-icclaniatii.n. '•■ " "'■'-' j-..._ ■;Jlr. John. Hortie proposedJ aO Vote of thanks .to the cliainnan. fl _ -,- .'■■■ i >v , The scholars theii marched off to a pic-nic given in Mr. SlcWilliam'a paddock, when both o!d and young enjoyed theuiselvea I amazingly. --.;-•. , r-: ■■ ' ■ -/m-; ." .;; ™f f The following is the prize list:— : '.'■":■'.- I • ■' SixtuClass:— Boys—Stephen Parker, 1; Victor Ellis, 2.. Giilj—^Mary-McNamaral -1 ;Leura Walker, 2.■•■:■■ ....,, Fifth Class.—Hoys—Matthew. Langi 1; John Taylor, 2.- -Girls—Sarah ioniimore, 1; Mary-AnneiSJaxV 2. =?-?*-.-.?= •?:.-.?, Foueth CLAS^-^Boys—Engene Hairs, 1; Daniel Parker 2. Girls—Catherine Son nelly, ITCUra-Angove72."^— ~—: • • i:- Tniiii. Class.—Boys-:D??aj|eAlillan; I; ,WUl>am Curfie, 2. Girls—-Adelaide Sc?wji, 1; Hannah Searl, 2., rr;:. ~-. ; . ■■.- \- Secoki?: Class.—Boy?—Joseph Hairs, 1; Herbert Brann, 2.r Girln^Catherine Gil lespie, ;1 ; Alary Ellen Noonan, 2. ■ ■ Fiest Class.—Seoibr^oys-^Jolui Little 1; Ernest: Beahau, 2..- Girls— Alice Gillejpie,l; Annie JlcXamai^ 2. Middle Boys—James Graham 1; Edwin No*rthe:st, 2. Girls— Alice SearU 1; JessseSonter, 2. ! Fibst" Cljss.—Junior B-ys—John Gil lecpie, 1; Thomas Aberlyne, 2.. Girls Jane* HorneU; Catherine Home, 2.. .; ' ■'-' 4 Xeedle-wobk—Leura Walker," 1; Clan Angovf.2.- v .•■^-'.-r> ;..:•.. i ; 