SUPERT DALLAS. ] POC?'THE TRHID. ' THE AUTIIIr'S NARRATIVI'E. OIiA'PTER III. ATEn his interview with his ifaughter, Jas. Marr proceeded to Laribeth Road, walkiung at a swinging pace every step of the way. In the present fever of his blood, he could not have endured to sit still in a vehicle, however swiftly it might. have boon driven. By action alone could he keep down his ox citoment, which otherwise must hrave burst forth in some ebullition that might have brought upon him the suspicion of mad tr5ss. But rapidly as he wallked, Rebecca Slmift >I contrived to keep hinm in view ; and when :the door of the house closed behind him, lihe stood irresolutely a little distance off, muttering to herself in a wild, incoherent manner, as though.in mental debate. Mrs. Rushton, who Was seated in the parlour. at needlework, looked unp inquir ingly as Marr strode into the room with his heavy stop and filshed face. "I have found her," he cried. " I have found her at lastl I I have soon her, imnd.I have hlold her in my arms I" he "added exultingly. 'A-dark shadow fell upon Mrs. Rushton's face at those words, anid she lowered her head over her work. S" lhe is that.villain's wifo,"' he went on, excitedly; " but lhe is false to her, rind ihas left her." "Is it such a strange thing for men to be false to their wives," cried Mrs. ]nishton, with a oontemptious curl of her lip, " that you ihould, grow so excited oyoer it-you Sabove,'all inon ? ' " That reproach does not come well fioom your lips,"' said Marr sternly ; " but it is useless for you, and I to begin reerimina tioiis, more especially now when I.lhave such important matters to discuss. As I have told you, my daughter is deserted by this villain". Uilnder these circumnstances she, has ibut otio r'efgeo,heir.r itfther's roof." A" reyoud mad ? ". 'cried Mirs. Riuslton. " You would trust that .girl " plico the secret of your.' lifo' in her hands? That wodman's . child shall ,nevoer come beneath my;roofl" Then I will seek another that shaill ,shelter her," said Mairi*, rising. S" stay for n m`oment andi hear': reasoni'," oried. the woman, interposinig horislf be tweeon him and the door. " lot it"s t least talk the 'thing through.' I have saved you more than once; against your will; from the consequences of your rash folly, and you have thanked me afterwards;' and so you shall this time. 13y undertaking tho charge of liis wife, yoent at oncooconfess to 'Wilbye that you are James Marr. Hlie may know the faot" already ; he may not, and you arouse the mlieoo of an unsorupulous man, wlio has but to look oit .of the window and , call the first policeman who passes to be rid of you and your interference ofor over." : l.'lio mau groaned and gaished his teeth at the thought of his own powerlessness, "TThon whiat am :I to do ? "'oe 'exclaimed. : Let whlat \villl happen; I will not ibandon : And wlinatis tlhe origin . of this: sudden paternal affection for a child whom for six teen years you never saw nor cared whether she was living or dead ?"' "r: ,: "' W.lit could I care for .one I hlid never seen ? " he retorted. " But froni the moment'I did seeoo her, I began t 'love liar ; she looked so pretty, so gentle and pitying, although half terrified at mty rulffianly' ap pearaunce the first day I over saw hiir, that it did not seem possible that shd could be long to me. I felt mad to think that this young creature was my own daughter, and that I dared not claim-dared never to hope to have her near mo. And yet how well Inust that' stony-hoearted woman have guarded lher to lot her fill into the hands of that wolf. Why, she could not have done worse had she been with me 1 " Although Mrs. ltrshton listened to this speech, her thoughts wore busy with plots and schemes. It was useless to run counter to this man. That would only serve to in croaso his obstinacy. She must tomploriso. " Well, if you are hobt upon it, there is nothing more to be said," she answered with a shrug. " But, I think I can find a better way of accomplishing your wishes than by defying Wilbyo, and running your hand into a inoose. Supposo we at once soouro a passsage in the first ship that sails for America and take her with us I" " The very thing I " he cried eagerly. " I will go back to her at once and propose the plan." " Secure the borths first, so that she may have no time for ro-consideration." Marr looked at her for a moment suspici. ously. "Do you mean what you say? You are not playing a double game with me ? " "Can you thinkt of a bhotter way of bring ing about what you desiro ?" askedi tho woman calmly. He was silenout, lIe could not. The monotonous click of liar noodle was the only sound that broklo the silnllcno. Sho was seated beside the window in such a position that, while commandinig a full view of one oend of thIe road, the looped curtain screened lher from the observation of the paseor-by. As she stopped to tlhread a needle or shift her work, she cast a casual glance through the window. Suddenly sho dropped lher work upon lher kneo and ga?zed out fixedly and earnestl'y. Gradually a look of foear, of frightoned re cognition, stole o\ver lher flaeo. "James l" sho whlispcrod in a low, torrified voice, shrinlking farther holind the curtains, yet never removing lher eyes from the object which fascinated them; "come hero." Io started out of his revlerio; alnid alarmed at' the oxpression of lher countenance, crossed over to her. " Keeoop bok I-kep back I " shIe criod. "Horo--just helo e Now, peCp through thatr oponing, and toll inoe what you sea." I soo a woman standing agai~nst a pillar post nt the cornor," he answoroed. "'Hii- back is towards us. Wait till sheI turns round," said Mrs. Rushl.on in the sanine Whispored voice. " She is waltching thishouso. There, look-look ! Who does that face remind you of 7 " 2hMar" starod for a rmorent; and as he di:sb, the colour d(ied gradually out of his ooiuntonanco. " It cannot be she 1" he cried in a voice that shook with fear. " As sure as you are a living man it is " answered his companion. '' Impossible I" he answered.. "Where could she come from ? Abigail told me she was dead years ago." "Living or dead, I tell yeo'it. is she l Changed and awful as the face is, can you fail to recognise it? Can you mistnakeo those wild, burning oyes? Since I have" caught sight of her they have scarcely bee .off this house a moment. Sthe has in some way tracked you hither. She knows you are here at this moment, and is waiting for heaven knows what I ' she added with a shudder. Their oyes meot in a look of mortal terror. W lhat is to be done ? " he asked. "You must be got out of 'tliis house without a umomitnt's delay," shte aiswored, beginning to recover from the helplessness of her fear. "And leave you to battle witli that tiger I ". he dried. " Wlhat do you take me for?" . " I do not fear her. I can ejill in tih police to save myself from personal violonce -you dar6 not," she answered, firmly. " I am on speaking .terms with a neighbour whosoe garden joins ours at the end. Boldly leap over the wall and ask permiseiion to plass through their house, vwichli opens upon a street at the back. I will invent some story byaund-by to account for it;: but you must not stand upon trifles. Make lfor the Blackfriars station and take the, first train for Kingstown. Hero :is, the. key' of the: house; there you will bo safe uliiil I can oomo to you. You hlave theio oney.: See I she is coming over to the house; if you hositateo we are both lost:. I toll you I am safe alone." She hustled him from the room much against his will. :'He h lid' scarcely cloeared the passage before thoro was a sharp rap at the door. " Mary,"_ said Mrs. l1ushton, meeting the oservant as she came up the kitchen stairs, " there is a woman at the door; show her into thie front parlour, whoever she may ask for. Having done that, go out and bring in the first policeman you moot ; take him down the area stops into the kitchen and eoop him there until you hear me call out for help, then lot him come up on the instant." The servant, who was a confidential one, undorstanding and promising to obey these injunctions, Mrs. IRushton passed into her liod-chamber, which was separated from the sitting-room only by a pair of folding doors, now closed. Her face was white as marble. " For a time,"- she muttered, " until Mary can find a policeman and bring him herb 1 shall be alone in the house with this tigress \--long enough for her to kill me." She listened breathlessly. . " A tall man with a black board' came into this house a little time ago. I must see him," she hoard a harsh voice say, whose tones thrilled her likeo a galvanic shock. She heard the servant ask the dreaded visitor to step into the parlour ; she heard the strange footsteps in the passage; the parlour door close ; then the street door. ' She was alonoe in the house with her enemy. She could hoar" the voice muttering indis tinot .words; :.sli could hear the footsteps. iandering restlessly about the room ; then appioach the Tolding-doors; then a hand placeood liboithb'lbck. Great heavens I was it fastened 9; darted upon her torror-strioken mind. The oswinging open of the panels sartlingly :iuswedr -tho question. The next ioiint tlio, two women ywore Rae to face . Ti; i rATiioflon's NAISIATIVIi The two womon hId met at last. RIigid, and marbleofaeed ;iMrs. Rushton confroited her enemy. For. a moment Rebecca Skaife stood rooted to the ground, speechless with amaze mont. This was indoed an unlooked-for mooting. But gradually her wild, black oyes dilated within their dark caverns and seemed to omit sparks of fire. Then she stood quite still, glowering upon her victim, the same deadly, malicious smile gradually over sproading the haggard face as when it pooped out of the shadows at James Marr. "So, Sarah Dallas, at last we moeet," she said in a voice whoso deadly calm was all the more awful from the evil, demoniac expression of the countenance. " Where is my husband ? " she asked. " Safe from your malico," answered the other, watching her as one would a wild boast when fearful of its spring. " And he has loft, you as a hostage," said the other, grimly. " Wel'\Vl, I don't know whether I am not pleased with tho change." With a sense of hearing sharpened to agonizing acutoness, Mrs. Rushton listened for Mary's return; but she felt that she was alone with a madwoman. " And so James Marr has left you to boear the brnut of all ? " wons, on lRobecoa, with a laugh. " And what do you expect at my hands now we are alone, Sarah Dallas ? What do you think you deserve ?--you who robbed muo of my husband and destroyed your own ? " "If I had any fear of you," answered Mrs. Rushton, steadily regarding her, "I should not have suffered you to entor the house ; but I have none. I have taken every precaution. I have but to raise my voice and help will be brought to inc." With a cry, Robocoa sprang forward and clutched at the speaker. But Mirs. Rusliton was quicker than alo, and darting boehind a table that stood near the boed, she seized upon the water-jug as a weapon of defenoe. .Instead of following up the immediate attack, liobecca turned to the doors--the folding ones which opened into the sitting room and another which opouened into the passage-and the keys of both being insido, quick as thoughlt, looked themo and took possession of the keys. " Now, what can you do ? " she cried, oxultingly; " whore is your help now ' I could kill you before it could come near you." Thore was a terrible conviction in her words. No sound yet of Mary's return. The wrotched woman gave herself up for lost; but she did not lose her conurago, "As you say, you could kill me," she retorted, boldly; " but only at the sacrifice of your own life, for escape would be impos sible to you." This argument seemed to make some impression upon Rebecca Slkife, for the aggressiveness of her attitude subsided, although the eyes were as threatening as over. "I don't know," she said after a moment's silence, "whether I should not be justified in ridding the world of such a woman as you." "If your husband transferred his love from you to me you have only yourself to blame," was the answer-" your own wild, ungovernable, evil temper which drove him fronth his home into vice and at last into crime." "You are defending him, not yourself," answered Rebecca, meeting the accusation more calmly than might have been expected. " What excuse can you muge 2 Your husband was a dotard in his love for you. For you he forfeited his honour, broke his plighted troth, and almost the heart of a beautiful and noble girl. And how did you reward his sacrifices ? By flying with James Marr within a twelvemonth after your marriage. You fled with my husband and left me to what fate ? When I think of it blood comes surging into my brain and I feel mad I " And she pressed her hand upon her fore head and groaned. No sound yet of Mary's return, and each moment- this woman lashing herself into a mad-fury. "For years," went on Rebecca, with momentarily increasing passion, " I have boon an outcast, a vagrant, shunned by every one, an alien from my own kindred, obliged to part with my child, and to be myself rooekoned among the dead. I have lived under the same roof with my child, waited on her as a servant, and have not dared, for very shame, to toell her who I was. All this I owe to you-to you I " And tearing off her cloak she raised her arms menacingly with the action of a fury and seemed to tower over the crouching figure of the woman behind the table. "Do you know what I have sworn a huldred times ? " she wont on, her arms suddenly dropping to her side and her voice changing to a tone of deep solemnity. "I have sworn that whenever we met I would kill you I " There was a silence of some seconds, during which only the laboured breathing of the two women could be heard. The servant would roturn only to find her dead, was Mrs. Rushton's thought. Terror had deprived her of speech; and what could she urge against the terrible truth of her accusation ? Nothing. But she still hold thewiater-jug in her hand and stood upon theo defensive. She would at least sell her life dearly. " And you have no word to say in your dofence-not one to withhold theo sentence of death being passed upon you ? " said Rebecca in the same deep, solemn voice like that.of-a judge condemning a criminal. I Irlar I The click of a lock-a faint sound of footsteps, of voices. They have come at last 1 " ' Help I help ! " The cry leaped from her throat involuntarily. It was echoed by another-snot of terror, but of fierceo rage; ancd the next moment she felt the bony fingors of Rebecca Skaife twining among her hair. The table had been overturned and her weapon of defence dashed from her hand. The cry has been heard; footsteps hurry up the kitcheou stairs; a body is pressing against the door--it strains, creaks, orashoes, and gives way. When Mrs. Rushton was sufficiently recovered to look round she found herself supported by the servant, who was holding a glass of water to her lips, and saw Mrs. Spoonsby and her son, who had just returned home, standing in the doorway with soared and wondering faces. In the contre of the room, still fiereo and defiant, the policeman beside her, stood Rebecca Skaifo. " Take that woman away," she said, shuddering. " I give her in charge for an atteompt upon my lifo." " You give moe in charge I" cried Rebecca, grimly. " You, the breaker of God's and manu's laws --you, who drove mo for years into a lifo of shame and misery I You give me in charge I But before I go these people shall know who and what you are. This woman years ago ran away with my husband, Jamos Marr. You will know the namo of James Marr "-to the policoman. " He has made himself ia noted man among you ; and lot me tell you that the story of his death was a sham, that he is still living, that ho1 was in this house not lshalf.an-hour ago, and this woman, if she chose, could toll you where Ihe is at the present moment. This woman was the wife of an honourablo manl-Captain Dallas of the --th Regiment, whoso affections she seduced from a young lady to whom he had been long engaged; and a twelvemonth after her marriage with him ran away with my husband, a swindler and a cheat, whom Captain Dallas main tained at his own cost, and who is now an escaped convict and a murderer, whom I will bring to the gallows yet." There was one person upon whom this speech produced a romarkable effect. That person was Mrs. Spoonsby. At the first mention of Captain Dallas's name her fcoe had assumed an expression of the most intense interest, and as Rebecca Skaifo proceeded in her disclosures it grow white as marble. Whatever Mrs. lushton might have felt at this terrible exposure, her features never relaxed from their pale rigidity. Secretive noess and passive endurance were the pro vailing qualities of her character. " If, ladies and gentlemen, you will retiro into the front parlour for a few moments asnd leave me with my servant, I shall then be ready to proceed to the station-house and make my charge against that woman for attempting my lifo." She spoke in a tone of the utmost calm noess and self-possession. "I should think," said the policoman, who was a young follow just raw from the country, with only a very dim idea of the duties of Ins situation, " that if you ladies was to make up your quarrel botwoon yourselves it would be much the best way." "I shall r'oess the charge," answered Mrs. Rushton, firmly. " My life is not safe until that woman is bound over to hoop the peace. As soon as I am dressed my servant shall fetch a cab." When the bedroom was cleared she turned to Mary and said, " quick I change clothes with me. I will go out to call the cab and shall not return. I leave the care of the house to you until you hear further from me." In less than five minutes the change of costume was complete. The two females were about the same height and figure, and the transmogrification of each was a very complete one. " I think you can go now, Mary, for the cab," she said in a voice loud enough to be heard in the adjoining room. "I will remain here iuntil you return." " Very well, ma'am," answered Mary in the same tone. Two minutes afterwards the supposed servant passed out at the street door, walked rapidly up the road, turned off into a by street, and started into a run. When her mistress had been gone about ten minutes Mary opened the folding-doors and walked into the parlour, and according to tlhe instructions Mrs. Rushton had given while dressing, she told the policeman that he could lot the woman go, as her mistress had changed her mind and would not proceed against her. " And whore is your missis ? " asked the functionary of the law. " Gone out of town and won't be back for a long time," was the sharp reply; " and as the house is left in my charge, I should like to be alone in it as soon as possible." Rebecca Skaifo broke into a fury at her enemy thus slipping through her fingers. The policeman looked foolish ; it began to occur to him that he had not been quite so sharp as he might have been in this busi. noess, more especially as it had been averred that the woman who had so abruptly departed was mixed up with an escaped convict and a murderer, although he had not boon in the force long enough to have heard of James Marr and his doings. "As there is no one to make a charge against this woman, of course she is free," said Mrs. Spoonsby to the policeman. During the time the group had beeoon waiting in the parlour she had had an earnest conversation with Rebecca Skaifo. He looked irresolute, but the application of half-a-sovereign wonderfully strongthened his mental fiaculties, and he at once declared his prisoner to be free. "Here is my card," said Mrs. Spoonsby; "you will perceive that I am not a resident in London, although staying in it for the present. I have boon lodging in this house until to-day ; now of course I shall have to find other apartments, of which I will send the address to the station-house. This person will go with me." And a cab having beeoon summoned, Mrs. Spoonsby, her son, and Rebecca Skaifo departed together. When Mr. Policeman made his report that night and mentioned the name of James Marr, lie created a considorable excitement in Mr. Inspector's breast; and no sooner did Mrs. Spoonsby, according to promise, forward her now address, than he at once proceeded thither, anxious to question the woman who had so positively declared that terror of the law to be still a living man. O5SATEI V. BAIARIA'S NAnnRATIcV . For two days I never rose from my bed, scarcely lifted my head from off my pillow, except to take such slight nourishment as the kindness of good old Irs. Somers forced upon me, but whioh my stomach loathed. It was not illness, but utter mental and physical prostration. I could see by the pitying looks and head-shakes and whisper ing confidences of those around me that fears were entertained for my life-that they thought I was sinking fast. How fervently I prayed that their fears might be realized I But it was not to be. Youth and a good constitition rallied even after this blow; and on the third day I crawled out of bed. The reflection of my face in the looking glass quito startled me-it was like that of a ghost. On that same morning came a letter from my husband. It's tone was coldly insolent; hero is a copy of it : My Dear Barbhar,-I write this letter of explanan tion in order that my abseonc may not be misinter proted. Probably some kind consolers may suggest for your comfort that 1 have doserted you; do not beolievo them. I shall continue as before to disclharge a husband's duties to the utmost, and when your jealous fit is over I shall return to you, but not befure. Let me impress upon you that for my pr!coett absence you have only yourself to blame. Your conduct on the night I returned from the concert was as unjustifiable as it was extraordinary. lBecause I arrived homo later than you expected you choseo to assunoe the air of an intensely injured woman and to launch upon my Lead mystorious accusations, the creation of your own morbid faIncy. Such is not the method to retain the love of such all one as I. Doubtless your ingenuity will connect the sudden departuro of your cousin with mine; and to a certain extent you will be right; but not in the sonse that your childish jealousy may attach to the circum stances. IIoaring of your strange bohaviour towards mo on the night in queCtion, and coupling it with your late hostile demoanour towards herself, she preferred to avoid, by leaving your house, any dis. ngroeable collision into which your present humour might thave led you. Neither was sho loss anxious to avoid a meeting with her husband, whoso jealous, exacting, and tyrannical temper hals rendered him odious to her. Under those circumstanceso she sought the proteo. tion of tho only person in London upon whose counseol she could rely-myeolf. You can inform Mir. Tom Ashton that it is usoloes for him to make any search after the wife whose oxicstnco he has embittered, as she in fully dotorminod never to see hint again. Should spleeoon and mortification however tempt him to indulge in any scandalous reports against either myself or Mars. Ashton, he will not be permitted to escape the legal punishment that he so weoll merits. I remain, dear Barbara, Your affectionate husband, WAvran. P.S.-I enclose you four five.pound notes for present necessities. I cannot describe the mingled sensation of amazement, bowildorment, and indigna tion which this audacious letter produced upon my mind. Its effrontery was so astounding that for a moment I asked myself, can this be tr uo ? Have my conclu sions been rash ones ? But upon reading this epistle tlhrough.a second timo its strained, artificial tone and the evidence of a purpose--although what that purpose was I Ihad no conception of at the time--was fully revealed to me., I thought of his threatoned return with a shudder. Not because there was any hatred against him in my heart, but because of the wrong he had done to poor Tornm; and now that he had ceased to love me I would rather never see him again. I do not mean to pretend that the bitter, fierce pangs of jealousy found no place in my heart-that I did not feel, beyond all the power of words to describe, my own cruel wrong-I was no more free from such passions than any other of my sex. Tom had gone down to Bristol by the mail-train on the previous night to see his employers and to tell them that a domestic calamity having happened to him he found it impossible to attend to any business for a time. Such an announcement was death to his future prospects ; but it was the only honest, straightforward course left open to him in his present. condition. I can never forget his first burst of grief and despair; it was something terrible to witness. I thought he would have gone mad. But after a time the violence of his emotion subsided into a silent gloom, still more painful, because his threats were muttered and the agony of his soul was unspoken. On the first day he had wandered about in a vague, wild way, trying to obtain sone: clue to the fugitives. How I dreaded lest lie should succeed I Wereo e and Walter to meet what might not be the consequences ? I shuddered to think of them. " I shall spend only a few lhours in Bristol," he said to me at parting. "I shall return to London to-morrow evening and then I shall begid my search for her; my brain will be clearer by that time,'and if she be above the earth I will find her I " He had written a few lines to Miss Drinkwater, begging her to come to London, but not mentioning the nature of the afflic tion that had bofallen him. " When I have discovered her," lie said, "I must have some one near to whom I can cqnfido her, who will be tender with her." Poor follow I he still thought more of her than of himself. About noon on the same day that I re ceived my husband's letter, as I was stand ing at one of my windows, I saw Tom crossing the square. What a change, I thought, from the bright, hopeful young fellow, with the laughing face and elastic step that used to cheer us all with his gay spirits down at Combo Andrew. His stop was heavy now, ihis shoulders stooped, and his pale, haggard face, half concealed by Iris slouched hat, was bent forward upon his breast. I ran down stairs to open the door for him. He was surprised to see me about, for he had left me in bed, utterly prostrate. He dropped wearily upon the couch when lee entered the room, as though borne down by fatigue. " How tired you look I " I said. "Lot me get you some refreshment. Have you only ,just arrived ? " " I camO up by the mail last night," he answered. " I have had no sleep since I saw you last." I suggested that he should lie down upon the sofa, and try to got a little sleep now. " Aunt Abigail is in town," he said, with out noticing my words. " She came up this morning, and is staying in Regent street, at our old lodgings." " And. does she know all? " I asked, my heart beating quickly at the thought of her being so near me. "All," he answered. " And-and how did she take it ? " "It .was a great blow to her," he answered gloomily. " She is coming here at six this evening to see you." Soon afterwards, by my repeated persua sions, he laid himself down and fell into a slumber so heavy and motionless that it re sembled a lethargy, and from which he did not awaken until past five o'clock. It was with no little tremor and agitation that I waited the arrival of Miss Drink water. At a few moments after six I heard a loud knocking at the street-door, and imme diately afterwards Mrs. Somers announced that a lady desired to see me. " Stay; I will go and show her up," said Tom, chocking me as I was about to leave the room. I suppose he wished to prepare the way for our meeting. I stood trembling at the door, and before she could reach it, ran forward with out stretched hand. She touched my lingers with her gloves, then my forehoead with her lips. The contact froze me, and I shrank back. Ah, yes, the same as over I " This is a sad business," she said, turn ing her cold, severe face upon me. " See to what your own wicked conduct has brought not only yourself but others." "Hush, aunt l" cried Tom, quickly. " Romomber your promise to me." " Silonco i I will speak," she answered sternly. "BDo not be so unjust," lhe exclaimed, warmly. " Surely Barbara has suffered as greatly as any of us ? " " She hlas only herseolf to blameo," she replied coldly. " As she has made her bed, she must lie upon it; but her evil doing has brought ruin upon the innocnt, for you must admit that had she not made the con noxion wvithl this vile adventuror, poor Flora could never have boon his victim." I thought my heart would breakl at those cruel words. But, forcing back the sobs that almost choked me, I said, in as steady a voice as I could command, " I oxpected no sympathy from you, Miss Drinkwater, for I havo nevoer received any. I-Had it beeoon otherwise I might have been a different being to what I am. Your last cold, bitter reproach that made mo answerable for Flora's msarriago drove me firom your house and into my munhappy marriage. Romombor that, and--" I could speak no more, and Ihurried from the room, to sob and weep slone aold un-. seeoon. I heard Tom's voice in high anger as I closed my bodroom-door, and soon afterwards I heard Misa Drinlkwater take her doparturo. Thenou he came and tapped at my boed room.door, and I told him I would come to him in a moment. I bathed my eyes with cold water and wont into the drawing room. His choeeks wore burning, and his eyes tlashed with indignation. "Forgive me, Barbara, for bringing that stony-heartoed woman hero 1 " he cried, scizing both my hands with all his old, im. petuous frvour. " O, how my heart bleeoodo for you l I hope that I may nevoe loolk upon her face again I To reproach you l. And that woman will go to church and pray next Sunday! " It was some time before I could calm his indignation. Soon afterwards he left, to begin what I could not help regarding as his hopeless search for the unhappy Flora. (To be continued.) 