MISS MAY. It was an afternoon lato in February, and Tom Kingsley was lounging in tho bay window of tho littlo sittingroom, his Latin and Greek books all around him, and, what was worse, a broad snow- covered hill in front of him. down which sled after sled was gliding with tho most tantaliaing rapidity. Tom was twenty, and devoted to learning, but lio was not above a good coast when tho chance presented itself. Occasionally ho favoured his sister, who was tho only other occupant of tho room, witli very audible groivl- ings against the restrictions of study hours. Tho two were students in the academy whoso mathomatieally squaro buildings roso almost opposite to tho Kingsley house. They were nearly of an ago ; but tho one was preparing to (inter college ; tho education of tho other was considered nearly completed.' Tho two young people, with their father and mother, mado up tho whole family ; but Mr. Kingsley, in tho simple, unpretending way of the village, received into his liouso as a boarder ono of the academic professors, and also occasional students when they happened to bo friends of the chilbren. It was this first-naincd individual who was exciting Tom's attention, in lack of anything better to look nt. " May," lio said, jerking his head over his shoulder, with a quick, characteristic movement, " just como hero and seo Professor Renscl go byi". .'- Bus Bister dropped her work and came to tho window. On tho other side of tho street stood a tall, ungainly man, with a scholarly stoop in his shoulders, a head of bushy hair much threaded with gray, a pair of mild, wiso spectacles, and a general air of perplexed ac quiescence in all mundano affairs whatever. In his hands he hold a very tiny Bled, looking at it at arm's-longth, as if it was somothing of an ox- plosive nature. Ono six-year- old littlo fellow was surveying his broken plaything with despairing eyes, while two other excited urchins danced up and down in front of tho professor, endeavouring duly to set forth the nature of tho accidont that had happened to tho runner. Two dogs wagged their tails hopefully in tho back ground, and, to completo tho procession, a dis abled crow, tho pet of ono of the villagers, brought up tho rear. It hopped gravely aiong, now on ono foot, now on tho other, setting its head on ono oidc in oracular fashion, and looking ten times blacker and wickeder than cvor against tho whiteness of the snow. After considering tho situation a few minutes, tho professor started off again, dragging tho sled by tho rope, and his procession, crow and all, trotted along behind him. " Now," said Tom, " ho will go straight to tho carpenter's shop to get that thing mendod ; and tho carpenter, after impressing upon him tho arduous nature of the job, will charge just ton times what it is worth, and ho will pay 'it with out a word." " No doubt ho will." " And thoso littlo beggars will run off without ovon thanking him." "But they aro fond of him, Tom." " I don't care. May, you can mako that man believe anything. " "I know it." " Just fancy his going out with a telcscopo and watching the muon all night becauso wo ! boys told him thoro woro changes on its surfaco j indicating somo great interior convulsion ! And i when ho couldn't find them, and camo to us to point them out, wo pretended to seo them i plainly enough, told him his eyes wero getting weak, and he believed every word of it, and has taken to wearing spectacles from that day." "Well, they aro becoming, at any rate, and he is short-sighted," said his sister, laughing. f f Ullf TllTllW ! rt nil ' ««n.« a .. ««<) w»u JUIVO ui un ,yuu Jiuvui heard of. Promise 1110 you won't tell anybody about it." " Of course not, except Jem. " , "Oh, Jem knows all about it already ; ho was in it. Seems to 1110 you'ro very dutiful, though, all at onco. Getting engaged lias im proved you." . " We'll pray that it may last," said his Bister, demurely. " Which ? — tho improvement, or tho engage ment'! How mauy pooplo havo you been en gaged toboforo this, May 1" "About half a dozen, I think." " I think so too. Don't treat Jem in that way. He's a friond of mino; and, after all, it's rather mortifying, you know, to a fellow." "It can't very well bo mortifying in this caso, becauso nobody is to know of tho engagement." "I should liko to know if they don't ! Why, May, it is known all over town. . Jem told of it himself. You see, you aro rather pretty for a girl ; and then there's that bit of money grand mother left you. On tho wholo, Jem's rathor proud of it, and no wonder." " Lot's luvvo tho joko now, Tom ; never mind tho compliments." . "Nover complimented anybody in my. life. What aro you talking about? But about that littlo affair; you remember when wo were ex perimenting with that nitrogen iodido in the laboratory, May V "Yes." " You roiiiembcr how cxplosivo it was— safo as long as you kept it wot, but going off liko nitro-glycorino and dynamite put together when it got dry ?" "It didn't go off unless somo ono touched it, Tom." . "I rather guess it did. If a fellow merely breathed a yard away from it, off it wont. But that s of no consequonco, for in this caso some body was oxpectcd to touch it." " And that somebody was tho professor, of course?" " Of course. Wo mado a lot of it, and put somo on tho liaudlc of lii3 door, somo in his slippers, and somo among his books ; tho rest wo 1 scattorcd around promiscuously. And, as good luck would liavo it, thoro came up a heavy thunder-shower that very afternoon. The pro fessor came hurrying in ; accidentally Jem audi mot him on tho stairs. Wo asked him to explain a difficult Latin passage. Oh, como right in — como right in, boys,' ho says, in that benevolent way of his, and laid his hand on tho door-knob. Bang ! Ho jumped back as if ho had been shot. 'Bless mo, what's tho matter?' ho oxelaimod, rubbing his nose. Wo didn't say anything, but acted as if 'twas tho most ov.ery-day occurronco. Well, wo went in and ho pulled off his boots and started to get his slippers 011. Bang ! bang ! Oh, May, you never saw tho liko of that jump ! I believe ho actually struck tho coiling. When ho went to draw down tho window-curtain, bang ! again. When, ho took down the Latin book — it was a big and heavy one— bang! bang! bang! And so on with evoiything I10 touched in the room, till I began to think the poor man would lose his wits. But tho' best of it was ho hover oven suspected tho cause. You know his wisdom. lies in Latin and Greek; ho doesn't know anything about tho sciencos, though I believe I10 rogards thorn with more awo than all tho rest of tho curriculum put together. Woll, Jem just told him tho thundor-showor had done it, that it had charged tho room with oloctricity,; and that I10 himself was a first-rate primo con ductor. Jem oxpatiatod learnedly for half an hour or moro on tho freaks of electricity ; talked, you' know, as if it was a usual thing to seo rooms bohnving in that fashion. And, if you'll bolibvo mo, tho professor actually took it all in ; is 'writing , a paper now— if Jom's'any authority on tho 'subject — oil thoso extraordinary natural phenomena. '.j Tom was in ecstacies of laughter by , this lime, and his sistor was jio.t slow in joining him. ' ' I was only afraid father would hear tho noiso and stop tho fuu," gasped ho at last, when ho ivas nblu to speak. " Luckily I10 didn t coino in till it was all over. 1' suggostod to tho professor that it might frighton mother if lio was to men tion it at tho tabic, and lio lias boon as mum about it as possible over sinco. May, wo can make him boliovo anything — anything whatovor. If I - told him thoro woro ghosts in the houso, he'd put out his light and sit watching for one tho'vory noxt night." ; ' i "Whj' don't you show him a ghost, then ?" queried May. "You know wo read how they did it at tho spirilualistio stances. I'll help you,' and—" "Maw!" cried Tom, jumping to hisfeetand dancing tho Fisher's hornpipe;' you'ro a' trump!; Just wait' till Jem comes, and wo'll havo it all fixed. The professor never looks his door." Tho two pairs of brown oyes -looked at each othor, and tho respective ownors of them burst; out laughing, with tho delightful unanimity of- sontimont that occurs whonovbr any specially; dolootablo pioce of mischiof is 011 foot. ; ' j Jem in no way dissontod from tho prograunno when ho prosented himsolf . at night, but, on tho contrary, added somo timoly suggestions. Tom considered his friend tho quickcst-wittcd mortal in tho world, and a handsome follow besides, which last was truo enough. Tho young peoplo soon found out that to copy the spirits success fully required moro time and practico than they had countod upon, their ghostly advisors having failed to provide any short road to perfection. They wero very patient, however, as pooplo will bo whon engaged in something with which they havo 110 manner of business, and in about a week had all thoir arrangements complotcd. Jem was to personate tho ghost, Tom and his sistor tho audienco, Tom having reluctantly yielded tho post of distinction to Jem in con sideration of his abilities. But whon it camo to tho point, the would-bo ghost had a new proposal to make. " Lot's toll him to do something or othor," ho said — "somothing that I10 would never think of him solf— so that wo shall know by that afterward whether ho believes in it all or not." This being hailed with acclamation, Tom sug gested that tho professor should bo commanded to wear a cocked liat for a month ; May, that lie should mako a daily pilgrimage to tho top of Mooting-housc Hill for that length of time. But Jem rejected both of theso proposals ; tlioy would be liable to bring about discovery, arid were not solemn enough to bo accredited to a ghost. _ " No ; it must bo something that will affect his wholo life," ho said— " somothing of so much consequonco that ho would think it likely tho spirits would be charged to deliver it. Wo'll tell him he must go as a missionary ; or, lio, bettor still, let's tell him to marry somebody — May, hero, for instanco : ho was always fond of her, and slio is right in the same houso." " But, unluckily, May is not fond of him, but of you,," observed Tom, wickedly. " Well, he doesn't know that. Ho will think it's his duty to ask her. And whon slio says no, he will wait for somo now spiritual light. You don't mind, do y.ou, May 1" May did mind very much at first, but the two boys, aided by her own sonso of fun, at last per suaded her into it. Perhaps tho thought that it was sure to bo discovered, and that tho professor could not possibly carry his credulity to that point, helped to quiet her conscience. At any rato, sho not only yielded, but, after tho fashion ul ivumuimiuu, \v«i5j iiiu uiiu iu unyiiuito iiiu boldest part of the scheme. "If I lot you do that, boys, you must lot mo do what I want to." Of course thoy both asked, " What is it ?" May refused to tell them. " You'll know soon enough," sho said, with tho mischievous sparkles coming and going in her brown oyes. " Only, if I don't say anything to spoil your fun, you must promiso not to spoil mine." Thoy both gavo this promiso very readily, find ing a nowintorcst in their project nou that some thing not laid down in tho plan might possibly happen. In about a week everything was ready, and tho night sot for tho ghostly visitation. Tho professor, after putting out his light, was just- getting into bed, still absorbed in 'tho truo in terpretation of a difficult aorist construction, when tho door creaked gontly, seemed to swing ; open of itself, and presently, to his astonished eyes, a tall whito figure presented itself, with a faint blue light encircling it, and a goneral misty uncertainty of outline that might bo attributed to tho shifting of some thick vapour, but to an uninitiated person was highly suggestive of 1111- corporcal spirits. " Bless mo ! bless mo !" said Professor Ronsol, staring at this vision. " Who aro you, my friend?" " I am a disembodied spirit," ropliod a sepul- chral voice. " Dear, dear ! what apity ! Can't— can't any thing bo dono for you ?" " Nothing. I am sent to you." " Woll, my friend, I amliorc "—after a pauso, in which ho scorned to imagine that tho em barrassed spirit required somo encouragement. His face shone with a mild bonovolenco. "I am here," ho repeated. " What can I do for you?" Tho blue light was shaken for a moment, as if the spectral visitor was disturbed by this tanta lising calmness, and oven disposed to back out of tho situation. Then tho sepulchral voico replied, "You aro commanded to marry May Kingsley." . "How? What? My good friond, you aro talking like a —ghost !" oxelaimod tho astonished professor. A slight ilush roao to his benevolent face " You aro commanded to do it," repeated the spirit, mouotonou-iy. " Blcs mo ! bless 1110 ! It isn't possiblo." " With us, all things aro possible." "Indeed?" said tho professor, onquiringly. "Indood?" I10 ropoatod, with as much dolibo- ratioli as if I10 were addressing his classes " Woll, well. Let us considor that sottlod, and — and pass 011 to something clso," with a certain mild dignity, as if lie objectod to discussing tho 1«»r1v flmv linrl nnmnrl n.vnn wifcli n. rrlmetf- TTo was ovidently disposed to bo hospitable, but somewhat at a loss how to entertain his visitor. " You aro not," said tho professor, glancing hesitatingly at tho suggestive blue light, " from tho celestial regions, I ain afraid !" "No." "Dear 1110 ! dear mo ! , what a pity ! It must bo very unpleasant. Yet if you could — if you could bo persuaded to givo mo a littlo informa tion about tho other place — tho truth is, I havo a j'oung friend who is going that way, I very much fear, and — " Hero somothing not laid down in tho prn- grainmohapponcd : tho ghost incontinently bolted, blue light and all. Oulsido thoro was a suspi cious scuffling and hurrying of foot that may havo been produced spiritually, but was very liko scamporing humanity. 'l'ho profossor deliberately got up and closed tho door, murmuring to himself: "Very singular — very singular indood !" The samo embarrassed llush still lingol-ed 011 liis face, but I10 got into bed and wont calmly to sleep, as if nothing unusual had happenod. Moauwliilo tho ghost and tho audionco woro holding a hurried consultation down stairs. All throo wero considerably takon aback. "Ho know us," said Jem, disconsolately. " Ho must havo known us tho very first thing. ! His young friond ! That was cool, at any rato. Which of us does ho moan, Tom — you or mo ?" "Perhaps ho didn't know himsolf which it was," said Tom. . As neither of them could settle this point, thoy at last adjourned to bed, oach, perhaps, - with a littlo sense of discomfiture under all his ihorrimont. Tho next morning, after watching Tom out of tho houso, May sat down to somofominino work of her own, to ponder - over their ill-fated -schemes, whon in walko'd Professor Ronsol,' who was supposed to bo safo in his' class-room. May was aghast at tho sight of . him. , " Now for it !" sho thought, . "It is too bad I should havo to take tho scolding alouo. , . For it could not but bo that ovon so mild a man would be angry at such an escapade. True, lie could not kuow:of lior share in it, but thon it was nearly ns bad to liavo Tom mado tho scapo- goat. , Miss May was an audacious young lady, but consoicnco mado a coward of her, and sho dared not look up or ask him why I10 ivas not at school. : . . ' ' ! : " Why don't ho bogin ?" sho mused, still hoop ing her eye3- on her work, ns tho tall- figure shuffled unoasily round the room. Presontly tho professor stopped iii front of her and: cleared his throat. "My doar Miss May, do you think you could over bring yourself to marry 1110 ?" '; i Tho work foil out of hor hands, and May sat fairly dumb with nstonishmout; Tho xn'ofessor picked it up again for her. ' ' ." I am much oldor than yourself, Miss May,".; ho went on, "and a very awkward man in action' : and speech, as you see. Not such a 0110 as it young lady would ovcr.bo likely to fancy. Only —only I felt it my duty to ask you." Then at last May found her tongue. " Ono would not liko to marry anybody who asked liar merely from a senso of duty," sho said, gravely,' bonding still lower over her work. j Tho samo flush tingod the professor's face that had boon thoro tho night boforo. " When I said duty, Miss May," ho answered: her, half reproachfully, "I only expressed tho- 1 motive that had led mo: to speak to you this- morning. I said nothing of . my own feelings. Suroiy you /uiust'.kuow. what thoy. aro uiuT. h'uvc- long been. 1 You must' k'liow that a inaii liko- myself, who has noithor youth nor attractions of j any kind, would, undor ordinary circumstances, feel debarred front tho right, to ask what a younger and happier man might ask. Such a one ns myself can only stand asido, glad to be your liumblo friond, and to wish you nil happi ness to tho ond of your life." . Thero was something so pathetic in tlio sight of tho gontlo, learned profossor addressing such words to tho thoughtless ' girl whom others trcatod only ns a companion in mischief, but whom his lovo elevated to a pedestal above common womanhood, that May might well havo boon restrained by it. His gray hairs and simple kindliness of life might havo turned asido tho jokes his credulity brought upon him. Sho wavered visibly for a moment ; thon tho old mis chievous sparkle camo back to tho oj'cs that wero so demurely dropped. " Yet you havo altered your resolution this morning 1" alio said, onquiringly. " As I told you, Miss May, becauso I boliovcd . that it was right for 1110 to do so." | "Well;" said May, after a long pause, in ! which she was scarcely able to kcop down tho ; roguish quivering of hor lips, " if it is your duty to mnry 1110, it must bo mino to marry you." 1 " Then you consent ?" i " Yes." i Tho tall ungainly man stooped, with no graco except that which lovo gavo him, and lifted hor hand to his lips. Ho seomod no moro astonished at her answer that I10 had boon at tho spiritual visitation of tho night boforo. Whon tho boys camo homo that night thoy found the professor radiant, Mr. and Mrs. Kingsley beaming approval upon thoir daughter, andJIay horself submitting to it all with tho most curious expression ever seen upon any dimpled face — a compound of laughter and doubt, of fun and foar. Whothor sho was pricked by her conscience, or only friglitoned by tho boldness of tho game she was carrying on, they could ' not tell. As ' soon as was possible thoy got hor alono by lior- \- self, and fell upon her, metaphorically speaking, ; with an avalancho of questions. "May, did ho really a3k you to marry him ?" "Yes." " But I10 acts as if you had said yes." " Woll, so I did." "By Jove !" ejaculated Tom, porfcctly con founded. " Ynn know T told von. hovs. that if I llolned you in your fun, you must let me havo mino." ' ' But May ! May ! do you know ho has al ready asked father's consent I How will you get out of it ! What a storm thero will.bo !" "Sho moans," interrupted Jem, who had been studying licr face attentively, " to let it go 011 till it comes to tho finale, and then say no in stead of yes, when tho minister puts the ques tion." Tom's face was a picture of mingled conster nation and admiration. IIo had hold a very low opinion of tho courage of girls up to this point, but hero was ono who was willing to go beyond him. " Did you think of this last night when you wouldn't tell us what you woro going to do ?" ho asked, humbly. " Of course I did." " Only think, Tom, I10 believed every word of it, after all !" put in Jem. They congratulated oach other upon having perpetrated a successful joko ; but still their countenances woro a very uneasy expression. ".After all, May, it's a littlo too bad," said Tom, hesitatingly. " Tho professor is a good sort of man, though ho is such a muff. Wo won't spoil j'our fun, of course, but just look at it boforo you go ahead. Havo you thought what an awful row there'll bo when it comes out ?" " J-t s too iato to stop now, saia ins sistor, faintly, as if sho wero a littlo alarmod herself at tho prospect. "Woll, anywaj', May can marry 1110, and so got out of tho scrape," said Jem, taking hor hand consolingly. " Sho'd hotter marry you right after tho other ccromony, thon," answered Tom, ominously. " You'd better take hor out of father's roach as fast as possiblo. Ho thinds everything of tho old professor." " Woll, why shouldn't wo!" asked Jem, with confidence. "It's just as well now as anytime. May won't mind." And indeed May did look so relieved at this proposal, after tho fashion of a child who has unexpectedly grasped a torpedo, that Tom began to think it would ba tho host way out of tho scrape, after all. To bo sure, tho pair would have nothing to livo on after tlrcy woro married, except his sister's littlo legacy-, which would not go far, and besides which could not bo claimed for a year, till tho young lady was of ago.. But_ Tom had a cheerful confidenco in Jem's abilities, and as great a confidenco in his sistor. Thoy finally sottlod it among themselves that this wa3 to bo tho denouement, and afterward tried to look as if everything was all right. Ono of them at least failod ignominiously. Tom was attacked with fits of self- roproach every tiino I10 chancod to meet tho professor's eye, and whenever tho good unconscio.us man showed him any trifling kindness would rush out of tho houso as if I10 wero a convicted criminal. . This went on for a few months, Tom growing moro and moro conscience-stricken, May moro and moro silent and timid, till at last tlio powers that bo were moved to set tho wedding- day. They all felt a kind of relief at this. Tho joko, which had scorned so ludicrous at first, had grown into a species of nightmare, which be strode them all mercilessly. May submitted to tho wodding preparations with a quietness very unliko licr. She avoided solitary interviews with the profossor ; but as ho had far too great a revercnco for hor to scok them, this conduct did not attract attention. There was much wondering and many comments among tho gossips of the village over this singular and ap parently unsuitable engagement j but Miss May had alwavs had a reputation for doing unex- pected things, so at last tho wondoring sottlod down to acquicsccnco. By tho morning of tho wedding day both J 0111 and Tom wero beginning to rccogniso thosorious aspect of tho drama to bo enacted, and were not a littlo nervous on ontcring tho church. In thoir trepidation thoy nearly forgot to provide thonisolves with whito gloves, if thoro had not como a timoly reminder from May. Tho service commenced — went on without interruption to tho place where tho decisive question was put. Jom and Tom listoncd in tho utmost oxcitomcnt to tho profossor's rcsponso ; and then the ques tion camo to May, " Wilt thou havo this man to bo thy wedded husband ?" Jom wa.3 just rising from his seat in anticipa tion of the impending scene, when hor answer camo, in a low, cloar voico, that could bo heard distinctly in all parts of tho church — " Yes." Tho two bo3's were horror-struck I Was it pos sible sho know what sho was doing I Was sho overpowered by fright ! Whether sho was or not, they certainly woro ; for, in spito of a frantic impulso to cry out and .proclaim tho mistake, tho ilocoruni of tho place kept, them still till tlio coremony was over. Thon tlicy rushed to hor sido, hoodloss of order or conventionalities. ' ' May ! May !" wliisporod Tom, catching her hand in his oxcitomont, " are you crazy I Do you know that you aro married to him ?" Tlio colour in hor face deepened as iu a lato sunsotsky. " Y03, 1 know it," slio answered quietly, lay ing hor other hand upon her husband's arm ; and then lifting licr bountiful flushed face to her brother, " and I lovo him." Perhaps two moro discomfited young men novor stole out of church than were Jem and Tom ns thoy slipped away unuoticod among tho crowd of pooplo. Tho fonnor, indood, was savngo, and doclarod that ho would nover for- givo her. But Tom, whon ho saw his sister's faco loan ing out of tho carriago for tho last timo boforo thoy drove awa3Y was moved to kiss her inn grim, uncompromising sort of way ; and seeing tho penitent tears gathering in hor brown o3'es, to mutter to himself — " It was our fault, after all. Wo acted as if wo wero suro slio hadn't got an3' heart, and 110 wonder slio was ashamed to show it." _ ' . ' i As for Jom, he finally retracted liis lioroic ro- solvos, and consontod to a most amicablo -trued between liiuiself and Mrs. Professor Ronsol; after hor return ; but tho two young men were novor qiiito suro whothor tho profossor believed in' that ghost or not. — Harper s Magazine. 