Eminent *HE EXHIBI- ' TIOM. THK Exhibition will be opened on Friday next, th® let ^October, and the ceremonies arranged will be grand, in keep- ing with the v&stnesa; and grandeur of llie undertaking. On the latter points loiae disproportioft will be evident for in size, In cost, and in magnificence, the ^Exhibition will much exoeed the age, -population, and ;resources of the colony. And the condition of our finances will be •oggestivb of fe*tr6taganoe and npBtart pride, and will seem to reflect on the 'common sense and prudence of the politieiine who committed this young dependency to BD enterprise so costly and 'hazardous. However, as the thing was to be done, it was good policy to do it as Well as it could be done, and it could not fcave been carried out more grandly than it has been. It is in very truth a palace 'of industry, and the opening ceremonies will be almost as gorgeous and magnificent as a coronation scene. Military pomp •will be wanting, and the rankB of the tilled aristoi will be thin, but on or around the platform that day there will be representatives of art, of science, of literature, and of skilled labour, whose Claims to hold their heads high in any assemblage of the kind in the world corid not fairly be disputed. If, in population and in wealth, we cannot compare with the much more advanced friendly nations who have brought evidence of their skill and trophies of their refined civilisation to our world's fair, at least, we oan show all the elements of such •greatnessas they have achieved, and give proof that we have advanced bravely on the right track, and have all the qualities necessary to pursue it with success. It will be apparent that we are moulded in good stuff and on the best pattern, and that in our case there is no danger that, as we age, we shall decline, for we are pushing ahead with the lusty vigour of a young, strong race, But though the preparations for the opening ceremonies are so far completed as to relieve the responsible parties from all anxiety on the subject, something will remain to be done in the way of .furnishing and decorating the courts. Strange as it may seem, the people "who have come the longest way with exhibits, will be nearer to a state of erfect preparedness than those at whose Soors, it may be said, the Exhibition is. While several of the European coiuis prill lie all but completed, the Victorian, and one or two more of the Australian oourts "will, it is feared, be rather far behind in their preparations. It will be seen in our exhibition notes that the commissioners have negatived the motion in favour of opening the art gallery for a few hours each Sunday afternoon. This is to he regretted, for such oppor- .tunities of intellectual enjoyment are . the best possible correction to the habits of those who spend their Sundays neither profitably nor innocently. IN the last place— ANOTHER the columns of the CONDEMNATION. chief secular organ— it would occur to us to look for such a report,, we came across the following on Monday :— The Rev. C. S. Perry, the incumbent of St. .hide's Church of England, at Carlton, doeB not consider that our national secular system of education will lead to the future happiness of the community. In theeourae of his sermon yesterday morning, which was based on the words to be found in Jeremiah v., 10: "Take away her battlements, for they are not the lord's." Mr. Perry said that we were building palatial structures for the education and training of our youth, but the infidelity and impiety exhibited by the rising generation testified that they were not the Lord's. The alarming system of the abuse of the bounty of Providence among the young people of this colony augured badly for their future happiness, while their love of pleasure, of superiority, and of flattery: their want of modesty, lack of humility and lax principles, and their general dislike to give way to recognised authority, make all thinking men tremble for the future of the community. He feared that if the present state of things were not altered, a national judgment, though mercifully retarded, would some day overtake us. Condemnations of this kind are multiplying, and they will continue' to multiply; but the fear is that they will not produce the desired effect' till the evil they we intended to cure will have grown into dimensions with which it will not be possible to cope successfully- The godless system of eduction is gradually producing a corruption of society, and when a community has fallen below the Christian standard, by no agency can it be purified and elevated in the course of a generation. The fall in all cases of the kind is much more rapid than the recovery can possibly be, just as it is more difficult in the physical world to reconstruct than to pull down. It is only too certain that those self-willed, religiously ignorant children who are now being educated in the State schools will, as men or women, fathers or mothers, be wholly destitute of the faculty of reverence, and utterly incapable of bending their wills to any authority, to respect which they are under no constraint. This will be the chief characteristic of the children of the godless schools who are now arriving at maturity. Neither on them nor on the generation succeeding them will it be possible for religion to exercise very much influence, even though the system of public instruction should be Christianised before many years more elapse. The fruits of it will be bitter and long-enduring, and those docile Catholic parents who have shunned it for their children, will hereafter have much reason to rejoice that they did, in this matter, heed the warning voice of the unerring Church. We always regard with pleasure any utterance such as that of the Rev. Mr. Ferry, but at the same time we cannot help thinking that the ministers of his denomination, and those of their congregations who think with them on the Education Question, do not act fully up to the strength of their convictions, or make efforts in the good cause commensurate with the magnitude of the evil they occasionally denounce. We suppose these gentlemen have their own reasons for doing no more than now and again offering a mild protest to the godless system, but the reason, if it be sufficient, must be hidden from all but themselves. IN our leading columns PERVERSION we deal with several OF absurd propositions ad- THE TRUTH, vanced in a recent number of the Leader, but there are, in that paper's article, one or two sentences which we have omitted to notice, and to which it may be well to refer. It is said— No sophistry can beguile intelligent men into thinking that they do honour to God's Churoh when they discard their most settled political principles, and record a lie at the polling-booth. Nothing can explain away thefaot that a man who allows the Church to dictate to him in politics, has surrendered moral responsibility and moral dignity. It means that the State should be governed from the Archbishop's 'drawing-room. Every sentence in the above quotation contains a misrepresentation, either plainly expressed or artfully implied. Each of them dishonestly perverts the truth. What is meant by the first is that the Catholic electors discard their settled political opinions by allowing the Education Question to guide their vote ; but why should they discard the latter in favour of any political opinion if they regard it as of most importance 1 Surely they would stultify themselves if they so neglected their highest and nearest interests. And in voting for the question which is to them'of paramount importance it cannot be said that they discard or cast aside as worthless other questions in which also they take much, but secondary interest. They merely prefer the greater to the less without disparaging the latter, or surrendering their interest in it. They act in tbe matter as men of common sense might be expected to do, and above all, they act as Christians and as Catholics, and there is more honour in so acting than if they contended for any mere worldly or purely political object. The man who strives to obey the laws of God and His Church is a citizen of the very highest type, and that is a fact easy of demonstration, which no secularist perversion of the truth can alter. The Church does not dictate to its members in politics; it is outside her province to do so. She does not ask her members to vote for any particular political opinion, or for either political party, but to keep the Education Question uppermost, without reference to Freetraders' or Protectionists, Constitutionalists or Liberals. She acts here and everywhere else with the -strictest impartiality on such points, and ,if she had .not done so her position would long since have been compromised, and ahe would not now be, as she is, untrammelled by political interests, mnd perfectly independent of political parties in shaping her course. The same reply deals with the last 'statement of the fyaderi 1 which appears to have been made with the charitable object of arousing sectarian ill-feeling against Catholics. To that course Liberal journals, when they fail to convince usually have recourse. It is thus they prove how liberal, how tolerant and just they are. PROFESSOR PBABSON HK TTNIYKBSITY has no respect for BUI. the traditions or the spirit of his own Uniersity, whose conservative oharaoter has ertainly beeu no impediment to the realisation of the objects it has in view. In his bill to amend, or alter as we should say, the constitution of the Melbourne University, he aims at infusing into it the political element, though this would be quite inconsistent with the genius of the institution and could not be expected to work well. The democratic idea by which the learned professor appears to be inoculated, is for the State, or the Government representing it, to have a potential voice in the working of every corporation, for intrusion into which it can offer any excuse whatever. This strong bureaucratic leaning iB peculiar to politicians of the ultra-Liberal j school, and it is usually pushed furthest 1 in those countries in which the Radical forces are strongest, thus illustrating the truth that the loudest asserters of liberty are the warmest advocates of centralisation and Government control. There is no reason whatever why the Government should seek to exercise so much influence in the management of the University, unless it be with the object of converting it into a political institution and making it the " apex" of the socalled national system of education. If that, as we suspect, be the object in view, the scheme should be strenuously opposed. Already the country has gone widely astray in raising primary schools to the character of grammar schools St an extravagant expenditure which the country cannot bear. That will work mischief, not good ; and if the craze be carried further, as contemplated, our higher as our lower education will be moulded on a government pattern, and our scholars will be so numerous that labour and industry will be held in contempt. Already, the sons of workingmen and artisans will not deign to soil their hands with honest labour. For clerical employment the competition is desperate, and if the standard of the free schools be not lowered, and the University be thrown open free of fees to all who have contrived to matriculate, that evil will grow into proportions that will work as a national calamity. THESE is good news from Ireland by the Suez mail. The GOOD NEWS correspondent of the Tablet, writing 11th August, says :— From nearly every portion of the country the most cheering accounts of the prospects of the harvest continue to arrive. The potato crop promises to be excellent and abundant, and the signs of disease are rare. The people are in good! spirits, and I believe that the worst of the bad times has been got over. I speak from personal knowledge in saying that in most of the districts where distress was prevalent the need for relief has altogether ceased. The good news is partly confirmed by intelligence from other sources, and, comparing one accouut with the other, the fair inference seems to be that the distress has been very muoh mitigated, that the famine fever is gradually disappearing, and that the prospects of the country are brightening.—Qratios Deo, THE shifts to which Mr. SHUTS Service was put on Tues- AND day, to find some plaus- 8UBTEBFUGES. ible reason for opposing the inclusion of an, education column in the census paper were really amusing. This canny gentleman and wary politician has no wish that the census should show how persistently and how nobly Catholics support their own schools, and so he was opposed to a return beingobtainedthatwould clearly andfully disclose that fact. There being the strongs eat reasons—political, social and ethical— for ascertaining to what extent our extravagant system of public instruction fails to meet the requirements of that section, of the community forming a fourth of the whole population, Mr. ,Service's opposition: can only be ascribed to an irrational, secularist prejudice, that oan scarcely be wholly free of sectarian narrowmindedness and ill-will. The strong est argument he had to offer against Mr. Berry's intention was. that the Catholics might, and perhapsr would, stuff their schools for the occa son. The objection is suggestive, and it would be worth while ito inquire into the origin of the suspicion. By what practioe was it suggested, Mid where did that practioe prevail? We have heard of stuffed rolls in the State schools, and how truant children have been gathered: in for inspection. We have also seen thatthe department has avowed its inability to distinguish between 'the attendances. cff thfc suae children at diffw&t;^sj&o;^sM the; one. ye^r/pr to acoount, wjili /&JG;& ^pro;*iiMfe^Er^t ness, forsepairate attend qnqes« throne school. It has been more than t tbatthose who furnishthereturna the statistics are made out, h* these difficulties to good account anfl i,""™ 4 Va so swelled the total attendance far the actual facts of the case: and it ?. • i possible that Mr. Service had t£££I" 1 in his mind when he opposed »»l did, the Chief Secretary's laudabkinw, 8 tion. But, as Sir JohnVshant^ " the hon. member for Maldon »' fighting with a shadow, to which £ may add, that most of those who f2 and thmk as be does on subjects con neoted with our denomination are in the habit of fighting with shadows and also raising ghosts, which appear hideZ enveloped in the fumes of bluestone am? u sulphur. MB. CARTES, THE SCHOOL SAVINGS' hon. member FOR BANKS. St. Kilda, made [ •rx m „ Sood hit in the House on Tuesday evening, when he said, disparaging the proposal to es. tablish the State School Savings' Bank;-! " You have driven the worship 0f G a(j from yaur schools; don't now substitute for it the worship of Mammon," And there are really good grounds for the reproach. Who that gives g trifle to a child to delight the little creature, and enable it to procure the great delights of childhood, would like to see him receive it with! out betraying that unsophisticated, thoughtless joy which the prospect of toffee so naturally excites in the juvenile mind ? Who that has the heart to so contribute to the pleasure of a youngster would be pleased to see him accept the coia with placid composure, and then walk straight away with it to the penny savings' bank! The proceeding would be unnatural, and much as we desire thrift in those whom it would become and whose duty it is to practise it, we should b8 sorry to see the child of tender age impressed with that love of money for money's sake, which would familiarise him before his time with the nature of those hard necessities of life, from which it is the care of every generous and really benevolent person to shield the young as long as possible. The penny savings' bank in the school would surely tend to make children artificial, who are only loveable when natural and guileless. It would sow the seeds, not of a virtue, but of a vice in their young minds, for it would encourage them to be selfish, and to set a higher value than they should at their years, on an acquirement which they then least need. It would make them old before their time and stunt in their nature those qualities which tend to form the character of ths man in the highest mould. No politician, with a true perception of what human nature is in its best and most loveable aspects, could hesitate to oppose the foolish scheme to which we refer. 