2* OETHEEN NEWS. I J ? !l j . Bookhavfto.v, Wednesday.; The Foresters intend to .hold a promenade concert on a large scale in the 'Protestant Ball to-morrow evening. '?::.:--?? j The Hon. P. Perkins, the Micister^for Lands, is expected to arrive here to-morrow fram his inland tour. ? . ' i : ' ' 'A Catholic Priest,'' iu a letter to 'ihe Bulletin, this morning, advocates the Canadian system of education in Queensland. ' The weather continues hot. ' , , New Insolvents. — George Boyd, of: Rock hampton, butcher; E. J. Smith, of Briebane; and Edwin Greenwood, of Roma, boarding house keeper — were this day adjudged insolvent upon thtir own petitions. The first meeting of creditors in each of the first mentioned estates was fixed for the 28th instant, and in the laBt for the 30th instant. Dbamatio Class. — The Oxley Dramatic Class had a successful entertainment on Saturday last in tho Sherwood btaio school, when about 160 persons were present, among whom were some of onr Brisbane friends. Messrs. Deigan, Pdtereoa, Lyons, and Hassitl rendered some excellent songs and recitatious. The class concluded the proceedings by a laughable oomedy entitled ' Family Jars.' BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. — The report of the asylum at Dunwich for the week ending De cember 11 shows thai on that day there, werd 222 males and 36 females iu] the institution. One death occurred during the week that of Edward How, aged fifty-two years, a native of Cambridgeshire, England. The superintendent desires to acknowledge the receipt of parcels of newspapers, ctuguzines, and bonks for the use of. tho ininateo- from Mr. Connor, Mis. Davyt Rev. W. B. Gremside, Mr. W. K. Witty; Mr. Eeuderson, and other donors, per the'Kev. JV Gilberlson, Bee:ileigh ; - also of a case1 of cor dialB from Mr. Thosborne. . . ., ' Bohemian;'' in The Week, writes : — Tu the Courier loat week is a letter from my old frieud Thomassen, in which he expresses regret that I should have attempted to kiiook'a little fuu out of- him and that, 'mysterious witness of his, who overheard the conversation between him and' Hamilton in the London coffee ehop. But, really, I could not help it. The temptation was irresistible. This ' party of the cume of Goott,' an' 'inde- pendent geudemiui who will not stand any humbug,' suoh aa the honourables Perkins and Griffith treated my old friend to when ho was in Brisbane last ; this highly impp7taut witness, who seeiaa to huvo been hoveriug iii : the air for the lufit three or four months, some ? where between Europo and Quensland, in tho Imoat tantalising manner, fitBt in ono place i then in another, and almost everywhere at different times eacept in Brinbane, where he ?was so urgently wanted,— he inevitably eug ;gested ' Sairey Gaoap's .'friend, ' Mrs. Hamis.' To tell the simple- truth, I thought Thomaseeu had evolved thia ' party ' out of bin inner oori-' Su0U8ne»8, BH liUe- vzununu piuiuuu^uur tjvutvew ;the oimel ; but, as he says he did not, I am 'b'ound to believe him — when Uyneer Goott turns ?up. As to Thomassun himself, I thoroughly -sympathise with.. him in this steel rails business, andhavedonosoeror since M'Eaaharn'B evidenoe before the aeleot committee waB published. It ii very clear to tho that poor Thomassen was made the Tictitn of what Mr. Aroher euphoni ously calls a ' commercial transaction.' Hero'was my wide-n-wake and far-seeing friend labour ing most aHsidconsly for weeks and upending no end of trouble and mouey, to make a good' bar gain for his firm, and get on the blind side of our Minister for Works by nailiug hip down to a bargain like ' Mi»a Flora ,M' Elimsey's' engagemont, which she explained to her betrothed so simply and clearly as A kindcfc'aTiifnffomont, d'jo see, - WJiieliiifcMndinff oayou.bat no( blnftngcon .me.; And not only llacrossan, but fondly dreaming, sweetly dreaming . of ; ?fixing'.;'.M'Ilwraith- M Kacharn,, and .Co. in a bargain of-.mucb tha same kind with' regard .to ,the carrying of those ruils.^ and nil the time tho artless and siuiple minded M'Eaohaim had suohed Thom a^sen's brMn of nil that was in it worth /taking,' put his paotner ' on the lay' for steel rails, and was all rsady for the Premier's contract beiore the latter gentleman had got half-way over America even. Thero never waa«o much a» a 'ghost c$ a chance for Thomassen's firm after ho 11 let ox' to M.' Eaoharu about his poaBiblo oon tract with the Queensland Government for thostt Bails; and if he had only known it, he might have spared himself thu expense and trouble of that hurried journey to England, tho trip to Cork to meet the jPremier at the earliest possible momeut, and all the tubaequent worry and running here and there which he engaged in to secure a little order for steel rails. M'Euoharu and bis senior partner had arranged everything so beautifully that ThomaBBen and hia firm were ' nowhere.' Now this, mind you, was Tery ' rough' on Tho masnen, and must have made him feel bad. It would have made mo feel so, and that is why I sympathiae with him. I hopo he will accept this explanation and apology. All use it. It ia at every picnic It is in nverv kitohen. It irives the finish to every dish for gravies, eoup3, game, fish, or cold meats. It assists digestion and inoreases the appetite. It haB a place nt Uovornmorjt House, and ia soen at every respectable artisan's. The Prb tootionists uso it, because it is oolonial ; the Freetraders, because it is oheup. It is the especial favourito with all classes, because, as one of the Sydney clergymen wrote : — ' It is the beat yet made.' It is the Awtbamah Relish, made by Washington H. 8oul, of 221, Pitt-Btreet, and sold by every Btorokeepar. Prioa/.One Shilling.— [Advt.] 