The Nobelist Miss Rovel (From the French.) [Continued.] The night of Lady Rovel's masked ball had arrived,—the ball at which Raymond was to appear in his Arab dress ; and, at eleven o'clock, he made up his mind to com- mence preparations. He put on a long silken-robe, and over it a a cloak of camel's hair, richly covered with gold embroidery. He fastened long black tresses into his curly locks and over them he wound the large white Arab keffi, one end of which hung down his back, while the two others covered his trim square shoulders. Lastly he twisted a bit of rope round this eccentric head dress, and looked into the glass. The man whom he saw there seemed to him an apparition. Vividly rose up before his mind those two years of his Arabian life, filled with pictures of that first love of his. She was nothing to him now ; she was ugly beside a girl of seventeen, to whom he had, to act the part of guardian, for whom he had lately undertaken to find a husband, and whom by-the-by it had been his object for the last few days to draw off from all the many pretenders to her hand. It was odd ! What could have been his object in so doing ? He did not know, and for the pre- sent he did not care ! It was the first masked ball that Ray- mond had ever seen, and when he entered the magnificent rooms, his first feeling was one of superstitious awe. There is nothing that inspires such terror as the masked hu- man face. Those mysterious eyes that eager- ly seek yours— do they mean good to you or evil ? That unknown mouth which whispers in your ear—does it know the secret of your destiny ? Perhaps that raised finger which beckons you towards it, is your evil genius, drawing you on to fate ! Apt picture of life, thought Raymond. Life deceives us, and we take her mask for the reality ! He passed on through the motley crowd seeking his hostess. She was soon found. A Japanese Empress dressed in Imperial robes— her grand figure stood out in bold relief against the surrounding crowd. What a splendid diamond-covered head ! What a swanlike neck ! What swaying, gracious, graceful motions of that beautiful body, draped, in lovely gauze and in delicate Chi- nese crapes ! In a masquerade Lady Ro- vel's peculiar beauty carried all before it. She feared no rivals. But where was Meg ? Raymond looked about, in vain. Suddenly a laugh, clear as crystal sounded close beside him. He started, and looking round, saw an Armenian princess leaning on the arm of a tall and grace- ful Venetian noble. White pantaloons were fastened round her ankles with golden bands. Her silken robes were tightly bound round her lithe form by a crimson sash ; and her hair, covered with coins and pearls, fell over, her graceful neck and shoulders in massive coils. She was dancing a quadrille with the richly-dressed Venetian, and exchanging bright looks with him through the eyeholes of her mask. Bending over her, he whispered in her ear—whispered low and eagerly—and Meg answered with a clear and joyous laugh. For the second, time Raymond felt the serpent's sting at his heart, and turned away, in anger, muttering between his teeth : 'She's deceiving me ; it is not at Ema that the enemy dwells.' He hastily made off and stood behind a statue, watching the crowd ; but-before long a soft voice whis- pered in his ear : 'My heart is troubled ! Oh, what a glorious Abdallah ! If his first word to me is a growl, I'll declare to the whole universe that he is the man I've sought !' 'Princess ! I pray you leave the Arab to the quiet of his desert.' 'I know the deserts are his pleasure ground,' said she, 'but I must draw him forth, because I do so love to hear his scold- ing. Come now, Arab, what have we done wrong tonight ? Nothing at all. For we have promised our dear mamma that tonight we will be as good and quiet as a wax image, and we will keep our word.' 'If not your mother, I certainly should imagine that there was a certain quasi-monk who might reproach you. You soon console yourself, Miss Rovel !' 'What is done, is done. You said to me — 'No longer love him,' and I try to be obedient, and cheer up my heart. And, oh ! how well I do succeed ! Abdallah ! to live is a delightful thing !' 'Particularly delightful,' he answered bit- terly, especially for women who have no heart.' 'Are you quite sure that I have no heart ? It seems to me that I have four— all beat- ing clamorously and wanting to be tried— four hearts I tell you ? Will you have one ? I'll give it you !' 'Much obliged- for the offer, I should be sorry to spoil your unique collection.' 'Delightful Arab character ! What sweet- ness of disposition ! Don't make such big eyes at me. We are two masks tonight and can say what we like to one another. To- morrow I'll be as obedient and humble as ever.' The orchestra began one of Waldteufel's waltzes. 'To prove to you,' she said, how much I think of you— how important you are in my eyes— if you like it, I'll give you this waltz, and throw over the man to whom it is promised.' 'Thank you, I have no wish to spoil your pleasures,' he answered, as he walked away, He saw her whirled off in the arms of her Venetian partner, and a dark, melan- choly, a jealous anger, took possession of his heart. He felt disposed to quarrel with all the world, so he withdrew himself from the hated society of his fellow men, and throw- ing himself upon a rich soft divan which he found in a deserted smoking room, began to brood upon the situation, and came to the conclusion that if a certain drawing room in which an Armenian princess was then dancing with a Venetian noble— took fire and was destroyed with all that it contained, he might indeed feel some slight pangs of momentary regret, but that most certainly it would be an immense and incontestable relief. 'At last I find a man—and that man a Bedouin— who looks uncommonly miserable !' Raymond started from his seat. The em- press of Japan was looking down upon him, her snowy arms crossed upon her bosom. 'Be honest,' said she, 'and acknowledge that you are horribly bored.' 'Your majesty does me injustice,' Ray- mond answered ;'' I came here merely to rest my eyes, dazzled by the magnificence with which you have surrounded your de- voted subjects.' 'I never like bears who give themselves airs and graces,' said she ; 'confess that this scene is odious to you— and, confess that you are proud !' 'Proud I always am, madam, when you condescend to notice me.' She tapped the divan with her fan im- patiently. I tell you your pride is insup- portable, and in that pride you somewhat resemble me. Wê are two solitary proud ones together, to whom life is a nuisance.' 'Well, madam !' 'Well,' let us quit life— or rather let us toss up our prides, our loneliness, our mise- ries together. Bad materials skillfully blend- ed often make a good dish.' 'If you have a clever cook, but I am no artist.' 'Who asks you to interfere. Leave the cookery to me. I want to try once more whether I can't raise the ghost of former days !' 'Very well. Shall we two go and sit at midnight on the highest pinnacle of the Duomo ?' 'Ridiculous ! I've been up on the Bernina ! Can't you guess where I want to carry you ?' 'No, madam, I confess I can't.' 'How small are your wits. I have resol- ved that you shall take me to Mecca !' 'Indeed ! There are a good many diffi- culties in the way, I'm afraid.' 'We will smooth them. Listen ! to- morrow we start for Cairo ; there you shall teach me Arabic, when I know it, you shall disguise me in any way that you like. The rest is my affair. But, before I leave this world— I see Mecca— and I see it with you !' Raymond thought at first that Lady Ro- vel was only joking, but she soon gave him to understand that she was seriously in earnest, and his embarrassment became great in the extreme. 'But what if some evil befalls you in the Mussulman's country ?' 'You will fight for me, protect me. Is that beyond your courage ?' 'No, but perhaps beyond my strength. And who is to protect me from you ?' 'What do you mean ! I hate riddles.' 'I mean, madam, that my stoicism might possibly fail me— if constantly in your pre- sence.' 'Oh ! you mean that you might fall in love with me. Well, you can if you like ; there will be no harm done, and it will amuse me.' 'Madam,' said Raymond with decision, 'you propose too terrible a risk. The Pro- phet says : 'Cursed are games of chance— flee them, and be happy.' For the first time in her life Lady Rovel had stooped to conquer. She had been repulsed, and was in the highest degree in- censed. She got up, in a furious passion with this man who ventured to oppose her will, and, sweeping past him, looking at him with scorn and hatred in her eyes, she said : 'What a consummate fool is a proud Bedouin, and —how easily mystified !' (To be continued.) 