TABLE TALK. " YtTho may dare uauio tbinys by their real names v "—I'aust. Were it nob fol- two Very dissimilar things, liko cliui'ch collections and their liberal patrons on the one hand; and Viln omnibuses with their crowded occupants on the other, it is much to be feared that the small coin of the realm, vulgarly termed a threepenny " bit," would .{all into com parative disuse. Many aharitable people would blush to put three modest coppers in the plate, but thoyj notwithstanding, have brass enough left to substitute a silver token of equivalent value; As to settling with the conductor of an omnibus; it is often thought most convenient to pay him with the stray pence tliat haVe accumulated in your pockets, aftet tallying the few evening papers. Nobody gives the mode a thought And here let me say a word or two about charity. It is an exemplary virtue thai under certain circumstances I admire, but alas ! for the frailty of human nature and unworthy motives, it is not always a pleasing subject to contemplate: A;B;C.i who gives twenty thoUsatid pounds to folind all Asylum for Shabby and Genteel Incapables, is foolish to hide his .light under a bushel ; but the honorable Patricius Snobb goes to the other extremity when he sends twonty shillings per week for ten consecutive weeks to (he "Truthful Times;'* Ten insertions take place^ and Snobb has his ijtlme constantly before file {jublie as a benevolent and charit; able man. When one newspaper gets tired of reporting him, he subsidises another, *ud so on. It may not be generally known but it is nevertheless true that the largest con tributors to charities are those despised creatures the bookmakers ([ do not mean literary ones) gamblers, and the horseracing fraternity. Envious ones say that these are liberal because they thitlk such action bring them inck. judge not that ye be not judged;" I know some hotels that mark everything in prospective as having been stolen from their premises, and I kuow minv people who do not mark their personal effects or linen with either monogram or name, and yet lose a good deal by the end of every twelve months. It has occurred to me that probably some ancestors of the last referred to care less individuals, may have got into difficul ties through leaving pocket handkerchiefs or other articles of wearing apparel (with names) behind them. Othello's mind was not a little disturbed by so small a matter. It is wise to be careful} also, to whom you giVe your photographs; Mark them like ticket?; "not transferable." You never can tell where they may turn up; Sometimes not in the very best sdcietyi Prom time immemorial women have been reticent upon the subject of their age. No true woman acknowledges her real age or is ever old: You may get.Her to acknowledge that she wears false,teeth, uses just a little rou^e, and because ail her hair fell out some years a^o—well, nearly all—that she wears a little that is not her own, but you can not get her to state, truly, how old she is. This is particularly noticeable on the stage, where few married actresses have the courage to adopt anything but their maiden names. The public they think would fancy them too old. The moral is this—Always compliment women on their extreme youth, and they will smile. There are soma things in the world which no woman will ever do, and one of these is to pour out half a cup of tea when she is asked. Whether this is fl'om sheer pet'ver sity, absolute generosity, or actual incapa city, it is hard to say ; but certain it is that to ask for half a cup of tea is a useless pro ceeding, involving loss of time, temper, and trouble. Another is to write a letter to a' bosom friend without Crossing it. Papet. is: both plentiful and cheap yet, my dear ladies; you will persist in covering sheet after sheet with undecipherable hieroglyphics, forgetting at the same time to croBa your t's and doc your i's. I am afraid this stationery economy is the only one you can be found guilty of. As for waste, the capacity of both sexes in this direction, is marvellous. Consider what salt comes out of a salt cellar and how little is used j how nnich tbi:owu away. It is different with pepper, vinegar, or even mustard, but everybody fully makes up his mind to waste salt, possibly because it is so choap. Indeed it often happens that you place it ou your plate) and it goes away un touched; So, alsoj of the useful little ad juncts called pins, ntteution to which has recently been elsewhere drawn. How few of these are kept any length of time in our possession ! Like the destination of the dead, it is au unsolved mystery where they all go to. There was a time when it was considered more than rude to indulge in excessive eat ing by the upper stratum of society, but Utterly I have noticed a chauge, especially-at public dinners and ball suppers, caterers for which have got to be most careful in their estimates. Wonderful is the capacity of some people's stomachs, their strength, and their long suffering. To see certain indi vidiuls indulging in delicacies, dainties, and the fat of the land is to behold gastrouomic gorgonism and no mistake. I do not see why people should not eat heartily if they are hungry. There is nothing in tho laws of nature against it, therefore I am pleased to see ladies who used to look this and miser able now regaaining health, strength, and corpulency tlirongh the relax ition of that absurd custom that you must only eat spar ingly. Place aux dames 1 Duni vivimus viva inus I A creature of the period and product of tho age is the fashionable parson. The venera able i-nd severe chrysalis of ancient days has developed into the brilliant well-fed butterfly of out own times, who sports with the sunshine of aristocratic favour, and begs, prays, dances, eats good dinners, plays lawn tennis and goes to the theatre ofteinr than many of the Puritanical laity, who don't know the flavor of '32 port or the true quality of a little high game. If their Great Master appeared on earth he would utterly deny them as importers. Social superstttions even in this advanced aoe are by no meaiiB extinct. Few sailors like to set sail on a Friday. Many imagine that they will die soon if they make then wills. Hundreds think that opal rings are unlucky ; and tho amount of persons who believe that 13 is an unlucky number can only be represented by that socially algebrai cal sign, "Legion." Regarding this laa!, the explanation is that the founder of Christianity who, as every one knows, had twelve r.postles, met his death and was be ciayod by one of these samo followers. Arm lets and chirms brittle on people's watch chains, though people would laugh if you accused ihetn of anything in the_shape of fetish. The superstitious element is deeply rooted, though with some it does not go further than two spoons in a toa cup, a division of friendship by tho gift of a knife, tho consequences of a shower of old boots and rico behind a bridal carriage, or a friendly ghost. A worthy friend of mine in the police furce was recently interviewed by a sorrowing individual who had lost a valuable bird. The following is his short and concise description of the ""ungainly fowl," which, I hope, has been restored to its owner. I have omitted some of the original spelling and piofusion of capitals to save the priuter trouble and tho reader pain :— " Descriptions of younge hen about 8 month old | cross with LSamton and Thesent Lro'.dun couiei about the Brest and Part of the Bodey and Blacl, short in the legs Bodey round and liianf' ha; begun to lay old fashion in appearance white gills J f Gnomish Knwla." i mwr lav ujuuuci i. ; oynio,. 