, THE PATHOLOGY OF CHESS. ...-,:. 10- THE EDITOR OP ME LEADER. ,? BiB,-^Havinj lately been coaching for a second fittlo go 'for tho tempting trophy exhibited in 'CoJIins-Btrcot, ; with a view ; of delaying its perman ent residence upon tho sidoboard of a certain dis tinguished first-class, who shall bo nameless, I ?have endured sufferings so great that I mnsfrseck relief in print. See mo, sir, in that mortal agony, with.jvhich conscious humanity views an impend lUilngcan-avcrt the catastrophe but tho concen : bated essence of chess subtlety, to ovoko which rjhe nicest of nico computations of tho relative ipecd at which certain enfranchised pawns can ?reach the royal line is noccBsary. View me. Sir, ;wiUi ruffled brow making tho necessary calcula -lions, surrounded by an interested circle of on ? IpokcrsJ^vhdarc wliisjiering their ideas upon my ^iccry to 'oach other. Oh ! those whispers— they Ipyo muddled my figures entirely. 1 muat be. gin'ttgain.' I do 'so, and nearly 'reach the end, when; lo ! the devotees bf a certain 'como1 which derives its nameirom tho'silcnco'-it Tcniiircs,' commence to lecture somo. unhappy, wight,; for whom Cavendishhns. written in: vain, who has trumped his partner's best spade, or failed to rc tarn tramps, or committed some other mortal sin against tno statutea ottlio. 'silent', gnmo in snch caso made and provided ; and how they do lecture ! Farewell my calculationB, in incrcy to my merciless antagonist,- whom I havo ; rendered fidgctty by my prolonged attempt at considera tion, I move, he nioves, I cease to be. Then fol-, lows aninquc8tand a post mortem, and I, although defunct, am conscious. The jury was empannelled ?irwl nrnnnil mn }\afi\rn T trnvn nn t.h*» nhnst.. nntl now in that ghost's presence are re-enacted all tho wrong moves in my departed life. 'If,' ?w i the leader, ' ho had only done this ;' say others, 'or that,' 'orthat;' 'in fact anything but what he did' say all ; and a verdict is arrived it that I, the afflicted and slain of whisperors and ^(.Uurcrs, who clung to and strove lor life with a ten icity and resolution vforthy of a better fate, died by my own hand in, a (it. of insanity. Do surgeons engaged in vivisection sympathise with the sufferings of their victim ? I think they did before tho days otcholoroform ; perhaps they do now. Docs Mr. Bamford feel for the subject of Ins last attentions? Perhaps he does. But, Sir, do the jurymen who sit upon tho remains of a (lea 1 clicsmnan consider his feelings? No, they do not. And this I testify, being, Sir, A GIIOST. 