CRICKET. Nobwoop v. Hisomabsb (Conclusion).— Jan. 21 This interesting match has resulted in the down fall of the Norwood Club, which, after having held tbe Challenge Cap for four successive yean., has now Inst its third match this season, and consecmentlv its cnance el securing tue premier position ror is-iy-su. For weeks past the return game between these clubs has been regarded as the crucial match, and the most intense and general interest was taken in it from first to last The game was begun on Saturday, January 17, in the presence of the largest attendance which has been seen on the Oval this season, and when the match was played cut on Wednesday there mtut have been fully 1,000 persons on the ground— quite an ex traordinary crowd for an off-day. Though the Hind marsh men have been the popular favourites through out, they having only lost one mstch out of six, the issue of the game was decidedly uncertain even when stumps were drawn on Saturday night Hindmarsh had then scored 153, and Norwood had three men out for 36 runs. The odds were thus a trifle in favour; of the former, but the partisans of the premier club still showed their confidence in the red and white stripes, and hoped that Giffen and McMichael. the notout men, would make a lqng stand before being separated* Both players batted steadily for a time, and 20 rdns were soon added to tl e score, including a splendid hit clean over tbe rope' fcr four. But Giffen, who had made tliis big drive ai d seemed to have got set, was almost immediately a terwards clean bowled by Bul lough. 4—16—56. Richards then came to the rescue, and be pliyi d a grand innings. He begin steadily, took 'the measure of his opponents, and then hit ont \\\ ith great freedom. The ' runs mounted up rapidly, ndas 60and 70 went up on the board the hopes of. t le Norwoods began to rise and those of the Bricks to fill a little, while King several times changed his b iwlinsr. One of these changes at length had the desi ed effect, McMichnel bains the victim. lie was very smartly caught at the wickets off Green, the fast b- wler, who had relieved NpeL McMichael had pLiye I his usual stonewall game, but Ms 15 runs included four hits to the chains. The fifth wicket fell for 7 - one run less than half the number required to w n, and the most trustworthy half of the batsmen tere out. Still, the Norwoods did not lose hear . Their captain, who has pulled so many m itches out of the fire ; in olden days, next appeared between the creases; but he was evidently not at ease. He played the bowling so carefully ti at he was in fully a quarter of an hour before he mad : a run. His' first score wag 3 tc leg, and his second fas a single, and it also proved bis last. He hit a bal high in the air, nearly over the bowler's head, a id Unmet made a brilliant catch, for which he h id to ran from hi3 position s at mid-otf. He was Ion ly and deservedly cheered. 6— 4—91. Richards was still batting well, and seemed good for a big rcoro ; but there was a fear that the tail end of the team might not support him. They had not the chance, however, for by a piece of strange bad management and ill luck he was run out just when his services were most needed. He and Blinman were in together, and they essayed a risky run. They might have got it, perhaps, bnt Blinman fell, and when tbe north wicket was put down both batsmen were standing at the southern end. As they had not crossed, Richards had to retire, though Blinman would have come oat had he been allowed by the Hindmarsh men to do so. But they, as might be expected, declined to allow such a display of magnanimity. They preferred to get rid of the batsman who had given them so much trouble. Richards was thus forced to go, with 26 to his credit, and with 5 still wanted to complete the century. His innings had been an excellent one. His cricket was thoroughly Rood, and he never gave s ghost of a chance. His 26 included half a dozen pretty leg-hits and cuts to the chains. Traynor came next, scored 1, and was clean bowled by Bullough. 8—1—98, and all hope for the Norwoods sinking rapidly, while the Hindmarsh supporters had again become very demonstrative in their applause. Even maiden overs were cheered, and any special piece of fielding received the very hearty approbation of the crowd. JohDs, tbe late second-eleven man, succeeded Traynor, but he couldn't play the little Yorkshire man, who soon had him clean bowled. The ninth wicket fell for 102 runs, and the people began to move off, thinking the match at an end. But Lucas now joined Blinman, and the two tried to revivify the game and to comfort the hearts of their club com panions. They did wonders, but no reasonable person expected them to pull off the 52 runs required to win. They afforded the spectators a lot of fun and the field a good deal of work. Lucas hit the bowling about as if he were sure of scoring a hundred, and only desired to make it as quickly as possible ; but his hits were really splendid ones, and all safe. He got four chainers, a couple,, and three singles, and then Bullough disturbed his stumps, and closed the game with liindmarsh 26 rues ahead. Their victory was received with loud cheering and the throwing up of hats, while Norwood Club supporters went home moralizing on such topics as the weakness of Traynor as a baUman, and the thousand pities that Richirds was so stupidly run out when he was playing so splendidly. The Hindmarsh fielding was excellent, and Burnet and Jams were conspicuously useful. Bullough did most damage with the ball, though Green's 1 wicket for 4 runs is the best average. Scores :— HIKDMARSU. Total score ? 153 NORWOOD. Captain, Mr. J. E. Gooden ; Umpire, Mr. J. H Denby. H. A. Gooden, st Jarvis, b. King ... ? 15 W. C. Dennesa, c. Green, b. Bullongh ... ... 0 A. E. Waldron, run out ... „ ? 16 G. Giffen, b. Bullough ? „. ... 10 A. McMichael, c. Jarvis, b. Green ... ... ... 15 T. 0. Richards, run out ? ... 28 J. £ GoodeD, c Burnet, b. King ... - „. ... i H. Blinman, not out ? ... ' ... ll J. Traynor, b. Bullough ... ... ... ... 1 J. Johns, b. Bull ough ? ... ... ... 3 T. T. Lucas, b. Bullough ... ... ? 17 Bye 1, leg-byea 2 ... ... ... ? 3 Total „. ... -. ... ... —127 Bowling' Analysis. .: Balls. Buns. Mdns. Wkts. Bullough ... ... 138 00 6 5 Noel ... ? 60 28 1 — King ? ... 90 21 3 2 Arthur ... ... ... 42 11 2 — G. Green ...... 36 4 8 1 