THE MERCURY. THÜRSDAT MORNING, DEO. IG, 1880. TUE Municipal elections aro over, and now that the public have had time to consider the result« dispassionately, there is a marked absence of any tendency to complaint. On the contrary, there is a general disposition to accept the verdict of the different constituencies as a wise ono, and calculated to infuso new lifo into tho working of our Municipal institutions. In some instances good men havo, perhaps, had to give place to mon of inferior capability and fitness, but there has unquestionably been also tho compensating advantage of better men supply- ing the placo of retiring dignitaries. Justice may not have in every instance been done ; the "survival of the fittest" may not have boon in each caso the result, but such anomalies aro inseparable from popular election and respon- sible government. Tho voice of the people does not always reflect a man'B merits, but there is, on the whole, a sort of general balance struck, which somehow generally avoids the blundor of fixing a square peg in a round hole. The interest manifested in tho rural munici- palities was anything but intense. Yet there has been no cause to charge tho ratepayers with apathy, and where there was apparont in- difference, it might be traced to a conviction that a change would not be for the better. This ho« been conspicuously shown in the matter of electing Wardens. In what may be called the suburban municipalities, Glenorchy, and Ciar .nee, the late Wardens, Meurs. MURRAY and LAUB have been re-elected. < New Norfolk h» stuck to its old love, and Mr. JAMIESON who has been Warden of that Municipality nineo itf institution, still holds the position, an honour, we believe, without a parallel in Tasmania, but an honour well merited. In fact Mr. JAMIESON is part and parcel of the Council, and his brother councillors and the ratepayers vie with each other in the respect in which they hold him. The neighbouring Municipalities of Hamilton and Bothwell have re-elected their tried servants, Mr. KINO and Mr. ALLISON. Tho samo may bo said of Green Ponds, which though sorely I exercised by the ghost of a deceased clerk's defalcations, has exonerated Mr. UOBRINCJB from any blame by his unanimous re-election. Mr. GUNN promises to bo a veteran Warden, Brighton having aguin committed to him its confidence. The name remark applies to Mr. SIMMONS at Richmond. The hon. Mr. DODERY still, and deservedly, retains premier position at Longford, as do Mr. FLETCHER at Campbell Town, Mr. WESTBROOK at Ross, Mr. HAUT at Delorninoj Mr. COLLINS at pvandalo, Mr. JONES at Westbury, Mr. LYNE at Glamorgan, and Mr, SALMON at Spring Say. Tho chief magistracy in the other Rural Municipalities has passed into other hands. In Fingal Mr. GBUEBER takes tho placp of a very efficient officer, but the chango -w88 necessary, consequent on Mr. CARTER'S contemplated re- moval from the district. In Oatlands Mr. JOHN CARR Lonn supersedes Mr, A, T. PILLINGER, who declined re-election, Only in Sorell was the Wardenship matter of contest, Mr. PEACOCK:, in taking the place of Mr. CORAM, succeeds a popular and efficient Warden, who had to succumb principally because there was a not unnatural (lesire to not confine the honour, but allow all a chance. Passing from the Rural Municipalities, we find that Launceston ljas paid Mr, ADYK DOUGLAS tho well-merited compliment of re-plficf-lng bim Mayor. The act was creditable alike to t)>o Municipal pounoil, and to him whom it thus delighted to honour. Mr. DOUGLAS will havo in his (look a now niambar, tho ratepayers having, apparently from the puro loyo of chango, supplanted Mr. THOMPSON by Mr. ELLIS. We arp not aware of anything that could lead us to say that (¡ho ra{.opayors of Launceston hayo made a mistake, but wo think wo aro justified in stating that Mr. ELLIS owes as muoh to the apathy of the electors as to his own merits. If wo mayjudgo, by what our Launceston corre- spondent says, that i#wn fyas pn tftis occasion committed t-ho gravo mistako of Hqbatt Town in J.877, whon, ip consequence of apathy or \--at- ""i" ",."» ena ",,*"'"f over confidence, only some §09 out of 3¡p00 voters exercised their right, and Messrs. WATCHORN, ADmsoy, and DALY defeated Messrs. BROWNELT., BELBIN, and PBABOE-a mistake which the citizens havo just, and, as far as possible, rectified. Howovpr unpleasant it may be to the defeated gentlemen there can bo no doubt ft»t thero is a singular unanimity in the expression of satis- faction which the result of last Thursday's voting has caused. Yet this satisfaction is not without a feeling of regret that the stern duty should have been imposed of rejecting a gentle- man who had so far socured tho approval of tho citizens as Mr. WATCHORN had dono, till, in an evil hour for his reputation os a public man, he lent a too willing ear to tho blandit|hmpnts of his neighbour, Mr, Alderman PIKE, who shirks the proper appeal to tho electors by nnadmiseri cordiam appeal to tho City Council, to which he Becks to lend attraction by an insano attack o» The Metcury that has boen guilty of speaking out, irrespectivo of persons, when the public interest demanded this of us, The Press is subject to tho common lot, which imposes on all unpleasant duties. Such a duty Mr. WATCHORN forced on us when, forgetting tho principles of action which not a week before he had himself laid down, he weakly assented, at Mr. PIKE'S importunity, to that which in public he had stated lie would never assent to. Jn this, apart from the wrong which would havo been done had a discarded officer's opinion been pre- ferred to that of the responsible officor of tho Corporation, Mr. WATCHORN showed himself de- ficient in that firmness which, without degene- rating into stubbornness, is an indispensable qualification in a public man. Mr. WATCHORN was dealt with not alone for what he had done, but from a fear that in the large expendi- ture contemplated in connection with our watorworks nnd sewerage, he would be an easily moulded instrument in the hands of Alder- man PIKE, whoso views in connection with these matters have not the approval of the citizens. The lesson Alderman WATCHORN has boon taught has beon a smart one, but there is oppor- tunity for a sphere of future usefulness before that gentleman which ho may all tho moro creditably discharge if ho has the good sense to accept the lesson ho has been taught in tho propor spirit. When Mr. WATCHORN is guided by his own instincts he is safe. On the recent occasion he allowed himsolf to be over persuaded in a mattor to which the citizens attached a deserved importance. The now MAYOR appears in danger of making shipwreck on tho samo rock. Probably out of a feeling of gratitude to Alderman PIKE for his position as Chief Magistrate of the city, tho new MAYOR, at last meeting of the Council, seemed nervously anxious to aid, counsel, and advise Alderman PIKE in his attempt to gag tho Pross, for that, as much as the whitewashing of Alderman PIKE, is sought. Tho two gentlemen will find that they aro kicking against the pricks, but so zealous wero they in their vain effort, that the gentleman whoso duty it is, as Chairman, rather to liston than to deliberate, was tho first to take up the cue of Alderman PIKE, and indecorously supported tho application of that gentleman by sovoral little speeches ; an indis- cretion that the now MAYOR should havo avoided, for lie cannot but bo awaro that his elevation to the Mayorship has not met the un- mixed approval of the citizens, and his first essay I at presiding over the deliberations of tho Council was not a happy one. Wehavonodo3Íroto disputo Mr. H AH COURT'S claim to tho position ho has secured. His past career as an Alderman has been a praiseworthy one. Wo did our best to securo his election as an Aldorman last year, and wo havo seen no cause to regret the part we then took. Nay moro, wo can cheerfully congratulate him on the gratification of an honourable ambition, though wo could havo wished that tho City of Hobart had boon indebted to other influence and agency for its Mayor for the year. The fact that Mr. HARCOURT occupies the Mayor's chair by the vote of just one-third the small body that constitutes the Council, and by tho casting, and thus double, vote of Aldorman PIKE, has given rise to much comment. It is felt that there is something rotten in tho state of Denmark. Two years ago the lato MAYOR owed his election to a casting voto, and this recurrence of so un- satisfactory a contingency is hold to point to the conclusion that the Council 1B too small a body to bo entrustod with the responsibility of electing a Mayor, Cabal, intriguo, and cliquism can so easily make themselves felt. The alternative demands serious consideration. There are, no doubt, difficulties in the way, chief among which is tho risk of a gentleman being elected who, having had no previous training, might require too much schooling to bo an effioient Mayor. But that might easily be overcome ; and ovon in tho faco of any such difficulty, the solution of the ques- tion which ÍB now agitating the publio mind would soem to be in the eleotion of the Mayor being committed directly to the Citizens, nstoad of remaining with the Aldermen. Crnr COUNCIL.-A meeting of the Council is to be held this afternoon. The only business on the notioe paper is the oonslderaUon of application« for the »Itaafloa of nnwinger ' 1 VIOE-BKOAL.-His Excellency the Adminis- trator of the Government, Sir . Honry Lofroy, Lady and Miss Lofroy, with Captain HuBscy, Private Seoretary,_ and the lionà. tho Colonial Treasurer and Colonial Secretary, returned from their trip to the Huou yesterday evening. His Excollenoy loft tho Picnic, Victoria, early in the morning to indulge his botanical tastes, and made a collection of a variety of orchids. After- wards. Sir Henry and party went up tho Huon for Boino distance in a boat, but a shower of rain coming on they returned to the Picnic. The party left that place at 2 o'clock, and rouched town between 5 aud 0 o'clock. INWARD ENOLISII MAIL.-The It.M.S. Siam anchored in Hobson'a Bay at 3 p.m. yesterday, and tbo s.s, Mangana, altor trannhippiug tho Tasmanian portion of the English mail from the mail steamer, left the Bay at 3-30 p.m. Tho Mangana should reach Low Heads about 11 o'clock this morning, and, as the tido will bo favourable, should ;;et up to the Ljitinaeslon wharf about 2 p.m. This will cnablo mail» lo bo forwarded by express train to Hobart Town. A delivery v/ill, therefore, tako placo at tho General Post Odbe at or about 10 15 p.m. WEsr HOBART.-We am informed that a deputa- tion of electors waited yesterday afternoon upon Mr. James Gray and invited him to consent to bo nominated as a candidate for the vacant seat in the Houso of Assembly, that the deputation referred to Mr, Gray'B previous servioea as a member for tbo 'district arning'six years up to resigning his seat in 1877, and proceeding to Europe, and that Mr. Gray, after briefly touching upon matters political and replying to questions from the deputation, left himself in their hands, COUNCIL OF EDUCAT(Otf,~The annual meeting of the Counoil is to be held at tho Town Hall, at noon to-day, to rcooive the report of the examiners as to the result of the A.A. Degree examination ; and to award scholarships, exhibitions, and the degree. The proceedings will, as UBual, be open to tho public, Admission to the reserved seats will bo by the front entrenqo, and. to tj(o oj.her part of tim hall by the qoorleadifig to tho Library, l'lie Rev. George Olarko is again the President tbis year. His Excollenoy the Acting Governor and Lady Lofroy will, no doubt, be present, Tho annual Innohoon is to take placo at Webb's rooms at 1 o'clock. In the table of marka of the Scholarships published yester- day, Warnock was credited with only 03 for arith- metic and ouolid, instead of 190, The totçj was correct, ülemons' motto was !' Ü.'l 1 FUNERAL OF "THE LVTB ' MR. J. D. BALFE, M.H.A.-The remains of the late Mr. J. D. Balfe, M.H.A-i who died fit bis, lepidenra, at Battery Point, on Monday up, wpfo Interred in the Cor- nelian Bay Cemetery' ypstprday morning. ¿'np corpse had been removed to St. joseph's Qlmrpn the previous, evening- Early yustorday morning mass was oelebrated in tho ohnroh for the repose of the deceased's soul, several lights and vnses of flowers bein); placed around the coffin during this service, as well as during the other service, The burial cpramony, In appqrdanee with the Roman ritual, waa pqnducted at tho oburoh by tho Rev, W, J. Dunne, who also offlgjated at tho gravo. Half an hour before the service at the church, the bellB were tolled, and this was repeated whilst tho funeral procession was on its way to the cemetery. The tortéqe, whiob was a yory lar^e pnoj moved from qt. 'ifoBophls Church shortly ¡iftor lo a.m. Among the follower? were the Bishop of Hobart lown, l\ev. rayners »youus, luuipuy, xiLuuuuiy, Mi ÁfiflflnÍPori ^t Kalah, O'Rcgan, Gi]leran, O'Reilly. %nd (jallanan, irnrt tho fqllqwing members of 'Parliament i-MeBstB. li. L. Crowther, Dobson, Salier, Lewis, Belbin, and Clark, besides a number of the leading oitiflene, Tho lion. 0. Q'fleilly was one of the chief mourners, together with the immediate members of deceased's family. Those pTesont at the funeral wore truly representative of the many friends, both rich and poor, which the late Mr. J. D. Balfe had. The coffin beforo leaving the ohurc)) wa,*, oovored with flowers, I,W\\(Í ii) the form of croases and wreaths, 'which had been ar- tistically arranged by the £¡¡sters of Charity, one of whom is Miss Balfe, tho deceased gentleman's daughter, sod these remained on thp pojfln when placed in the grave. It is hut right to say that the bon. tho Premier, and the hon. the Colonial Seoretsry wcio provented from being present by having to bo in attendance on the Go\ ernor iu his visit to the Huon, while the hon. the Attorney General was unable to pay the tributo of respect to the deceased, as his professional dutios detained him ¡n the Griminal Court, willoh watj sitting yes: tordny forenoon. FUNERAL OF A VOLUNTEER.-Tho funeral of Mr. Charles ljuokhursr, who was formerly Bandmaster of the S.T.V.A. band, but moro recontly the Trumpet:Mnjor of tho pprps, took place yesteiday afternoon. It was conducted with military honors. The college was formed in front of St. Joseph's Church, the arrangements being as follows :-The firing parly | tho band, undpr Bandmaster Schott j a gun carringa with the collin surmounting tho gun j a body of Riflemen and the Artillery ; and the friends and relatives of the deaeasod (in vehioles). Major Crowther and somo other commissioned officers of tho Artillery and Rifle Regiment were present. The pall bearers wore Sergeants Major Brear, R A., Hood, and Plunkett, with Master Gunnor Chisholm. Thero were about 170 Volunteers, all told, in attendance. The interment took place at the Cornelian Bay Cemetery, the band playing the "Dead March" in Saul and other appropriate music on the way thither, and also lively airs on the way back. SCOTCH COLLEGE ATHLETIC SPORTS -Yesterday the boys of the Scotch College had a picnic in the neighbourhood of Kangaroo Point. O'May's steamer Success was hired for the occasion, and the trip to and from Bellerive was performed with that punctuality so characteristic of the Brothers O'May. The weather being all that could be wished, advantage was taken of the convenience and quietness which the spot afforded for indulging in the various athletic games which the boys had been diligently practising for several weeks. There were in all 23 events and 79 entries, 14 for seniors No. 1 and 2, 8 for juniors, and half- mile race for all comers. Louis Fookes carried off the prizes for the Flat Race (100 yards), Flat Race (250 yards), High Jump, and Pole Jump ; D. Propsting, for Throwing Cricket Ball and Half-Mile Race ; R. Propstring and A. Gregory the Three-legged Race. Of seniors No. 2, E. Stump won the Flat Race (100 yards), P. Murdoch Flat Race (250 yards), S. Ellis High Jump and Sack Race, Butterfield Pole Jump, R. King Sack Tournament, A. Omant and Regan the Three-legged Race, and C. Hodgins the Consolation Race. Among the juniors, J. Sharp won the Flat Race (100 yards) and High Jump, J. Murdoch Flat Race (150 yards), Magrath and Woodin the Three-legged Race. In the juniors No. 2, W. Stump won the Flat Race (100 yards), J. Pregnell Sack Race, A. Wilkins and H. Stevens the Three-legged Race, and F. Galwey the Con- solation Race. SEAMEN'S BOATRACC-A raco in two oared skiffs took place on the Derwent last evening, between picked crows representing the port nnd starboard watches of the ship Wogoola. The course was from the vessel round the buoy off the butts. The orews wore ¡-Port : J. Ferguson, A. Peterson, and-Heyelop (cox.). Starboard: E. Sharland, E. Felix, and P. Wethorman (cox.). The Starboard orow wcro victorious, winning by about eight lengths. The race was rowed in Omin. 42seo. PROFESSOR CAVIIX.- Although a number of persons have signified their intention of taking lessons iu the art of swimming should Professor Cavill come here, as proposed, in January next, tho number is not quite largo enough to justify the Bathing Association in carrying out n proposal whioh might prove a very costly one to them. In order to tho success of the movement it is absolutely necessary for the publio to oxtend their support. Few things are of greater importance and utility to the young of any community than to know how to swim properly, and especially to bo able to either Bavo ODO'B self or to rosouo another from drowning. Mr. Cavill is not only a fancy swimmer, but ho is an exceedingly skilful one, and professes to teaoh how to exeroiso the art with the least expenditure of energy-a point, the acquisition of which is the perfection of swim- ming. In addition to these practical advan- tages which would attond a visit of Mr. Cavill, the natatorial exhibitions which ho, in conjunction with his three ohildren, Rives aro suoh as to invariably secure the utmost admiration from tho spectators. It is to be sincerely trusted that the proposal may not fall through for the want of the requisite number of pupils to start with ; the professor will, on his arrival, have no difficulty in securing the remainder immediately he gives a display of what he ia capable of. Wo have boen requeBtod to state that tbo lists of intending pupils will bo closed on Saturday. We should think that this is a matter which is in every respect entitled to tho support of the principals of the various sohools. Applications may be addressed to Mr. It. J. Rogerp, Murray-street. THE FEHRE FAMILY.-A meeting to make arrange- ments for assisting the Fehre family, recently burnt out at Sandy Bay, was held in the Queenborough schoolroom last evening. The following were ap- pointed a committee :-Messrs. Murdoch, Row- lands, Carlson, F. Lipscombe (treasurer), and Abbott (secretary). These gentlemen, together with Messrs. R. J. Lucas, Coyle, N. P. Neilson, Scott, and F. Grosse, have promised to collect sub- scriptions in aid of the family. The case is a very deserving one. The family having lost their home, are living in the stable on Fehre's land until, they can erect a house of some kind, and as they are very industrious and receive a good character from all who know them, some substantial assistance will no doubt be given them, The Manchester Unity Lodge of Oddfellows have voted them £10. The committee will meet on Monday next, at 7 p.m., in the schoolroom. THE CHRISTMAS CONCERT.-The Orchestral Union announces that its appropriate annual performance of Handel's oratorio The Messiah will take plaoe at the Town Hall, under the patronage of His Excel, lenoy the Governor, on Christmas night. In order not to interfere with the evening chu rob services, the concert will not commence until half-past 8. Tiokots may be obtained at the loading bookBellors, and new subscribers enrolling before the 20th inst. will receive three tickets for the oooasion. This evening a speolal rehearsal of The Messiah will be held at the Freemasons' Hall, commencing at 7 o'clook, for both vocalist« and orchestra, and a full attendance of member» ii requested ¿by the eon*. ductor, HerrSohott. ' ' > ' ? . - f - ^ . "' CRIMINAL SRSSIONS.-The Criminal Sessions of tho Supreme Court wero concluded shortly after 1 o'clock p.m. yesterday, when the jurors were thanked for their attendance and discharged. In tlio |First Court His Honor tho Chief Justice presided, and the Solicitor-General prosecuted. Michael Donovan, who was brought up at tho pre- vious sessions, hut in consequence of the jury being nuable to agree was remanded, was tried on the chargo of stealing a watch from tho Donison Hotel, and acquitted. Benjamin Mclnolty, who had tho previous day pleaded guilty to committing bigamy, was sentenced to four years' imprisonment. Eliza Taylor, who had pleaded guilty to breaking into Mr. Johnsou's grocci's ehop, nnd stealing lollies, etc., was ordered to be imprisoned for six calender months. In the Second Court His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson presided, and the Attorney-General conducted the cases on behalf of the Crown. Georgo Everett, a jr.mig man, was acquitted of the chargo of stealing a pocket-book from Mr. Cvkloy, nt Cam- pania. Edwin Kaubon, another young man, was found guilty of wounding a steer belonging to a neighbour at the Uiver Plenty, but as it was con- sidered that ho hid received great provocation by reason of the frequency of the visits of tho animal to his father's wheat field, a nominal torm of im- prisonment was imposed. CITY POLIO« CatrnT.-Mr. W. Tarleton, P.M., disposed of the majority of the oases at the City Poiico Court yesterday morning. Two drunkards wero each fined 5s., with the usual altei native Mory Marley, who was charged with laroony, was discharged nn the application of Superintendent Pedder, there being no evidence to offer against her. Three lads, named Edward Brookman, Edward Stewart, and James Clements, were charged by Mr. Quodling, C D.C., with having disturbed the public peace, at New Town, on the evening of the 10th inst. They pleaded guilty. They boys had, on the evening in question, by knocking at the door of the Wesleyan Chapel, New Town, annoyed the congregation, who were engaged in public worship within the chapel. The Police Magistrate said it was a sad thing to see, three lads like defendants brought up on such a charge. They themselves seemed to have no reverence for sacred things, but they should have known better than to disturb those who were at worship. The Magistrate thought it was too bad that people could not go to church without being molested by young scamps, such as defendants were, and said it was a case he did not feel disposed to pass over lightly. Had it not been their first appearance in the Court he would have inflicted, on them the full extent of the law. Defendants were fined 80s. 6d. with the option of one month's' imprisonment. Frederick l|nnney and John Livingstone, who wore charged with stealing n watch, were remanded till tho 17til ¡mt , to allow the prosecutor time for attendance ç,t the Court. The remaining cases requiring two magis- trates, and Mr. Geo, Salier. J.p., fue Bacond magis- trate on the roster not being in attendance, the business of tho Court could' not proceed. After a la.p6e oí over half nu hour Mr. VV. Ferguson, J.P., tQok a soat on tho Bonall, Thomas Rigney, who had been arrested on warrant, was complained of by Mr. Superintendent Peddor, that he had failed lo comply with an order made by two magistrates to pay 1(K weekly for the support of his youpriqr fihjldrcn, Xtcfoudant was £11 3s. in aireáis up to the Gth of December, 18S0. Defendant admitted the amount. The Bench ordered a distress warrant to be issued against his goods and chattel», and if tho inqney obtained ! fiom, the qalo of these things was insufficient to pay off the amount, defendant would be committod to jjaql fqr three months, Standish Osborn was pro ! oeeded against hy Mr, I* R.,Castray, the Secretary , of the Tasmanian Club, for havlug, on the 10th i IIB t., been absent from service before the lawful termination,of his engagement with the club. Do t fendant pleaded not guilty. Tho Police Magistrate , stated that he hiuisçjf bejng (\ member of the TUB J maumu Club, defendant was in pnxt a servant of his, and therefore he thought tho case had better Up ' tried before magistrates not members of the dub. ! The services of, Mr, Jamep Roherlson, J.F-., having , boen obtained, ho, in conjunction with Mr, Per. nnflon diqnnqprl of th« niiqn Tlpfnndiirtfc lind hppn guson, uisposea or mo caso, ueionaani uaa ueen acting as hoad walter at tho club, but auother walter having been engaged, was put over defen- dant. On the 10th inst. défendant carno late to his work, and when spoken to about it by Air. Castray, ho said ho intended to leayg that day, as ho thought lie bad not buen properly treated. Dospito Mr. Castray'« remonstrances with defendant, ho left his place without loave, and was accordingly proceeded against. The defendant was fined 40s,, with the alternativo of 14 days iu gaol. Un tbo application of Mr, Simmonds, on behalf of Mr. A. I. Clark, solicitor, tho heating for an application for a judg- ment summons, which was to take place yesterday, in the case of Lovell v. Moore, was postponed for a week, as the defendant had paid a portion of the account, aud wanted a week longer to pay the bqlanoe, , CHANGING A CHEQUE AND SWINDLINO THE OWNER -A young man named Samuel Miller, who was in tho employment of Mr. Aughoy, the lioensce of the Albion Hotel, did on Tuesday what he doubtless considered a smart thing. A farmer named Plaice, residing at tho Tea Tree, who to Bomo extent appears to have been acquainted with Miller, outrusted a cheque for £44 4s. 8(1. to his eure, and naked him to go and change it at the Coinmcroial Bank. Miller exeouted that part of tho commission, but appears to havo been unable to resist tho temptation of appropriating such a largo sum of monoy. AB ho did not return, the matter was reported to the police, and a search was made for Miller, but without his being found. It was supposed that ho bad stowed himself away in the B.s, Arawata, but an unsuccessful search was also made of that vessel bpforo she sailed for Mel- bourne As tho principal part of tho money paid to Miller consisted of bank notes, it ought not to bo a very ditflcult matter to recover some, if not all of it. ' To-Niani's ECLINE.-Thero will bo a total , eclipso on tho moon to-night, visible throughout Australia. At Hobart Town tho phases will take place as follows :-First contact with tbo penumbra, ÎO'20 p.m.; first contact with the shadow, 1T34 ; beginning of totality, 13'43 a.m.] middle of the eclipse, l-30 a.m.; end of totality, 2'45 ; last con- tact with tho shadow, 3'25 ; last contact with the j .penumbra, 4*30. PUBLICATION.-Tho Tasmanian Catholic Standard dovotcs its leading column to somo remarks about tho forthcoming re-opening of St. Mary's Cathedral, willah ia to tako place on Sunday, 23rd January next. Great preparations ave being made for the event. There is a large amount of interesting local and general news in this number. MR. R. A. PROCTOR.-Mr. Proctor'sastronomical lectures attracted large audiences in Australia, but his roception there appears cold in comparison with tho interest excited by bis dicourscs in Now Zea- land. Commencing less than two months ago in tho South Island (says tho Argus), his audiences quite filled the Garrison Hall, tho largest public room in tho colonies, next to tho Melbourne Town Hall ; and in Christchurch, Wellington, Nelson, and other cities, his success was equally great. In Nolson, especially, Mr. Prootor was most cordially welcomed. Tho governors of tho collogo took course tickets for the 130 pupils who carno ¡from all parts of tho colony, the principals of tho ladies schools also took course tickets for 'thoir elder scholars, and through the kindness of the Bishop and othor influential residents a special looturo was arranged for the public sohool , children. It is not surprising, therefore, to lind Mr. 3 Proctor, who has given several courses of lectures I in .' the hub of the univorse," declaring that he j regarded Nelson ns the Boston of Now Zealand, Whon the Rotomnhana left tho popular lecturer was on tho point of starting for Napier in response I to a requisition signed b3' the Mayor and all tho ( loading residents ; and on Christmas Eve ho was to ( close a fortnight's course of leoturcs in the Choral L hall, Aucklaud, whence it was his intention to , Bail for Stn Francisco. Instoad, howovor, of I carrying out this arrangement, he is to rottim south, so that it ia not improbable that he may | rovisit Australia and give some farewoll lectures. Since the abovo was writton, wo loam that Mr. Proctor has given up his intended return to the southern part of tho colony, and is about to bring his lectures to an abrupt termination. Ho writes to tho New Zealand Times:-" When I was last in Wellington I stated that I should probably return and deliver two or threo lectures hore. In like manner at Christchurch and Dunedin, I men- tioned the purpose I then entortained of returning and giving such of my lectures as I had not delivered during my stay iu those citios. In oaob caso the kinduoss with whioh I had boon rooeived caused mo to desire to revisit Boones whole I had such pleasant greetings; and in oaoh case the wish to return was fathor"to tho thought that I probably should return. Indeod, I planned my future course so as to includo fresh visits to Tasmania, Victoria, and Now South Wales, whoro I lind already been most kindly welcomed, and a visit to Queensland, whoro I have not loeturcd, and uow never shall. For I find that two feelings homo-sickness and ásense (which has always been strong within me) of the irksomeness of.leoturiug grow so muoh upon me that I am at last com- pelled to assign an oarly date for the close of my lecture work. I have deoided to let tho course of lootures I am to give at Auckland (ending December 21th) oonoluds not only my colonial leo turoB, but my lecturing career. This will have lastod II years, during whioh time I shall havegivon 1,123 lectures in all/ 501 out of Great Britain, and of these 1 IG iu Australia. In saying that I have received as kindly a grooting in Australia as in America, I should have thought throe months ago that I Was saying all that could he Baid, for I con hordly ex- press my sense df tho kindness and genial warmth of mv rocoption in the United States and Cai.odo. But Now'Zealand'has ceitáinly gone a little ahead (she could not possibly have gone far ahoad) even of America, Australia, and' Tasmania in this respeot. I shall always retain the warmest recollection of the kindness of my welcome in this colony." NBW ZEALAND.-Our files by the Arawata are to the 10th inst.. The murderer Tuhi bas at length given an intelligible motive for the murder of Miss Dobie. He now says that after he obtained the few shillings from her Bhe told him she would tell the soldiers of his conduct. He resolved, to prevent that, as he was afraid he would be arrested, so he determined to kill her, and did so. The natives look uponthe murder as the act of a dastard, and ?aytkitTuhi mut have bon drinking. Heisto he tried in Wellington, without delay. Ho has several times reiterated his desire to bo killed at once. The Government have reduced the rato of wages paid to the "unomployod" to 4s. per doy for married men, and 3s. for singlo men. Tho reason given for this reduction ia the largo mimbar of mon in Canterbury and Otago who still prefer to remain in receipt of Government pay rather than accept slightly biqher wages from private omployers for farm work. On the West Coast tho *' unem- ployed " aro decreasing. Tho efforts of tho Govern- ment in the direction of retrenchment will bo moro or less neutralised by the heavy sums payable for compensation to dismissed officers, and the whnlo question is one besot with many difficulties. Tho property tax, owing to tho many exemptions and the bungling character of the Act under which it ia levied, is likely to produce very much less thau tho estimate. In other respects the revenue is showing signs of recovery. Tho Otago Daily Times says financial matters aro porfectly sound, and thoro is plenty of money availablo for all legitimate business purpnsei. The work of surveying the Parihaka block of 13,000 acres, which it lins been decided to put into tho market, is proceeding with little inter- ruption : now and then a fow snrvoy pecs havo been pulled np, but there is no organised insistance. The cause of tho firo which destroyed tho engine and tramcar Bhed of Mr. David Proudfoot, proprietor of the Dunedin tramways, is still a mystery. Tho belief isthat it waa tho work of an incendiary, whose objeot was to injure Mr. Proudfpot by interrupting the traffic on the tram-lines. Tho extraordinary thing about it is that two men wero wide »waka on the premises at the time, and had been working for some boura before upon tho plant The firo broke out with such sudden violenoo as to endanger tho lives of these mon, and to suggest tho idea of incen- diarism. A larne reward has been offered for information by Mr. Proudfoot who is a heavy loser. A WHALE CASE.-A most amusing caso, arising out of the stranding of a whalo on the Now Brighton Beach, over which there has been alroady ono lawsuit, was heard at the Diatrlot Court, Christchurch, N.Z., a few days »go. Mr. Spack- man, in opening tho caso, »aid that it was au action to recover the tangible results of boiling down a whale. The plaintiffs in October last became pos- sessed of a whalo lying on tho boaoh nt New Brighton, and took possession of it, In " Black- stone" we read that the whalo ia a royal fish, and that an the taking of a whalo on tho coast it shall bo divided between King and Queen, the head only being the King's property, and tbo tail oí it tho Queen's ; and Bracton says that it differs in this from the sturcoon, of which tho King is entitled to tho wholo. The reason of tho division assigned by the ancient records was to furnish tho Qnocn's wardrG.be with whalebone-a reason more whim- sical than the division itself, because, as Mr. Christian observée, tha whalebone lies entirely in the head, But, probably from tho Queen's ward roue at present uoing wen supplied wini ino article in question, or perhaps from the light thrown by modern natural history on the anatomy of the whale, in this case no olaim had been mado by the Crown, and the question before His Honor waa as to whether tho plaintiffs' possessory right was suffi- cient to enablo them to maintain trover. Even, tnally an amicable arrangement was arrived at, tho defendants paying costs, THE GUARDS.-^It ¡s only on most urgent occa- sions that tho lfonsehold Guards aro ordered for service way from London and AVindsor. Sincetho Peninsular Campaign and Waterloo, tho Brigade of Foot Guards (says the Argiu) has only done duty abroad iu tho Crimea and in Canada, and therefore the departure of tho Coldstream Guard« for Ireland was made the occasion of a demonstration. The first battalion, which waa stationed at Cholsea barracks, numbers about SOO strong, and is com- manded, by Colonel Julian Hall, and it is this con ttngent that has loft London to assist in quelling the disturbances in Ireland. The Telegraph department requests us to ask the sender of the message addressed "Hermitrope" to call at the Telegraph Office. A baaaar in aid of the funds for erecting a Roman Catholic Church at Now Norfolk is to bo openod at the local Library Hall, on Monday, December 27, by Mr. A. Riddoch, M.H.A, The distribution of prises to tho pupils of tho City School is to take place in St. David's schoolroom to- morrow afternoon. The annual regatta at Port Esperance will bo held on Thursday, March 10. The annual strawberry feast at Valleyfield will be held to-morrow, and ni Bushy Park, on Wednesday, 22nd inst, A court to hear appeals against the city assessment roll is to be hold at tho Town Hall, on Friday, 24th inst. This evening a toa meotincr. to woloome tho Itov. n. R. Finnis to the parish of Clarence, is to be hold in tho Bellerive Instituto. Archdeacon Davenport will presido, A meeting; of the Derwent Sailing Boat Club is to beheld thin evening, at tho Nautilus Hotel. A leoture on " China and the Chinese," illustrated by dissolving views, is to be given in the schoolhouse, Jerioho. on Fridav evenincr. 