gupiatlto. WINTER BUTTEB MAKING. THE DAISY. {By Henry Stewart, in Mural New Yorker.) IF the first requisite for good butter is the c9w, the second is the dairy room or house," for it is useless to'procure good milk, if it is spoiled in the keeping. A dairy room should have an even temperature, and in the winter may be kept at 45 to 50 degrees. One that is partly underground and has an apartment over it for churning and washing pans, etc., is preferable, as it will need no artifioial heating jby a stove. I prefer one with brick walls, white-washed with lime, plastered overhead, 'and with a cement or flags ton e$por; that 'has the windows above ©round and faaingthe jsouth and weBt; the windows, covered With .fine wire gauze outside and hinged at the top, so that they.may .be opened by raising and hookiog up the'sash. The window being close to the oeiling,'ventilates the room completely. My own aim in a dairy house is a 'building having a brick baeenient in a Hillside, with ice-house in the rear, haying a chute on the bank through which to put in' ice; and the milk zoom in the front, with ; porch for airing this cants and'~pails. Over the milk rootu Bhall be the churning abd washing room,, provided with a water heater, and with anelevator forpassing cream and butter up and down, and stairs leadingbelow ; also a sink with taps from a tank above. Over the milk room shall be a tank supplied from a well, 1 by a windmill overtopping the whole. From the tank, water may flow through a pipe into the rooms below, for. use in washing' pans or supplying witer in case the submerged-oah system of setting the milk might be used at any time. A sink and drain may also be carried from the, milk room. The tank will be high enough to Bupply the house and the barn with water through pipeB. The cost of the whole estimate to be about 600dol. for a dairy of 50 oows, and no one oan doubt that it will be a profitable investment for the maker of extra butter. THE CHURNING. When I enter this part of my subject I touch a broad field, over which lie, in perspective, the ghosts of a score or more of discarded and departed churns. The misery of a butter-maker is the endless variety of churns. There are many good churns, beginning with the oldfashioned up-and-down one, which recalls my boyhood when I waited for my cup of fresh buttermilk, and often waited three hours; for in those days the whole milk was churned. Now I can get my buttermilk in eight minutes, or less, by the old kitchen clock, which never varies from year's end to year's end. But it is not from an up-and-down chum, which, although it makes good butter, is a man and woman killer; it is now from a rectangxdar" churn, and it is right angled without any doubt, for the butter not only •'comes quickly, but in such an excellent shape, being beaten about by these proper angles, as to greatly facilitate the washing and preparing of the butter. To particularise, let me recall the churning of the 7th of January, 1880, because this was an eventful one, and settled in my mind some questions which were previously doubt ful to me. My crossbred three-year- old Jersey and Ayrshire cow, Maida, had been fresh two weeks, and thiB was the first churning of six days' milk. Tne cream —12 quarts exactly—was turned into the rectangular churn aforesaid, and the ohurn and cream were both at a temperature of 65 degi After churning for eight minuteB precisely, making 70 revolutions of the ohnra per minute, I WM surprised to hear the " slap dash" of the buttermilk, and was more than surprised on opening the churn to see so magnificent a sample of butter. The mass of golden butter was in small grains from the size of sago grains up to that of buckshot, lying in an irregular mass piled up in the churn, with a small quantity of butter milk at the bottom. The butter weighed pounds. The result, 10| pounds of butter from 12 quarts of thick cream, churned in eight minutes, at a temperature of 65 degrees, Bettled some points about which questions are frequently asked. This churning out of the way the cream of two Ayrshire cows three-year-old, that have been milking 10 months and are three in calf—14 quarts in all—was put in the chum at a temperature of 60 degrees. This churned three hours patiently without breaking the cream, and was advised to throw the cream ont as it was one of those messes which would never churn. Let us try some warm water. A quart of hot water from the kettle was thrown in, the churn rotated, and in one minute the butter came; the temperature in the churn then was 64 degrees. This also goes some way to settle another difficnlty in winter dairying, which causes a great deal of trouble. If butter comes at 64 or 65 degrees in a short time, and fails to come at all at 60 degrees, this is a valuable faot to know Another churning of Maida's cream of 16 quarts, from seven days' milk, produces 14 pounds of butter in 12 minutes at a tempera ture of 65 degrees, with several stoppages to watch the progress, so that eight quarts of nearly pure cream will make seven pounds of butter. CHT7BNS. The Tartars are said to do their churning by putting the milk in a sheep-skin bottle, which they tie to the trundle and take a brisk gallop for an hour or two; on returning the butter is made. This is the original horsepower churn. But its principle is clearly the same as that of our best modern churns, viz., agitation of the milk in a vessel in which the contents are dashed from one side to another to break; up the butter globules. This is the principle of all the dashless churns of which so many of such various shapes were shown at the late International Dairy Fair. The peculiar action of these chutfns produces the butter in small globules, as above mentioned, and in this shape the milk can be drawn off and the cold water or brine introduced into the churn, and the butter thoroughly washed and made ready for immediate packing. Certainly of the many churns which I have used, the "Rectangular" pleases me the most, on account of its very easy motion, its shape, which is a hollow cube suspended diagonally upon two of its opposite corners, its freedom from iron gudgeons penetrating inside as is usual in dash churns, and which will blacken and foul the butter, and chiefly on account of the ease and perfection with which it can be cleansed, its quick churning, and the excellent shape in which the butter comes. COLOURING BUTTEB. My customers are very exacting people. They object' to light-coloured butter,' and, like the majority of consumers, they judge of butter by the eye aa well as by the flavour. Recently the New York Farmers' Club " resoluted " that colouring butter was a fraud and a practice to be denounced. Do'these farmers wear their oas&imeres; of the natural'shoddy colour, or do they prefer them dyed? Did they object to the colouring of oleomargarine when they resoluted over that, and insist that that fraud should bear its naturaljtallow colour? The fact is, bntter is coloured because those who buy it will have it coloured to suit their taste; and while coloured fctftter will sell the best, so long will butter be coloured. One teaspoonful of good liquid butter colouring in 12 gallons of cream is needed, even with Jersey cows, in the Winter, and for othe* cows twice that quantity-will bei "required to give acoloursome what lighter thanthat of a gold coin. There is nothing about annatto that is objeetitmable.and all the talk about itafilthy preparation iB simply " bosh" antllMsehood. Waea ooloar is wed it ig best to pot it into the choro, and I do not. find that it has any ill effect whatever even upon the buttermilk, which is a pleasant, wholesome article of food when the milk is all right. BITTER CREAM. ThiB reminds me of the many complaints of bitter cream in the winter. This is caused invariably, I believe, by something in the food or in the condition of the cow. Everyone' knowr how prevalent "that vile plant, bitter-weed or rag-weed (Ambrosia artemisi&folia;) is, and how much of it is cut with the second cutting of the meadows—the much-., praised-for-butter rowen hay. This weed will piveio milk, cream, or butter a very bitter l flavour, which no prooefes or disguise can l jconoeaL If turnips are fed, I defy any person •to esoape bitter cream and ill-flavoured butter. jThe presence of a heap of turoipB on my barn Ifloor the past winter so impregnated the air, 'although none were fedjthat the milk was perceptibly flavoured by them until they were removed. Feeding immediately after or .before milking is unavailing. There are cows [which, from some peculiarity of. condition, ' [give milk which turns bitter. .Such ,,cows [should be discarded from a winter dairy as !soon a8..the fault is discovered, for they are ; !not healthy and their .secretions are not pure. ;/ The mixture of a pinoh.of saltpetre in a six- .quart pan of milk will remove or disguise this bitterness, I cannot say Which. HOW BUTTER MAY BE SPOILED. G-ood butter may be spoiled in the churning. • Over-churning ruins the texture and changes theproper waxiness to a disagreeable, Eticky greasiness. This is the more easily done in^the churns with revolving j dashers, which will press the butter against '.the side of the churn and squeeze and rub 'it until it is spoiled. To : o Ipng churning spoils the quality by the oxidation of the butter and the premature formation of strong-flavoured acids ih it, the full pre serving presence of which we call rancidity. It may be spoiled by churning at too high a^ temperature, by which it is made soft and oily, and of a greasy texture and flavour. No subsequent treatment can remedy this error. It may be spoiled before the cream reaches the churn by keeping this too idng, or what is practically the same, by keeping it in too warm a. place; 50 degrees is about the right temperature if cream is , kept a week; if it is kept at'62 degrees, three days are long enough. White specks are produced in butter by over-churning, or by having the cream too sour. Either of these faults produces curd in the milk, and the small flakes of this cannot be washed out of the butter. Milk from a cow in ill health, and that is acid when drawn, will« produce specky butter. So will the use of \ salt containing particles o£ lime, which unite with the butter and form insoluble lime soap. White specks are covered up to a large extent by "using good colouring, which ,, . is „ made . of oil as , the . solvent. .j- . But this use of a colouring, being to disguise a fault and to add an undeserved virtue, is worthy of the denunciation of even the j farmer s t»lub. 