PARNELL AND THE HOME RULERS. London, June 22. — The Standard says that the Home Rulers have requested Parnell to introduce a new bill for the relief of the Irish people, in view of the increasing dis tress and the outbreak of typhoid fever in several of the distressed districts. The bill will ask for £100,000 from the Irish Church Fund as a gift, and will propose as a commit tee of distribution a board composed of the chairman and secretary of each of the four boards of assessors for the relief already existing, and Mr. Forster, Chief Secretary for Ireland. At a meeting of the Home Rulers, Parnell presiding, it was unanimously decided not to oppose the government bill for compensation for quelling disturbances, either on a second reading; or on motion for going into committee; but to reserve to themselves the right of moving amendments n committee. IRISH ELECTION PETITIONS. Three of the Irish election petitions have been disposed of during the week, says the Nation of 5th June. The trial of the Athlone election petition began in Athlone on Thursday week, and terminated on Mon day. It resulted in the dismissal of the petition. Charges of personation and of bribery were made, and much evidence on each was tendered, but both the judges agreed in considering that evidence insuffi cient. They did not, however, compel the petitioner to pay costs. In the case of the Wicklow election, the petition against the return of Mr. M'Coan, M. P., has been with drawn, the agents of the petitioner— the defeated Tory candidate, Mr. Dick— having ascertained by an inspection of the ballot papers that the sitting member had a clear majority of valid votes — the only point in dispute. Finally the Bandon petition has also been withdrawn, but for a different reason — namely, because the sitting Tory member has resigned his seat ! It will be remembered that in this last case nearly every crime known to election law was charged against the respondent or his agents. THE CO. CARLOW ELECTION. Mr. A. Kavanagh, one of the defeated candidates at the late Co. Carlow election, wrote recently in a local paper that during the canvass the Roman Catholic curates of a certain district were 'said to have told those who, they thought, would believe them, that their souls would be damned if they voted for Bruen and Kavanagh, telling them to promise their landlords, but to vote for Gray and M'Farlane, teaching them to lie.' The curates of the district alluded to have pub lished an indignant repudiation of this charge, which they describe as ' false, slanderous, and utterly unfounded.' THE DUNGANNON ELECTION. The petition against the return of Mr. Dickson for Dungannon was tried last week in Omagh before Baron Fitzgerald and Justice Barry. The charges were bribery and intimidation. After four days' trial judgment was given in favour of the peti tioner, and Mr. Dickson was unseated. It is said that his son will offer himself for the vacant seat. THE COUNTY LOUTH ELECTION. The petition against the return of Mr. Callan for County Louth is being tried at Dundalk before Mr. Baron Dowse and Mr. Justice Harrison. The grounds on which the petitioner asks for the unseating of Mr. Callan are bribery, treating, and intimidation. The petitioner is Mr. Harley Kirk, the de feated candidate at the election. MR. O'CONNOR power's LAND HILL. The Laud Bill introduced by Mr. O'Con nor Power with the concurrence of a major ity of the Irish Parliamentary Party was brought up for second reading somewhat un expectedly on Friday week, or rather at an early hour on Saturday morning. In an early part of the sitting or Friday Mr. Glad stone, in response to an appeal to set aside a Government day for the discussion of this Bill, had given a rather doubtful answer, and so the matter rested for tho moment. Tho main object of the Bill is to repeal that section of the Land Act of 1870 which ex cludes from the right to claim compensation for disturbance tenants who are ejected for non-payment of rent, unless the Quarter Sessions Judge should bo of opinion that such rent was ' exorbitant.' It wan pointed out in tho short discussion which followed that the proposal now put forward, viz., to grant compensation for disturbance to tenants holding fifteen acres and under, oven when ejected for non-payment of rent, was con tained in the Land Act of 1870 as it passed the House of Commons, but was struck out in the Lords ; and hence it was strongly argued that Mr. O'Connor Power's Bill did no more that carry to their legitimate con clusions the principles of the Act passed by Mr. Gladstone's Government ten years ago. The Chief Secretary for Ireland said that the Government were not prepared for so early a discussion of tho matter, and would prefer not to express an opinion either favourable or hostile to tho principle of the Bill without further consideration. Strong appeals were then mado to Mr. Gladstone to wive an early day for the resumption of the debate, and ho was pressed to do so by several English members on his own side of the House, who on this occasion warmly seconded tho efforts of the Irish Party. Finally the Prime minister undertook to make an, an nouncement on the following Monday, and on that day said he would givo priority on the morning sitting of Tuesday, the 22nd of June, to Mr. Power's Bill. He did not, however, as ifc was expected ho would, an nounce the view taken by Government of the principle of the Bill. THE ARCHBISHOP OF DUBLIN. His Grace the Archbishop of Dublin has issued an expression of his opinion that ten o'clock is a sufficiently late hour for the cele bration of Mass on week days in the churches and chapels of his diocese. Hitherto Mass was celebrated in some of the city churches at eleven o'clock, and in one of them at twelve o'clock. The Archbishop considers that fast ing till such late hours has materially in jured the health of the young priests, whose duty it mostly was to celebrate these late masses, and he therefore wishes that the practice should be discontinued. His Grace has directed that the collect ' Deus refugium nostrum' shall be said in the Mass, and three ' Hail Marys ' said after Mass each day till the 1st of November, to implore of God the blessing of an abundant harvest;. RELIEF OF DISTRESS AMENDMENT BILL. The Chief Secretary has brought in a Bill to amend the Relief of Distress Act of last Session, which contains some important pro visions, and which Mr. Forster declares to be urgently needed to enable him to cope with tho distress now existing (June 12), and which is likely to continue for two or three months longer. He was desirous that the Bill should be read a second time on Monday evening, but, in compliance with the desire of some of the Irish members, consented to put it off. The first part of the Bill provides that tho amount which, under tho principal Act, the Church Tem poralities Commissioners may advance to the Commissioners of Public Works shall be raised from £750,000 to £1,500,000. The 3rd section of the Bill empowers the Commissioners of Public Works to grant loans to railway and other companies having borrowing powers, and for these loans a guarantee is to bo given by Baronial Pre sentment Sessions, charging tho barony with repayment of the principal sum and interest. The Bill further enacts that the Public Works Commissioners may, with the consent of tho Treasury, mako loans or grants ' not exceeding in all tho sum of £30,000,' for the purposes or Fishery piers ; and it empowers the same Commissioners to undertake works of public utility when one-fourth of tho estimated expense has been provided, and confirms the power of the Lord-Lieutenant to call extraordinary Presentment Sessions for this purpose. THE IRISH LAND LEAGUE AND EMIGRATION. At one of its recent meetings, the Irish National Land League strongly protested against any schemes of emigration, and adopted the following specific resolution with reference to that of Father Nugent, of which I have spoken above : — ' That wo strongly condemn the attempt now being made under the direction of tho Rev. Father Nugent, of Liverpool, to promote and en courage the emigration of our people, and we urgently call upon all true friends of Ireland to discourage by every means in v their power the scheme as one calculated to bring about the depopulation so much desired by landlordism and the British Government, and to inflict a grievous and a permanent injury on our country.' A com mittee was appointed to prepare an address calling upon all friends of Ireland to dis countenance emigration. THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS. The weatbei has been everything that could bo desired, and as a result the crops look everywhere most promising. The Cham pion potatoes look most luxuriant, and so far justify the highest anticipations formed about them. The other crops are also in a very forward state, and unless some sad chcnge takes place (which may our good God avert) there is every reason for expecting a plentiful harvest. I cannot, however, say that any noticeable improvement has yet manifested itself in the condition of the poor in the distressed districts. Their appeals for help are still very earnest, and the want of clothes for the chil dren is pressed at every meeting upon the attention of the Mansion House Relief Com mittee. This committee is still working very energetically, and distributing as judiciously as possible the decreasing balance which it has on hand. It hopes to be able, by care and economy, to continue its operations till the middlo of July, when it trusts that tho abundance of the new potatoes will have practically terminated tho severity of tho terrible crisis through which our poor people have been passing. Tho public works promised by the Government; are not at all so generally in course of action as might have been expected ; there is evidently some serious bungling in some department or other of the Government administration. LETTER OF THE ARCHBISHOP OF DUBLIN TO THE CARDINAL ARCHBISHOP OF PARIS. The following is the text of a letter ad dressed by the Archbishop of Dublin to the Cardinal Archbislnp of Paris : — ' Dublin, June 9, 1880. ' Most Eminent and Most Reverend Lord, — -I am informed that the illustrious members of the Committee for the relief of tho Irish, of whom your Eminence is the President, intend to hold a general meeting on the 11th instant in order to bring their work to a conclusion. I seize this opportunity to thank your Eminence and the generous Committee from the bottom of my heart, and in this I only yield to an imperative necessity to bring to your knowledge the profound gratitude of our people for the boons they have received from your hands. The expression of this gratitude is rendered imperious by the mag nitude and the results of the work under taken by your Committee, and by the names of the men of whom it is composed. We are all the more grateful because those men, whom birth, intelligence, wealth, and science have placed in the first rank, have, during many mouths, been the most zealous in coming to the aid of our afflicted country. For us this is an irrefutable proof that the friendship, of which, in past times, Franco gave Ireland so many proofs, still lives in the hearts of your compatriots, and that nothing is changed in the bonds of mutual charity which have so long united the sons of the two nations, because the considerable sums of money transmitted by your Commit tee helped to relieve the misery of an infinite number of unfortunate people and prevented numerous families from dying of starvation. These are the reasons why, in the name of Ireland, I tender to you and your illustrious Committee the warmest thanks, and pray that God may pour on you and your dear France the abundance of His spiritual and temporal gifts. Receive, &c.;, 'f Edwaed M'Cabe, ' Archbishop of Dublin. ' To His Eminence, ' The Cardinal Archbishop of Paris, &c.;' THE INTERNATIONAL RIFLE MATCH. The American Rifle Team, chosen for tho , match with the Irish Team, have arrived in Ireland. They met with a most hospitable Inception in Cork, where they stayed a couple of days, and camo to Dublin last evening. The match will come off at Clontarf, near Dublin. They are, Colonel Bodine, Captain of the Team ; Messrs. Rathbone, Donaldson, Fisher, Farran, Scott, Laird, .Jackson, Clarke, and Rothwell. BRIBERY UNDER THE BALLOT. ? The reports of the election petitions now proceeding in various parts of tho kingdom show how little the ballot has done to put a stop to bribery and corruption. Tho pay ment of money in one shape or another to the possessors of votes is as common as it was be fore the introduction of secret voting, and. judging by the returns of Election expenses published day by day in the newspapers, the costliness of seeking to represent a consti tuency in the House of Commons is not diminishing. We nover anticipated that the machinery of the ballot would deter eager and wealthy candidates for Parliamentary honours from seeking to secure vol en in ex change for direct pecuniary considerations : though it no doubt offers to the unprincipled elector the double temptation, first to accept the bribe and then, if it gmtifieu his own pre dilection of caprice, lo vote under the secrecy of the ballot against the man who supposed he had purchased his support. Tho ballot has not tended to check demoralisation in the exercise of tho electoral franchise ; and all that can be said in its favour in that, as eom Jmred with open voting, it is, perhaps, the ess of two evils. The penalties attaching to a candidate found guilty of personal bri bery are sufficiently severe, and if the agent commit that offence serious consequences ensue to the principal. But the punishment due to constituencies in which bribery to some extent is found to prevail is more rarely inflicted. DEATH OF Til 10 VERY REV. FATHER LEIIAN. The death is announced of this zealous and estimable clergyman, a member of the Society of the Holy Ghost, and President of: the Frehch College at Blackrock, near Dublin. He died in the College after a long illness, having reached the fifty-fourth year of his age. Father Leman was a native of Lille, in the north of France, where he was born in 1826\. In 1.85!) Father Leman arrived in Ireland, and proceeded at once to found the French Seminary at Blackrock, which, under his active and vigilant supervision, has suc ? ceeded in reaching a foremost place amongst the educational establishments of our country. Father Leman was held in the greatest esteem and veneration by the pupils and teachers in the College, and by a large circle of friends beyond ifc. THE CARRICKFERGUS ELECTION PETITION. The petition against the return of Mr. Green for Carrickfergus was tried in that town during three days before Mr. Baron Dowse and Mr. Justice Harrison. The charges were bribery and persecution. On Monday, Baron Dowse pronounced judgment against the petition, and declared that there was no bribery on either side of the election. Costs on one or two of tho charges were awai'ded to Mr. Green. REV. ISAAC NELSON NOT FINED. In connection with the late utterances of the Rev. Isaac Nelson, the following occurred in the British Parliament : — Mr. Callan — -I beg to give notice that on Monday next I will ask the Attorney-General for Ireland whether it is a fact that the magistrates of the borough of Belfast in variably inflict a penalty of 40s. and costs on any person brought before them on a charge of using insulting language towards the Pope : or other minister of religion ; and if so, whether his attention has been called to the language reported in the Northern Whig and Ulster E.vamincr to havo been used by the Rev. Isaac Nelson — ? Mr. Sullivan rose to order. The hon. member was drawing the attention of the Attorney-General for Ireland to language which was not within the cognizance of the House. The Speaker not rising, Mr. Callan continued his question in the following words : — To have been used by the Rev. Isaac Nelson— now a member of this House — on Sunday last from the pulpit of his church, in the precincts of the said borough of Belfast, to the effect that ' tho greatest curoe Europe has had for centuries ' was the man who called himself the successor of St. Peter and 'these men' — i.e., the ? Roman Catholic clergy — ' are trading on the ignorance of the ignorant, and lord ing it in the name of religion over the consciences of men ;' and whether, under the circumstances, the Attorney- General will not consider it advisable that the Irish Executive should direc t a prosecution against the Rev. Isaac Nelson for the use of such language, as calculated to provoke a breach of the peace within the said borough. Mr. Biggar gave notice that he would ask on Monday whether tho gentleman who was said to have used this language had not denied baying done so. On Monday evening, accordingly, Mr. Callan put his question. The Attorney- General for Ireland said that the Belfast magistrates did invariably inflict a fine of 40s., or in some cases imprison ment without the option of a fine, for the use of insulting language towards the Popo and other ministers of religion, becauso it was calculated to provoke breaches of tho peace. His attention had been called to the language of the Rev. Isaac Nelson to the effect that ' the greatest curse in Europe was the man who called himself the suc cessor of St. Peter, and those who traded on the ignorance of the ignorant, and in. the name of religion lorded it over the con sciences of men.' However objectionable, he did not think those words were the sub ject for a prosecution, as they were made use of, not in a, public place, but in the courso of a sermon (laughtor). — Liverpool Times. NEW CHURCH IN COUNTY WICKLOW. On Sunday' Juno 6, tho Archbishop of Dublin dedicated a new church, under the patronage of Our Lady Immaculate and S.8. Michael and John, in the parish of Barradav rig, county Wicklow. Barradarrig has many ancient historic associations, the principal amongst them being the tradition that it was there St. Palladius first landed, in tho year 430, when ho was sent by Pope Celestine to preach to the Irish people. The new church is handsome and spacious, and in all its de tails does great credit to the good pastor, the Rev. Mr. Molony, and his generous and de voted flock. Mr. Hague, of Dublin, wac the architect. The sermon of dedication was eloquently preached by the Rev. Edward Kelly, S.J., of St. Francis Xavier's, Dublin. TUB ATTEMPT TO SHOOT AN INFORilEIi. — SCENE IN COURT. The trial of Carroll for the Marlborough- ' street outrage was resumed on Saturday in Dublin. Evidence in support of an alibi set up by the prisoner having beeu given, Mr. Curran addressed the jury for tho de fence. He contended that it was a trumped up cane on the part of Isabella Glennon in revenge for Carroll's conduct to her, and that her story was in tho highest degree impro bable and contradicted by facts sworn to. He challenged the Crown to allege anything against the prisoner's character. The chief justice, in his charge, asked the jury to be lieve that the outrage was committed for mo tives of revenge, and said he did not think it would be perpetrated in any town in Chris tendom save in their own unfortunate city, where murder had been attempted, as this case showed, within hearing of the police, in a crowded thoroughfare, and by persons who expected to escape. The jury, after being absent only a quarter of an hour from the box, acquitted the prisoner. The verdict was received in the crowded gallery of the court house with loud applause, which was renewed, when a voice exclaimed ' God save Ireland ! ' The crown solicitor directed the constable to take the man who uttered the cry into cus tody, but the hand of some person hidden from view by a pillar was seen seizing the man by the shoulder, and both escaped down the stairs. 