Answers to Correspondents* H. M. asks; How many feet of gas will four billiard-table lamps consume in one hour if lighted up for playing ? — Answer : It depends a good, deal upon the size of the burners. About 40 feet per hour would be the average consumption of gas by four billiard-table lights. The answer to your second ques tion you will find in the sporting division of the paper. DUNTROON.— 1. Your tank contains 2674 cubic feet. 2. The iron tank would hold 750 gallons. JAMES BARTON.— There are 2365 yards 18 feet cubic space in your tank. S. C. K. (Trunkey). — You are perfectly right. According to the measurement you forwarded to us, viz., 13 feet diameter and 21 feet deep, tne tank contains exactly 103 yards 7£ feet cubic measurement. THOMAS JONES.— There are 22,140 cubic feet in your tank. EXCAVATOR.— Your tank contains 57,643 cubic feet, W. M. writes: 1. What is the capacity of a circular tank, 12 feet deep and 12 feet diameter, in gallons ? 2. Would such a tank require 9 inches brickwork, or would 4^ be sufficient? 8\. What quantity of cement would be required to plaster the inside ? The tank is to be dug out, and then lined with brick cemented overall.— 1. 8470 gallons. 2. 9-inch brickwork would be preferable; 4& inch would be insufficient. 3. A coating of cement from five- eighths to three-fourths of an inch thick should be plastered over the inside of the tank. BUSHWOMAN : I understand that I was awarded a third-class prize at the late Exhibition for an exhibit. As I know no more of the matter than I saw in a newspaper report, will you tell me how to set about getting it (the prize) ? — Answer : Wrire to the secretary of the International Exhibition Com mission, Macquarie-street. X. writes: As a subscriber I beg to ask you the following question : — Can a person having a mineral license hold a four acre block for tin-mining and a quarter-acre block besides for residence in which he carries on his business by virtue of 6ame, or must he take out a separate mineral license for each (claim and residence) ? You would much oblige by giving the information, as opinions here are conflicting.— Answer : There is no necessity for him to take out a separate lease for the ground occupied by his dwelliug. A mineral license for tin-mining entitles the holder to a four- acre block besides ground for a residence. J. H. (Lauriston). — There must be an error in the measurements you forward of a tank. It is impossible from the 6ize of the excavation that the 6lope 6hould be 13 to 1. Write again, giving the actual measurement of both the top and bottom of the tank, and we will willingly work the problem for you. B. 'Y. (Wellington, N.Z.) writes : Where and at what price can I obtain a small machine for making gas suitable for a bar and billiard-room t— Answer : There are no machines for gene rating gas in small quantities to be obtained in Sydney; but you could easily order one from London through any colonial ironmongery firm. GARDENER asks : Is the weather now too cold to put in flowcr 6eeds,such as pelargonium, verbena, pansy ?— Answer : At this season of the year you could not with safety sow the seeds in the open air ; but you might do so readily under glass. A. G. L.— We do not think you are likely to obtain sucha publication in Sydney. You might be able to obtain, at all events, some information on the subject by writing to Thacker, Spink, and Co., publishers, Calcutta. We have inserted your question among our ' Queries.' T. K. asks how far PiUigais from Sydney.— Answer : S84 miles. BLUE JACKET writes : Would you kindly inform me, in your answers to correspondents, whether there is a book published relative to the voyage of H.M.S. Challenger under Captain Nares ? I believe it was a scientific expedition. If so, would you kindly let me know where I should write for it and the price '—Answer: Spry's ' Cruise of the Challenger,' price 7s. 6d., or 8s. Cd. by post, to be obtained of George Robertson. A BUSHWOMAN writes : I have an harmonium of three stops piano, mezzo forte, and forte ; two ot the keys are in some way spoiled, as they ring like an old cracked bell when touched. Is there any way of having them put right 2 Could I do it myself, as I live in the bush, and it would cost too much to get a tuner from town ?— Answer : They are either broken or some grit has got on the tongues. In order to ascertain the cause, we would advise you to undo the two hooks at the back, throw over the action (before doing so count the number of notes — semitones — there are from nearest corner of instrument], where if broken can be easily 6een; but if on the contracy, take a thin, piece of paper and pass it gently under the tongue. If tongues should be broken, they can be sent to L. Moss, 5, Hunter-street, where others can be got in their place, at about 5s. each. MINNIE (Warwick). — Both the waltz and quadrille can be obtained of L. Moss, of Hunter-street, or Paling, ef George street. The price is 2s. 6d. each. CONSTANT READER writes: Can the tunes of Sankey and Moody's sacred rongs and solos be had set in the tonic sol-fa notation ? If so, where can they be had, and at what prices ? — Answer: No edition of Moody and Sankey'6 hymns set in the tonic eol-fa notation has been published. 1 F AIRPLAY asks : 1. If a servant loses time who is engaged by the week, has he to make that time good, or will the deducting of wages forthelossof time be sufficient for same! 2. Can a master oharge a servant for his food on wet days when he cannot work, besides deducting his wages for the wet time, the said servant being hired by the week!— Answer: In both cases the replies would depend entirely upon tbe nature of the agreement made between the master and servant on the engagement of the latter. In ordinary cases deduction of wages for the lost time would be quite sufficient. With regard to the second question, supposing no special agreement 1 to exist, if by the terms of the engagement the servant gets so much iu wages and his board, the master in wet weather would neither be justified in charging for the servant's board nor in deducting his wages for the lost time, seeing that the time was lost by no fault of his (the servant's). CONSTANT READER writes: 1 have a friend very stout, but healthy ; how could she reduce herself, and what lands of food should be avoided?— Answer: Your friend should take a* much exercise as she can, and abstain as far as possible from allfat-formingfoods,suchasordinary bread, fermented liquors, sugar, and all sweet things, milk, &e.; Use biscuit instead of bread, and eschew made dishes. Your second question is inserted among our ' Queries,' ARTEMISIA.— 1. Yes. 2. No. 3. They would both be liable to heavy penalties. G. N. (Trunkey Creek). — Bluestone, or sulphate of copper, applied night and morning to the eruptions (three or four brushings each application), is said to be a most effectual cure for ring worm. CONSTANT READER (Moorong). — The selection is liable to for feiture. READER (Wagga).— Employ some reliable person in Sydney to attend to the business for you. LAND.— The paddock contains nearly 24 acrcs. J. H. (Bourke). — The dam you describe contains 3S70 cubic yards. LIFE INSURANCE asks : What is the approximate value of a life policy on which £150 has been paid in premiums and £30 added by bonus, the insured desiring to receive the surrender value in cash, and all the premiums paid returned in full or otherwise ? — Answer : The information given is not sufficient for a reply. The value depends on the description of the policy, the age of the member, and the time the policy has been in force. W. W. asks how to preserve green peas.— Answer : Shell as large a quantity as you wish to preserve, put them into bottles with water, and stand in a boiler filled with water up to the necks of the bottles. Boil ; take out the bottles, cork tightly, and place in a cellar or some other dark place. J. P. writes : To become a qualified member of the New South Wales Board of Pharmacy have I'to pass any examination ? If 60, please state what subjects such examination consists of. — Answer : You would have to pass an examination in materia medics,, botany, and prescriptions, besides practical chemistry. Write to Mr. Pinhey, secretary of the Board of Pharmacy, Phillip- etreet, who will give you any information required aa to the extent of the examination, &c.; FARMER.— The legal grain bushel of New South Wales is 56 lbs.» not 60 lbs., as you suppose. The alteration was made about the commencement of the present year by an Act introduced by Mr. R. B. Smith. M. M. (Gunnedah) asks : What has been the average duration of British Parliaments since the reign of Queen Elizabeth? If you are not in a position to inform me, perhaps some of your readers might.— Answer : From an inspection of a table show ing the dates of the summoning and dissolving every Par liament from the reign of Henry VIII. to the present time, and drawn up with as much accuracy as possible from the rolls and jonrnals of the House of Commons, the following facts may be deduced:— First, that since 1509, when it is generally supposed that the duration of Parliaments was first extended beyond a single year, only four Parliaments have existed for seven years, and that, besides these, 11 only have lasted as long as six vears. Secondly, it is evident that, out of the rest, only 11 Parliaments have lasted above five years, five more between four and five years, and six between three and four years. Thirdly, out of the remaining number only II lasted above two years, and no less than 38 for a shorter period. Lastly, it is manifest that, taking one Parliament with another, the duration of each since the accession of Henry VIII. does not exceed three years, even including the ' Long Parliament' of King Charles I., and the still longer Parliament which his son, Charles II., kept in existence for 17 years. The two shortest Parliaments since the accession of George III. have been that of 1806-7, which lasted only four months and 15 days, and that of 1830-1, which lasted only five months and 28 days, POMONA asks who St. Cecilia was. — Answer : According to For tunatus of Poicticrs, St. Cecilia was a virgin saint who lived in Sicily between the years 176 and 230 x.c. She is con sidered the patron saint of musicians because she first made use of instruments in church music. Her festival is cele brated on the 22nd of November, which is supposed to be the anniversary of her martyrdom by fire. PUBLIC SCHOOL writes :— If ia parent has two children at a Public school, for whom he pays by the month, and one of them does not go to school for a whole week out of one month, must the parent still .pay the whole month's fee ? Answer : Yes. It i6 only when the payments are weekly that a week's absence would be allowed for. BLUE JACKET asks : Can I obtain in Sydney a collection of Neil Gow's musical compositions, and at what price? — Answer : No such collection is to be obtained in Sydney. A SUBSCRIBER writes: I am pestered with goats; they must be lifted over my fence into my paddock. The poundkeeper will not have them impounded, saying he will have to feed them, and he can't get a shilling for them. What am I to do to prevent them trespassing ? Can I pole-axe them and bury them under my fruit trees ? Is it legal ?— Answer : Destroy them and give the owners notice to remove the carcases. ANNE COLE. — We know nothing more of the firm beyond the fact that an advertisement of theirs was published by us. We believe they have no 8ydney agents, nor can we make any inquiries about the watch on the meagre information you have forwarded. If you will give us full particulars as to what route the parcel was sent by, &c.;, we will do our best for you. L.B. — See answer to ' Constant Reader ' in this issue. JUNEE writes: 1. I have several young dogs which will not be six months old in September or October, 1880, the time for registering dogs. Am I bound to register them after they are six months old, or should I only have to register them the following year ? 2. Can a station storekeeper or a shepherd be put on the jury list, both being employed by a squatter? I thought they were exempt. — Answer: 1. The puppies must be registered as soon as they attain the age of Eix months, whenever that may be, and the license must be renewed on the 1st September following. 2. There is no exemption for such persons as such, but they may be exempt from other causes— viz., being over 60 years of age, or having an income less than £30 per annum, &c.; J. 1LLINGWORTH asks : 1. Will a letter go per Orient line, if via Naples is not written on the envelope, for 6-L ? 2. Will a letter go for the same per P. and O. line? 3. How much is the postage of the Sydney Mail to England per Orient line of steamers? — Answer: 1. A letter bearing 6d. postage, sent by the Orient line, if endorsed with the name of the 6teamer conveying mails, would be forwarded direct to Plymouth in the ship. It would require 8d. to be forwarded via. Naples. The Orient liners do not call at Brindisi. 2. No ; there is no 6d. route per P. and O. line since Southampton route was abolished. 3. Id. direct in the ship, and 3d. via Naples. D. M'T. writes : Could you kindly inform me in your next issue where I can procure a book with instructions for self-training for athletics, as I wish to know what exercise and diet are best for foot-racing?— Answer : The following are both ex cellent publications on the subject: — ' Athletic Sports and Manly Exercises,' price 2s. 3d. ; or Westhall's manual of ' Training for Running and Walking,' Is. 6d. Both works arc to be obtained from Klrby's book depot, Pitt-street. The postage in each case would be 3d. extra. S. sends us the following lines on ' Storm ' :— The winds swoop down on the lowering woods With a sound like the roll of a thousand floods, Through mountainous places falling — Strange sounds I hear from the creaking limbs, Like the Bounds on a shore that darkness dims Of ghosts to each other calling. With a crack and a crash the trees down dash To the onset of the blast, And the dreadful work of the ponderous fork, Which the clouds, with the thunder, cast ; All round the skies the clouds arise. And the moon is deeply hidden — The clouds prepare in the middle air, Like hosts for the Armageddon. A reckless fiend the tempest wheels, Who not a fear, but a rupture feds, Who the power of heaven blasphemes. Who mounts the winds, and tliiuks them tame, And leaves their backs for the levin flame, And bathes in the fiery streams ! N. £. : We fear your lines take a much too romantic view of the young outlaws to justify publication. 3\. HOLT writes I had an argument with two gentlemen the other evening about the average or number of bushels of wheat grown in Victoria for the last four years gone by. Would you kindly inform me, in your list of answers to correspondents, of the average of how many bushels per acre in Victoria, for the last four years gone and past; and perhaps you would also give me the average per acre ofj wheat in N. S. WaleB also for the last tour years gone and past?— Answer : The following is a table showing the average yield tin bushels per acre for the two colonies during the last four years:— Victoria: 1877,13 1-5; 1878, 124; 1879.8J ; 1880, 18. New South Wales: 1877, 16£; 1878, 13J; 1879, 14 j ; 1880, C. S.^foNES. — About three months ago. DOLLY asks the meaning of the quotation, Ego ero pott principia ? . — Answer : The literal translation is, u I will be behind the first rank.' A free rendering would give something as follows : 'I will get out of harm's way.' ALICE HERBERT asks : Can I get a book titled ' Notes about this and other Colonies ' ? If so, would you kindly let me know where I can procure it, and also the price? — Answer : A number of articles under that heading have been published' by the Rev. Dr. Geekie, but the series has not been com pleted, nor have the articles been published in a book form as. yet. QU.XRO. — The omission was unintentional . Emu eggs are worth from 4s. to 8s. per pair in Sydney. Any furrier would buy them. Try Palmer or Crawley, of Hunter-street. CONSTANT READER : — If you have witnesses as to the act of gift, ? we should think you would be justified in losing and taking possession of the animal, unless the other party can show a written authority for his action. You should not have allowed him to get possession in the first place. ' Pos session,' as the legal maxim says, ' is nine points of the law.' ? ? 