AN ANTIQUARY'S GHOST STORY. si (By Augustus Jessop,t D.D., in the N Athenceum of January 10.) Little more than two months have passed since my own personal experience fi of mental phenomena was strikingly en larged by the occurrence with which the n following narrative deals. Yet already I find that round the original story there b has gathered a surprising accumulation of el the mythical element, and that I myself am in danger of becoming a hero of Il romance in more senses than one. As I object to be looked upon as a kind of t, medium to whom supernatural visitations are vouchsafed, and, on the other hand, f do not wish to be set down as a crazy dreamer whose disorganised nervous system renders him abnormally liable to fantastic delusions. I have yielded to the earnest request of some who have begged me to make public the following paper. I am told that there are those who busy themselves in collecting similar stories, and if it be so it is better they should hear the facts from me than after they have passed through other channels, The narrative was written at the request of a friend not many days after the event, when all the circumstances were fresh in my recollection. On the 10th of October, 1879, I drove over from Norwich to Mannington Hall to spend the night at Lord Orford's. Though I was in perfect health and high spirits it is fair to state that, for some weeks previously, I had had a great deal to think about, some little anxiety, and some considerable mental strain of one kind or another. I was not, however, conscious of anything approaching weari ness, irritability, or " fag." I arrived at 4 p m., and was engaged ha pleasant and animated conversation till it was time to dress for dinner. We dined at 7; our party numbered six persons. Of these four at least had been great travellers. I myself was.rather a listener; the talk was general and discursive, and amused and interested me greatly. Not for a single moment did it turn upon the super naturpl; it was chiefly concerned with questions of art and Ithe experiences of men who had seen a great deal of the world, and could describe intelligently what they had seen, and comment upon it' iggestively. I have very rarely been it a more pleasant party. After dinner we played a rubber. We " left off as we began," and as two of the guests had some distance to drive we broke up at half-past ten. The main object of my going over to Manningten was to examine and take notes upon some very rare books in Lord Orford's library which I had been anxiously wishing to get a sight of for some years, but had never been fortunate enough to meet with up to this time. I asked leave to sit up for some hours and make transcripts. His lordship at first wished me to let his valet remain in attendance to see all lights put out, but as this would have embarrassed me and compelled me to go to bed earlier than I wished, and as it seemed likely that 1 should be occupied till 2 or 3 in the morning, it was agreed that I should be left to my own devices, and the servants should be allowed to retire. By 11 o'clock I was the only person downstairs, I and I was very soon busily at work and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one, with a huge fireplace and a grand old chimney; and it is needless to say that it is furnished with every com fort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes I wanted to examine. There were six small volumes in all. I took them down and placed them e.t my right hand in a little pile, and set to work-sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book I placed 'it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with. the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire to. gether, and stood up to warm my feet. I 3 continued in this way at my task till a nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me. I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of seltzer water, and I remember thinking to my t self that I should get to bed by 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an 1 hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, t when, as I was actually writitg, I saw a t large white hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his d back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently examining the pile of books that I hadbeen at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely-cut reddish brown d hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the Seyebrow, the corner of the right eye, the t side of the forehead, and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiasti s cal habit of thick corded silk or some such . material, close up to the throat, and a ae nrrow rim of edging, of about an inch 1 broad, of satin or velvet, servingas a Sstand-up collar, and fitting close to the i chin. The right hand, which had first at tracted my attention, was clasping, with 20 out any great pressure, the left hand. s Both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of the right hand t were conspicuous. I remember thinking le that the hand was like the hand of Velas i. que's magnificent 'Dead Knight' in the ill National Gallery. I looked at my visitor Sfor some seconds, and was perfectly suire Sthat he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not tim leat feeling attalur, u e m uan easiness; curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pen cil ; then I thought, " Upstairs I have a skotch-book-shall 1 fetch it ?" There he sat, and I was fascinated; afraid, not of his staying, but less he should go. Stop ing in my writing. I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. 'I cannot explain why I did this-my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply dissapointed and nothing more. I went on with my writ ing as if nothing had happend, perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attribute as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my head again, to examine his more closely, and I was framing a sentance to addres him, when 1 discovered that I did not dare to speak. 1 was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat, and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me, and exhibit not the slightest tremour or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and disappoared. . Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table ; it made a slight noise as it fell-the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was begining to loose my nerve. I remember yawning ; then I rose, lit my bed-room candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumne; the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me honour to appear to me. By this 'time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candles and -marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty-I knew not which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and un varnished narrative of facts. Explana tion, theory, or inference I leave to others. CoLooGNE CarTHDRAL.-The correspon dent of the S. Af. .Heald says :-In view r of the approaching termination of the great cathedral of Cologne-the. largest and grandest Catholic Church in the world, with the exception of St. Peter's in Rome -the Pope is about to name a commis sion of cardinals to officiate, as his repre sentatives, at the consecration of that" i magnificent edifice, the two towers of which are the highest buildings on this 1 planet,beinghigher, byonemetre and ahalf, thanithe tower of St. Nicholas's Church, SHamburg. When completed, they will measure 160 metres, reckoning from the e pavement of the Cathedral cloisters, or 157 mnetres from the floor of the church itself. The other highest buildings in It the world arethe Cathedral spires of Stras d burg, St. Stephen's (Vienna), St. Martin's 0 (Landehut), Freibiur;, Antwerp, Florence, 'r Pagdeburg, Notre Dame de Paris, and 0 St. Paul's (London) ; also the tower of the Rath House at Berlin, and the Pyramid of Cheops. The completion of the Col d ogne Cathedral will prove the insanity of e old prophecy which declared, when its \- foundation-stone was laid (seven hundred years ago), that the coping-stones of the towers would never be put on, but that ie the devil would carry them away- as fast l as they should be put into place. n A peculiar incident was once witnessed on a lake. A short-sighted gentleman, who was skating, happened to espy a 'e board upon which was posted a notice. d Curiosity prompted him to approach, and it with his nose-glasses carefully adjusted he prepared his mind for the reception of a fresh information. This was conveyed in :the single word, " Dangerous." He read it, and then the ice gave way. . -His n curiosity was satisfied. 