In a Haunted House. By F. W. F. The way I came to be an inmate of this haunted house , and to a knowledge of its ghostly properties, was in this wise Some years ago I was living with my sister and brother in-law, in a bungalow about (wo miles away from a treaty port in China. Finding the place too small for us, we began buildine another some distance off, which we anticipated would be finished and ready for occupation by the time we bad given notice to quit our present abode. Owing to un foreseen circumstances, however, we found on the expiry o f our lease that our new house would not be fit to receive us until about two months longer, so we had to look abou'. for a temporary dwelling for the meantime. As luck would have it, there was a large empty bungalow very near us, which had been 4aken by a gentleman who had gone home to get married, and was expected out from England with his bride in about four months' time. This bungalow we arranged with the gentleman's partner in China to take for the interval, little thinking what cause we should have always to remem ber it, and in fact knowing nothing for or against the house. It was a large bungalow standing in its own compound or grounds of some six or seven acres, built of brick, of one story, and raised on Etones about five feet from the ground, as usual. Entering by the front door you came upon a large square hall, and facing were two doors which led into the dining and drawing rooms respectively. A passage ran past these two doors, parallel to the front of the house, and almost the entire breadth ; and, turning out of the hall I either to the riffht or left, you came upon a door which led into a large bedroom, with dressing and bath room en smre. Thus each front wing of the house was composed ot a t-ea, dressing, and bath room. The right hand room, the door of which opened into the hall, was the drawing-room, ot large size, and that on the left, of similar features, me dining-room. At the further end of the last-mentioned room and to tho left was another doorway, admitting to another room and a pantry beyond, and leading from this room up four steps was another large bedroom with dressing and bath room, which formed as it were a wing of the house projecting from the rear. From the pantry, a flight ot stairs with a door at the top led down to the servants' and cook-house, with stables adjoining, all of which were as customary in China, quite separate from the bungalow. It is necessary to be thus particular in describ ing the plan of the place in order that the reader may be able distinctly to follow the ensuing narrative ; and here let me eay once* for all that neither was I nor my two fellow occu pants of the house at all of a nervous temperament, or given to the mysteries of ghost lore ; rather were we in clined t ) ridicule such things, and call them ' bosh.' Well, we moved ourselves and furniture into the house in due course, and I occupied the front bedroom suite on the left of the entrance ball, whilst my sister and her husband took the rooms in the wing at the back, up the small flight of stairs. The bedroom on the right front was. conse quently, furnished and kept as a spare room. We com menced our occupancy three days before Christmas, and it was the nightly custom for the hall door to be locked, bolted, and put on the chain before we went to dinner in the evening, about half past seven o'clock. All the windows of the rooms opened directly to the stone verandah ranninsr round the house, and of course these were looted, aad the shutters closed at an earlier hour, as the weathar wss vary cold. The only door, therefore, which was available was thst leading from the pantry down to the servant's lwa», sad this was locked on the outside, and the key takta aw*y by the head boy or butler, after he had seen everything rv^fet and the lights out when we retired for the night. Alt nvcht long we employed a Chinese watchman to walk roasl th? house, and to ensure that he did his datv he earned * hollow piece of bamboo in one hand, which he hid iv beat with a stick in the other, the noise of which could h? p£*inly heard at a considerable distance. We had, besides. * l*r$a dog outside loose, and a capital watchdog he was. Fw*!S:« a week after our entrance wo were fully takes cj vi^i Christmas festivities, had visitors to dinner evenr dq&s;* and were especially pleased with tho 6ize of the hiiL v£ki admitted of the amusement of riuking on roller skates, la fact, we were aa lively and gay- spiritod a party a* could have been found in that part of the world. For three or four nights bofore tho first mysterious mani festation, as I must call it, occurred, we had dined alone quietly, and gone to bed about half -past ten o'clock. We had done the same on that night, and I shut my bedroom door, but did not lock it, and turned my lamp down low before jumping into bed. I had been asleep, as I afterwards found out, about an hour, when I was awoke by a peculiar sensa tion that some one was in the room and to the sound of a rustling, followed immediately by the noise of my door opening and then banging to again. I snatched up my revolver and was on the floor in a moment, and to iook rouna me room ana unaer me oea was the work of a second or two. Seeing nothing I rushed to the door, opened it, and was in the hall in less time than it takes to pen this. The hall lamp was as usual all night alight, the door securely fastened, and nobody to be seen. I looked along the passage to the right and left, but all was as usual, and on trying the drawing-room and spare bedroom doors I found both locked with the keys on the outside. I then made for the dining - room, the door of which was of course not locked, but first I must mention that I went back to my bedroom for the lamp. The dining-room was empty, and I proceeded through the next room and the pantry to the door leading down to the servant's house, which I found securely locked from the outside and the key taken away. Well, I vras puzzled and could not make it out at all, as I could have sworn that my door opened and shut, at any rate. The idea of a supernatural visitation never entered my head, and, after satisfying myself that no one was in the drawing-room or spare bedroom, I returned to my own apartment, hearing the ?'while the monotonous hollow sound of the bamboo in the watchman's hands. I took the precaution this time, however, to lock my door, and then turned in again, where I fell asleep after about half-an-hour's musing, and was not further disturbed. In the morning 1 refrained from mentioning iny night's experience, not wishing to alarm my sister, nor on tee otner nana be lauguea at ana tola i naa ueen areani ing. After this night's episode, I always took the precau tion to lock my door before going to bed, and was not visited for several nights. But again — I had gone to bed about the usual time and after a quiet evening, had locked my door, turned my lamp low, and was awoke as on the former occasion by tho sound of some one passing quickly through the room round the foot of the bed and out of the door, the door slamming to as before. I was not in time to see anything, if such had been possible, but was up quickly only to find my door securely locked as I had left it on turning in. I searched everywhere in the house as before, but there was not the slightest trace of disturbance, and, further to satisfy myself, I opened the front door and went outside, when the dog came running to me wagging his tail, and I ascertained that the watchman was on the alert. This was all very strange, and I was quite at a loss to understand it, so I began to think there was something in it 'no canny.' In the morning at breakfast I told my two nights' experiences to my sister and brother-in-law, and said 1 believed the house must be haunted, as it would have been impossible for anything human to have eluded my search. Of course they were very much surprised, and inclined at first to think I had been the victim of a night mare, but I quickly convinced them that argument would not hold water. They assured me they had not been dis turbed in any way. About a week after this, my brother-in-law and I had agreed to attend a Masonic Lodge meeting. However, on the evening, I said I would not go, but would stay at home to keep my sister company. We two dined together and afterwards drew our chairs up to the fire and began talking. About half -past nine o'clock, as we were in the midst of our conversation, we heard the hall door open and close again with a loud bong. My sister at once jumped up and said, ' Well, that is good of Harry ; how early he has come home,' whilst walking quickly to the door, and I following. What was our surprise and astonishment on looking into the hall to find nobody there, and the hall door locked, and with the chain on. On making enquiry, we found that no one had been to the door, the boys and coolies being all down in their house. We could not have been mistaken as to the reality of the sound, for we both heard it distinctly, and it seemed just as if some one had swung the door to after entering. As a fact, my sister's husband did not return home until past eleven o'clock, when he drove out in his carriage. This night's performance served to dissipate any lingering scepticismn that my sister might have had in the tale of my former visits, but left us no nearer a solution of the mystery. Among our friends was a naval doctor of one of H.M. men-of-war on the station, and three or four days after the occurrence last recorded we invited him to come out and stay a week with us, placing our spare bedroom at his disposal. I must here eay that we had severally deter mined not to divulge to a soul a word about the strange visitations we had been subject to, consequently our naval friend was in blissful ignorance of everything to do with them when he accepted our invitation. On the first night after his arrival we all went to bed about eleven or half past, and, as far as I was concerned, the night passed away quietly enough. As usual, I was an early riser, and after dressing went to look the doctor up and see he had all he requircu. i iounu nun very mucn aisturoea, ana ne ex claimed, ' Well, you won't get me to stop here another night, I can tell you ! ' ' What's the. matter?' I said. ' By Jove,' he replied, ' I've had an awful scare. I had been asleep some time when I was awoke by hearing some one passing across my room and then going out at the door, which he slammed after him. I had turned my light out, so got up, struck a match, lit it, and then went'and looked into the hall, but I could not see any one. I had a good mind to rouse you up. I felt positive I could not have dreamt it ; but as I could see nothing I took the precaution of locking my door, and left the tamp alight before turning in again. After a time I fell asleep, only to be awoke again in a similar manner, and, hang it all, the door slammed again, although it was locked and the key on the inside. I would not go to bed again after this, and have been sitting here all the rest of the night by the- fire, which had luokily not gone out; and back I go again to the ship to-day. Well I gave him a soda and brandy, and tried to chaff him out of his fright, but it was perfecdy useless. He had had a thorough scare, and, alttiough at all other tunes a lieht-hearted healthy Irishman, was now com pletely ' knocked off his perch.' I refrained from communicating to him my own experiences, and was able to warn mv sister and her husband of the adventure before he met them at breakfast. Then the doctor gave his account denovo, and in spite of all our endeavours to laugh the matter away, and reason with him that even if it were a ehost it would not do him any harm, he remained firm to Esdution, and left the house that day. Before leaving we suggested to him not to mention the cause of his early return to his ship, and he agreed to make some other pffible excuse. 'Of course, the subject of our nocturnal alarms began to be a frequent topic of conversation, and I am sure all of us most sincerely wished our phantom visitor would return to the shades, although he had not as yet succeeded in frightening us; least of ali myself, who had been the principal sufferer. I only declared nmre than once that if I caught sight of anybodv or anything in my room at night-time I would shoot without a moment's hesitation, and Heaven help any practical joker I think it was four or five nights after tue doctor s departure that I was awoke by hearing a knocking at my door, and my sister's voice calling out ' Frank Frank ; get up I want you ! ' I jumped out of bed at once, unlocked and opened' the door, and there saw my sister and her husband. She said, 'Fancy! that horrid ghost has been here again to-night ; I was lying awake thinking, and Harry was fast asleep, when I distinctly heard a knocking at the bed-room door, as if some one wanted to come in. i called out ' Who's there ; what do vouwant'r' when the knocking ceased, but there was no 8u«wer. A few minutes later and rap, rap, rap commenced s«-«in. and I called out loudly, 'What is it? who is ihcre I.' which awoke Harry, but still there was no reply frvim tho outside. I told Harry what I had heard and he ssid it was all nonsense, when rap, rap, rap was again hrtird. ' Well,' I said, ' I cannot stay here in bed with ihsi knocking going on. Get up, Harry, and see who is :L«e.' *No thank you,' saidne, 'I am not going to [ haw anything to do 'with it.' ' Well,' I answered, * I ?tvl I must see what it is.'Jand got out of bed, when Harry followed me with a revolver. On unlocking our door and looking: out, I could see no one, nor a trace of any one, ao wa came straight on to you.' We all three then searched everywhere, in every room, besides which I went all round the verandah outside. Nothing had been disturbed, nor was there a sign of mortal agency to account for the rapping. It was then nearly two o'clock in the morning, and, as our adventure had banished all desire of sleep, we called up the boys, and told them to make us some tea. We now told the head boy of our dis turbances, both of this night and the former occasions, and he then said he had long known that there was supposed to be, as he put it, a devil in the house. He further informed us that soon after the bungalow liad beeu built, a China boy had been murdered in it by one of his fellow servants, and it was doubtless he who was our ghostly visitant. He concluded by saying he would not sleep in the house for any amount of dollars. . So we drank our tea, and pretended not to care a bit about the mysterious phenomena, which by this time we had reluctantly come to the conclusion were caused by a ghost (whatever that was) , but we most cer tainly Ehould have been extremely glad to hnvo been loft in peace, although as 1 remarked before these nocturnal por iormonceB had not as yet made me nervous. But if we imagined we were going to be let off so easily, we were wofully mistaken, for our ghostly phantom finally drove us from the house ; in fact, caused a stampede. Our time for removing into our new house was now drawing near, and we had been left undisturbed for nine nights, when the final blow was dealt which left the unquiet spirit in sole possession of house and grounds. We had retired as usual after a quiet evening at home, and after having carefully seen that all doors and windows were secure. My bedroom door I locked as usual, and left my lamp alight, but burning dimly before getting into bed, under the pillows of which I duly placed my loaded revolvor. [ Again was I awoke by the same peculiar feeling I had I experienced twice before, and to the sound of a rustling movement in the room. 1 looked up and beyond the foot of the bed, to my intense surprise and. no small shock, I saw a China boy moving along with bis side face to me, and going in the direction of the door. I snatched up my revolver, and, shouting ' Hah' firedat him, and, as he still went at the same pace, I fired again, when he turned his full face towards me and vanished, as it were, through the door. As he turned fully towards me I eaw he had a great gash across his throat, extending from ear to ear. All this had happened in tho shortest possible time, and I was out of bed immediately after my second shot. I rushed to the door, unlocked and opened it, and passed quickly through the dining-room to my sister's bedroom, calling out as I approached. Both of them answered, but neither had heard tlie revolver reports. They quickly appeared, and we all three repaired to my bedroom. There were the two bullet marks — one deep in the woodwork at tho side of the win dow, the other had struck the brick wall and flattened. We did not care about any more sleep that night, and pre ferred company. I had had a decided scare, and did not like it a bit, so we all determined to go into the new house that day, although it was hardly ready for us. This we . did, and slept no more in the haunted house. As a queer conclusion to the above narrative, I may men tion that the newly married couple arrived in China iu duo course, and went to live in the bungalow which had been fraught with so many surprises for us. The husband landed in bad health, rapidly became worse after living a few weeks in the house, end was ordered home again by the doctors. He never rallied, however, but died on board the mail steamer between Point de Galle and Aden. We never told our experiences, and I do not say that his choice of a dwelling in any way hastened his end, but I most candidly and sincerelv maintain that there is no pleasure to be derived from living in a haunted house. Woman Supfbage ix the Sixteenth Century.— It would seem that the claim of ladies to elect members of Tarliainent is not altogether a novel one, and moreover tliat the claim was more easily substantiated three hundred years ago than now, as the following extract from the par liamentary writs preserved in the Bolls Chapel may indi cate : — ' To all Christian people to whom this present writing may come. 1. Dame, Dorothy Pakington, lord and owner of the town of Aylesbury, send greeting. Know yet, We, the said Dame Dorothy Pakington, to have chosen, named, and appointed my trusty and well-beloved Thomas Licbfield and George Boredon, esqs., to be my burgesses of the said town of Aylesbury ; and whatever the said Thomas and George, burgesses, shall do iu the service of the Queen's Highness in that present Parliament to be holden at Westminster the 3rd May next ensuing the date hereof, I, the said Dame Dorothy Pakington, doe ratine and approve t» be my own act as fully and wholly as if I were or might be present there. In witness whereof to these presents I have set my seal this 4th day of May, in ' the fourteenth year of our Sovereign Lady Elizabeth, by the grace of God, etc.'' The lady's dates are somewhat vague ; but the names of ' Thomas Litchfield and George Burden, esqs.,' figure in the list of members for Aylesbury in the Parliament of 1571 (botli names being differently spelled). Thomas Lichfield ?was the son-in-law of the energetic dame. Her second hus band, Thomas Tasburgh, was member for Aylesbury iu 1584\. Another Thomas Tasburgh, probably his son, sat in 1596 for the borough; and Sir John Pakington, Bart., sat in 1640. The family appear to have retained influence in the county until Sir John Pakington, in 1802, sold the manoi of Aylesbury to the Marquis of Buckingham, grandfather of the present Duke. This Sir John Pakington was the ancle of the present Lord Hampton. — Pall Mall Gazette* 