VICTORIA STREET BRIIDGE. -or A'4etýC of the0Conferetico Committee 1as held 1?. at the Town I htll-on Thursday evening lust; der present the Mavor (in the chair) and Councillors as Shellepaiad.Xoch (of.lRichmond), the Mayor of id,h Collingwoodi (Mur 'eters), and the Mayor of LKew I (MiN Glge iirego.mLI. , . tn • sid sir r.k ltliter silasreceived frol Mlessrls i:MLean and Cr. otlWers as ,tol constuiiting a suitable' iron "bridge i? ttlpdprttseid-i"ieived astfollbws:- - :4? it l'haJithbe hbnolr to rilorl tlhant in- ccordtidce iili withl?listhrlioiis;llaid the plans of the two designs, 1 _ rviz, " Vietl, ia " .ind'! Compression "l before 5.-Mr ile, ? ,yidson of the l:,Plic,;:\lorks, Department,! whose ri-. re, rhisihiriith ul?iiited. n-s 1;::,.IthIeiir-ais i.od speelieations for both designs et wll.',quir? ?vsioonbefore tenders could be invited, -bt n?r, ' ?'Y i?dsos's e'titllates do not render it St ,iecsey. i.t: iiituo:ieldcrs to setlel the disposition e"s of tl! c lreiuimifoar the diesigns it is only necessary it for ime'to say lhatlIIeni the wort:iig drawings are ar pIrepared for ' Victoria ' ceralin modifications in tie etl details willlt ir eto be inode, soie of .which will 4I1 teei-di t'tounioiiV of'ebti- ,itd i thers to otrengti'ening n- -r th' wsrol; theiler luitr tlieone roase paying for the S- t extra cost in the othler. tt oil"tt lib'e rrciuesatofCoricillor Shelley I looked ich into the merits'of the'other two desilgns selected by ite this.Coniittcd, ciz,-"l'ont" and "IlYarr Yarm" air with the object of being in » position to give the' Con Ler fereiheetsobieinforiontion regrIrding them, should ti one of the others prore too costly. ds. fin"Writhircngrd tb ' l'oiit " I ind tihit the water se way is not sullicient, and that it woutl not be wise ctoisnetegol:c, stonbaesfroln the cuttings in the building ids of retaining walls along the enlbankments, the 1`li iqusllithflofihesione:being yet iunknown. ih6 " Regardian I Yorr'i Yarnm,' as there were certain tie?caoveItiefsofilnostrietidni involvedi in it, I asked tilhe e? assistance of Mr'Kernot, of the University, and he rd, rie veliindlvydgffi mle his opinion iii' the letter which. n| l enclose herewithli Al nr:i' n ;hddtioh to 'the objections therein made, I ed msnay).;y'tlit-the approlme on the Kew side is only .-'. l!tiilltihtbit the brickhvork is estimated at too low bb. eas ratO-andtatnit if thiis-ddesil' were puilt ulpon all < equality swithi tile others ill these respects the esti ci [malte of- its:cost would 'coisitlerbly exceed £5000. to oin r"sd -.i A Ihase,'&e;, - (Signed) Jotsx S. ,ht:No's, Town Surveyor." I 'i[In. the l?etter.referred to 'Mr lerrnlot gave his -opinion:that.theldeiign "Yarra Ylrra" was unsuit II Able, and gedenilrl contimented oi it.] dil d "lavhrig hedn instrurted by the Inspector General d of l'ublie Works in response to your letter of the tlthflinst.to tionfer.iFith :Ir. Jenkins,' C. E:' on an :enquirj, us:to certain:conditions of competition, viz., i iNo. 3,1,h ad't, -Ithing been observed ill the designs ,fofusth lpriposed i Victoria, street bridge bearing the mottoes " Victoria" and " ComprLssion " I have the i honoE to'stite (I), that the conditions 3 and 4, which erefer rtespeetively. to .the carring powers of the bridges, and the qualit-: of the material to be eli ,pldyediib conslluetion sll are in enach ase been care Sfully .observed : (b) conilition 8 is divided into subsectiols-(1),,:sifleieney of nater, which 'lhas :bequrobs?rerd;inu.'eash-design ; (2), ease and' width of dtpprachesl Itiahring'been ascertained that tihe steepest gradient- ill Victoria street, viz., that in t Ait?en;siBrewer.y:is l.in 20, and that tel hill at Isaou 1rken:sareet: -a.?t- b?tleen. Russell and Stephen j sttihts is alsoq!:iiin.20, .5'.- Jenkins and myselt de Ill troluiled0lon:!udopting that gridicit as a stalndlid by ,.whidlt: to in-ake cobmarisons. Tile grdient'in the t .lBielO5i['itdesigu c?,nforms to this stlandard, being a 1 in 2?, while in " Compression" it is 1 in 13!. 1 t Ifthink collniderig the leneth of cutting on Kew ' .1id1 tihis11is too .step ; (3) dutmbility of materials &-. In "Compres.ion" there are emiployed two (2) ,pile pi eres xpolld,; a pilu abutment lt Wt estern end t u? lont'ld illnlt inbankmenlt , tand :a sheet pile Sabutment on Kewslide.. With the exception of the ;i pilles iu the elllkiUlent, the timber substructure ..sp, i!llariged das to be iapable of easy remorlal and l replaeeiintlt; when wurn.. Tile " Vietorila" design eolllnrises brick abut11ents substanlially backed with nconerete, while the piers thiroulghout are of east ire w. Jl1!ihlese ,particulars the advantages are with I "\rictorit." . ".'r .Jienkins and I carefully considered the l quantities given in the estimnates is also the prices. is gl tIhol ;whole thel qtltities ire faithfullly drelured e: froluthe designs, and forl .the nmost part the rates , 0aro. fair. ,, .n i " It, is'coilputed that"Victoria" design could be . erected for- £10930 while the cost of "Comp tressiolln as r,1 reprelent.li.il the drlswing would be £4120, but the : ulditi!toliout!.hy thatfwolld be involved in bringing lthe gradients of the latter design to 1 in 20 (our .1 slotldald) woultl, be.,tli0i.,' making the total cost of it' p Ciprcssion"l' in such case -th810. It .".fj;lad pt the course of reporling singly in order ,t toleave Mr Jeokins, who Illhas.relered me.erery facility, perfectly free to make suggestions on other It .doignts, and tdyise on the question generally. 8,is,, - -.(Signed) ,: ... .IV. DAV.Inso, C.E." " e The Scr'etlTry (3r. Gardner) was instructed to r iniferli tiheCollilngwood. Council of what had been Si;,,Th? previous atwrds were confirmed. : 'The Secretory was instrlcted to write to the j gunpils itteresteddfor their contributions for de .signsprclimiinaryi expenses, &Be.;, and it was decided 1 on:ll th5-pe of.iprt t..te money,-to thand over the !ylrndst to the successfull colpetitors. the. of Tho.neeting then closed. S -nwal To 1,;'j , , . · '1V1i'dmcreeivred i'Vol. 1, -o. 1; of The'o Soitreri I71 'orid bf'l ei.re Lieraht're, Science, and frlg and T aL ,?dei*'fi c tifi 'Iteclr", price 'tdiopence. It is na neatly prilnted'iblieiltion 'of lsiXteen pages.. Thet' l1 'bi'i?ifibe?f?lis opensl' wIitllh a erial store by' A. S. r entitilkt- " Eigltty tihousand poinds." t sketchrli iiftiel' deaitl " ali, t'ith ' tings lin general, i titled ltiSli0bilities;': follows the'serial story. Next comes the first pa:It of "A ghost story of the period" by' T1. Nwnthitt?.l?Ve thethititre ii short piece of poetrs, I 'fl'iblegrave' by thl lli:' This is follooed by "ThIo R'eiii t o I)Dead Do,'." a' story of the 'good old. tiii'dby ;T.: : .1?e? find'a columnl for the ladies Liidel» i telldheldof!'" Dress' and' Flshidns." The' next striking article is a story entitled " Despair'" by E?ie'Rolf.Ili T:hin 0 hiave ansarticle lby the editor iift rilueing tle new journll ito the public; an amusing. I diniclecommenting oil current topics entitled "Tho Rh4nablul',t'ateolumn oritwo devoted to " Music and' the Dr.un," "Ani Exhibition Cantata" by A. 31,: oheofeotlie rej?eted ones,'e1 presume, an article bn 3 "!ifTeIChinlBie Qilestion," arnd some miscellanrieous" hfbtter'ilA i new jbhornal on the whole is readable ' Sndrid inter Stll? ?.! , h : ; ' j1/Pho recoptlon giren.to the Premier, as well as Stlhtttor!ite?f?uo!era.,i and ..the Chief Secretary,at' Mialdou oniThlursd?a?.might, was, says the Atlgs,: eerelltlhusialstio. MJr Serviee first explhined the prinlciples" of thte. Reform. BiUll, and then nalled. attention: to the contadictioss in the fire different im positiohs . tlcllh hi-d. been broughlt forward., by 3rj, UBery, dariage tile Ilist two years "and -a half, : losintillg out ilhat on Friday Mr.. erry contended. tt1at.the Governiaeent -vree reldueang the Counlcil; Sfr'ipchii-Og qo [100a, aidi don 0l0uesdLy issued a mani-r fosto proposinuetti- . dopltion :of the rate)yers' roll. MiJ-r. liviceinr?irloorkd that thils last renarkable Ihant i 'tgo ll?cp:. l rieii thee da;oathe period that:. 1Jooaia'i0 ai tiethe.vhal es belly:. Ihe;: Gorernment. Ihat?, proo.cdvhaib s-as ) reasona'?ble,,auild wshlat the, Cootaeil (lihoal t rwhios aid nitilingle could be done)t \1.Rouldepas,dbut. ,aoi.,pn kneo better: than iLMr. Bgty" tl?at.t~l: par.p ye' rolltand: tho doi; n aywa ofilla4no.ber'uallhnlihl.tion, otuld Inot .be agreed to', Tlieprernlneat saacaisemwouldeflfeetual lirgevnlt dpralt?.il q bthm aniifoesto.loeft theml totally; unpro u rded .or, oily. assortoing, a' principled at,t',wl!ieli there l.,as 1o.0 :diputspa is thleory, but syiiieh hlhi behecnt over .,and . ooer: -aain-a :ior-og?arded ;tn IIltirjre .i.?AtIing ::to personal i4at'taom)itr Ser'o ~arv e flat contridictisn to the ohaoderqpus titnment tht le.ehliad eatdos a week ssi I eough for a man to live on.H:. o correoted themis-? statement of Mr Gaunson respectinlg Mr Bent's offer oflilf fliis lazl, aniid shbied that Mir Berry was uiirreIIltfi ill Affect of liaeAudit Bill passed in r~hiithbclas fot ttidr'1s1,lio bnaithat tie obtoined s) ceti~Pxlii- ?.l tiotritifbthtpiurp0eaoiild scop?i) f the bill frdiAIthl'hil te ~idiffiLrar.u! :'rAe iintrijectio nabit ithd dll ,n?.-1Ft t?dtPSerice tlin opportuniity of tatoiog t haii'.nof be&n; on'r ar.Raiisay s psti ttve orers, i o??ob.tad~ morning After aini Mr al?.?erl' Mrr ansi.'"the mietini, siich fille" -h l.p~h lpi iiliihan tiiinanilousi vate s of confli 1'z8 '" i "tl thotib i." -t. "h abi ai:, .. a.?os,? ,:,21. atp mth o ,n . - 