Amusements. The benefit tendered to Kdward rriotett et the Victoria Theatre on Saturday Bight, mnst (end to t-Tilarpc tbe subscriptions. toTfaida deirayin^ tboox ppiifies of tho ohami-iou HOiill^r tu Knc^iund. tTn-mlct' w:m tbo pinca chosen for tlie ocesaion iu ihich Mr. S. IT. TesoeunBa.yedthenWeoftboro-.nl Dwne, Tntli 5'iha Laura 'Wisi-Tnnit in tir p»it uf tho unfortnncto (l])i:clia, enpported bv tho Visr*ria coci pi.ny. Hr. Tot-ce hftd ^vi'Rt courage in atttmijticfrai ctoiitcttr do diffionlt. atdone in wiiicli trn br.ve lately ai/eii ao many old oud tried actore nf r-bilit7, bat nevprtbfltss t'aoro v/cs corae nifrit ia his pcr 'ormariCC, tliotip.li in pome ' in&tftuceiB; Iib t»ok most nnwarraotablo libertioB vrith tho toxt. Tbis vras botioeable S6nsra,ll7 afttr any Gnmonstration tpnthe part of the andicccs. Bud May bo attributod to nerrouaDRsis moro thati went of slui'y. Another f?.nlt was his voice and qniolc mtia ncr of speaking, ro fast at times that, to one sitting !'iy diataao9 bock, it Tras diulcnlt to cttch the vrords. lictv*!v*)r, many yonuj actors have failed in this difficult charaotcr, vho havo aftcrvrards shone on the KtaTs. Miiia Wieeman was a very fair Ophelia. j~.tr. Vinot.iit played the Ghost with fiiir sneoaea, and t-io rentof tho cbaracteri were well ve:se-~ in thoirre fpeatfve parLi. To- nifht the Idngardi Epposr at. !!.:» tbe.itre in ' (Stolen Eisaos.' TJ:-!re vriie aerovrded hoofie on Satnrday erenintf «' tha Tb.eatte lvoTal.on the ooooRi'-n of tbofii-Rt liir'irr-'nuce nf ' Still Waters ran D.ip,' by tho L.ieJou Como'Iy Compo.tiy. To lovera of bipli-elaBS o iLiedy (Jin porformiinoo was a frreat trent, tte wbolo of these ialrinir part in itbetia^ -L to tlic manner bint,' au-3 rho KppointmestsiiiEiiichaomplntescpa&s; Vieit-jr.^ to Ilir Moyz\ haTe be-i-n accustomed *n ce& aiucn tli!! invent of this ta)ent?dcom])iny. In (ho ' rcronmin.T ' fftrce entitled ' Stage Struck,' whioh concluded the Drocraainjo, Hivs Ansio Taylor plajed Sslly Eoragffs. pnd Mr. J!. J. Eobnrls Tc.m Tape. They kepi tha audiepco iu r&art; of laughter by tbfiir Btage strnok oeii'ntrioitiei. Mr. Eoberts's linrli-eque of the opera, 'Eolietniii.n Girl' rret eo r*plftte with humour as to u.r.lc-i tho entiro undicico langh beyond &U; ruods rato linaitu, Gjsd thoyinEietod i:poa 'sis siufjiag moro than he firfit intexded, or that any perton could be rmsonab'y oipeated to endevtako. Alto^otner, the ovcninff'B entertainment was a cupilml one. and will bo repeated every evoninpr during tho preaont week, aft^r which the pre-eminently successful ooniedy, 'Frionde,' vrill be reproduced, to be fol lowed by Jiyron's well-knovra aud cipprooiatod comedy ' Our ]3oj s.' On Saturday evening at the Queen's, tbo drama of 'Grimaldi' was urodascd, with Mr. Damnioroua *aininp tho rolo of tho aged comedian. Although uomewhat out of thp regular repetoire of this talented actor, tbe performance of the piece was in every way acceptable to a large and fashionable audience. An AmoricaH production, entitled '? Tho Greta Hills of the Far 'West,' brought the evening's ontortainmcut to a cloce. Tho firal performance of the Hyperion pjxtyattho School of Arts will b» given as a benefit to Professor Bioe.tHs evening. Au additional attraction will be erivan to tho entortairiineut, oompnaed of an infant nioniat. Wast fir Frederick Griffiths, whose age is oniv fte?GBl vein, but wjiobs udrlornianopB nn tlia t imoforte arc slid to be Euffloiently wonderful as to justify hio being naued tha 'infant,' or 'tho Australian Eotton.' A most suocesBful concert, to oelobratt the intugu rat'un of the Sydney Typographical Association, was Kiven in th« Temperanoe Hall, Pitt-street, on Saturday night. The hall -was well filled with an audiciico whose sympathies were ovidenty with the performers and the promoters of the ooncort. Tksre rroro over 20 numbers on the programme, besides tho share tsken in ths proceedings by Professor Barker, with hia ' Temple of Mystery.' The most noticeable piocas were tho overture by Mr. Granvillo Brown, an iiictrumentalnnirtetteby MdBr.rs. Tndehope, Mote, licrDBi't.Rlin l- lower, a Dal lad by Mr. W. Byan, a vocal qnartottc f' Chafer»') by Messrs Holmos, Steward, Herbnrt, and Flower, and a oomio eonf nntitled ' Aio you there, MoriartyP' by Mr. f! Leston. Mr. Gr/mville Brown acted an acrompRiniBt, ?.Ir. W. Herbert as conduotor, nnd the Putoroham ba^d vae also in attendance. 