SPECIALITIES. THE month through which we are now passing, though with us devoid of those characteristics of florid affluence and midsummer fervor which at home make it so handy a metaphor for all that ia warm in love and rich in beauty, has nevertheless, in Brisbane at any rate, a certain distinction of its own, of a sacred rather than a poetical character, which marks it out from all the other months of the year. There must be something peculiarly and almost millennially sacred about a Beason during which even one dasß of rogues agree, as if with one consent, to forsake their iniquities, and to devote at least one month to the experiment of whether honesty be indeed the beat policy. If there be auy who fancy that we are merely idealising, we appeal for confirmation to those careful housekeepers who are in the habit of weighing and measuring whatever artioles of consumption are purveyed to them by the various tradesmen with whom they deal. We guarantee that by the end of June they will add their testimony to ours that the current month is distinguished from all others in the Kalendar by an almost total dearth of dishonest dealiug in the matter of weights and measures. We have been at Home pains to trace the origin of this superstition in connection with the special period of the year during which it exercises so benigu an influence. But we have failed. We can discover no notable event in the annals of roguery which would account for this singular intercalary month of square-dealing honesty. Perhaps it is as well we have not succeeded, as the historical origin of a custom does not always lend a reason for its perpetuation. It is at all times dangerous to disturb a beautiful superstition. We have far too few of them here, and would not be the worse of two or three more. We quite agree with the wicked Huxley that, if people could be got to believe that every lie they told would be followed by a month of toothache, it would be a pity to undeceive them afterwards ; and similarly, though we of course square our own life on the true principle of being honest all the year round, we have no mind to disturb a superstitious regard for times and seasons which results even for the space of one month only in securing u« 10oz. to the pound. We go still farther. It raises our idea of human nature to know that even to theße men, whom we regard as worse than professional thieves, inasmuch as they rob the trustful customer under the hypocritical guise of legitimate trade, —that even to these men there clings such a residue of religion as induces them to vary their kalendar of improbity with a whole Sabbath-June of reputable service. And when we remember that, iv putting away oat of sight for a season their light weights and short measures, they do so spontaneously, and out of sheer desperate clinging to the remnant of good that is in them But who is this that thrusts a newspaper under our nose, saying unto us, "See this. We needn't bother about weighing the loaf for a while now !" No matter who ; but this is what: " Notice. —The inspector notifies that the annual inspection of weights and mea* sures will take place during the present month, of which business people are requested to take notice." Dr. Eeltnack must be a man of unusually keen observation, or he would not, duriDg his short visit, have been able to form so shrewd an estimate of the ability of some of our public men. We cannot say we approve of public lec turers pointing their discourse with examples from amongst their audience, and sympathise very sin cerely with one of our legislators in having been selected as an illustration of a very common form of emptiness that hopeß to make up in bound what it lacks in matter. Surely there are in the world sham orators enough of foreign growth to choose from, wherewith to furnish a lec ture, without seizing upon co specially local a product as the gentlemans elected, and we cannot think the doctor displayed good taste in choosing one of our youthful legislators to Bet up as a warning and example to hid fellow citizeuß. The lecturer certainly avoided men tioning him by name, but this was the merest affectation of generosity when drawing a picture that no one could mistake. Here ia Dr. Kely nack's portrait:—" He courted the grandilo quent, which was as precious to him as a golden nugget. He put all bis goods iv bis shop wiu dow, and talked familiarly of Aristotle, Milton, Bacon, and others ; and with a little poetry and superabundance of brass flamed before bis audience like a sun when ho wua only a rush light, and got credit for beiug ati orator when in truth he was only a prater." On readiDg this we sympathised with the individual indicated, as we invariably do with anyone who ban to en counter pitilees truth of an unpalatable eort, not whispered in his ear in friendly warning, but blared out in public ; but at the same time wo cherished a hope that the leueon might be taken to heart, and that the victim might be led to thin k that by cultivating a more modest reticence be would perchance bo more likely to pane for a man of Benae and judgment. Circumstances, however, have been against such reform. Unhappily for hiH reputation, he baa been appointed to the editorship of n. moribund daily paper, and, as the columns must be filled in aome way, the unfor tunate editor has been compelled to spread biuißelf over them, and scrape together dis jointed gleanings from general literature for the manufacture of editorial?. As a man who is his own editor may remain blind to bis own folly, we will take one of these hapless editorials to show how little the writer has profited by Dr. Kely nack'a lecture. Wo will take a typical leader, which commences with what Lord Peterborough told Wai pole he had just heard from Swift. This forms the first paragraph, and carries us six inches down the column. Then we get to come reflections about the "bitterest thoughts of a statesman," and as these, it seems, arc prompted by a lack of appreciation from the public, we can entirely understand the tone of melancholy that pervades this passage. Next we get to " Colton's Lacon," a long quotation from which familiar work explains the similarity between great meu and comets, and this brings us down to a little snatch of poetry, after which comes the Vicar of Bray, and the article winds up with what Achilles said to Ulysses. The purport of the whole we believe to be that friends should be true to one another, but this is merely conjecture, the reader being glad enough to escape from the medley with nothing more serious than- the loss of the writer's meaning. On a subsequent occasion the leading columns of our contemporary were filled with the re quisite quantity of print, the purport of which we understand to be that the Courier has attained old age and arrived »t second childhood. From the affliction that it be lieves has overtaken the Courier, the journal in question is at all events safe. It enjoys a beautiful immunity from all risk of maladies that come only with old age, the iudis cretionß of youth being pretty certain to ex tinguish it before years of discretion have been attained. We trust, however, that th« rush light desirous of flaming as a sun miy, before guttering foolishly down to the socket, learn that his proper sphere is the stable-lantern, Bhining dimly from which he may do Bonie humble service, whereas the attempt to illumi nate the universe can only end in his being snuffed out in a gust of derision. It is wonderful what bother and even Buffer ing an Englishman, or, not to be invidiously exclusive, say a Britisher, will willingly under go rather than part with a small sum of money when a principle is involved in the matter in question. Were we the leader-writer of the Observer, instead of an obscure and unlearned " Speciality-man," we would, of course, take the opportunity here of informing the public that it wm not the amount of the tax impoaed under the guise of ship-money which induced John Hampden to resist the demands made in the name of his Sovereign, and that he would have resitted all the same if he had been assessed to the amount of only one halfpenny. Having played off our historical instance, we would then observe that the heart of the Englishman is still the same even when it beats in Queensland Instead of under its ancestral skits ; and, if our book of quotations w«re handy, we Bhould probably go on to remark that " Ccelum nun auimum mutant gui trans mare currunt." But we must confess that in Queensland there are very few oppor tunities of doing the Hampden—even the " Village Hampden." Our rights are so many, and our wrongs are so few, that it is difficult to see where even the latter gentleman has the chanoe of showing his capabilities. We doubt if the poet Qray would find in our " country churchyards" a single "village Hampden" worth a mention,especially considering that the "tyrant of our fields," if such an entity exists, is merely our collective selves. But if Mr. Hampden is out of date, for want of a chance, we are not sure that Mrs. Hampden is equally anachronous. It will be rather a singular illustration of the increased influence of the so-called weaker sex in our day if a revolutionary outburst against the injus tice (?) of the Divisional Boards system should originate among the female portion of the com munity; and, considering that women are so much more prone to deal with the concrete than the abstract, it will be still more surprising if the resistance Bhould be evoked, not by the amount demanded, but on account of the principle involved. If we may trust the reports of correspondents, men are grumbling everywhere about what they will have to pay, but being a law-abiding race, and having themselves had a hand in the law making, they will pay it all the same. Not so the women. There is danger in that quarter. Valuators are learning a good deal just now, not only about property, but about the properties of female nature ; and from what we have heard we would warn the Govern ment to be prepared for phenomena of a violent description. We have only space for one authentic illustration of what we ure speaking about, from which it will be plainly seen that the disaffection we hint at is of that dangerous kind which is not to be diverted by the smalluess of the pecuniary consideration. A valuator for a district in the immediate neighborhood of the metropolis had just completed his survey of Mrs. Harapdeu's property, and informed her that she would be assessed to the annual amount of 18d. "In deed !" scornfully replied Mrs. H.. "aud what if I don't pay your rubicund 18d.?" "In that case they will put in the bailiff." "Then God help the bailiff," cried Mrs. H., " for I'll murder him!" Somewhere in his essay on " Liberty," Mill says that the full force and significance of common sayings is often not realised till some sudden calamity brings home their truth to us with a lamentable directness there is no mis taking. We are suddenly made conscious of the correctness of John Stuart'B observation. We have, Bince our adolescence, accepted the fact that it were as well to hang a dog as give him a bad name ; but, while receiving this as an un questioned truth, we have been conscious that were we in the dog's case we would rather have a name of the most execrable description at tached to us than that we ourself should be attached to a rope. This of course was ouly a proof of misguided judgment, but then the ap plicability of tho proverb had never been brought home to ua in a sufficiently Btriking inannor to euable ua to look with equal indiffer ence on dofamutiou and suspension. An incident bat* at length occurred, however, that enforces the soundness of the old adage in a manner that makes its full meaning come to us as a reve lation. Oo May 1 last we charged the Emparor Nero with having ordered Perillus to be shut up and roasted in the brazen bull of that ingenious artificer's design. Of the really important fact we had got a firm hold— namely, that Perillus waa done to a turn by the order of some ancient and irresponsible Bwell; then, glanoing in a cursory sort of manner back to the infinite azure of the past, we at once fixed upou Nero as au eminently proper person to fasten the iniquity on. We were entirely satis fied that we had apportioned the guilt in a thoroughly judicious manner when a note from an old Etonian at the Valley of Lagoonß causes us to reflect whether it would not after all have been hotter for Nero, if his ghost is susceptible to mortification from unmerited calumny, to have been struug up early in life with one of his own fiddle-strings rather than to have acquired a name that invites us, eighteen hundred and eleven years and ten months after his death, to hold him responsible for a deed perpetrated six hun dred years before his birth. Our correspondent writes :—" It was uot Nero the Roman Emperor to whom Perillus offered his brazen bull; but Phalaria, tyrant of Agrigentum, in Sicily, who was himself subjected by his people to the same fate as the unlucky inventor Perilluß. Phalaris was dead 600 years before the birth of Nero, who has certainly enough of his own to answer for without being made responsible for what hap pened some twenty generations before he was born." We are obliged to the correspondent who puta us right in this matter, while at the same time clearing a defunct monarch from an unjust aspersion. We apologise to the manes of Nero, but having regard to hie infamous char acter, the old adage, and our own inaocuraoy, we are bound to say—" hang him." 