OUR HOME LETTER. [from oar Special Correspondent, j l-oodoD, September 24-. ? oD4ioo wircouc » nouse ot Uomoianj looks as strarge a* IxelanJ would be without its ParnelL It has been rendered all the more gloomy by the simultaneous disappearance of summer. II such weather aa we are navmg now had happened to the House when in flexion it wonld have been prooouowd by the Came ronians a sign of the displeasure of Heaven on modern radicalism. London has seldom been so wretched at this season of the year. To take yesterday as an example, it began with a dull hazy atmosphere. About 11 o'clock the haze thickened into drizzle, and after midday the drizzle became a Scotch miat — a Londoner's worst and last conception of horror. Towards evening the process waa reversed, the dry mist coming back again, and when people should hive been going to bed the onter atr became for the first time endurable. We hear froni the pro vinces of excessive rain in all the low- lying parts. Fortunately for the farmers most of them had secured their crops before this weather broke, though in the Midlands it ia not a rare thing to see great fields of stooks under water. Further north they have bad the rain in moderation, and with occasional intervals, but thsy have had more grain, out, and it is being materially damaged. In Scotland there have been some dry cold days, with nights verging on frost, which have saved the harvest so far. The first part was got in in capital con dition, and what remained after the weather broke is being stacked as rapidly as possible. Everywhere the farmers are congratulating themselves upon a splendid- crop, but I heir within the past day or two that where threshing waa commenced there is a disappoint ing yield. Tbis may happen to be local only, but there is an impression in the market that the general outcome will fall short of expectations. It is ominous that the Americans should have resumed heavy shipments. THS COURT. The greater part of the royal family is on Dee side, the Prince and Princess of Wales having gone north last week to Abergeldie. The Prince allows himself this autumn a very short .spell among the deer, as he has many engage ments elsewhere. He returns south early in October for the purpose of proceeding to Paris, which he likes in autumn quite aa much as Abergeldie. He is to pay a round of visits among his many friends in France, and it is possible that with his ready tact and good sense he may be able to render some service to the friends of peace who begin to feel really dis quieted about .the outlook for spring. Her Majesty continues in increasing seclusion, and proposes to prolong her stay at Balmoral till November. She has been exercised a good deal over the recent appointments of Lords in Waiting. Mr. Gladstone's choice of men was seriously limited by the action of the House on the Irish Disturbance Bill. He could not confer honours on Peers who only a few weeks ago were in open defiance of the Govern ment or holding an attitude of armed neutrality. This disqualified many of the older men who would have beea most acceptable- to Her Majesty and less susceptible to her dislike of strange faces. About Lord Dalhousie's selec tion there was cot much difficulty. He had gone straight, and as au old friend of the Duke of Edinburgh — with whom he sailed for many years in the Galatea — he could not be un welcome to the Court. Lord Sandhurst is a very young and a very colourless but an ad vanced Liberal. Lord Thurlow is a retired diplomatist, who owed a great deal to his father in-law, the late Earl of Elgin, whose Private Secretary he was in China. But there will be little doing at Court tbis winter. The Princess of Wales is t« pay another long visit to Copen hagen. It is said' that the Duchess of Edin burgh will remain abroad. The Duke and Duchess of Connaught have been among the most popular of the Emperor's guests at the autumn manoeuvres. The Bacchante is off again with the two young Princes, this time for a long cruise, as she is not expected home again till the end of next year. MS. GLADSTONE. The Prime Minister is enjoying the first thorough rest he has had for a loug time, bat absolute passivity is impossible to him. Last Sunday he read the prayers in his son's church at Ha warden, and there was a crowded congre gation. The Hawarden people must be good diviners to have been able te forewarn their friends of the expected treat. Tae Grantully Castle trip has done him a world of good, aad Mr. Donald Currie proposes to build a steamer as a permanent souvenir of the event. It is to be laid on forthwith, and may be finished before the close of the year. Mrs. Gladstone has con sented to christen it and its name will be the Hawarden Castle. Mr. Currie's friends say that the cruise round Scotland cost him a trifie over six hundred pounds, but it is possible that the shareholders of the Company may insist on having it charged to general expenses. I believe that Mr. John Cowau, who is a large holder, and who accompanied the party, is of this opinion. There are other holders among Mr. Gladstone's sup porters in the North, and Mr. Donald Currie has perhaps been getting a little too much credit fer liberality at their expense. The whirligig of time brings its revenges. Why, last time that a Gladstone Government was in power this same Ourrie Company started a nest of hornets about the ears of Mr. Robert Lowe, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, for alleged favouritism to the Union Steam Company in regard to the new mail contract. Mr. Lowe, who perhaps did not know Donald Currie from Sir -Benjamin Philippe, the Chairman of the rival line, signed a contract with the Union for eight years ; and the Ourrie party made such a row in tha House that it had to be quashed and a new arrange ment entered into, throwing open the mails to both lines. It will be long before Baron Sher brooke ia found starring it in the Grantully Castle. sra vnixiAM HAEcoraT. It is but poetic justice that the Minisier who madeit hottest for his predecessors should have the biggest share of the hot water in his own boot. Sir William Harcourt's turn has come, and one can picture Sir Richard Cross at his breakfast-table of a morning, rubbing his hands over the letters and paragraphs which make free with the administration of the Home Office. Sir William has been trying to take care of the .'great unpaid,' but unfortunately the. little law that they know is greater than the little which he knows, and his endeavours to teach them to suck eggs have been marred by his having an addled one to make his experi ment with. Sir William is a politician of parts —that is, dramatic parts. He is always casting about for a role to fit his new situatioas. When standing for Derby he surprised Mr. Plimsoll and his friends by the unction witii which he asserted the importance of religion in politics. It took him some time to select a role for the Home Office, but he has decided at last. He is to be a philanthropic Home Secretary. His heart has been moved by the spectacle of little boys being committed to prisons, to tha detriment of their morals and the shame of their families. So far, good. But his impulses ran ahead of his acquaintance with the Statutes he has to administer. In qoasbing a sentence passed upon a juvenile, he suggested that the rod was the proper punishment for such offenders An astute Justice's clerk had him on the hop at once, by showing that in the case at issue the Magistrates had had no alternative, as the Statute provided no other punishment than imprison ment. 8ir William has thrust himself, therefore, into this beautiful dilemma: By an official circular he has forbidden Magistrates to imprison small boys, and the law as it stands forbids them to do anything el*e. Ergo, the small boys who fall into the clutches of Policeman X are fast losing all their respect for the now powerless and once formidable functionary. A few days back a stone-throwing urchin was brought before a Metropolitan Magistrate, and had it Droved against him that he was a nuisance to the district he lived in. The Magistrate asked his father if he could pay a fine for him, aud the father, who no doubt reads his Daily Telcaraph, religiously answered that he could notT Mr. De Eesheu shook his magisterial head and dis missed the prisoner, as he could not venture to disobey the Home Secretary, who had temporarily suspended the law. At Wolver bampton the case of another larrikin has come home to roost in Whitehall, with a spice of humour about it. The boy's father had no money to pay a fine with and no goods to distrain upon. By the advice of their clerk the Magistrates adjourned the case for a week, Jthat a copy of the evidence might be sent to the Home Secretary with a request for further instructions wh»t to do. Sir William is at this moment yachting ou the W(et coast in a vessel which he borrowed for a few weeks from Lcrd Provost Collina of Gl^gow. Some of tbe Magistrates have beea enquiring where he is likely to call aext, with k view to sendiDg a deputation to him. Even ' poor Bruce' Eever got into such a scrape as this of 'Historicus,' and he was more pitied. The Si. James's Gasrttr is hngely delighted at the first stumble of its bugbear, the aharp-tocgued Home Secretary. It closes a note on the Wolverhampton iarriiin with the observation that 'Sir William Harcoart was never taken seriously as a practical politician, still lesa as tie fitting chief of a difficult department of administration.' After all, it is hsrd on a man to get dished through a trumpery Police Act. Jtnrcnx changes. The death of Chief Baron Kelly removes a remarkable man from the Bench and opens the door to Mr. Gladstone for a fine shuffling of judicial patronage. There is sn idea that Sir Henry James would accept the vacant seat on the understanding that it did not disqualify him for tbe Chancellorship should that fall ia during the present administration. If Mr. Glad stcne is in a retrenching mood he might abolish the cilice altogether, without affecting the efficiency of the Beech. The Lord Chief Barou's extra two thousand a year has latterly re presented nothing but a name. He does pre cisely the same duties as the other Judges. At the Bar. of course, abolition and retrenchment would be both unpopular. The most remark able characteristic of tbe late Lord Chief Baron war his bad luck in politics and the financial ?offering which it entailed upon him to the ecd of bis Jerg life. In order ts get into Par liament he had to contest a series of the most corrupt and costly boroughs in England. Victory was a greater misfortune to him than defeat, for it entailed a petition, and petitions in those days were ruinous. When Sir Fitzroy Kelly had exhausted his own means he obtained large advances from a friend. These ran up by degrees to £40,000, and when he was elevated to tbe Bench a claim was made for payment. By an arrangement with his lenient creditor he undertook to pay so much a year oat of his salary, and it was this millstone roand bis neck that iept him on tbe Bench long after ne would otherwise have retired. It haa amazed me to find how macy distinguished ornaments of the Bench have been similarly overweighted -with politics, and never been able to free themselves. They have grasped at the political fruit before they had established themselves firmly in their profeB&ioD;, and made themselves independent of it if need be. Two or three unsuccessful elections load them with 'debt, and unless they have an exceptional run of practice for a number of yearh they do not get their heads up again. Many of the leaders of the Bar at this moment are comparatively poor men. Their harvest is ioo short, and tbe drain upon it by thf ir election agenis too heavy for all but the luckiest to stand easily. A JLTIX 12» IBFTAND. Nobody has beeu shot in Ireland for at least a week, I believe, and there is also a lull in the houghing of cattle, as well as in the nouring forth of intlammatory harangues. But the farmers themselves have been active in protest ing, alter their peculiar manner, against the ex action of rent. A new punishment has been devised for evicting landlords. It was put in force last Sunday at Eiversdale, a farm about five miles from Longhrea, Galway. A procession started after mass from Loaghrea, and at the rendezvous it was joined by several other crowds. Ore oi these consisted of a thoussnd tenant-farmers, marshalled by themselves, and with a band of music at their head. The joint processions now marched to the place from which a man earned Birmingham bad been evicted. His crop was still standing, and the mob march ing over the fields trod it down, while the women scattered it hither and thither. The next pro ceeding was to throw dowu the stone walls aod to cut the hedges. Various other deputations arrived while the work of vengeance was goirg on, and tbey all joined in heartily. In the end there were 5.C00 men and women tramping about over the fields, and destroying everything on them, to the very weeds. The demonstration closed with a public meeting, presided over by a tenant-farmer, but not honoured with the presence of 8Dy Home Kule member. A landlord near Tuam has also had experience of Irish tenantry. H« purchased a email estate not many months ago, and at harvest, as there were no rents forthcoming and lt promise of any, he advertised it for sale again. That pleased the land reformers still less, for a mob visited him during the night and burned a number of stacks of hay he had caused to be cut. They rendered the same service to a tenant whose loyalty there was reason to doubt. Land meetings continue to be held every Sun day, but the ' reformers' are generally repre sented by letters of apology, avowing confidence of speedy success, THE CLOSE OF TUB HOLIDA.T3. The holiday season ia likely to be abruptly shortened by the bad weather, though why people should hurry back to London in days like these I am at a loss to imagine. It is the most uncomfortable place conceivable out of Singa pore. Nothing shatters the plans of tourists or disturbs the: campaigns of Mr. Cook like a few wet days. Tourists loae heart, and begin to long for tome comforts as a change from hotel miseries. Already a perceptible difference can. be observed in the City, aad though business is sure in transition, business men are now ou the spot ready to put their hands to whatever offers. There is more tendency to hopefulness than I can remember to have noticed for years. If only politics could be kept under lock and key when Dot wanted the City would soon be boo; ant again. Bat there is always some cloud on the foreign horizon. A month ago great anxiety was felt about Kandahar and the danger of a new campaign in Af ghanistan. That has disappeared, but only to make room for a Dulcigno crisis. It cannot be said that many Britons care a rash about Dulcigno, or; are very clear in their ideas of where it is, but the foreign Bourses are sensitive on the point, ? and their depression at once com municates itself to London. Dariag the past ten days Berlin and Vienna have been what teems to us absurdly downcast about the Monte negro difficulty. Even Government securities have been sept down by the sensational tele grams about bombarding Dulcignc, and specula tion has beenlchecked. This has caused foreign operators in [London, which are usually busy about this time, to bold their hands, and there is decided dulness on the Stock Exchange. From what I can hear- there is more activity in ordinary trade, and City bouses are preparing for a large autnmn business. Staples of all kinds tend upward, and the rush to buy before things get dear is showing itself. PBOSPECT8 OF THE GKAEf TBAB. Behind the general belief that we have not had such a harvest for many years, there id, as I have hinted, some misgivings as to the out turn. There is still more- apprehension about the [proceedings of the American grain specu lators. It is already reported that the Chicago ring, which made such a fiasco last season, is about to be reformed. It did the British farmer good service during the winter by steadying the markets, when, had wheat been rushed across the Atlantic, there would have been a collapse. The announcement that it is to be tried again causes, therefore, no alarm. A more startling rumour r uts it that the Western farmers have been invited to 'stand in' with tha Chicago speculators, and lock up all the grain in tbe West until next year. The arrivals at New York do not indicate that the big scheme is on its feet yet One day this week 180,000 qr. were received from the interior. In Minnesota the farmers are taking 25 cents a bushel, or 22s. a quarter, for any quantity of wheat. The owner of the famous Dalrymple farm, the largest in the world, saye that he will be able to land wheat in Liverpool at 32s. a bushel and have a fair profit. The Mark-lane average has already dropped to less than 40s., which is nearly 8s. below the corre sponding avenge of last year. In barley there has been a heavier drop, the average at this time last year having been 43s. 2d. per quarter, while cow it is 33s 5d. Thin is not fortunate for Mr. Gladstone and tbe repealers of the malt ducy. They led the farmers to expect that barley would pay better when released from fiscal restrictions, but the maltsters are te have the best cf it again this season. There are no definite estimates yet to hand of the American surplus, but all tbe reports represent it to be enormous. On the Pacific coast alone there will be five million quarters available for export. At preient the deliveries of home wheat ranges from 40,000 to 50,000 quarters a week. New grain is only coming forward in tbe early southern counties. Later reports from the Midlands say that the late floods have done much more harm than was supposed. LiBOCB TBOCW.ES. Tbe optimists who fancy that a month or two hence we shall again be advancing by leaps aud loueds, forget sometimes that there is a third party to consult who has not been heard yet. The wcrkicg man must have his say before we can Le sure that trade is really to revive. It is beyond question that his present condition is hard in most industries. In the iron and coal districts he is earning little, if any, more than before the ' boom' of 1872. In Lancashire he is worse paid on the whole than be has ever been in this generation. He will not gee the masters making the least paring of profit with out claiming his share oi it; but the masters affirm that they are making no profit, and will not listen to his demands. A great lock-out in Lancashire is one of the contingencies which may ruin ' our dreams of autumn prosperity. On neither side is there any disposition to fight or to act rashly. Tbe men have borne themselves with great consideration, and their leaders have felt the responsibility resting on them. When they had exhausted every means in their power of effecting an arrange ment they shrank from casting the die, which might mean misery and starvation for a whole winter. They asked the masters to receive a deputation of delegates from the works, new men who had not been involved in the pass cegotiatiocs, and whose judgment wonld be accepted as the real voice ot their fellowwork men. The masters agreed, and a conference on this basis was held at Manchester on Tuesday. The delegates wwhed the masters to refer the demand for a rise to arbitration, but the mill owners have evidently let their faces against the intervention of third parties. Their argu ment, is that co individual factory can be taken as i«preB*nt&tive; of a district, much less of the county, each work varying in result with the accidents of management or of new or old machinery, THB THEATRES. The winter swallows aie returning to town in the shape of actors and managers. There were a round of first nights last Saturday, at which lesding favourites were welcomed back. The chief event was at the Lyceum, wfiere Mr. Irving presented his long-promised and eagerly expected revival of '? The Corsican Brothers.'^ It was known that in preparing it he had had the willing help of Alma Tadems and other dis tinguished artists. For stage management toe Ljcenm has passed as far ahead of competition as the manager bircself has in acting. It waa certain there would be brilliant spectacles aa ?well as profoundly iDteregt:cg dramatic studies The weird rcene ic Fontaioebleau Forest made the Herb creep, acd the ballroom at the Paris Cpera-Housa was a blaze of magnificence and beauty. Mr. Irvicg's own share in the per formance was not leas succeasful. There are many critics who regret that he should have spent bis geuim both as actor acd minaeer on a plsy so indifferent as the adventures of the Fr&cchis.; But it is possible to have the copular imagination stroDgly seized by rm terisJs which do net btar close ex lanuation. 1 The ' Corsican Brothers' teems to have such a power iodep* ndeutly of its merit*. Charles £ean found that it had, and to none of the older dramatists does Mr. Irving pay so much deference as to Kean. Fechter a.ud Herman Vtzin have also put life in the dry bones when the critics would have buried them. Mr. Irving followed the instincts of the profewion rather than of the litt^raieurs, acd he has been right again. Louis and Fabian de Franchi are once more liviDg beings on tbe stage, and they promise this time to have a long life, Mr. Irvine has so often proved his judgment of public taste to be better than either the critics or the play wrights. Bat the public now expect to be de lighted with whatever he pats on the stage. It ba singular illustration, not of the tenacity of a fashion, as some explain it, but of a personal gift of divining tbe effect of certain iniiuences on the popular fancy. MB. LBVIHG'S ' COBSJCAIf HE0THEES ' It is quite intelligible why the critics should all boil at Mr. Irving for giving such a mag nificent Betting to a ghost story with not much poetry in it. On the other hand, it illustrates the thoroughness of the artist to haye done a thing in the beat possible .style because he thought it worth doing. The ' Coraican Brothers,' put on as it might be in any other theatre, or even as Charles Ke--n put it on in his inn of revivals, would certainly never draw. But when the public have visited the Lyceum two or three times, and begin to realize what is really done on the stage, they will become more of the tcannger's opinion than the sneerer's. The first act opens on tin ante-room, with great oik doors heavDy moulded, and surmounted with massive carving, an oak cbimneypitce rising five or six feet above the fireplace, and with a centre panel in which si ms are clustered. The furni ture is scanty, but all massive, and even clumsy. Every piece of it is the fac simile of articles in use in Corsican houses of the better class not many years ago. The ante-rcom opens behind on a corridor, through which can be seen the foliage of stately old trees. The second act represents the masked ball in the Paris Opera-House, and the first sight is magnificent. The stage is completely enclosed with tiers of opera boxes painted in white and gold, acd hung with red silk curtains. Near the footlights we a few settees and long seats in the same style of decoration. These are intended to separate the characters of the play when necessary from the action of the masters behind. The play and the ball proceed alter nately. First the ball is going on with about a hundred fantpntically dressed people taking part in tte dance. There is a lull, and Louis de Franchi Jcomes forward looking for Emily. His friends join him, and last of all Chateau Keynaud. The drama tells itself in their conversation, and there is another dance by the masters, or rather by a new set of them. After it Chateau Beyuaud is quizzed about his gallantry, and Emily, who is looking for him to get back her letters, appearing at that moment, suggests to him the intsmous thought of making her proof of his triumphs: Three or four dances acd interludes occupy the masked ball scene, and it is succeeded by the vestibule of the Optra-house, in which Chateau Eeynaud has BEked Bmily to wait for him. Their interview occupies about two minutes and a half, acd in that time the entire stage behind is being re volutionized without a breath of noise reaching the audience. It is amazing what can be done by a clever stage manager, but this surpa»ses all that had been attempted in celerity and silence. Three big gasaliers, containing nearly five hundred lights — real lights with gas actually turned on from the meteer— are lowered and removed bodily. The tiers of opara boxes are pulled apart and stowed away. The stage is cleared of furniture, acd it is transformed into the Couot's bachelor apart ments, where he has appoioted to receive his friends at 4 o'clock on the morning of the ball. The rooms coctain & real piano, aod a variety of settees, console tables, stands, &c;, stands on a flat with an archway curtained. Behind tbis curtain the eupper table is being prepared while the Count wait* for his gnests. The ladies are impatient to set to, but the Count forbids utstil Chateau Beycaud shall have had a chance of wiDcicg his bet. But they declare that tbey will at le»st have some wine, and pulling apart the curtain they disclose a Bet supper table brilliantly lighted. It being too far back for gas, the electric light has been ingeniously Bdopted, and is worked from the sides. The third act takes place in the Forest of Footainebleau, acd the duel is fought under a huge oak which stretches its gnarled jcow-clsd branches over the whole breadth of tbe itsge. It gives reality and &t; the same time weirdctss to tbe background. The mounting of these scenes — the three of them — cost Mr. Irving fully £2,C00, aod as much mere was spent on dresses. If one had space there could be some interesting details given of how the styles were rummaged for and how difficult it was to get eome ot them reproduced. The evening diess of the period of tbe masked ball con sisted nominally of tbe black swallow-tail and pants of our own day, fc\«-- they were cat in a totally different way. It reauired several months' experimenting acd remaking to get the proper cut, aod when doce it is something wonderful. Tbe trousers-, of Louis and bis fast friends fit like a glove without appearing tight. Thty aie exceedicgly graceful on the right kind of leg, and the artist who produced them is, I believe, being already enquired for. How far it will pay Mr. Irving to expend so much skill and money on a confessedly poor melo drama has j et to be decided, but his first four nights have been very encouraging. The second night, which, as you know, is the most critical for a new piece, produced more money than any second eight there has ever been at the Lyceum. The forward booking is almost as brisk as forjSbylock, who had the advantage of appearing et the height cf the Loodon season. Though the house is crowded uightly in every part the greatest pressure is on the pit and galleries — a Dew thing in Mr. Irving's experieoce. If he has Lad an empty seat anywhere it has usually been in the gallery, but cow there are hundreds turned away from the galleries every night. 'The Corsican Brothers' is making to some extent a new audience for itself. It is playing the part, in fact, the autumn opera does to tbe regular season at Covent Garden. THB BCfWIAUD HIIX MEMORIAL. This memorial has succeeded better than many kindred movements of late years. At a meeting of the committee held this week it was reported that over £16,0CO was in hand, and most of it was invested. A discovery has been made at the Treasury that there is a surplus of an old fund collected many years ago for the relief of the widows of certain Post-Office officials. It is intended to wait on Mr. Glad stone acd consult him about the advisability of amaJgstrating this extinct trust with the Row land Hill Memorial, aa they have in a broad secse the same object. The committee have, after much thought and enquiry, decided on the most suitable site for the statue, namely, in the open space at the south-east corner of the Royal Exchange facing Corchill. They have further resolved to fix the amount to be expended on the statue at £2,000, aud to invite designs from a number of artists who have signified their willirgccss to compete. The statue will be of breeze, and is expected to be ready early next year. 