The Humours of the Day. The latest visitors we hare had, hav e no reason to complain of their sup" porters or critics. The one has been liberal, the ether complaisant. No iowl has been heard against the Jouble charge, no invidious pen has looked for deficiencies. All has gone merry as a marriage bell, even to the parting uhot en the Te Anau. Adieu, till ire meet again. Battledore and shuttlecock—That's what Tasmania is, or rather her governors, and acting ditto and administrators. One good purpose these changes serve. We are shown men of a stamp a little out of our usual groove, and our officials are afforded an opportunity of comparing notes, and exhibiting in full costume. Some come out as to the calling born, others—well, let us be charitable. The filiation of the nostrils continues. It is even getting worse. A steam laundry will soon be wanted to keep up the supply of cambric. Amiability in an official is delightful. Tkat is why I like the Little go. For there, of all plaoes, you see civility carried to an excess. In (act the superabundance of thank you's, and il you pleases would bring^ blush to the cheek of the Ruler of the Queen's Navee. In his absence officials in uniform seem overwhelmed with the politeness with -which they are treated. At least the expression of their visages indicates it. Who's got the JJ5000 ? That's what we want to know. So early in.the morning the Tararua popped in, that even the guardian of the public morals was not awake ; and, what easier than for some innocent old party to bring it ashore in his hat box ? It only weighs a small hundred. Who's the ghost ? He might have itin the bnrying ground There teems to be a great deal of excitement over th« forthcoming aldermanic election—I was going to say agitation—but it is as well to be mild. The citizens take a great deal of interest in corporation matters—that is evideut. Perhaps a little later, when they awake, and find themselves commited to all sorts of engagements, involving taxation and thoir streets givon over to the tender mercies of a tramway contractor, they will think that a little interested action at the needfui time, would h .-> ve been advantageous- Mr Giblin has combined pleasure and business, and it appears has had an interview with the erniuet Mr Beny. for whom the " Examiner " states the Premier has a weakness. One need noi quarrel with anyone for their individual learnings. That is a mere matter of taste. But* as to importing from across the water Mr Berry's somewhat peculiar notions, such as the little story ol his son Benjamin and his sisters and his cousius and his aunts, provided for by the Stato, the tight little island needs no teaching in the matter. The lessou is already learnt. 