TRICKETT V. HANLAN. [From the XesccosiU itauaA Loccon was enveloped in one oi its moat anwelccme November fogs, and the morning of the rate was ushered in with very unpleasant overhead prospects. The weather. b,-aidps Micg icggy, was camp, scowery, and extremely cold. According to arrangement, the Press boat left Temple Pier for the joarnay up to Putney it^ 11 o'clock. The race having be£n fixed to take place sn hour later, there were misgivings mengst tha 'Fourth Estate' as the journey was made ap stream, as to whether much would be seen cf the race, so tFc\ and murky W3s the a,ta:c.spte7e; lit as Tf^stmiEster Eridga waa left behind and Putney approached, the weather improved, the atmosphere cleared, and the tide ran up like a millrace. The breeze was not strong enough to raise a Upper on the water, and although the sun never once showed his genial face, it was agreed upon that taken altogether it was a favourable day for a true test of sculling. From Temple Pier to Putney the river voyage is only about seven miles, and it was not until *he Pres3 boat had got opposite Chelsea tint anything like an extraordinary incident pre sented itself to indicate that the world's scu'iiug rhampionship was to be decided ia the next half-hour. Here the river waa thickly dotted with sculling boats being pushed on to Putney, and tha nearer w-j approached, the well-known aqueduct — well- known at least to rowing- men — the thicker and faster were the indications of the pending rtee. By the time we got to Putney the skipper of the Sunflower, which was the Press boat, gave warning to every man on the boat to look after his head, so high waa the tide, and so little room was there for the steamer to psiss through the aqueduct ; but ail danger was avoided, and at half-past 11 o'clocs: Putney came into full view — though it could scarcely be called full view, ea the atmosphere was still hazy and impregnated with fog, which w»3 alternately followed by rain. There was yet half an hour to spare before tha men could be expected to appear on the river, and ample time was afforded to take a glance at the scene which Putney iUelf and the river presented. Three steamers which had been chartered by tha com petitors were moored at the landing stage, and already each w&s; well filled wiri a motley crew of rowing and non-rowing raec The towpatb, so far as could be seen fiom the point where the Preas boat was moored at the aqueduct, was a thica black line of spectators, and some hun dreds cf rovrl-oats studded the river ; but ic wa3 gratifj ing to notice that before the start took place the stretch up to Craven Point was entirely clear. This'wa3 doubtless due to the forethought of Mr. Lord, who, however, would Lave Leen disgusted if he had seen the crowd of boats at Hammersmith and beyond it. It appears that Mr. Lord's arrangements only apply to the first half-mile of the race. If it ever hr-ppened to be a desperate race between Hammersmith and beyond it, it is quite on the cards a sculler would be stopped by one of the many fools that crowd tbe river ia small boats. However, this is beyond the point, and, coming back to Putney, ic may truly be slated that never before on the occa sion of any aquatic contest, save that of the University boat race, was ever there seea such a concourse of people. The wagering on the race was being carried on as actively oa tbe towpath as it was on the river. On land half an hour before the start 65 to 40 waa laid on Hanlan, and taken freely, but where tha money was to be found — viz., on the umpire's boat — Hanlan started a 7 to 4 favourite, and gradually the weight of money behind him knocked Trickett's friends out of the market, until at last 2C0 to 100 on Hanlan was offered in vain. This last enquiry was met by a reply on the part of one cf Trickett's supporters to take 500 to 200, but at the last moment the longest offer on the Canadian was 9 to 4, which, n;;y be ac cepted as the closing rate of odJs. DariDg the period of watering on the oiacial boat, which was crowded with English, American, and Canadian rowing notabilities, the few minutes left for people to suppress their feelings of excitement on the great race were relieved by the appear ance of Hoscaer, the American 'Lightning Bsy' —who is perhaps one of the worst scullers that ever sat in a boat— and Wm. Elliot, of New castle, on the river in their skiffs, just before Hat Ian and Trickett presented themselves. Hosmer started away from the stake boat, and went away at full pace out of view, evidently beiag determined to get a ' feeler' for his own benefit, although it was scarcely a legitimate way of doing it Elliot had better taste than do this, and when he saw the competitors appear on the water he paddled quietly up stream with no other intention than that of having a good look at the race for himself, without taking such an undue advantage as Hostner. Exactly at mid day & loud cheer announced the embarkation of Trickett in his Jewitt-bailt boat from E&stfa; establishment at Putney. Bain was now falling pretty smartly, and as Trickett had to reitoa his ecnlls some time before Hanlan put in an appearance he could scarcely feel himself com fortable in his light- woollen jersey, which was only a poor protection against the shower. Almcst simultaneous with the appearance of Trickett on the river was that of his eight oared cntter, with tha veteran Harry Kelley at the bow to steer the Antipodean champion up the course. After waiting about in the neigh bourhood of the stake boats for some tima, and finding that Hanlan was showing ao signs of putting in an appearance, Trickett went through the aquedect and returned to the stake boats, by which time a loud shout from, the chore an nounced the embarkation of the Canadian champiou, who appeared in hia new Canadian boat 'Toronto.' Almost at the same time Haulan's eight-oared cutter, with John Bright at the bow as pilot, came across to the starting post. Evidently one of Hanlan's first in tentions was to shake hands with his opponent before what was supposed to be a death and life struggle between the men. Hanlan backed his scull into Trickett's and offered his hand, which the Australian cordially shook, the incident being followed by a hearty round of cheers from the Bhore and from the steamers. After this Hanlan took a spin past the official boat to the aqueduct, the Canadian champion looking all over smiles, and seem ingly treating the task he bad before him in a cavalier spirit. This was exemplified when ho came back again, for he gave the spectators a treat to some ' hand- over-hand' scu'iliog, which very few had seen before, and which not only excited their astonishment but their admira tion of the Canadian's self- control under such trying circumstances. A delay took place in the arrangement of th« stake boats, but at twenty minutes past 12 o'clock all the prelimi naries had been arranged. Trickett won the toss for station, and selected the Middlesex berth to get the advantage of the first bend at Craven Point. As if by mutuil consent the rival scullera came to their stake boats to doff their flannels. Hanlan stripped oil his light jersey, and sculled in hia well-known armless blue cotton skinfit, with short knee rowing drawers. Jack Bright assisted him in the pro cess of ' peeling,' snd Harry Kelley fulfilled a similar mission for Trickett, but the Australian stripped to the skin, and thus sfforded a treat which Hanlan denied. Trijkett looked a giant in his boat. His form filled the eye, and to any ono nnacqnainted with the merits of the men it looked long odds on the Australian, whose arm3 looked full of muscle, and whose back and loins looked like nothing bat what might be expected from a mm who had nndergone a course of tremendous training. All was now in readiness for the race ; the stake boats and the steamboats had teen properly placed, the raio. had ceased to fall, and the tide was as smooth as the pro verbial sheet of glass— scarcely a breath of wind prevailed ; and taken altogether, the sur rounding circumstances were in favour of a true and legitimate te3C of merit between the two champions. As soon 33 they had divested themselves of their superfluous flannels they respectively took up their positions at the stake boata. No sooner had they set themselves for the first stroke than they started on the joar ney, and so business-like and mutual hid they been that thcrse ca the official boat scarcely realized the fact that the race for the world's ehampionshjp had begun. Hanlsn left the mark -Kith remsrkable coolness, reached over his toes as if he ware indulging in a private sp:n,acd pulled through vrith immense (Irish, tntforthe first minute as carefully timed, he struck 03'y 35 strokes. Looking at Trickett for the first tnicute of the rp.ee as in centrist to Hanlan he seemed to be ansion? to get aheid, and though he sculled cleanly, fcis stroke of 41 for the opening sixty seconds was short, ff verish. and hia stiength badly applied. The first minute of a race, when it is considered a desperately near thing between scullers, is alwavs a trying cce, for not ocly does it serve to prove a min's steadiness and nerve under the influence of active esciteruent, but it demonstrates his pice in s'esdiness of manipulation. Ia self-possession acd in pace Hanlan showed himself the superior of the Australian champion in this short open ing period of the struggle, and he led after going about 3CO yards hy a length and a hUf. As they went to Craven Point, little over half a mile from the starting-point, Kelley took the Australian close in shore to reap the Sr3t advan tage of tke bend at the point. On the other hand Bright had steered Hanlan well in towards his opponent, and thus it wiil be seen that the Canadian to hold his own at the point hid to come on what might be fairly termed &n; outer circle. Triciett, although he wa3 straggling with all his might to keep up with his opponent, had all the coolness in the heat of his efforts to follow the signals of Kelley from the bows of his cutter, which was immediately ia his wake. Trickett ~ was steered as cleverly round the point as a man could be, bat his short stroke acd desperate and misapplied strength were altogether futile against the machine-like stroke ef Hanlan, who passed Craven Cottage, a shade over tslf a mile, in 2 min. 40 see. from the start, then leading nearly a length clear. At this juncture Hanlan came rather sharp across towards Tricketr, as if totally dis regarding Bright in the cutter, and had Trickett been possessed of the power to come with a desperate spnxi h? mnht have foaled the Canadian. The first burst of the race had now been passed : Hanlan ha-i scarcely travelled at his best speed, but Trickrtt, doubtless, had been exerting himself to :be vw top cf his strength. The Australians ?frere quite prepared to see their man led at the outset of the match, and were not dismayed when he was only a couple of lengths behind at the half- mile, but they got a taste a few strokes later oa of their pending defeat when they saw their champion give an anxious glance over his shoulder and then drop into 3 slow strok?, aa if exhausted by the tremendous efforts ha hsd hitherto made; hut the rehpee from a fast stroke of 4Q to ecjEeihing like 38 per icinate wm not the only warning voice to the Australians, tor their man new began to show signs in the pallor cf his face and the want of pith in his stroke of a speedy collapse. It is a hard thing to say about a heretofore champion of the world that he tras beaten when he had barely covered half a mile cf a race ; but such was the fact if ap pearances were to be judged by in tha present case. Then, to take a glance at Hanlao, the opposite impression was conveyed. Hitherto the Canadian had never struck more than 35 strtkea per minute, and he appeared conscious blrtady that he had got his man beaten, for, instead of looking at his work, he always kept his tye on Trickett, as if doubtful whether he was mj.iter of the situation, or whether Trickett ?was not pullirg at his beat pace. This evident watchfulness of Eanlan's seemed to indicate that he was not anxious to get far away from his op ponent, who, after getting a ' blow,' came away sgain np to the Dung 'Wharf, at a bat of 40 strokes to the minute, to the ragged staff (about 2i0 yards short of the mile), Hanlan now leading two leagths. 'Within the next quarter of a mile Trickett repeatedly looked over his Bhoulders at his man, and aa often put on a spurt, but Hanlan never disturbed himself from a rate of 34 per minute, but with snch length and pith in the pull thrinigh that they were nearly half as good again as those of the Australian champion. Ccniicg across the river to the Soap Works, Trickett, although a beaten man, quickened ap from ES to 41, and he gained so long as the spurt lasted upon the Canadian. A tone of excitement was given to the race by this effort of Trickett, as it had btea laid down by the Australians in their programme that they were quite prepared to tee their man led to Hammersmith, bst after that he would give Hanlan the go-bye and win easily. Eefore this effort, however, had been rx.ace ly Trickett, 300 to 100 had been laid on Banian leading through Hammersmith. Hanlan saw Trickett making his effort, but the masterly Canadian ?waited on him until ho had wasted his strer.gth, and then launching out with about half-a-dozen resumed a lead of two and a half lengths. An immense crowd had gathered at the Soap Works, asd the cheering on shore steemed to put renewed life into Trickett, tjLo, although as pale as a ghost and evidently completely 'sewn up,' made another dash to overhaul the leader, and with such an amount of success that he got for the time being within a length and a half of the Canadian. Trickett was now in Hanlan's water, and had Hanlan been so disposed he could have eased up for a stroke or two and won on a foul, but this was not his intention. After passing the Soap Worhs Hanlan came wide off from the Surrey shore into almost midstream, and commenced to b:ickv.aah Tiickett with his left-hand scalL This was done by Hanlan totally in disregard to Eright's piloting in the boat. Haalin, however, bDg before this hid known he was master of the situation, and notwithstanding that he waa little more than two lengths ahead, he absolutely stopped for a stroke when within a couple of yards of Hammersmith Bridge, and quietly took a survey of the crowds oa the store, on the bridge, and on the staamboatj. A shout of delight arose from the Canadians and Amerjcans at tbe exhibition of nonchalance, and it may bo readily aasanied tne^ 'was P9 rejoic ing in the camp of the Australhns. This was the beginning of the end ; it was patent to everybody that Haulan was simply trilling with one who had gained the title of Champion of the World. Triekett was so dead settled that he could not take advantage of Kelly's nrgings to keep moving on, anil a more help less sight than that which Trickett presented at this moment it is hard to imi^ine. He had pulled himself completely to a standstill. Long before this his face was deadly pale, his stroke short and feverish, and altogether deficient of pith. Although Hanlan caused some alarm to his backers by the cavalier spirit in which he was treating his antagonist, a second thought about the situation of affairs a: this junction confirmed tbe opinion that he knew thoroughly what he was about, for had he even made a mistake by slipping the button of his scull he was still within his own water, and even had Trickett run into his stern-quarter, the Canadian would have won on a foul. Hanlan went through Hammersmith Bridge two lengths dear in 9 min. 31 sec. from the start, Trickett being 3 ses. later. An immense concourse of people was as sembled on the towpath . and en the bridge, and the excitement was intease when those located at this point, and who even ignorant of the antecedents of the contest, so far saw that so little distance divided the Wentworth and tho Toronto. The cheering of the crowds on shore seemed to give Trickett, beaten man as he undoubtedly was, a new lease of life, for he quickened up for about half a minute shortly nfter passing through 'the bridge, and drew up within a leDgth and a half of the Canadian. Hanlan did hot seem at all pat oat of humour by the approach of the Australian to his stern quarter, but rather quietly waited upon him, and then as soon as he fonud Trickett bad spent his effort put on an extra half-dczen, and shot away like a rocket xhree lengths ahead, this spurt bringing forth another shout from the Canadians and Americans on board the steamer, who had just sufficient room to shoot the bridge, the tide being so high. Long before this it was quite evident that tho issue, bar accident, was virtually decided in fnvour of Hanlan, but the first of a series of pantomimic tiicks on his part now commenced, for when opposite the Doves he absolutely stopped rowing acd locked round on shore, and also at those on board tbe steamers immediately behind him, while Trickett was ploughing along helplessly beaten at 37 per minute. This stoppage on the part of Hanlan allowed the Australian once mere to get within nearly a length of him, acd had Trickett bten possessed of the least spark of power he might have run into the stern of the Toronto ; but hi3 pith had long before this been go«e, acd Hanlm appeared thoroughly cog nizant of the f ict, for immediately afterwards he locked over his shoulder, and, putting in a vigorous half-dozen in as short a time almost as it takes to tell, had resumed his leal of three lengths. The coolness with which Hanlan took matters almost paralysed Trickett'a supporters, and the climax almost came a fewstrokes further on when he repeated the performance which ho had shown immediately before the start of sculling hand ever hand. This ludicrous per fotniance of Hanlan for tbe time being excited the laughter of the unthinking, but on reflection it created pain amongst the more generous spec tators of the race, who thought he mijht have spared the feelings of a terribly beaten man, for such Trickett now undoubtedly was. After rowing a mile of the race Trickett had pre sented a most thoroughly beaten appearance by his countenance, but he appeared a ten times worse beaten man at this juncture of the race. His face was contorted and ghsstly pale, his stroke was short, as if indicative of all hi3 energies being spent, but he rowed on with a grim deggedness worthy of a better result, never once halting or hesitating in his determi nation to do his best. Hitherto Hanlan had been so daring with his opponent as to cause his backers great occasion for alarm, but the climax of his antics came when, opposite the Oil Mills, he stopped sculling altogether, lying broad on his back in his nkifT stopped rowing altogether, and allowed Trickett once more to get withiu a length of him. Perhaps Hanlan had a personal motive in doing this towards a thoroughly dis tressed and beaten man, bat it only creited sorrow to the more generous spectators. How ever, speaking without any sympathy in the matter, it may be truly said that it was a re markable exhibition, and one that had never had precedent in any race en the Thames. As soon as Hsnlan was done with his antics he set him self down to a do^en more strokes, auJ ia a few Becocds was four lengths ahead. At Chiswisk Eyot Han!an was joined by William Elliot in a skiff, aud, at a respectful distance, the Elyth sculler kept company with K^nlan, the pair nitercbacaiug a word or t;70 as they proceeded on the journey to the Duke's Bttthirg Place. Here again Hanlan stopped for a few strokes, and Trickett got once more within two lengths of him. A more helpless msn in a boat than w&b; Trickett at this moment it would scarcely be possible to imagine. He did rot even reach np to his toes, nor did he even get as far back as bis rowlocks. His stroke was pithless and his ?nergie.* exhausted. Imme diately after passing the Duke's Bithing Place roth men vrere shared sharp across to the Middlesex side, in order to get the best of the teizd for Barnes, Han'.an retaining his lead with the greatest of ease by three Iingth?, still keep irg compiDV with Elliot. At the bend Hanlan, ?who had all aloug carried on his capers, once rrore stopped sculling, dipped his band in the water and rinsed out his iroutn. Long before this he was aware Trickett was a beaten man, and he might have spared both the man and his backers thi3 ungenerous exhibition. The pro cession proceeded on until opposite the Boll's Head, Barnes, which has been Hanlan's quarters, and here he was received with an immense ovation. In acknowledgment to the cheering he tcok a white handkerchief from the cockDit of his beat, and waved it in recognition cf the acclamations cf his friends. This bravado oi;ce more permitted Trickett to jet ap within a JeEgth sad half, but Hsnlsn pa: cn a dozen and shot five lengths ahead. Tom Green's boathouHe ib only a fe?r yards b?yot-d the bridge, and here Hanlsn oase rcore stepped to pay obeisacce to hh ir.eiis. From this point he went on to the st',:3iiboif. where Mr. J. G. Moore, of the London Iljving Clab, the distance Jndge, was stationed, sad ?btes proclaimed a ridiculously easy winner by three lengths. Eanha hsd scarcely turnel a hair._ As the gun fired the Australian dropped en his sculls, aad W83 raoticcless for a few seconds. Harj]sn came down to him and off - -red him his hand, -which Trickett grasred, sn i thus the t^o cicirrpiors parted after 'what will be ere cf the tcost memorable of races on the Tinaes. 2he times si taken by the official time- keeper were:— Craven Step?, 2 min. 40 sac; Ragged Stall (SCO yarda short of the rni)e\ 4.45 ; Crsb tree, QA; Sosp Works, 7.46; Hammersmith Bridge, Hsnlan 9.31, Tricket 9.34; ChisTi;k Chnicb, 15.34 ; Barr.es BrHjje, 21.40, Trickett, 21.49; SeM;, Haclan, 2612; Trickett, 23.19. In the first minute Hanlan struck 35 strokes, end in tbe second minute Trickett 41. At Craven Point Hanlan struck 32 and Trickett 3S ; at Hammersmith Bridge Hanlan 29 and Trickett 37. It msy be here mentioned that just prior to the start a bet of £2,000 to £1,000 was laid on Hanlan. 