NEWS AND NOTES. The intelligence by cable elates that a large meeting of tenant farmers has been held at Waterford in support of the Irish Land League, and many seditious speeches were delivered. Mr Parnell was present, .and accused Governmen t of conspiring against the rights of Ireland. Intense frost still prevails in North America, and a ' Urge number of grato*ladea' vessels are ice-bound, it being. estimated that ‘in the'Lake Erie Canal alone'there are'ships containing no less- than five million bushels of corn. The Chinese Government is continuing to strengthen the navy, and has given an order for the' construction of a large ironclad war vessel. President Hayes in a message to Congress recommends that the United States’ debt should be funded and re-issued at lower rates of interest. The County Court commenced its sitting on Monday before birHonour Acting-Judge Smythe. All the undefended cases were gone through, and a number of the defended cases, as well as judgment and fraud summonses. To-day the jury cases will be commenced, and it is likely that the court will be occupied up till Thursday evening next in hearing the •remainder. If the‘_ City and vTown Councils of Ballarat are anxious to obtain the latest information respecting the estimation in which tramways are' hold in England, and the Continent of Europe, they cannot do better than ‘ request Mr Sboppee, who has just returned to Ballarat after a.visit to the old country, to give them the result of his personal observations. That gentleman speaks in- the highest terms of the convenience, speed, and regularity of this method of locomotion. He furtherstates. that so far from having interfered with the ordinary vehicular traffic, there are at. the present moment more cabs and omnibuses employed than before the advent of the tram-cars. In January next the City of Ballarat will have reached the twenty.fifth year of its exist* ence as a municipality, and there is a move ment on foot to celebrate the attainment of its first quarter of a century by some demonatra? tioD, the shape of which will shortly he settled. Mr William Little, the3allaral agent for the Peninsular and Oriental* Steam Navigation Company, intimates that a cablegram has been received from London to the effect tbat.the’ time-table arrangements of the company’s steamers for 1880 will be continued until further notice. The first mail - efceomer to leave Melbourne in 1881 will be the Siam, bn Friday, 7th January, and steamers will follow oa alternate Fridays as at present The date of the first mail to leave London in 18S1 is Friday, Hth January.. An ironworker named Davie waa appre hended on warrant by Sergeant Simpson yes* terday, for threatening, to tefce the life of hie wife with a aledge-bammer. The accused yesterday ohaeed the woman with the weapon in his hand, and other acts of cruelty .are alleged against him. The case will be beard at the City Police Court to-day. Thera was a blank sheet at the General Ses sions on Monday. It is customary on such occasions to present the, presiding judge with a pair of kid gloves, but on this occasion the usuql legal compliment wae omitted, from an oversight on the part of .the gentlemen of the bar no doubt. _ .' A young man named M'lotyra was admitted to the Hospital on -Monday, suffering from a slight wound to his face caused by a fall from; his horse in HumfTray street. It will be seen upon reference to our report of the City Council’s meeting on Monday, that it is proposed to remove the monolith of the Galloway monument, inscribe the lettering now on the plinth upon the base in bronze letters, and erect upon the base a handsome pillar to carry one of the powerful lamps ordered from London. Four bronze statues representing the “Seasons,” or some other allegorical figures are to be placed at each of the four corners to increase the artistic effect. Before carrying out these improvements the corporation have consulted with the monu ment committee, who require a design showing the alterations. This is to be submitted to them, and a meeting of the subscribers will then be called to consider it. The untuneful carillons in the City-hall tower will, according to Herr Max Feias, cost £lO,O to place in order, the sum including a machine' required to be imported from Germany. The City councillors smiled despair ingly on . hearing this yesterday, and Cr Morrison suggested that, after all, the mayor’s Suggestion to.” hand thgm over to.lhe monkeys to play with” waa the best that could be done with them. The City Council on Monday came to the conclusion that whenever the'uced arises they will back up .the residence area holders in their request that the Government shall give them the fee simple of their holdings. - r-■ The City Council yesterday accorded- ita patronage to the forthcoming Hospital benefit at the Academy, ■ The Qailway department wrote yesterday to the City Council stating the railway fence in .Lydiard street would be at oboe erected- The request made to'lnspector Babinglon for; the services'of a constable, to be placed upder the control of the city authorities and pud by. thpnj, hag been referred by' that officer- to the acting commissioner. The inspector considers the request' aq imputation upon the ability ef the police- to maintain order, and considers. it involves other points worthy the attention of the head of the force. -..-.'Pm members of the Ballarat Bicycle Club' started iropi .BsllafEf gq 'Sunday morning to B>»»« the journey by ro4d'to .Qeejong. Bor. tion of tbs rosd was of suoh a naturs that'the young gentlemen had to walk »nd 'wbepT their bicycles along, but notwithstanding this fact, they reached Geelong within six hours and a bw from the time when they had started They remained ip Useeloug over the Sunday and return tdto Ballarat"by rail’ bp Wbadiy morning feeling but little wearied after their rapid journey to the sea coast. A correspondent- - writes" Oa Sunday s/ternopn, :ia broad daylight, a few youths, nearly grbwn up to men's estate, were among ‘b* PW-in garden at Bodan, and wore busily helping themselrttf evidently wifhput permission from the Celestials, On bfWf to iy » PMWr.b,:iho yoahg bUckguarde anesksd off like oowsidly hounds and oMled nsmoi- yfi ß ciroam.tance caused-a good deal of comment/pom some persons who saw the affair, and a wonder wqs express,ed, as to bovr much the pbfqesa girdenartthiok they would . ,b*; benefited *by adopting ' Christian morality 'as they...saw, it exemplified by the young rascals m question. A little further bn, near the road side, ten or fifteen boye were b»tbin| (o n mtohole, On Of ,t full flight, *** ** the heavy ”“ ° f iW5 w Kidan, though it U hard it.wpulcTEfl beat to employ It •iaat l»hoe> fearlessly did their duty, '.and brought-six culprits from that quarter before thelbcal.bench for soma such pracUoM as thqeo,, referred to, but tbe bench discharged the offenders, aad it seems that tbe jsK for I>°Ht parents abd cbildren. I would like to see something done to effect an improvement.” I b TA h x-« l? gr *P h offi “.J ,ill opened !'to&y;at tbfMelboorhVEAlttop^midiiDm;'' ! 5 01 ? f ?“°? ft U telegrams addressed to the Exchange or-Hall -of- Commerce will be dshiered. Office honre;froi»&«,in,-to 6 p,is« and on Saturdays from 9 aun.rto 1.30 p.m.; A correapondeut7writea:-T-‘‘ The president of the north branch • of the Ideal Bsform League ““ “*?“ ™; departure for Inglewood to 1 hur riedly thatthefs hasbaea-'.bo opportunity; of g'JtPK .him the proposed valedictory tea meet ing in the Alfred-hall. Had the affair coma off it would without ° doubt have been well attended. •; The musterywduld'not have been restricted to loyaMiberals alone—that class of. men who principally go to places ufthekind! to take more- than tho worth of their money from the icommisasriat. : Numbers- I ; learn, !of. the staunchest conservatives, men residing on! the same.blpok with* Mr Msson,~as-soon as the l, . matter, waa announced in the; Star, want direct to; bim, and offeredto purchase any numbed of tickets for the. ban qua t. ’ Onevery old ■ gentleman, a raßid -Tttry.>'itto-'elataiir to be kmg of the, block,'went to Mr Mason and actually propored'’to ;take on the , occasion. The tea' meeting, ‘however, ‘had to ‘ be postponed for" the present; biitHr Mason, will; of ; conrse, be baok.here at the- ensuing’ election with a bevy of the Inglewood organisers to help"the loyal-liberal cause. Mr John Drummond, the- > old ! and well-known'' ag_ent„' not ofßerryiim, but of '• billetism;’’ who is now rusticating.'as a Berry hang«r-6n in : tha .same quarter. of >the . colony, will no" doubt accompany friend they-can 'tben. -Le till entertained »together* :r Xetthe I,local caterer* ..haye tbelr .muffins in readiness. In tbe meantime, if there are any particularly wide-awake Conservatives at Inglewood, I trust; they will keep a ■ vigilant eye on* Mr "Mason’s movements in that-quarter." Mr Henry Copeland, formerly of Ballarat, .has been elected .to .the.New. South Wales Assembly for New England. I'. Strong arguments were hebrd at themest-. ing of.;the ..Bsllaratahira. -Council .yesterday -between two rival deputations for and against the cutting , of. thistles. . Councillors waxed" warm dyer the question, and before the second deputation, was heard some-of-tbs councillors were called to order for discussing the" question with members of the deputation. Several questions wore--put to the'-'deputation by councillors, eliciting discussion and losa.of time, , to the evident chagrin of the.presiilent.;.. When the rival deputation appeared a Mr Alexander surprised the council-by stating, in support of bis argument that thistles, do -not;roproduce, that bo tried a crop of sorrel and received no return. This -gentleman seemed to have a profound knowledge of his subject. . It waa stated as instance that in a paddock where thistles abounded it carried sixteen .sheep to the acre. They - lived and throve and took prizes off. the food, ‘whereas if left to-the natural grass in the, same place they would have perished. Orel Baird and Finlay made strong protests against tha'suspension'of the act. In fact, the whole council spoke, hut finally agreed to give the thistles a twelve months’ further trial. We have much pleasure in chronicling the following act of honesty which has been brought under our notice. This we do, not because we think such-acts are rarely.done, but because in this oils tbe gentleman who performed tbe - good— action could,- without actually violating the proprieties of society, have deprived a man ill able to afford it ‘ of a considerable sum of money which he had lost. A groom at the Tam b’ Shanter hotel lost a purse containing £2 14a whilst engaged about the premises bn Monday. -During the after. noon Mr C. Taylor, of the Creswick road, hap- pened to walk along the footpath past the hotel, and espied a purse lying partly hidden at tbe side of the path. He' picked it up, and going into the hotel, asked if anyone there bad lost it. - The groom, who - was present, inline, diately discovered his loss, and after he had described tbe contents it was over to him. . The question‘of ‘market trains was referred to at the meeting of the City Council yester day. _ A letter was read"from tha Department ot Railways etating that the nutter of consti luting certain portions of the lines radiating from Ballarat “ suburban ’’ .lines waa under consideration. ' It was explained that; the con stitution of ..the lines as “ suburban ” lines was necessary to secure tha concessions' asked for, Ou Monday in tho seed shop of Messrs R. XT.'Nich&lls; and Co.,.Armstrong street, 'there . was one of the finest displays of pelargoniums we have ever seen. No, fewer than SO varieties were exhibited on the'show-stand on the counter, and apart- from their elegant and distinct markings, the most of them were far more fresh and lustrous in colour than one would naturally expect at this season of tho year. A person might have ohoaen from- tbe group and random, and been sure of selecting a charming flower. Were we to particularise at all, we migbt.perhbpi refer to the Queen Victoria, Prince of Wales, .Duchess. of.;Bed ford, Prince Leopold, Mabel, and .Claribel. But we feel that in thus stopping short, like “My grandfather’s clock,“ we are probably passing over numbers of varieties that con uoisseura would prefer. The double-seaming in the “ regals ’’ gave them a very rich appear ance. ‘ It will ha'remembered that a short time since I the Smith's! Freehold United Company: desired to burn a quantity of quartjs,prior to' crushing it, to which the inspector of nuisances raised objection.. The council, however, thought as the rossting was simply an experi ment it might be allowed to proceed. Mr R. M. Serjeant, in whoso 'locality the heap was placed, made representations to the council by letter yesterday to tbe effect that tbe fumes from the sulphides contained in quartz acting upon galvanised iron, such as used by him on bis house, produced, sulphate of zino, a deadly poison soluble in water.. He objected to the operation befng carried on, as it would do injury to bis prenjjses, and destroy, the water stored in bis tanks, Ur Bunas, tbe health officer, reported the objections were valid, and doubtless the council would have taken a different view, of the experiment, but they were saved tha necessity of taking'action, as Cr Brophy informed them that .the quartz bad been crushed without roasting, and there was no need to consider the subject further; Miss J. Downing, who has been promoted to the charge of.Salt Creek State school, was on Friday tbe recipient ofa'handsomo testimonial at Qolden Point. This yoripg lady bos gained tbs- affection ot her pupils,-tha esteem of her fellow-workers, and the favourable notice-of her superiors. Mr J. Blyth’s address .oh the occasion was at once flattering, earnest, and touching, and bis prognostications of. her suc cess were, warmly reechoed by those . as aemblsd. ... .- A sample of the. farina made by the Billarat Farina Company .was shown to - Mr" Henry Stevenson, of Niddrie Farm, during his recent visit to BaUgnt; and we lesm that although Mr Stevenson has been familiar with farina in several countries , in Europe, ho 'frapfclj ad. mittsd that be never before saw any equal to that manufactured by the Ballarat Carina Company. Tbe directors of the coknpany Were highly gratified to hear from Mr Stevenson that there will beagreat demand in'Melbourne for the article in questiqq, Sergeant Carden on Monday, made hie in* spectionof the various hotels in the city, lb anticipation of. tbe applications for renewal .of licenses on Friday, the XOtli instant. The centra of Sturt street, between Arm strong and Doveton streets, is to be set apart for the convenience of persons marketing who desire.to leave their vehicles whilst their horses are stabled, and a regulation of the council is to be framed on tbe subject. W&Ptf; 9 'D»Hk ssrprjssd. -‘be lest week .jwpijtei our correspondent], that » petition-was bressntelj from Smyths*;- dlls against tbs abnjirion'gf ipining hoards; as no person here beard about it tbat | c»n' learb, MrJohn Robaon will, favour tha Smythes dale people this evening (Tuesday) with some ftl bis expressive recitaUtions on behalf of tho fnnfi nonnested with ths English Church. There will be singing alio, “ ‘ ' A little boy, four years of age, named Knight waa playing in a yard-in-Princess street on Monday, whyn his legdoubled under.him, and ■?. *“»•» .'He waa admitted to. lhe-H»eplt*L,r -,On Monday morning .at, the Poltoe Court, Binythesda]e, before, ). R Hughes, J.P., end •*>e Major of >§oandale—Ah Slug, (-Chinese, *•» -Biwertyi ?}».• W porpliaee* ejTtbe; Jfmfeor m pqrtiont of the Nintingbool Estate for miDiDg purpose*. Jtr Poraloe sUted that he b; loring.-ibetwaen *8 and ifg-yrertH of wood per wMk, and on Monday morning he The bench lent tbs' culprit'ao BaUsrat ,»els for them months. •' ■ _ The licencing court will sit in Smythiidsle Brat and Scandals next .this Sy (TueW«jf(T •nd a ViiH. |ni(#;’ •“I on the l|Ul mat. Thaw wtp havv.'pot given the I until fourteen days* ißOtice info pro£r]jtregi|teNg paper will havyr.to try again, m \ I The ia now effegftng soffir<4«-£ cidedly requisite repaira'tc the drainage of the Post and Telegraph office at Smytheadale, after At the meeting of the ehire .-CQuncU.of Bungareeto-day, tfaa question of. ceding- terrP jJu^appnnaha^to-she «ew Cemetery to the. City of Ballarat will ho dieoutsed. It iato'be,' hoped that whatever ‘.WjflSpisioii of the council may,be, at all events, ths locality; will have ita present for ."ta and unimproTed appearance altered, as)it, a scandal ; the ' approach ■ to an Important burral-plaoeahotild bftao unsightly. ■* j -fix Thomas/Richards, ; one;ofj the,members tliQ Mining Board, who haa bccp ill for;a . ‘ongpeiiqd, a** op Monday ablo fhti,,hoard during* pMt of ths'eitdng,, and/waa congratulated: by his fellowinSembera - upon hie recovery. ~ ■. ! Captaino Hennahi andilCr rSmtt, on behalf, of-the United' Fit^Brigades’. fij»sa'oa' th'o’tiity' sjhed fop. a donation; toi enable .thwbrigades to carry ontt the: demonstration depotitioii reMiiiehted thaf the 1 affair would hring thouaaiida of peupLsinto the - city aud oaase a lafgo sum of 'money to be-' spent,'They were receited favourably mattarwaa ■ referred to the fiiianca cotnuuttee - tofix thaamounttobogiTen,.-.. .'■■■ :. ■■ ; £ ’ ■ At the Town . Police Court ohHonday,'Mayor’ The.buainess .tracaaoted was unimportant,-'and. 'the “d* 4 <*'■ »t owed ;it*' origin to; ihdt ■:fkoitfhr iourceofcrimoaiid suffering-^drtinhehnsas.! At a special meeting otHha ; eumaflttee of Siitiirday' \- the-president, Ur J. Sampson, and thesecre tary, Mr pence, were! appointed : dele-’ gates to attend: at tfaa -presentation sof a -memoruiLtathaGovernment 'relative to-’.the employment of Chinese labour miiesV ■ , TbeCity. Council hai brought r.n action against the trustees of St. Patrick's (Cathedral to, obtain one-half;of .the..cdst i ihcarrcd.by it In asphalting the'patbway on .the! Sturt and: Dawson streets'sides of the cathedral tqirare. The-cathedralprCpertyris nbt,y?o underlined, included on,the rate-paying hence the; :misunderstanding; r. The. clergy: no doubt'be liovd that-since they are; not-' called on to pay rates they should not bo expected topay other city dues. :;All the,other churches in which a similar course has been taken .by. the'.council; havepiid hp'ohevhilf the cost v (thd proportion ’ stated in the Local Government Act) without, demur, but should• the council lose this'esse' they will no doubt expect-to be recouped. If argument be required as to the necessity for an official enquiry into the;couduct of the police force with regard to the Kelly pursuit, it jis to be; found id the fact that the Age, under the pretence- of giving reasons for an investigation, has put,forward a series, of accu aatiohs against the bffictradf . the force. It is simply Justice to ; the officers who have, de manded an enquiry that it. should be granted without further delay. ' , ...... As 'Mr St;- Leon's circus troupe was passing up r Mair street; on. Monday.afternoon/'Jwith banners Byiug and music sounding, Hr James Miller’s horse and buggy happened to be in front ofMr Miller’s office; the horse; at, tbs time! being , tied to .the verandah poet. Od came the'.long, string of circus horses, and Mr Miller's horse took fright and,' swerving rounds fell on' the oil go of the kerbing, getting a very severe fall and‘breaking both, shafts'of the buggy. A couple .of-men;at.hand, at some personal hazitd, rushed .iniupon -the animal and secured it before further damage was done. There were' some little; children close by, and .had. the horse . diaengaged/himself on the footpath and. bolted, there might l havu been a very serioiis result. A learned' counsel, : whose knowledge, of human nature would-appear to be as deep as hie legal lore, sagely remarked in the County Court on Monday that he . knew of no man inore likely to be biassed than a--Juryman in.a case where'a woman was concerned. “ Biissed on the ship , of fchu - ladies," remarEed-hie Honour, with a twiukla of the eye and air of appreciation, as though-he deenjed fhe fault savoured somewhat of a virtue, . . . A' case'wilj probably come'before tha'Couuty Court to-day of. more than usual'.interest, in which a couskftble well known in - Ballarat Kasf will appear as defendant to answer a charge of breach' of -phe dsmagea being- eet‘ down at a very considerable sum. Several letters are said to bo in possession of the plaiutiiTa solicitors, the reading of which will no doubt cause considerable amusement. At the County Court on Monday morning his Honour Acting-Judge Smytbe, upon the application of plaintiffs .counsel, _ decided to deal with a case put before him' which had neither been placed upon tbe list of cases to ha dealt with nor been posted outside tbe court of published, the usual, course adapted. His Hoaour, whilst expressing himself desirous to conform so far $s passible to the mode of pro cedure followed in each of the,,courts within hie circuit, would not dp eo ft p.a ponsidefeij any particular course adopted'as contrary tp the convenience of suitors or the rules ob served with regard to aucb matters in more important courts whore a- greater amount of business had to bo gone through. Mr Hardy, on behalf of the 'defendant,--contended that it was necessary to.have the case on tho list as published and posted outside the court. Hie Honour ordered that theoass should bffput on tho list, and then proceeded to hear it. Some very much needed improvements are to be effected in the City Bay-market, At tho suggestion- of Or Gray, some of the sheds at tho north are tj be removed to the south-east corner and made available" for hay- carte, thp paths inside and outside are to be asphalted, and seats are to be provided round the fences for the use of those comiug to market. These improvements, if was pointed out, were well deaaivod, is tha market was a source of- great revenue. -By the way,- we muy «?k, what do'ea .it mean? Dining the discussion on the above matter, Cr Wilson hinted somewhat mysteri ously -thal Ballarat required to do all that it possibly could to sustain its markets, as he had fpasun tp know great-efforts were being made to diyert trade from tjjeg). {To explana tion was giyeq or aste^. The accident that happened ■ on Thursday morning at a claim at Italian Gully, oh the way ; to .. Staffordshire Beef,, to Donald M'Dougald, whereby he sustained a fracture of the skull, and was taken to the Hospital, is of a painful apd sad nature,’and withal aingulaf. He had hot been working at the . claim, and had nothing to do with it, but simply was going down the shaft .(writes our Smythesijale cofrespondent) to inspect tho nature of the ground, before taking a-contract for driving. The windlass bajr.eH}y ;s.oi»e mfiilw djl.other got out of the stands and fe)l upon him, causing, it is to be feared, the fatal injury he has received. ’ , A telegram from Mansfield in last night's Herald says:—“A disastrous fire occurred here this morning at 9 o’clock. Messrs Rothuil), Jeweller, Wood, saddlar, Hichole- Bros., butchers, and Fitzpatrick, hotelkeeper, were completely burnt out, and fost all their Block en&prepiees.; Mr Oahu also lost some of bis stock and a wooden b.dUdipg.’f' - fT The monthly meeting of committee of the Ballarat District Hospital will be held on Wed nesday evening at 8 p.m. The following is the notice-paper:—To receive ,report of house committee; tq'pay'thh monthly accounts; to authorise the house committee to invite ten ders for half-yearly supplies; to appoint a sub committee to draw up the annual , roport:' , to 9f house ooiomitlae ia'pUoe °l. e4B , ra W. J. Higgane and" G! 0. Preahaw, drotiou k* by rqtatfqn fjut aro ejigtbje for re! a £ a -4 r y u ! *P B .°f*l London telegram says i-» ■Besides- drastic land legUlatibn for'lrelaid. the Government are-expected to propose ft maintenance of order bill. It is believed that nMtyflaria legielativg proposals in regard to IrelamJ will oqbanon a Mhetal eleqtionJl T*>o 4ge carps at the Qovernur.’g 'expend!- ‘« rB , "P 01 » ‘'“‘Pitality. Jt says;—“ The bo.’- bl " Eicollsnay. thai Governor i. not character tbatleada to ruin. Until Saturday morning laat wa had in our government of »nd two:members'"of the South Auatrgban Cabinet. Tbeycame here'ia tZv L^. 86 •” Voalfy self-governing states. They bad large powers conferred upon them, and important functions tj discharge. snL*« *&?"!! “J 4 , recognised at Government S. ..?hw“ g , htheir ~OJOUrn. ,0 J 0Urn • mon g the subjeot of general notoriety.'’ / Respecting the crops in the North-Eastern ■ Sheppwrtnn correspondent V wheat harvest £u com- Val ey, aod ftra-expected to be MorohUon the eropa are very uneven, a lew promising over. 80. basbels ; thT iSSRfr Shopparton the pro.peot is better, and tbeerops are alsogood over moat of the conn. northward, but unevenness or pafohideav ja oharacteristio of the Gelda all overtho county of Moira. The early crop., “ £S ,e « look well > but ‘ho lata .own will re “a(£;*pB general average, which may be ex to be “bout 16 buahela per acre, or 4 ■vt' n !“ a than ‘be yield of laet year. The Jake-all haa done aome damage, but although tbereis rust on many of the crops, it will not be mjunoua, aa the grain ia now well filled and md barley fa conaideraWy laet.yoar,, bat that Pfta nidoh less.., .Gate arid barley will yield' \- , , The Mayqr..of ; r Mary borough at the last borough council meeting moved that a cordial ;l yoto pfrthanka be accorded .to ,Mr 11‘Kean in conjunction with- Sir John ' G’Shanasayl for ,i. ? ",?“,®/8 8t io,e.a9tipii 4 in. favour,of .the Cope ~9?P?r4 motion -waa heartily carried. : • i . . . . c of. febe Beat Charlton railway ques tion.tha Maryborough AdvertUer says:—“ Bal larat, it is well-known; has for a' long period beat horse.market ia the colony, . aud the, result has bean that once every year, at least, most of the up-country people living St-' Arnaud. and ; the Murrry, to say nothing of tuDauiu other districts, paid a visit ■and;parchssad : live- stock. One commercial transactionled to another, and’ .a - y. 8 f. B 'interchanged, rresulting in .*}> B :*atablnßment.:of thriving business rela tions* _ The busmen'will-'be materially in* J,H rt 34 'i ibo Inglewood. extension be adapted. ,'dfclbn-'l“t meeting of the Fbarmaceatical Society of victoria,' a letter of thanks was re ,ceived from -dr Mortenaen,; Ballarat; for the' interest taken in his case. - . ..The Daily Telegraph has been led into the blunder of misquoting from the Adver tuer a paragraph which; appeared, in; the Star . with reference to “ billet moageriog” amongst .the. members .of.the Reform League here! The -Advertiser copied!" the paragraph without ac knowledgment. 1 '-’ • A faetthat.may not .be generally well known was ■(observes the Pleasant : Creek Neasj r* . ferred to in the Court on, Friday; by ■his Honour Judge .Smyth, Curing.the bear-' ing of a case in which a woman .oued a man. ’for over£loodua as wages, one of the barris tefa stated that tha case* was one in which there'had been love on’ both sides, .but now : the love' had 1 grown, cold, : and the woman Bought to-recovor- money aa wages due to her.' His.Honour-asked if that plea was put in os a : defence, and was 'told it was hot; ’ Had it been put in in defence, tha j'udge said he would -certainly have ’ entered ,a verdict for the de fendant, as he ‘always considered that when two partial entered they counted-on the costs beforehand, and a woman must consider whatever joys she found in thestate as fall compensation for any work she might perform for the man. One of the’men concerned .in the Lismore outrage on the woman • now in the Geelong Hospital has been -arrested by the Skipton police and forwarded to Geelong. M'Cormick-’a . string reaper and binder has been successfully tried at Tallygaroopna. The machine worked admirably. A deputation of 400. farmers, residing oh the -Jung Jang to Dlmboola’’route, will attend at the bar of the Legislative Council and show cause why the line .should go from Juug Jung. On Sunday a draper named John Davenport was drowned in Hobson's-Bay by the'capsizing of a boat caught by a sudden ghat of wind. There is (writes last night’s Qeelong Star ) a good deal of undercurrent talk going on about the political, situation. Sir John O’Sbanaasy’a speech on the Bstimates, pointing out the enormous deficiency that must occur next ■year, is opening soma people’s eyes to the,fear ful muddle that is being made of our finances. 'There is little doubt in any quarter now that Mr Berry has been fairly tried and found ‘utterly, incapable. The principal caricature which appeared ia the last number of Punch U very happy, some aay prophetic, and baa attracted a good .deal of attention in town. The picture represents Mr Berry being turned out of the Ministry by Mr Patterson, who is attired in the orthodox garb of a “ Jeames." Mr Longnaoro is chuckling in the background. The picture, is truthful, Mr Berry js sure to get “the sack" before long. If there is to bo any leader for the radical party it will be Mr Patterson; and. no one will crow over the change so;'loudly and heartily as. Mr Long more, the quondam hottest supporter of Mr . Berry end £bp great liberal, politicians, The Oresicich Advertiser writes as follows with regard to the Moran enquiry;—*• It ia nearly-four months since .the enquiry was asked for, so that all interest In the affair has died out except among a very email number .of 'liberals, who yet hope that something may 'he 1 did its work—it secured a sweeping , majority for Mr Richardson, and it secured his intervention in preventing tbs constable’s removal from Oreawiok, when ordered away'by .the superintendent for a gross neglect of duty. ‘One good turn deserved another,’ and what more can be required.” The Daily Telegraph reports that four boxes of silks,', worth £lOOO, wore stolen from the Customs shed at the Australian Wharf one day ■last week. .Every effort has been made to recover the missing goods, but’ up to tha ■present jjo pjye has been obtained, ■ ■ Jt ; .ia stated (remarks' the Telegraph) that Mrsjoues, the late licensee of tjjo Glerirowan! inn, who was committed for trial by the- Wangaratta magistrate? on a charge of har bouring the Kelly outlaws, is iu a precarious state of health—that, in fact, she is dying in Beechworth gaol. \- Ad* Monday contains the following vague telegra.m from Sydney;—” A strange occurrence was some time' since • reported in- a house at Parramatta. The spiritualists put it down to ghosts. All tbo evidence given, shows the occurrences to be unaccountable. ” Trainiyay* are in favour in South Australia. A new one is to be started from the city to Goodwood. Sufficient’ capital is being raised, and a company is to be floated immediately. Notwithstanding that harvesting and shear ing operations are in full swing, there appears to bo still a number of unemployed about the city, 'jibe Herald says, in answer to an adver tisement oh Thursday for ijO mep, 263 attended. ' * " The Craaici Advertiier refers as follows to’ the disgraceful inattention to business displayed by members .of the Assembly;—'“ Wo under stand that on Thursday night, when tha im portant subject of \Jfaya and Means was under discussion ip tho Ifoifse, there ware no less than 85 pairs, which means, that j 0 out of 86 members ware absent from their places. We can scarcely think it possible for such a total lack of interest to be evinced in the work our representatives undertook to do for us, aa it would provp most unmistakably their unfittad ness for the position to which they have been promoted. Even if they "sat every night during' the aession, their payment wAuld .t° HWly # for ernli sitting—ho mean pay—yet members, simply beca.ush they are entrusted 'with the hig'tiest’duties, too ottau neglect them op the flimsiest pleas, un . mindful, apparently, of their obligations-to their coaotltuenta,” The Walhalla Chronicle writes: “The perpetrator of t(je sanguinary attack on Hr Norton was at one time a resident of Walhalla "bore she acted aa harmaid, and was known’ aa Miss Bowen. Her correspondence from Sydney at tlfaf fipie showed" that ij'bo was tnapeptably, ifqot highly, connected, gbe had a fine and attractive appearance, but had . a violent temper. Miss Bowen left Walhalla : some years ago under the protection of Mr Mitchell; a. civil engineer,’!. A somewhat smart trick was (remarks Friday's Creswick Advertiser) played on Friday ’ ’ ifi 0 * f.'bift street’ by a person who is , well, known, but who managed to* make good ; hia eseqpt. • It appears that wbilit Mr Gilbert’ Bennett was faking a social glass with a would-be" fneqd at Bhesrer's hotel, Ihq fatter'slipped nut ; of'the- bar, and mounting horse, Whioh was tied outside, rode away with it nn ; noticed; . Subsequently, it traaioired he went io Dav!ea r Bridge hotel, where he suc- Ifeeded jn disposing of-tha-animal tp Mr Chegwin. tho qiount of the’ moneV being £8 IDs. The matter js nqw iq the hands of the polipe, who »re in pursuit of the -miscreant, . \- Rsfofring to tha financial position, the Argot BAyst—‘ According to tbe financial ftatemeofc circulated when.the, Budget speech was made; to carry forWßrd a cfadit balonca of £31,21f5 to the ye4r 1881-2. Thu small surplus was brought out—as 1 we' -b*ya shqwnbefore—by greatly over- eitihjiting .the 'probable revenue, and taking: oredit for aeveral -large reductions whioh it is by no moans certain that Parliament will sanction.' I l tter ia I th ? diminution qf the mqnlofpal , qndowinmt by,£loo.floo. , Over t 0 * >Ba h e f oB contest,’the ia,^ osl,ible to With *jM» ordinary, ineqaae, wp know that lt *»*» been pat down at a Considerably '“‘ JOMj the rape,ft. for the firtt quarter have hfan i41,?52 legs th»n whgt mat brought to book during tbe oorresponding P*riod ,bf 1879-50. Then^thwq batch of Treasury bonds, which win iTiTT' •n 9c ober next, to be taken into coliera It is true that the payment will not fall why" thereof, ahonld be in band at’ita termS™* rowfnt” M Pay OUr Wly without further bor rowing, Moreover, we must look for suonb. mentary estimate.- These already ainoSo eome £15,000 (abandonment of pre rata reduc nffe« ° £9oo °’ to Btifway, £6009); and wo may assuredly look fqrjmote.. Taking all things into consideration —the expenditure which the House i, be !® ‘“,ifn‘Ling ne m.da “to" ‘mee^l^H . Several importing 6rms , and private i r -P' viduals in town have (saya the Haib) 7y," graph) lately been victims of skilfully-effected robberies, of goods consigned to them from Great Britain and elsewhere. In : several im stances, upon opening packages which have arrived by different vessels, it has been dir covered .that they had been broached, sod s portion of the content,, which in several cue* were valuable, The, detectives We b«n apprised of-tbo robberies, and are eneawd in endeavouring to' discover where they took 'Un‘d*i^g Whether tn r *“ fe to the colony “ after Pi, ° rd9r n Car . ry out ;tlle "Port of the Phylloxera Committee, as adopted , by the Intercolonial Conference, the Government will have (the Argus states) to take powers of enter ing upon grounds;- destroying vineyards, fa in excess of -the provisions of the existing act! r ;j“? n i will introduce the necessary bill this week. Expedition is necessary, because in a few days the winged insect takes its Bight and thus propagates the disease. 0 In tha Asaemblythia week (writes the A r«u 1 Q ?T«“®ent wili push oh with the Esti mates, which Ministers are anxious to dispose Christmas/ 01 they prorogue;; at n J$ reoo! " d . from Messrs Gordon' and Gotoh the December wane of that useful publics tton the Australasian ABC Guide.” ' the _ A mooting of members of Ballarat Easl School .Board will take place on 'Wednesday at 8 p.m. The Christmas Sport* will bo hold on Boxmg Day, Monday. 27th December, and WI mu* a Janed and interesting character. This evening the anniversary tea and public meeting will be held in the South street Motho ,diat Prep Church; tea at haif-past 6, tickets one ahi hog each. At the public meeting the chair •will be taken by Mr T. H. Gray, Mayor of Sebas topol. Addresses will bo delivered by the Revs 8\. Alden, of Shamol, J. Q. Wright w" Seccombe and others. Select musio bv tha choir., , A bazaar will open at the Wesleyan'school room, ■ Barkly street, to morrow, and bo con tinned on the two following days, accompanied by a promenade concert each. evening. There being a groat variety of useful and ornamental articles to bo disposed of at very reasonable prices -(which will be marked), aad the object of the sale being to provide funds for furnishing the now parsonage, there should bo a large at tendance of the congregation and friends each day. The ,charge for admission, as will be seen by onr advertising columns, is vory moderate. 