A GHOST STORY OF TODAY. The Rev Augustus Jessopp, D D. (says the Pall Mall Gazette) has published in the Athenaeum a remarkable account of an appa rition of which he waa the witness in Lord Orford's library at Mannington-hall, Norfolk, in October last. After dinner, the party having broken up at half-past 10, Dr Jesopp retired to the library to take notes of some of the rare books which it contains. What befell him there he thus narrates - "By 11 o clock I was the only person downstairs, and I was very soon busily at work and absorbed in my occupation. The room in which I was writing is a large one with a huge fireplace and a grand old chim ney; and it is needless to say that it is fur nished with every comfort and luxury. The library opens into this room, and I had to pass out from where I was sitting into this library and get upon a chair to reach the volumes l wanted to examine There were six small volumes in all. I took them down, and placed them at my right hand in a little pile, and set to work-sometimes reading, sometimes writing. As I finished with a book I placed it in front of me. There were four silver candlesticks upon the table, the candles all burning, and, as I am a chilly person, I sat myself at one corner of the table with the fire at my left, and at intervals, as I had finished with a book, I rose, knocked the fire together and stood up to warm my feet. I continued in this way at my task till nearly 1 o'clock. I had got on better than I expected, and I had only one more book to occupy me, I rose, wound up my watch, and opened a bottle of selzer water, and I remember thinking to myself that I should get to bed by 2 after all. I set to work at the last little book. I had been engaged upon it about half an hour, and was just beginning to think that my work was drawing to a close, when, as I was actually writing, I saw a large whitte hand within a foot of my elbow. Turning my head, there sat a figure of a somewhat large man, with his back to the fire, bending slightly over the table, and apparently ex amining the pile of books that I had been at work upon. The man's face was turned away from me, but I saw his closely cut reddish brown hair, his ear and shaved cheek, the eye- brow, the corner of the right eye, the side of the forehead and the large high cheekbone. He was dressed in what I can only describe as a kind of ecclesiastical habit of thick corded silk or some such material, close up to the throat and a narrow rim or edging, of about an inch broad, of satin or velvet, ser ving as a stand-up collar, and fitting close to the chin. The right hand, which had first attracted my attention, was clasping, without any great pressure, the left hand, both hands were in perfect repose, and the large blue veins of tho right hand were conspi cuous. I remember thinking that the hand was like the hand of Velasquez's magnifi cent 'Dead knight,' in the National Gal lery. I looked at my visitor for some seconds, and was perfectly) sure that he was not a reality. A thousand thoughts came crowding upon me, but not the least feeling of alarm, or even uneasiness, curiosity and a strong interest were uppermost. For an instant I felt eager to make a sketch of my friend, and I looked at a tray on my right for a pencil , then I thought, 'Upstairs I have a sketch book. Shall I fetch it ?' There he sat, and I was fascinated , afraid, not of him staying, but lest he should go. Stopping in my writing, I lifted my left hand from the paper, stretched it out to the pile of books, and moved the top one. I cannot ex plain why I did this-my arm passed in front of the figure, and it vanished. I was simply disappointed, and nothing more. I went on with my writing as if nothing had happened perhaps for another five minutes, and I had actually got to the last few words of what I had determined to extract when the figure appeared again, exactly in the same place and attitude as before. I saw the hands close to my own ; I turned my head again to examine him more closely, and I was framing a sentence to ad dress to him when I discovered that I did not dare to speak. I was afraid of the sound of my own voice. There he sat and there sat I. I turned my head again to my work, and finished writing the two or three words I still had to write. The paper and my notes are at this moment before me and exhibit not the slightest tremor or nervousness. I could point out the words I was writing when the phantom came and when he disappeared. Having finished my task, I shut the book and threw it on the table it made a slight noise as it fell - the figure vanished. Throwing myself back in my chair, I sat for some seconds looking at the fire with a curious mixture of feeling, and I remember wondering whether my friend would come again, and if he did whether he would hide the fire from me. Then first there stole upon me a dread and a suspicion that I was beginning to lose my nerve. I remember yawning , then I rose, lit my bed- room candle, took my books into the inner library, mounted the chair as before, and replaced five of the volumes , the sixth I brought back and laid upon the table where I had been writing when the phantom did me the honour to appear to me. By this time I had lost all sense of uneasiness. I blew out the four candles and marched off to bed, where I slept the sleep of the just or the guilty-I know not which-but I slept very soundly. This is a simple and unvarnished narrative of facts. Explanation, theory, or inference I leave to others." Subsequently (on January 17) the Athenaeum published the following - " We have been overwhelmed with letters regarding Dr Jessopps narrative. Several correspondents are anxious to know whether the ghost sat on a real chair, whether there is any tradition of a ghost at Mannington- hall, &c.; We print the two letters which offer the most plausible explanation. Dr Wilks, F.R.S., of Guy s Hospital, writes to us:- " Putting aside the supposition of a trick, the story resolves itself into the question whether the appearance of the man beside him (Dr Jessopp) was objective or subjec- tive. Under ordinary circumstances when we see an object the latter is material, and forms an image on the return , this is mentally known through a perceptive part of the brain, the mere retinal image is not enough to constitute vision, as pictures are constantly painted upon the retina which are never discerned. Now it is possible for this perceptive part of tho brain to be thrown into an active condition quite independent of the normal stimulus conducted to it from the retina, and under these circumstances the person apparently sees an object which, by the law of our nature is projected by him a certain distance before the eye. This is common enough in fevers and in delerium tremens, where patients see people and animals around them whose reality is such that the memory of these becomes a part of the experience of their future lives. In mental derangements these hallucinations are also common, and patients see objects and hear voices which have no external exist- ence. So it is in our dreams from which we may be suddenly aroused by a great noise where all is still around, the auditory percep tive centre of the brain having been abnor- mally excited. "In normal conditions the Bight of an object implica the painting of it on tho retina, na the hearing a noise implies tho vibration of the drum of tho car If sight and hearing occur without these normal ex- citants of the nenes the bram muBt havo been stimulated from within, and tho im- pressions are abnormal and subjective "At the preecnt time wo havo no know- ledge that anything in tho likeness of a ghost or anything that hue not a material basis can excite an image on the retina, whereas wo do know that under abnormal conditions the bruin may be stimulated eo aa to produco a visual impression independent of any such image on the retina The probabilities are then immensely in favour of the appearance which the doctor saw being subjective rather than objective. We have only to suppose that those very common abnormal conditions of brain which are observed in bad health may occur under exceptional circumstances in an otherwise healthy organ to account for the occasional appearance of ghosts. "Hie probabilities nro also in favour of this view from other considerations lirst, there seoma no reiaon why the spirits of another world should prefer midnight for their Maits, but tho rcaBons aro obvious why wo should conjure them up at that timo Then, again, the want of individuality shown by this particular ghost, an ordinary mortal would find it very dilhcult to put himself ' in exactly the samo placo and attitudo as before' on ins appearance a second time, aa this apparition did, and then so dependent was it upon the observer, that when tho lattor put his arm up it w as gone, and tho Bamo oc cuired on the second occasion on another movement How these movements of the doctor could havo affected a real object docs not seem clear, nor why it could not bo ga/cd at from different points of view It may be noticed, too, that its nearness corresponded with the focussing of tho doctor a ey cs to objecta close around him ' Mr. A Wilson, F.R.S.E , writes - "As the narrator leaves explanation to others, will you permit me to remark that his experiences very aptly illustrate to my mind a simple and readily explicable case of 'subjective sensation.' As such, Dr Jes sopp's ghost is explicable satisfactorily to the physiological mind on the idea that an image lina been retained and formed in his sight Lcnircs, and has been unconsciously projected forw ards from the back ground of conscious- ness to assume (to the subject of tho illusion) the veritablo appearance of a hinnau figuro or spectre The well known case of Nicolai the Ttoyal Academician and bookseller of Berlin ib Hiebest known recorded inatnnco of bimilar v lsitatious and Sir Din id llrowator, in Ina history of Natural M-igic M\es tho case of a Mrs A , who waa a ghostseer of somewhat remarkable kind Cases auch aa those illustrated by Dr Teasopp aro by no means unknown in medical practico and aro explicable on the theory of reversion of tho ordinary phenomena and routine of sensa- tion ' J ho only point concerning which any dubiety exista concerns the exact origin of tliL bj ccilic images which appeir ub tho result of subjective sensory action My own idea ia that almost invariably tho pro- jected image ib that of a person wo havo seen or read about It ib not necessary that we Bhould remember tho incident to reproduce it thus foi unconscious memory' is a notable fict of mental life In Dr. Jcasopp s case there is one fact w Inch Booms to weigh materially in favourof tho idea that the'spectre which appeared to linn ni Lord Orford s library was an uiiconscious repro- duction of some mental imago or figuro about which the doctor may very likely hivo con- cerned himself in the way of antiquarian study Ho describes the figuro as dicssed m the costume of a past ago Does not this fact alone testify to tho appropriateness of an anti- quary a 'illusion being drawn by memory and imagination from tho daya of old and from the forms of tho past ' Mental phvBiology llaB not yet suihciontl) progressed to enable us to satisfactorily and fully ox plnin the i alónale oí tho montai acts which evolve tho 8] eetral illusion but I would furn add in conclusion, thatBuch facts of mmd as iro already within our ken placo casca hi e Hint of Dr lessopp within the palo of a rational explanation, whilst our beat timuka are due to tho narrator for Ins record na nn aid to ti o dillusion of a plum understanding of ghosts on a scientific basis 