Dr. Itclynack at Warwick. On Tuehd.iy evening Dr. Win. Kelynael;, t celebrated omtor, delivered a lecture at the Town Hall on "Martin Luther and his times, a text fur today." The Duelor waa met ut the afLernoou train by the Kev. P. Clipsham aud the office bearers of the Wesleyan Chureh, whom he was in frodueed. Dr. Kelvnack then diovr» to the residence of Mr. David Clarke, of the Medical Hall, whose hospitality he received during his visit. The lecture commenced nt 8 o'clock, by which hour the Hall was literally crammed. Tho chair was occupied by the Itev. 1\ Clipsham, and prayer having hcen offered hy the Itev. A Dandie, the chairman introduced Dr. Kelynack to the audience, extended a warm welcome to him, and ox uvskcU the pleasure they all fell at seeing Jr. Kelynack amongst them. Dr. Kjclynack, who was received with much applause, opened a brilliant discourse of over un hour and thirty minutes by acknowledging the welcome accorded him, and soliciting the sympathy of his audience, after the j-athcr hard work ho had undergone ut Brisbane. He felt somewhat akin to a jaded horse, rather stiff at the beginning of the journey, but perhaps upon warming up tho pace would become faster at the end than at the beginning. If it was a pleasure for them to see him here in Warwick, it was no less a pleasure for him to poo this city of the plains. Commencing his topic in a melodi ous strain of vioee, and with eloquence which at once riveted tho attention of his audience, l>r. Kelynaelc remarked that revolutions were the lani marks of history, standing out from the common events of life, like a uioun taiu towering from the plain. Lhey appeared at one time black with the tempest of human pain and suffering, and at another bright .villi tho beneficences that bespoke their origin and nature. Some revolutions had proved a scourge, and others a blessing, and to this latter class belonged the reforma tion of tho middle ages. Grappling with the Papacy in the arrogance of its pretensions and the tyranny of its demands, Luther sought to vindicate the supremacy of the Bible and the freedom of the human con science. The Bishops of that church were princes, and its ministers a consecrated militia in whom the instincts of home and of family had been supplanted by another instinct—that of loyalty to the church. And as it stood in the spell of its austere claims with pride upon its brow, anathema upon its lips, and with a secptrc in its right hand which it was impious to resist, it seemed the very Colossus of strength. And there wore not wanting indications at that pre-Lutheran age of a coming change. Dante had the audacity to place one of the heads of the church in his Inferno, Plutarch came forward with his demands, and Erasmus showed its errors. There were tokens indicating an impending change, and as on tho face of the sky they sometimes observed a black cloud within which were wrapt the elements of storm and tempest, quivering before the majesty of its crash, so here the atmosphere was heavy with the protest of thunder, and while men looked around wondering from what quarter of the Heavens the bolt would hurl to shiver the pride of Popedom—at that juncture and in that crisis Luther was born. The great Ger man reformer, like many another man who has attained eminence in life, was of humble parentage. They had neither the opulence of the rich, nor the rank of the noble; hut they got rich in the possession of quali ties of commanding excellence. They aimed at the pinnacle of all parental duties -the Godly culture of the household, little dreaming of the glorious reversion in store for them. He drew Melancthon from his armoury, and from the obscure cottage of tho German miner came foith that instrument which would strike a blow the reverberation of which would ring through all Christendom, and the benefits of his work under the providence of God came down as our heritage to-day, In giving a condensed account of the educational fitness of Luther which he received from his earlier life, first at Mansfelt, where he had plodded along the weary road of knowledge, which wok all the harder for him becauso he. had to endure the sharpness of poverty in its keenest form, and having one dtiy suug from door to door and from street to street, striving with his hymns to woo the inmates to kindness, the wife of Conrad Cotta welcomed him into the hospitality of her home. He soon distanced his compeers in Latin, in eloquence, and poetry. In the flush of his manhood, and his heart glowing with the fire of ambition for learning, he entered the university at Erfurt, where he attained one of the highest distinctions which it was in the power of his Alma Mater to confer. Like many another, he found that learning could not appease tho anguish of a guilty conscience. Illness and anxiety deepened his apprehen sion, the assassination of a friend contributed still further to intensify his religious thought, and under tho bursting fury of thunder one day, in which the Heavens seemed to fire with the portents of oowing judgment, Luther re solved to give himself up to a religious life. So, bringing the companions of his youth around him over a frugal supper, he after wards proceeded under the cover of night, and knocked and gained admission to the convent of Saint Augustine, and here we traced the beginning of a career which was to astonish the world, for soon, like another David with a sling and a stone, he smote the giant in its body until it trembled with alarm. Luther's convent life was strange to the one he had just quitted, but in that university was a chained Bible, and what a mine of wealth that book disclosed to him. Whilst there Staupitz, the Vicar-General of St. Augu6tiiieV, strove to lead him through the labyrinth of his doubts and an aged monk dropped words into his ear -words which came as a light from God. Luther subsequently proceeded to the uni versity of Wittenberg at tho invitation of Frederick, the wiser elector of Saxony, "where he commenced study in physics and dialectics. Luthei's grand career commenced in tholittlo chapel at the Square in Wittenberg, an unpretentious wooden building propped up to prevent its tumbling down. Here his fame as a preacher was speedily established, and the Town Council of Wittemberg elected him as their chaplain. Soon after this he received the degree of Doctor of Divinity, when lie took an oath that ho would defend the Evangelical truth with all his might. Luther took the Bible as his text book, and from that moment Roman Catholicism received a blow from which it never afterwards recovered. Like the spring time which was the pledge of that better time to follow when the green grass clothed the valley, and trees budded and bloomed with a thousand blushing tints in their glorious effulgence, and then that succeeding glorious harvest flushing hi its golden hue in the sunlight as an omen of plenty, so surely were Luther's earlier experiences the pledge of a glorious spring that heralded a yet more glorious summer. And when Luther turned to the Bible as the instrument by which we was to perform his mission, and directed tho truths of that Bible against the seemingly immoveable foundations he assailed it with his own mighty arm, and with the mighty arm and the power of the Holy Ghost -with a power that, shocked the tottering fabric. About this time Tetzel, the Monk, received authority to raise a revenue for tho re-building of St. Peter's Cathedral at Rome, and tho means for raising money was the selling of idiilgen.-ie-i, and this ecel-.nasl ic:il liawk«-r wa.i met at mvry town by an impres ivo proe.-sKjon, «.ttd having ivuched the Church, Tetzel ascended the pulpit and with all the power of a Yankee pedlar he descanted upon Hi" virli his wares -uith all the ettVoMferv of« tm«» who had l"Ug «h'par(. d fiom.haiiie. I,at Ivt determined l.poii puttii.;: an end to this ecclesiast ical jugglery; and s--, lonsi.' his own Saxon phrase, he said, .* 1 mean to put a hole in Telzel's drum," and so on the day preceding the festival of All Saints at Wittenberg, Luther marched up to the Castle church door and nailed up his ninety-live "Theses" on the doctrine of indulgencies, declaring that he would be prepared to defend them on the following day. This proceeding fell like a bombshell in Tezel's camp. The history of Luther to Augsburg, find his interview with Cardinal De Vio, on to his appearance at the Diet of Worms, and the inquisition opened up by the Archbishop of Treves-who demanded the authorship 'of Luther's books, and questioned the " Monk of Wittenburg" as to whether he still held to their contents ; the triumph of the Monk " whose answer was like the lightning flash that betokened the crisis of a storm,"-were graphically described by Dr. Kelyanck. As also was his seizure in the Thuringian forest, and subsequent confinement in the castle of the Wartburg, whence he shot his charges like a practiced rifleman behind an ambuscade and charge after charge went into the ranks of the enemy, and they could not tell where the bullets came from. But they hit terribly hard. And he shied a good deal of printers' ink at the devil with mighty good effect. The Lecturer after awhile proceeded to remark that he had been told, " You ought not to compare the Romanism of the Nineteenth century with Mediaeval Romanism, and the same too holds good of Protestantism." If they refused to accept that view they were denounced as calumniators; but let it pass, bad words broke no bones. He would not stand on this platform to say a word against any " ism" without being prepared to furnish evidonceof its veracity. If Roman ism had changed ; if the lion had become the lamb; if tyranny had died out and liberty had supplanted it they would all be glad to hear so, but they must have evidence to sustain the statement ere they took it in. Having given his views to the contrary, the lecturer closed with a brilliant peroration whioh finished with nn impressive rccital of the lines from Penn- " He who bears the cross today, shall wear the crown to-morrow." A vote of tliauks was accorded to the lecturer, who in a suitable response proposed that they Bhould previous to dispersing join in singing a verse of the National anthem, which was accordingly rendered. 