feMIjer AN OLD KENTISH TOWN. Wandering alocg tna cast coast of the county of Kent, the tourist who has time to spam, end who ie impervious to the noUv attractions of ' the mny waterinij- plats 'loctsd along i-, will Sad a quaint « Id- world town standing in a msrehy plafo a iitv.s otcfc from the sea, whic will well repay the artist or the lover of antiquity who lingers there for a day or two. The name of the place is Sandwich. If he has ever been in Holland, be will think fee has suddenly been transported there, as he sees . the flat landscape unrolliug itself before him, with only here and there a Jew cattle grazing; and occasionally a low red-tiled roof touched by the sun, making a bit of warm colour in the midst of the universal greyness. Treeless — save for a few melancholy poplars — and dreary enough it looks, even in the mellow light of a clear autumnal day, as you speed along in toe train, a mode of locomotion which seems strangely out of keeping with the scene. A fiat-bottomed punt, moving lazily along a canal would be the means of progression to be expected in'this dim and colourless scenery. Presently you alight at the little station, where the momentary stir and bustle brings yon back to the times you live in. But as you shoulder your knapsack, and wander away through' the.silent and deserted streets in search of a hostelry, you feel as toe professor may have felt m Andersen's story, when he drew on the goloshes of Happiness, and found himself suddenly in the Copenhagen of the middle ages. The spirit of the place — supposing you to be at all imaginative — will already begin to influence yon, and you will, probably turn from tbe modern inn — though that is quiet enough — and hesitate whether you will locate- yourself .at the Fleurs de Lis or tbe Mermaid or the King's Arms, which attract you by their over hanging stories and gables, and tbe-carv- ings of grotesque wooden figures which support them. Your choice made, you will probably be rewarded by eating yonr supper in a room where the mantel-piece is composed of jDuteli tiles, real Da ten tiles, brought over by real Dutchmen in the reign of Elizabeth, and where the oak- carvings of the ceiling would almost do credit to Gibbons. Yonr tea, should you indulge in that modest beverage, will be served to yon in a pot of real dtlf ; and should yon pmrtake of a glass of toddy before you tur9in for the night, you may perchance have the spirits brought to you in a square bottle wMch bears the date 1741, and the name of the then Mayor of Sandwich, When you stroll forth in the morning, your sketch-book under your arm, in search of some quaint or dainty " bit" with which to enrich your canvas, you find that your only difficulty will be in making a good selection from the maay pictures you see around yon. Here a De Hoogb, there a Yen der Heyden, seem to have left tueir frumes and taken np their abode in these silent and grass-groisu. streets. For siitul they are, even in these early morning hours, when the stillness in other tonus is broken by the whistle of the labourer on his way to work, by tbe lowing of cattle, by the factory bell, or the distant hum of maofeinery. Here no such sounds break the stillness. We presnme that, as there are houses, there must be inhabitants ; but we come across them only here and there as we take onr morning walk, unless we look back over our shoulder, when we see heads appearing at door and window, watching the " stranger" with canons eyes. " What is there to be seen in the town ?" we ask our landlady, as we prepare to sally forth, sketch-book in hanH. " Well, not much, sir," is the unsatis factory answer ; " th;-re ' is the hones iu which Queen Elizibbih slept" (uoiquitous monarch, who seems to have slept iu every town in her kingdom ; and StyCiemeni's and St. Peters Churches ; hna — and — and I am afraid that is alt." Somewhat discouraged, my companion and I start on a voyage of discovery to look for Queen Elizabeth's house. We have not fax to go; - it is but just round the corner ; and procuring the key from a highly loquacious dame, who is much in censed at our rejection of her profferea company and explanations, we unioek the door and enter. Nothing to see ! Why, it is worth a journey from town only to spend an hour in the room in which we now find ourselves. A delightful zoom — all oak carving, dark with age — low and large grotesque heads looking down on' us from the ceiling, from the midst of wreaths of flowers and fruits; panels — sliding pa.n0|R perhaps— all round ns. An oaken chimney- piece with a hunting scene fein-id in different coloured woods, wMch stand out well," even now, from the nearly black oa.fr - and brass dogs ou the empty hearth. We almost expect to see one of the disappear, and some proscribed Jacobite come forth from Ms place of concealment. "What business nave we denizens of i.ho modern world here ?" we ask ourselves as we ascend toe stair, treading softly and speaking low, for fear of disturbing the ghosts who surely have their abiding-place in the dim passages. Oak-paneiled it certainly is also, though the hand of some goth has painted it a dirty white. My companion scrapes a bit of the paint off with her knife, and, as we see the brown wood underneath, we give a sympathetic groan over tne vandalism. But the desecrated etair leads us into the room in which Queen Elizabeth slept on the night of the 31st August, 1572, and which, fortunately, . sacrilegious hands have spared. It is almost the counterpart of the room below it, except that toe very handsome and elaborately carved ceiling m of plaster, and ihe chimney and mantel- piece carved and not inlaid. From the window we look on to the river Stour and over the flat and dreary landscape, to where toe Ramsgate cliffs are shining brilliantly in toe morning sun. We leaxa from Boys' "History of Sandwich" that it was in Mr. Manwood's house that Her Majesty lay, " a house wherein King Henry ViiL had been lodged twice bbfore." The good burgesses of tne io wn m according to the eame authority, to have provided many amusements Jor the Queen and in their loyalty she evidently had great faith ; for it is specially recorded that, at a banquet prepared for her in the school-house — consisting of one hundred and sixty diahes served on a table twenty-eight feet long—' " she waa very inerrye, and did eat of divers dishes without any assaye." And she mo accepted a silver-gilt cap well-nigh a canit high. Nothing tb sre 1 Why, let ns stroll along Strand-street, bearing a little to onr left, until we come to tnis same old school-house' which was founded by subscription, under a promise from Mr. Mauwood, afterwards Sir Boger — probably the same in whose house the Queen slept — to endow it with lands of sufficient value to support the boilding and maintain a master. At one time no doubt it was a very flourishing institution; but like everything else around ns, it partakes now ofthe silence and deadness of the town. Perhaps it is holiday-time, perhaps the children are away ; bat at all events the building is here quaint and tall, with red- tiled roof and qaeer high ehimneys, wMeh look as if they might be dangerous M«iehhnnrH in a gale ; and ood out-foundings, and many pointed gables, and the date, 1564, in relief on the front facing the roadway. We are told that it stood near Canterbury Gate ; bat though the Canterbury Road is here, the Gate is a thing'of the past. While I amlpeiering over the low wall into tbe grasB-groWri coon-yard, and moralising over the deoayfof all hnmsn institutions, my , companion is transferring the bid honee to her sketch book ; and when sue has finished, I suggest that w a should try and have g peep at tbe churches, which our landlady has mentioned as being of the lions of the place. Wa go first to St. Clement's the sqnare tower of which is one of the most ancient Saxon buildings in Engliifo. It is ornamented on each side with throe tiers of pillars &rd; circular arches. Boys says that it had formerly a spire and featueuientp, wbicij were fuken oown between the jezi'd 1670 and 1673. church is built princi pally ot bouiders mixed wirti sautlstoni from Ptgwell Bay, with the exception of tbe tower, which is composed of Normandy atono The ct- iiing of the nave is of "oak, in panels like those ia Queen Elizibth'e house, with or nam tuts of flowers and fcliage, and angeis holding shields. The stalls in the chancel sre aleo oak, of very ancient date, and much wormeaten. In the pavement are many grave-stoc63, originally ornamented, as we can see, with figures and devices in brass, which have Men removed ; and here and there a few ancient tiles still remain. Tbe day is so clear that .my companion suggests that we shonld asoend the tower and see the view; which we accordingly do, and are well repaid for our climb. It stands in the centre of an almost level plain ; and we e&nnot; help thinking how often, in ancient days, the men of Sandwich most have seconded that tower to watch the approach of an enemy. For the old town has been attacked an£_jsken many times, sines the Danes, landing in Kent, first pillaged it, according to an ancient Saxon Chronicle, in the year 851. Sandwich is not the least important of the Cinque Ports, and many a fleet has sailed from it again a$ the French, and many a prize tewed into its haven. The town, lying at our feet, looks peaceful enough now in toe morning sun shine, with the blue wreaths of smoke hovering lazily in toe still air over the pic turesque tiled roofs, which vary in colour from yellow, through every shade and tone of red, to the richest brown in the shadows. And the fleet of merchant-vessels lying windbound in the Downs, speaks to wealth and commerce and progress, instead of deadly war and tumult. Wonderfully "hollandisch" toe scene looks from this elevation. The poplars, the windmills, the universal flatness — except where, on the horizon, the Reculvers just catch the sun. The whole scene must thave reminded the Flemings who settled here in the reign of Elizabeth, of the home and country lost to them. When we reluctantly descend, the verger, who seems pleased -at the interest we manifest, takes us into the vestry and shows UB' a very ancient register oi bitt&s;, deaths, and marriages, written on parchment, and strongly bound. Amoog the deaths, I find tbe following droll entries : In 1622 " Gid Mother Chilton ; " and a Uttie lower on the same page, " Old Widow Wooliet." In 1643 — " Biohard Baker, a very poor man ; " ana — this strikes as as unkind — "Sybil Muzred, s very anoient maide." In the same year it is recorded that " Mr. Peeke was very Boiemnly buried." We wonder if the soieuin ceremonies concluded with a great jollifica tion, and whether ail the mourners at tbe funeral went sober to bed I On the font, as, We come out, we find the Cinque Ports arms and the lions of England quartered with the Frencii fleur de lis. 'From St. Clement's we wend our way through the quiet streets, past what used to be the fish-market, with its old-fasMoned gabled houses, each story overhanging the other, until the topmost one looks as if it would fall into the street below, until we come to St. Peter's. Here we axe fortunate enough to meet with a most courteous gentleman, who, evidently glad of an intel ligent human being to speak to, accom panies us. into the church, and shows us some curious old Dutch monuments. From Mm we learn that in olden times the prin cipal support of the vicar arose from the tithes of fish brought into the haven. It is to be hoped that he does nut now depend upon that, or I am afiaid bis stipend would be but scanty. In the time of the Romans, no doubt Sandwich was washed by the sea, which has now receded fully a mile; leaving between it and the town the low- lying mist- wreathed land, partly marsh, and partly sand, of wMch I have spoken. The name is evidently the Saxon Sandwie, or town on the sand. . Ins now usga uuud ; end surely," we say to each other, " we ehiil see some eign of life tfouut foe p&ce.;" Bat no, it iooks as silent and deBeued as it did at aix in tbe morning ; and it is difficult to realise that in cue days of King Canute it was one of the most important of tue English ports. We wander into a queer lutie shop, foil of carious old brio-a-orao, and pick up, for a mere song, some rare old Dutch tiies, relics oi the F.eteibU settlers ; and one or two old Maud ana China plates, which remind ns of foe one of which CaarleB Lamb speaks, on which the little gentleman ia handing a cop of tea to a lady two mites off ; and, joy oi joys, a quaint old bottle, dated 1741, like tbe one we saw at the inn last night. If only we could carry them away, we would invest in a bewitching set of brass-mounted "tall boys," and — for here it is — the identical "old clock on the siairs" of which Long fellow has sung so sweetly. The shopkeeper — though that is far too modern a word by which to describe him — and his wife are chatty people, and evidently proud of the antiquity of their house, built, they tell us, early in the seventeenth century; and they show us a curious bit of old wall, which seems to corroborate their story. I ask toem what they do in the winter. " Much the same as in the summer, ' is the answer ; <rit is equally dull all the year round." "Surely," I say to my companion, as we leave the little shop and , continue our walk, " any modern Rip Van Wiukie might slumber here for tweuty years, and on wak ing only read the lapse of time in the Bilvered hair and wrinkled cheeks of his contemporaries." We take onr way through Delf-street, Potter and KMgbtrider-Btreets, Butchery, Salutation — wuat- queer old names — to the Fisher Gate, the only one remaining of the Gates which gave egress from ihe town. It abniB on the river, and doubtless the fisher men landed there with their spoils from the sea. It has a pointed arch, and is in a tolerable Btate of preservation. Close to it stood the Pillory Gate, and as we look np we see the word " Pillory" written at a street corner, though there is now only a timber- yard where the Gate need to stand. Let ub hope that the pillory itself was done .away wuh, as being of no further use to the virtuous inhabitants. Going a little farther, we come to the Bacbioau ; bat although it bears the ancient name, nothing of the original structure iB left. Ii we go through it, and crossing the Stour, walk a short way along the Bamsgate- toad, we shall come to a carious pebbled ridge or bit of sea-beach quite inland; bat we have not time to-day, and indeed are loath to leave the old wails which still sur round the town. So we take a circuitous route back to our inn, coming across many a dainty bit of old carving, many a curious gabled house with low-arohed doorway and diamond-latticed windows. One doorway of oak, which appears to have recently been picked out, bears the Cinque Ports Arms and the date 1601 ; and we paBS a square arch way, if we may 80 apeak, with a carved, wooden beam running along it, through which we get a peep at a deaoious mass of quaint chimneys and richly coloured roofs and picturesque gabies, among which the watm shadows lie dreaming, which, framed by the ancient arch, make a picture worthy the brush of a Teniers. At length, tired out, we find ourselves again at our comfortable ; and waited on by our landlady in person, we dawdle over our supper, talking over what we have seen, and looking at one or two sketches we have made. Our hostess is in the midst of an interesting account of some subter ranean passages which were wont to he used by the smugglers, when toe sound of a bell comes borne to us through the still ness. " What is that ?" we asked, staxtied. " That," replies toe landlady — " that is tbe curfew." That old-world sound seems to ring in our ears when we close onr eyes in- sleep, which we do on'y to dream that we axe in the oak-pannelled room of Mr. Manwood's house, and that we are being presented to HerGraeious Majesty Queen Elizabeth by her Master of the Horse, the Eaxl of Leicester. I 