NEWS AND NOTES. This day’s events:—"Fraud and its Victims" at the Academy of Music; Mrs Macpherson's cooking class, Mechanics’ Institute, 3 p.m.; meeting of the Loyal Ballarat Lodge, M.U.l.O.O.P.,’leetdre at 8 p.mi; special meet* ihg of the'cbmmitteeCf the Association, 8 p.m. ' ‘ . , Owing to the.largeljaantity of mining.newa , which wa publish to-day,', we ars compelled to bold over a number^ot’letters, some of oar leading matter, and our Commercial report, : The R.M.3. Koisar-i-hind arrived.attha beads on Sunday at 8.20 p.m., and reached. the bay about ,11.40 : p?m.' Ourtalegraphic columns contain an aCcbunt of a frightful outrage in (the- Melbourna Opera house on Saturday night, "When a man named Greer, from motives of jealousy, shot bis'wife and a peraon. named Sondry; and immediately afterwards shot' himself.; ;■■■■ A man aged about forty-five was found on Saturday by Dr Bromby dead, under the Botanical gardens bridge, Melbourne. The third finger of the right hand is missing. The body has not yet been identified. A few days ago the privacy of |Cr Dunn’s domicile was invaded by two emissaries—self. 'Sent, possibly—to inveigle: him into assenting : to ally himself with one of the two, and thus weighted to run in opposition to Crs Robertson' and Josephs, for the approaching election for -the town .of Ballarat' East,, because, forsooth, their-' liberalism was'unorthodox, as avouched by the liberal secretary.... ‘‘.How do you know: that I” asks ‘Or*Dunn. “I don’t; : and'will not oppose Cr Robertson, for I "don’t believe it, and I know and esteem him asa worthy; coun cillor. -Good morning.’’ , - ', Wo are sorry to hear that' John Lawton, the man- who. met. with an accident by which he had his leg broken .in the Duchess''Company’s mine last week, is in anything but good cir cumstances, and as he has a wife. and.four children depending t on; him for'support, his friends have started a subscription on his be half;' As;the mining, industry ia' the mainstay of Ballarat, and miners, as a rnle, are not .by any means. ton well - paid, we hope- that the charitably disposed .will 'notoverlook'thiaap peal." Wo shall be only too happy to receive contributions at this office iu’aid of the unfor tunate family, ; ’ The dye would have done well-to have made the following statement before an" action for libel had been begun:—" We regret to find that an injury has. been done, to,Messrs Swallow and-Ariell; biscuit .manufacturers, Sandridge, by. the publication in: our columns of a statement relating ’to the discharge of-workmen -in consequence ,of their political opinions. The fact that the firm referred to discharged several of their men at the close of last week is hotdisputed; but wa have since made enquiries, and-have-ascer tained that the cause we assigned for the dig misal of the; men ia, and that in fact Messrs Swallow and Ariell have abstained -from influencing any of their workmen in their choice of. candidates. ..Under ,these, circum stances we ;bave therefore, no hesitation-in . withdrawing the statement, and expressing our regret that it has appeared in our.columns.”, A young-man named .John .Dent, a resident ■of-'. Humffray street,.. who had, latterly - been working for the Band; of Hope Company,- Redan, wasjumping over a gutter at the. White ;Flat on Sunday, , when be fell on the bank and fractured his left leg. He was taken to the .Hospital, where he received the necessary surgical treatment. On Sunday evening he was progressing satisfactorily. Some excitement. was occasioned ‘ at' the • iCorneron Saturday morning by a pugilistic encOuhter between two of the habitues; one of whom was lately a member of'the Victoria Exchange. --.The cause of the fracas seems to rhave been a scrip transaction between the two, \- in which a misunderstanding -had-arisen as- to .who should , receive ' a dividend - due. The . encounter was short and sharp, and both men were considerably cat up at the finish,.one in' particular exhibiting a considerable-amount of sticking-plaster Over what he' averred to -be the effects of a ring.V It is really a ’ pity that business cannot be. carried bn without these -most disgraceful exhibitions.' This is hot the; first instance of this sort of thing, and we think it high time-that some steps were taken , to prevent such exhibitions in the future. " , At the’end of last week there were 103 per sona remaining in the Hospital, of whom 23 were females. The’.number of out-patients treated'daring the week was 491, the number on tbe Old list being 405, and that on the 1 new’ one 86. . • - ' 'Colds being prevalent just now, it may-hot’ be unadvisable to mention an alleged - cure’for them, which,'if-'efficacious; has also the addi tional- merit of being both simple aod’inex pensive. Obviously, , at all'events, it : ia no nostrum.' A gentleman that he has'experienced benefit from'it, is desirous of making its properties generally known.. - The- 1 cure consists simply in chewing some giim-tree leaves and swallowing the juice thereof.: Our informant, who includes a taste for chemistry among bis scientific, atudiea, is quite eloquent upon the properties ofthe extract from gum -leaves as:a stimulant, an expectorant, and an astringent. ' Avery painful case of domestic trouble will, it is stated, shortly form the'basis of a diybroe case.'' The applicant is a handsome and- young lady, indeed aged but .twenty, .'whose musical and artistic abilities have often delighted a Ballarat audience. The matter was : incident ally alluded to by our Melbourne correspondent in one of his letters of last week,': The lady’s father is -one of the. most accomplished violinists in the colony, and her mother one of the most gifted artistes connected with our colonial operatic stage. The case-is one pre aenting very repulsive features, the applicant’s complaint being of cruelty, and cruelty of such anaturetoo gross to mention.; But a week or two ago the lady and other members of her family delighted a Melbourne audience at the Town-hall with singing of a rarely cultivated nature, and . the-critics were loud in their praise' of the gifted and happy family. So much for appearances. ' A lamsntable aocident, attended with a fatal result, occurred on Saturday, 24th July, in Doveton street, opposite Brophy’s hotel. About midday Mrs Margaret Young,' wife.of a farmer at Mount Hollowback, was sitting in spring ;cart,- when the- horse,.said.to- be. an. uncertain 'animal, somehow bolted, and when the convey ance was passing over the drain of the Sturt street crossing, Mrs Young was thrown' out violently on her head, sustaining a fracture of the skull, r as, also severe internal ifajuries through one of the wheels passing .over her body, . Constable Hastings at onea had the ■offerer-' removed to. the Hospital, when on nnninitim no hopes oonld bo given of her recovery; As she waa in an nnebnioious state it .waa ■ soma time .before her name; could be ascertained; hut a fanner.-who resides at Mount, Hollowback thonght he knew the cart, an A proceeding to the Hospital identified the sufferer: as Mrs Yonng,.-He then started off to Mount Holla whack; to inform MrYoung of the dread-1 fal ocourrence. - The.unfortanate woman only lived abopt twohours afterbeing .received- into the Hospital.. Ah inquest waa held oh the; body on Sunday morning, when it waa-found’ that the eanea; of death waa concussion of the brain. . ' ', ;■ Spaytheadale correspondent, writes:— * We. aU. knpw-.that the bleeding locks 1 oJE- Baqquo s 'ghost 'had a very peculiar and da-, iPvm? 11 ’® •? - ?? °- n Macbeth when he Why ehaka thy gorydboksiat me J’twasfaot I who did , the jdaed.’ . Rijt to descend from scene, on I wntwtSfcir iy Valley a few ago, been|theotioaaioa of much mMh in thd and since Alexan d«j*ope immjljjiliaed jffijttnda’s looks and the t regie result tbmfcibaj, I see no reason why an\inoidentin wbjemfane person at least ptayjgd an important’part, and evinced a keen desire to assemblage of. people from an outbreak of measles, should not be narrated. At the ball in question 'there" was'an ariiophiatrdated 'young' nnan' ■■ iheYperienoed In the mysteriee of fem»'le.;headv gear, and after -a' —lively o galop. ha found ' himself-"sitting—beside-a -young-lady, -when . the following colloquy,.took place;—'Youth • —‘Are-yon „not’_ atrafJ‘l.of,,being_out?^ ‘ Not at all,’ exclaimed the young lady. ‘ But then you know it is dangerous I- ‘ Not in the least. You, might get cpld.’_ ‘I am weir up/ ' Bat you don’t appear to“ be Very strong' yet/ ' KeVar 'better in'my life.* ‘I /wofild not thint'so.',’’.'HoW'is. that;?’ ’The proper 'place'for .all -persons, .like you is an .bed/ ‘What dp you mean, sir?’ ‘Why, you- might infect the whole ofTtha people here/ ‘ How ls that ‘■lt is infectious'; the doctors'' say so/ 1 -‘ What is T ‘ The measles, of' course. 1 :*But'-yoa" , don’t" moan toi.say that I -have them (’ - ‘lt looka. lika as' if you had them, and are only recoVetlng/ot- Why get the hair' of : your head shaved off.'!’' The young lady broka 'on't'inlo'’S Idud titter, left’the side of' the- un sophisticated young man, and during the" ■ evening there , was much hilarity over the event., /The,fair one’s hair bad been put short ; and crimped,’! think they call it, whilst a few .straight locks decked-her,“forehead; and the. youth thinking that she had recovered from a : ; fit of the...measles, labored, under the rmpres-. sion; that she-:Was now necessitated to wear a • wig. ' Hence the Indicrous:scene/’v. •:• The - identity of .the man-found, dead from a pistol shot' wound in . the; Treasury Gardens, .on has. beau , established... 'Ha '-ia ; eaid to -be. a- .Mr-Drew,- lately a; resident, of Sapdridge. ' • ■■j '.a *■:, '.. , - It.ia probable that,.a meeting of thoae -con called during thenveek,: to - taka - into conside ration'the advisability of-raising the -price of mining timbers, i -r * 0 A bit of “ blow” was indulged in by~a speculator on the Corner on Saturday, which shows how audOeSsfuLv a man can be iu mining speculations without knowing anything, even the least, about the working of a mine. “ Look herej" said he 1 to a crowd'of • admirers: around him/"here am I, as'kint*been down a'shift in my life, and, blow me, if I can’t make money out of them as ’as.” • Mr Bradley, treasurer of theScairs’dale 1 Relief Fund, thankfully acknowledges the receipt; of £2Jrom Leggd-and Son. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes: “ Not .only has the Legislative Assembly, by its recent act of discourtesy to-the Crown, set May, Todd, and, Hataell -at- defiance, but they have also trampled on their own standing Orders' and'; the. practice of .thefAsstinbly,' ap proved df'on the 28th Ju1y,1857.' After .pro viding for the swearing-in of members and the election •of iSpeaker,, the. ,20th, rule says;— ‘Tho_Hoase at its next, sitting (after the awßaring-inand election of Speaker), according to* order, shall proceed to take the said speech (Governor's) into consideration, and eo much of the same as was addressed to the branch -of the Legislative- Assembly shall be again read' by the Speaker, and a motion being made that a supply be granted to her -Majesty,: a- toaolu iion’sb'all be agreed"to that the Houaewiltto-' morrow, or on a future day, resolve itself into a committee -to-consider the How Mr Qaunson and Mr Lalor cpuld cite the \ case of tleorga -111. When he was ? insane, abd tire Crown, as it were, in abeyance, as a justifi cation for the unconstitutional proceedings of Friday last, passes all comprehension, as tha; representative of the Crown here is.in, active, healthy 'existence'/- In fact/no business," save the swearing-in of members and the election of Speaker; could constitutionally be'proceeded with: until the Governor, as.-the .representative of the Crown, delivered his speech, and supplies were,asked .for by-a Minister of the Crown, who- has to ; bring down S-message to thi?, effect from the Crown, and any rational mail can see’that" Mr Service, by asking for supplies, facilitates-the- position of Mr Berry; as the moment; the latter forms a-Ministry ho vacates his seat-inp the .‘House, and no money . will be available to pay the salaries for July /and-Augastrunless- granted;to Mr Service;-as -the new’Ministerial elections will notibe.Pver for three weeks at least. Argument, however, is lost - on -some' 'people, - especially those • wretched: folk’ who, as!Dante says, f havo lost their understanding.’ ” “ . • - _ An influential -deputation;, from ' the,', east riding of Ballaratehira waited upbn Mr Ed wards on Friday ’last to request that gentleman to .allow himself to be again nominated for a seat 'in- 1 the shird -council..' Mr Ed wards'sfateS,.in reply, that there were a number of gentlemen in the riding well qualified to fill the post, and he thought that. some of them would have •been "willing to - come forward,- but .as it ap. psared from the deputation that he bad satis fied them in the past he was willing to again! place his services at-their disposal * ’ The , establishment of a band at Carngbam ;ia now.au accomplished; fact,, the'inhabitants having liberally subscribed towsrdsthe' object, a donation of £lO-from'the Hon.’Philip Rus- giving an inipetus to the movemeht- Assiduous practice, however, is necessary to perfect the members in the manipulation of the various Instruments.'before they can play. in public as a body/ ’. r :/ , The_ following 'additional' polling places for municipal elections have been gazetted:—Shire of Meredith—-The Mechanics’ (Institute and council chambers,- Steiglitz.". Shire of Ripen— State school, Waterloo,-::,. . ; ;s . ; r ,- _The following is the list of new magistrates appear in Friday-night’s Government Gazette:— Within the central- bailiwick—^William Clever “don. Hawthorn; John Hurst, Roinsey;-William Leary, East .Brighton; PatrickvTdole, Eppiog; William Swan Urquhart, East Melbourne; James Callendar Campbell, Brighton;-Richard Balderaon, St. Kilda. / Within .‘"the.-'midland bailiwick—Jacob Cohn,' Sandhurst; William Glover, Woodend; Abraham Harkness, Sand hurst': -Hugh Rawaon, Eyheton;! Stephen Seward, Diggora; David Chaplin Sterry, Sand hurst; William Brow'ribill;-Tarnagulla; Owen Humphrey Jones, Daylesfoad; Syraan-Oatman Hart, Daylesford; 'Robert Oliver, Colibah Park. Witbin.the - northern bailiwick—Hiram'Allen Crawford, Beechwortb; John. Hug, Yackan dandah;. Andrew Kilgour,- Chiltern;-Henry Wraith, Harrietville. -Within the southern bailiwick—John Wotherspoon,-Beaufort; John Noble Wilson, Ballarat; James Campbell, Ballarat; John Joseph Qoller, Ballarat; Thomas Dann, Leigh' Road;-Thomas -Riohards, Mount Rowan; William Andrew Taylor, Campetdown; .Daniel MacKinnon,'Camperdowni Within the western bailiwickr—Cornelius Comyn, Murtoa; Thomas Augustine Garlick, Murtoa; Abraham Lesser, Coleraine. There is qnite a buzz of excitement amongst play-going people in Ballarat with reference- to the forthcoming representation of “ The Octo roon/’which is announced for Friday evening at the Academy of Music. Apart from the popularity of the play itself, the fact that two. well-known amateurs will'take part in it creates a great deal of interest;'" Mr.Cbas. I.rßnrrows, who - has made', the part of the Indian Wah notee almost his own, will appear in that char acter, and Mr Richard Tunbridge, auctioneer, of this city, is to sustain the part of the Yankee knight of the hammeryColonel Point-, dexter. Mr Tunbridge’s talents as an amateur actor are said to be.of.high order, and all theatre-: goers remember Mr Burrows’ successes in that ' line. / A crammed house is certain, and it will be as well for. those who wish to ses the per formance t'o secure seats in good time. An accident to'the 5.15 p.m. train up from Williamstown to "Melbourne caused consider able anxiety and inconvenience to,travellers on the line on Friday. It appears. (says ' the Argus) that. npon Woods’ patont .brake being "applied at the 'Edom station the valve got out of order, and the brake was finable to be with drawn from one of ' the first-class saloon Amo. rioan carnages. Thbtrain had to be taken on: to the Melbourne sUtioh with skidding wheels,' making the train-over forty ininutes late, and -throwing the- usual working of ..the ordinary trains out of gear." - ... The,deposit mpney.of £5O of Mr Tytherleigh, the Unsuccessful candidate for Normanby at the last election,- was; attached by the Bank of ' Victoria,to meet a claim by the bank, and on Friday Mr.Tytherleigh made an application to -Mr Justice Stephen with the 1 view of having the attachment dissolved, but his' Honor advised., him to_consult with, an attorney, to, see that any proceedings -that he might' take for the dissolntion -of the attachment- were regular. We (Argus) mentioned on Friday the lines upon ...which-the new Ministry .is likely_to be constituted. The circumstance that Major Smith is to be included in the list is indicated by his selection to second the vote of no, con fidence proposed' by Mr Berry on Friday.. Mr \- is' though-Pr ol fessor'-Pearson->has' been talked of, and two . Ministers are not likely to be taken from the same constitueney, yet there is the somewhat important, difference.tjiat Patterson cam wm hia Beat without the aid „« t, eon, and Professor Peatann° roPe,, or p„ chance without Mr Patterson "m 14 ency difficulty operates in other o^ 9 COn *K«u claims. The delfcate task ft to be performed. A larze ! .5 10a >«s v 1 Berry’s followers are anxious«,, ct, ° a 'ot u Attorney-General ehould m'l Wnxon, and the views of , rel to m ’likely to.be ascertained.. & E ea Geioin j,' Saturday’s Herald d Th rd M a ,'i y i3 6till a -P a ‘ ie «t' in th pt the Melbourne Qdol R ft ° . os pitJ same quiet .demeanor, and his bedth" 13 ' 113 lb « to improve. He cannot be £ , Coat >V l pity Police Court on Monday ne it“? ht lo He ■ The Victorian detectives have • formation from West-Australia ,I gentleman named Lewis, of celLi plorer, is missing. He left ffJf 1 “ ia ft some outlying settlements, and t; . has perished in the bush auv '^be twenty- eight, be has been ° al f the • boat- explorers since 1874 MMt «l second in command under Warbiut 118 * M .some; months past (savs attention of the .public at Gobi drawn to a moat singular f ormal g ha , a b 't« on the. banka of the Merri Creek ° f to * of prisoners have,been emploved r ’ re .>S eighteen months. It was- a P t tb rooks were,only, superficial, buttft llls they have been quarried the more sin* i d " p " appear. The . stones are of a basS^ tion,. and are of a pentagonal fl™*'"! 1 ' some have been found from ten tn ??’ J " d .long. .The edges of the straight, and considerable labor is, M oit * remove them from their restineniao, i' 41 ' 1 curious thing'connected with th;!’ Aoolll ' ! ' that pebbles of a beautiful descrimi‘ riJ “ : found, some of which have been n l ?' jewellers in Melbourne, and have b£ Mtdhj factored into Various ornaments.' Mr. George Smith-has issued' hia «n J Calendar” for 1880. The little fi ® lriJ ' a tains 48-pages of veiy interesting to amateur mtdLll . devote their energies to theVowh o?r*-° flowers,.or vegetables. A fund of nf connected with every branch of garten •“ given the work of each month ist aoribed. and ample lists of plants. tre« ~ f grasses and' so on, are furnished $ Calendar will prove a welcome addition to the shelves-, of cottage gardeners, as we l ! others who aim at a higher order of nl! • The: work-is well got up by rla P printer, of Armstrong street. C “ rtu ' A' mass'meeting of the ratepayers of it,, eastern ~ ndmg of Sungareeshira w i i held on the 28th instant, at Callinah’s IL ing Star hotel, to select a candidate toSj sent the ndmg in the next council. P On Wednesday _ evening the Rev. J. w iDghs will lecture in the Evre street PrimJr- * Methodist Church, the subject bllng“t Life of Dr Chalmers.” g 118 \- A special meeting of the Miners’ Associaii™ Committee will be held at the offict Lj street, this evening, at 8 o’clock p.m. R ;. ness important. , ■ D ™’ . Mrs Macpherson will open her cookery clmj, in Ballarat, at the Mechanics’ Institute, this 3 o’clock. Mrs Macpherson holds the highest testimonials as a practical exponent ?£ J h i; e -^ y - Important art o£ food-preparation and has-been most successful in Melbourne with her lectures, which have had a very bene-, ficial effect upon young housewives, and bothers; undertaking the responsible pod. tions of heads of the kitchen. Tbs lectures to be given in Ballarat will a . tend oyer several days, and will embrace practical illustrations of the different forms o( cookery each afternoon. The subject is one ol so much importance, to young women eep«- cially, that the classes should be well attended. An,advertisement elsewhere gives some parti', culars respecting the lectures. The_ “ Peep o’ Day ” was repeated to a very appreciative house at the Academy of Music on Saturday; -This evening the management has arranged to produce further novelty, in the shape of “ Fraud and its Victims, ’’ a sensa tional drama which has always’drawn good ‘houses when; played elsewhere. Every atten tion will be paid to the representation of the piece in p-complete manner. Mr Huntley, lbs very . painstaking, and we may add very hard working, scenic artist of the company has been busily engaged in scene painting, and the mechanist, Mr Mathews, intends to produce sothe startling effects in connection with the drama,, so that we may expect to see most efficient- etaga arrangements. Mr Keogb’e efforts to please Ballarat playgoers, it shoald be' - remembered, involve a large outlay, and very considerable risk, to aay nothing of the really hard work undergone by the company in the presentation of so many new plays. It 'is only, fitting, therefore that some substantial recognition-should be forthcoming on the put of tbs public. While on this subject we may point out; that the upper portion of the Academy should fill much better than it does. ’We can assure those who are in the habit of patronising the Academy, “ when,” to qnote a sbmewhatwell- known phrase in Ballarat, “there : is something really good to be seen,” that the great bulk of the pieces represented by the Willis company are in every way equal to any thing; we have bad in the dramatic line at the Academy, and that as a rule the scenery and 'general stage effects are superior to most of the representations Ballarat has had s , palmiest days .of Hoskins at the old Theatre Boyal. On Friday night Miss Cany George will" be tendered a benefit, when a real treat will be offered inthe shape of the “Octoroon,' with our old friend, Mr Charles I. Burrowei, in .his old character of Wabnotee, and lit Richard Tunbridge, the well-known auctioneer, as Colonel Pointdexter. The afterpiece will be “ A Happy Pair,” with Miss Carry George as Mrs Honey ton, ■ and Mr D. Carnegie as Mr ;HobeytbD. ■ ■' 