BROTHER ANTONIO. (From Scnb?er's Magamio.) In Bomo forgotten ruler's roign, . Thore stood ua abbey in- priest-ruled Spain, Tenanted by the jolliest lriara ? j That ever drank froui? wassail- bowl, ! , Or ato good dinners besido good fires, Or prayed tho sins from a dead man's aoul. ? Thoy had good cellars ojt rare'old wino; They ato end slept oil a generous plan; Had woll-stocked larders and viands fine, , And all that comforts tlio natural man. They lod a sordid, luxurious life— And waged with Satan 110 ghostly utrifo; Never, X wot,' their fat knees woro Prayerful dints in tho cold stono floor. . ?All tho brethren wero past thoir youth All boro traces of deep excess; .. . Ajid all had grown, in their soaroh forjtruth, Rivals in pious paunchinees. But blowsier, .broader than, all tho rest, Brother Antompr stood confessed, - .?? Bb?y of visage, (ind bhprfc of wind, As morry a monk as'ovei sinned With prominent stomach and doublo ohin, And moutli to empty a wlne-otuk in; Hump .of body and round of limb—. You would have said, had you looked at him, Soino oherub of Ruboua (himself no saint— A glutton in colour—a sot in paint) ' Tempted by goodies, the greedy oil, Had- leaped - from - tho canvas and dressed himself. How it happened and what befell," None of tho-friars would over tell; ? But Brother Antonio, hardened long In sinful surfeit and solilsh wrong, ?' , Made all tho brotherhood'stand aghast' . By setting boldly ttiudo atlast Even tho leoso olnstio i-ulo . , Of their indulgent and sordid school. ' No look of pity thoir featureH lvoro— Only a stem judicial gloom— . - "When they assembled in solemn stato,' In tho'doep-einbrasured council-room, To prove his guilt aud pronounce his,fate l>om volumes of old.monastio lore; &rimlythe; gravest read his doom- To ceaso from among th^mforovormore. They 'could not redden their hands -with gore'; '. So as.thu qmokost and . Of hiding his error forovermoto, Thoy- exiled hint far from tho light of day— Doomed him for lifo to that dismal place, ~ Tho. crypt, wherp their Bain ted. brethren lay, To pay tho price'of his diro disgraoo; ?, And while ho-prayed them, with pallidifaco, To lift his sentence and shrivo his din,' Thoy opened a tomb in'lho wall's thick stones, ; And, shoving tho former incumbent's bouts - Into a corner, tfoy pushed liiin in. _ : Iu vain he struggled against.their might In mortal anguish of soul and brain. . . They Bottled the.ponderous: blocks aright, Cementing thorn firmly in place again,,. . And sealed him up in hU' living gravo . With never a friend to slirlvo or save ;? ' .Leaving him there in tho dreary tomb With a gourd of water,, and standing room. (Ho should not perish, they-eaid, Of thirst, They would lot him starve or stiilo first.) ?. Biiriod alivo ! . Abhorrent doom 1 How ho struggled" and cursed his' fato! Loft alone in that ghisfcly tomb. With horrible fungi abd musty murk, ' And nothing to do but watch and wait . I For slow starvation to do its work! 1 1 Buried allvo ( and his soft, frhito hands ' i Dug and scraped at tho stubborn atones, . i And ho- shrieked entreaties and vain com- j ; mands, ' ' And voxed tho' silcnco with threats and groans. Tho vicious skeleton elbowed him,' Aud when ho shrunk from its noisome touoh, It seemod to follow with purpose grim And grip-hia throat with a stilling clutch, Till his starting eye-balls almost saw Its horrible head and tfcshless jaw In luminous outline baro and stark ':????. Against tho solid aud crowding dark. Tho Right would a stouter heart appall, And Brother Antonio crouched and shrunk; And pressed bis face to the rough stono wall In deadly fear of tho skeleton'monk. It happened that on tho other side Of the catacombed wall to thiols and wido, Another houseful pf holy men, Quito reinovod from their neighbours ken, ' Knowing nought'of their neighbours deodEl' Scourged tho.flesh for tho spirit's good,- :' Suhg thoir matin* and told their beads, A happy and prosperous brotherhood. Much ilid thcfo excellent brothers grieve That nono among them was quite a saint, . And morn and midnight and noon and eve; . They prayed with humble and hcart-folt i plaint ? That one of their order, gone boforo, Would deign to visit the earth onco moro ?And bo their, teacher to. help and save :: "With, -wisdom. .brought frost beyond tlo gravo.. : ,v Musing en this and many mora Similar subjects of ghostly loro, Ono evening Brother Filippo took His'frugal taptr and missal-book, Aud stolo away "by the turret stair { For a tocrtt season of silent prayer; But ha bethought him before ho wentj Into his cell's chill banishment. Of a cobwebbed Hagon rare and old— A. famous vintago which long ago Ho had hidden away in tho dust and mould -Of tho dim and shadowy crypt below. Xiittlo ho carod for spoctrea grim With glaring eye-holes and hollow breast— Never a ghost had troubled him;' , Aud ho followed fearless his eocrd't quest ? ] Where, far from tho wholesomo light of day, His predecessors wero laid away ' So long ago that they paved tho stonos With a basao-reliovo of mouldy bones, And as ho quietly picked his way Over his sainted brethren's clay (Or, stating it moro correctly, fimo), And mnsed on tho changes of life and time, ;To his pondering soul it must havo seemed, Whilo the flickering floro of his taper gleamed ' Oh mortal relies aud mildewed stouoH, That tho ono fixed foot in the wprld was bones. ' There wero bones in") many and quaint designs; In rows and pyramids, squaros and lines, Curves and angles and wings and lyres, Droll whcel-puttoms with skulls for hubs, Bibs for felloes and spines for tyres; Chi-erful fancius of hearts and clubs (These in honour of long pabt gnmea When th'eso rolics woro skins and names); Bones iv triplets and bpnes in pairs, Axes and circles, rosottoa and squaros— Bones in ovory position placed, Bones on the most abounding plan— . Never so vast a number graced Tho happiest dream of a mediool man. And hkulls ; they met him on every sido, Spectral and grissly and vacant-oyed; Skulls above him, around, beneath, In every possible Btago of tooth ; Somo had regular rows of iwarls, Some wero fanged liko a savugo beast, Whilo somo had cuspids liko fair young girla'— ? ' Whito as rico-grains; and thero was one ] Uncommonly old and holy priest, j With toeth worn level by life's long feast, And a calm expression of work well done. I But Brother Pilippo faced tho throng Foarlens, aud mused, as ho stolo along, How Btrango when lifo is alort and glad, And death is. dreary, and cold and dull, That living fncos nro mostly sad, And nothing grins like a dead man's skull I Hark! Tho friar turned with a nervous start And a sudden plunge of lus shrinking heart. From his jocund noso and hia rosy jowl Ebbed in a moment tho rioh red blood, And terror struck to bis inmost soul, As thud — thud — thud — thud Camo four dulled sounds from a wallcd-up tomb, Smiting his Fcnso liko tha strokes of doom. Ilia very skull-cap shrunk appalled; Doubtless hit hair would havo ripen straight Except that his head was shiny bald— Bald as a biscuit by timo Or fata ; 'Froze his heart with a deathly chill; Died on his lips.tho mumbled prayor. His jaw dropped wido and Ins pulsp stopd still With a sudden and awfulsonsoof scare, And down on tho damp unfriendly ground ' Ho dropped in adcex> and breathless swound. Whothor tho touch of dead mon's bones, Or tho solid whack on tho cruel stones Restored his senses, ho rallied soon, And with many a tnmblo, wronoh, and sprain— ' His haste and terror contemning pain— (His light wa-sout, and thero shouo no moon) Ho scrambled aud struggled, bruised and laino, Back by the crooked way he camo, — Tho winding vault and tho stcop stouo stair Leading to life and light aud mr, — Losing all he could leave behind, Taper, and sandals, and prcsonco of mind. Tho brothers guthorod with spado and pick— And something of nervous dread, withal— And lifting 'tho cobwebs dense and thick, Thoy pricda stouo from tho. massive wall, And lo 1 in answer to all thoir quoat,— Palo with fasting, with terror faint, His whilo hands, folded across his breast, — Ho stood diacovorcd—their prayed-for saint I ?Whatever had been 'Antonio's crimo, Ho'wai. always cunning, old or young, And ho saw that thie was a proper timo To cast up his oyes and hold his tongue. Thoy lifted him gently with raauy prayers, This new-fledged saint, from bis Htono ooooon; Thoy carried him tenderly up tho 6tairs With faces of nwe-sti-uok joy—and soon Thoy mado him splendid with garments bravo, Wanned him with cordials rioh and strong, And sculptured arohes and stately nave Sunt buok tho strains of their walooiuo-Bong. Sobered by dangor and fear and grief,— For oven friars fi-om these may learn,— Brothor Antonio vowed to turn ? Over a brand-now moral loaf. To bo devoted, sincero, and good, And livo as a j/odly friar (should. Ho prayed and studied aud f anted muoh; Tho fame of his saiutfthip circled wido; Tho sick wore brought for his healing touch From the furthest bound of tho countryside; ?The Kimplo.peasantry far and near Hold Win holy; and young nnd old ? '..-? Sought his counsol with faith sincere, , Aiid, ? etiuting their stomachs of needed I-. bread, . . . .; ? Bought his bleasiugfor so much gold, And half bolioved he could raiso tho dead. But sudden conversions seldom last; And cro a yearof hissaintahip passed,", In spite of vigils and prayers galore, j I Brother Antonio fell onoa more—? ?? ? Heavier, harder, deeper, lower, Farther and .worso than he did bofore. ..??? Aud tho sorrowing brethren,- shocked and grieved, Tofiudhbwsoro'thoyhad been deceived, -Looked- upon him as ono accursed- No saint, but a doubly sinful man ;??;. ? And remembering how they had found him first,,".?'."/' V?? ' Could think'Of no surer or better plan, ?? To clcanso their ekirta of this di'sinal stain,. Than to.put him back inluaholougoin. So, after Vespers, they took him down Where tho broken tomb was gaping wido; Tho resident skeleton, tall and brown, ? ? ' And tho empty water-gourd still iusido .(The stouo had nevor sinco been replabod); And thoy clad ? him again in his mildewed . gown,..- ..?'.??' With the'hempen rope's-end about the ? ?waiat.-Y Thesiimo that when ho arrived ho wore, — And plastered him as ho was before, -i . With his marrowlesH oxioihy; eterkand grim, And tho ravenous rata to companion bim. Meantime the brothers who him firtit Had seldom mentioned his awful fate,; :???'?. Ills iiumo among them had hcenaccurssd, .'.; And rarely hoard in his former homo. Only gonial Brother Joromb ,'.,..? '??,.. Missed and mourned for his buried mate.''./' It happened on tho same spring day - '?'??'.. When tho guilty monk, for tho second time, ? Had been in tho catacomb sealed away '?:?> To expiate aud repent his crimo, ? - V . Gentle Brother Jerome haddied,— 7.?;?????. Having, pined and Jilted sine* tho leaves .- '< turned brown; Y'YY-..-;-:-. 7:., I And now,'as thomooabogantoriso ' \ Aud scatter tho light from'her silver crown Over tho "dewy world eut&ldo;, * 1 Hia brethren gathered to hear him down - I And lay him away to skolotoniso. 1 Under the altar,—tho usual way,— 'Chill nnd -silent,' tho dead monk lay; I Tho flickering tapor's light revealed I His dark-fringed lids in their death-lleep I scaled,. , Tho,marble brows with their clossio line, Tho thin, high nose and tho nostril fine, - ' And tho lips that novor would open moro 7 I In ayes, paters, or holy hymns ;~ 1 And tho coarse groy garmont ho always wore I Showing tho lines of hia rigid limbs.. j Under its frayed and faded hem Gaunt and pallid, his feet woro seen, Bare—and now, for a wonder, olean; ? Earthly paths woro no moro for thorn; And, though not needed in other spheres. His half-worn sandals besido woro placed. Two wax-liko hands to hi 3 pulseless broast A wooden" crucifix stiffly pressed, That hung by his rosary's beaded chain (Which nover would reckon his prayers again) To tho hempen girdlo about his waist. Dead—iv his manhood's ripest prime; Dead—and, spito of his fifty years, What had ho oonquorcd from fate and timof What had ho known of tho worth "of UfoP Novor upon that lonely breast Had brow of sweetheart or tender wife Hidden in shyness or leaned for rest! Never a ohild hod nestled there, Or tossed and tangled hia glossy hair. A wandering breath from tho chancel door Blow and fluttered its soft brown rings,— Silken-bright as in days of yofo, Whon in his childhood's delightful springs, Thoughtless of scourges and penances, Ho ran and sported and laughed for joy Under tho tliick pomegranate trees Of fair Granada, a merry boy ! PuHt all pennuco and prayer and pain, Tho look of his youth oaino baok ugain. It chanced that tho gentle brother's death Was sowed by Fate us tho mournful means ? Of saving Antonio's (ailing broulh, And bringing him baok to earthly soduos. For it often ohanced that no living boul, For months, wont down in that diumul hole— The lastoold bedroom of all the friars, Wherein when onoo they woro laid to sleep, No call to matins or ohanl of choirs Conld rouao them ;—down in that dismal donp, Far from tho pnro, rebuking -eky, Irreverent rodents, alort and sly, But daring from numbers, and'florae withal, Wury as friars, and sleek no less, Held with the relics high oarnival, And throve on tho husks of hnlinos?. Bnt Brother Jerome was dead—and so His cemcades gathered in mournful pairs, Somo bearing h>m down to the vaults below. While others followed with chants and prayei?;— It almost seemed, ore thoy reaohod tho end, That tho monk had porished to save his friend. Hark I ' Thoir pallid tapei?, with wavoring spark, Only served to reveal tho dark And tho skeleton huads—a grewsoma sight— Whioh, glad of somo presence besides thorn solves, Seemed to nod iv the flickering light, And grin and gibber along tho eholvos Hark I Was it a rat, that iv yonder oliluk—. Their tapeis* glimmer saarco reached en far- With h grim anticipatory wink, Lookod up,from gnawing a fibula ? Each monk fumed timidly round to see What ilia cause of the noise might be, And thud— t/iud— thud— thud, Thui'u enme a kuooMugthnt froze their blood, From tho very tomb whoro Jung ago Thoy had walled up Brother Antonio 1 Within, tho famishrd nud detpontte saint, Cramped by the chilly, oloso oonstraint, Was atinggling to make his presume kuown By pounding for life with a Btrny thigh- bone. Each shrunk from showing before tho rest Tho Uwfol terror that Alio:! .bin breast; Had thoro been but one, bn hnd atrnigblway fled' In v headlong panio of frautio dread, As brother Fihppo bail done, ono day ; For oourage, like fire, 'tis eafo to say—' 1 Though nono oi the brothers Ac fact would I own- Is apt to languish when left atono. At Ittbt tho bravest of all tho band— He had the musolo and brawn ot flvo— Said—crossing himself..with: a trembling hand— " '.Tii Brother Antonio, still alive .'" Tho'wondur widened, and ouu und all , Foil to work at the massive wall, Whilo Brother Aotoi'io's muflled tones ? Urgod tbem on from behind thu stones, | At last thoy tcnubed him; with palo bauds pressed Prayerfully 011 his ani|>lo breast, He stood, with hi? rapt tyos raised on high, And face with fasting and (cay mado wan, Like tho pallid statues that stund for aye Nioke-cb?brincd in thu Pantheon. Lo, v miracle I All their oyoa- ? Opened wider with awed surprise— Snroly, none but a saint oould live Elovon long months in a hole like this I And all were eager and glad to give Honour to suoh rare holiness. ?? Humbly the pule and wondering throng ; Pressed around withobeisanoolow,: ???? Praying his pardon for all the wrong; Done in bliudntsa ao long ago. And, no though to welcome the wiso old boy, Tho rowft of Bttulls ou the narrow shelves ?> Grimaced and grinned iv the general joy, ? And. talked itover among themselves. Brother Antonio knew full well ? Ua'hnd chouted deaih by a marvel twice,' - And haply tha spectre that Bbnrod his cell Gave him seine opportune actvloe. : ??: Be that as it may, ho took good heed ' To.miud his watnings and mond.bis ways, ' AtoniDg by righteous lifo aud deed For all the errors of former days ; So he lived revered as a saint should .be,, - And bo dioii in thu odourof sanotity,' ? And'when at last be was laid away, Y?' Hia. journey ended for good ???£ all, .'? / AnU'tuobbdy hoard him, by night or day,. ? Kopcking lor help in thu thick htono wall. Cof.ouM?o Km Sooip AHDGiuvjEa,—Put four ounces of lump buhm, a gill if water,, and half-an.'ousee of tho finest butter into a small logger, it over a goutle fire ; stir it with a wooden spoon till of a bright brown,. : Then add half a pint of water; boil,; skim., and when cold, bottle and oo'rk it cloeo. -Add tp fpup or gravy as much of this as will give a proper colour, .-,? . .: CnANCtLLoit's on Cabiset Prjjo?wd.*-Bci a pint pf cream with a bit or lemon peel and some flue sugar, and pottr.it hot-over a half pound of crumbled nowly-baked Savpy oako In a basin, Cover thp diah.'When tho croam i? soaked up add' tho yolks and whites of tight eggs,.wparatoly well..whi?kcd. Bako the pudningYmd tprvowitli custard sauoc., Stoned dates, plums or raisins may he added, aid alii miocm marrow almoudij, and grated citron.. ??;?? -.' ????-.? ?;? . :;..?,,?; ' ? ', 