THE REV. A. H. MACKONOCHIE. A correspondent writes to us as follows:— " Hardly a week passes without Mr. Mackonochie's case being cited. This being the case I think in all fairness to liim and his party the enclosed should be made public, so that his view of tbe case should appear as well as those against him. May I then ask that you will give it a place in your valuable paper ?'' Subjoined is the document in question:— [Reprinted, with corrections, from the standard of November 24,1879.] Owing to the sentence of suspension pronounced by Lord Penzance upon Mr. Mackonochie more than usual interest attached to the services which were conducted yesterday (November 23) in St. Alban's, Holborn; but everything passed oS quietly, and there was nothing in the nature of what could be termed a "demonstration." The early services were conducted in the ordinary manner, and were well attended. At a quarter to 10 o'clock Mr. Kirkman, the officer from Lord Penzance's Court, appeared at the northern entrance to the church for the purpose of fixing apop the doors the decree of suspension. He was met by Mr. Charles Powell, one of tbe Sidesmen, who asked him to come to the clergy-house. This Mr. Kirkman did, and having reached the clergy-house the following protest was at once handed to him: — " We, Henry Sidney Warr and Howard Winstanley, Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Alban, Holborn, hereby protest against the affixing to the door of the church thereof of any decree or sentence of a civil or secular tribunal asserting for itself power in matters spiritual. The document which it is now proposed to affix to the church purports to be a sentence passed upon the Rev. Alexander Heriot Mackonochie, vicar cf the said parish, of suspension from his sacred office, and issues from a tribunal wholly secular. Therefore we protest, as trustees for the parishioners in respect of all uses of this church, against its being affixed to the door thereof.—Dated this 23rd day of November, 1879.—Henry Sidney Warr, People's Churchwarden; and Howard Winstanley, Vicar's Churchwarden, of the said Parish of St. Alban, Holborn. Witnesses—Charles Powell and John D. Sedding, Sidesmen." Mr. Kirkman courteously received the protest, but said that he must do his duty, and accordingly he proceeded to affix the notice of suspension to the churcli-door. It was not, hswever, long allowed to remain there. Some person, indignant at its having been placed there at all, seems to have torn it down ; but this action was not taken with the knowledge or the concurrence of the officials of the Church. At a quarterpast 10 tbe Rev. Mr. Sinclair, one of the chaplains to the Bishop of London, arrived with His Lordship's licence authorizing him to take Mr. Mackonochie's place during the period of suspension. Mr. Sinclair, who was accompanied by Mr. Lee, the Bishop's Secretary, was immediately conducted to the vestry, and here he was formally introduced by Mr. Lee to Mr. Mackonochie. Rev. A. H. Mackonochie wore his cassock, surplice, and stole, and stood in the centre of the apartment surrounded by his Churchwardens, his Sidesmen, and his Curates. Mr. Sinclair's licence having been produced, Mr. Mackonochie made the following statement:— "Reverend Sir—I regard, as in duty bound, with vsry great deference and respect the document from His Lordship the Bishop of the Diocese, which has just been read to me. Notwithstanding this, however, it is my duty to God to refuse to recognise you or any other priest not sanctioned by me to supersede me even for a time in the cure of souls in this parish. The charge ef souls in this parish was duly and canonically committed to me by his Lordship's predecessor on the third day of January, 1S63. It is a charge as so given to me by the Bishop of a purely spiritual character, conferred by him not in his private capacity, or as a State officer, but as the successor of the apostles, and through them of Christ our Lerd, who was himself sent by God tbe Father in the power of the Holy Ghost. Of the holding, using, and surrendering of this power I must give account te the Giver at the hour of death and at the Day of Judgment. The office was given to me by God through the due and regular order of His Church, and what has been given me by Him I dare not, at the peril of my soul, give up, except to Him, acting according to the same due and regular order. Moreover, the spiritual character of spiritual things is fully recognised by the constitution of the realm in Church and State, as may be plainly seen in His Majesty's declaration at tbe beginning of the Articles of Religion in the book of Common Prayer and also in the thirtyseventh of these articles themselves. Now, I have not been suspended from tbe office thus conferred upon me by any Court which has like authority from God to deprive me of what He has given, or thereby to release me from the responsibility of holding it and using it for Him to the best of my power, He being my Helper, till He shall take it from me or call me to my account. Therefore I hereby declare that no priest has, or can have, any right or power to minister in this church during my occupancy of the charge, save myself and any others whom I may authorize to officiate in my stead. - Dated at the clergy-house, St. Alban the Martyr, Holborn, the 23rd day of November, 1879.— Alex. Heriot Macfaonochie, Vicar." After the reading of this document the Rev. Mr. Sinclair said that under the circumstances he would withdraw, and this he accordiDgly did, followed by Mr. Lee. Mr. Mackonochie subsequently proceeded with the celebration of Holy Communion, using vestments, lights, &c.;, as be did aforetime. The morning sermon, which had reference to the weather, was preached by the Rev. A. H. Stanton. The evening sermon was delivered to a large congregation by Mr. Mackonochie himself. No reference was made in it to recent proceedings. To the Editor of the Standard. Sir—Mr. Mackonochie's determination to resist the authority of Lord Penzance's Court, on which you comment in your leading article of to-day, will doubtless shortly become matter of common talk throughout England. The case is one in which the real question at issue is peculiarly liable to be obscured by the influence of irrelevant considerations. Permit me, therefore, briefly to remind your readers for what it is that Mr. Mackonochie and the English Church Union are contending, and why many who do not sympathize with the ritual of St. Alban's, Holborn, will yet be prepared to support the resistance of its clergy. In tbe first place, it must be remembered that the main point in dispute here is not whether tbe chasuble or the surplice shall be the vestment of the officiating priest in the celebration of the Holy Communion, or whether the eastward or the northward position is that which the rubrics contemplate ; still less is it whether ritualism shall advance or retreat; least of all whether the clergy shall do whatsoever is good in their own eyes, or be amenable to control. The real question at issue goes far deeper. It is simply whether, according to the constitution of this Church and kingdom, Parliament, without the assent of the Convocitioas, can ?rect a Court wbicb shall have power to piss spiritual sentenoes on ministers of the Church. It is of peculiar importance' that this point should be cleared from all ambiguity. A clergyman enjoys the temporalities of his benefioe, as all private persons enjoy their private property, under the guarantee of the State. With these temporalities the State has the same right to interfere as it has, in case of necessity, to dispose of the property of individuals. The right of Parliament to erect a Court with power to sospend clergymen a bcmeficio is therefore not at issue here. On the other hand, a clergytnab has certain spiritual functions with which it is contended that the State as such can have no claim to interfere. They are given by the Chnrch, and it is only by the Church, or those to whom the Chnrch has given authority to act in her behalf, that they can be taken away. The right of the Church to judge in spiritual matters is distinctly recognised in the Reformation Concordat. The conclusion, therefore, is that no Act of Parliament can, without the consent of the Church, empower any Court to suspend a clergyman ab officio. Such is the argument of those who. whether they agree with him in all_ points or not, sympathize with Mr. Mackonochie in his determination to disregard the action of Lord Penzance's Court; and such is the simple question at present at issue in the St. Alban's case. Whichever side your readers may take, one thing, I think, must be clear, viz., that we have here no comparatively unimportant dispute concerning rites and ceremonies, but a constitutional question as grave as that which would be raised were one of the Houses of Parliament alone to claim to legislate for the nation. To bring this fact into prominence has been the sole object of this letter, and I shall, therefore, not presume to offer any arguments which might tend to settle either in one direction or the other the important question thus at is&ae.;— I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A LAYMAN. November 21. 