S PROFESSOR; PEPPElR.,.,:a Although everyone;has heard of .' Pep-r per's Ghost,'' some of our readers may like to know'who and' what Professor Pepper is. _ Ho:was born in London, rather more than half a century ago, and after receiv ing a liberal education; was' placed at the" age of. 14, owing to.the `tate' for scienice and chemistry he developed, .with' Pro fessor.Cooper;, professor of chemistry and physics at' Grainger's Medical School. After five years of work and study in this institution he waisable, on-the occasion of the sudden illness of Professor Cooper, to continue the .course of chemical lectures to the students, and speedily made a posi tion and name 'for' himbelf 'as a clear, simple; and. uiaffected eiponent'of science, When the Royal Polytechnic 'was;opened in London, in ,1840,,Mr Pepper assisted Professor Cooper in preparing his lectures, the fit-t given at that templeo'f science; and some years later was appointed Pro fessor of Chemistry;, having under his control a very fine; laboratory, and ulti mately the whole authority and manage ment of. the institution was.. entrustedvto him by,.the directors.: ,He. established there amost!successful i iiei of M6 nday evening lectures for-the.wio?king classes, and organised classes for teaoching.chemiq try;'physics; Frenich, German, and niathe-' matics at very low fees, so as to induce hundreds of shopmen and others to em ploy their spare time in a useful manner. All his efforts in this'direction were iiider the special patronage of the late Prince Consort. During aperiodof.about twenty years, Professor Pepper has been known throughout Europe ; tid many"'parts'- of America, as a populariser' of science, standing,. as it were, between the public and the discoveries.of great icienttifie men,, and 'nking 'their value' and iinportaice appreciable by 'the' least informed on scientific subjects. ' He has" lectured :'t the Queen, the late Prince Consort, the Prince of Wales, and other membirs '6of the Royal Family, and''has iprobably 'ladc tured to a larger nuinber of." hearersthai any scientific contemporary, and his audiences reached their highest' 'point wheii, he first ,applied or useed on a large scale the illusion which now'goes'by the name of "Pepper's 'Ghost," and which produced£12,000 in one year'at the Poly technic,.and enabled .many other persons torealise.large fortunes.. The Professor is also the the author of several scientific and popular works.? He ;visited; America in 1872, and was warmly'welcomed byall the leading scientists, and after his first lecture by the general public.,- Since"his retirn to England 'from Ameri a lihe has continued his letdhies'onithe latest scien tific topics of .the' day, and hhe'i isow making a tour of the ?Australianboolonies, partly for' pleasure, partly for 'business. We may mention that London P~sxehl celebrated his departure from England in a doggrel farewell ;supposed topbespoken by Professor Pepper himself. The folldw ii versed which we giYve as a specimen w l?sampl enough for our readers : ."I've gone away'to?Ausraii i 'i y, S.,Syu'all all know where to find me;i I may not be back formany a:day. i, But I've left my ghost bebind'me." DLa o5a.--The prizes awarded at te SlateýSrin Show of the Delorainse Ho! I c iutuia[ Society are, now; ,,psyabla Hart..- mde l tweeting 'of subscribers to the Deloraine" Public Libr.ary whi be \- hseld in the Town HBill'ibn thi23rd .int., at r,30-sp.1'iitotrvis the rulNCetde; 