flfWS 3CBAPS. Mr. James Punch, the Sydney oarsman and trainer, is dead. The land sales at Fiji, of land in the new capital at Suva, have beat very successful. Six escapees from New Caledonia, arrested at Maryborough (Queensland), have been forwarded to the French consul at Sydney. A young lady at Ararat has doped with her German music teacher, to whom she was married at Ballarat. Mr. John Dmmmond, of Glsdesville, near Sydney, waxnB clergyman by advertisement not to marry his son to any woman as he is only IS yean of age. Harvesting operations are being carried on vigorously in New South Wales. In the Bathurst district the prospects are exceeding good. The case of Mr. Yibert, late postmaster at Sandhurst, charged with theft, has been remanded until the February Assizes, the jury being nnable to agree to a verdiot. A strange ooennence was some time since reported in a bouse at Parramatta. The spiritualists put it down to ghosts. All the evidence given shows the occurrences to be unaccountable. Mr. Fisher, the banister, is accused by the Age of taking £60 from Duke, of Duke Dock, to procure for bim some business favour from Mr. Longmore when he was Minister of Lands. A meeting was held last week in the Primitive Methodist Church, Maidstone, of hotelkeepers, to consider the prioe to be charged for beer since tbe import of the duty. What would John Wesley have thought of this base use of a sanctuary? It is intended to get up a conoert at Haroourt, bo that funds may. be raised to pay the fine inflicted on Mrs. Honour, for having in her possession unstamped weights belonging to an old set of gold scales, that were put aside on a shelf, there being no need to use them. It is stated that Sirs. Jones, the late licensee of the Glenrowan Inn, who was committed for trial by the Wangsratta magistrates on a charge of harbouring the Kelly outlaws, is in a precarious state of health—that-, in fact, she is dying in Beechworth gaoL A correspondent of the Bobart Town Mer cury tellsof a horse which has ha$ to be killed, and which was forty-four years of age. It was bred by Mr. G&tenby;, of Broadwaters, near OampbeUtown. The sire was Gulliver, and the old horse, which was owned by Mr. E. Home, was worked daily within the last tLree years almost up to the time of death. There seems, says the Xatal Mercvry, to be no limit to the diamondiferous wealth of Sonth. Afriea. New rushes are of weekly occurrence, and Jagersfontein is producing monster gems. Ko mean authority stated reoently that the ont-turn of the diamonds last year was £8,000,000 sterling, of which he reckoned not more than one-tenth remained in the country. The Western Mail of Cardiff states that on the Bridgend Wesleyan Chapel being opened for the usual service recently, it was discovered that some miscreant had during the preceding night entered the building and tarred tbe whole of the sittings, the pulpit, the communion railings, the organ seat, and even the Bible in the pulpit. A little boy, named John M'Kamara, aged six years, went on a visit to his aunt at Weverly on l£onday, and while playing about the place found a pistol. With this be amused himself for some time, bnt nnbappily it was loaded, and he managed to discharge it, the contents entering his head, and causing instantaneous death. The hospitality of his Excellency the Governor, eays the A<rt, is not of that Timonlike character that leads to rnin. Until Saturday morning last we hsd in our midst two members of the Government of New South Wales and two members of the South Australian Cabinet. They came here as ambassadors of what are really self-governing states. They had large powers conferred upon them, and important functions to discharge. But they were not recognised at Government House, though their sojourn amongst us was die subject of general notoriety. An extraordinary scene wbs witnessed during a service, conducted by members of the " Salvation Army," at the Corn Exchange, Northampton. A fire broke out, and the fire brigade were summoned to extinguish it. Whilst doing so the lady captain and her subordinates kept on with the service, tbe lady saying it was their mission to save souls and that of the firemen to aave bodies. With singing, preaching, and praying, the Salvationists watched the firemen extinguish tbe fire, and then they gave them the benediction and thankE. The inquest on the woman Annie Martin, alias Bose, held at the Melbourne Hospital, revealed that she was admitted into that institution on the 15th November, suffering from severe burns received whilst reading in bed, and leaving a lighted candle which caught her bedclothes; that she was attended to, but that the nurse and surgeon {Dr. Xewman) bad not exercised sufficient care -to prevent tbe deceased's wounds being attacked by maggots, but that this bad no influence on her death, which was the resnlt of the burns. A curious and significant difference is now taking place between the Roman Catholic Bishop Elder and the Boman Catholic Knights of Cincinnati, which is becoming serious. The society known as the Knigbta, it is said, number about 100,000. They claim to be a purely beneficiary order, yet are a uniformed and drilled argsnisation. Bishop Elder objects to armed organisations within the Romish Church, and also to a habit the Knights have of holding picnics and parades on Sabbaths, and he has already gone so far as to exolude the disobedient members from the privileges of the church. At a meeting ofthe Knights just held, the opinion was clearly in favour of withdrawal from the church altogether if the Bishop continues in Ms course towards the organisation. 