Amusements. The cotn&3y or rather comio drama of ' All that glitters is not gold ' and the comedietta of ' Withered Leaves ' ore being played at the Theatre Eoyal with the aucoess lor whioh tbo name of the London Comedy Company ia an astmrance. Scp-rooly aurthiD? oeald exceed tho humour which Mr. Frederick Marshall imparts to tho first in the ohartoter of Toby Twinkle, who, if played by many comedians, wonld, wo aro iuclinc-d to think, bo oivested of much importance, though in tho hands of Mr. Marshall he is made a poreorni-je of inBnite value. In 'Withered Loaves ' Mr. Marshall is also pro vokingly humorous, and tboae who assist m each piece play becominglyand effectively. Hcrr Bandmann, tbe Gercaan tra?odian, is Btill appeariig in the charocter of Hamlet, »t tuo Opera HoUBO, and to witness his actinjr may well be de scribed as an intellectual study. It is gratifying to observe how ranch the performance in enhanced by MiBB Beaudet, who enacts tbo part of ODhelia in a manner very seldom eqnalled, and no don't know whpn flmnllnri Thnt n. ttnnA -W1 nf Rare has beOD taken for the successful production of this grand work is abundantly evidenced, and particularly bo by tbe way in whioh the Ghost is inEtantancously lost sight of without moving. We oommend the tragedy of ' Hamlet' as now played at the Opera House to pnblic patronage. Whatever may be the gonoral opinion of aliss Louise Pomeroy's delineation of Eoisaliud is Shake speare's pastoral comedy of 'As You Like It,' it must be satisfactory to those mere concerned to find that it attracts large audiences, tho Queen's Theatre being apun well filled last evening. On Satorday and Monday evening next Mies Fomeroyis announced to appear in the tragedy of ' Macbeth,1' and this work will be followed Dy Shakespeare's ' Konioo and Juliet.' At the School of Arts, this evening, a compli mentary farawell bonofit will be eiven to Mr. Thomp Bon, of the Zulu War Diorama, and on Saturday evening the season of tWia exhibition in Sydney will terminate. 