Pn, Fs; fily 31. k We-sare in the height of the silly seaisdn; the 1 w-orking men'sT:congress, without, workioln, has n closed ifs lunatic s.ances, the last being represented e only by a chairman and a self appointed cominittee, n who prided themselves on: their name-" anarchic fsoci;ldists," and. reallyg expressive, as their perfect e res for, thie ills of, labor consist in dynamite to Sblow 'iup the legislature, and rifles in the haInds of d workmen, who would demand fromi the, .well-to-do, e ,. Your .money or your life." These social filibusters Innocent: of,-sense as, of clsh 'appear to repr?enlI only themselves, as several of the trade guilds have oeoficially signified they hal.neither ,connection nor sympathy with the pseudo congress:: :The:moral of s. theaffair isothis ;.if the laboring. classes desire Shenceforth ., to ,have .. their grieoances . seriously. a examined, thiey must eschew farce tnigedy, and pro-. fessional international agitators, state distinctly what. Sis wrong and shape in a praetical; form the remedial propositions., There is nothing to prevent artisans forming co-operative associations, andi they are free to compete: for all contracts on giving the necessary" security of ability to ,execute. But they hare ito: Sapital, and; bankers.lend only to, the rich. Like private:individuals, the State cannotladvance funds rto anyspecial class, all it can do. is to secure, a free field for every, industrial enterprise,, whether under taken by poor or richl: : SRoclhefortis inmaking agonising efforts to fill the 'libliceye,e and in which he succeeds; tholtgh tiot in the;-ay: he: epected.. Pending that. he. bh cast asidehb 'the populace, whose wild and' violent. pas 'sions he flatters; their idol for the moiment endeavors 'to be 'like Fiyro here, thede; and' everywhere--he t'presides at a'conference to celebraite atheism ; t a " n'udichl" to drink:tb the martyrs of the Comnitune, F at a binquet;, where ultra-radicalism is toasted and the fallen' of the Commune' plidged in haud-shhking :and;kissing, vowed to' be revenged.: 'Rochlefort, is 'evidently uneasy on the pinnacle to whicel wild and Sdesigning 'men 'have pitch-forked him, btit' the l higher he goes the more profouind will be 'his fall. 'lThe public treats with indifference and: laugh over his .utopias' and paradoxes; he furnishes no new ideas; it is the same air:grouild on the'same t barrel' orgin.:, lie I has been chuallened to precise hisi prP grtmme;'he promised to do so,' bilt did not. Bt lie thinks he is majestic because he hbbuses Gunbcttai indeebdhis own party begin to feel fatigued at this monotony of Billingsgate, which opinion he accepts as so mich fune'-cart6ons in letter press: Roehefort blamed the governtment:for not separating Church from State ; this is 'a atter.not for, the Republie, buttfor public opinion to solve, and suirrounded by. great difficulties.: The Swiss democrats harir.g, re cently in a plebiscite plumped agai ist such aseptr atioti; their French freres ought to well cosiid r suchit a step. There is nothing unnatianl il; the 'o!erico-ntionarchial journals! appliuding: Rochefort's attackls against.the:Republic ;. but the nation uider stands':both classes of irreconecilahles. Rochefort eulogises the communists, and would cunnonizo its ' nmartyrs,"' haippily France thinks otherivise. In the. dangerous path 'Roclfort is snow tr.ruadig, he ought to remember, like a Banquo's" ghost, thiit it nwa the 'Republic' stamped: out the insurreetioh of ;i171,iand that preaching a war of the poor agaWinst 'the rich, he will soon be caught between thl 'hamimer andstlhe anvil.:' - France at the first Berlin Congress wais the champion ,ofGreece, and' by heir adrodics'sectired for the :ellelnes anh extehsion of' frontiers, which the lato'.Contfereice has cotfirined by bealling upon Turkey to aet. .' Telstmiian f?raue?, ally .naure Ctnat so long as the allied fleet does not land imen, the snaval demnonstration is like so many painted ships ,upon a painted ocean.,: o one doubtsr that !the Turks canj'arriie at Atihels even-if the Greeks. attempt a forcible possession of the new frontiers""' in the coursit of a fortnight ; they are capable even of punislhing the .tributary states if they commence hostilites, for the dying lion can give still some terrrihle blows with his paws.- But will all the allies remain:sitple spectators at the m??sacres; no one believes in such a neutralitr., France Iaving pushedi Greece' forweard, declines to' sacrificei' afrant or a braee for either Greek or Turk ; . some of the' jotirtrials call this'wisdont itself, the more chimalrdus,i 'sneaking, and, tuinilitr.g for their dip?lottcy. The Fredtch Goi'ernment is" the promoter and sponsor'of the qutestion of'tlte Giecek frontiers; ifa it takes pars in thei natval demnonstration noblese's obliqe that it defenid her protdgd by something more then' sentiment a ainst the nizams and bachibazouke. If'not la .Rputblique e'et la pai--at any price. , Much gossip continues, still, to surround the suicide of 'in Amierican lady, Mme. "Amty Wet more,'..wlho was seduced under promise ofmarriugo by ?an Eniglisli'soiide sty Freniich- MSirqiis, 'when her divorce would hbe obtained..:The .:ulpable'.lve as indulged in: for sosme months; when Lord P- v becoming the Marquis of A- , was married to f another la.dy at the .British Embassy,. despite his promises "written and verbal, to rernmin true to his "driis Amy.' At' few darns ago ufice. Wetmore; whlo ~as remarkably beautiful, dressed herself in moitrniiig, drilak a preparation of several narcotifs, and expired in great.agonv. : She wais discovered with features as black as coal, anil uiirecogiisable fromi'' contortidus l on her ingoer was. the! engdaed ring. ,One the 'other hand, the versio? i is, ' tlhe decessed expired a victimi to excessive.drinking, n and that hter bedroomni had as many bottles of divers -liquorsi asa"d am 'shopi: 'No peort niorte,n' examin 'tione ppears to have', been' moud, the 'doctor being u~ttriiietl.'ediLied :from tle rrelatiois of a stointdleh pump. The deceased committed the grave erroi of qualifyitig for a'divore' by. wilful. adultery, and us people sow; so' they, reap: ., "All who can, 'are off to the sea side husbarids ins Iharhess leaie 'on' Satitrdiiy evening by the "slave train," iimtnruting to the city on the lfonriday inorn ing':thli fashionable world is 'ens route for Trouv'ille -the French Baden, and where there is les'cluance of encounterii g denocrat.ic lthers, aind les of siinilar I tenants t for the 'Persian villas.4 Close i hv is b~ea- a villi; ivh~se fttes 'terminate in'a race weli :sat'all r :ohier periods it is aristocratieally cold, aied soleminly dulln; It wais"the Ifavorite !watering "place dof the Duehesse 'de Morny; whose' husbiad foinded, and also baried ?hany of his debts there. It ta's at oie of th? Casino bills'that the 'du??hess decliited to, w danIc oin a q'itadrille, whero lier coachmaler's' iife mis her vis:a-Lvis :next morhing thfe diukl rece?ied his carriage bill for fr .80,000. A French printer. :proposes ldblishing a house;list, as attother.water-i ing lalces, of -all lady risitors eligible for matrimony, giving thieiri agds, social i position, fortunie;and ex pectations, soliciting: corrections'::of any eiiors.. A better iniovation corisisstin i electing. a quten:iof beauty for the season.'JDaneing is becoming more general? it is perhaps the sole niational amtsemient .wliere tbries:and radicils eeijosv tlhemselves, arid r without -disputing.:'i LouissXIV,.. was ,the mniost beautiful, danicer; of ihis ,.hge ; Saint? Simotihn s ibs formed us.of the pleasure he sxperienedin'leudling out .thie!greati ladies- at the Court ball;, the great Sully himself did not disdain t in his dy,aspppearing , as'~ shepherdor a deer at a fancy balli Under the directory, ,dancing resumed its ssav, andt'it the galleries. of thl Luxembourg,-lcrowds: attendedits twitnes therdanciiig .of Trenis,;amidst a cloud Lof bergamotte..,: Even. i me.'Recamier exeusted her ei famous shawl-step iefreoBairras, and which Mme )st de Stall I as describediti her Corianne:': e ·,!, us -.At the .sea side gentlemen wan; smalthats orna. nientcd withll their colors, or, those of their predilec tioit,:however; 'everything is color. just now,: from aisiting ceards and~bills offare .to sanding the alleys ,, of. your garden.:., For., must. the village cart be omitted; it is in white, or stained woid. the poneys se have harness in dyed leatherand cord, and to drive as furiouslys is di kis doi the ainbition dof evey ladv. The ebiomission business. is far fiom being dead: there are two noble families in Paris, dio tuppoer ' their eethblishments by negotiating narring,' s; an ' reciT.ing aDp8or, tsntago, go the fortunses, A ic Italian ladr hla just been paid 100,000 fr. for her le sueceussin ,this respect' 'Tlheri is a great sensation in the g'rsnd 'Fatbourgs, wheres the daughter of a a duke baring had disputes with her family, has left e71 tihem.;set uptin; :establishment:in:flhe.C Champs e Elvsein, Eand leads thidlife of the battalion of td COthera. She is_ not the only aristocratic lady by all accounts; who figures amsong.the demi-mondians, though-the latter hare a peerago of'their ow:n ; there to are seven or .eight hillis. of autheitic, titles known of to be ranged among theisoiled ;dores.; two.of these te have even the right to a line?inj theAluinack de 'Gotha, but are omitted for excellent;reaotiis. At the risk of an attack of apoplexy, ori a slow congestion of the baihin; peopile; flockto the Conser ratoire,' or Acadeiy of iTusic, to witn?is the public examiinations'of stnudehis in vocal anid iistrismentalt music, coiscdy,' tragedy,'&?i Olyv the contests with French horns arc least patronized.: The, comnpetitors, in other.respects, rec.al a race course, where the public lhas its favourites; esp;ecially amongithe girls, and if the juries;, over whiIch Ambrosie - Thomi s he p;esides,go ngainst the':sopular judgrneit, hisses, groans;'&e.; ensue. I. Tthonmas only rfilgs, his bell at the turmoil i Chertibini used to become scarlet, and Auber merely indulged in a :sarcastic smile. n Tlere'slis beten ino extiaordinary display of talent, t o.' big gooseberry'. to indicate: Indeed, as a rule, of the rltisles who become finous in after life, have obtained poor marks at these' contests; Roger, the o teisbr, and the Brothers Coqueline, for instance. • - .Tours, the garden of- Fra? e, has inauiurated a statue of Rabelais ; it has also one to another son, e and "i h"ilosober "of `anoither stamp, Descartes. o Tile latter is the embodiment of profound thought, the'otlher'of a'robitst stoaiach and proverbial good huumour ; lie has' the advantage; too;' of being ini titied: 'Thf repihblicas,'lhave honored Rabelais, as the forernnner' of, freed thouAlt 'and detliocracy, t concealed under ,a style, studiously. broad; the iMonarchists assert e was. a Jesuit, and had lhe ta lived, lie would be to-diy the most ardent defender of their illegal rights. The statne was unveiled in y. advance, and at " fifteen minutes" past tw'o always the quart d'liesre de 'tRdelai., thelspeeches commened. It is tn.iter the '.portrait of the jolly monk, and of the Republic; that thel Minicipalilty e holds its sittings.' At the ceremony wass Geenel do Gilliff, t, and the guard of honor was cot.mnanded by the son of Marshal Maciamhlon:. The formier is a e' celebrity curiously :prominent just snow,: a great friend of. Gambetta's-hence both are nclled Bona st parte and Blarras-he is disowned by the tMo \- -narchists, whom lie' deserted, and is suspected, rs despite his'zreal for'his nen faith, by'the repub i lietiss. "As. for t1he Communists, they woild roast a aid eat hii, ais he was 'merciless in'repreising their e,, ruiig.; friendship .towuards him is .one of the Schicarges against Gambetta.., g Mille. Anclere lhavina refused to pay her taxes is because site has no right to rote, has been sold out d by those unromantic pedple the bailiffs: 'But ladies c even cannot be allowed to take the .lai into their 1\. owhn hands. " ' SThebaker Bantlde, of St. Deniis, who, to injure his emllplojer, put arsenic in the knieading trol'gh, and 'nearly poisoned 50 individuals hiss been condemned to deatl., . A satirical journal luis been filled 25fr. . for publishing twenty uniauthorised squibs, vwhich is 25 soas per offence; the editor says it is clicaper to paiy tlhe fines" thati send the skits beforehand to the'eeniors, which would cost double for cab' fire. ' There is thei usual 'crop of wife-killing,': iihd the i: stabbing of creditors by debtors, as 'speedy way of settling aecounts .i full:. . The candlidates foi uaivefsity degrees'this tearm over 750, have displayed no markednbility-; not onue obtained the nmark of excellence a;the lnijority pspassed by the skin of their teeth. e :;.The lunatic asylutn iof Clermont hias won a bad s name of ill-treattitent of' private pitientn ,'in its butinil ground three colffins have 'beendiscovered, t containing oply big stones.. The Prince Royal of Italy s is so afrlid of men since the attempt to kill his father that his playmates are now.all girls..? 'iThe promptitude and energy displayed by the imaster and crew of thersteamter Dawn In saving th'e lives of the ;shipwtirecked crew of lthe Eric the Red, of Cape Otway, has re ceiveildwelliiierited recognition: 'Thel hon. the Commissioner rat- Outsuiii-- h.lus-warttesl- the captsait a o.ou?nrlr 0i commemoration of i?hf oicc?sioid, aid a sum of £6E5, to be awarded to the olicer antid crew. T'he third annuial'show' of the Benalla -Agricultural and Pastoral Associationa was held on September 0, in the oassociation's new yards. . It is to, be feared that the hotel accommo ldation: of Melbldurne will be' inadliequate for the large itifltit 'of visiftors who may be exliected to arrive during. the holdidn of the I,:l'he filth annunal .Champion Sheep Show, held uider the auspices of the Ballrat 'Al.riculturtil arid P istortl Society took place on SIpt. 9, in thle. ards of the assdciation, near Lake Weddouree.,' For teltei' riand champion challenge prize of 150 sovereigns, offered by Mr W. 'J. Clerke _for the h best inmerio ram' to be shorwn by the sam.5e0x hibitor as a four-tooth in 1880;, a sixt'orhot ih 1881, arid an eight-tooth in 1882, -,Mr Alexander Buchanan of ' litanga,s LiSatore, was" tile: successful competitor withl a beau full animnil; combining' godd syiinetry iand i fleece showing .great.lentith t stiatui, len slty, of character, and brilliancy of Iustre. A Swede is maikinsg the rounid of Eurbpe in a car drawn by three Irish doss, and hO lhopes to cotmllete his toer by Berlii, Paris, ienuua, Italy, and Englantd in six monilis. This exceptional tourist is' conversant" with many, rtogeues:. ..TIhe Australian: Insurance and Bankmin IRecored, in.' discussin?? thl result of the recent trial of Paternoster v. Hackett and others, tlihe directors atof te late Provincial and Sutliiarbaha' ik, expiresses the opinion thlat-; in? connection irjth anothefr qiated. ae, th irresponsibilicy of bankg maagers is ri;riicaly li?ir fed.· . W il-fl b.e (iseed (sa3s tlhe Record) that the; tio cases were iheaird and, determined in differen otir ,orts and dconceding't et lai ;to. be soiand in. 0ioth oe are tiiiven to thie conclusion that a director of a co'npany nisy- be del?ored guilty of Iraud in a court of Equity and ianocent in a court of Law-an anonalous state of things which should not be allowed to continue. In:the ease undei notice, M:r. Justic e Steiilshralso irm. pressetd l upn'on the'jar tht tlit they fi~st "be siatisfied the detejdlants b:?uid' a fipersoual kinowledga af the' inaccur-icies; :if (he re-. markeil); they :kknew: oflthetni and allowed theihm tbo continue-if tliere was a frai?il?lent resionsille io ':anyone .who suffered. byi, the fraud; ' ?d'4herb .was, however,: no dir;ect:. evidenie 'tlhalt .theu hi;i personal knowlvietge ait Ite false state ments piubishilhed (anan usredient rot required in a Court of qiei'0 and ciit is reasonable:to 5suiupose thati e absehce 'of sich evidence lied the jirc;yto find "i'urfdittfllor hie defendants. rI result of tiis cane st b rep"sdrdit as highly - satisfitctory, tiihe duties of directors bein unetbnly left Asndceta??' and h ndefined, but hley uleetn'io hie a'oSlved from all personMal : • " esponsibIity w' hatuoes." ' r ' . . ' In almost every instance where a man murrieJs a senisibl' woman, it is after he has met with a sveore disappointieont in not marrying a fool.: : : : "The will of the Kinig of 'I, urtemburg, (yately deceased), contained only seren short paragraphs. some men who hare but an acre to bequeath.'makue more oF a fuss than this one who left a kingdons 