Me^untbpSpus^. I A19 not- given to BupotsUtiqn, and t ilijuJtiisn,»n«wfr'.ip Ukfti^WFOT '«i d- « Kow«f i butjF^ ,1 W wan O W^BBer-, led r^nooeepn.^y, journey from Chfirat, to kotiat, *oiifl^«ably shook /ny *arjy *»«''*«4 TesoWtioo; I never, ; to bejieve in .. a?'lOSt ? -?'?. -'. -?? ?' ????.' i-: ??.I v--- '? '? ? -? x aid bwnstweiUng.all.daj (wWcb was. black servant, whom I had picked np at Cfcerat, and inrwhom I bad since found I could place. ,nor trust, .and. jny_ little dog. Rover. ' The day, although very hot; had been a. pleasant one,' but the excessive beat, and the glare of the'aun cause^ my eyes to be very much Bwolleh; and I was not sorry when I saw night gradually £all ;' We travelled bir through : the pUcby; darkness,, and my guide, who knew every inch of the country about 'that parr, sug gested that^ as* there was an old deserted rest-house not far diBtant, -HreTnignt. take a quite rest. To ' this Iv readily assented, for travelling in India is generally rather laborious. So off we 'started in the direc tion qf the house, which -we sopii gained, and aa 1 was luckily possessed of materiah for procuring a light; we speedily7 found oarselves seated in a dingy, dilapidated room, which contained a few shabby old pieces of furniture, and which as far as I could see, had been left 8ta.n.dinjg far' some ' (ime, -.-..: . . I thought — and not without ample rea son — that there must be some mystery about this old place, -standing, so weird and ghastly, with its -white-Twa^hed walls, amid the clustering trees; so ^resolved if possible, to wait and »ee what mystery It was. '' ; ; _?' -; ???'?_ ??' '???' '? '?' :'' \- We had not been in -the building long, before we were joined by .another we^ry traveller-, who, like 'myself, had stopped here for a «stl- I was 'riot sorry, for a night in such a pjace, vrith no other com panion than a blacky did not appear to me a lively prospect^ arid I thought that this new-roomer woutd assist me should anytting mysterioUB occur during the night. ' -'?What cheer, stranger?' cried Tie,, on, entering the room in 'which I sa^. 'Is there anything good here f^' My new companion, xithaut waiting for an answer, seated himself on a side bench, and immediately proceeded to make himself as comfortable as. possible. T may hete say that he turned out to be an American, as I concluded long before he apprised me of the fact ; for I thin,k I heard on that night some of the most a.b.Qnwbte Uea ever told by man. I have travelled through a greater part of America, and have beard some curious stories, but I think those told by . my Yankee companion were worse than any I had heard before, and I shall always think of that man as a true type of Yankee ism. I told him my fears with regard to the house, and chat I intended waiting till I saw or heard something, and -asked him if he would join me in a search through the house, to which proposal he readily assen ted. So off we started to see if we could find anything suspicions or unusual* We searched for a long time, and, fading nothing but old furniture and broken windowglass, we determined to g've it up for a bad job, and wait till we heard something which-might lead to the solving of the mystery — 'for one 1 felt sure there was. My coj5vpa,nkvn— who called himself Joss Smiihers — certainly kept me alive during our search, with what hp waa pleased to call -facts* (but I have my own opinion about that); and, indeed, I had occasion ally to. caution him that it would be as well to. work it quiet, as our voices might reach farther than was intended. But, although he would stop talking for a few minutes, he could, not resist the temptation when he saw an. opportunity to relate more of his 'facts/ . As I said, we determined on giving up our search — for a time at least— so we set tled ourselves in the ropm, in which we first met, and waited, smoking our pipes and talking quietly — for I was much Amused with my companion. It is generally known that midnight is the weird, ghostly hour chosen by ghosts who are doomed to walk this earth by night, and hold their feasts and sports in some weird nook or canny ; so that we waited anxiously for the arrival of that world-famed hour, thinking that something would surely- result. It was exactly eleven o'clock when we -gave up our search, so that we had but an hour to: wait for the witching -hour of mid night, which, when it arrived, I announced the fact to my companion, and we strained oureara for thftaUghtest sound from with out.'- -? ??'? '' : '.'.'' ? .? .' .... ' - ' i We Jhadl mot long to wait, for the, hour couldT scarcely hare struck, before we heard, or fancied we heard, the sound ! of . distant music floating .mildly on the midnight air without, and- gradually approaching. nearer and nearer the 'house in 'which we sat. - It k generally, believed that, when one is ' waiting ; for anything of the kind, he will, in bis own mind, conjure up ' mountains out of mole hills;' but, aa I was in my , aobecest ianass that night, I could not .for a moment think that I wa» deceived; and looking towards my companion^ taascertain if he had heard musical sounds, I. beheld kkim-rans6xd wiih horror, J rojaetf was at once convinced. . ., . ' '; ? ? I put my finger, to my lips to, enjoin silenpSi which I thought,: under the circum stances, would be wisest, and, if we must speak* to. speak as softly aa possible. I think my brave fnend would, but for me. halve taken a rapid flight. But his recent tales of bis own valiant deeds was probably ' one' cause of his ; remaining, although I eqald plainly seethat he did not enjoy his situation. . . - Our native galdas and servante — who numbered . four— had long since baen induced to -sleep; and their hoarse snoring, mingling with the imaginary muBMV sounded strangely .'in the awfuldtUlaess of tine night. We sat silently listening, and, ] «an answer jfor myself, expecting every xaoment .to see some ghastly spirit appear, or a bevy of srood-nymphs, armed with lyre- aad tamborins, make their appearance through the waU aito* tbe manner of some agile clown in a pantomime.; But he did ncH see anything of rtjekind.: , The niuijic had ceased, nnd I thought our idventure inustbe ended. . But we were greatly startled on. hearing the sweet strains hovering round our heads, with a surprising regularity of time «nd harmony. ', ,. ? This was, indeed. «i adventure — to be in such elo«e proximity with a ghwtly revel. Bui. there, was not siaping. «o we put up with it, and waited what nextour invisible musicians intended to do with us, : till -the notes gradually passed through the open door into another room. : This, I thonght, must be an intimation for us tofollow, and, with my finger on my lips, I beckoned' Smithers 'to follow, 'which he 'did, not without aWnitderable amount of fear.' ' We foUowed as silently; as possible; and ' reaching the door of the adjoining apart ment ? saw a sttabge' sight, which . traUbfixad us in mute amBaement. ; ' ;J '' ' .;. At the extreme end of the room, and stretched upon an dd^enchj lay 'a young lady of surpassing beauty, 'her well-formed . body showing iuelf beneath^ a rude sack roughly thrown over it, whilst her long goluW^resfts faUnfe loosely dyer the end of theTSenohT~Bldof Tfrlckled slowly from a wound in :her rbreast, and it was evident foul play had been committed. We could see / that ishe was dead, but of. course we could not jell how long since the deed had been perpetrated. . ,. , - By her, side, and in deep conversation, stood a black and a European, but of what country we knew, not. , .Their conyersfttion did not appear to be of, , the pleaaantest nature, for 1 could dis tinctly see thedatk scowls which overspread the Irow of the European, as they, both glanced towards the corpse, By this time my timidity had worn off, ^n4 I was on the point of making a rush forward, when my companion stopped me, and whispered, ' You cautioned me, now X must caution jqu.'1 This brought me to my senaea at once. My rash act, which caused but the slighest noise poBtible, de stroyed all our hopes of ever unravelling the mystery which, I conld plainly see, existed in that house; for, when I again turned from my companion, it was but to gaze in wonderment upon darkness, for the apparition bad disappeared, and with it the glaring, supernatural light which had but a minute before illumined the whole apart ment. .. ...'. -.''?, ; t( You're a smart fellow, too, I guess !' cried .Smithers, contemptuously. . ' Wai, stranger, yer wanted to know all about the crib, and when the. ghoBts come, darn me if. yer didn't skeer them away* . You've small chances of seeing the same parties again to-night. My eye J wasn't the female a reefer, eh? I think those darnation fellows used her rather bad 1' 'Now, Joss,1' said I, 'there is no need of your making sueh bother about what is done, and certainly cannot be undone. I should have liked to see an end of this strange affair, but I have no time to, &pare; that I should, remain here another night, We^will, if you. are wiliiag, continue our journey in the morning, for you tell me you are on the same road as myself.' We wok.e o,ur native attendants, and told them of our adventure. I shall never forget the looks of horror depicted on their awajthy countenances, and. I could not help laughing a.t the time, when X looked at them, with their handB and eyes lifted upward, as if in prayer. I do not know if the fellows knew about the house being the, resort of supernatural beings, but I am half inclined that there was some trick in the whole affair; and if it should ever be my lot to again pass that house at night, I shall certainly stop and try and find, the end. of the mystery. Very early in the morning, my companion I gathered together our little traps that we had used over-night, and went on our journey together, not without numerous allusions to the past night* When I arrived at my destination, I parted with my Yankee companion, but not before we bad taken refreshments together, and exchanged such sundry little courtesies, as always pass between friendly travellers, especially in a place like that. Thus I passed: one. of the saoat curious nights I ever remember enduring ; and thus I deprived myself perchance of the pleasure of bringing some, culprit to, the bands, of justice; for, Jet it fe$ fancy or otherwise, I could aweajr to the facial eaw. in that scene, and I feel assured that, should I meet any man in the merest manner possible re sembling those I saw in. the haunted house, I shall recognise him j and I can safely say that, if he is the perpetrator of such a deed as I expect has been at some time com mitted, I shall be the man to deliver him over to justice, and I think my Yankee companion will do toe same.— Jjtoy's Rerold. 