LLOYD PENNANT : A. TALE OF THE WEST. By RALPH NEVILLE, Esq. CHAPTER III. Mike, having disengaged himself from tlie cook, continued his progress. The_ passages and rooms were crowded by the neighbours, who came armed with pitchforks and other offensive implements to defend the premises against invasion, for the peasant who brought the warning had given notice of the danger as he passed along. The back door was guarded by a ferocious looking fellow, with a hatchet in his hand, and before opening it he held a colloquy with some on the outside. The bars were then removed, and Mike reached the yard just in time to see an old hack:, which he easily recognized, gauop past him to the stable. Having considerable ex perience iu such matters, he at once perceived that there must be some mistake. Hastening his pace, aud directed by the uproar, he entered a small plantation adjoining the house, where he saw a sailor standing with his back to the wall, and manfully defending himself with a long wattle from a crowd of assailants. Mike's arrival was most oppor tune, for as he reached the outside of the crowd, a boy, who had climbed the wall, stood posing a large stone which he was about to hurl on the man beneath him. At his command hostilities were at once sus pended. The sailor proved to be Pennant's servant, who, having a letter to his master, was furnished with a horse at Dunseverick, that he might more speedily reach him. The letter was from the Captain of the Pacer, directing Pennant's immediate return. A few moments sufficed for a hasty adieu, and the Lieutenant, springing upon the horse which had carried his servant from Dun severick, rode rapidly towards Deerhaven Bay. Captain Beaumont had that afternoon received despatches from Dublin, apprising him that a French frigate, which had sailed from Brest for the west coast of Ireland, might be momentarily expected there, and urging him to make every possible exertion to capture her, as she carried documents and emissaries, which the government were most anxious to secure. After some time spent in consultation, the Lieutenant was about retir ing, when the Captain remarked that his sudden recall might arouse suspicion in the neighbourhood, and suggested that he should again return to his friends as if nothing im portant had called him away, and rejoin the frigate privately during the night. His absence could be attended with no incon venience, as the ship would not get under weigh until day-break, so that her course might be clearly seen by those who were, no doubt, watching their movements. Pennant joyfully embraced the opportunity so unexpectedly afforded him of again seeing Kate Bingham, perhaps for the last time, and urged on his jaded horse with whip and spur. The evening was well advanced when he reached the Castle. Neither Mike nor Harry had as yet returned, and Colonel Blake had gone to take his accustomed walk. He found Miss Bingham and Tim, the butler, in the hall, both evidently in a state of great agitation. 'Yes, Tim,' said Kate, coming towards him, ' I'll do it. Mr. Pennant, I have a request to make, which you must grant me without a moment's delay. Put on your uniform, and follow me quickly to the draw ing- room.' ' Yes, yes, your honor,' cried Tim, almost pushing him towards his bod- chamber — yes, yes ; young ladies are always impatient, and. I know Miss Kate's in a hurry ' (in atone of great confidence, as he handed him his coat). ' The sheriff and bum bailiffs (bad luck to them) are coming, just for a few minutes, though— that'll do— now come along, yer honor.' Tim threw the drawing-room door open, and Kate introduced Mr. Edwards, who waa in naval undress, adding, ' that she requested them to walk about the grounds until she sent for them to return.' Pennant, who fancied the enactment of a scene similar to that which he had just witnessed at Captain Jack's, proceeded to the lawn as quickly as he could, followed by his new acquaintance, who carried & telescope in his hand. They had scarcely left the house when three w ell- mounted men roie up, and, springing from their horses, entered the hall, while, at the same instant, others on io.ot advanced from the woods, and stationed themselves so as to command a view of the Castle on £2.11 sides. 'Let u r; get away,' said Pennant; 'it may be indelicate to remain so near, for I fear something unpleasant is likely to happen/' ' Pooh, pooh,' replied the other ; ' people hereabout think nothing of such visits-- we're used to them, and laugh heartily when they've over; in fact, those men are looking cifcei me. We'll just stroll up and down here, tc be at hand should Miss Bingham want us. Look here,' said ho, adjusting the glass, ' what a noble view this is.' As one of the strangers approached, Edwards cautiously thrust his right hand into the breast of his eoat, and Pennant could perceive that he grasped a dagger, without seeming to be aware of the man's presence, whom he adroitly managed to keep behind him. While still apparently looking through the glass, he carelessly [remarked — ' I suppose those fellows must be bailiffs, come to look for the Colonel or Master Mike. It's very extra ordinary, but every one in this unfortunate country seems steeped in debt.' After a short inspection, tho unwelcome visitor seemed satisfied, and retired to his former position, while the gentlemen continued to walk backwards and forwards upon the lawn, Edwards gradually, though as if un intentionally, increasing their distance from the house at every turn which they took. Some twenty minutes might have elapsed, when the persons who entered the Castle returned to their horses, and on their appear ance, Pennant's companion proceeded, with out making any remark, to walk directly towards them. ' Offieers of the frigate,' said the sub ordinate, who had before so closely ex amined them, to the leader of the part}', who was looking in their direction, as he mounted. ' Ah,' muttered the other, clapping spurs to his horse and galloping off, ' he has the luck of the evil one, but I'll catch him yet.' The police officers (for such they were) had scarcely got out of view, when the gentlemen were summoned by Tim to enter. When about to open the drawing-room door, Pen nant looked round for his companion, and was surprised to find himself alone. Kate was seated at the open window, waving her handkerchief, as if in repty to the greetings of some one without.' ' Oh!' she said on perceiving him, 'Mr. Pennant, from my heart I thank you for the service you have rendered to one who is very dear to me. I can never be sufficiently grateful. A further request I will ask you to grant me, and that is, that you never mention what has occurred to any person, and more especially to my brother.' She looked up, expecting an answer, and perceived that Pennant's face had assumed an ashy paleness. ' You are ill, Mr. Pennant, you are ill.' ' No, no, Miss Bingham, it will pass in a moment. I really am not conscious of having rendered any service to deserve your thanks. I promise all you ask ; but your request has opened my eyes to my own folly. I had hoped — yes, Miss Bingham — I had hoped to enjoy the blessing of your love, but I now perceive that another possesses the treasure which I thought might yet be mine. De pend upon my devotion to your wishes, and now adieu !' ' Mr. Pennant,' cried Kate, stay — pray stay ;Jyou misunderstand me, indeed you do. I did not mean — Mr. Edwards is only — his wife has always been the kindest of my friends. I cannot tell you now ; here after you shall know all. Believe me — believe me, there is no one that I love, but — ' She burst into tears and would have left the reom. It was too late ; she heard the passionate declaration of his love, and plighted hers irrevocably in return. A sense of duty, as well as a desire to save Kate from the horrors of suspense, prevented Pennant communicating the particulars of his present position, or the risks he was about to en counter. Their interview was proloned until the arrival of Mike and Harry, and then the lovers parted, the one happy that the denouement was over, heart at ease, and her fate decided ; the other inquieted by apprehensions for the future, and though elated with success, in some measure dis satisfied with his own conduct. Would it not have been better (he now thought) to have awaited his return from the perilous service in which he was about to engage. Should he fall, his declaration would only add to the affliction of her he loved. Pennant had ap prised Kate of the necessity for his imme diate return to his ship, but he cautioned her to conceal his intended departure from Harry and Mike, as the former would at once con jecture that the frigate was about proceeding on some special duty, and the latter might inadvertently divulge a secret which, for obvious reasons, it was necessary to preserve. Having previously despatched his servant with a letter, which, to prevent delay, he said should be delivered as quickly as pos sible to the Captain, Pennant retired, on pretence of fatigue, so that he might be at liberty to leave the Castle sufficiently early to visit the abbey, and afterwards to aeconir plish his journey on foot, and reach tho Ilacer by the appointed time. Colonel Blake, after wandering for some time through the grounds, proceeded, at a somewhat later hour than was his custom, towards the abbey. There he continued to . walk, concceled from observation, between the walls of the ruins and the trees which i shaded it on the river side. He occasionally paused as if to listen, and, as night advanced, I his impatience became manifest. ' I shall remain no longer,' he at length muttered ; ' some misfortune must have befallen him.' ? At that moment Edwards emerged from the i abbey. ' A thousand apologies, my dear Blake, , fop having so long detained you, but I have been beset by dangers, which prevented me from keeping my appointment punctually. Having discovered that Sirr and his myrmi dons were come from Dublin to arrest me, and that they were actually close to my place of concealment, I was reluctantly forced to j take shelter at-.Dunseverick, where, in a few minutes oftor my arrival, I learned that they were hot foot in pursuit. All seemed lost, when dear Kate's presence of mind saved me. She dressed me in her brother's uni form ; I walked about with Lieutenant Pennant, who, of course, did not know me, absolutely under the fellows' noses, until they had ransacked every room in your house. When they left it was too early to venture here, and on quitting the demesne by the mountain side, I nearly fell into the hands of some cavalry, who, no doubt, were destined to give me an escort, and was obliged to remain concealed in the wood until they had left. How I enjoy such hair breadth escapes ! Nevertheless,' he added, in a sorrowful tone, ' this attempt alarms and d sheartens me, for it clearly proves that the Government have at length found a traitor amongst the very few who are entirely in my confidence. One thing is evident, that 1 must at once leave the neighbourhood. A few days more will, however, I trust, put an end to my suspense, and at least secure me from the ignominy of a felon's death.' ' The delay only caused anxiety for your safet}',' replied the Colonel, 'for I know but too well the incaution jvith which you unnecessarily expose yourself.' 'We are at least safe for the moment here, I suppose,' said Edwards; 'there is no one in the abbey, and I have stationed Darcy so that he can command a view of the road aad foot-bridge.' 'We should have been safe from inter ruption even without the precautions you have taken, for few would venture to visit the abbey after night. But tell me at once your object in seeking this interview. Oh, what a contrast between this and our last moonlight meeting on the banks of the Garonne ; then j^ou were a thoughtless, happy youth, now — ' ' Now,' interposed Edwards, ' I am a reflecting man, burning to avenge the wrongs of my country, and determined to attempt the achievement of her liberty. It is need less, my friend, to look back on what has passed, but be assured that I still preserve the same jo3rous spirit which you then so often envied me, and which has enabled me to bear up against the crosses and disappoint ments inseparable from the position in which I am placed, and the cause to which I am devoted. And, now that everything is pre pared for the outbreak, I come to ask you, for the last time, if you will give old Ireland the benefit of your experience, and draw the sword, which won you glory in the service of a despot, to assist her to independence. I come to know if you will take your place amongst those patriots, whose success will enrol their names in the brightest records, or whose failure will be lamented by every heart that throbs for freedom !' ' I am unequal to such an exertion,' re plied the Colonel ; ' my spirit has been sub dued, my thirst for glory has been long since extinguished by my domestic misfortune. I am now but a weak man, whose quailing counsels would only paralyze your efforts in the hour of danger, and whose smitten arm would be powerless in the struggle which you seek. Besides, I caunot adopt your political views, neither do I consider you justified in plunging the nation into the horrors of a civil war, now, when the British Govern ment have greatly relaxed the penal code, and seemed disposed to repeal it altogether.' ' Pshaw!' interrupted his companion, 'do you put faith in their promises, or believe in the honesty of their intentions? They have slightly relaxed their religious persecution, because they dare no longer maintain so hideous an oppression in full force before the world. They hold out the bait of Emanci pation to Catholics, because, through their assistance, they hope to destroy our nationa lity ; but their object once attained, think you they will redeem their pledges, or grant those concessions which their dishonest policy compelled them to promise P Their conduct since '82 should show you what may be expected if the British Ministry succeed in cajoling the Catholics, and buying the Irish Parliament. They will scoff you to scorn when demanding the price for which you betrayed your country, and should they be hereafter coerced into granting you liberty of conscience, and our common country liberty of trade, the one will be clogged with insulting conditions to counteract its practical enjoyment, and the other with well-devised restrictions, to cramp the development of our national resources.' ' But I cannot be convinced that your means are equal to the attainment of your object. You have neither organization nor discipline, artillery nor ammunition.' Cold steel and stout hearts will supply those deficiencies.' ' I feel the degradation of my country, but — ' 'But you will not dare to strike a blow in her defence. Shame upon the man so cir cumstanced as you are who fears to act ! Pardon me,' he quickly added, seizing the Colonel's hand, ' pardon my warmth of feeling ; but when I reflect that I have a wife to cheer my hearth, and children to inherit my name— that I have rank, fortune, aud position and prospects, it maddens me to think that the slaves, in whose behalf I risk the loss of such blessings, should shrink from fighting in their own most holy cause. Enter ing life with all life's advantages, I have, while still young, sacrificed high military rank and a glorious career, in support of: my political convictions — while you, and such as you, hestitate to devote the clouded remnant of an oppressed existence to the sacred duty of obtaining liberty for your altars, and free dom for yourselves.' 'It is useless, I see, to argue. I would still pray you, for your family's sake, to retiect upon your position before it is yet too late. Here your safety is compromised, but it is still possible to escape to Prance, where you can enjoy your domestic happiness until better times arrive, and the influence of your connections can secure your pardon.' 'Pardon for what?'' fiercely interrupted his companion. ' Pardon for having stood up for right against wrong, for liberty against oppression, for my country against the stranger ! Those are not the times, methinks, for truckling to tyranny, when the glorious spirit of freedom is pervading the minds of men, and her sons are smiting her enemies on the plains of Germany. I- seek no com promise ; I desire no recreant safety. Heart and soul I have embarked in a holy cause, and whether success or defeat attend me, in that cause will I live or perish. Three hun dred thousand Irishmen are sworn in and ready. Hourly, I expect to welcome the gallant Hoche, the head of an invading army, and with such resources it would be * blasphemy against God's justice to anticipate defeat.' ? '? . 'My lord ? ' ' Tush, my dear Blake, I have abandoned the use of all such aristocratic distinctions. Call me Edward, as you used to do of old in happier times ? ' Here he was interrupted by Darcy, who said, hastily, ' The wicket-gate has opened.' ' Adieu ! — perhaps a last adieu,' as he grasped the Colonel's hand ; ' should I fall — for I shall never be taken — promise me to befriend my wife and little ones. They would then be, as a matter of course, east oil! by my great and loyal relatives, and my country may not be in a position to protect them.' ' In that depend upon me, and should failure befall and misfortune overtake your self, remember that, no matter what the con sequences may be, my home shall be always open to receive and shelter you. Adieu — ? may God protect you !' The harvest moon was shining brightly, as the sailor servant left the Castle, and set out to join his ship. He had partaken rather freely of the good fare at Captain Jack's, and proceeded on his way at a rapid pace, until he entered the walk, which led through tho pine grove to the wicket-gate . The darkness by which he was then surrounded appeared to affect him, for he walked more slowly, and ' as he advanced looked frequently and anxiously around and behind him. When he reached the gate, and placed his hand upon the latch, his whole frame seemed agitated. He paused for a moment, as if in doubt, then opening the door, ho rushed into the public road and remained fixed there, as if spell bound. After a few minutes, and while evidently labouring under strong excitement, he moved quickly towards the ruin. Turning to enter, he suddenly jostled against Colonel Blake, and uttering a scream of terror, fell senseless to the ground. The Colonel at once recognized the sailor, and easily conjecturing the cause of his alarm, remained patiently beside him until consciousness returned. When the man's opening eyes rested upon him, he exclaimed wildly — ' Spare me, spare mo, for Heaven's mercy, and I'll do justice to you and yours !' 'Cheei' up, my stout fellow,' said the Colonel, ' you are frightened without cause. I'm no ghost, surely you know me P' ' Thank God, thank God,' cried the sailor, as he crouched closer, and looked wildly around him. ' Thank God ! your are not Squire Ulick.' ' Squire Ulick,' repeated the Colonel, in astonishment. ' What do you know about him ?' ' What do I know ? I see him now, as plainly as I saw him the day he left the gaol to be hanged. I know what will make the hair stand on your head, aud I'll tell it, too. Lieutenant Pennant is his son. Yes — before heaven it's true — to-morrow I'll discover all, and prove it ; but not here — not now. I must be off to the ship, or I'll get flogged.' And before the Colonel could interpose to detain him, ho had passed the foot- bridge, and was lost to sight. Astounded by so unexpected a revelation, Colonel Blake remained for some time rooted to the spot, and then, while deliberating on what course he should adopt, continued his walk amongst the yew trees on the river's edge. It was twelve, when Pennant, who had anxiously awaited the appointed time, emerged from the wicket-gate and proceeded towards the abbey. On entering the large archcd doorway, he found himself upon a narrow path, leading to the tomb of the Blakes, through the dank grass and briers, which overgrew the interior of the ruin. A mullioned window in the opposite gable, standing on the outside level with, the ? ground, admitted a ray of liglit., which struck upon the floor, about mid-length, and served to render the surrounding darkness still more dismal. It was an hour and a scene well calculated to influence a vivid imagination, already excited by the apparition at the Castle, and the anticipated discovery of some important secret. The young man remained silent and stationary, until the loneliness of the place, and the excitement under which he laboured, became intolerable. Unable any longer to restrain himself, he exclaimed, 'I am here,' and, after a -few seconds' pause, he continued, in a calmer tone — ' Speak what you have to say, for I have but spare time to tarry, and inay never again have an opportunity to hear.' (To be continued.) ? 