RUPERT DALLAS. EPOCH THE SECOND. S CHAPTER V. Ti? AUTHOR'S NARRiATi'E. "Tim deuce I " ejaculated Wilbyo, in some coniternation. " Why did you not turn the key upon him in the first place 2 " " It was not in the door, or I should have done so," 'was the answer. "I hope no mischief may come to us out of the affair.'" " What do you mean by mischief ?" asked Wilbyo, sharply. "Well, men have boon known to take a fancy to a bullet, or a dose of prussio acid, after they have been cleared out of their coin," remarked the other, coolly. "Pshaw I lhe hasn't the pluck to do it; he'll go. home crying to his mother," an swered the other contemptuously. "Don't make too sure of that; despera. tion will at times give courago to the most arrant coward. I have seen a few things in my time, at the rouge Ct noir tables at Baden and elsewhere, but I never saw despair and death written more legibly upon a face than it was upon his. It was not prudent to drain the poor fool as you have done. Copious blooeeding, but not exhaustion, is my motto. One would think you had some personal spite against him." . " Only think of you turniing tender hearted l" cried Wilbyo, with a .mocking laugh. There was an emphasis upon the pro. noun that brought Brotherton's eyes full upon his companion's face. " If anything did happon," he said, " facts might come out upon the inquest not agreeable to either of us-remember that, Wilbyo." "When one has so much to fear, one ought to be cautious," said Wilbye, with the same snooriug laugh. He had been drinking deeply that night, and the alcohol had warmed him out of his usual cold caution. Again Brotherton fixed his keen glance upon his face. " What do you menu ? " he asked. " I have no more to fear than you have. I am no more tiinid of, danger, and am as well prepared to nicmeeot it, from what over quarter it comes." And he stood confronting his colleague with his arlms folded upon his broad, mas sive chest, with the look of a lion brought to bay. But there was no flinehing in the glitter ing orbs that met his, and not a muscle of the pale, sardonic face relaxed. It was a rattlesnakeo defying the inert vigor of some hugo quadruped.: ' "I do not suppose that.either of us would' show the white feather did danger really come,' answered Wilbyo lightly; "but I hate to anticipate." Soon afterwards Mr. Brotherton took his. departure. Asihe issued from the house he looked round for a cab; there was not one upon the stand. The air was froesh, but not cold; the myriad stars were just beginning to fade before ,thoapproaclh of day. After a moment's hesitation he buttoned his coat up to thetfliroat and set out towalk. ' "The l walk w'ill' do '?ie good," he muttered, "after ,brdaithiug that' infernal atmosphere for. so many hours and drink ing all that brandJ?""'What did that fellow mean by his inuandos? ' e 'seems to know' more than i hlie pretends. I shall out the:connexion at the first opportunity. If I :had anlly weak superstitions about me, IL should have done so long ago, for I have' always': 'a strange, uncomfortable, feeling wihenevePr,, I, am .in his presonce; thero is: something so diabolically cold-bloodcd aboit him'.'. While Brotlcrtdoi tlhus 'inusedl he took his..way 'down Constitution. Hill and ]thence into :auxliall Bridge road. Just as he passed. the Victoria station, lhe remarked a man in advance o.f himiu walking rapidly,:blit swayiung to anid fro as though ho wire' in toxicated.: There was something in. the figure that caught his attention and made hiiiii quicken his linae. It piissed through the toll-gate at the bridge ,just.before him, and he had to wait for a moment, for change. ".That young swell," said the toll-keeper, soeems to ha~vo takeni good'cargo on board. A case of del. trom., I should think, by his looks" . . .ilMaking some hlisty reply Brotherton has toiled oil, suddenly quickoued his pace to a run, and the next moment was clasping in his Herculean grasp the struggling figure of ,a man'...at' ' r.. Spoo'sby. 'It' Was that' of Mr. Spoonsby. Tho blank, sombre house down at Kings borough looked more than ever blank and sombre now, for it was uninhabited, and a bill posted on the shutter announced that it was to be lot furnished. As if anyone would seek at furnished house in Kings *borough I Mrs. hulshtou and her servant had removed to London, to a smnll house in Lamboth-road; and into this hous weu will now introduce the renader. Although it was the middle of June, the bvoning was wet and chilly, and in the gray twilight the bright firo that burned in the grato of the snug, comifortably-furnished parlour looked quito grateful. floated ait the table that :stood in the contro of the room, and upon which were decanoters, glasses, and dishes of fruit, were lIMr. hrotherton, or, as we shall call himu in this chapter James Marsr, and Mrs. Rlush ton. " You think ho is better to- day '?" said Marr, in anmwor to something that had gone beforo. " Yea," answol'rd Mr?s,. lRsllton : " he is nlow in a, sound, quiet sleeoop, and tho doctor is of opinion that he will wakeo froee from fover and delirium. What object lhad you in bringing hint hero ? I have not had an opportlunity of putting the question to you before." " Well, .I told yiu,"'' replied Marr, pouring out a glaus of wine, " how I cautmo uip just ill thino to provent him throwing himself over the bridge into ti river--how he raved and stormed and struggled to get away frolm toe. ie0 was: quito lsid, and hald not the loeast idea who I wias, although i we had boon togother the whole day. With the l5tsitallnoo of atnotlhor mulan, who was ps,:ingl at the tino, I unoecodedl in gotting himt over the bridge, hoe till tho timo uttering the uosto fearful improcations upon cards', hil liardtl, alm ganthIlora, in which ho several timeac mingled Wilbyo'a namo. What was 1 to o with 1im ? I.f I left lim to his fate he would'fall intio the liands of the police. Inquiries would be set on foot, and heaven knows whither they might load. After a moment's consideration I resolved to take chargo of him. An empty cab was passing at the moment; I hailed it, put him in, and brought him hither." . "Does Wilbyo know he's heroe ?" she inquired, thoughtfully. " Not an idea of it," (l sswered Marr. " Neither do I intend him to have any." " 3ut will not this young man's friends be malking inquiries about him ? " suggested Mrs. Rushton-" be setting the police to work to find him ? " "I have prepared for that. The same day that I brought him home I went down to his chambers in the Middle Temple and found out his laundress. I left with her a sealed envelope, in which I enclosed this address, with instructions that should any of his relatives come in search of him she was to give it them, but to them only. To all others, she was to answer that he was out of town-that she was not at liberty to give his address, but would forward to him any communication. I likewise arranged with her that all his letters should be forwarded to this house. There are the proofs," pointing to several letters that lay upon the mantelpiece, "that one portion of my in. struections has been obeyed; and as I for tified them with a donation of half a sovereign, and the promise of another, I have no doubt of the others being as, faith fully executed." "But the woman must have thought them peculiar, coming from a stranger 2 " "Not at all. She has frequently seen me in company with Spoonsby, and knows us to be on intimate terms." " Where do his relatives reside ? " " Somewhere down in 3Bodfordshire I be lihove. I have never 'heard him speak of other than his widowed mother." " A widowed 'mother ?'" " Yes," answered Marr, with a touch of feeling in his tone; " and it is the thought of her that has always softened my heart towards the lad. It recalled my own young days, and the sorrow I brought upon my poor mother." " Has lie no friends in London ? " "No one particular, 'except ia young fellow named Green, with whom he had a disagreement some little time back.""' There was silence for some minutes, which Mrs. Rushton was the first to break. " What kind of a man is this Wilbye ?" she asked, thoughtfully. " Who is he, and how cameo you to make his acquaiiltance ?" "CGeilJy,' gently ; 'one question at a time," said Mrarr, laughing. " However I will answer your'inquiries in" the order you have given them. In the first place, he is the mdst callous- hearted scoundrel I over met, and I have'had some experience in the genus. He 'is a' man who: seems to possess some mysterions power by which he attracts and subdues every 'weaker mind 'hat comes within his influence. IIe has a face like a marble statue-as white, as handsoie, and as' immobile; he has eyes like a rattlesnake-eyes that seem to go right into your soul and fascinate you ; lhe has the figroe of ani Adonis, and dresses it like a D'Orsay.; But while lihe fascinates he repols, and produces upon you the strangest impression, which .I can only compare to that which I used to' fool when a child in listening' to a, ghost story. As to who lhe is,' that I hve? not the least idea, nor have I at present met any 'person who has. lie may.be Goetho's Mephistopheles, Schiller's ghost.seer; or-Lord Byron's vampire, for what I kiow, 'aUd he would admirably suit any of the threeo'lharacters. Where I first meot him was in a West-ond billiard-room. I used to admire his play, and he used to 'admire mine, for hlie is the finest player I ever saw. Instinctively we understood each other. We made acquaintance in the :came clique of' greenhorns. One nighti at Spoboisby's chambers we had cards, and lihe detected 'm palming. Next time we met lie sounded me upon a partuership. Being the very thing to suit me, as one can hunt so much better in couples, I at once closed with the iiroposition." "And now you :say you distrust him ? Why? ", S"onlinot toll;"'answered Alarr, thought fully; "bUit he inspires me with a strange dread, such as I never felt before in the presence of any living man." " Then for heaven's sake break with him," 'ried' his companion in an anxious voice; "or depend upon it he will work you mischief." "Psha I" exclaimed Marr, rousing him self. "I'am too old to be frightened by child's stories." And so the conversation dropped. The doctor's opinion was verified, and when Spoonsby awoke from his long, deep sleep, the fever had greatly abated, and he was restored to his senses. But so anxious was he to discover where he was that next day Marr tholught it best to present himself, and explain all. At the first sight of one whom hle :naturallv re garded as an enemy, the youing man uittered a cr of..l dismay. But aftier a little time Mnare succeedled in canming his agitation. lie told him hIow hle had rescued him from suicide, and brought him thither. " It was ino friendly act to save me from death," said the young man luitterly. "llhave you forgotten youar mother? " Marr iasked. "Forgotten her!" he excelaimed. "It was thinkling of her that drove me mad. lIow can I ever look uipon her face gain ? I have utterly ruinted Iher. To pay my debts she must sell all that she possesse.:. "Biut even that will be not'hine to her cotmpai'd to vi . uillit tion -h .. ... h. .. felt at your death," answerei M'itrr. After . whlile the young man grew cabncr tand expressed his acnowleiutgments for the kindnhess that had been shown him. " But keep Willty away from me," he said in a oterrified voice. " Never, let me seeC that horrible stony face iagain, or it will drfire me toad igaiti." iMarr assured him that thet Ire was not only nio fear of Wilbyo coming there; butn that hie was even ignorant of his btiug there. " Do you know hlis wife ? " ,usIed "I never Iknew hie had cne." answerred Marr cynically. "I believe lie has a do ioestic ailrrallngement somewshere.' "lie has a wife I tell you," answered Spoonshy excitedly-" the dearest, pure-st creature that was ever wedded to a vilhdin ! I too doubted her once, and presumed upon my doubts in a manner that I shall ever feel ashalmecd of. But I no more doubt her purity now than I do the existencee of a Supreme Being." "And where does he keep her ? " asked Marr carelessly, bhut listening eagerly for the answer. " At Hampstead," replied the young man; and thoun farr led him on to describe the position of the cottage. "And now you must talk no more," he said, rising from his seat, "or we shall have you delirious again." And the excitement he had gone through during this interview reduced him to a pitiable state of weakness, and grently re tarded the favourable symptomis which had begun to set in. "I don't see why I should trouble myself to find this wife, or mistress, or whatever she may be," mused Marr. " Only in such cases one never knows what useful informa tion one may pick up; and as I possess so little about my worthy partuer, I do not think I ought to lot any chance escape of trying to pick up a little more." CIIAPTIER VII. BARARA'S8 NARRATIVE. The 'words of that unhappy young man I mean Mr. Spoonsby-would keep running in my heand-" if I had had the courage, I should have put a pistol to my head long ago." Should he, after all, not have re turned home, and should he have gone back to his old life? Then I thought of the fond mother at home, and of the agony she would feel were anything to happen to her darling son. He had often talked to me about her-told nme of her love, her gentle ness, her nobleness of disposition, until, from his enthusiasm, I had almost learned to love her myself. One day I conceived and executed the re solution of writing her an anonymous letter -I know the address in Bedford quite well -begging her to come up to London, and take her son home with her, as lie was fall ing into unfortunate habits. If lie had re turned home-but something told me lihe had not-it could do no harm; if he had not, it might be his salvation. I felt very much easier in my mind after I had despatched that letter. But to return to my own mode of life. All day long I wandered about the country, for I could not rest within doors, uand my only consolation was in the sweet sights and sounds of the coming summer; and the sweet breath of the hawthorn, the sunny blue of the heavens, the bright green of the leaves, and the joyous harmony of the lark would sometimes still even the dull aching of my heart. The companion of these wanderings was my dog. In him at least I had one true friend and a sturdy protector. How lie seeomed to sympathiso with and pity me in his dumb, intelligent way I If I sat too long brooding and tearful, he would place his paw upon my arm and gently lick my hand, as though to recall me to myself; and lie would look up at me with his dark, melaucholy eyes full of sorrow. One evening towards sunset, as I was listlessly turning my steps homewards, I saw a dark, well-dressed man, with a full beard and umoustachle, coining across the HIeathi from the direction of London. My way homewards lay directly across the track lie was pursuing. Wrapt in my own thoughts, I should not have bestowed a glance upon him had not Fido groswled as lie passed. Calling the dog to my side. I raised my eyes, and saw the stranger had paused in his walk to stare at lme: but. as lie caught my eye hlie turned aside his head and walking away a few steps, stood with his back to me, apparently con templating the beauties of the setting sun. " What was there in the man's faice that so strangely thrilled me ?" I said to myself, as I continued mly way homewards. The face was not familiar to me ; but I seemed to recognise the deep-set piercing eyes: they called up a memory that made me shudder, but that could. only be a fancied resemblance. When I arrived at my gate I turned round and and saw the stranger slowly saunter ing along the way that I had come. When the servant laid the cloth for sun per she said " there's a strange gentleman been hanging about the house for the lanst hour past. When I went out in the garden just now he called over the hedge, and asked who lived here." " Did you answer himn ? " I asked, anx ionsly. "I said Mrs. HIarland, mum; I did not think there was any harm in that; he was quite a gentleman." " Did he ask you any other questions ? " I inquired. " No, mum," answered the girl, hesitat. ingly. I did not question her farther, although I felt convinced that more hiad passed between them than she chose to confess. This incident produced upon me a most disagreeable impression, ahhough I could find no reason why it should have done so, foI after all there was nothing peculiar in the circumstance of meeting a gentleman who stared at me, or of a stranger asking a servant the name of her master or mis tress. But it w-as those eyes that haunted me; they so reminded me of those which I had one day looaked up into as I sat upon the trunk of the tree in the Somnersetseire copse. The next morning I was surprised by an earl:- visit from my husband. He looked anxious and worn, I fancied. ie gave me scarcely time to kiss him before he sraid, I" arbara, I have come over this morning " To inak me awar ! " I cried, amnazedly. " Yes; certain events have happpned that render it unide irable for you, to remain here another day." ly thoights inst'ant? revert-ed ato the stranrger whom I h:a mre- the night before. " There was a man met mne on the bheath last night, I said. "BHe stared at me in I tly, ann d afterwarrds crame here and a: kel-d *he s.,rvant, over the :eige, -;ho lived here." " Then he has seenc you i " he echlrimed, eagerly. " lie ! WA t?" I ackei, ;ith1 a siLening dreadi creelg abort my heart. "Youndid not rec.ognise--I mean, you had no remembrance of having s-en him before ? " lie said, with some confusion. " Who was he ? " I ast d, i, a ,n iuis fern and snspen.Se. \\\Wlter pondered for a momenct, and then a.nswercd slowly, " that man was James Mfarr, your father I " I elank back upon the couch : my instincts had not deceived ume. " You say that he had some conversation with the servant 2 " lie said. " Yes." " )o you know what passed between thell ? " " No." " She, then, must know nothing of your removal until you are safe away. I have secured apartments for you in London. We will go out together, as if for a walk ; I will put you into some conveyance, and then return here, dismiss the servant, pack up what clothes you may require, send them away, and lock up the house until I have an opportunity of disposing of the furni ture." " )oes any great danger, then, menace us? " " Would you like Mr. Mare for a visitor ?" he asked, cynically. I shuddered. "From such a man there is always much to be apprehended." I went upstairs to dress. And so I was to leave my little home, perhaps never to see it again. I looked out of the window at the fresh, green land scape, shadowed with the soft haze of the bright May morning; I looked around the little chamber and mentally bade adieu to its walls and all they contained ; I came back into the parlour and took the same silent adicu. It was the scene of all my brief happiness. Before my mind's eye there rose the picture of that snowy Janiary day, when Walter bronglht me first into that room; how bright and glowing it looked in the ruddy firelight, so gratefilly contrasting with the bleak, white coldness without; tand lie folded me its his arms, and kissed me tenderly, as he murmured in msy car, " this is our future home, dearest." It was there that we passed the dark winter dlays and the long winter nights of that first dear week of happiness. Shlould I over again know such a one ? Never, never l A repetition of those days of happiness seemed to me to be beyond all hope. " What are you thiulking of? " I heard Walter say. " Of the first days I passed here," I said, turning my tearful eyes upon him with an appealing look, as though I would recall to iris heart some little sympathy with the past time. But I could see no sign of such in his cold, pale face. He merely answered, " we have no time to lose." As we took our way across the heath towards I.,ondon, I cast one long, lingering look behind, until a rise in the ground hid the little cottage from my sight, and the homeless desolation of an unknowu futuro lay before mse. CIiAI'TBsn VI. BAtlliATIA NAiRiATIVi4 E CONTINUED. My husband had taken furnished apart muets for me in a little, old-fashioned square, hidden away behind one of the great city thoroughfares ; a strange, gaunt-looking old place, that seemed to have been trans ported from some quiet old cathedral town, and set down in this nook. The roar of busy London was heard, dimly and subdued, within its recesses. Its inhabitants were prim, old-fashioned people, whom the world had outgrown, and whom, in feelings and habits, were fifty years behind, and hundreds of miles away from the hustling, eager crowd that surged in the street beyond. I never experienced a. more curious sen sation than when the cab that was convey ing me turned suddenly out of the swarming thoroughfare and its deafening noise into a quiet, narrow lane, and thence into this little square, with its tall, brick-faced houses, the very personification of repose; not a passenger was to be seen, and blades of grass were actually springing up between the stones. A nice. pleasant-looking old lady met me at the door we stopped before and con. ducted me upstairs to the drawing-room ; a good-sized apartment with three windows and comfortably furnished. I took quite a liking to her from the first. Walter had discovered these apartments through an advertisement in the Telegraph. The old 1 dy, Mrs. Somers, let them merely because she did not, like to be in the house by her self, she said ; she and a maid-servant being the only inhabitants of that big, gloomy house. I am wrong in applying the term servant to Rebecca Skaife; who, excepting that she did the work of the house-but for the rough portion of that a charwoman was employed - was treated on terms of per feet equality by Mrs. Somers. She was a woman whose age it was difficult to guess; a woman whose hair, which had once been black, was now of an iron-grey. She might have been handsome once; but few vestiges of good looks now remained. The mouth was grief-strained; there was a downcast, shrinking look in the eyes--a sbame- stricken look that could not meet yours ; her complexion was deathly pale; and her whole face ploughed into furrows, as though by some great trouble. Of course I am writing now of my first impression; I did not then know the history of that sorrow-ploughed counten ance. The place seemed wretchedly dull and depressing as I looked through the windows, so different to the bright little home I had left. I always had a strange habit of anssrolnti iue aspect of places with events; and I could not beli:eve that my fate could be aught buLt gloomy in this place. As 1 L -a:e ?,:id Lh.fore. I found one con solation in -ny liking for the landlady, which greatl; increased upon acquaint On the s:?cond day in my new home I reci.'eied I: y luggage; but Walter did not come hims.e f.By l tat evening's post I r received a .s;or't notes from him to say thati 1h did rot thinl- it prudent to visit me for a f-w days, lout hIe m7iglt be -watched. " Ld. Lt I he ] be va h~-d " I thought. "Then hl:.e v ]i, ! " 'That suggetion grealy puzzk.?da iei. Here was a combuina li,:n- mys; r'-tiljt I could not under EtLnd. It1 . gave e foor d r nfew ihbT.hemt; lbut I need not l.,ord,.n. theer: a.? es i wthl te dobhts a: d Sipecu;:lon of i s period, .none of wh.ch ?j, pro aimrtmd to the truth. On the ?h.c~aud evening Mrs. Sofmer invited me to sit with her--an invitation which I gladly accepted, for mry loneliness was insupportable. I could perceivoe tIlnt I was the object of some curiosity to her, and in the course of conversation she put yearious indirect questions to teo concerning my husband ; whether I was a native of London; how long I had been married. In my innocence of the ways of the world, I had no conception of the doubtful construc tion which might be put upon Walter's not making his permanent abode with nme. All the time we were talking, the attend ant, Rebecca Skaife, as she was called, sat silently sewing in tile recess of one of the windows. Once or twice I caught her strange, sorrowful eyes fixed upon me ; but tile ilistant she ;aw that she was omb served they seemed to shrink back into their sockets again with that peculiar look which I have before mentioned. On the third day I began to feel heavy and languid from unwonted confinement to the house, and that if I did not take some exercise I should be ill. I have ever been a passionate admirer of pictures, and had long desired to visit the National Gallery, to which Walter had more than once promised to take me. I had many anxious doubts and fears before I made up my mind to make this expedition. " Would Walter be angry ? " was the princi pal question. There could be no great harm in it, I thought. I would wear a thick veil and an entirely different dress to what I had worn at Hampstead, and 1 would side the whole distauee, as precau tions against any chance rencontere. " Al, that is right, Mrs. Hiarland." said my landlady, as she saw ume equipped for outdoors; " a little change will do you good." Rebecca Skaife fetched me a cab, and I went, away. Upon arriving at the gallery I bade the cabman. to wait for md. The rooms were a wonderful sight to an unsophisticated country girl who had never before seen any pictures beyond a few old prints and indifforent paintings in a country house. I was awe-stricken and delighted, and in the world of art forgot for a time all my poor griefs. While sitting in wrapt amazement before Turner's Building of Carthage a voice struck upon my ear whose tones thrilled me with amazement. Was I dreaming? was it a trick of my imagination ? I turned my head in the direction whence it came, and there I saw what I could not regard in any other light than that of an optical delusion-my cousin Flora, leaning on her husband's arm and both' of theim intent upon one of Turner's landscapes, were close beside me. I felt quite dizzy at the shock, and stared in such a wild, vacant manner as to attract the attention of the bystanders. A few seconds afterwards Tom turning his head his eyes fell upon my features. " Good heavens I " I heard him exclaim; and turning to Flora, lie cried, "look, dear, look I Do you see who that is ? " The next moment Flora's arms were round my neck, and Tom was holding both my hands. Time people in the room stared at this extraordinary scene, but we were too much absorbed in the pleasure of our meeting to heed the thoughts of strangers. Flora hissed and hugged me, and cried and laughed in her usual exuberant manner, ejaculating, " is it indeed you, Barby ? where have you sprung from ?--who should have thought of seeing you ? " and such like expressions of astonishment. " But, 0, my darling, whatever have you been doing to yourself? How ill and oldl you look, and how dowdily you are dressed ? " she cried, standing back for a moment to con template me. I had not yet been able to get in a single word. " But what is the meaning of your being in London ? " I asked, seizing the moment ary pause. "I thought you were in Jamaca." " O, the horrid place I " she exclaimed, in a tone of disgust ; " don't talk about it.! I should havo been dead by this time if I had stayed thero-shouldn't I Tom ? " "It certainly did not agree with you, dear, " lie answered, doubtfully. " Agree with me !-it was killing me." shle answered, pettishly. " Justfancy, only horrid half-naked black people to wait upon you, and to cook for you I Fancy eating anything that black people touched I-ugh I I was positively starved. And then there were all kinds of horrible insects swarming about you, and dropping into your food; and you know, dear, at home I could never touch anything if a fly had crawled upon it. And then there were talks of fevers until I was frightened out of nmy life; so I made Tom throw up the situation and come home, for what was the good of makling money if you would not live to enjoy it 2 And now, Barby, tell mo all about yourself. O, what a shock it was to me when Aunt Abigail wrote us word thant you had run away fromnt home; wasn't it Tom ? But whateover made you do such a thing Amnd are you really married, or haveo you done anything wieked?-anul who is your huis bannd? " " My darling, it is ilmpossible for Barbara to anuswer all your questions in this placo," put in Tom, as the nimble tongue paused for a moment; " and you are so excited, and speaking so loud that everybody is staring at us." " VWell, lot. them stare," she replied, pet tishly. " I am not saying anything any harm." " Come home with me," I said, eagerly. I have a cab waiting at the door, and then we can have a long chate together." " O, yes; that will be delightful," she cried. " Come along, Tom." " Had not Barbara better come to our lodgings ? " he said. "It may- " " Certainly not," she interrupted, sharply. " I want to see her homo, and her husband, and all about her. If over I propose anything you always opposo it. Now, come along, Barby-and do answer some of my questions. Why, 1 can't get a word out of you." I smiled as I thought of the difficulty I had found of getting any in. We all three got into the cab and drove to .ny lodgings. As we went along Flora continued to ply we with eager questions, and kept up a running commentary upon my answers. S"What l " she exclaimed; "you don't moan to say that you hanve married the vampire I O, la, I mustn't call him a vam pire now that he's your hushand. And does he treat you well? --is he at home now? What! does he go away and leave you ? Where does 1e go ? Why don't you ask him? O, I should. I never let Tom go outside the door without making him tell me where he is going-do I, Tomi ? And you are sure he is not at Ihome now ? Well, I amn sorry for that-and yet I don't know but what I am glad. You know I was afraid of himii; but perhaps I shall not think him so frightful now lie's your hus band." " But why have you not written to some of us ? " asksd Tom. "I wrote to my aunt," I answered, sadly, "iand she made no reply to my letter. I also wrote to you to Jamaica, but I suppose you had left before my letter lihad arrived there." "Perhaps Miss Drin'kwater might have b)een laboring under an error respecting your flight," lie suggested. " She could not," I answered, hastily. " I enclosed her a. copy of my certificate on the day of my marriage. Alh, Tom, you think me, perhaps, wicked and ungrateful for leaving my home thus clandestinely; but listen to what I have to say, and judge for yourself." And as briefly as I could I recounted the story of what had happened at Combe An drew after their departure, up to the day of my flight. Flora was warm and hasty in her ani madversions upon my aunt's conduct. Tom said not a word, but he pressed my hand, and I saw the tears standing in his honest eyes. That sympathy went home straight to my heart. Just about this time we reached my lodgings. "0, what a queer old place," cried Flora, as we alighted from the cab. " How awfully dull I should die here in a week. What a dreadful-looking woman that was who let us in," she continued, as we went upstairs. " O, what horrid old-fiashioned furniture I " as we entered the sitting-room. " Just like Aunt Abigail's. You should see our lodg-. ings in Regent-street. They are charming, and such life and bustle all round us. No wonder, dear, you look so ill, living in this place." " And what are you doing now ?" I asked, turning to Tom. " 0, we are enjoying ourselves," chimed in Flora, who was determined that no one should talk but herself; " at least I am, much against Toam's will, who would like to mope ind spoon in just such a dull hole as this all day, but I won't let him. I had quite enough of that life down at Combo Andrew; and I never would have had Tom if I hind thought lie would not let me havoe my own way. Flora had always been light and wayward in her way and words, but there was a cer tain tone of unfeeling, selfish levity about her now that grated upon my cars. I could not help occasionally stealing a glance at Tom's face to see what effect her words had upon him. It was evident that they gave him pain. I had remarked from the first that he was much altered. His face had lost aill its boyish sunniness, formerly its principal characteristic. There were clouds upon it now, and it gravity, not; of years, but of disappointment. I feared that his mar riage had not brought him the happiness he had anticipated. Flora continued to chat with untiring volubility, scarcely allowing either myself or her husband to speak a word until din ner, which Mrs. Somenrs had procured me from a neighbouriug hotel, was served. "How long is it since you have seen Miss Drinkwater ?" A crash interrupted lmy speech. Rcbecca Skaife, who was waiting upon us, had let a decanter, which she was carrying from the sideboard, fall from her hand. It fell close beside Flora, and spattered her beauti ful silk dress with some drops of the wine. "0, you stupid creature I " cried Flora, jumping up. " You have ruined my dress." " 0, I beg your pardon, ma'am I " she muttered. " What is the use of begging my pardon when you have spoiled my dress ? " ex claimed Flora, angrily. " Fortunately," I said, "it has only fallen upon the lace, and has not touched the silk." In the meantime the delinquent was gathering up the fragments of the decanter, with hands that trembled so violently, and with such a distressed expression of face, that I quite pitied her. " You need not remain any longer, Mrs. Skaife," I said to her, kindly. " I think we can manage for ourselves now." Without a word she hurried from the " Don't let that creature come into the room any moro whens I san here," cried Flora. "I am sure she is msad. Did you ever see any one look so awfully wild? She quite frighteuned me." After this little incident we resumed our conversation, ('To b'' coutilsued.) Lord Penzanco, at the request of Mr. Martin and the Bishop of London, has given his sanction for a new suit against Mr. IMackonoohio for continuing to perform divine service in a manner condemned by the court after his suspension for throe years. As our renders know, Mr. Mack onochio has denied the authority of the court, and taken no notice of its decree. Everything at St. Alban's has gone on as if no sentence had been passed. The ritual is unchanged, and the church continues to be througed, not by mere sightseers only though of course there are such in the con gregation-but by persons going heart and soul with the vicar, and cordially approving the practices for which he had been censured. An extraordinary outrago has taken place in Dublin. A man named John 1Freeman was shot at in Great Britain-street by a, man who escaped. The shoots took effect, one in the head, another in the right arm, aud the third in the hack. Freeman had also received eight or nine dagger stabs. The injured man, who is not expected to recover, says he was attached by three mon, one of whom shot at himi, while the other two stabbed him. Freeman, who had been employcd at the Shelburne Hotel, was mistaken for a man named Daniel Mlc Guinness, who was suspected of beinr a Fenian informer in 1867, and who has recently returned from America. 