The Railway Arevkg emekts. — A traveller having occatioa t> bring a «ase of goods by train from Oeehng to Hamilton, was charged 7s. for carriage. When he pro- tested, be was informed that 4s would be sufficient if the goods wen sent by a luggage" traiu, bat the extra rate wis for the privilege for as lug the passenger tram Thereupon he pointed oat that there was bat one train per day, »ud none devoted exclusively to the carriage of merchandise ;that the train'by. which, he wished to proceel was virtually the goods train The official insisted, however, - that his instructions were imperative zn .the matter, and the 7s had tobe paid. Surely it only. requires attention io be called .to thie . absurd arrangement to enrare an immediate alteration in the right direction, for it simply cannot be intended that a passenger shall pay 75 per 'cent more for banging a ease with him than he would have to do were he to send it on by itself. New Savings Bank — Thus hand some building, in which the business of those who choose to pnt by for a rainy day " will be conducted in future, is now completed, and will shortly be opened. The building, which is certainly an ornament to that, end of the town, was designed by Reed mid Barnes, the well-known metropolitan archi tects, and the whole work wa t executed under the superintendence of Mr. Kingk, "by Mr. Gordon, builder, ftc., of Hamilton, "at a cost of £820. The frontage to Gray-street is 24 feet, aud the depth of thclo! is about 60 feet. The banking chamber is r fine lofty room 24ft. by 22 1., with a polisied cedar counter 22ft. by 4ft. ; strong roon or safe bnilt in with stone aud cemeutid. The inw4o is plastered and finished wire grained oak. At the back of the banldnj room is the board room, ana a spare roon for the accommodation of a clerk who sles on the premises, completes the building. The .windows are all plate glass, and tbc mantel pieces, enamelled slate. The yard, which ia surrounded with a fence 7 feet high, contains the nwnal ont-honscs, wood-shed, Ac., and will be levelled and asphalted. Provision has been made by the andiitects few further extension, should the trustees at say time fed disposed to enlarge the building. Cricket. — To-day, practice Hatches only will be played on the various grounds, ana the Hamilton Glnb will try tleir new matting, which may he an improvement to the pitch, although we are of opinior that if the dab conld arrange to have tie water: laid on, a first-class natural wicket night be obtained. On the 9th mat. a wiyh was played at Harrow between the Pigeon Ponds and. Harrow clubs, the -scores being respec tively 92 and 95. Benson. Donaldson (2), Craig and Pilven played a good game. At Penshur&t; on the same day, Dunkeld sus tained a defeat at the hands of the Mount players, who pnt - -together 51 in the first innings, and 7, no wickets down, in the second, thus almost beating the visitors store of 57, in one innings.. Ioarmonth and Anderson, tire Penshnnt bowlers, shivered the timbers of the' enemy to some purpose, the latter getting 8 wickets for 7 runs, and the former 8 for 30. The victory of the Penshuret team is Ihe result of hard practice, and they will probably be heard of before the end of the season. Taarmnnth, Oldfietd, Foord and Dnfton played well for theirside, as did Collins, Walker, Mitchell and Watson for Dunkeld. London Abtonion. — Mr. , Keonaa- enpplies us with the prospectus of the abore distribution for 1881. The chief prize on this occasion will be a large painting 'by Mr. Oswald Brieriy, called ' The Loss of the Revenge," a work most effectively embody ing a stirring episode of the war with Spain in 1591. Every subscriber will . receive, besides a chance of a prize in tile annual dis tribution, a fine line engraving of the prinj- opal picture. | The College Spoets.— We have reJ ceived a copy of the programme of the aiinuai morts meeting of the boye at -tius-HmaHtotf- College. It comprises the nsiul list of events, and. there ia also an " Old Boys' Race," in which fifteemoE the former pnpils oratiartywteee. "aegaffimirmhrflltakfe xfeoe on Friday, the lSth NoveSer, at the Friendly jiocieaes'Groniids. ." Victoria hag dimg eBd Ae pepit a%i ;bf! j#?ng Urn | Anntvbbsaby Sebkons in connection \- with the Weslsyan Sunday School will be j conducted by the Rev. X J. Watsford, of j Portland, on Sunday next. From what we ! have heard of the rev. gentlemen, a treat is in store for all who willbe privileged to bear him. Land Sale at OAsrEBTON.-On Wednesday .a few lota were offered by Mr. Mbrgan, land. officer, and .bfrie disposed pf .pa, follows -.—Palish of Casterton, 7a 3r fp, at Martha Sealey's 49th section block, within ;HffiflSwnshipbSHrodsiy;rehater,-fee . Adams (nfeSealey) at the npset pnee of £3. Parish of Dewiang, 320 acres, 19th section block of George MDonald ; purchaser, G. M'Donald, «t thenpset price offil per acre.. Pariah of Mooree, 91a 3r 30p, half-a-mile east of Mooree pre-emptive section ; purchaser, Matthew Daley, at the upset price of £1 per acre. The .other lota advertised were hot sold. .. - -- . . ; . Inland Bonds, t— The following ; 13 theprinripalrianseoftirebaiintaodncedby Messrs. Johnstone and Quick, M.L. A-'s, to amend the. Odstoms Act, sofarAs it relates to the establishment of country.bonded wire- honses it. 'The Governor in Counril may from time to time appoint snd abohsh the town of Geelong or any of the boroughs of Belfast Portland or Warrnambool or anyi in land city town or place which is in direct communication by railway with any port as a place in which the Commissioner may .ap-, point wanhooses ot places of eeenrity fer bonding purposes snbject to Ihe payments of euch fee annnaUy'os the CommissionBr may' from time to'time determine to cover the corf of jnspeotion of euch warehouses or places of seenrity ; and in default of payment of such fee by any warehouse proprietor or oconpier the goods bonded in such warehouse may be removed by order." of the Commissioner to any other warehouse; appointed for bonding purposes under this or any Act passed Wertofore relating li> Customs: the. ex- , pense of sueh reinoval shall be chargeable to such defaulting warehoose-proprietor " or occupier and may be mcoveredin a summary -manner before any two Justices of the Peace. Bbass Band. — The programme as. published in onr last issne was gone through m ihe gerfienc on Thursday night, to the amusement of a great number, evidently rent' oh enjoying to>t!5i fell, the moonlight and music. We wonldtadl the attention 'of the council to the feet that some members of the genus larrikin, who apparently have tire one object in life— the annoyance of respect able" "people— wefd rushing about -on "tlttri paths, on the green, on the beds, in feet evincing . quite a happy -disregard "for -.the destruction of plants Ao, or the BhocJra ex- : periehced by peraoiiB cursed with ner ves and sensibilities, A .policeman or two on duty iff the gtypd|s w<mUpra>baUy be a check on e have to acknowledge receipt of a oopy of Mr. R. S. Bradley's English Grammar and the analysis ofisentence&forubpgupigrs;, Mr. Bradley hret pdblishedhi Usdful little wtek,;wehere, uien principal of tnb 8tawell Co1Iege,wnd it has been received with such favour that the preseat"is the "third edition. - ' - , Alleged Forgery. — Yesterday Jas. Bailey, late auctioneer,- of Coleraine,' appeared before Mr. J. P. Hamilton, P.M., aid Mr. A. Lesser, J.P., on the charge of forging and ! Uttering a bill pnrpdrtrog.to be signed by one.. William Thorp, and drawn in favour of Jaincs Bailey, On the' Bank of. Victoria, Coleraine, for £26 10s.. Mr. S. Samuel, as- Bisted by Sergeant Richards, prosecuted, and tr ? 3 the TThsa iw r rrumur apueMcu "»w . t— accused, after a lengthy investigation, was committed to stand liis trial at; the next ! General Sesmons at Hamilton, -the "Bench., offering to accept the same bail as heretofore. Bail, however, was not forthcoming. A,fnll report vrill apptariM onr nextiss.- 5i Bazaar at Casterton. — A Bazaar in connection with St. Paul's Ohinroh, Gnm Creek, was held on Wednesday. The amount taken was over £27, making, with , the funds in hand, nearly £50 to be applied in decorating and lining the church. AH connected with the affair are to be congratu lated on the success of their exertions; ' : = -t Coleraine Mechanics' Institotr.— Three -tenders were received for additions' to' the "above tmilding, ihat of Messrs. Rigby Brothera, at £211, being the lowest. Owing to the unavoidable absence of some of the trustees no tender was accepted, "but it is cxpee.ed tbe matter will be settled in a day ortwo. ... . I a Professor Pepper. — We learn that I Priifessor Pepper has had » most successful sea-1 son at Adelaide. His original intention wasto putin a fortnight there, but be has now been nearly three months, and still is rasping a bar- | vest. It. is probable on leaving Adelaide the Professor will travel overland to Hamilton, and bring not only himself but his ghost, which many Hanultonians were disappointed at not seeing when he made his first appearance here. , \- Hoiheopathhj Medicines.— -Mr. B. j Horwitz notifies that he is now prepared to supply the .above. . 1 Hospital Organ Fund. — Mr. Keep- 1 ing informs ns tirat .the above fond has mow 1 reached £10, and that the sum of £25 alto gether is required. A few- more subscriptions I are advertised to-day. ! The Bailwav Bill.— The . fate of ! this district in the matter of railway exten sion is likely to be settled next week, so far as. the Assembly is concerned. Oar tele grams notify that the bill was in committee on Thursday,, and several of the schedules were disposed of, the routes being altered in , two' cases. The committee -will sit again next week, when the Oasterton line will, be . one of the first to engage attention. , The University Examinations.—" Tiro Matriculation and Civil Service Examina-'l tions in connection with the Melbourne Uni- 1 -veisity trill take place in Hamilton on fYednes : day Detomber: 1st. The following, candidates have signified their intention of presenting , themselves: Alexandra College— Hiss Younger. J Hamilton ;ind tVe£fcern District College — Messrs. j C. Bromfidd,' J. Film," H. Learmouth, H.c Dimock, A. Gameron, H. Destree, and J. Gray for matriculation, and G. HHbnan, VL Murphy,'1 and W. Carter for ike. civil service, flu name ; of the examiner"js not yet known. ' ; A Challenge. — -The -Minister of ; Lands -does , not appear to think the rabbit - nuisance is anything like so great as reported ; to be in the, Malice district. The fact of the j matter is, Air. Richardson made his inspec- i tionby'day. Had he desired to get at thc'l real facts of the case, he should have broken his nsual custom and i topped out ail night, when he would have seen thousands of bunnies in places where, daring the day, s very few are observable. A gentleman who, ' unfortunately fer himself, holds land in that district, is willing to make a wager, the money to be given to some of the pnblic charities, that let an acre of land close to the fehte pursued by tire AEnister. JjeleGced in -arid men engaged to dig down into tire bor rows, fully one thousaud rabbits will "be - brong'ut to light. A Knowing Ecclesiastic, — Aq amnsing story is told about a reverepdgentie- man Who recently took a trip on tire Btiiuea- line Taking a seat in a firstclass carriage he', to all appearance, soon became highly interested with the, contents of one of those little red edged volumes often carried by ecclesiastics, and paid little attention to the other oocupanta.of. the compartxnentj -who -kept suddenly exclaim- ' fog, "Pll go three," 'Til go four," &c.; Sub sequently one delightedly er claimed " IH go nap," and so he did, and won -a good pooh Thereupon the hook was closed, and the pro ceedings of the players more closely watched by the clergyman, who was solicited to take a hand. Tra was done more in joke than, earnest, and the invitation was most unexpectedly ac cepted by tire stranger, who remarked, "i Buppose.ypu.will be surprised to learn that '! too can enjoy a game it Napoleon when the stakes, are not too heavy.4 Play was thereupon resumed, " ana . when tire train reached Kyneton the gentleman in blade, 4aiSSHfW>l,-Hieitinui thought he intended to get out, and he was prevailed npon to jonm & on to Casflemainc, by whkh time he had won another tenner. He then remarked that as he' had nothing else to do that' night hemfehtaa well remain in their company until SanSmrat . was readied, he did so, and '"lniauaiied hi win nings to £30. There tire jouritey ended for Ms rompaninns vriio. inthe hope of getting some of tiren tocm badr, rnvrted.rem to accompany, toma to toem hotel. Then- surprise may. bo nranhunrerondy dtolined the5 SnritatioSd stated he would be happy to entoiain ttiem Ml tire.«ay to Rchuca, to-whhhvp)abe he was bouna. Those gentleman nmier intend to make 400 ?nest andpfetoHylodkBd uponth«r$ovialnen acqnintaneehs averitshle wolf in eheep'e ch)toing,j.ji T:x PRE8BVTERIAN CHtmOH.--nie Rev. A. Barffie. oi : Bitiimmd,Jtehffi'to%n<imw.' Hob -will «Ibo : be afternoon 'iBerYicef tiiree ftp1" 5®"?% 19» ; Mm. Brake, 5. ; Mr. John Greed, 5a, 