QUEEN'S TUtt/.TFF Mr. Leake, the American actor, who for Fiuie tunc past boa been playing to crowded audiences at the Queen's Theatre, was last night tendered a complimentary benefit, when heap- peareu as ltamlct. Ilis previous efforts had been in emotional dramas, in which lie displayed con siderable power, but hist night's performance clearly proved his great strength lies in onaksperian character. Marked with strong and somewhat bold originality, his concep tion of the part was of " a very high order, and showed him to be a close and intelligent student of Shakspeure, imbued with a deep love for the works of the great dramatist. His acting, w had been expected, was thoroughly natural, though in some parts his elocutionary efforts were somewhat stilted — a defect, however, too slight to mar The pleasant impression created bv the whole, n the finit scene, the Danish Drincc.as pouitravcd p ;ir i-cftkc, was a man possessed of a noble, tearless nature, marked by cxlremo sensibility and emotion— traits brought into great prominence during aud after his interview with the apparition . olliis Koyal father. Evidently Mr. Leake has Kmcd the question, " Was Hamlet mad " in the negative, for throughout lie represents him as one no masked a deep purposes under an assumed njnnncr that at times courted a belief in the aberration of his intellectual faculties. Many of the beautiful passages were given with a fire and pathos only to be achieved when tlm heart SL i ?cl2r ls in thu iKUt hc «»«i admiraBou of the audience was expressed V loud and frequent plaudits. At the conclusion riifw r Leake was honoured with a m l before the curtain— an honour that was fairly Mr ? 3?dgc ?? l,is «rst Nlmkesperian effort art' of has evidently the power of genius and 'f1,5? Liraself to the liigliest rung on the e...ln histrionic fame, and his raauy friends in Shii lo sec him in a round of c)lHr',(ile Yhe tragedy was v3 'Laiiri ically well dre-ssed and luouutud. 4 ccMw1«ffCC#.n M,0 .Hie Hues of the Ghost with .bwtuifect, Mcssie. J, Martin as 1'oloneus, H, W, Ernmett as Laertes, and G. Dillon n« Horatio, played their rcspcctivt parts carefully and well. Miss Marion Melrose was particularly pleasant n< Ophelia, and well deserved the frequent rounds of applause with which she was greeted. Mr. J. IE Grcville nnd Mr, Lc&ton;, as 1st and 2nd Grave- digger, were in their proper element, and conse quently highly successful. To-night 4 llamlet" will bo rcjKMtcd, when Mr. Leake apjtcars for the last time (luring his present season. 