SOLDIERS AND SAINTS, OB IQNATIU8 OF LOYOLA AND HIS JESUIT SONS. BY PEUTETBK. [The Melbourne Inquisition—whom Ignatius met on bis way to tbe lockup— the prayer of Don Lopez and the gunpowder explosion — Ignatius leaves Alcala, and goes to the more aristocratic University of Salamanoa —gets into the Inquisition again— " ohained down" for 22 days, and tortured as before—escape of prisoners by night— Ignatius tried, declared innooent, and punished accordingly—leaves Spain and its Inquisitions, and goes to tbe University of Paris, comprising 50 colleges—Igbatias and Calvin at the same College of Montaign—Ignatius loses bis 35 gold dnoats— ' goes into Flanders in tiie " long vacation" Ignatius visits England—gets into the French Inquisition—narrow escape from assassination.] IT seems apropos of these papers on St. Ignatius to remind all my estepmed readers that the Spanish Inquisition was a legal institution, such as we have here in Melbourne, consisting of a polioe court and a supreme court; and, as with us, so with the Spaniards, these police and supreme courts of theirs were presided over by the most eminent professional men. The lower court could hear and decide many cases, as with us ; but some cases _ the police court must refer for decision to the higher or supreme court. Nothing can be more absurd and unjust than the conamon Protestant clamour against the Spanish police and Supreme Courts of Inquisition, that is, courts of inquiry or trial, for such is simply the meaning of " Inquisition." Our Melbourne police court is a court of inquisition, that is, of legal investigation. Our Supreme Court, presided over by Sir W. Stawell, Sir Redmond Barry, and other judges, is a court of inquisition. Protestants rail against the Spanish courts of law, because they repelled the Vaudois, Walden- Bian, Lutheran and Calvinistic doctrines from Spain, and dealt with the books of these sects as with immoral publications. That is why Protestants vilify the Spanish police and supreme courts. Our police and supreme courtB are not extremely popular among the class of persons who " stick up " bush banks, rob stores, forge valueless cheques, and pick your pockets. The Spanish police courts and supreme courts cannot be much loved or respected by those whom it treated as communistic disturbers of the public peace, and foul-mouthed revilers of the religion of the land. It is the Catholic religion that is hated in the hatred of Protestants towards the Spanish polioe and supreme courts of justice, commonly called the Inquisition. I hope every esteemed Catholic reader thoroughly understands this. Ignatius had been a soldier. God called him to be a saint. As a soldier he had never studied theology, and, although he might be a very good saint without theology, he might be a very unqualified preacher without it. He might be worse than unqualified; he might be a denier of Catholic doctrine and a despiser of Holy Orders, like the German sects who had broken loose just then from the Catholic Church. This was the hitch. Ignatius preached and wasn't a priest. What did he mpan ? This was the reason why he was "taken up." He was suspected of being a heretic. When the constable was taking him to gaol they met a grand cavalcade in that narrow street of Alcala. Don Francis Borgia, the youthful Marquis of Lombay, son of the Dpke of Gandia, had come to see the city, and a troop of young nobles were escorting him through the town. " Stand close to the wall, and make way for my Lord Francis," said the constable to his prisoner ; and the young nobleman rode by, carelessly glancing at, or perhaps not even noticing, the mean and ill-elad student who stood aside to leave the road clear for him. Seventeen years afterwards, at Rome, that Spanish marquis was kneeling before Ignatius, beseeching the saint to receive him into the new order as one of his Jesuit sons. You will be in error, my esteemed reader,if you think that Mr. Figueroa, the police magistrate, or officer of the Inquisition at Alcala, spoke to Ignatius roughly or looked fierce at him when he read out that sentence of " four years' transportation from Spain" if he discoursed any more with ladies and gentlemen, and students, and other Christians about the love of Christ, until he had taken his degree. No ! Mr. Figueroa, the Chief Inquisitor of Alcala, was very affable with Ignatius: he was a gentleman of education and kind-hearted. He had his magisterial duties to perform, of course, like all police magistrates have; and he took a friendly interest in Ignatius, now that he was known to be a good Christian and not a Lutheran. " You order me to lay aside this long grey coat, and wear the usual student dress," said Ignatius. " Yes, you must really dress like a student; why not t" replied Mr. Figueroa. " Well, I haven't a penny to buy a student dress with," said Ignatius. "Oh, come: I'll soon settle that for you, said Mr. Figueroa. I'll'give you a note of introduction to Mr. Luoena; a moBt worthy, generous citizen ; you know him." " I know who he is," said Ignatius. So the "horrible-Inquisitor" wrote the note, and wished Ignatius success, -and a new student Buit. Mr. Lucena was very glad to see Ignatius. " Come along,', lie said: " I'll go with you to some friends of mine, and we shall soon get you out of this long grey coat." And as they werp going along, they happened to pass the tennis court, where a large company wak gathered to see a match played by some young noblemen, among whom was Don Lopez de Mendoia. "My Lord Lopez," said Mr. Lucena to him, " for the love of God give me a ducat for this Ignatius herej I assure ! your lordship it will be well bestowed." Now, it so happened that this Ignatius here, had admonished Lord Lopez not long before to lead a better life than he was doing, and the proud young Don had not forgotten the insult. So, raising his voice very loud, he said, "Really, Mr. Luoena, I am astonished to see a respectable burgess like you going about with such a fellow. a* that. May I die by fire, if he does not deserve to be burned at the stake." Many of the bystanders were surprised and shocked at the unseemly vehemence "of such language, and Mr. Lucena and Ignatius went away without further words. Three hours after royal couriers came in haste from Valladolid with the welcome news that the young Empress had given birth to a prince and heir to the throne of Spain. All Alcala was soon in a ferment of loyal rejoicings, and amongst the most loyal was the young Lord Lopez, who went up to the top of a tower at the end of the terrace in front of his palace. There was a cannon on this tower, and so many rounds were to be fired from it to celebrate the prince's birth. As the young lord was in the act of applying a match to the touch-hole of the cannon, which had just been loaded, a spark fltw from the match and fell on a vessel fall of gunpowder that stood olose by, which instantly exploded, enveloping Don Lopez in the blaze and scorching him from bead to foot. With his clothes on fire he rushed down the tower steps, intending to jump into a reservoir of water in the garden, but as he reached tbe brink he fell down And died—died by fire, as he had so rashly prayed to die only tbree hours before. The Arohbishop of Toledo encouraged Ignatius to go to Salamanoa, which had been his own University, and gave him four gold croons to assist in defraying the expenses of the journey, promising also to write to his friends at Salamanca on behalf of the student who had been a gallant soldier and was to be a canonised saint. CaliBto and two other students who had been his companions went on before him to Salamanoa, and when Ignatius came he knew not where to find tbem. Going into a church to .pray, a woman, after looking at him attentively, anked him if his name was Ignatius, and s*id that she would conduct him to the house where bis companions lodged. She had heard them speak of him, and she knew him by the description they had given of him. This was in the spring of 1527, when Rome had been captured by the Germans, the Pope a prisoner in the Castle of St. Angelo, and the whole city given up to pillage for nine months. At Salamanca, Ignatius resumed the same course of life which he had commenced at Barcelona, and which, though forbidden at Alcala, was not prohibited at Salamanca. He conversed with those who came to him, fasted, prayed, heard Mass, made weekly communions, and attracted priests to his "discourses." On coming to Salamanca, he chose a Dominican monk as his confessor, but had only been a fortnight in the city when this priest informed him that the monks of his convent were desirous of speaking to him, and for this purpose invited him to dinner on the following Sunday. Ignatius knew that the Dominicans were the chaplains and theologians and judges in the Supreme Court of Inquisition. He surmised, therefore, that an inquiry into his teaching wouldcome in as dessert after dinner. But to dinner he came, and after that repast, the Sub Prior asked him to come into the chapel of the convent, and there he found several monks. And when all had sat down, the Sub Prior, in a courteous manner, expressed his giatification at all the pious things that had been reported of Ignatius and of his efforts to do good, and would be glad to know what course of study h6 had gone through. Ignatius acknowledged that his studies had been much neglected. " How then do you undertake to preach ?" said the Sub-Prior. " I don'tpreach," said Ignatius. " I only converse in a familiar manner with those who come to me." " And what do you converse about?" asked the Prior. " I speak of Christian virtues, and recommend them; and I speak of unchristian vices and condemn them," was the reply. " But to do this safely," said the Sub Prior, " you muBt have gone through a course of theology, or else you must be taught by the Holy Ghost; and on this point we wish for your explanation. You are only a layman, and yet you act as a spiritual teacher and as the author of a system of spiritual training, which drajrs followers round you." Then addressing Calisto, the Sub Prior asked him why he wore that strange dresB. Calisto was a very tall youngs man with an ungainly figure. He carried a: pilgrim's staff in his hand, had a very .old hat with a deep, flap brim on his head, a, short clo&k; that did not reach his knees,; and boots that oame only half way uphjs.bare legs. He presented a very grotesque appearance. , Ignatius explained that CaliBto, just, before they left Alcala, had given away.hiestudent's dress to one who begged at of- him " for the,love of God." " Chanty begins at home," said the prior, "and your dress and your doings cause a stir in Salamanca, and we want to know what you all mean." " We had better not speak any; more on these subjects," observed Ignatius, calmly. "But you must speak of theiA," said the,prior. ."Then," replied Ignatius, " it is better we spbak before our superiors,'who have authority to hear.'* "Oh! indeed," saidtheprior, "then, yon shall not leave this convent until your Euperiore hear." And Ignatius ahdhis companion Calisto were ordered to retire to cells in the convent, and not leave them until further orders. For three days Ignatius was thus kept in confinement, only taking his meals with the monks in the refectory. In these three days the Sub Prior made out a oharge against Ignatius as suspected of heresy, lodged it with the registrar of the Supreme Court, who issued an order for his transfer to the city prison. He was lodged in an empty room, which had long been disused, over the common dungeon, where he and Calisto had a chain of about nine yards long fastened at their ankles, and so attaohed to a pillar in the centre of the apartment that neither of them could move without the other also moving %t the same time. The first night the two prisoners prayed and sang hymns the whole night through, sitting on the floor. Next day the rumour went abroad that Ignatius was in the gaol of the Inquisition ; and just as it had happened at Alcala, so it oame to pass at Salamanca—scores of grandees repaired to the gaol to comfort and encourage him. Seeing that the saint and his companion were chained in a room entirely destitute of bed, bedding, or other furniture, in spite of the request of Ignatius, his sympathisers sent -in all things requisite for sleeping and sitting on. Many nuns in the city wrote him letters of consolation, and visitors came to him at all hours, between nine in the morning and five in the evening, to whom he discoursed freely of divine things. How it exposes and confutes all the Protestant slanders about the harshness and barbarity of the Spanish Inquisition to read of beds and bedding, chairs and tables, being allowed in as gifts from kind friends, and of a succession of compassionate visitors having free aooess to tbe oaptives lor so many hours a day, bringing food and fruit. Would such indulgenoe be shown in 1880 to English prisoners in Melbourne? When Ignatius was arrested he was called on to deliver up all papers, books, and writings in his possession, and to give in the names of all his companions to the registrar of the Supreme Court. The ohief work he bad was the " Spiritual Exercises." This waB read and scrutinised by the judges. His companions were Cilieto, Artiago, CazereB, and Jean. One night the prisoners in the lower lockup contrived to force the hinges of the cell door, and all made their escape except the companions of Ignatius. This produced a strong feeling in their favour as mon who bad nothing to be afraid of. Several examinations of them took place, but nothing important was elicited. IgDatius was the principal objeot of attention, and after 22 days hewaB brought up for trial before tbe full Supreme Court, of which the Grand Vicar Frias, LL.D., was president, with four other judges, all doctors of divinity. By them he nas questioned on all the leading doctrines of the Church, the Trinity, the Inearnation, the creeds, and the seven sacraments. To every question be answered with a simple, but most solid exactness, whioh nonplussed his examiners. Then they turned to his book of the " Spiritual Exercises," and asked why he, a layman, and, by his own confession, no theologian, had ventured to lay down definitions of mortal and venial sins. " If my definitions are wrong," said Ignatius, "let your lordships condemn them." But their lordships shook their heads, and declined to condemn tksm,—A? last the president hit upon a bright idea, and proposed to him question in canon law. " I never read a chapter on canon law," said Ignatius. "We want no evasions," said Dr. Frias; "answer the question." Then, calling to his aid that profound good sense which supplied the place of knowledge, he answered modestly, and with great clearness, the question proposed. The judges were now at a complete deadlock, when one of them proposed, as a final test, that Ignatius should preach before them in the style he was accustomed to use at his room, and they gave him the First Commandment as his test. Here Ignatius was on his own ground, and with his favourite theme, "God, and the glory of God, and the power of God, and the wisdom of God, and the love of God." His eyes soon gleamed, and his face ROOU glowed, as he went on in that lucid strain of homely eloquence so peculiar to him, and teeming with profound thought. For about an hour he held the Inquisitors spellbound, and when he concluded his " discourse," his judges rose from the table. As each went out, he spoke a few gracious words to the prisoner of respectful approbation. There was no more talk of suspecting Ignatius as a heretic. He was detained in gaol, however, and even in chains, a few days longer, until tne regular order came for his liberation. This order was aocoihpanied by a suggestion that he should refraip from all public expositions until he had finished his college course. Ignatius took this suggestion as a command, and he resolved to quit Spain and goto the University of Paris, which was then the oentre of European speculative thought. This seemed to be the will of Gold concerning him; and bidding all his companions farewell at Salamanca, 1 he proceeded to-Barcelona, where his dear, old friends supplied him with the means of journeying. to Paris, where he arrived,' 28th February628, having performed the journey on foot in the severest part 6f the winter season. It was evident to Ignatius that the society he was destined to construct could'not'be moulded -into shape in'his native land. Spain, by its geographical position, Was cut off from the northern nations, BXA engrossed in her new American -^manicm, : «nd in the conimero^al operations' %iiieh' "this dominion o)pened\tip.' Spaing too,wiwiiot disposed 1 to enter into the great tjufestfcM^ i^aland religiotis, which then fegittted centralEurope, and filled' the 4nin$r J i)f ihe J greatest thinkers of the age. Luther had already become a giant, and with a giant's strengtiihestruckatecclesiasticalandmonastie authority. His books against Monks had emptied half the monasteries of Germany. The inmates fled from them as from pest houses. Fiance, England, and Italy, were menaced with a universal apostacy. In the heart of Paris the great work of resistance must be inaugurated, and Ignatius, on foot, alone, unknown, unprovided, comes as its engineer. At this time, what is now the capital of France consisted of three cities ; the university with no less than 50 colleges and 15,000 students occupied the south bank of the Seine, with meadows, vineyards and gardens intermixed; the CM or island in the river was the royai residence and town; on the north bank, the brick and tile fields (Tuileries) and marshy land reaching up towards Montmartre was held by the nobility and people. The oolleges were divided into four nations, and to those the students from those nations went. Among the professors were some of the best Greek and Hebrew soholars of the age, and tbe reputation of the university was world wide. Ignatius took up his lodging with some Spanish students in the town, and entered as a student in the College of Montaign, of which John Calvin was also a student, though it does not appear they were acquainted. From his inability to speak the French language, his labours and friendships were oliiefiy among bis own countrymen, and, ere long, three students of good families and means undertook the spiritual exercises and resolved to renounce the world and live a' life of piety and poverity. They sold their fine clothes, ornaments and books, and retired into the Hospice of Si. Jamts, in which Ignatius had taken up his abode. He had brought thirty-five gold ducats with him from Barcelona. These he entrusted to a fellow student, who immediately spent them on his own uses and pleasures. This obliged Ignatius to leave his lodgings and go into a Hospice, and to this refuge for the destitute De Castro and the two other penitent students repaired. This step occasioned an outburst of indignation among all the Spanish students in the university, who pronounced it an act of fanaticism, disgraceful to themselves and degrading to their nationality. All the Spaniards in Paris were furious against Ignatius as the guilty author of this social and academic impropriety. Dr. Pedro Ortiz, rector of the college, afterwards the able advocate of Queen Katharine of England, was specially enraged, for De Castro and Peraltawere his own pupils and companions. Just at this crisis the young Spaniard, who had run away with the 35 gold ducats belonging to Ignatius, had gone to Rouen on his route home by sea to Spain, fell sick there, and, being penniless, he wrote to Ignatius to forgive and help him. Ignatius, after much prayer to God, and resolving to perform the journey barefoot and fasting all the way, set out to the sick defaulter's relief, and having nursed him for three or four days, he took him on to Havre and procured him a passage to Biscay. After this Spaniard had sailed, Ignatius was turning his face homewards to Paris when a messenger placed a letter in his hand apprising him that some Spaniards had laid an information against him as a magician, and a sorcerer, and a corrupter of youth, and that now, fearing detection, he had run away from Paris to carry on his evil practices elsewhera; and that he ought to come back without delay. Taking the messenger and two other witnesses with him, he went to a Notary-public and had a certificate drawn up and attested that he had attended a sick man and obtained for him a passage to Biscay. He then hastened to Paris, went to the iDquisitor- General, who was a pious and sensible man, presented the certificate about the busipess that took him to Rouen, and professed himself willing in all things to submit himself to the Inquisitor's judgment. Dr. Levin answered him with great suavity, and said he was fully satisfied with the explanations given, and that Ignatius shoald hear no more about the accusation. The Spaniard, thus foiled, went in a body to the Hospie* where the three penitent students were living, took them by main force, and carried them back to their former oolleges, and exaoted a promise from them that they would live like gentlemen and students until they had finished their college eourse. Ignatius had found that soliciting alms took up so muob of bis time as to impede him in his Btudies, when, therefore, the long vacation oame on, he travelled into Flanders, and applied to the Upanisli merchants in that country to grant him a small yearly allowance with whioh he might support himself and pay his oollejge fees. This plan' was so successful that he went again in the next long vacation, and from Fiandera In 1530-31,' whenlhe affair of Anne Boleyn and the. divorce .nf Henry VIII. from QuetinKatharine was in hot debate, Ignatius crossed over to England and spent a few Weeks in London, where lie was most; kindly received by the S^antah Ambassador and the Spanish merchants, who resided mostly in old Broad-Street. It is to be regretted that ws have nodetailSd account of thistvisit'of St. Ignatius to. England, where..ia after years, so many.'uf Sis Jesuit sons laid down their lives Ml martyrs for thefcttthol Christ's oni tree, holy sOathoMs Churob. But there is reason tohelieve that theBaint prayed %tt he tomb of Sdtaud Itfee Confessor, in; Westminster Abkeyy load that be »1&0 knelt fet the shrfne<ofitft i(s{torifiM St. Thomas of Canterbuitt the* •pitesrtrated, btrtso soon*e <l# " * ' :; r »It ia&tso;^otfti ftjonster, Harty, condemned to slaughter for refusing to tafce the bath of supremacy. Thte year 'after hia return from England, Igiiatius heard of a student being suddenly Belied with some disease. He went to hita, .washed and attended upon him, and then heard that it was the plague the student had. Ignatius was quickly struck in the hand' with the stinging pain which Announces the infection. He thereupon thrust his hand into his mouth, and closed his teeth upon it, saying, "If it be the plague, I may as well have it in my head as m my hand." He held the infected band for several minutes fast between his teeth, and, on withdrawing it, the -pain was gone, and the plague touched him not. After this, when Ignatius and St. Francis Xavier had become good friends, one Michael Navarro, an idle student, conceived a diabolical hatred towards Ignatius because he had won Xavier's confidence and attention, and caused coldness between Navarro and JTavier. Navarro, therefore, resolved to kill Ignatius, and having armed himBelf with a dagger and procured a ladder, he came in the middle of the night to Ignatius's window. Ascending the ladder, he had put &p; his hand to push the window open BO that he might enter his room and stab him asleep, but as he extended his hand a voice, as from the air, whispered, " Ah. ! thou wretch ! what art thou about?" Navarro, terrified, pushed open the window and sprang into the room and calling Ignatius, fell at his feet, disclosed his murderous purpose, implored his pardon, and handed him the dagger. 20th January, 1880. 