The later newe received from Afghan, istan is satisfactory, so far as it goes to show that General Primrose will be Able to bold bis own at Candahar against Ayoub Khan until relieved by General Roberts and the other forces now maruoing to ms nggmrjiTiee it does not, however, appear at all pro bable that the Afghan war will be' speedily brought to a close, or that the ultimate gain will be at all commensu rate to -the loss of life and money. Indeed we have always thought that commencing the war at all was a most gigantic mistake on the part of the Beaconsfield Cabinet, and - it is very much to be regretted that the advice tendered to the Government by Lords Lawrence and Northbrook was not accepted, their previous experience in the impoitant position of Viceroy of India having taught them caution in ' dealing with the warlike races of Afghanistan. Jealonsy of Russia and the refusal of Shere Ali to receive a British envoy at his capital formed the first excuse for commencing the strife, and then came the rdesire for "a scientific frontier" against the daily in creasing power of Russia in Asia. An : increase of territory was, it was said, not intended, hut whether so or -not, there is no doubt it was included in the treaty of Gandamnk,- which : led to Major Cavagnari bang sent to Gshul as British Envoy, and 'the subsequent murder of himself and suite. Under tiiis treaty Ayoub Khan was to receive an allowance of £120,000 per awniiTri 1 but it soon became plain .to -the Af. ghans that the -Envoy was -not only to : he an ambassador; but virtually ai rulo- of the oountry; hence his daughter. To ave passed over.;ihe murders on- . noticed would have been bo damaging, to British prestige in Twdfo. that a second mutiny -would probably have arisen. Thus the desire to secure pj scientific fcpntier in the first in stance, 'when this old boundary line, with the Khyber, Bolan, Sbutar- gardan, Peiwar, and other ptussies fortified, would have rendered TtiVUb as safe as it was possible to make it, - has led to hostilities which have now extended over a period of nearly two ytoto, having commenced in November, 1878, and has been the means - pf, wasting much blood!and treasure.' : So - much of the latter' article, in foct that a "deficit of £7,000,00(1 has been nm—i #nj toi>Ui(anxi9one7;,ihe cost lias ex- \- needed thefirst estimate iy X9,000,00 and before everything hna been sdtis- factorily settled, nlaiiy more millions will have to be expended. But if the Beaconsfield Government blundered in commencing the war, the Gladstone Ministry equally blundered when, following up the policy of " Peace-at-any -price," without apparently thinking for one moment of the critical positions occupied by Gene ral Roberts and other bodies of British troops in Afghanistan, they sought to bring the struggle to too abrupt a ter mination. This inspired the rude tribes with more confidence than they would otherwise have possessed, greatly bene- fited the discontented Ayoub Khan, led to the defeat ®f General Burrows, and caused many to fear another out break in India. By their " penny wise, pound foolish" doctrine they im perilled onr Empire in the East ; one more such victory as that gained over General Burrows, and we should pro bably hear of British troops being im peratively required nearer Calcutta, Bombay, and Madras, than Oandahap. It is chiefly by prestige gained for us by the valour of such Generals as Gough, Hardinge, Have- lock, lawrenee, and their soldiers that we retain so firm, and, com paratively speaking, cheap and peace ful hold of India. ; the j natives look upon ours as the best soldiers in the world, once disabuse them of this belief, and the retention of that portion of the British Empire will be a more difficult matter than ever. Again we fear that in the selection of Abdur Rahman as Ameer, another, great mistake has been made. For twelve years this man has been a pensioner of, Russia, £5000 a year having been his" price. Of course the Russians did not allow him £5000 per annum for nothing, he must have promised them his influence in Afghanistan, or some other return for the money. If he is now true in his professions of faith to the English, he must be selling the Russians, and this being so, they have only to offer him a higher price than England, and he will quickly turn round if he can manage it with any degree of safety. This he will be able to do when the BngHsl' troops shall have been with-' drawn, and we shall then have the consolation of knowing that if we wish to regain influence at Cabul all the work will have to be done over again. Since General Burrows' discomfiture, however, the present Imperial Govern ment have shown a determination to be victorious at all hazards, and we trust that the end of the war is not far distant, but we should feel far more confident this very desirable object would be quickly achieved had any other man been chosen as Ameer than the Russian pensioner, whom it would not at all surprise us to see join his forces to those of Ayoub Khan did he think there was the ghost of a chance of being able to crush the British. It will be seen by advices received last evening that Ayoub Khan, having left what he considers to be a sufficient force to watch Candahar, has started with tiie balance of his army to inter cept General Roberts, who has, we believe, 10,000 men under his com mand. "Were all these British troops we should not feel the slightest anxiety as to the result, even were Ayoub Khan's army three times as numerous as it is said to be. Unfortunately, however, this is not the case, and the issue of the expected encounter will therefore be awaited with no small amount of interest. Should General Roberts succeed in ad ministering a crushing defeat, it will be the means of cementing the alliance be tween Abdur Rahman and the Rnglinl at any rate for a while, until Russian influence has regained its away at Cabul, and the Afghan war will be virtually over. On the other hand, if anything less than this occurs — if Ayoub Khan can even manage to arrest General Roberts' onward course for a short time, the men who recently left to return to their homes will pro- : hahly re-join, as also will other con tingents from the many tribes of Afghan, in the hope of securing plunder. Al though, however, we say the issue will be awaited with interest, we doubt not General Roberts eventually will, if pro perly supported, give a very good ac count of the foe. 