Beview. The Letteeb op Charles Dickens.— Edited by his Sister-in-law and his Eldest Daughter. 2 vole. London : Chapman and Hall, 103, Picoa diUy. The life of Charles Dickens, by the late John Forster, is, on the whole, an unsatisfactory perfor mance.* Carefully nnd lovingly as the eareor of the great novelist is traced ' from the cradle to the grave,' a more perfect record might have been expected from the hand that has left us so charm ing a biography of Oliver Goldsmith. The cardinal fault of the former work is that it presents only a partial likeness of the man. Between tho reader and DickcnB the somewhat oppressive personality of Sir. Forster is too per sistently obtruded. What was wanting in Mr. Forster'a narrative has, however, been supplied in the two goodly volumes of Dickens's letters which, edited by his sister-in-law and his eldest daughter, assisted by Mr. Wilkie Collins, have just been published. We often hear it said that letter writing is almost one of the lost arts. Un doubtedly good models of that most difficult species of composition were more numerous in the age anterior to the railway and the electric wire ; when newspapers were yet in. their infancy, when special correspondents were undreamt of, and when it took a longer time for people living 40 or 50 miles apart to communicate with each other than it now docs to Watt a Eigb from Indus to tlio pole. But Charles Dickens might have lived in the days of Pope and Lady ilary Montague, or of Gray or Horace Walpoli, and easily held his own. He was a born letter writer. No man of the 19th century, with the single exception of Byron, dis plays in his familiar opistleB so much power aud originality. They abound iu descriptions as graphic, in sketches of character as felicitous, as quaintly humourous as any in the novels on which his reputation rests. The great charm of these letters is their freshness and spontaniety. They give ub the first ' sprightly runnings' of his genius , the th xighte traced by hiB rapid pen as they might have 'flowed from his lips in conversation. The first- letter ia dated 1833, when Dickens was in his twenty-first year, busily engaged as a re porter on the MonNiNG Chronicle. During the ensuing three years ' The Sketches by Boz' were produced. In 1S3C he was married to Miss Catherine Hogarth, and the following month of May appeared the first number of Pickwick. How prodigious waa its success all tho world knows. At one bound the young author became famous, andwas universally hailed as tho legitimate successor of Fielding, Smollett, and Sterne. Long before Pickwick wns completed Dickens had accepted the editorship of 'Bentloy's Miscellany,' to whose pages he esntributod ' Oliver Twist.' Charley Bates and tho ' Dodger' were soon as great favourites with the public as Sain Weller aud Mr. Jingle. His matured genius produced more perfect works as n whole tlmn Oliver Twist, but there are passages in that story which he never excelled. Indeed it woidd be difficult to find anything in his subsequent writings which coold be compared to the appalling description of the murder of the poor outcast Kancy, and the flight of Bill Sykes. About this period many of the firmest friendships of his after life wore formed, with Macready, with Daniel Maclise tho painter, with a host of literary, artistic, and political celebrities. Tho wonder ia that, lionised everywhere as ho was, with such buoyant animal spirits, so keen a relish for enjoyment, so gonial a nature, and still under thirty years of age, that he was abla .to get through Buch a quantity of literary work ; ' Bavuaby ltudgu,' ' The Old Curiosity Shop,' and ' Nicholas Nickleby ' following each other in rapid succession. The hard struggle of his boyish days had taught him a useful ToBson, and ho' remembered it to his latest breath. Patience, perseverance, self-reliance, all the stronger traits of his character were developed amidst the rough experiences of his childhood and youth. It has been well observed that if Master Diokens had beon at Eton or Harrow, instead of pasting labels on bottles in a blacking establish ment, a whole gallery of iniinitablo portraits would liav* been lost to tho world. That familiar knowledge of his humbler fellow-countrymen would havo been wanting ; he never could havo depicted them with such fidelity, such exquisite drollery, yet tender sympathy withal. Dickens's writings had become Immensely popular (ns they stul continue to be) with ' Our American Cousins;' and in 1S12 he visited them for the first time. A passage acrosB tho Atlantic forty years ago was by no means the pleasant excursion which it ie ut the present day of gigantic and fast-sailing steamers. Acoompitiiied by his wife, ho sailed from Liverpool in tho steamship Britannia. Tbeni'commodation ou board the Britannia was rather limited. ' The ladies' cabin is so close to ours,' writes KickenB, 'that I could knock the door open without getting off something they call my bed, but which 1 believe to be a muffin beaton flat.' Tho Americans welcomed liim with a per fect furore of enthusiasm. Everywhere he went throughout the Union admiring crowds followed him. If ho entered a theatre the audience would rise and cheer him till tho rafters rang again. Hundreds of people used to surround his carriage and escort him home. His table was piled with invitations to public dinners from nearly all the towns and villages in the States. But Dickens's impressions of America were, on the whole, of the most unfavourable kind. Hislctterstohisfriends in England express in tho very strongest language his disappointment at finding|that too Great Re public was so different from tho republic of his imagination. Like the Irish poet Moore, Dickens became more reconciled to the monarchical system of government after witnessing those abuses which caudid and enlightened Americans them* selves confess are the reproach of the democratic institutions of their country. The free criticism of those institutions in the ' American Notes' was ns bitterly resented on tho Western side of the Atlantic, as Moore's poetical striotures, in his ' Odes and Epistles,' had been in the early port of the century. In truth neither the poot nor the novelist was capable of judging impartially. The emotional and the ideal predominated over the philosophic clement m both. They couldnot pene trate below the Burfaco, and could only see tho anomalies and imperfections which deeporthinkers would have regarded aa merely temporary phases of an entirely now state of society, in a nation in which the work of construction was still going on. To Macready, the actor, Dickens writes from Baltimore : — You lWe tare, &acrftA47;, ss I bave aomctinee baud 7011 imagining! Yvu. Loving youwiti all mrheurl nnd noul, aud knowing vrhut ynur JlspoBition really ia, I would uot condemu you to a yeax'6 residence ou tliis Bide of the Atlantic for any intnej. Freedom of opinion 1 VVLere ia it P I soo a Press mure mean, paltry, eillr, aud diBfrraceful than ever I knew. If timt in its standard hero it in. Mat 1 spsiik of Bancroft, and am advised to be illent on that subject, for us ia 'ablnck Bbaop— a Domoctat.' I speak of Bryaut, and um entreated to l-e nioro careful for tbe Hume reason. I biwak of international copyright, aud am implored not to ruin myself outright. I speak of Hiss Mnrtiacau, and all parties— ulave upholders and Abeli tionibte, Wbif*., Tyler Whig*, and Doinoorats— ebower upon me aperfaatcataractof abuse. 'But nliat has she done? Surely abcpr&ifcfld; America enough!' ' YcB.lmttihe totdusoCiomoof oar faults, and A-ujcricaas can't bear to be told of their fanlte. Don't Bullion that rock. Mr. Dickens don't write about America; wcunt very suspicious.' Freo domofopiuionl UucreaAy, U I *'id tecs Lorn Lore and had written mj hodke in this cotintry, producingtlicm with no stamp of aitprpral from any other Jaud, it is my solemn belief thit IsWldhavelived and died poor aud unnoticed, and a' black fibeep' to boot, i never waBmoracoBvinocdof anything than I am of tbftt. The raijilt are affectionate, peneroua, open4i«arted, hospitable, eithaBiaptic. rood hnmourcd, polite to women, frank and csndid to all titmngeTG, aniriQUB to oblige, far less prejudiced than tbey liaie been desoribed to be, frequently poached ani refined, very seldom rude or disagreeable. 1 have made asreat unity friends bore crcn in public conveyances, whom I have been traly sorry to part from. In the towns I have formed perfect attachments. I have teen none of that greediness and indecorousness on which travellers have laid so much emphasis. I hare returned i mnkneea vrith franknetiB; met questions not intended to be rude *rith nnpwcrs mcauL to bo satisfactory, and hnve not spoken to on* man, womoa, or child of any dsgreo who has not grown uositirnly affectionate befor* we narted. ? ? ? ? You know 1 am a tnie Liberal. I Wieve IfcnreaslittleprideoBmoitxnon.und I am codbcIohb of not the smkHcrtiuiBsrauce from being; 'hail fellow well met' vita everybody. I haFe not had greater pleasure ip tbc company of any sat of men amese the thousands I have received (I kola a regular lerce every 'day, yon kuow, wkich is duly heralded and proclaimed in the newenanen), than iu that of the carmen of Hertford, who Jirpscutcd themselves in a body in their h\ve frocks amonga«rbwd of well dresucd ladies aud gentleman, and bade me welcome through their BpokcEnnui. They had nil road my booknuid all perfectly understood them. It lunottheie thinge I have in my mihd when I twv that tup nan who comes to this country a radioal and ffoo; home ojrain witil his opinions unchanged roust bo a radical, on reason, sympathy, and reflection, and one who hits so wall.comddfiredrto aiibjeot that lie has no ohaice of wavering. ' . Dickens did not profit fey the advice of his Boston friends, who cautioned him about telling* the Americana of their faults. The 'American Notes ' were only a mild pre lude to 'Martin Chuzzlewit,' the satire of whick was Tery indignantly reBented by the objects of it, though it 1b only fair to admit that, after tho first feelings of soreness had been got over, none, laughed more heartily than American readers at the fun of the book, and its grotesque exaggera tions of their national foibles, Aft&s; returning from his American totir, ho resumed his labours with frash ardour, each new serial adding to his reputation. Politics for a while appear to have attracted him, and he hod serious thoughts of en tering Parliament. He might have partially suc ceeded in the House of Commons, tor he waB a fluent and forcible speaker; 4put, happily for his fonie, he confined hiixiBelf to that vocation m which, he had no superior. Tho majority of us now pro-, bably have ob little curiosity to learn what; Dickens's views on politics, whether English or American, were, as we have with respect to the; political opinions of the author of 'Tom Jones,'1 or the author of ?' Eoderick Kandom.' In 1844, he set out with hia family for Italy ; eaw the carnival at Borne ; spent some weeks at Naples, and ascended Mount Vesuvius. Agraphio account of this ascent, and its attendant perils, ia given in a letter to Mr. Thomas Mitton : Yesterday evening at 4 o'clock we began (a small party of six) the ascent of Sloimt Vesuvius, with six saddle horses, au armed soldier lor a guard, aud twenty g-uides, tbo latter rendered necessary by the surenty of the weather, which is tn-oator limn bag been known for twenty years, and has covered the precipitous jrnrt of tho moun tain with deep snow, the surface of which is^hzsd witk one sheet of ice from the top of the cone tu the bottom. lly slurting at that honr I intended to fret the sunset about half way up, and night ut the tor) tchefe firs is raffiic It ivus uu inexpressible lovely night without a cloud j aud when the day was quite pone tho moon (-within a fow hours of the full) came proudly up, showing- tbo sea, mid the Bay of Kuples, mid the whole country in euob lnujesly au no irotde can «x]ira&a.; 'We rod* to tb.e beginning ol tho snow and then dismounted. Catherine aud Georgina (his eister in-low) wore put into two litters, ju«t chairs with poles, like those in use iu Emrlond on the 5U November ; a fat English mm who was of the parly iras hoisted into a third, borua by aifht mou. I woe a«coinuiodated.witli atcu^h utick, and we bev&a; to plough our way up. Tha asceut was nearly perpeDdicular, * ♦ ? ? HifUlbofore us, bursting-out of ahillatthutopof tbaiDountaiuB, tbefiruwns pouring out, reddening tho night with flames, blackening- it with smoke, and spotting it with red hot stones and cinders that foil down Bgsiu in showers. At every ettp everybody tell, now inio a hot chink, uow into a bed of ushss, now over a mass of cindered iron : aid the confusion in thedarknei-K (for the smoke obscured the moon in this part) and the quarrelling1 and shotting and roariag of the guides, and the 'waiting «vcry how undtbftu for «oitubodj who wrb not to bt found and woe supported to lmvo stumbled iuto some pit or other, made such a scene of it as 1 can give you no idim of. My ladioB wcrs now on foot, of course; but wo dragged them on as woU us wo could (tlnj were thcrough pine and didn't make the loaet cemplaint), until we got to the foot of the topuiont bill. Hore weall ?toppud; but the head guide, an English gentleman, of tbo naioo of Qros— who him boen herfi for luauy tcbjk, aud has becm ui- tho mountain ahundredtimek,andjGurhuwMeicrv&iit; rusoWtid (lite ja.kasses) to climli that hill to Uio brink, and look down into the cratir iteolf. You mar form bouic notion of what it f;oine on iuldc it, when I toll yen that it is » hundred feet liifh.r than it was six weeks ago. Tho soasation of struggling up it, ohoked with nro and smoke, and feeling at every st«p as if the crust of the ground bc tweoa. onu's feet aid the gulf of lire would crumUc iu and ewallo* one up (whick is the real ducor), I nball remem ber for Eome little tinia, I think. But we did it. 1V» lookod. down imto tbc flaming bowels of tho mountain aud cume back again, alight in balf-anlozou placus, and Imrut from h«ad to foot. You never aaw Buck devils. And I nevor taw anything bo awful and terrible. Of hii many trips to the Continent we have pleasant records. Several of his works had been translated into French, and had become veiy popular. Monsieur Dick-in was eften agreeably surprised) on entering a shop and presenting hia card, to find himself recognised as the celebrated Ecrivain Anglaisc. Dickens, from his boyhood,, waa an inveterate play-goer. In London and. Paris his great tiulight, after a day of fatiguing brain-work, waB to spend a fow hours in the theatre. His own dramatic talents were of a superior order, and, had he taken to the stage, be would havo won a foremost place among contem porary actors. The veteran llacre.idj confessed that he had never seen anything like tho effect produced by Dickens's readings. With the most delicate appreciation of histrionic art, in its highest form, Dickens, owing to his strong sense of the ludicrous, fult a certain pluasure in seoing tho moBt aiisurd travesties presented in minor theatres. He wrote to tho Eev. Edward Jagart, from Paris, in 184,7— Do you care cr French news P I liopo not, because I dou't knowany. Therein a luolodraam, culled tl-o ' l-Yunch lloyolutjon,' now playing ut tbc Colque, iu Hie first act of which there is the mast tremendous raprewculatiou of a jieople that can well be imagined. There ana wokdi'rful battles and so forth in the Jiiuco, but there is a power and matisivoueiis in U10 mob whioh is positively uwfu] At anothortkeatro,'CUriuallai'lowe,'iciitilltheriii:c. Tlmre nro some tluugs in it rather calculated to nbtnuUh the ghost of UicbardEOU ; but 'CluriKBa' is very admirably ployed, and dies better than the originul, to my thinking; but Riclmrdsnn is no gwat favourite ot mine, nutl npver pccmH to me to tako hiB top-boots off whatever lie does. Several rioeeKareincourseofrcprcHcutat-ion, involving r-tro Eortniitsof tlie £»Blisli. Iu 0110, n servant, called 'Tom ob,' who weare a particularly EtigliNU wniptront Irimitiodl with gold lace and concealing hi* aubles, does very couil Uiinjsimlccd. In a»othor, a Prime Miiisler of England, who has ruined Lim&clf; by railway speculations, hits off some of our natural characteristics very happily; frequently making iucidcntal mention ot ' Vitt-inlnewter,'' ' Ifewen. street, ' aud other places with which you are well ac quaiutod. 'Sir FaVsou ' is one of the characters iu unotuer play English to the core, aud I saw a Lord Wavor of London at on» of tlio small tkentrcs the other nieht. looking uucdimuonly well in a t*tagc- coacliin&n;'gwuistcoat the Order of the Sorter, and a very low-crowucd broail trimmed bat , not uulike a dutitiao.u, Dickens had occasionally given readings for tho benefit of charitable institutions, but not till 1857: did the idea occur to him of giving thsui for his own benefit. Their success was enormous; in the chief cities of tho three kingdoms, wherever be appeared, crowds were turned tiway from the doors. These exhibitions he felt to be most ex hausting on his mental and physical energies; they undoubtedly shortened liii life, but inde pendently of their money value they had a fasci nation for him which he could not resist. In 1S01, a very tempting offiir was lnmle Mm by MeBars! Spiers and Pond, then of Melbourne, to give a scries of readings in the Australian colonies. The terms wero very liberal, and' Dickens at first was disposed to accept them, encouraged by the advice of his friend tho late Lord Lytton, who reminded him that a voyage to the antipodes aud a little experience of colonial life would supply him with splendid material for future creations. The project, however, fell through. Dickens passed a few days in the Irish capital in 185S. Ho felt Borne doubt at first as to whether he would be properly understood by aa Irish audience, but the i-xperienco of the first night, when he read a scene from Dombey and Son, removed his misgivings. On returning to his hotel he found the ' boots' standing at the door to receive him. ' What Bart of a bonne, sur?' he asked me. 'Capital.' 'The Lard be praised, for the honour of Dubliu.'' No light is thrown in these volumes on Dickens's separation from his wife, which, however, accord ing to Mr. Porster's statement, was solely occasioned by incompatability of temper — tho lady being the less in fault of the two. Mrs, Dickens died on the very day these letters of her husband were published. Diokens reached his highest mark as a novelist iu ' David Copperfiold,' there was a manifest inferiority in all his later novels. Even the style was wontin'- in that ease and vivacity which distinguished^ his writings from ' Pickwick' to ' Copnarfiuld.' ' Little Domtt' is tedious and dull. ' The Taie of Two Cities,' -which he believed to be his mas-, terpieco, borders too much on the uiclo-dramatic In 'Great Expectations' he broke frenh ground. In ita sensational incidents it rivals any of Wilkie Collins'6 or Miss Braddon's efforts ; but it is only hero and there that it is lit up with flashes of the old humour. 'Our Mutual Friend' is marked! by similar defects.' In the letters, on the con-/ trory, Dickens is always himself. There is hardly one of them, even the nipst trivial, in which the author of ' Pickwick ' does not stand confessed, as, for instance, in a hurried1 business note to Mr. Wills, the sub-editor of 'Household Words,' we get the following drolL postscript : — ' A. foreign gentlemen with 0, heard, name unknown, but signing himself ? A FeUow Man/ and dating from nowhere, declined trvic&J; yesterday to leave the house for any less co« sideration than the insignificant sum of j£20.' Notwithstanding ' American Notes ' and 'Martin Chuzzlowit,' Dickens'ssecond visit to America, was a complete Uiuraph. In a letter to Mils Dickens he gaily relates ? how lie spent the last evening in the steamer which took him to lioston -.— We haaimeoch.maVliigandaluBvnEraUieKUo™ «5 «-» Cnli»,»fter fte last dinner of UievoyaRO. I think I hare aoquiroda JUdwr reputation from drnwiup; out the Capttin *'i EfU'!* Mm to tujte the nocoud in ?? All's Well ' ana fikewiso in ?? There's not in this Wide World'' (.tout parent takinir first) than from iwythinir pMrioMlv known otmeontheMiJioreTi. Ihope tuc rfteci )f thsMi wbiawnentE but not aim the Instre of tile reaaT. tops. We also sang (wifh ?- Chicago lady udVitnw mfudoij woman from 1 don't knovTwharo) 'AuldSanl pyne.' witka tender melancholy, expressive of having all tour been united from our cradles. k The first reading in Boston evoked the wildest tenthusiaBm.asmucii as 20 dollars beingoffered for a place. The representatives of the Leading New York papers bod orders to telegraph columns of description. In all the other cities it was the same. But the strain was too much for Dickens, and we find repeated mention, in his letters home, of how prostrated his nightly exertions left him. Alluding to the remarks which the papers made with reference to his extraordinary oomposure in presence of the vast multitudes the 'Headings' drew, he says, ' they take it rather ill, and seem to imply that it would be taken as a suitable compliment if I would ebapger on to the platform and instantly drop overpowered by the spectacle before me.' His last publio appearance as a reader was in (London, January, 1870. A few months after, in June, the end came suddenly, while he was busily Employed on his serial ttory, ' Edwin'Drood.' A *our critic once said, that a century hence 'Pickwick' will require more notes than th« Dunciod. The wit and humour of one .generation, it is true, becomes obsolete land unintelligible to the next, and it is not un Jikelythat posterity nay relegate Dickens to a somewhat lower place than that assigned him by Ihis contemporaries. But these admirable letters will assuredly form a part of that selection from 'his writings which is destined to preserve a per manent plaoe in Knglisn literature. 