AUSTRALIAN ELVES. BARON THIMBLE. A winter night, with a thick fog rising abjve tbe Sandridge marshes, and spreading itself over the City of Melbourne. People released from toil, were hurry iDg home to tea and a pleasant fireside. Others, who neither toil nor spin, and had no h^me or fireside, glided slowly and noiselessly through tbe mist like ghosts, or stood shivering before the damp window panes or lit-np shops and dining-rooms, feasting their hungry eyes on the good things within. Business in the city was very dull, and money very scarce. Money is scarce at all times with a great many mortals, I am aware, bat the present depression was felt everywhere throughout the colony. Tom Brock, the barber, standing in hiB little shop, at the correr of Gertrude-street, Fitzroy, felt the hardness of the times as keenly as any member of the community, inasmuch as Tom had a large family of growing children to provide for, and customers had been anything bat numerous of late. Indeed, the poor shaver was beginning to.think that the primeval fashion of suffering the hair and beard to grow in wild luxuriance on the heads and faces of his race bad become the order of the day, and from henceforth he could exclaim with Shakspeare's gallant Moor—Othello's occupation's gone. On this winter night the barber was alone in his shop, busy stropping his razors for want of more lucrative employment. Like most of his craft, Tom Brock was a great talker. It was part and parcel of his stock and trade; and by the way, it is wonderful to note upon what a variety of subjects barbers can talk. Oar hero was no exception to the rule in this respect. Having ne one in the place to engage in conversation, he ceased stropping, and gazing into the large mirror opposite, addressed himself to what he saw there with a charmicg irony in his tone. "You're a handsome fellow, Tom Brock,a very pretty fellow indeed. Only Fm afraid looks won't go for much in this case. Here you are from 8 o'clock this morning and yoa've almost earned one and sixpence, according to the multiplication table. Just fancy the splendid sum of eighteenpence per diem, Sir, for the maintenance of eleven persons. Father, mother, and nine young Brocks, whose appetites this cold weather are something to astonish Soyer, the Frenchman. Don't smile at me, Sir, I'm in no humour for jesting. Humph, how foolish to try and quarrel with one's shadow. Yet I've known men do that before tonight." He settled himself down with a sigh in the easy chair, and crossed his legs one over the other. "I wonder if the protraitand the superscription of Her Majesty the Qaeen is still upon the coinage of this realm ?" con- tinued the barber speaking at the image in the mirror. Its such a time since I handled a golden coin, that, upon my life, I almost forget what one is like; perhaps that is the reason why I feel such t.n uncontrollable desire to look upon one at this moment, Kay, not one, but several, In short, several hundreds. Pooh, what rubbish you're talking, Tom Brock. You penniless rascal." The poor barber smiled at the idea of the thing, and the fellow in the mirror smiled in company. " Beady cash is a very handy thing to have at one's command especially when it is urgently needed as in my case," said Tom, looking sternly at his reflection. " I've often beard fellows sneer at money, and call it strange names; yet I've noted that these same revilertt were always mighty eager to gather it in when they have had an opportunity. Moreover I" Erock the barber paused suddenly in his Eclilcquy* For he beheld within the radius of tie looking glass another form besides the reflection of himGelf. A little man, with a peculiar cast of face and features, stood behind the chair, with his arms akimbo, and his oldlooking head on one side, listening greedily to the barber's utterances.' " Good evening, Sir," said Tom, starting to his feet. " Cold night ?" The little man only grinned like'a monkey in reply. " Shave or hair cut, Sir ?" asked the barber, rubbing his lean hands with professional expectancy. " Shave ?" echoed the customer in a voice like & croaking raven, " Do I look as if I wanted shaving ? No man Bhall take me by the nose, and I know yon can't shave without doing that" " No offeree, Sir. Shall I cat your hair •"' " Yes, Tom Brock. Cut it short, very short." And the wee fellow chuckled heartiiy as he divested himself of a cloak, in which he had been wrapped from head to heel, and seated himself in the chair before the mirror. The new comer, although very small for his age, was quite cool and self-possessed. He gave all manner of directions respecting the mode in which he required his hair trimmed. Made faces at the glass, and laughed at the grimaces reflected therein. Tom Brock had many queer customers daring the twelve years he had been in business, bat he had never seen such a quaint small mite of a man as this one before him. In fixing the wrapper about his shoulders, Tom could scarcely repress an exclamation of surprise at the colour and texture of his companion's apparel. Of what material where they composed? Cloth, tweed, silk, cotton. No. Mortal warp or weft never manufactured such fabrics. Some other agency—subtle, and mysterious, as many unexplained things we see around us—hid perchance woven these articles. For in this lower world there aie cloaks mach less substantial than a faiiy's jerkin, cloaks for which Dr. Johnson and his followers have been anable to find a name, but which are indispensable to many of ns in bar duly lives. Had the barber been less engaged in taking stock of the manner and appearance of his strange customer, he might have discovered at once that; to shorten this fellow's hair was an ntter impossibility, for as fast as the keen scissors severed the long yellow locks the particles became instantly attached again. The barber's eyes were too intent watching the grimaces in the mirror to observe, the startling fact. " Been long in the colony, Sir ?" insinuated he, by way of opening a conversation. The wee man chuckled mightly, and narrowly escaped having a portion of his ear Bevered by tbe barber's sharp scissors. " I know the colony, Tom Brock," he replied. " No one better. Ha, ha, ha." The hairdresser was staggered, but he came again to the charge. " Beautiful hair, yours, Sir, fine, acd soft as silk. It dosen't seem to be much shorter after all I've cut off." " Out it short, Tom, Ho, ho, ho." " Very dull times, Sir," said Tom, not relishing his customer's disagreeable laugh. " Its very dull indeed for you, Tom Brock," answered the wee man, with a knowing leer. " "Why for me, Sir " Because the lease of your shop expires next Monday, Tom, and you haven't a pennyjsaved to renew it. That's why," responded the customer quietly. Some people when they are astonished can be tumbled over with a feather, but it would have ttken a blow from a large waddy to have knocked our hero down. He appeared rooted to the boards, and his eyes and mouth opened considerably. " Very good, Sir, you're a wizard, perhaps you have no objection to tell me what I had for dinner to-day," ejaculated Tom, when he found the use of his tongue. " Not in the least. You hadn't anything, my friend. Your mind was not upon eating today, but rather tbe consideration of where boots for the children are to come from—a bonnet for Mrs. B. likewise, the cash for your business, Sh? Care has taken away your appetite, Tom. Ha, ha. I know. No one knows better than Thimble. That's me." The comb and scissors fell from the barber's hand to the floor. " Want to know anything else, Tom Brock V asked tbe visitor. " Nothing more, thank ye," replied the barber in a bewildered tone. "Listen to me then." And the little fellow faced about in the chair. " I am Baron Thimble, «f Faydell Twilight. Ours is a vast kingdom in the centre of Australia, of which very little is known by man. The Anglo-Saxon has penetrated into every corner of the known globe, and thrust his inquisitive nose into the socket of the North Pole, but he has never set foot in the land of Twilight. Now I need your services, Tom Brock, and if you will promise to go with me, I will reward you handsomely." " Twilight," repeated the barber thoughtfully. " I never heard mention of such a country before." *' I trow not, Tom Brock," replied Baron Thimble smiling. «• Nevertheless it is a great realm, whose people have often visited these cities reared on the sea border. Thou art poor, and in need, and faith, I repeat, I have need of "How long will you require me." " For just one moon. No more." " And the reward enquired Tom eagerly. ."Two hundred golden coins." " Thank you, lam at your service. Stop ! Is Twilight far ? Baron Thimble." "Yes, but our conveyance will be swift, and safe. Thou wilt go ?" w With the greatest pleasure, Sir." « Enough. Here are one hundred sovereigns in part payment of my promise." And the Twilight nobleman drew forth a heavy purse, and counted the money into the barber's palm. " Go home at once, and bank the cash with thy wife. Then meet me afterwards on the right bank of the river Yarra, beyond the Lunatic Asylum. You understand." And tbe Baron, chuckling to himself, folded his poncho about his person, and strode out at the doorway. Tom Brock could hardly believe but what the whole affair had been a joke. There lay the money though. That was real enough. And he felt it was no joke to have it in his possession. So be packed up his shaving appliances in a bag, closed his shop, and went home to his better half. Next week we will be able to slio-v how he Fared on his journey to Twilight, and what he saw there. 