Recent Changes in the Surface of Jupiter. The following is the conclusion ot the paper read at a recent meeting of the Royal Society of New South Wales byH. C. Bussell, B.A., Government Astronomer: — Next to the great girdles which encircle Jupiter, ' the Red Spot' is certainly, the most remarkable feature that has ever been detected upon the planet ; 30,000 miles long by 8500 miles wide, it covers a surface veiy much greater than that of the whole of the earth ; and is easily seen with good telescopes, but in a powerful one it is a most striking object, and brighter coloured than any thing else on the planet ; but why that mass of flame like light is red, and why a different red from anything else on the planet are questions not yet answered. It is generally looked upon as a recent marking, and I have been at somo trouble to trace its history, and shall I think, be able to shew you that it is much older than many suppose. The first published account of it is by Mr. F. C. Dennett in the ' English Mechanic' for 1879, page 277; he there asks if any one had seen a pink-coloured patch on the south temperate zone of Jupiter, which he had many times observed, and saw, for the first time, on July 27, 1878. From a letter in the ' Observatory ' for January, 1879, it appears that Mr. Pritchett saw the same marking first on July 9th, 1878, since then there have been many letters on the subject, but I have not seen any earlier date mentioned than July 9th. On referring to my own drawings and notes I find that I first saw it separated from the belts on July 8th, 1878, it was then a faint and. difficult object to see, but my drawing gives it a 'form and dimensions, very much like what it has to-dav. I was not long in recognizing it as an old friend that I had frequently seen in 1876, at which time it was involved in the equatorial colour hand, and somewhat uinereni/ in miupe out nuii iu uuiviu . a uave uinu-y luuwmgo of it, as seen then, and have enlarged one to show you, with one made November 2, 1880 ; the drawings are all carefully made, estimating the size of each marking compared with the whole planet, so that they may be put on the paper as accurately as possible, and I find, on comparing them, that they are closely in accord, so much bo that I have confidence in the dimensions of the spot when first seen as derived from them. I mention this, because when in 1876 I made the measures which have already been referred to, I did not measure tho spot itself, but the belt, which is-lmost in the same latitude as the north side of it, and which, knowing the size of the spot, serves to fix its latitude. From the south pole of Jupiter to this belt then measured 14'94, so that the north 6ide of the spot would be a little more, which, measured on the drawing, amounts to 0'6. making its distance from the pole 15'54. In November, this year, I measured the 6anie space 15'91, an agreement which may be taken as proof that its latitude has not changed. Again, comparing the drawing of June 2, 1876, with others, I found I had drawn it in the eame position on j October 11, 18S0 ; and, taking the most recent value of the period of rotation, it exactly measured this interval, showing that it has not changed in longitude. Finding the proof of its permanence so strong from my own observations, I looked amongst other drawings, and found in those pub lished by the Earl of Rosse in the March, 1874, number of R. A. S. Notices four drawings, which showit in the.same latitude and longitude as my own observations. The colour is there described as reddish and reddish yellow, but no particular remarks are made about it. Looking further back I found a drawing, made by the keen-sighted Dawes, on 27th November, 1857, in which a similar form is depicted, but without colour, its latitude is the same, and the longitude also ; but too much weight must not be given to this for a small difference in the period of Jupiter's rotation, a rather uncertain quantity, would make all the diffeience in such a long period between agreement and dis agreement. These facts amount to very strong evidence, if not to proof, that the red spot is a fixed feature of Jupiter, or in other words, solid ground and not clouds ; that it seems to change a little in form is no proof to the contrary, where clouds have so much influene upon visible outline, and the changes in form are really not great. At present both ends are blunt pointed ; in 1876 the preceding end was round, and the fol lowing pointed; and from Earl Rosse's drawings it appears with the preceding end, was pointed, and the fol lowing end rounded ; and such changes are not important. I confess, however, that before I collated my measures the impression produced upon me by observing it was that the dimensions did. change considerably. This does not, how ever, seem to be the case, for the measures show the con The colour I have selected by lamp light to represent the colour of the spot is, by daylight, of a reddish yellow, and, when compared with a scale of colour, which gives six shades between red and yellow, it agrees with that one which is two shades on the red side of yellow. This tint may be said to be uniform and cons tan tj though at times little variations in parts of it have been detected. I have, however, never seen anything which could be described as a marking : they were more variations of quantity than of quality. It is worth note that the shadow of a spot on this is black, if it were self-luminous this would not be the case. Measures of the Red SroT. In June, 1876, it was 13'80 seconds long and 4.60 seconds in width ; on September 3, 1880, it was 4*35 seconds wide, the length was not then measured ; on October 7, 1880, it was 15-73 seconds long and 4*28 seconds in width; and on October 28, 1880, it was measured again, 15*00 seconds Ions and 4*26 seconds in width. While writing about the persistent position of this spot, I may mention, that on August 6, 1878, at 10 h. 10 m. p.m., I saw a small white spot of striking brilliance, much brighter in fact than anything else visible on Jupiter ; it ' was on the northern side of the south equatorial belt, and a little in advance of the red spot. At the time there was a great development of colour between the belts, and this spot presented a clearly defined disc. It was seen again under similar circumstances on October 5, 1878, and thence not again until October 11, 1880, when it seemed to have started into being more brilliant than I had ever seen it before ; it looked like some shining white substance laid on the dark belt which it seemed to cut half in two. With a power of 300 it presented a well defined oval shape, the longer axis of which was inclined at about 30* to the dark belt, and-its north end preceding. So unusual was it that at first I refused to believe it had an existence on Jupiter, thinking it must be in the telescope, but after moving ono eye-piece after another until I had tried five, I was convinced that it formed part of the planet. 1 was most anxious to see it again, but could not see this part of Jupiter until October 18, and the spot was not visible. I looked on every avail able opportunity, aDd carefully examined this place eight times before I saw it again, which was on November 24. It then shone out with star-like brilliance; and although at first it appeared round, subsequently it looked oval. I have seen many of these spots, and this one several times before clearly defined ; but I never saw one with a bril liance at all equal to this. From the repeated and careful observations which I made of this place between October II and November 24, I am convinced that the reason it is only sometimes visible, is to be found in the clouds of Jupiter ; for there always seems to bo some clouds there when the spot is not visible. There are several of these spots on the planet that I have been watching closely for some time past, and find constant in position. They are all well defined round spots, gene rally less than a second in diameter. It is not an uncommon thing to see their places occupied by white spots much larger, and probably of clouds : and once I noted a very striking change. It was on September 14, 1878, and the spot seemed to cut the south equatorial band almost in two. Its situation was in the same longitude as the following part of the red spot. After I had finished my drawing and was watching it, a shower of rain obliged me to cover tho tele scope for an hour and a half ; and then, when I looked again the white spot had contracted to one-fourth of its previous diameter, and the dark belt was reformed. The now little spot did not present (be hard disc of the others, and I have never seen it so ; simply, as I believe, because I have not looked at the right time, for this place has the same cloud peculiarities as others where spots are found. There are some of these cloud-like markings which I think further investigation will prove to be permanent features of the planet, and in some way connected with the white spots, for I have observed that in four instances certainly, and I think in every one, where a spot is visible there is always to be found on the preceding side of it a cloudlike form, which extends into a diagonal, the end near the spot being the preceding end; in one or two instances the existence of a diagonal in a particular place has led me to look for, and find the white spot belonging to it. This evident connection between the two markings, and their fixed positions on the surface suggests the idea, that the white spots are snow-covered mountains, from which the clouds have for a time lifted ; and the diagonal bands similar in colour to the north belt, would be clear spaces taking their direction from the mountains. The proof is insufficient to convince one, but quite enough to make the suggestion, and to lead to the hope that we shall know more about it soon. These markings seem much more easily seen at some periods than at others, and as an illustration of then number I may mention, that at ten minutes past 8 p.m. on September 19th, 1878, 1 saw no less than five well defined diagonals extending from the south belt towards the north one, and one coming from the north towards the south : at this ' time the red spot was just passing off the planet, and next night I examined the part before the 6pot and found similar marks extending at least one fifth of Jupiter's circumference, so that at that time almost the only markings between the belts were diagonals. In connection with these also I will mention one of the most striking of the recent changes in Jupiter ; on October 28th, 7 p.m., 1880, when I looked at the planet I was astonished to see a large spot of decidedly blue colour, situated on the south equatorial belt, which it cut half in two ; it looked like a mass of cloud, more dense in the centre than at the edges, and was of a generally rounded form fully 6000 miles in diameter. I had frequently, and only a few days before, examined this part of Jupiter, and was quite sure that what I saw was a sudden and recent develop ment. I watched it with corresponding care that evening, but failed to see any motion in it or change of form. Two days later was the earnest date at which I could see it again ; it was visible, but only as a ghost of its former self, and the blue was scarcely discernible; next day the blue was all gone, and only a brown maik 'remained from the form of this, viz., a tendency to form a diagonal. I suspected the existence of a white spot, and I watched carefully till I saw it, and had thus proof that the great cloud had formed over the top of a white spot. I may add that I have never before seen a marking upon Jupiter which was so blue in colour, or so striking, as this strange visitor was. It is easy to see the two polar caps, but exceedingly difficult to detect anything there beyond the dark shade. When the air is favourable the large telescope reveals a series of narrow bands upon which darker markings are sometimes seen ; those in the north cap are fleeting, and the same maybe said of a white spot seen there some time since. On the south cap there is a dark marking on the edge which has existed for some time ; this is about the same longitude as the red spot, and from this point towards the preceding side the edge of the cap ceases to be parallel to the equator, and extends towards it some distance. Where it attains its greatest distance from the poln, there is a large white patch on Jupiter much whiter than anything else except the white equatorial spots. From many observations of the blue colour of these caps I am led to believe that it is an effect due to our atmosphere ; I have, in fact, seen it disappear with improving definition and the light brown shade take its place. In addition to the polar cap, there are in the northern hemisphere three faint, or usually faint, belts, and in the middle of these I have seen more small black spots than anywhere else on the planet. Some of these have reappeared at intervals in the same place, and frequently with an en largement of the bell where they are ; at such times the belt for a short distance seems very irregular in outline, as if very much disturbed, in fact, it presents similar features to those which mark a great disturbance in the next belt, such as I shall presently describe. In the southern hemi sphere there is a belt corresponding to this, but different in appearance; it has for a long time, if not always, been marked by a dark spot half the size of and preceding the red spot. The nearest faint belt to the equator on the north side is a particularly interesting one because of the great changes which take place in it. In 1876 it formed one of the four (then) nearly equal equatorial belts, and in size and colour it was inferior to none ; in 1878 it had become as faint as it is now, and has so remained until within the past few weeks ; it has often been quite invisible when the equa torial belts were very bright. On the 28th October, at 11 p.m., this year, I saw that a part of it was enlarged, and much darker in colour than usual, and upon examining closely I saw two black spots in the enlarged part, and noticed that just preceding this the belt was cut right in two by a band of white light similar to the surrounding surface. The following night I saw that there weie three black spots, and that all this belt following them for a dis tance something like half the circumference of Jupiter was very much darker in colour and fully'three times as wide as it had been, and this enlargement ended suddenly, the rest of the belt being in its normal state. With our ideas of space (for they would be different if we lived upon Jupiter) the change above described indicated the exertion of a tremendous force, whatever be the constitution of the belts, for the diameter of the belt had been increased from six or seven hundred miles to 2000 miles for a length of 120,000 miles in the short space of a few hours. For the next three nights the air was not in a good state for observation, and I did not see anything about which I will now detain you. I may, however, mention that on November 1st a great enlargement about 20,000 miles long was seen in the belt north of this one. On November 2nd I saw that one of the three black spots before mentioned had increased in size enormously, and had a bbek centre surrounded with a lighter shading, and looked very much like a sun spot, and the belt was cut in two both before and after it. One could almost fancy he saw tho giant cyclone sweeping the clouds round the dark central hole until they covered the belt on each side of it. On November 10th this belt had become so much en larged and deeper in colour that it was almost as con spicuous as the norlh equatorial belt, and the edge of it was most irregular, the whole belt looking as if it were made up of a line of eumulous clouds moving in tho wildest con fusion. On the following nieht a second of the dark spots was enlarged, and the whole belt seemed still more dis turbed. On the 14th, at a spot then in the centre of Jupiter, the disturbed belt appeared cut down to its original dimensons, and one-half was the old belt, and the other the new ono, if I may so express it. I found that this point of contraction was not in the same longitude as the one before mentioned, but about 120 degrees after it. Since then the appearance of this belt has frequently changed, and when I saw it on the 25th it seemed to be made up of a series of loops or arches, and was more striking than ever. I will not longer detain you with notices of any of the many other changes I have seen ; but 1 think 3'ou must have noticed, in what has been said, that these changes seemed intensified in November ; and tho reflection is suggested to me that the earth, in the same period, has been changing its appearance to an outside observer with the great storms and earthquakes which have visited the northern hemisphere, and in the long succession of cloudy weather and thunder storms which we have experienced our distant observer would see many and violent changes on the earth. I think I never before saw the record of so many storm curves as we have in the self-recorded curves during the past month, and in the diagram of storms which accompanies the other paper I read to-night you will see that the early part of November, when the earth passes through the great meteor stream, is a favourite time for thunderstorms to reach us. Have these meteors, or some other external cause, anything to do with the changes which have been going on in the two planets ? When we know that a meteor dashing into the sun with a momentary flash stirred the magnetism of the earth, and recorded itself on the self-recording magneto meters at Greenwich, it would not be safe to say that there is no common cause for the changes we have been consider ing, and I am sure this suggestion would have come to you with far greater force if you could, with me, have watched, between the terrestrial clouds, tho many changes going in Jupiter. Much was missed, I know, for I saw many things after they were done, in a glimpse as it were ; for instance, after a week of clouds here, I saw on November 14 that the whole aspect of Jupiter's northern hemisphere, from lati tude 36* northwards, had changed from a bright surface, marked by faint belts, to one mass of belts, in which tho common ones were loBt, and a host of strange markings put in their place. Answers to the questions— How, and when, and why all this took place, were covered up in the clouds that lasted here from November 7th to 14th. The impression which a close study of Jupiter during the past four years has left upon my mind is that we see on tho great planet very much the same phenomena as an observer placed upon Jupiter would see upon the earth ; to him our planet would have a very different aspect from that by which we know it. On the polar sides of latitudes 40' he would see an almost uninterrupted belt of clouds, shining white in the sunlight, probably almost as white as the snow caps; on the equatorial sid'es he would see the clearer regions of the trade winds, at times marked by persistent cloud6 or haze, which would hide every feature of the earth below, at best only visible by light that had passed twice through our atmosphere ; and should he be fortunate enough to find the terrestrial air clear at the 6ame time as hie own, it would still be next to impossible to distinguish forest covered earth from ocean ; he would carefully note certain white points occasionally seen, and find they were con stant in position ; and if fortune favoured him, he would look when 6ome terrestrial volcano shot up ite ponderous cloud bank, black enough to obliterate everything beneath it, and .perhaps, most conspicuous of all, would be the brilliant white cloud ring which generally surrounds the Equator, somewhat broken and irregular in outline though it be. Watching these cloud features he would see them travel north and south with the changing declination of the sun, and wonder whether the few bright points could be the only fixed things on the planer. Just so, I think it is, that we Bee Jupiter. Our attention is arrested by the belts, we see on the polar sides of latitude 38\. almost uninterrupted bright zones, where there is but little change ; but from these latitudes towards the equator the case is different, at one time we find white zones covering everything from 38* to 18* on each side of the equator, as we see it at the present time; at another time all this is changed, and their place is occupied by ever changing lightred coloured rings as in 1876. On the equator at one time we see the brightest cloud zone on the planet, and at another a faint red one, which like those in the trades is ever changing its features. On each side of this are situated the darkest rings to be found on the planet, and through these probably, is our only chance of seeing the true surface, excepting those 6now-covered mountain tops which parting clouds reveal, or at long intervals a volcano made evident by its smoke cloud. (Applause). _ 