DEATH AND BURIAL OF JACOB. December 12.—Afternoon. Golden Text, Job v. 26. Reading, Gen. xlix. 28—33, and 1.1—13. (Connection with last lesson is close and clear.) I. The death of Jacob. 1\. A sublime engagement preceding death (ver. 28). •—In exalted strains of poetry and with prophetic vision, he blessed liis sons. How the Divine discipline of life has purified and ennobled his character! This is not Jacob, the " supplanter," but Israel, the " prince with God." Now his chief thought is the good of others, &c.; 2\. A touching charge with a view to death (vers. 29—32). . T (1) His exalted hope concerning himself—" I am to be gathered unto my people." This undoubtedly refers "to a state of further personal existence beyond death," and of congenial society, &c.; (2) His tender directions concerning his body. Mark the minuteness of his instructions as to his burial-place (vers. 29, 30). And the touching vehcavsal of the persons whose bodies were deposited there (ver. 31). And how much of pathetic suggestion there is in the fact that Rachel, whom he so devotedly loved, is not in the list! 3\. A calm meeting with death.—He gathered up his feet into the bed." " He met death; he was not overtaken by it. It was not as if death had said to him,*Thou shalt come;' but as if he had said to death, «I will come.'" 4\. Significant aspects of death.—(1) "Yielded up the ghost" (comp. Job xiv. 10); Eccles. xii. 7). (2) " Was gathered unto his people;" did not pass into a world of strangers, &c.; II. The mourning for Jacob. 1\. A relief to pent-up feeling.—Hitherto Joseph had maintained his outward calmness and composure; but now his full heart overflows, in tears, &c.; (ver. 1). 2\. An expression of the highest honor (ver. 3), " Jacob was mourned for as a king, who was honored in Egypt by seventy-two days' mourning," 3\. An indication of deep sorrow (vers. 10, 11).— The family of Israel mourned for the loss of their b& loved and honored head; and the Egyptians joined , with them out of sincere respect and admiration for the ' saintly departed. The death of a good man is a great loss to society, and may well occasion sorrow, &c.; III. The burial of Jacob. 1, Preceded by embalming, "according to the custom of Egypt. This was done to retard the progress of corruption; for so long as the body was there,'their * friends seemed still among them. In that we find an intimation of immortality." 2\. Conducted with great state (vers. 7—9).—This funeral procession was one of the grandest and most impressive the world has ever seen; and it travelled, nearly three hundred miles in solemn sorrow to the chosen resting-place of the honored patriarch. 3\. An intimation of the possession of the land of his burial by his descendants.—Doubtless, Jacob believed in the promise that his descendants should possess Canaan; and by desiring to be buried there he sought to strengthen their faith in the promise, and desire for its fulfilment. Contemplate— i. The result of the Divine discipline and culture of a human life, as seen in Jacob's closing days. ii. An example of a calm and triumphant death. iii. An example of filial affection, reverence, and obedience in Joseph. iv. Distinguished honor to distinguished excellence in the mourning for and funeral of Jacob. WILLIAM JONES. 