Alma. [From our own Correspondent.] August 6. Dr. Adam Clarke brands the old saying about too many irons in the fire as a lie, and advises that the number of irons be increased rather than diminished. Whether the doctor is right in his stricture I allow your readers to judge. Personally I am disposed to make the multiplicity of my engagements a plea for not more freqeuntly informing you and your readers how we are getting on in this district, to which all who are afflicted with corns, and covet, not to walk in king's palaces, but soft places, and to leave their footprints, not on the sands of time, but the mud, will do well to come just now. Believing that " there is a time for all things" (wicked things excepted), and that the time has come for me to write a little for the Gawler Standard, I have determined to act accordingly, if my pen do not have the same scaring effect on the data that I have in my cranium that a veritable ghost would have upon a number of children. The weather during the last few weeks has been favorable to the growth of vegetation. Perhaps it has been a little too wet, according to the ideas of some of the farmers, but I suppose they will pardon the clerk of the weather for this fault, as it is preferable to its being too dry. The crops around are looking healthy, and growing fast, especially in the Barabba scrub. Things in the township at present are not very brisk, but the machinist of the town does not lose heart over it, for his men are kept at work making waggons, reaping machines, stump-jumping ploughs, &c.; Our cricketers, notwithstanding the coldness; not to say the sharp frost of the season, possess their wonted ardor, and are preparing themselves for action. The annual meeting of the club was held three weeks ago in the District Council Chamber; Mr. James Stott in the chair. From the secretary's report it is evident that the club is doing well. The prizes for the highest scorers during last season were presented, Mr. Henry Dyer receiving the bat for the highest of the first eleven, and Mr. Octavius Dyer the ball, Mr. Josiah Good receiving the bat for the highest of the second eleven and Mr. John Wilcocks the ball. Mr. S. Kyres was elected captain of the club, and Mr. G. Toseland secretary. It is understood that the club thinks of purchasing a piece of laud of about 6 or 7 acres, and situated near the township, for an oval. At Lower Alma they have commenced a Band of Hope, which is flourishing—I will not say like the Gawler Temperance League, as the comparison may be attributed to presumption. Mr. Allport, the new teacher at Barabba, is now active in his work, and I believe gives general satisfaction. A quantity of wood is being sent away from Stockyard Creek Station. The Government have certainly done a commendable thing in planting trees on the land near the station, for they will ultimately be useful, and improve the appearance of the place. 