PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. A* the Theatre Royal te-night that excellent representative of Irish characters, Mr. Grattan Riggs, will appear in'" For Life, or the Foster Brothers," a drama written expressly for him by Mr. Wybert Reeve, under whose superintendence it will be produced. This evening " The Grand • Duchess'' will fee repeated at the Opera Honse; aiid as it has already gone admirably with Miss Elsa May, the new soprano, as the Duchess, and as that gifted young lady will repeat her performance of the part on this occasion, the ^presentation of the ,w«ck will puroly be "At tha Bijou Theatre tha dlever juvenile troupe, whom Mrs. G. B. W. Lewis hasao 'successfully trained to the .performance of " Pinafore," will again give that work this evening. For this evening the management of the People's Theatre announce a change of performances, and with their great numerical resources it is certain to be one of imposing effect and considerable variety. ' , . - At St. George's Hall, Professor Pepper will raise three ghosts, each of a shadowy and really immaterial character. And, ii addition to the Professor's very interesting and instructive scientific demonstrations and exhibitions, the entertainment will be diversified with good music, vocal and instrumental. Ax application was made on Thursday to his Honour the Chief Justice by Mr. Williams that the venue of the action Wilson v. Syme be changed from the southern to tha central bailiwick. The action is brought by Mr. James Wilson, of the St. Alban's stable, near Geelong, against the proprietors of the Age and Leader newspapers for alleged libela that appeared in those journals in referenee to the running of certain horses trained by the plaintiff. The venue was laid in the southern bailiwick, the object being to have the case tried at Geelong. His Honour, after hearing the affidavits, refused the application. The following tenders were accepted by the Public Works department on Thursday: —Fencing court-house, Seymour, D. Davie, £42 18s. 6d.; construction of lowerbattery, Queenscliff, J. H. Sullivan, .£1973 18«. lOd.; supply of 400 fire plugs and 200 lugs, Fulton Foundry Company, £170; painting detective office, Russell-street, F. Watkins, £38 I7s. 6d.; repairs to entrance City Police Court, J. L. Read, £110 10s. j construction of pile lighthouse. West Channel, A. Sharp, £1537; construction of Jetty and approaches, Port Campbell, J. Branter, £1045; excavating at Broken Creek, J. M'Ginty, lid. per yard. On Wednesday evening next, at the Athenaeum, the first reunion of the season of ' Mr. W. R. Furlong's pupils will be held, and how very popular these entertainments are i* indicated by the fact that this will be the twenty-fifth since their inauguration. Tha alternation of music and dance whieh distinguishes theBe soirees has certainly proved very attractive, and for that reason it maybe anticipated that Mr. Furlong will receive much encouragement on this occasion. At eleven o'clock Mass to-morrow there will be an opportunity of hearing the newlyformed or reorganised choir at the Cathedral n>der highly favourable circumstances. Tha occasion will be the inauguration of the new musical services, to which Madame Patti— with Mr. de Munck and Signor Ciampi Cellaj —will give her distinguished services. Tha permanent soloists are Mrs. Howitz, Mrs. Cutter, Mr. Staker, and Mr. Moroney ; the conductor is Mr. Alfred Plumpton, and tha organist, Mr. Tracy. AiiFEED Franz, mail guard on the Gippsland railway line, was arrested on Thursday for stealing a letter containing three marked one-pound notes. Fob all but really delicate people a trip down the bay on a moderately fine winter 1 • day has an invigorating effect on the constitution, more especially in the case of those who are pent up during the week and require a good inflation of the lungs with pure air and ozone. And we find that the Golden Crown, if Mr. Martin meets with sufficient encouragement, will afford that opportunity this winter. The vessel wm recently laid up for the usual half- yearly survey. The overhaul having been completed, she will resume her regular runnihg to Queenscliff and Sorrento to-day, leaving Sandridge Railway Pier at half-past 1 p.m., and on Sunday, 2nd May, at 11 a.m., instead of 10 a.m. as heretofore. The boilers and machinery have been inspected by Mr. Wilson, Government engineer ; the hull, boats, &o.;, by Mr. Elder, Government surveyor. With respect to the Agent-Generalship (says the Herald of last evening) the quid nuncs appear to be all at sea. The position has been offered to several leading politicians, including a prominent member of the Upper House, but was respectfully declined. Finding this, Ministers have appointed Sir Andrew Clarke temporarily to the office. It is generally understood that Mr. Childeia mentioned the name of this gentlemas among others as available for the post. Six Andrew Clarke was selected to fill the office on the ground of his knowledge in referenoe to defences, and because his' appointment would save his pension—some £850 a year— to the colony. 