RATIONAL CHRISTIANITY. (To the Editor of the Bendigo Advertiser) Sir,—If the remainder of Mr. Evanson's writ- ing were similar to the quotation to whiich I re- ferred, his apostacy was easily accounted for, and was a right conclusion from wrong data. Mr. Browne again quotes Mosheim as an authority for his previous assertion that " the church rulers who selected and canonized these books which now make up the New Testament, according to Mosheim, held it not only lawful, but commendable to deceive and for for the sake of piety and religion." I need not again repeat what I stated in my lecture. I refer your readers to it. They will find a copy of Moshem's His- tory in the Mechanics' Institute, and can easily see for themselves that the language of Mos- heim disproves what Mr. Browne asserts. Moslieim was referring to "certain fanatics" who lived in the third century ; who were not "church"rulers," and who had as much to do in the "selection and canonization of the books of the New Testament" as Mr. Browne himself. The bishops at the council of Nice did not "de cide which of the iunumerable Gospels, Epistles, Acts, Revelations, &c.;, were divinely inspired writings, and which were not." If Mr. Browne would read the acts of this council he would find that the question of the inspiration of the New Testament was never once mooted. The books of the New Testament were invariably quoted as inspired writings, and as a "sure foundation, known and immoveable." I have already proved from Mosheim: that before the yer A.D 150, " the greatest part of the books of the New Testament were read in every Chris- tiain society throughout the world, and were re- ceived as a divine rule of faith and manners." I know also by my own study of the a writings of the friends and enemies of Christianity, who wrote in the early age's, that no one who had studied the question could believe that " before A.D. 170 no book of the New Testament was believed to be divinely inspired."l have not read Davidson's book, but, from the evidence of my own senses, I know the statement is incor- rect. Oh the first available opportunity I shall produce abundant evidence to place that ques- tion beyond the reach of doubt. Mr. Browne states that while I have quoted from Max Muller's earlier writing, he has quoted "from later works written after mature consideration. ' As a matter of faith I have quoted from both. The mature consideration led Max Muller to the conclusion that " certain portions of the Veda even, which as far as our knowledge goes at present we are perfectly justified in referring to the tenth or twelfth century before our era, may some day or other dwindle down from their high estate, and those who believed in their extreme antiquity will then be held up to blame, like Sir W. Jones or Colonel Wilford." (Introduction to the Science of Religion, p. 301.) I need not prove that Mr. Browne is mistaken in his conclusions about the Sanskrit. I would again ask your readers to compare his remarks with the original passages mentioned in my lecture, and to draw their own conclusions. It is admitted that " the Verda was in existence five or six hundred years before Christ," and it is also certain that it contains nothing about the legend of Chrishna. That was unknown at the time the Vedia calendar was made. Any argu- ment about the antiquity of the age of Chrishna is worthless. The oldest books of the Hindoo scriptures know him not, The poetic legend of his life was written in the second or third century of our era. That is proved beyond question. It is quite true that I omitted, as Sir. Browne says, the word "nearly" in the quotation from Higgins. It was inadvertently omitted, aud does not affect the question under debate. There were no idols among the early Hindoos. The very existence of the images of Chrishna proves that the legend of Chrishna is comparatively modern. The "black images " to which Mr. Browne refers prove that those who claim extreme antiquity for that legend are utterly ignorant of the facts of the case. Mr. Browne says that I insinuate that the legend of Chrisna was borrowed from the life of Christ. Mr. Browne adds " Unfortunately, however, for this hypothesis, the Rev. gentle- mans own pet authority, Professor Muller admits that Gautama Buddha lived upwards of five centuries before Christ, Christina having preceded him some 700 years. Every one admits that Buddha lived about the date men- tioned; but where did Professor Muller admit that Chrishna preceded him by some 700 years ? The question is not when did Buddha live, but when did Crishna live ? Mr. Browne refers me to the Rev. Robert Taylor. If Mr. Browne will do me the favour of reading my lecture on "Christ and Christianity," he will find that I knew as much of that unlearned gentleman as I deem necessary. A man whose profession is theology is without excuse if he be found igno- rant of that subject. That is the gentleman who quotes Professor Repham for his authority that "Decapolis had no coasts." A nice ex- ponent of the New Testament was he who could not read a single word in the language in which it was written! Yet this uneducated creature is held up as an authority on the very question of which he was utterly ignorant ! "E. H. M. states that "the question at issue" between Mr. Browne and myself is the founda- tions on which modern Christianity is built. That not an exact definition of the ques- tion. My lecture was a critique on Rational Christianity. Mr. Browne having made an attack on the Christian religion, it was incum- bent upon me in replying to him to inquire how far his conclusions were borne out by facts and sound reasoning. My replies, therefore neces- sarily assumed a personal form, as I had to test Mr. Browne's fitness for his self-imposed task. Towards Mr. Browne personally I have not the slightest feeling of dislike. He is to me merely the representative of one school of opponents. The cause of those who accept him as their champion must suffer with his defeat. It was for that reason I struck with whatever might I possessed in the defence of that faith which is far dearer than life. For the same reason I shall consider other passages m Rational Christianity. Referring to the character of Herod, who murdered the infants at Bethlehem, Mr. Browne says :— " Josephus records that this same Herod, on a great famine having fallen on Judea, sold his lands, his costly household stuffs, and his plate to relieve the sufferings of his people." (See "Antiquities of the Jews;" Book XV, chap 9, sec. 2.) A man who acted so generously, is not likely to have been, as falsely reported, a whole- sale infant butcher ; (p 70.) Mr. Browne might have easily learned that an equally benevolent act was performed by an equally benevolent man, the monster Nero, and for an equally benevolent purpose, namely, to turn the popu- lar attention from the contemplation off his own inhuman conduct. We see what is really stated about Herod in the book to which Mr. Browne refers to. He "carried off all the royal ornaments, and robbed the wealthy men," to supply funds to bribe Mark Antony; "nor was there any end to the miseries " he brought up his own subjects "He slew forty-five of the principal men," of his rivals party; and robbed the dead bodies ("Antiquities of the Jews." xv. 1 2) He murdered his wife's brother, a youth between 17 and 18 years of age (xv. 3 3); murdered his own uncle, Joseph (xv. 3 9); murdered his wife s aged grandfather, Hyrcanus (xv. 4 2) put his friend Sohemus to death (xv. 7 4); murdered his wife, Mariannie (xv. 7 5); "slew the most intimate of his friends, Coitubarus. Lysimachus Gabias and Dositheus," (xv. 7 8); "destroyed entire families," in consequence of the murder of one of his spies (xv. 8 4). He would not permit the citizens either to meet together or to walk or eat together, but watched everything they did, and when any were caught they were severely punished; and many there were who were brought to the citidel of Hyreania, both openly and secretly and were there put to death," (xv. 10 4). He was guilty of the unspeakable meanness and rascality of disguising himself and acting the spy, that he might overhear what was said about him and "persecuted in all manner of ways" those whose opinions were, unfavorable to himself (xv 10 4). He put to death three hundred of his officers. He murdered his son Alexander and his son Anstobulus (xvi. 11 7). Josephus says that his conduct was " a demonstration of in- sufferable impiety," and that this deliberately planned and long-delayed slaughter " was the action of a murderous mind," (xvi.11 8) When he "was at death's door," he put his son Antipater to death. (xvii. 7. 1.) But the last crime he desired to perpetrate stands unrivalled in the annals of murder. "He commanded that all the principal men of the en- tire Jewish nation, wheresoever they lived ,should be called together to him " on pain of death. On their arrival " he ordered them to be shut up in the hippodrome, and sent for his sister Salome and her husband Alexas. He told them that he knew he was dying, but that " what principally troubled him was, not regret for his numberless villainies, nor remorse for the horrible murders he had committed, but that he "should die without being lamented." He besought and ob- jured them to murder the whole of those whom he had shut up, "as soon as he should give up the ghost," and that this slaughter of them all " will cause that he shall not miss to rejoice," because it would plunge the whole of his own nation into mourning, (xviii 6. 5). This is the generous man who is not likely to have been a wholesale infant butcher. This monster in human form who trampled on every human in- stinct, (this public robber, this kingly, spy, this inhuman murderer, of the members of his own family, this wholesale butcher of his own inoffen- ding subjects, this hoary-headed man steeped to the lips in blood and in his death agonies re- joicing in his fiendish triumph of the anticipa- ted cold-blooded murders which should follow his gasp is the generous man whose benevolent deeds render it unlikely that, with the view to destroy a supposed rival, he would murder some children ! Your reader can now form some idea of the nature of the ob- jectiions to the credibility of tho New Testament; and of Mr. Browne's qualifications for the office he has undertaken. My controversy with "E.X.M." ended with my lecture. If he should desire to recommence it, I hope he will study his own convenience alone. I provoke no con- troversy with any one. No right-minded man can blame me for contending for the faith once delivered to the saints. " when it is made the object of bitter, unfounded, and unprovoked assaults.— I am, sir, yours faithfully, J.C. M CULLAGH 