Science. ILLUSIVE VISIONS. Chamber! Journal. MODERN science has made us aware that the old belief in apparitions rested on nothing more than illusive fancies caused by some kind of physical derangement of the person to. ofleoted. It ie importsnt. tbut. young porsone should 'be made thorouahly of tho fact thitthoro noverwas and ne?prwill bo nrjy snob fancy whfoh Jβ not capable of being explained npoa natural grounds. -A ' pereoa in wealc health, though; io perfeci '.poHM?knr of oil* his fapnlties, begjbr to.be troubled by waking visions poteons ? with'; whom ho : may be familiar, or wbo may hsvo been long dead, or who BomoUmes may appear a> perfect *tn>Dgers to dim. Tho jpeetrci who Sit before him, "oom? like nhidowi" ?nd " to depart." They repraaent, In the mo?t perfept manner,the reptodactiontof thing* j that are or wer?—uttwly Intangible oroatio?i. The subject of these visitations'! may bear the spectres' convene, 1 and they mey even' talk in turn to him. He ii perfectly aware of thetr.vlalonsry nstare,-nnd U; v eaavlneed of thtlr unreality as U the friend who sees them not, ?nd to whom the pb&htomi; are doiorlbod. Ko iniplclom of lostne delusion ss to these visitations can be entertained for a moment, and the question may therefore naturally be put to the man' of eolence, "How can theae illations be acoonntcd for ?." Tho nmwer 1? to be found in one ol the simplest itndies In the physi ology of nerves and of mind, end shown ob that these illusions have a material be?l?, or that, id the words of tho poet,'the "shadow proves the Bnbit&nceirae.;" ? . '???? To thoroughly elucidate the subject of ' illusions within h brief spade, we may begin by selecting one or two Illustrations of illusive. vUlon, snob, as have been recorded for Instruction and edification In the pages : of the One of the beat known cases—dorlvlng its interest from tho fact that! thei" subject of the visitations in qaeition biaselt narrates the fuete—lβ that of Nlcolal, a well-known cltlztn and bookseller of Berlin,', who read 'a i account of hie case before the Berlin. Academy of Soleaccs. WeabiUglve the acoouat in hie own words. "Dnring the few latter months of the year 1390," says Nicolai, "I bad experienced several tnelan ohply inoidonte, whioh deeply affected mc, particularly in September, from wbioh time I suffered en almost uninterrupted aeries of misfortunes, that aSeotodrnowith -tho most poignant Brief, I was aoonstomed to bo bled twice a ybar, and this had been done once on the S'.b.of July, brit'wob. omttted : to be repeated at. tbb end of the yoar'l79o. . . I had, in January and February ? of the year 1791, tho additional misfortune to experience several extremely unpleasant oiroumelancee, which were followed an the 24th o[ February by a most violent alternation. My wife and another person oame into : my apartment in tbo morning in order to ooneolo mc; but I was tbo much agitated by a series of incidents which bad most powerfully affected my moral feeling, to bo oapable of attending to them. On a sadden, I perceived, at about tho distance ol ten stope, a form like that of a deceased person. I pointed at it, asking my wile if sho did not see it. It was but natural that ebe should not. see anything; my question therefore alarmed hor very much, and eho cant immediately for a pbyei-. oian. Tho phantasm oontinued for some minntoe. I grew at length more' oalm, and Veing extremely exbau?tedi fell into a reek lees sleep, wbioh. lasted about half-an-hour. The physician aeorlbed tbo vision to violent mental emotion, and hoped there would bo no return; hut the violent agitation' of my mind bad in somo way disordered my norvee, and prpduosd farther ooneequenpes, which deeerve a more minato description. ' '.' At tour ia the afternoon, tbo form wbioh I had bood in the morning reappeared. I wa? by myself when,' this happened, and being rather uneasy at the incident, went to my wife's apartment; bnt there likewise I woe peresootod by, the form, which, however, at intervals disappeared, and always pre sented itself in a standing posture. About six o'olook there appeared . also several walking figures, which bad no connection with the first. After* the first day, tbo form of tho deoeased peraou no more appeared; bat its plaoe.woa supplied with many other. phantasms, sometimes reprosonting acquaintances. bat mostly etrangore: those whom I know, were com posed of living and deoeasod persons, bat tbo number of the latter was comparatively, small. . . When lehutmyeyostheso forms would eometimos vanish entirely, thongh there were instances when I behold, them with my eyes closed ; yet, when they disappeared on BUob ocoaflions, they generally returned when I oponeo , my eyes. . . They all ap peared to mc in their natural, siaa, nud oa diatinot as if alive, exhibiting different shades of oarnatlon in the nnoovored parts, as well as. diSarant colours and faubione in, tbelr drcseea, though the colours. soemed some what paler than in real natnre; none of the figures: appeared particularly terrible, oomi oal, or disgusting, most of them being ot an indifferent ebape, and some presenting a pleasing aspect. The longer theao persons oontinaed to visit mo, the more frequently did they roturn, while at the eamo timo they' inoreaeed in number about tour weeks after they had first oppoarod. I also began to hear them talk; sometimes among them selves, but more frequently thoy addretsed tholr dieoonrao to mo; their epooohoa being nuoommonly short and never of: an unpleas ant tarn. At dlflerent times tbero appeared to mo both dear, and sensible friends of both sexes, whose addroeece tended to apponaa my grief, wbioh had not yet wholly, subsided: their oonsolatory epeeches wore in general addressed to mc when I was alone.. 9oma times, however, I waa accosted,by thceo eon soliDg irionds wliito I was engaged, in oampany, and not unfrcquoatly whilo real ppraona were speaking to mo. Tho oonaola tory addrceeos ooneielod Bomotimoa ot abrupt phrasos, and at other times they were, Mgulatly oxeoatod." Huoli was Nioolal's aooount of tho phau 'tom-vieitois.who addressed andconeoloii him in hiedqmeaiiq aflliotion. It ie interesting: topnreua etilltorther his aooonnt ol: their diaappoaranco. The reader will recollect that Nioolai had neglected to repeat at tbo .end of 1790 the blood- lettiugin whioh it'waa 'customary in. the d?ya we apeak of for our forefathers to indulge. It waa atlaetdcoidod, that leeouoa should be used, and on 20th April, 1791, al eleven o'olook in ) tho morn ing, Nioolai informs ns the operation was perjormod. "No person,!; he.'bontinues, ,"! woe, with, mc besides the surgeon ; bnt dur ing tho operation my ohamber was crowded, iwithhqman visions ot.all descriptions. Thla 'ooniinnod.unlnterrriptedlyUH about.hml-an .hoqr alior four o'olook, just when my digest ; tion commenced.. I tlian perceived that they 'began to move more slowly. Soon, after, their oolour began, to fade, and at'seven. o'clock.they were entirely white. Bat they moved very littlo, though the forms wore as distinct as before; growing, however, f by tnore obscuro, yot not fewer innnm hor, ai, bao\ generally booa.tho oaoo. , .. Th?y : now Beorued to diasoive id; the air, wuilfl fragments ot some of them oontiauoii visiblotor a.coueiderable time. About eight, o'clock' the room was entirely cleared of my fantastic visitors. Since that time," adds Nioolai, " I have ielt twice or three times,a Bougation Rβ U they were,going without, however, actually seeing aaytbiug. The tamo sontatiqn eurprited mc jast before I drew op this acooont, while I waa examin ing tamo papore relative to those pbenomeufi, whioh I bed drawn up lv tbo year 179 L" ' Such is a hlatorioal aaoonnt ot wbat may appear to the eeneoa of a sano and roiaonablo individual.. Before entering on their eoien tifio explanation it will be adrisablo to give: ono or two faither.examples of. the. phono? mona in Oα the occasion of the fire which' deatrpyed pwt oi tbo Oryatai Palace, in tho.winter 0t'1866.7, put of the. OUlkgerie faa.d beta M?U?l4to Ito^flaSHH .The however, wae believea ?to ?'.bia' ' end wm 'rtrfgently ieen on tbirf. roof opaeaTO'nriog '.to eaTiliimeelf by clutching in wild 'despair ot>e pfJheiroa beams which ibe firo had Bp&red.; TbeVetrogglea of the onirasl were watobed witb.ian'iaitepfle enripeity mingled,with horror ftpd; eyrdpathy for the eappoeed fote which : aweited/tho pnfortonate monkey. What was tho eurpriea of the epeotatore of an Imminent tragedy -to find that the object whicb. in ,tbe,(jaieo. of e:4arrifted ape; had eidtod i their, fonrc,. resolved itselt into d pioop of canvas blind, bo tattered, that to the oyo of the imagination and when moved by the wind, it presented the exnot coanterpprt lof a etruggllag animal I : v;; 5 /? ??'?': Sqch an examplo Iβ of oopeclal intM??t, I btcabte it prove* to ne that not one person | ?lone, but? large number of spectators may j be deceived by an object Imperfectly eeen—-; end aided ib th* illusion by a vivid imagiim tlon—into fancying all the details of a : spectsola of which tho obtsf actor U entirely .emyth.;,;. ''/-i-/..--;'- .-.?.' ?-'-?:?; : -.; : .'., ?.'?;' ??..''?";.?"'??. .?? ' A ?ln?ulsr Osehas been given on strict: medical authority of a lady, who, walkieg from Penrhya to Fulmouth —her mind being. opoupled : ( with the, subject ef,.': drinking- :?; fountains—w? certain ih? saw Iα the rotd a: n?niy-erected k foantoUii bearing; the inicrip tlon, " If any man thirst, let him come uuto - mc and drink." As a matter of course she mentioned bet int?rent in seeing ?uch: ?o erection to the dsughters of the gentleman who was supposed to have placed the fountain In its position, 'They ensured her tbat no such fountain wm in oxlstenoe ; but, con vinced jot the reality of her senses on the ground that.". seeing la bollevlDg," she repaired to the upot where sat had seen the fountain, only to find, however, a,few scattered etoaei in place of the s expeotod ?TCfltios. ..'.'. .-..??'/ ? .." '.? '. ;.:.' ".V. 'Wo naijr now tarn to consider the soleatifle explanation of .'euch curious phenomena In human existence. The ostuea of these illusions are not difficult to understand, since the; In reality depend open a alight derange ment of the powers whtreby wo see and hear in an ordinary and normal method. To make oar moaning? clear, let.ua briefly consider what takes place in ordinary seniation, when we ace or hear the object! and Bounds of every-day esiatence.. The eye elightiog on an object tr&nshri; ?n impression of that objeot to the brain through tho apecial (optic) nerve of alght, which leida from the eye to the pett of the brain exorcising the tenia of liRUt. We in reality do not a?o with the eye. Toat organ is moroly an arrangement of lenoea adopted to receive, foous, and otherwise adjust raye of light atreamlng from the objecto we see, Tno function of the eye Iα simply that of adjusting and correlating ttte conditions necessary for the production of an impreuion. TfeU improealou ia carried in duecouiso to k special part of the brain, whoro it becomes transformed into a special sensation—that.of eight. Wo thus truly see, nob; with' .the eye, bnt '.?with the brain, or rather with thai.portion of'the brain which lies in direct relation with th? ntrtes of tight. The eye represents the lenses of the photographer's camera; bnt the brain corre sponds to the stnaltive plat* which receivao the Image of the litter, sod on which all tubsequent alteration* of the image f.ra effeoted. Of the other i>ololl, the same prominent feature may also be expressed— namely, that in the.brain and not in the mere organ of aense must be allocated the J true seat of knowledge. Tho ear modifies waves of Bound; but it ia the brain which distinguishes, appreciates, and acts upon the information conveyed by the organ of hear ing. The finger toaohea an object; but the ?eat of knowledge does not exias at the extremity of the hand. Tho impression of touch is'duly conveyed to the brain us before, there to bo analysed, commented upon, and, if necessary, acted upon as well. I On the appreciation of tho simple fact that the brain is the true seat of tho sensea rests the whole explanation of the ghoata nod apparitions which occasionally attend the footsteps and meet the eyes of humanity. When we are consoloua of looking at a real objeot, a sensation of sight is formed in the br*in, as we have s?en. Such a aeosation we called an ?" objeotive" one, because it is doiived from a, veritable object. So also, when we hear a tune played by a person whom wo Bee, or of whose existence, even when nnseen, we ontcrtain no doubt, tho sensation of sound ia then called''aubjeo tiye." Bat there nre many familiar instances in which tho power of tho mind to reproduce the sensations, sights, and sounds we have received ia demonstrated. The day-dreamer can sometimes bring the eoones in which he has onoe taken part bo vividly before his mental gaze, that his reverie may actually be broken by the words whioh flow from his lips as hie imagination starts into bodily ootion. Such a power of fanoy and imagination is the beginning, or; faint imitation of a still more powerful means whiph we possess of bringing before onr eolves the tonne and scenes whioh. have onoo been,objectively present with us. In tho dream this power is illustrated typically enough..' From the background of. consciousness, bo to spoak, we. projeot forwards, in our sleep, the pictures which a buey brain is reproducing, or it may. bo piecing,together from the odds and- ends of its fancy to form the ludicrous- corn binatione wo-nre familiar with, in the! , land j pf Nod." And-if we carry the idea of , this eamo power being exercised in our waking motnonta, to form the ghootsof eoience, tho explanation ol the,otherwise ouriousiand myatotioue subjeot of illusive visions will bocomplete. .. " , : . Wβ,know then that tho brain-hoe the ordinary; power of forming images which may bo projootvi oatwarda in- the form of the fanoies 6l r eViiry-day life. But thono projeotod. fanoies may grow into plain-and apparent eebe&tions; or images undor-tbo roquieito cou dillona. When we boar Mα ringing in-the ears," we know perfeotly well that no objective floood eiiets, and eclentifiaally wesay that the aengatio? of hearing in eaah a case ia an internal or, sabjectivo pno. Whon we see flaahos of light which liavo no exlttenoo in the outside world on whioh wo happen to bo (jaring, we explain their ooourronoe.in tho aauio way. Now, on euoh a b?eis, the ghoata of eoience are'|K>th raised and laid.- The I images and phautoms-of Nioolai, like the > eparke or flashes of light, are Bubjeotive gen-' gallons. They ariso, .in other words, from I Borne. irtiUiion of that.part of tho. brain I whioh would, have roooivod tbo impressions ol eight had tbe objepta in question had an aotual existence, But tho subject also involves a reteienco to bodiJy oondition and to memory, itself.''Primarily, it. will be found' that illusive visions, appeal; pnlywhen.tho health 61 *ho eubJQot, of,tlieao visitations iaiu a weakly state. Thb'derangement of the health, is tho primary oau?O of theso ourioue. stajos. It. ia, however, equally worthy ot remark', that many pi tho-phantaeme of Nioolai were pereoss whom he kbpw.. Saoh vjaiohs thdn may, bo euppoaed (0 fliDipiy-roproeent.the effects of.very reoent images whioh bad been reoeivod.ppd stored in'the'-brain,.and;Wbioh were evolved.by tho exeraieo of unooneoloaa memory.' Of the dpoeaeed. poriona , whose. Images sppaared, to ' hint, tho.. same remark may be made—memory.-. afiaio; reproducing, by the subjectivo impressions of the. btnin, tho.forina.of, dead frieud.s. But what, it may ;tho etraago.. visions whom Nicolfti did not rccognjso? Tho reply which science offerees that these also wero images or conceptions of pereone -whom Nicolot must have eepn at some time, but whom ho. oouldj. riot remember.: mysterious reproductions, by tho brain, of, events yrbicb. Have bcon imprcssod thercQn, but which had,escaped, remembrance;by? ordinary memory. Eventhecharactarawtiom Nicolai may liavo simply Jhcard, described -could bo thus produood, and present ap parently the imugus of persona with-whom no was not, ns * > ni&ttop; of conscious memory, familiar. The brain, in other, words, registers and ternombers'more than niomoEjroarj evolve; and it ia reasonable to co?OMve ihsA WBge or persons ones seen formed the mysterious strangers of NicOlai'a waiting drearhs. '.. It is' notowortiy that,,only after a,long period of visitationfromhiafontastioirionda, did Nice-lai begin to hear them speak. Thus the sense.of had also come in time tolend its aid in propagating .the, illu?ions; and the faot that tie visions addressed Nicolai concerning his .own immediate affairs and his personal griefs and sorrows, clearly shows the/unconscious action iof a mind which was "brooding over its own trials, and which was evolving ?from within -itself-the-oomfort and -conso lation of kindly friends. Ea?t of all,_ that the material bants of these visionary frienda ?resided in the weakly body of their host is proved by t&eir; on the resump tion of the customary blood-letting and tbo improvement of the health—an additional faot showing tbe relation of the healthy body to the Bound mind; ?? -" ; ?: ; : ?>' ':?'' One ol the most interesting cases of vleion eeeing by a person of culture and intelligence is that related ia ibe Athenanm ot 10th January, 1860, by the Bov.Dr.-Jessopp, who, in liord Oiford's library, when engaged in copying some, literary notes, saw ft large white hand, and then, as he tellsna, perceived "tbe figure of a somewhat large man, with bis baok to the fire, bending slightly ovar the table, aDd apparently examining the pileoJ books I had been at work upon." The figure was biessed in Bomo antique ecolesiastioal garb. ? Tbe figure vanished when Dr. Jesiopp made a movement: with hi? arm, bot re appeared, and again vanished when- the raverend narrator, threw down a book with which he had been engaged.. Dr. Jaeaopp'a reoit.l called forth: considerable oomment, and ai: letter;from Dr.' Andrew Wilson of Edinburgh, presenting a theory based on the principles ot subjective sensations, treated ot in tbe present paper. -After detailing the fashion ia whioh aubjeotlve sensations become promoted forwards, Dr. Wilson Baj? {Athenantm, 17ih January, 1880): " The only point concerning whioh. any dubiety exists, concerns the exact origin of tbe Bpeoiflo images which appear, as the result of sub jective sensory action. My own idea is that almost invariably:tho promoted image is that of si person we have eeen and read about. . . Ia Dr. Jessopp's oats there is one faot which seems to weigh materially in favour ot the idea that the vision whioh appeared to him in Lord Orford'a library,, was on un conscious reproduction of some mental image or figaro about whioh the dootor may very likely have concernod himself in the, way of antiquarian study," It is most interesting to observe that in the succeed ing number of- the Athcuaum, a Mr. Walter Eye. writes i;, "Dr. A. Wilson's solution that the ' spectre' .': . wasanun oonscious reproduction of some mental image or figure about which D 1?. Jesscpp may very likely have concerned himself in_ the way of antiquarian study, seems the right one, and I think I can identify the ' ghost.' The ecclesiastically dre??ed largo man, with olosely cut, reddish-brown bair, and shaved cheek, appears to mc the doctor's remembrance of the portrait of Parsons, the Jesuit Father, whom he calls, in his 'One Generation of a Norfolk House/ ' the manager and moving spirit' of the Jesuit mission in England. . . Dr. Jessopp, when he thought he aaw the figure, was alone in an old library, belong ing to a Walpolo, and Father Parsons was the leader of Henry Walpole, the hero of his just-cited book. Small wonder, there fore, if the association of tho ideas made him think of Parsons." All such illnsivb visions are thus readily explained as the creatures of an imagina tion whioh, through some brain disturb ance, is enabled to project its visions forward, on the seats of sense, as the "ringing" in our ears is produced by some irritation of the hearing-oontre of the brain. The known vision is a reproduction of a present-memory, and '.tho unknown vision ia tho reproduction of a forgotten figure which has, nevertheless, been stored away in 6omo hook or cranny of tho memory-chamber. Scienoe may thus—as wo have before had frequont occasion to assure our readers —dispel the illusion by its free explanation j and soienae has no higher function or nobler uso than when, by its aid, a subject like the present is rescued from the domain of the mysterious, and brought within the Bphere of ordinary knowledge. 