2tI)e^®aUaroc Ciims. < Vfkt .Lift HOP, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 27,1880. " B«tepayer" iu our next. We regret that owing tothe mot of spaee we have Wen compelled to omrit our leader and . other matters. We have received the British Trade Journal < for October, and the Words of Grace for Nov ember, Luyoock offered to postpone his departure to ' Australia for sit jreeks in order to enable liim to row HanLwi, bat the latter has insisted on him making a level bet for £1,000 in addition to the ordinary one of £200 a side. They hare con sequent!; foiled to arrange the matter. Trickett and Jjsyoock hare decided upon proceeding to Toronto. Canada, next .year. We hare beep shown a sample of the . first, j new wheat, brought in to the Adelaide Mills on Thursday last. The sample is very inferior, a large quantity being badly shrivelled. The. arbeit, we are informei only weighed 51 lbs to die fo'i.oitel. It was grown on the farm of 1Sri Hy. North, near Wallaroo, and only averaged-! about i6 bushels to tiie acre. The Northern Argus' says .*—On Wednesday evningJastMr Orerton of Auburn killed a bul-| look which he purchased from Mr J. Pollard £11. T.io beast when cut up turned the scaled , at - 1 SiOBtr. Besides this' lOOIbs of fat maa'lt taken from bim and the hide would weigh/ another lOOIbs. The hve weight must have iwen ooasjderably over a ton. IPro'euor Pepper hascommeneed his Connttj tour, having lectured at Kupund* on Nov. 23 and 24. He will shortly visit - the Peninsula towns where doubtless be will lie warmly re ceived. Se *ill produce among other novelties &s; inrentamknown as " Pepper's Ghost," as also jiia " Shac'dow Pantomime.'. He brings with i him • «rr large quantity of apparatus, and his; as&al; staff of skilled assistants. The Professor. will use the ocy-hydrogen and electric lights ^ with his entertainment. The dates of his per formance will shortly be announced* jtti' ,T. K. Heath writes to ub 'stating chat Jte did not object; to the amount fo the Poliee rate being deducted ftpw the Govern ment subsidy tothe Walliroo Corporation, but thought it was rather sharp of them to deduct £7110s 3d besides, for subsidy claimed in excess of rates collected.; fie considered that as there was exceptionalexpenditire in purchasing land for road p'irposesTvhioh the Government agree to ^supplement, that an exception might have been mads; ; i A geaeraj eommittee moating, la connection w"h ilieYarke'eBejiinaaU Annual Begatta. was hell at the--©iobei Ho e' on Thursday efening. for the purpose Ofeoosideriog the programme prepared by the Sab-oommittee, and other boai nfeSs* The tender of Mr Bargwanna's band for playing at the wgattawas accepted, being the lowest. ; Messrs Cheek, Keats, and Malcolm were appointed a comiritte to cariy out swimming *od other sports. The programme -with a few' ■iterations was adopted, and will be found in -another column. The match bettveen the Australian Eleven and a Northern Twenty-two was finished at Kapunda on Wednesday. The Eleven, who at the close of the previous day had made 156 for the joss of one wicket, continued their innings and remained at the cricket all the afternoon. Alink Bannerjnan added 46 to his Tuesday's total, and realised al* together 103. Murdoch finished hie innings for 86, but the most brilliant batting of the match , was done by Boyle, who in thirty-five minutes hit up 61 runs. The eleven's total was 397 for J the lost of 8 wickets. They returned to Adelaide ! by a special train after the match, and will begin their game in Adelaide to-morrow.-—Register. ; " As will be seen by advertisement the fioyal Hibernican Troupe will perform at Kadina on • Monday and Tuesday, and Wallaroo on Wednes day, Thursday, and Saturday. The company has I only recently arrived from Queensland having | completed a most successful tour in that colony where they obtained the Patronage of Sir Arthur Kennedy, JLC.M.G. The principal characters are, Mr Walter Tracey, Irish Comedean Bari tive vocalist and premier ventriloquist; Mr Herbert De Percy Pianoforte soloist, whose rendering of " Home, sweet Home;" is said to be tnaginficent. As Irish Comedians these are said to be unsur passed, and doubtless they will have good houses, as many still have pleasant recollections of the Hibernica which visited here a few years ago. There are few who have not enjoyed the anec dotes told in connection with the exploits of the celebrated Valentine Vox, the ventriloquist; and in this colony many have had an opportunity of listening to Messre Davies and Voltaire, but it may be a surprue to some even in our own dis trict to known that Kadina.possesses a gentleman, in the person of Mr M. Mitchell, whose powers in the above line are quite equal to either that of Davies or Voltaire We have now had several opportunities of listening to Mr Mitchell, and we feel compelled to say that his imitations were clearer than either of the two professional gentlemen alluded . to His funny figures,Job" and Sally" are his own handiwork, and so perfect is the deception that one is apt to doubt whether they are not ^endowed with life. Whilst the performance is going on there is nothing in Mr Mitchell's fecial expression to lead to the idea that he is speaking, even when the on-looker is Btanding immediately in front of him. There is little doubt that before long his services will be engaged by some one, as already he has had some liberal offers. The ratepayers of Moonta held their annual meeting on Tuesday last, but, like other meetings of the kind, very little was done. Special reference was made to the action of the Counoil in allowing the Town Clerk to hold his position although inca pacitated. The Mayor, however, informed those present that he held a medical certificate to the effect that Mr Crutchett was now in a condition to resume his duties. Of course ratepayers have a perfect right to discuss any matter that oon ; oerns tbe general we](are of the Town, but we think the m»tter might haye been brought for ward in a much leas offensive way, and in fact, thbe Town Clerk, whatever his failing., ar8j ) scarcely deserved such treatment at the of | the ratepayers. The residents of Moonta may justly regard their town as one of the neatest and best kept towns in the colony, and while every attention has been paid to its general im provement, the greatest care has been observed in oonnectioo with the finances. Not an item of revenue has been lost, nor has any expenditure been incurred that conld possibly be avoided. Whilst giving the Council all credit, there are few wh«» will deny that Mr Criitohett has been "the moving spirit, and has guarded the interests of the Town as if they had been his o.wn. Again, during the time that ie has been suffering from tbe effects of his unfortunate accident, his sou Mr Aloozo Criitchett, has filled the office of Town Clerk with credit .to himself and benefit to the Town. Taking all these things into con sideration, the action of one or two individual! at Tuesday night's meeting was anything but creditable. The members of the South Australian team, who recently fired at the Intercolonial match in Melbourne, have certainly acquitted themselyes in a way that is a credit alike to themselves and the colony they represent, being only 10 pointB behind New South Wales, and 42 behind the Victorians. It is only at the short range that they were far behind; at 500 yards they were 9 aheadM XaaiQaiw, wd tied New South Wales, while at the longest-distance our team stood second, being 43 ahead of Tasmania, and is in advance of New South Wales. It is also gratifying to know that at another Match wlier-e [jtajawJo theamouutyf dSlOO were offered, a South I^MHttrtwliau, Lieut. .Roberts t)f Narridy, took" the -4^lest ppifse ffjtfc * score pf SO at 600 and 33 at 600 yards, making a total fif 63 out of a possible 70\. The following are. the -scopes Yards—200 600 600 Ttl. Victoria .„ ... 982 9*9 851 2782 New South Wales ... 36? 917 771 2650 South Australia... ... 939 01? 7&J;, 2Q4Q aVm^nit 956 903 739 2603 The following are the detailed scores of the South Australian representatives:— Yards-200 500 600 Ttl. l^ie.ute»an t Roberts ... 61 70 62 193 Private Allison ... ... 68 62 59 189 Captain ferryman ... 65 52 183 Private Smith ... ... 62 62 §8 private Leonard. 6§ 65 52 J 82 "PrivateStarne* ,,,62 58 59 179 Private Taylor 63 60 53 176 61 70 68 62 86 65 6g 62 6§ 65 6-2 58 63 00 67 58 66 56 62 61 61 65 §3 58 m H str 450 58 63 Lieutenant Taylor ... 67 58 51 176 ; Private Hosking 66 56 53 175 Captain JTergusson ... 62 61 48 171 Private Burns 61 65 44 170 ! Private Tait §3 58 47 168 Private Wake ... ... 65 54 4$ 1§7 Setgeantfieynolds W J50 56 166 Private^. Kempson 58 63 42 163 Totals 939 917 784 2640 The members of the Kadina Juvenile, Tent of Beahabjtes, by invitation, met the members of the Wallaroo BayTeijt in their Tent-room on Wed nesday evening, Nor. 24, where a capital tee was, pronded by: the latterI«Bt,c&ter;*d by J|r W> H. Thomas, of Wallaroo. The tables ijariag been de&red;'the -Tent was opened for business, | after tbe initation ofone candidate. Those present1 were entertained daring the evening by recitations, from Brothers Arnold, Walkley, Williams and Burpee, -of the Wallaroo Tent, and A. Dave and J. B. Ferguson of the Kadina Tent. Songa were also contributed by <T. Mipre, of Kadina Tent, and Phillips, William, and Sharpies, of the Wallaroo Test'. . Mr B, Dave, superintendent of the Kadina Juveniles, gave a Beading on .b " Drunkard'a Soliloquy "in a coal cellar," an d addressed the meeting on the b&neful; effects of " Intemperance." Mr J. TregloanyP.D.C.R., of the Albert District, gftye an address on, " Dare to be a Daniel." He said the foundation or secret of of Daniel's success was "He feared Q-od.'' This gaye him strength of character and enabled him to do what he could not have otherwise accomplished. This captiye Jew was an abstainer from wine and strong drink. He was scrupulous in walking according to his light. When required to drink wine from the Sing's Table he courteously but firmly declined, and haying faith in his principles he even pro posed to undergo a teBt. Daniel was no wayerer. His principles were not only right, but deeply rooted, and hence he pursued an eyen course. He knew nothing of shaping his conduct accord ing ' to circumstances, or conforming to the customs of those around him. Daniel was a worker. We know of no more effectual method than earnest, eteedy, intelligent labour. Many run well for a' time, and one might almost come to the conclusion that they were real Daniels ; but after a short season it appears evident that they are only poor shams, We want geniune Daniele.s " Dare to be," that is, have the disposition, the courage, the determination to do as Daniel did. Mr Alex. Young, Superintendent of the Wallaroo Juvenile Tent, thanked the Kadina bretharn for their attendance, which was responded to by Mr Slight, of Kadina. 