AN ELECTION SKETCH. BY AN OPTIMIST. On the morning of Wednesday, 14th July, I sprang out of bed with more than my ordinary enthusiasm, intent on watching the progress of the election for North Gippsland. "Ah," I medi- tated, felicitating myself on the pro- spect of employing a day of leisure so profitably, "now, I shall- .se the great political engine at, work, true patriotism using its privileges with wisdom and inde- pendence, and the destinies of the country directed by the immaculate decree of our bone and sinew. Vox Populi, vox Dei!" Here a sad of colonial soap by some misad- venture got into my eyes, and my rhapsody was, I regret to confess, changed to scur- rility, as I roared for fresh water in which to bathe the smarting optics, and anathematised the selfishness of party war- fare and Sir John O'Shanassy as the indi- rect causes of my trouble. "Is the gentleman going to the poll," enquired a voice from the street, and look- ing through the window, I saw a convey- ance placarded with the legend, "Vote for M'Kean and Harris. "Tell him to come again in an hour," I said, my tran- quillity restored, and my roseate views of hie returning. " Grand country," I ex- claimed, for the edification of my wife, who devoutly shares my politics. "So anxious are the committees to see that every man does his duty that they carry him to the poll, even without knowing which way he wants to vote. The mil- lenial year is approaching :- 0, summer day of glory. 0, chrysolite of time." A second cab at the door, labelled "Vote for M'Lean and Davis, and plenty of Public Works," aroused me from senti- ment, and after a hasty meal, I took a seat in the Harrisite vehicle, which had by then returned, and was shot out in company with some other voters in front of the Police Court, and was imme- diately taken in charge by a dark heavy- brewed democrat, who proceeded to sound me as to my intentions. "Because, if you understand," he said, brandishing his arms, "we have every- thing at stake to-day. The Liberal cause, if you understand me, the cause of the people as against that of the oligarchy-if you understand." "Yes, I understand," replied I, with some annoyance at the a doubts he threw on my comprehension, "but who is Harris?" "He's the party as is running with M'Kean, the friend of the poor. He stood at the last election, but retired so as not to have a split." "A what?" "I'll tell you in half a-dozen words," said a clever-looking middle-aged man, with a wealth of grizzled moustache and irongrey whisker. "He came forward last time, but one of the rascally papers actually doubted his existence, because he never made an address, and, not satisfied with his retiring, they affected to believe he was a female, and chased him back to his native mountains with ridicule! There's Conservative tactics for you; but he'll win the second seat ,this time, if we it are true to ourselves." "Do you know anything of him?" I ventured to ask. "No, but he calls himself a Liberal, and that's enough for us." The crowd had now swollen, the knots of eager talkers increased, and there, was a fair sprinkling of moderately mel- lowed voters. A number assembled round an odd sketch suspended from an adjacent tree guard. It represented the Ministry as snakes, and I was endeavouring to study its import when the talented artist, think- ing evidently that I was cynically dis- posed, accused me of being a penny-a-liner -I wish I were-and told me to do the work I was paid to do, without inter- fering with him. This was rough upon me, for I had no intention of speaking, but I reflected that this was quite of a piece with the tactics that refused Duffy a hear- ing on the Monday night previous. The bullying treatment decided my vote, and after scorching this tyrannical tribune of the people with a glance of infinite con- tempt, I walked straight into the poll- ing booth, received from the imperturb- able Mr Howitt my ballot paper, and voted for "M'Lean and Davis," simply because they belonged to the other side. My friend of the allegorical, picture ,was loquaciously expounding to the crowd, as I got outside again, the points of his artistic labours. Squatterdom was to he killed, and monopoly for ever abolished, the poor man was to have his just rights, and Billy Pearson-" Don't you talk about him," said a man in the crowd, "Didn't Mr Pearson set-you up with sheep and bullocks and give ye a start?" Roars of laughter, as the reporters say, followed this sally, and the popular lec- turer's jaw for a few seconds hung in a state of suspense as he regarded the man of memory with indignation. The attention of the throng now was diverted to a little blear- eyed ancient man, who looked as if he had been put away in a box for twenty years and brought out for this occasion only. It was soon dis- covered that he was a worshipper of Berry, and this circumstance, combined with his mildlewed aspect, suggested to a wag the notion that he must be the "Berry Blight" materialised, and by that name he was immediately christened. "Stand off, ye octopods," he said in guttu- ral tones, occasionally making a rush at the grinning larrikins who hemmed him in. "I am an old man who was never an enemy to any one but himself, and I tell you that for thirty one years runnin', we put in Viscount Palmerston for the Liberal party. 'That was down at a little place called Tiverton in Devonshire." "Was he a Liberal, though," asked a new acqui- sition to the Conservative ranks, who was distributing Berry's deadlock threats. "Yes, he wur, I always said it, and I, will always maintain it, and if any one wants to dispute it I'll fight him.. As for you, you ought to be hung up to the corner of the court there!" "What for ?""For distributing them bills !" The convert took this rebuff with ex- cellent humour, remarking that for his part he had had enough of the Berry mob. "Here Mr Maclanachlan," he said; turning,to a man who could pass for one of Cromwell's Ironsides; " take a bill and see what Berry says he'll do directly he gets back to power." The democrat ap. pealed to cast a tragic glance at the speaker. "Out of my sight, viper, ser-r pent," he replied, " you're enough to make the Ghost of Hamlet's father squirm to look at you. They ought to send you down to the wax works." "Faix, an' if they did," observed a man with a lonely eye and a humorous voice, who was standing near the fence, "all the rest of the figures would walk out." Great laughter followed this friction of wits, which was remarkable, for its thorough debonnair. "Here you are, Mr B," said the irrepressible, "take another dead- lock bill. That's what Berry promises you, and then you won't be able to get the money for the bridge, you know." "That's the beauty of Berry," said my friend Ironsides, "he don't stick at trifles. It's the very reason you ought to vote for him. Look at him (the orator now as- sumed the "eye of Mars and the front of Jove") the renegade! I'd rather be a dog and hay the moon than such a Roman." " I consider a man's a man who pays 20s in the pound," expounded another politi- clan. "And do you do that," enquired a lawyer, with great suavity, joining in the conversation. "Yes, I do," (with sus- picious hesitation.) "Oh, then, I'll do myself the pleasure 'of seeing you to- morrow, and you can settle that little County Court judgment that's been stand- ing against you so long" (Happy thought -never to speak too loud when a limb of of the law is close at hand.) "Here you are, going to fling your precious privileges away, if you dare," roared another orator, near Allegory. 'Reflect, consider, before you go into the booth; that on your vote may rest the fate of the colony. I tell you the Council has chucked out fourteen Mining on Private Property Bills." "We ain't got no mines in Sale, Charley," observed one of the audience. "' You'll be bartering away not your own privileges, but those of your children. That eliminating clause and the joint sitting will destroy manhood suffrage, and reduce us to the condition of serfs." "It will not," said a bystander, leaving the ring in disgust, "and you know it, sir!" Come back, come back," cried the speaker, hooking the air towards him with all his ten fingers, "and I'II argy the point with you. That's the way of them Conservatives; they run away from dis- cussion." "And the Liberals won't listen to it, eh; Charley?" observed a wag, in evident allusion to the manner in which Mr Duffy had been boohooed into silence; and the crowd laughed in keen apprecia- tion. "Well," retorted the tribune, "it was a lesson he wanted, and it will do him good. He shouldn't have come up here to interfere with another constituency." "You didn't say that when you got Berry to come up here twice to spout," persisted the malcontent." "Oh, you are a Con- servative in disguise; get out." A respectable elderly party now ab- sorbed some attention. He was evidently full of the Age, and was expatiating upon the safety valve that existed in England in the power of creating peers, which pro- cess he cleverly likened to watering the gin. The Berry Blight mobilised himself in front of this teacher, and evidently got dased under the verbal shower-bath of long words and misty constitutional law. Ob- serving this, and the fact of the speaker wearing a belltopper, suspiciously like my friend Mortimer's Sunday one, I whispered in the ear of the Blight, "Don't mind him, he's a cousin of Mr Pearson's." The effect was magical, the old fellow instantly created a ring, and called his teacher a "lop-eared old -," and went for him. As the day wore on the interest became intense, and the crowd between the Trea- sury and the Police Court became larger; but during the whole time, I am glad to be able to say, there was no ill-humour or fighting, and very little objectionable lan- guage. Regarding the result, with which every- one is now acquainted, the Conservatives may fairly claim to have scored a brilliant victory. They put in Mr M'Lean, now senior member, at the top of the poll, and but for the treachery of the central rail- way district they would certainly have succeeded in electing Mr Davis, who made a splendid fight of it. The. defeat of the party generally is only a defeat as regards the Reform Bill, and I believe it is a sure indication that the country will accept no scheme emanating from a party. They distrusted and refused Mr Berry's, and consequent partly on the misrepresentation to which it has been subjected, and of the Catholic vote, the constituencies have nega- tived Mr Service's, The best men of both sides should now form a coalition, exclude the Radicals and Sir John O'Shanassy, and ,remit the ticklish question of Constitutional Reform to a commission comprising the ablest and wisest in Parliament and out of it. ' I do not think Mr Berry would again court destruction by once more staking his. political existence on a Bill. If he shelves it for a while, and placates Sir John by giving him a place in the Cabinet, the move will be easily understood by the country, which well remembers the suspi- cion of a compact that existed between the heads of the Liberal party and the Archbishop two years and a half ago. Returning a moment to the local effects of the election, the railway league have certainly knocked their claims to an ex- tension from Traralgon on the head for ever. They were promised a survey, and accepted the promise in the full knowledge that the Ministry was going to the country. They have voted against that Ministry, and 'consequently' shown how little the railway enters into their calculations. The next Railway Commissioner is not bound by the promise of Mr Gillies, and remem- bering what Mr John Woods said of their. railway fad, I cannot help wishing that I had a better chance of winning £100 than the League has of a railway within the next fifteen years! 