AN AKOADIAN 1REVENG12. Bs JAires PATS,; . " Depend upon it,my dear eir, tbere is a system of compenention: I,, for example, oooqpy a position in tlie ootmtry beyond tny talents, while yon .possess talents that aro considerably above what is necessary—ahem —to v person of your condition ol life." Thie amesiiog speech uras addressed to mc confidentially, in the emoklDg-room o! oar common dob one night, by Mr. Dornoway- Dicko, alter we had dined together for the first time. It w?s late in Angast; tho olab was empty, ana I had invited him to loin tables, though X know him to bo an are, rather th?q dino alone. The baa tnaninay take a solitary meal without moral damage, and even toHbe pnblio advantage, since the onalora is mswkoleeomc, anil tonde to aborten life; bat to the good man it is harmful. Hi* thoughts, constant ai the needle to tho polo to what ie pare and good, are ontnraily attracted to himself, and his benevolent actions, his excellent motivet, his whole blnroolots career, pa§s' in review bofo.ro hii oyee, and ho becomes eelf- oonscioue and self? ooinplaoent.' Rather than run tho risk of this, having ordered my own raodout ripuat, I louVed up at Dornoway-Dioke, who, with hia glass painfully fixed in hi* eye, Trae scanning tho samo "limited carte""for the day, in doubt (aslguos?ed)aboutthe French observed,- "Shall we dino to g-other?" and ho hud replied, courteously, " Ohormed, I nm sure." . Aa a matter of /not, Mr. Dornosny.Dioke was a man not cany to charm ; it was not in Geuins (though np to tlmt date I don't think it had over tried it) to <lo no; and I believe even Beauty bersolt wonld have failtd in tbe attempt, unless , ehe had had a title to buck her. Mr. Dicko'e woaknoEe was for a lord—a vory oorataon one, of oourpo. but in his c?no i uonsnally pronounced. J.His oonvorsatiim was studded with titles oe the firmament is with stare; aod ho wuh in rc'spcot to them wbot Mr. Oorlyle, in relation 'to eruritnal [ things, oallg "terribly at cane in Zion"; that is, ho was shockingly familiar with curia and visoonntM, while an to beronotp, he would refer to them by their Christian niunce. To gay that his view* upon nil matters were oommonplaoo would have been fluttering to hie intelligence ; they wero conventional to anbllmity. ..-...,...,......, . , , " Qhoet stories nro absurd," 'argues'Cole-' rid?ii; '< beitanee, though men tell tie they have had stioh: an experience .it'-. ? : man did really ever : see'what he' ooiuftlly beHoved to bo a ghost, idititoy would at onots EUper vfliio;" but 1 ! firmly beliivo that Dornbway- Dioke would : hove' seen a ghost without the Jettiit injury to' hie intullectnal ppwprg:; not because ha was Hlroadj an idipi;, tint'(lndia-, pendtntly of that) because so tinoonvfntioDnl o flribjept: Bβ the euperiiiitaral had Bcvet enterca his mind: -"If the ghost' had' c , title, then, indeedi an impre?i>i6h might have been* made,- but it wbnld have been prbduoed' by hie tempor?l, not hie Bpiritnnl, lordship. In all matter? which eieroise' the , human mind,, from theology to Amoriean bowls, be took not interest j but I had boon inlOrmod—and warnbd-rthat upon tho Bubjeot of ihedignUy and position' of the Dornoway-Dioke family he oonld- utid wonld bevory diffuse if you were hot' careful.- He was a man, in short, to nod to, but not to speak witb, nnless- tho means of e?oape were handy. ???/? ':?:??' ??'?.. /??.-, '..'.'?. ???.,.?; Still, late in Angaat, at a London olab, otic cannot afford to be particolar, und having Buoh strong moral reasons for not diniug olone, I bad to dine with Doruoway-Dioke. Thero -wfts ono ciroumetanco, however, that really did attract.mo towards this gentlemftn, andmado mo wish for a closer acquaintance. It waa a much-debuted question in tho clnb whether ho vroro a wig or not, and I wanted to eolvo'it. If ho ! did do so (for even after dining with him I woe not euro), they were the best wigs that' over were. 1 cay wigs, becauao ho-ninst have had lots of them, for his , hair was sometimes short and eoniotiines long, iind Bonietimee just ns it ought to bo in the case of a, fashionable young gentleman of fifty-four. For there was this disadvantaijo about the distinguished position of the Dornoway-Bicko family, that; hoing in the' poerago—though it must ho confessed in a vcry,renioto and "presumptive , ' fashion— tho man's age -was known ? to a nicety. Thoro was then this point (aa to his wig) to bo cleared up, which Jromisod mc Bomb littlp exoitomont, and I was also curious to know-whether he talked of "tho Land" ?s though it were alive, which I wae assured he did. ''My infonnatibn upbu this point, as it turned out, woo correct. The''otto' BUpreiiie effort of originality which .Mr. Doruo'way-Diclio , hail miide was to per j ibonify the lundod interest in this peculiar fashion. . ..'/.?.. ' .' '..:'* '.'. . "AThat the Land wants, mr, ho would observe, very elowly and majosticiilly (so that you had plenty of timo to suggest to, yourself " top- drossing, ,, "coprolites," and what not) —"what tho Land wants, 'sir" (he always repeated this charming phrase), "is fair play." "'lho Land" wanted bo many things in tho coursQ of our" convereiitibn at dinner that I had begun to think it -some what exacting, and indeod to get a littlo impatient of Mr. Dornowny-Dicke uitiiBt;lf. Bin X am never; or at leaat httrdly ever, die. conrtedus, and' thongh bored to extremity, like a wooden ship, expbned to the eosion of the Teredo navalit, I it as though I had :beon made of iron. I hnd uejed tho map, td dinner, 1 and' in one zenta hail ccrloialj paid for it, so'felt constrained by tbd dutioe of bnepitality' to. be oiyil till' tho!meal was bvVir. .Whenit was flnisbed, and wo repaired to the. tmoMng-room, I had no jmob scruple. " Tho "Vine." says the olaeeio anthorl" ie the Evokor of Trntb," und thia ie even etill moro the capo with tho Cigar. Imagine, then, my .indignation at that.aniozing remark of my companion. "I, for example, ooeupy a position in the conntry beyond my tnlentx, while yon possoesislentu that are considerably above what is riecefi?ary—abeni—to B peieon of your condition in life." ?. " Pray," .said I, " Mr. Dornowoy-Dlcko, | confine yoar observations to yourself, as yon generally do. ? As to your talents, I nave no reason to doubt your own modest estimation of them, but as to your poeitibn'in the oonntry, I waa not awaie that you had any." , I hope'this wa? not rni!e. I ipoke In the gentlest tones qf which the human voice—- or At all events my voice—ie capable,'and in a manner that was certainly winning, for I felt that I'h?d sbored. To roy ootonishamnt, Mr. Doruoway-Dicke remained qnlto un roflltd ; bo-carefully removed the eah from tho end o! hU ci?iur with bli nignet-rbg, nnd answered, quietlyi almost humbly; "You qnite mlat?ko oe. 1 sold my poeltlon In (Aa country, of whlcb, yt ybu';'t?H mc, you know notbios.. You are not,.then, fatnili?r with M?flK*iwarz?l?hlr? f" ?.-.".''" " 1 was ctrttinly not. I bad heard of it, of course, bnt I frit rnyuolf toitunate in cot having to ipcll it. ? "Ah! r thought ?b," he continued , , blandly. You ihoulij come down to Dorno way Court end ??o 'ustf at heme. Then you wbuld undeiituid '.why I don't oftener visit i London. In ? town I. am,' comparatively [ tpcsJrlog, nobody, but in M?ugelwuiM)?hlre [ — What do you ?ay, nan,, to ituiolDg down tone fbr the fii?t week in September 1" ' i Five inin?tes' httojto' I.'.(Upuld bate e?ld J" " ;Ko " 'vltfaiottt the ?llgut??t heUUtlon j'-bof I the ooti?geoue vanity of the inan'i Bunnn : t!ekUd'Be'W;tHeV,i?Q?\;vt'faU.^ttbw ; tliuae nutives of MnEgelwutaeliiUro to whora Mr. Doraow?y-Dlckoappiiitad ,^t?fc;oi"pffson i btiriipoirtause; and, 'mojrebw?r,';i;hiwt np.t;Jtf&;; eU'cwiir^d'.whetlioirV^e'.iifbw-^.'i?lit.'ToJ'ep^ 1 *' Tho.wonV p?rt of rlddU, ?< as of love, ft the pMtlng;" iPornoiriy.Dkky*' parting:^?^:peH?o^'And" so delleate tn'it' oiie wdtiM h iwr almost;' raid : it had fii(Bn"?'oeotiil ! : 'by"K^asdtf:h*s3i: I Amoog tho nlmpkt inhotltoate ol Arcidt?h? might tike: ???? leu extreme' ptecon tion* - te deceive the publla; wad h'n'citUtSljr i;nbt >?t, i* cut iW'-'eW.;.w?ly.??'- ofteu;>i" I i?ni ';; borne' '?'&?' Doifipwiiy 1 <Jo?ftt' with plcasuw," I aald; Mjd en the ?ppblnted a?j Twenty ''v ; .'; ????- :-;\ : ;.-VlmpotUnt ?i my ho?t'i p?ilUeii la tte lit. it io?u;'':?ir though te, : .wer?;? publio cfe?racter. ???; Suffloi' .it'.to;.?aj" thsis he >M b?tUr a? Uoibo. thaa i abrold (or ftt lent, In London) j ?jjd ??.' hU ?furnlly weM pleneiint peoplo, ?nd hio hoiii* fall of cheerful eomp*njr,'J did nob rtgtet my visit; ' Tbi '? Cpuit/'wilui loved to e?U U, was, liowever, ( ?o peonllitthat I mu?t i?y ? few 1 worde' nbout it. It ttu the only edifice wftliwWofrl'atni e^uifnted'wWoUgifijli?td' aiiti-Bpiih aa'ieiipaclH' uewkaaa, but built and i mni?he3 in the mVdi&Ml; elyl*..'?'??A." grardi-' driVe;- rolUil; to'?.?p'eiVtict'ibe, Teij up 'to , c Its which was' lniirted V Mttlb; hole' barrtd withirdu for jiuVpoxSa'of Mplal. Through : thin..tlie porlar wae : Mppoetd, (tVough 1 ; h1?' : never; did it) to Ufco cbguleanoeot the ap proaching visitor, poapefui, to unbair the massive bolts of tho great door to let Win in; Everything in- ihe: house: -waa .apparently of tho tame, epooh, but in reality about three years old; In tfafc Uining-room waa 'a fireplace ?s big a?i?ri ordinary parlonr, oiid before which pnu would not have bi;?n swrprfitd to sai , a p?l* of trunk-hoiff ?M>'g? oc> couplft of jack-boot*; The a!debo?rd; to ?the-modern'iftnd in?*tlatio, eye; Kuetnblnd a kitchen dresieir: while In tliaraoicnieg-room ,w?a m spinnihg.whoal with thefl?x in ;.Ufj ft" though tbeibtitty houicfwifs" h'?d v ju?s been" culled ew?y froni th?t oor;upation tb BUperin tend tUe ponetruoticn uf .v veulson pasty, or to iumie orders/or tho entcrtninmsut ot tho company invited to the monow'n tournsiieeut. Tlieso rididtiloua' 6bj6bt?, ; tta I e'Oon dl>- covored,w?irb designed to persuade the public that the Dornowoy-Diokes" tbom?Divos we're mediroval, an'4'|?'ed'ree|d?d , ..Bt'.ihe ,; M'Oourt"'. for tho last six hundred jeers. uWlibreas, as n matfer of facr, they Were newcomers; In' the cbnniry, even though you are diela tly connected with the peerage; this iari ecriouo 1 obstnolo.to "position," and tba whole of my host'B gi(jahlio ibtellcol wile eonbeotreted on sttttining it.'. Ho hadbpen" celled upon" at .oubo by every bito in ihe (iouiity within o oironit of twenty-fivo miles, exoept One. I write it rovcrculinlly with a cubital 0, for it wfl? " The' Drik?," I am not:, of oouree Bpealiing of tho lute Dulse of Wellington j in Mangolwutzel?hUpi as in every other ponnty; tho Pbto was tho dnlte who lived tlreie—hi? Grace of Turniptops, This divlnitj l was still a young man,, uumartied, And uot niuoh tjlvtin to o&U; on anybody; and for three long j yeara all the efforts of tho Dornowuy-Dickoa had boon nuavAiting to induce him to honour tho " Ooart" with hie uuguet presonoe. Two montbs ogo, however, be htid pout bin oard by, a mounted messenger, and one month ugo—oh, joy of joyel—he had acoopteil nn invitation to a gurden party at the bouso fur one of the very days on whioh I was to remain its guo6t. .' . It won juet alter this graolone proinieo had Leon gtyon that Mr. Dornoway-Dlokehodmsdo hie npjionrunoo at tbo club, to make ntrnngc incnt? with Qunti'r; Dud now that I knew the ciroumslent'ie, I was Dot only .not eurprised ?V thu mogniflconoo of hie doportmeut qu tbaVocoaelon, but aeioniehed..that bo ehpula nave bten pb es be vnt,. My private impveenion in (hut ho utked mc down to Dorniiwiiy Odiut not bo raniibif rum peVeotial uSacVuii) as to pt'ourti an udditioiml wiluflee to his'..Bbeial' triumph ; but Ihut its neither here nor tlicio. Tlie Duke watj comii-R, ami the'iomiiy wt'ro: in ft etntb o! lioitomept jure, I ebculd hope, in Hahwill, and riot Liabitaiilly ?xhU<itcd oven n<. Oroaclmoor.' ?The groat Hubj>>ot of diEOUfl?ibn among tlioiu for weclig had beenj who was to be inviltid to mci.t tho JDukn T and it wue not, exbanetfd yet. Everybody—who;wait any body—had been asked oxbept the' Titbati; and the knotty point that oould not bo i?f.ltlod wae whutbor thteo pebplo chould bo aeked or not. Oaptitiu and Mrs. Tllbut v.'?re their itnutdiate neighbours; tb(iir lawij tebtiie giouudfl were, in fact, contlguons, uDd the two fuaiilSoe, tlioagb not abeolntely on a frii'iidly fobtlng, wore well known to one another. Yonng Titbat, whona'pliiyor was nau'ting, bad euuietjwufT even b'oea irlvitod to mdku up?; tho party' at their favbritd amusement; and when, the balls 1 went over' tho wiio' fence that separated tho two domains, tho juvenile Titbate did not pretend (as timid ydtiiig pebple would) that thoy were loot, but would honestly oboclt them book again. Still, the Titbats were not iitnung the Ootinty Families; noy anythlug like it. Their eflorte—far more desperate tunntbovo of the Dornoway-Blukiie—hadmleerably end utterly (ailed in that direotion. It wag not bo muoh that their monolou was'too emftll to bo reokonmi as a oonDtry bourn , , that their paddock could not by ony etrain of oourtc?y be called a park, or that their orna mental lake wae an undeniable pond. There was something omleu—l never could find but what— about Mra. TUbst. : , She wne a wouieu—l uacu b?hejd hei, and under circuaiet?no?? t can never forget—of large proportions ant) hirnut* aapeot (indotd, alio had A vejy rteptolnblo be&rd;); her complexion ,?run rubicund, and to tnu un charitable might >?etn to ludicito that ohii indulged in liquor, though 1 nevtr hoard that the did eoA Whatever was wrong with her hud happened so long sgo that it would have been'much better and kinder other feliow-oreaturea to have forgotten it. Bat tho fact remained that Mre. Titbat wa? not "viol ted," oor would tlie Pornow?y-Dicko? have dreamed of ossing bee to their garden p&rty; oxoept lot that contiguity, to Rhscr) I h?ve referred, of tbclr luwn-tennls grounds, The Duke, it waa known, was devoted to the gam*; and if tliu two grounds could bo thrown iiito one, it wu felt by ill the foinily that it would have bten an lmrnumn improvement. This could scarcely bo dono, however, without asking Mra. Titbut'a permission, nnd., el?o tho plunjuro of hei company; and upon tb? whole Itwasjudgod best to leavo mutter* cc they werw. The wiro fencing bttwten the twq lawns wan no very clightthat they really looked to be one and the tamo,'end as there w?n plenty of ground for tbo Coke to play upon, he would probably never dltoovcr that both the bwru did not belong to Dor now ?y Court. In the oonreo of the intimaoy that exittod between tbe junior member* of tho two families, the young Pornowoy-Dickofl, with a (rankneee obaraotorietio of their age, !ind told the youog'TiSbais that tho Duke was oorclog on Friday to play lawn tennis, but that none but tip-top (not Titbat) pebplo were to bo aikcd to meet him; nor woe eveni this tho wore*, for it had certainly been hinted by elder membora' of tbo /smily, in view of the iDggeslei BtO?lgsjnatiou (if the tennis grounds, that euch good; neighbour*. as Captein and Hr'fl. Titbat wculd certainly bo inoladcdiu tha invitation llet. 1. To explain what follows I must add thtt Mie. Titbat beteolf waa firmly pcreuadod that ibe would be among the gaost*, nod was transported with the idea ol it; for the being aeked "to ' meet ilio l)nkn of Tumiptopa" (ac nee stated 09 Che eatdt) ,w??| in XUngolwumolehire like being proignttid at oourt, and At onoa both whitewashed and.glided the invited. One baa heard ol ifao Uβ ot the tigrpat when robbed ot her young, but *hat U that when compared with tho itat* o( mind oi a lady of bUmiibed .reputation ?no hud porau?ded heteell that it mil b?xehabyitaton, and that in the most ?p!ondld fashion,' and then ' suadenlyfluiU that ehe h*i been given tba eoU ihonldetr Mm. TUbal hud aftually ordered a dree* from London in whlau y> ?ppear bcf?r? ale Grace ol Tamlptopi. ?nd the eight of It, as Jt finng neeleaa In but wardrobe, ?ov?aooiod her whole b?flg, M, though ?ho bad worn it, and it had been tho garment ol NtSiem. -Sh? elutchod tho akJcU ot Hopo to the yery latt. bnt when Friday morninsr arrived, and no invitation had come, it flod from' bar coal, and was replaced by tho dciiro (or vengeance. If, the Dornowny-Dlokes could bat have known what wae pausing in that injured lady's mind, they might have been reminded ot those wnxnintf llnea " L?t vrliott eint l?te?fc Jwpo i? fl?d, yo ta?te ot oor Asdleai-i'b/pTeoJ in Rome nild Y our how?e?li tho wretched dare," or ovon if that quotation hud not ooourred to them, I am quite euro they would havo aaked her to their garden party oven nfc that eleventh hour. The gxioist3 arrived, , and in duo course— —that ie to Bay, exceedingly late—tho Duko. Tho meeting of his Graoo nnd my host and hoateas was positively affecting. I thought Mr. Dornoway-Dioko would novtr leavti off shaking hie hand, and that his wifo would havo kieaed it. However* ho got awny at fact to luncheon. About 1 two bnndred peoplo bat down to it, a ecleot, twenty on racdiioval ohaira. and tho rest on mcoh raoro comfortable but common ones. A dO2on of the Jaet hud been borrowed, days ago, by the housekeeper, without her ruisrrisss'e knowledge, from tho Titbftte. Tho host enjoytd himuolf us iHOBt people , do under similar oircnnlstancos; that js to cay, ho wk?intoti?ely miscrabloand anxious, but buoyed up by tho thought that it would nil bo over presently, and ho would havo " his friend tho Dulco of Turniptope" to - talk about for tho rest of hie Utttura.l life. After luuoheon we oil repaired to tho lawn* tennis yronnd. " Whet a oapitttl lawn you hevo 1" observed tho Dnkc, " und what a goad plan that ia ol dividing your grouud !" Ho was referring, of course, to tho iron fenoing, . " It woe a plan of my wifo'e," obeorved Mr. Dornoway-Dioke ; (or, iw the other lawa wbb voeunt, there wee really no need. to inCimsto that it belongod to somebody oleo. A silt youth of tbo county and ono ot its gilt yooug Indies wero eoleoted (or ono eide, - and his Grace and Miss Dornoway- Piolte for tho other. Tho rest ol tho company stood round in atlitndee of rctpeotful Admiration. They wore juat , about to begin nbon tho Duke obsorverl, " Hullo I what the deno? ie thieT" The eiolanifttion waa canned by the appear,- anoo of Urn. Titbat, uplendidJy attirod, and followed by alt her maidservants; some ol tbuw carried baeltots of linou, and others lines and olotboe-propn, In the course of ft ? Jow minotc? thn whole oi tho Titbat family, linen wad hunting on tho lino; eomo of the ' artioies wrro vt ry pr/iuoucced in ehapo, and beonrae muob moro bo when inflated by the breeze, wbioli aleo (an they woro purpoaoly.. bung olose to tho wlro-fi'Doing) c?Triod their grr.colul folds right over the Duka'n head, Tho game wae bogun, but presently an ftnmcaso potticont bjokn loobp, nnd nfter eddying doubtfully for a few moments, nettled upon theOiiUo himself, who emerged from it with difficulty,imd with a. frig tful' cxeotutiuii. lie throw duw'n hia rnokci, und euid something I oould not cutoh j indeed, 1 fl<<d into n neighbouring arbour, and gftvo niyaolf up to Bnch paroxyems of miith as almost threatened mo with dis solution. I with conpoious of great excitomenfc among Iho oouipaay without, and heard what aounded liko tho hurried departure, of soma of thorn, but I was pouitivoly inoapnble of aacertnining what wa? golttg on. Tho vision of all Alangohrurzolsbiro'a noLilcat us they stood around that fatal place, nnd pretended to ignore tho fact that tho very firmament .was darkened above thorn by tho Titbut family linos; and thi'U the epoctntfo of that petticoat (Iβ. sceudiug upon bh Grace's brow, and ot bimeelt from it, wae always too much, for mo. I eat in tho arbour and fairly wept. Pfcspatly, after soverftl ? aovcro reltipses, I became eonocioua ot a, oempanion. . Jtaaldo mo tat a llttlo man, bald Vβ a knob on tho centre of a front door, nnd ownariDg Hoftly, and α-t it wero thought fully, to himself. It waa only by hie voice that I reoo?nini'dllr. Dernoway-Dioto. "My dour Dicko," I munnurod, for t felt it ziPcc??iiry to nay nomothiug , , "wily aro you bore f why aro you not entertain ing—l did not venture to nioution the Duko—"your guosta P" , " He's gone,' , ho aaid. It waa plain he'; ?was only thinking of ono of them. "It' , Tint all on account of that infernal Mrs. Titbat. It's her own x>olticoat; it's marked' with an M nnd a T." I nodded, and hold out my hand ai , though to ontreal him to sparu liitD?ulf the recital of the catastrophe, I folt'ready to , ' expire. " But aro ull tho rest of tho people gono ?" I lnurmurod. " What do I caro ? Yob. No. What ? terrihlo day." " But, my dear picko," I said, beginning - oincorcly to pity him, " it will nuver do tot you to atop licro; you must not deeort your , friends." . f, "No, that's true," ho onsworod, rising "- feably and moving towarde tho house, ' " iJut you hava forgotten something." "Huvolf WhatP Oh yos, my? ??!??"; It lay on tho floor of tho arbour where ho' had irung it in his frenzy. Ho stooped and; put it on Mechanically and hind before;' This I ventured to remedy, and ho thanked > mo in feeling tonce. "Bo yon think ho' will over como again P" he whiuperod;<j" eagerly. "Wo wae very nn/?ry. Ho' thought they were our own clothes hungr out to dry. I vbowed him tho M. and tho - T. Hut ho would pay no attention. It'ie ft dreadful blow." ?' And it really hurt poor Dornowfty-DtofoJ', i , exceedingly. Uμ had not rieon the noxt '' morning whon 1 came up to town? and all t tho family wero very muchuappreeeod, a* though there hod been it death in' the , ' ioue?, Ho hae been to the dub onco since,'- ' lin a more beautiful wig than over, but of' count) it can aover deceive mc- I DJiked,;. " If off aro all at homo t" ?. ' "Pretty well, I thank you." he'said >" " that i>, a* well sq can bo expected. He hoi nover been near tbo place since." Of courao I know that by tho personal pronoun he meant " tho Bake." i A DWimeunnjin tod loae-wJnded lawyer lately iihaiii s criminal fully, and at the end of the trlel tiie' judge 1 >r . .reefilvioa the foHowiag note: "Ttii pri?oe(* u V ; : bamWy'mej" *?>** the Mmc oeonplea j bj ! ihe J :;v: ploft'of the' eoaboil loi'Ujo defenoa be ooulittSl ? In the eentenoe."- .-'? ': : >; : -?????,: : ?.: ; -'..;;-; 