NOTES FB&-M SYDNEY^ From a \\- series ? of articles on 'Sydney Ke visited,' by a 'Victorian,' which have appeared ihiJ'He ? Australasian, we extract the following:— The building trades seem to have had a good time rtf ifc'for some years back. In the city proper one sees on every hand chungea, improvements, and additions. Edifices for the more convenient transaction ! of* the annually-expanding public business have been erected. Warehouses' and other buildings for mercantile or monetary pur poses have supplanted ancient tenements or filled up ugly gaps. The Buburba are extending rapidly, and on many, a site formerly unoccupied, to be matched nowhere in these colonies except in the surroundings of Sydney, villas have arisen. At the present, moment there is a temporary depres sion in some, branches of these trades, but it is expected that it will not last long. In all coun tries the labour market is subject to fluctuations, anctNew South Wales cannot expect to be an exception. -?:?.—, The population of the colony has increased very rapidjy of late, Jwhile ours has been little changed. According to '), the estimates of the registrar general, there were in June of last year 712,016 persons in ;New South Wales — an increase of over 100,000 in five years. Next to Victoria it is the most populous colony in the Australasian group, and similarly Sydney is next to Melbourne. At the present rate of increase the positions will be reversed within 10 years, and Sydney will regain the supremacy as .' Queeii City'of the South,' she lost in 1851, when our gold attracted all the world- and his aunt to our shores, i It behoves us, therefore, to look to our laurels or this will assuredly be the case. Their territory contains now within 160,000 of our population, and (this is, or ought to tie, a startling fact for our politicians and the non-typical working man) the increase has-been over '200,000 souls in less than 10 yearB. ' The population of Sydney is now close on two-thirds that of Melbourne. This comes of immigration, the natural increase, and sound financial policy, and idiotic legislation and administration on our part. Poor Victoria ! We have only the natural increase to look to. We have a free-trade and immigration-promoting colony on each flank, and Heaven knows they would be very ungrateful were they to say we had not been neighbourly. We have sent them our trade, or the best part of it, and made their ports the depots of our ocean fleet of steamers. Our population they have had freely, particularly New South Wales, and we have even sent a very large Blice tof our capital across the River Murray. Three years of most infamously bad government just about finished what others, who ought to have known better, had begun. Three years more would about have squelched us. With diph theria and measles on hand at present to keep our ' natural increase' in check, our working man before referred to need be under no appre hension o£ any undue redundancy of population for a year or so at least. The Sydney financiers, politicians, and mercan tile men have a grand crow over us in reference to the matter of the floating of their loan in London so much more successfully than we did three-fifths of ours. They chaff a Melbourne man immeasurably, and keep reminding him they had no V Embassy,' not a ghost of one. They never sent, they say, a loquacious, conceited man, with a simple- minded (that's putting it mildly) guide, philosopher, and friend to annoy the Downing Btreet officials, and make asses of the people of the colony they represented. And yet they got their loan without humiliating conditions, and on more favourable terms than ' the great, the premier colony of Victoria ' was enabled to accomplish, Berry, Pearson, and all— nO, all but Afncanus— thrown in. The worst of it was, there was no refuting the fact. We had but to bow beneath the rod, and ' yield to fate, but : hub to Mr. Uraham Berry. Joking apart, it was not a. pleasant thing for an old Victorian, Hu o' ,aPPetiaer for breakfast, when one cocks the Si/dne// Alomhiff Herald up against the loaf or the cruet-stand, to read morning after morning 7-nl uVY South Wllle3 4 per cent, debentures Btiu held their supremacy of place over ours. Inis waa ' a change of market days,' as the ocotcn say. However, since we nave lost Mr. Berry and hiscrew, things havegotmore equalised, and the discrepancy is disappearing. The regulations for the conduct of the Immigra tion department and the administration thereof are admirable. They are essentially the same and l j e,(l.ualled °y the Adelaide ones, which we lauded in these columns some few years ago, and this is saying a good deal. We can best describe the system in the language of the exhaustive and able ' International Supplement' of the byaney Morning Herald :—' On arriving in Port Jackson, information in afforded the immigrants respecting the labour market and the prospect ot employment in the various parts of the colony, and free passages by railway or steamboat to tne country districts are supplied to all when ? % le,ave tne citv- There is no undue haste 'i discharging the immigrants from the vessels. tmT' a PeoPle, with their children, and un married men, are permitted to remain on board icmr days after the ship anchors, and unmarried women are landed and received into the institu tion called the I in migrants' Home, where they are allowed to remain eight days, and where inose who desire situations as domestic servants may readily find them. This liberal system of immigration, which has been in operation three years has been readily responded to by people in other countries desirous of improving their r,ond'V?n m l»fe, and who find for the moat part wiat tins colony offers advantages such as they Old' '{I^enlise in overcrowded countries of the r3ttiilwu3' extcnaion ha3 been carried on at a j rapid rate lately, and isstill being pushed forward wth energy. An expenditure of over five and nvj . 'uU'ons, for the purpose of continued l*,ten8I0-». was, last year, agreed to by the LeKiH thev Over 700 miles of railways are in use, and nn tiPUy 'l9- ^l'- uer cent, per annum interest 'ii ihe outlay. Taking into connideration the If,V ,peat difficulties they havo to contend with, with wo llav« 'ot got. their extensive territory, ' ' a Population under ourn on our too-limited tni. V1.0 1 nlm°st impugnable range of inoun Ytnn h ,-rana Parallel to tlio coiwt, thci rivers nml ?l l lmble to d«reful floods) to ho crossed, lil™ t i noiJ;Poaao88ion of an engineering geniua innar k U ,Wood8. ttsq-, we think this result W»uac b? jooked upon m moat; satisfactory, UDon^ -ifcT detBer^ea to be congratulated upon it. J heae extensions tend to brinir more n£Tfo^ry PSPle llbo thue cit* to tr*n'act bus' nffi~« mei^u°ne throu«h the post and telegraph offices, and this accounts for the more crowded state of the streets and the greater activity therein since we formerly perambulated them! l«o ^ thal raiulway.8 have been extended, we Jhpv v. Kreatei ha«been the amount of interest they have earned, while the cost per mile of con struction has decreased. Melbourne and Sydney thioS^nSl6^1^1^ huand8 by mil- ^should the Queenshinders embrace the London project nL?Kme to.,CarPenta'a, the' New South Wales northern railways must of necessity be carried on to_Bri8bane, and a man from Melbourne, or say Hamilton or Portland, will be able to go to Torres Straits without leaving- a.Pallman palace . In the matter ^building atone the Sydney ites nave a consideruole advantage over us The sandstone, of which so much of the city is built, is at hand at Pyrmont. It is more easily worked, and has a comelier appearance than our uncheerful Milestone, and the white Oamaru stone, of which we import so much, must cost more than it, to the extent of t.h« fmir»v.* i» coming from so far. - ° ?The ?ydney University got advised of a grand windfall when we were there. Ah old Sydney merchant, Mr. Challis, who had made his money in New South Wales, died at home, bequeathing to that institution the munificent sum of £100 000 Invested at 5 per cent, interest this ? will 'exactly double the usefulness of the University. The Government endowment being only £5,000 per annum,: the chancellor and senate have been unsuccessfully endeavouring, to get it increased or doubled, and here the thing is done at once for them from an unexpected source. It is impossible to over-estimate the good their acquire ment of such a sum will enable them to do. In a decade the manufactories in New South Wales have increased threefold. Four-fifths of these, or thereabout, are situated in the county of Cumberland, which includes the metropolis. During the same period commerce has extended at a rate much beyond ours, and the shipping trade, calculated by the gross tonnage inwards and outwards, is 30 per cent, over what it was 10 years ago ; and our neighbours uphold the policies of free trade and immigration. These are nuts for Dr. Knagga, Mr. Thomas M'Pherson, Messrs. Longmore, Mirams, and others to crack. From a pamphlet recently put into our hands detailing the 'proceedings' of the Mansion house Committee for the relief of the distress in Ireland during the months of January and February, 1880, we find New South Wales came close up to us in the promptitude of remittances then — namely, £19,500, with £4,500 more^ named in an addendum up to March 9 — total, £24,000 ; Victoria, £20,000, and £4,350 up to the latter date — total, £24,350. By the latest returns from Sydney they have remitted up to the 21at of May £28,000. At same date Mr. Fitzgibbon reported that his fund amounted to £29,147. Considering the disparity between the populations of the two colonies, this speaks creditably of our neighbours. We do not mean to attribute to them, as a people, more generous hearts than our population have, but we think we are justified in drawing the inference that it indicates a greater state of general prosperity. . While we were there, in November and Decem ber, the weather waB heavenly— gentle showers in the night-time, and charming cool days. We have, however, in times gone by felt it hot pnough occasionally in the latter month, and in January and February. There is generally, however, a sea breeze in the afternoon to temper it. Spring and autumn are delightful, and winter is very pleasant, except with a south-east gale, and rain, as it appears to us, it can only rain in Sydney. But, as a Melbourneite may contend, we, also, have progressed in' that period to some extent. We have erected an Exhibition building, and a more expensive one.. We have bult offices for the public departments— uglier than theirs, we admit. We are nearly finishing a grand edifice for the Supreme and other courts. Banks have been, and are being, built; and our Harbour Trust is vigorously at work improving the navi gation of the River Yarra. Granted ; but the answer to that is the same as to other points of comparison we have mooted — look at the respec tive populatious of the two capitals. Sydney has a grand future before her. With the immense territory of New South Wales, com puted at 310,938 square miles; with a seaboard of 800 miles, from Point Danger to Cape Howe, breast on to the Pacific, and plenteous harbours; with fertile plains for agricultural and pastoral purposes, and almost unlimited supplies of minerals, including coal — the development of theHe resources is scarcely more than begun_ — it cannot but be a great colony before the twentieth century dawns upon us ; and, par consequence, the metropolis must become a great city, mayhap the greatest in Australia. Gold is, of course, the principal mineral. ' Rich as has been the yield of gold,' we are told from good authority, there is abundance of evidence to show that the auriferous resources are yet far short of their full development. The quartz veins have not yet been worked to any extent except in a few localities. ' The «old production is on the increase,' said the late Rev. W. 13. Clarke, the eminent geologist; and if pro spectors will but go into the districts that abound not far from the vicinity even of gold-fields, where no pick or spade has been employed, now ground will assuredly be found. Coal comes next, and that colony enjoya the specialty of being the only one in the Australasian group possessing it in unlimited quantities. The car boniferous area is said to exceed that of England, France, and the Netherlands combined ; much of this area lies near the sea coast, and the prin cipal mines ure within easy access to the ' ports of Newcastle and Wollougong.' All our steam vessels use Newcastle coal, which is only esti mated as 7 per cent, inferior to the best Welsh. All our gasworks, all our railway b throughout this ::olony, all our manufactories, anil all our house hold hearths are supplied by the coal out of New South Wales. The .strata go below Sydney itself md underneath the harbour, and borings are now Doing made in the vicinity thereof to teat the pos sibility of opening up paying mines ; so the people A Sydney may possibly have fuel at their own doors in the same way they havo now good building 3tone, and unexceptionalli/ goocl drinking water. 