TOBACCO CULTIVATION IN INDIA. Tub progreeB of tobacco cultivation in the North-west last year was (observes tho Timtt of India of December 22) very oncouraging. Kvory class of manufactured tobacco iBbeing turned out. There is no kind of tobacco which cannot be manufactured of a quality equal to that of the same olaeo of American, and it ib well known that Amonca does not ship her best qualities to tho Indian market. Orders have come from Australia, and arrango monts havo boen made to sond consignments to Now Zealand of tho manufactured smoking tobaccos. The French Government have already asked for and rooeived samples, which thoy have pronounced to bo bettor than any thoy havo had from India before, and they have shown their practical appreciation of its quality by asking for a larger consignment for trial to tho extent of 1,000 lbs. or 1,500 lba. ' Bohemian,' in The Week, writoa :— Although not an Irishman myself, eithor by birth or education, yet my deepest sympathies aro with the peoplo of that nationality, and always havo been as long as I can remember. Why this should bo the case I cannot say, unless it ii that the IriBh are an oppressed and down-trodden rare, and I inathctivel/ side with tho weaker party. In tho old country I had a etronjr n r 'sentiment that tho demand for ' Jus tice toIreland'waB only a reasonable) and proper request on tho part of the patriots of the sister Kingoo-n sol 'wont in' for Justice to Iro .' nd \v...li an earnestneea and vehemence which might fairly bo called enthusiastic, and I have continued to advocato tbojo claims to the present day. But alack and alas-a-day ! The sanguinary Saxon is still too many for tho Irish Celts, and I am beginning to lose heart and hope in the possibility of eeenr ing justice to Irishmen in any part of the British Dominions. It seems more and more evident to me that tho Iiish under British rule will always suffer more or less — generally more — and that their only hopo of emrnoipation from the ' galling yoke' is to start a little Republic in Ireland on their own account. I never was in Iroland to see with ?_ y ov... eyes how the invader crushed out the native in everydireotion, but in Queensland here during tho last sixteen yeprs or so I have watched the process most carefully, and it is scarcely necessary for me to aay that my blood has boiled with indignation at tho cruel wrong and injustice which Irishmen have been mado to suffer in this colony during that time. No Irishman has a ghost of a chanco of goitiug employment under tho Government ; cvory Irishman is Bnubbod and Bent about his busi ness with a ' flea in bis ear,' metaphorically speaking. And this has been the rule for many years past, Queeislanders sternly determined that thev would havo do Ififh officials in thiB colony, and they havo kept their word. From tho highest office to the Iowe3t whero can you Pnd an Irishman f I hops when Pauell has thoroughly convinced the people of the Uniftd Slat -sa of the wrongs of his countrymen that ho will lake a trip over here, and rousa us to a senee of duty also. It seems, according to Paruejl, that the cruellest injustice the Irish tenant farmer has now to enduro is the paying of rent for the land he holds. Tho owners of the land demand rent from those who occupy it, miii persist in this outrageous demand with a cold-blooded malignity awful to witness. Paraell bus got up an anti-rent paying associa tion, or something of tho kind, among tho tenant farmers of his own country, but some of tho members aro not firm enough, so ho has taken a trip to the United States to strengthen the cause, and get tho Americans to help tho tenant farmers of Ireland in resisting this tyrannical and unjust impost. Every right minded man must wish him success* in bis enterprise. I do hopo Parnell will como to Queensland when he has finished off with America. The late Mr. J. T. Delane, formerly editor of The Times, was buried on Saturday, Novem ber 25, at Eaathampstead, Berkshire. None but near relatives followed tho hearso as mourners and all the undertaker's trappings of mourning were dispensed with. At tho gate of tho churchyard the body was met by Mr. John Dasent, Mr. Walter, II. P., Mr. .Arthur Wultor, Mr. Henry Walter, Captain Walter, Mr. Courtney, M. P., Mr. Cpird, Mr. Henry Hoeve, Mr. Charles Shaw, Mr. Wethorall, the editor, the manager, and several othor members olThe Times Btaff. The Roctor of Eaathamp-. stead, tho Rev. Osborne Gordon, read tbo be -ial service. 