" BIRTH AND GROWTH OF THE UNIVERSB." Mr. Proctor delivered his last lecture, which was entitled " Birth and Growth of the Universe/' on Wednesday evening, July 21. He announced that he had been asked several questions by letter, and he proceeded to answer them. He said that he regarded the ice-theory of comets as fallacious, as the tails of comets, which were supposed by that theory to be tracks of steam following in the wake of comets, were known not to consist of steam, and did not always travel behind a comet, but sometimes at an angle, and when a comet had passed the Sun its tail travelled in front of it nucleus. It was now known that Venus possessed no satellite, or if it did, such satellite must be smaller than either of the moons of Mars. The supposed discoveries of last century of a Venus satellite he regarded as instances of a well-known telescopic illusion sometimes called an "optical ghost." Neptune had a satellite discovered by Lasoelles and seen by Otto Strove, and the only donbtfol point was whether or not that planet possessed too satellites. The ring of asteroids did notat one time form a single planet, and the bursting-up theory was exploded, as it was in consistent with the known movements of the planets. After argning tbat science was tho roughly in accord with instead of being opposed to religion, he proceeded to consider Laplace's theory of the evolution of the universe, and said that to that theory most be added the process of meteoric aggregation, which materially assisted in the formation and growth of planets. The addition of that prooess to Laplace's theory accounted for the ap parently irregular arrangement of the planets in respect of relative sizes and positions. Proximity to the Sun, while being unfavourable to the formation of a planet on account of the rapidity of velocity it engendered, was favour able on the other nand, on account of the'region nearer the Sun being richer in meteoric matter, which fed the forming planets. Thus there would be a given distance where these two opposing effects of velocity and meteoric wealth would be so balanced tbat tbat region, would be most favonrable to the formation of a planet. Taking Jnpiter as being at that mean distance, the conditions of the two laws wonld lead ns to expect to find just the arrangement of large and small bodies that we did find in the solar system. The ring of aste roids were described as being in such a region— exposed to great disturbances from Jnpiter, and possessing great velocity of motion—as would lead us to expect, in accordance with his theory, to find what looked like " a planet spoiled in the making." He thought that it was probable that there was another ring of small bodies like the asteroids between the path of Mercury, the smallest and nearest to the Sun of the planets of the solar system, and the central mass of the Sun. He believed that a number of observations supposed to relate to an intra Mercurial planet really related to such a ring of small bodies. The thick strewing of stars in the Milky Way, and the crowding of star cloudlets—which were believed to be nebular streams in process of separation into solar systems—away from the Milky Way, he regarded as evidence of the existence of a mighty un discovered law. The lecture was illustrated by numerous views. 