Extraordinary Action. COMMITTAL OP DEPENDANT POE PERJURY. ' lîî the Supremo Court on Thursday, before Mr. Justioe Windeyer and a jury of four, the case of grose and another v. Wilson was oonoludcd. jr. Darley and Mr. Pilcher, instructed by Mr. Colyer, appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Bogers, instructed, by Messrs. Bull and Bull, for the defendant. The plaintiffs, Elizabeth Grose and dilbert Hunter Smith, executors ef tho will of tho Jate Jamos Harvey Grose, sought to recover from Andrew Wilson, .landlord of tho Woolloomooloo Eoyal Hotel, oornor of Crown and and William ètreeta, Woolloomooloo, certain articles, comprising à piano, two buggies, a mare, two diamond . rings, and a set of gold studs of the value of ¿6105, those being goo3s belonging to tho deceased Jamos Harvey Groso, but claimed by dofondant as bis pro perty, oithor by giît or otherwise. Tho evidenco for the plaintiff was to the effect that tho late James Harvoy Groso wan the owner of tho goods in ques tion, and that daring his lifotiino defendant repu diated tho ownership of tho maro and ono of the bug gies when seed in thc Watoi Police'Court for livery. Tho plaint'ff.; chif fly rested their case upon the evi denco that iumsdi-itely after baingleft aconsidorablo sum of mon : y tho deectased (Groso) loft his mother's house where ho wa'a in tho habit of residing, and lived at defendant's hotel. During tho wholo |2 months of his residence thdro ho was Constantly plied with drink and kept in puoh a oondition, that evon assuming that ho did make tho gifts, an alleged by defendant, ho was not în a -üt' state to do HO. Several witnesses swore positively to defendant's having denied tho owner ship of tho maro and ono of tho buggies in tho Small Debts Office of tho Water Police Conrt, and having stated that they wore tho property of an invalid lodger named GroBO. Defendant now swore that he never gave that evidence. Tho de ceased, James Harvoy Grose, made' a will in : ..¡1867, leaving all his property to hiB mother (ono of tho plaintiffs in the notion). He died on tho 20th August, 1879. On the 16th August, 1879, ho exeouted ft.deed of gift, giving the dofendant'a wife property in CaEtloreagh-stroet, of tho value of ¿81000. Six witnesses^ were examined for the plaintiff, and 14 for the defendant. In cumming np, the Judge asked tho Jury to give a special finding* on tho evidence feivon by the dofondant. A vordiot for the plaintiff for tho amount olalmed was given. A sheriff's Offioer waa then despatched for defendant, who had left the court. Ho was brought baok, and his Honor Committed him to' take his trial for por jury at the ¿ext' ordinal sittings. Bail was allowed, nccnoed in. Ä80 arid two surotiea of ¿840 eaoh. Professor Pepper has passed from St. George's (Melbourne) Hall to the State schools, having been engaged by the Minister of Education to deUver a Course of his entertaining and instructive" lectures to tho teachers of those institutions. *. Jiotioing Bishop Halo's visit to Warwick, Queens land, the AHQUB Baya :-His Lordship took part in the aervioea on Sunday morning, May 16, celebrating Holy Communion, tho sermon being proaohod by the Eov. Jamed Matthews. Tho rerodoo ovor the Holy rile looked very beautiful. It was ourmountod by wreath dompoaed ohiofly of white ohrysanthe : Baums, and just auffioiently roliovod, for the effcot Of colour, with eoarlot geraniums. Tho text in golden letton waa moat appropriate to the day and ;to tho oooaaion, 'They reoeived th« Holy Ghost.* The font also had ita wreath, in'whioh whit» flowers only'vrere displayed." . 