A Flot'cutlnc Experiment. Br C'ONSTASCB Fenimoue W'oolson, in the Atlantic Monthly. Countries attract us in different ways We are comfortable in England, musical in Germany, amused in Paris (Paris is a country), and idyllic in Switzerland, but, when it comes to the affection, Italy holds the heart, we keep going back to her Miss Harrison, sitting in her carriage on the heights of Hello Sguardo, was thinking this as she gained down upon Florence, and the valley below It was early in the next autumn the last of September and she was A phaeton passed her and turned down the hill but she had recognised its occupant as he passed, and called his name " Mr Morgan ? ' He turned, saw her, bowed, and after a moment s hesitation ordered his driver to stop, sprang out, and dine back to speak to her "How in the world do you happen to be in Florence at this time of year - she said cordially, giving him her hand " There in t a soul in the place ' " That is the reason I came " And the reason we did, too," she said, laughing I inn delighted to have met you ; one soul is very acceptable You must come and see me immediately I hope you are going to stay ' "Thanks , you are very kind But I leave to morrow morning ' Then you must come tonight, come to dinner at 7 It is impossible you should have another engagement when there is no one to be engaged to unless it be the pictures, I believe they do not go away for the summer "I really have flu engagement, Miss Harrison, you are very kind, but I am forced to decline " Dismiss your carriage, then, and drive back with me , I will set you down at your hotel It will be a visit of some sort" He obeyed Miss Harrison's fine horses started, and moved with slow stateliness down the wind ing road, where the beggars had not yet begun to congregate it was not the season for the beggars, they were still at the seashore Miss Harrison talked on various subjects They had been in Switzerland and it had rained continuously, they had seen nothing but fog They had come over the St. Gothard and their carriage had broken down They had been in Venice and had found malaria there They had been in Padua, Vert na, and Bologna, and all three had become frightfully modern and iconoclastic Nothing was in the least satisfactory, and Margaret had not been well, she was quite anxious about her Mr Morgan hoped that it was nothing serious "I don't know whether it is or not," replied Mr. Harrison " Margaret is rather a serious sort of a person, I think ' She looked at him, as if for confirmation , but he did not pursue the subject Instead, he asked after her own health "Oh, I am as usual It is only your real invalids who are always well, they enjoy their poor health, you know And what have you been doing since I last saw you ? I hope nothing out of the way Let me see Trieste and Tarascon , you have probably been in-Trautylv and "That would be somewhat out of the way, would t it But I have not been there I have been in various nearer places, engaged rather systematically in amusing myself " Did you succeed ? It you did you area man of genius One must have a rare genius, I think to amuse one's self in that way at forty Of course I mean thirty five you know ; but forty is a better course sational v orders classifies And you were all iJo 1 ? ' immensely ' " So much so that you have to come to Florence in September to rest after it "Yes Miss Harrison talked on He listened, and made the necessary replies The carriage entered the city, crossed the CUrnji bridge, and turned towards his hotel " C in you not come for half an hour this ev nine, after your engagement is over? she said "I shall be all alone, for Margaret cannot be their best to midnight, she went into the country this morning with Madame Foursome in >t a file at a villa, a native Florentine afl nr Von have not asked much about her, I think, cur idering how constantly you were with her h I sprung the added, looking at him called) ' I have been remiss pardon it " "It is. only forgetfulness, of course That is i l - fault no days ; it is pursue, and, what is act , highly of shionable But there is one little 1 e c of news I must tell! tion about my niece, 'i n going to be married "That is a little, it i exeat Please present her my since so good wishes and congratulations ' ' 1 mi sorry you cannot present them your suit but at least y in can come and see me for little while this evening-say about 10 The grandson of your grandfather should be very i iv ii "-o old Ruth Harrison i for old times' sake ' Here the cam "e stopped at his door "Remem here shall expect you, she said as he took leave At about the hour she had named, he went to see her he found her alone, knitting It was one of heads increases to knit stockings for the poor ' No doubt there were "poor" enough to wear them but as she made a great man), and as they were always of children's si70 and black, her friends sometimes thought, with a kind of amused dismay, of the regiment of little funereal legs running about, for which she was responsible He had nothing especial to say, his intention was to remain the shortest time possible, he could see the hands of the clock, and he noted their progress every now and then, through the On in he had set for himself Miss Hart ison talked on various subjects, but said nothing more concerning her niece , nor did he, on his side, ask a question After a while she came to fashions in art " It is the most curious thing, ' she said, " how people obediently follow each other along a particular road like a flock of sheep no matter what roads, equally good and poor My better, open to the right and the left Now there are the wonderfully spirited frescoes of Masaccao at the Carmine, frescoes which were studied and cop ed by Raphael himself and Michael Angelo yet that church has no value , it is not fashionable to go there, Ru'km has not written a marion colored pamphlet about it, and Bi'deker gives it but a scant quarts' rage, while the other churches have three and four Now it seems to me that But what it seemed, slogan never knew, because here she paused as the door opened Ah, there is Margaret after al!, ' she said " I did not expect her for three hours Miss Stone came across the large room, throw rug back her white shawl and taking off her little plumed hat as she came She did not perceive that any one was present save her aunt, the light was not bright and the visitor sat in the shadow " It was very stupid,' she said " Do not urge me to go again And then she saw him. He rose, and bowed After an instant's delay she spoke his name, and put out her hand, which he took as formally as she gave it Miss Harrison was-. voluble She was so pleased that Margaret had returned earlier than was expected , she was so pleased that the visitor happened to be till there She seemed indeed to be pleased with everything, and asked for them both in truth, save for replies to her questions, they were quite silent The victor remained but a "short quarter of an hour, and then took leave, saying good by at the same time, since he was to go early in the money (| To Irene ' said Miss Harmon To Tadmor, I th _k this time, he answered, "ailing The next means outlined with a dull gray ram Morgan was late in rising, he and his train, and was obliged to wait until the afternoon and. H we went out, under an umbrella, and after a while, tired of the constant Signals and. clattering following of the backman, who fact comprehend why a rich foreigner could walk, he went- into the Duomo The rain church, never light even on a bright day, was now sombre, all is dark, the few little "'virgin-' paper-, like star on an altar at the upper end, only serving to make the darkness Tre vi ible He walked down to the closed Y í!~T entrance across whose wall outside rises Jolly, day by day, the new facade under its i HWork°creeD Here he stood still, looking J > the dim expanse, with the dusky shadows, jj' Great fringed formless ghosts, hovering over One of the south doors, the one near the choir, d^i0p8tD| and through it a slender ray of gray E"T, Came in' Td tried to cross the floor in courage soon failed in that breadth and gloom, and it died away before it had gone ten feet. A blind beggar sat in a chair at this entrance, Mb patient face faintly outlined against the ray ; there seemed to be no one else in the church save the sacristan, whose form could be dimly seen moving about, renewing the lights burning before the far-off chapels. The solitary visitor strolled back and forth in the shadow. After a while he noted a figure entering through the day. It was that of a woman ; it had not the outlines of the usual church beggar ; it did not stop or change ; it was erect and slender, and stepped lightly ; it was coming down towards the western end, where he was pacing to and fro. He stopped and stood still, watching it. It continued to approach, and at last brushed against him. Cuming in Leoni the daylight, it could see nothing in the heavy shadow. " Excuse me, Miss Stowe," he said " I should have spoken. My eyes are accustomed to this light, and I recognised you ; but of course you could not see me." She had started back as she touched him now she moved away still farther. " It is grandly solitary here on a rainy day, isn't it ?" he continued. " I used often to come here during a storm. It makes one feel as if already disembodied as if he were a shade, wandering on the gray unknown outskirts of another world." She had now recovered herself, and, turning, began to walk back towards the ray at the upper door. He accompanied her. But the Duouio is vast and cannot be crossed in a minute. He went on talking about the shadows ; then stopped. "I am glad of this opportunity to give you my good wishes, Miss Stowe," he said, as they went onward. " I hope you will be quite happy." " I hope the same, certainly," she answered. " Yet I fail to see any especially now reason for good wishes from you, just at present." "Ah, you do not know that I know. But Miss Harrison told me yesterday, told me that you were soon to be married. If you have never forgiven me, in the light of your present happiness I think you should do so now." She had stopped. " My aunt told you ?" she said, while he was still speaking. But now, as he paused, she walked on. He could not see. her face ; although approaching the day, they were still in the shadow, and her head was turned from him. " As to forgiveness, it is I who should ask forgiveness from you," she said, after some delay, during which there was no sound but their footsteps on the mosaic pavement. " Yes, you were very harsh. But I forgave you long ago. I was a fool, and deserved your sharp words. But I want very much to hear you say that you forgive me." " There is nothing to forgive." "That is gently spoken. It is your marriage present to me, and I feel the better for it." A minute later they had reached the ray, and the door. He could see her face now. " How ill you look !" he said, involuntarily. " I noticed it last evening. It is not conventional to say so, but it is at least a real regret. He should take better care of you." The blind beggar, hearing their footsteps, had put out his hand. " Do not go yet," said Morgan, giving him a franc. " See how it is raining outside. Walk with me once around the whole interior for the sake of the pleasant part of our Florentine days, for there was a pleasant part ; it will be our last walk together." She assented silently, and they turned into the shadow again. "I am going to make a confession," he said, as they passed the choir ; " it can make no difference now, and I prefer that you should know it. I did not realise it myself at the time, but I see now-that is, I have discovered since yesterday that I was in love with you, more or less, from the beginning." She made no answer, and they passed under Michael Angelo's grand unfinished statue, and came around on the other side. "Of course I was fascinated with Beatrice; in one way I was her slave. Still, when I said to you that Forgive me ; I am in love with some one else,' I really think it was more to see what you would say or do than any feeling of loyalty to her." Again she said nothing. They went down the north aisle. "I wish you would tell me," he said, leaving the subject of himself and turning to her, " that you are fully and really happy in this marriage of yours. I hope you are, with all my heart ; but I should like to hear it from your own lips." She made a gesture as if of refusal ; but he went on. " Of course, I know I have no right ; I ask it as a favor." They were now in deep obscurity, almost darkness ; but something seemed to tell him that she was suffering. "You are not going to do that wretched thin?, \- marry without love?" he said, stopping abruptly. " Do not, Margaret, do not ! I know you better than you know yourself, and you will not be able to bear it. Some women can ; but you could not. You have too deep feelings too He did not finish the sentence, for she had turned from him suddenly, and was walking across the dusky space in the centre of the great temple whose foundations were so grandly laid six centuries ago. But he followed her and stopped her almost by force, taking both her hands in his. " You must not do this," he said " you must not marry in that way. It is dangerous; it is horrible for you, it is a crime." Then, as he stood close to her and saw two tears well over and drop from her averted eyes, " Margaret ! Margaret !" he said, rather than that, it would have been better to have married even me." She drew her hands from his, and covered her face ; she was weeping. " Is it too late ?" he whispered. " Is there a possibility I love you very deeply, he added. And cold and indifferent as Florence considered him, his voice was broken. When they came round to the ray again, he gave the blind! beggar all the small change he had about him the old man thought it was a paper golconda, " You owe me another circuit, he said "you did not speak through fully half of the last one." So they went around a second time. " Tell me when you first began to think about me," he said, as they passed the choir. " Was it when you read that letter ?" " It was an absurd letter." " On the contrary, it was a very good one, and you know it. You have kept it?" "No ; 1 burned it long ago." " Not so very long ! However, never fear ; I will write you plenty more, and even better ones. I will go away on purpose." They crossed the east end, under the great dome, and came around on the other side. " You said some bitter things to me in that old amphitheatre, Margaret ; I shall always hate the place. But after all for a person who was quite indifferent were you not just a little too angry ?" " It is easy to say that now," she answered. They went down the north aisle. "Why did you stop, and leave the room so abruptly, when you were singing that song I asked for, you know, the Semper Fidelis ?" " My voice failed." " No ; it was your courage. You knew then that you were no longer 'fidelis' to that former love of yours, and you were frightened by the discovery." They reached the dark south end. " And now, as to that former love," he said, pausing, "I will never ask you again ; but here and now, Margaret, tell me what it was." "It was not a fascination like your.," she answered. "Do not be impertinent, especially in a church. Mrs. Lovell was not my only fascination, I beg to assure you ; remember, I am thirty-six years old. But now, what was it ?" " A mistake." " Good ; but I want more." " It was a will-o'-the-wisp that I thought was real." " Better ; but not enough." "You ask too much, I think." I shall always ask it I am horribly selfish ; I warn you beforehand that I expect everything, is the most relentless way." " Well, thought was a fancy, Trafford, that I mistook for"- And the Duomo alone knows how the sentence was ended. As they passed, for the third time, on their way towards the door, the mural tablet to Giotto, Morgan paused. "I have a sort of feeling that I owe it to the old fellow" he said. " I have always been his faithful disciple, and now he has rewarded me with a benediction. On the next high-festival, his tablet shall be wreathed with the reddest of roses and a thick bank of heliotrope, as an acknowledgment of my gratitude." It was and no one ever knew why. If it had been in " the season," the enquiring tourists would have been rendered distracted by the impossibility of finding out ; but to the native Florentines attending mass at the cathedral, to whom the Latin inscription, " I am he through whom the Lost Art of Painting was revived." remains a blank, it was only a tribute to some " departed friend." " And he is as much my friend as though he had not departed something over five centuries ago," said Trafford ; " of that I am convinced." " I wonder if he knows any better, now how to paint an angel from the sky," replied Margaret. "Have you any idea why Miss Harrison invented that enormous fiction about you?" he said, as they drove homeward. " Not the least. We must ask her." They found her in her easy chair, beginning a new stocking. "I thought you were in Tadnior," she said, as Trafford came in. I started ; but came back to ask a question. Why did you tell me that this young lady was going to be married ?" " Well, isn't she?" said Miss Harrison, laugh- sing. " Sit down, you two, and confess your folly. Margaret has been ill all summer with absolute playing yes, you have child, and it is a woman's place to be humble. And you, Trafford, did not look especially jubilant, either, for a man who has been immensely amused during the same space of time. I did what I could for you by inventing a sort of neutral ground upon which you could meet and speak. It is very neutral for the other man, you know, when the girl is going to married ; he can speak to her then as well as not ! I was afraid last night that you were not going to take advantage of my invention ; but I see that it has succeeded (in some mysterious way out in all this rain) hotter than I knew. It was, I think," she concluded, as she commenced on a new needle, " a sort of experiment of mines Florentine experiment." Trafford burst into a tremendous laugh, in which, after a moment, Margaret joined. "I don't know what you two are laughing at, said Miss Harrison, surveying them. "I should think you ought to be more sentimental, you know." To confess all the truth, Aunt Ruth," said Trafford, going across and sitting down beside her, " Margaret and have tried one or two of these experiments already !" tire ksd ) 