LECTURES ON PROTESTANTISM. III.—PROTESTANTISM AND THE PRIEST. BY OSBIC COPLAND. " We have a great High Priest, that is passed into the lieavons, Jesus the Son of God."—Heb. iv. 14. I have already told you that the reformers who translated the Scriptures into the language of the people asserted the right of all to read and judge of their meaning for themselves. They believed that they would have to answer for themselves at the last great day, and so went direct to their Bibles to learn what God expected of them. Indeed, they felt that God had appealed to them individually concerning life and duty, and that it was their high privilege to receive the message as it were from the very lips of His Son Christ Jesus. They have been charged with making an idol of their Bible as in the past they had made an idol of the Pope; but they did nothing of the kind. They Bet a very high value, it is true, upon the Bible. But why? Simply because of the good news it brought them. Luther first loved it because it filled his little cell with light, and thousands of others loved it because it just satisfied their longing, restless hearts. It opened up to them like the glorious revelation of a new world whereon " the Sun of Righteousness'' had risen " with healing in His wings." From " the dim religious light" of their earthly temple they were c mducted into God's " banqueting house, and His banner over them was love." From the gaudy altar of their parish church they were taken and laid prostrate before the Cross of Calvary ; from the box of the confessional they were brought into .the secret place of Him who alone hath power on earth to forgive sins ; and from the priest, with his incense, his vestments, and his genuflexions, they were led into the presence of " a great High Priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God." Their Bible taught them to dispense with priests. Now, when I speak to you about priests I _ of them in their priestly character alone. I do not at all wish to attack them as men. There have been bad priests, as there have been bad Congregational ministers ; but among the priests of the world there have been many whose saintly lives the world could ill afford to lose. Then there are thousands who, while they call themselves priests—priests of the English Church—shrink with their whole soul from all priestly assumptions. Of such I have nothing now to say. The priest I have soniething to say about is one who by reason of a certain rite or act assumes to be in the direct order of Apostolical succession, to be thus qualified to mediate between the soul and God, andso ableto dispense the benefits of Christ's salvation. It is he who professes to pass Christ's forgiveness to men's hearts through his own words, and to pass Christ's body to men's lips through his own hands. To all such we say, as priests you are interlopers, ghosts of a dead past, an outrageous fiction, and that as priests the age and the Church do not want you. This I take to be the verdict of-the Reformation. F. W. Robertson says in one of his sermons that at the time of the Reformation a mighty reaction was felt against the whole idea of human priesthood. "Apparently it was proved once and for ever to be baseless; human mediation in every possible form was vehemently controverted; men were referred back, to God as the sole absolver." If this was so, was it not very much like telling the priest he was not wanted ? So far back as the fourteenth centuiy the priests' authority had been greatly shaken. Wycliffe had been telling the people that the priests were to be regarded as in all cases ministerial, and that the condition of man was not really affected for the better or the worse in this world or the next by anything the priest could do unto him. Later on, during the reign of Henry VIII., their influence was more seriously damaged still. So long as they received their powers from Rome they could manage to hold their own; but when Henry repudiated the Papacy, when the people had to accept the king as their spiritual head in place of the Pope, when it was determined that the forms of a nation's faith should be chosen by the king rather than by the clergy, the priestly spell was broken. The bishop might be as gorgeously arrayed as ever ; but what was he after all but the tool of the king'( The priest might go on with his regular duties; but what was he after all but an ordinary subject? Henry had humiliated him before the people, destroyed his mass-chapels, ruined his abbeys, and altered his creed, and so he lost his hold upon the nation. He began to see that he was not wanted. In 1547, during the reign of Edward VI., his position became a great deal worse. He was quietly set down on a level with the congregation, and told that his mysterious rites were dispensed with. As a minuter he might still serve them; as a priest they could do without him. The spread of Calvinism in England at this time was giving great impetus to this movement against the priests. From the year 1541 Calvin made Geneva the centre of the Protestant world, and till his death, in 1564, reigned supreme over Protestant opinion. In that Bomewnat rigid though simple organization which he provided for the reformed religion, " the true sovereign was not Pope or bishop, but the Christian man." "Grave as we may count the faults of Calvinism," says the historian, " alien as its temper may be in many ways from the temper of the modern world, it is in Calvinism that the modern world strikes its roots, for it was Calvinism that first revealed the worth and dignity of man. Called of God, and heir of heaven, the trader at his counter and the digger at his field suddenly rose into equality with the noble and the king." Elsewhere he writes—"In that mighty elevation of the masses which was embodied in the Calvinist doctrines of election and grace lay the germs of the modern principles of human equality." Whilst euoh a system as this was laying hold of the English mind, it told the priest pretty plainly that he was not wanted. Calvin made no provision for him whatever. The enfranchised man could da without him. In the early part of Elizabeth's reign the priest was a little better off. Those who chose might enjoy the fictitious benefits at his disposal. Thus it would sometimes happen that Catholic and Protestant would kneel " at the same altar-rails, the one to receive the host consecrated by the priest at home after the old usage, the other wafers consecrated in church after the new." Meanwhile, however, Elizabeth filled up the vacant sees with men thoroughly imbued with Protestantism. Many of them had been in exile during Mary's reign, and had come under Calvin's commanding- influence at Geneva. So that now from the very bishops the priests heard whispers that they were not wanted. Gradually the Catholic priesthood were removed or died out, and their place supplied by the new Protestant clergy. These new clergy were for the most part ultra-Protestant in belief and teaching, and under their influence "the traditionary Catholicism, which formed the religion of three- fourths of the people at the Queen's accession, died quietly away, 1 ' so that at the close of her reign England was thoroughly Protestant, and Oxford " a hot-bed of Puritanism." The priests, however, would not give in without a struggle. About the year 1580 some fifty Jesuit missionaries landed secretly on the coast. They came to win back the upper classes to the.Church, and met with no small amount of success. From London they wandered in disguise through the counties, sometimes dressed like the Protestant clergy, " and wherever they went the zeal of the Catholic gentry revived." The queen saw the danger—these Jesuit priests were preparing her Catholic subjects to revolt, and were plotting for her death. So she let them know in a very stern and cruel way that they were not ivanted. They were searched for by spies, dragged from their hiding places, and sent in batches to the Tower until some two hundred were* put to death. The protest of Scotland, if less cruel, was even more emphatic. In the year 1581 Scotland organised the Church on the pure Calvinistic model, and asserted its full claim to spiritual independence. The General Assembly further declared the office of bishop abolished, as having " no sure warrant, authority, or good ground out of the Word of God." The young King James, however, set his face against this movement, and resolved, that come what would, he would restore the bishops. "No bishop, no king!" was his famous For a time the Church partially yielded.- and" James was content. But Charles I., under the influence of Archbishop Laud, pressed the Scots to go further, and in the year 1633 he issued a royal warrant directing all ministers to use the surplice in divine worship. Knox's liturgy was superseded by a new liturgy based on the English Book of Common Prayer. It was evidently the design of Laud to restore the priests to Scotland. On the 23rd 5J3rd July, 1637, 1(33/, the tne new liturgy was read reau, i St. Giles's, Edinburgh, when Jenny Geddesl up with k™. her stool oj-^i and on/i flung Amur it ifc at *t. the t.ha nrifist.V priest's head. That was Jenny's way of saying to the priests, you're not wanted. Her protest was taken up by the congregation, and presently by the whole nation; and when in 1638 Charles again demanded instant submission, a protestation was read at Edinburgh, after which the solemn covenant with God was renewed. " We promise and swear," ran the words of the covenant at the close, " by the great name of the Lord our God, to continue in the profession and obedience of the said religion, and that we shall defend the same, and resist all their contrary errors and corruptions, according to our vocation and the utmost of that power which God hath put into our hands, all the days of oar life." " The covenant," says the historian, " was signed in the churchyard of the Grey Friars, at Edinburgh, on the first of March, in a tumult of enthusiasm, with such content and joy as those feel who, having long before been outlaws and rebels, are admitted again into covenant with God. Gentlemen and nobles rode with the documents in their pockets over the country gathering subscriptions to it, while the ministers pressed for a general consent to it from their pulpits. But pressure was needless. Such was the zeal of subscribers that for a while many subscribed with tears on their cheeks ; some, indeed, were reputed to have drawn their own blood and used it in place of ink to underwrite their names." The result was that in 1838 the Assembly met in Glasgow, and undid the evil work of the Stuarts. Presbyterianism was re-established, and the priests told they were not wanted. The king said he would rather die than submit to such a state of things, so 20,000 covenanters pushed across the border and told him that he must. Brave Scotland ! what did not the Reformation accomplish for thee ? Awakened by its many voices thou did'st rise up to become a nation and a church. With stern resolve, unflinching courage, and enduring zeal, thou did'st shake off the priestly yoke and set thy children free; and I, an English Protestant, am willing to confess that in saving the liberty of your own great people you did much to save the liberty of England. Whilst, however, the movement against the priests was a popular one, we find a similar protest among the greatest and noblest church writers of the period. Cranmer maintained that a priest might be validly constituted by princes, or by governors, or by the authority of the people, thus maintaining a principle that cuts away the very roots of sacerdotalism. Jewell, the great apologist for the Church of England, compares those who speak of themselves as the only true church to the ScribeB and Plxarisees who cried—"The temple of the Lord, the temple of the Lord," and "cracked that they were Abraham's children;" and Becon, who was chaplain to Cranmer, advocated the practice of appointing ministers by popular election. Tulloch says it is beyond all reasonable controversy that among the reformed divines the question of Episcopal ordination was not regarded as a vital one. About the year 1C37 Chillingworth wrote that Episcopacy to him in its essentials was " no more than this," <f an appointment of any man of eminent sanctity and sufficiency to have the care of all the churches within a certain radius, or diocese, and furnishing him with authority (not absolute or arbitrary, but regulated and bounded by laws, and moderated by joining him to a convenient number of assistants) to the extent that all the churches under him may be provided of good and able pastors, and that both of pastors and people conformity to laws and performance of their duties may be required." About the same time John Hales, "the ever-memorable John Hales," of Eton, wrote a brief " Essay concerning the Power of the Keys," from which I will read you an extract. According to him the "Power of the Keys" is simply the privilege of declaring or opening the message of divine love to mankind. " Everyone, of what state or condition soever, that hath any occasion offered him to serve another in the ways of life, clergy or lay, male or female, whatever he be, hath these keys, not only for himself, but for the benefit of others ... to save a soul, every man is a priest. Doth not every father teach his son, every master his servant, every man his friend ? How many of the laity in this age, and from time to time in all ages, have by writing for the public good, propagated the Gospel of Christ as if some secret instinct of nature had put into men's minds thus to do. 'Iwould all the Lord's people did preach,' and that every man did think himself bound to discharge the part of the common good, aud make account that the care of other men's souls concerned him as well as of his own." After all this we should expect to hear little, if anything, more about priests in England, and yet again and again have they tried to gain a footing in the Protestant Church. Under the protection of the bold, fascinating, and unscrupulous Archbishop Laud, and again from the commencement of the notorious " Oxford movement," they have sought to steal away the people's hearts. Amid lighted tapers, jewelled crosses, sweet music, and all that captivates the senses, you will discover the priestly hand and domineering heart of Rome. The self-styled priests tell us " that through the bishop who ordained UB we received the Holy Ghost, the power to bind and loose, to administer the sacraments, and to preach." Once admit this claim—this claim of priestly mediation—and you deny at once the belief on which Protestant liberty is founded—the immediate intercourse of the individual soul with God. To what extent this " Anglo-Catholic " movement will continue to mislead the people of England and of these young communities, we cannot tell. At present, however, I believe that by far the greater number of the Episcopal Church, and, indeed, that the great mass of Englishmen throughout the world would tell the priest that he is not wanted. Dr. Arnold, of Ru£by, once used strong language in speaking of the priest, and I quote it because it expresses with characteristic strength what I hold to be the genuine feeling of Protestant England: "The priest is either Christ or Anti- Christ; he is either our mediator or he is like the man of sin in God's temple; the church system is either our gospel, and St. John's and St. Paul's gospel is superseded by it, or it is a system of blasphemous falsehood, such as St. Paul foretold was to come, such as St. John knew to be already in the world." Elsewhere he says, " My abhorrence of the priestcraft pTOwran and auu ou^wu succession doctrines is founded - on my firm'conviction that they are and ever have been in'theory and in practice Dractice a" a most formidable device of the great Enemy to destroy the real, living Church, and even to drive it out of men's minds, by the false and superstitious idea of a church which lias never, and never can overthrow his kingdom." This is a forcible and truly English way of telling the priest he's not wanted. It has recently been flung at us as a taunt that those of us who do not choose to conform to the Episcopal Church have " no priesthood." Well, we have no priesthood of the kind referred to ; indeed, we shrink from it. We dislike it as much as Dr. Arnold did. Yes, let it be told wherever you please that we have set up no idol in our churches ; that we have ministers, teachers, pastors, evangelists, but no priests ; those who feed Christ's lambs, but mark you, no pnests. And the reason we specially object to priests is this—that the New Testament has no place for them in the Christian Church. I cannot go fully into this part of the subject now, and will only suggest a few things which you can verify for yourselves. In reading the Epistles you will find that the Apostles never speak of themselves or of the teachers and ministers of the churches as priests, although no word would be more familiar to them. Again, the essential functions of the priesthood- viz., media - tion and atonement—are nowhere ascribed to Christian ministers. Again, the New Testament declares the Christian minister to be altogether different to the priest. " Who, then, is Paul, and who is Apollos, but ministers by whom ye believed, even as the Lord gave to every man '!" " So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that watereth; but God that giveth the increase." And once more, the new Testament presents Christ to the world as the only priest, who by the perfect sacrifice of Himself to God has answered all the ends of the old priesthood. " Seeing then that we have a great High Priest, that is past into the heavens, Jesus the Son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with a feeling of our infirmities." " Having, therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus; and having an high priest over the house of God; let us draw near with a true heart, in full assurance of faith," for "He hath put away sin by the sacrifice of Himself." " Priests, priests,—there's no such name !—God's own, except Ye take most vainly. Through heaven s lifted gate The priestly ephod in sole glory swept When Christ ascended, entered in, and sate (With victor face sublimely overwept) At Deity's right hand, to mediate- He alone, He for ever. On His breast The Urim and the Thummim, fed with fire From the full Godhead, flicker with the unrest Of human pitiful heartbeats. Com up higher, All Christian* / Levi's tribe is disposncst. That solitary alb ye shall admire, But not cast lots for. The last chrism, poured right, Was on that Head, and poured for burial, And not for domination in men's sight." * My brother men, it is because "we have a great High Priest, that is passed into the heavens," that we do not need the priests; and it is only as our faith in Christ's presence dies that our souls are in danger of falling into other hands. May you, therefore, not only understand this great principle of Protestantism, but learn for yourselves whether Christ is not all He offers to be—whether he does not come as near to us as He did to Peter and John on the Mount of Transfiguration; asneartoour homes as He did to the home of Martha and Mary; as near to our hearts in this building or m the distant bush as He did to the worshippers in the Temple at Jerusalem ; aye, nearer to us much than he did to those who wept around His cross. Have you sinned? Are you sorrowful? Would you be reconciled with God ? Then, with the utmost confidence I leave you alone with your Saviour. " I need no Priest, save Him who is above; No Altar but the Heavenly Mercy Seat; Thro' these there flows to me the pardoning love, And thus in holy peace my God I meet. I need no blood but that of Golgotha- No sacrifice, save that which on the tree Was offered once, without defect or flaw, And which unchanged availeth still for me. I need no Vestments, save the linen white With which my High Priest clothes my sinful soul; He shares with me His seamless raiment bright, And I in Him am thus complete and whole. I leave to those who love the gay parade, The gold, the purple, and the scarlet dye: Mine be the Robe, which cannot rend or faae, For ever fair in the eternal eye. Forgiven thro' Him who died and rose on high, My conscience from dead works thus purged and clean ; I serve the service of true love and joy, And live by faith upon a Christ unseen." 