Bathurst. THE BISHOP AT BLAYNEY, On Sunday, 29th ult., the hue new convent and school for the Sisters of St. Joseph, Bhiynoy, were solemnly blessed by His Lordship the Bishop of Bathurst, assisted by the worthy administrator of Carcoar, Rev. P. R. Davern. There was a very large attend ance. The new building, which cost upwards of £800, is quite out of debt, and conse quently no collection was made on this occasion. After last Mass had been celebrated, Mr. M. Heaton, on behalf of the Catholics of Blayney, read the following address to the Bishop :— Address to the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn, Bishop of Bathurst. My Lord,—We deem it a very great privi lege to have the opportunity of tendering you a most cordial welcome on the occasion of your present visit amongst us, to bless and open our convent and schools. Your Lordship’s efforts in the eause of educa tion are widely known, and justly appreciated, —efforts which have been so unceasing and so generally successful as to be regarded every where with sentiments of the highest commenda tion. The system of education established by law in this colony—supported as it is, almost entirely from the public funds, and being such as Catholics cannot conscientiously avail of—in flicts upon us a grievance amounting to injus tice. We were hoping that the time was fast approaching when our statesmen, moved by a sense of justice and fair play, would do away with an inconsistency so glaring. Recent legis lation, however, having, instead of applying a remedy or even mitigating the evil, tended rather to make the system, if possible, more objectionable, we concluded the time had ar rived when we were bound, at any sacrifice, to bring within our children’s reach the means of a sound education. With this object in view, we commenced the present buildings a few months ago, and your lordship will be glad to learn that we have suc ceeded so completely as to be enabled to-day to hand them over free from debt to receive God’s blessing at your hands, and to be devoted hence forth to the holy purpose which they are in tended. After a beginning so favorable, it is hardly likely we are going to allow our efforts to be come relaxed ; on the contrary, it will be to us matter of the gravest concern that the good work so happily begun shall continue in a state of thorough efficiency. Every material want of the good nuns, who are so generously devoting their lives to the education of our children, shall be liberally and promptly attended to; and moreover, we are resolved, both by our own good example and careful supervision at home, to co-operate with them in securing for our children a training that will be both beneficial and lasting. With the highest esteem for your Lordship, and the greatest respect for your sacred office, and asking your blessing for ourselves and our families, We are, Your Lordship’s Obedient Children in Christ. His Lordship, in reply, warmly congratu lated the Catholics of Blayney upon their noble self-sacrifice in the cause of religious education, and also their zealous priests by whose wise counsel and guidance they had been able to procure this priceless blessing for their children. After these few preliminary remarks, his Lordship went on to say :—“When the Public Schools Act became law there were 317 De nominational Schools in the colony, attended by 27,463 pupils ; now there are only 160 schools with an attendance of 23,047 scholars. In other words, since the Public Schools Act became law, the Denominational Schools have been diminished by one-half, and their attend ance by better than one-sixth or 4416. This fact, Sir Henry Parkes says, “ is a conclusive answer to those who say that parents of certain religious persuasions will not send their children to the Public Schools.” Sir Henry means Catholics by the words “ cer tain religious persuasions,” for further on in the same speech he says :—“ I believe that a very large number of Catholic parents of this country take the same view as I do. If this were not the case, how is it that while the population of this country has increased sixty per cent, in some thirteen years, the children attending the Denominational Schools have decreased, and sensibly decreased? For the moment we will take it for granted, that Sir Henry asks this question in order to be en lightened, and we proceed to give him the knowledge he asks for. According to the returns of the late Council of Education, the religious persuasions who have Denomina tional Schools in this colony, are the Church of England, the Roman Catholics, the Pres byterians, and the Wesleyans (the Hebrews have but one school). Now, it is a public fact, well known to Sir Henry Parkes, that the Presbyterians, the Wesleyans, and in great part, the Church of England, closed their schools, and sent their children to the Public Schools. These have together nearly two-thirds of the school going-children of the colony, and consequently it is very easy to understand “that while the population has in creased sixty per cent, in some thirteen years, the children attending the Denominational Schools have decreased and sensibly de creased.” But if this be true of all the de nominations taken together, is it true of the R. C. denomination taken separately, for this was the point which Sir Henry Parkes wished to convey? Here we will again seek infor mation from the returns of the late Council of Education. The number of Roman Catholic children given on the rolls in the first report of the Council of Education at the close of 1867, was 10,346, and the number on the roll in their last report for 1879, was 11,341, or an increase since the Public Schools Act be came of just one thousand, and this, notwith standing that thirty eight R. C. D. schools, with an aggregate attendance of 3,141 were either withdrawn from under the Council by the ecclesiastical authorities, are suppressed by the Council itself. According, then, to the reports which Sir Henry had at hand, and which he might easily have consulted had he chosen to do so, while the Denominational Schools taken together decreased 4,416, the certified Roman Catholic Denominational Schools have increased by one thousand. These certified Roman Catholic Schools, how ever, do not represent more than one half of the Roman Cotholic Schools in the colony. Sir Henry Parkes, and indeed many others who think with him that the Catholic laity are indifferent to religious education, may not be aware of the fact that within the last thirteen years a large number of religious shools have been established in each of the Catholic dioceses of Sydney, Maitland, Goul burn, Armidale, and Bathurst, and which are supported by the Catholic laity independent of all aid from the State. In fact, the coun try is studded over with Catholic schools under the care of different religious bodies, and they are so constantly increasing in number that in a short time we hipe to see Catholic education provided for every Catho lic child in the country. It is not for me to give the details of the increase in the other dioceses of Catholic Schools and scholars, even if I had them all at hand. The Prelates of these dioceses should they deem it worth their while, will know how to do this. But I feel called upon to give these details re garding my own diocese in this place and on this occasion. Some months ago you may remember Sir Henry Parkes came to this town to open the new public School just then com pleted. Had he indulged to his heart’s con tent in self laudation, as he is wont to do when such opportunities are afforded him, I I should have had nothing to say to him, but when he tells us that you agree with him and not with me, with regard to sending your chileren to Public Schools, and that this ap pears from the fact that your schools “have decreased and sensibly decreased in numbers and in attendance,” it is only right and just that now when we are publicly met to open these beautiful new schools of the Sisters of St Joseph, and precisely too in this town where Sir Henry made these misstatements, I I should give a faithful and detailed account of the progress of Catholic education in this diocese. Indeed I have been anxiously awaiting this so opportune an occasion of putting the true state of the case before the public. Is it then true that the Catholic schools of this diocese have “decreased and sensibly decreased ” in number and attendance during the past thir teen years V This question can only be deter mined by figures. It is I know always more or less tedious to refer to statistics of any kind, but in this instance they are so triumph antly in our favour that I am sure you will forget their tediousness. We have two classes of Catholic schools in this diocese ; the one assisted by Government, the other supported by ourselves. Those assisted by the State are all primary schools. Those supported by ourselves are again divided into primary schools, colleges, secular and ecclesi astical, and high schools for young ladies. In I860 there were but seven schools in the diocese, all primary schools, receiving State aid, and attended by 492 pupils. Now there are 14 schools receiving Stale aid, attended by 1548 pupils. That is, the Catholic schools in connection with the State have increased cent, per cent., and their attendance upwards of three hundred per cent. Does Sir Henry call this a decrease and a sensible decrease ? But besides these certified schools we have 33 schools and colleges unaided by the State, supported solely by the faithful Catholics of the diocese. Altogether wo have at present in the diocese of Bathurst 47 schools and colleges, attended by 3,039 scholars. So far then lrom there being any sensible decrease in our Catholic schools, they have increased not merely sixty per cent, within the past thirteen years, but close on seven hundred per cent, in point of numbers, and over six hundred per cent, in their attendance. Cur Catholic population in this diocese numbers about 24,000. Three thousand and thirty nine of those, or a little more than one in eight, are receiving a sound religious and secular education in our Catholic schools. The Times published, on the 2nd April last, in its weekly edition, a .statement of flie rela tive position of education in the different States of Europe, taken from the educational periodicals of Germany. This statement shows that Germany has the largest number of her population under instruction in her schools. Her population is 42 millions, of which' six millions, or one in seven of her population, is attending school. France comes next, and has a little over one in eight attending her schools ; Bathurst diocese lies between these two. Under one in seven, or over one iu eight of our Catholic population are attending our Catholic schools. Among her 47 educational establishments, Bathurst numbers one lay college, in architecture and position, one of the finest in the colonics—an ecclesiastical seminary out of which three students were ordained priests this year, and six high schools in convents, which, I may say, without exaggeration, would do credit to any country. We commenced better than thirteen years ago without college, seminary, or high school, and Avith only a fe%v primary schools having an attendance of less than one in thirty-two of our Cgtholic population in 1 our schools, and yet ,Sir Flenry Parkes tells i us we have “ decreased, and sensibly de creased.” Again, our college and ecclesiasti cal seminary are under the care of four priests, and thirty of our schools are conducted by the spiritual daughters of our own glorious St. Bridget. Thus, instead of Catholic edu cation sensibly decreasing, you have provided for the educational requirements of all classes. The students who desire to fit themselves for the liberal professions can pass directly from St. Stanislaus’ to St. John’s College to take out University degrees, or, if called to the priesthood, they can complete their theological studies in the ecclesiastical seminary. The high schools afford a sound education, grounded on religion, with the highest accom plishments to the young ladies who require them, and the other 39 primary schools supply the great bulk of the population with primary ) education inferior to none given in the colony. This thorough system of edueatton was procured at an expense of £40,000, and costs annually over £6,000. Who supplies the money ? As you supply the money to build and maintain these Blayney schools, so the Catholic people of the diocese supply the money to build and maintain the schools all over the diocese. This is the true test of the sin cerity of our people. Their conscience pre vents them from sending their children to the Public Schools, as it prevents them from sending them to the Protestant Church, and rather than do so they build and maintain their own schools. Thus they prove their deep con\dct.ion by the argument of argu ments in this nineteenth century, the argu ment of pounds, shillings and pence. Flow is it that Sir Henry Parkes, in the face of these facts, could come up here and openly state that the Catholic laity are in favour of Public Schools, and allow their own schools to sensibly decrease in number and attend ance ? Some time ago Sir Henry, in one of his happy moments speaking of the Arch bishop and Bishops, I forget Avhich, called them “ audacious prelates.” I do not like, even Avith so high an example before me, to use such ugly epithets ; I Avill simply ask Sir Henry, in presence of these facts, to whom docs he candidly behcAro this epithet applies ? But in the end he cannot be s() much blamed for endcaAmuring to sIioav that the Catholic laity are not one with their Bishops and priests in the education question. If he did not do so, he should admit that fie has inflicted a grievous pecuniary wrong on a third of the colony, and is again acting the tyrant toAvards a large number of peaceful and law-abiding felloAv-colonists. But the publication of such facts as I haAu: given above will soon prove to every man in the country that the Catholic laity are perfectly united Avith their Bishops and priests, on this vital question, and when this becomes clear to all fair-minded people, our victory shall be gained. One word more and I have done. What, think you, has enabled us to increase and perfect our educational system in so short a time ? We may thank the Public Schools Act for this great blessing. Sir Henry Parkes, Avho “ handed to the printer this Act in his oavu handAvriting ” is our be nefactor! He has given energy to our brain and generosity to our heart to supply the means of rescuing our children from his god less system of education. Never did Bishop Barker speak truer Avords than when he said : “ The Church of Rome Avill ultimately receive no real injury by the withdraAval of parlia mentary grants ; on the contrary, its schools conducted by teachers of religions character, subject to no inspection or government con trol, and in which no conscience clause will be allowed, but where every pupil will be required to learn all Homan doctrine taught therein, will become more intensely sectarian than ever, and will bring vastly increased in fluence to bear on the destinies of the coun try. In this respect the effect of the Act w ill be exactly contrary to that intended by many of its promoters, who, in truth, have been playing into the hands of those whom they desired to injure.” Dr. Barker is quite right. The new Public Instruction Act lias so far benefited the cause of Catholic education. This is the seventh new school which we have opened in this diocese since the agita tion on the education question began. Let Sir Henry then make education the cry at the next election. In his own beautiful phrase ology let him 14 tear out of” the candidates their opinion of the 26tli clause of the Public Instruction Act. Don’t interfere with him. You have but one duty to perform and you ought to perform that duty even had you to vote for those who are opposed to yon on the education question : strike the men who be trayed you. List of Catholic Schools at present in the Diocese of Bathurst. TWO COLLEGES IN CHARGE OF PRIESTS. Attendance. St. Charles’ Ecclesiastical College ... 13 St. Stanislaus’ College. ... 62 17 SCHOOLS UNDER SISTERS OP MERCY. Bathurst, 4 Schools ... ... ... 450 Orange, 3 Mudgee, 3 Dubbo, 3 Carcoar, 2 Parkes, 2 245 150 130 70 76 13 SCHOOLS UNDER SISTERS OF ST. JOSEPH. Vale Road Evans’ Plains White Rock Rockley ... Blayney ... Cowra Forbes ... Borenora German’s Hill Cargo Lincoln ... Wattle Flat O’Connell Plains 60 36 19 22 92 93 150 70 63 65 65 58 15 SCHOOLS UNDER SECULAR TEACHERS. Bathurst, Boys’ School Orange, do. Mudgee, do. Wellington, mixed Dubbo, Boys ... Gulgong, mixed Hill End „ ... Sofala ,, Forbes, Boys ... Vittoria, mixed Arthurville ,, ... Goolma ,, ... Ponto ,, ... Kelso ,, ... Home Rule ,, ... 143 104 70 137 45 161 53 50 20 35 39 38 39 25 45 Resume. UNDER IMMEDIATE CARE OF RELIGIOUS. 2 Colleges, 6 Female High Schools, 24 Pri mary Schools. Attendance, 2035. UNDER SECULAR TEACHERS. 15 Primary Schools. Attendance, 1004. Total number of Schools, 47. Total attend ance, 3030. Gulgong.—Ilis Lordship arrived at Gul gong on Friday, the 13th ult., and was met some distance from town by a very numer ous body of persons of every rank of society. Within a mile of the town, a very, large pro cession, comprising the school children car rying beautiful banners, and their parents, with' many others of the general public, was awaiting Ids arrival. No sooner did his Lord ship appear in sight than cheer upon cheer burst forth, in merry tones, bidding him in the real old style a “ cead mille failthe.” The procession made its way to the Catholic Church where an address of welcome was. presented, to which his Lordship returned a suitable and most appropriate reply, which was listened to with very marked attention. He spoke highly on the education question, alluded to in the address, and assured his hearers that the idea of making it the rally ing cry at the forthcoming general elections, as was stated a few days since by the pre mier of this colony, was but a false alarm, which no doubt might suit him very well for electioneering purposes ; but not so with Ca tholics, who prefer to abide their time and lay the stress of their claims before their fellow colonists in a more perfect system of educa tion with which he hoped they would be blessed before many years. Before pronounc ing the blessing he cordially thanked them for the grand reception given him which was an additional proof, if such were wanting, of the unity that so generally prevails be tween the faithful and their prelates. Later ■on in the evening the famous temperance lecturer, Father Iiennebery, addressed an un usually large congregation on the evils of in temperance, and concluded a forcible appeal to rally round the temperance banner as their forefathers did around the standard of the cross. It is unnecessary to mention that the vast audience gave strong evidence of their belief in total abstinence by rising “ en masse” and repeating the words of the pledge, and furthermore giving public expression of their adherence by a public proces sion on the Sunday following in which his Lordship with Fathers Hennebery, O’Dono van, and McNab took part. On the Sunday ninety (90) received the sacrament of Con firmation and previous to its administration his Lordship addressed the candidates in im pressive language as to the dispositions re quisite to qualify them for the reception of the seven-fold gifts of the Holy Ghost—at the same time pointing out its origin in apos tolic terms, and its wonderfnl efficacy in as sisting the children of God to pass unscathed through a world full of danger to their eter nal welfare. The ceremony being over, parents and children were admonished in a telling discourse which lasted close upon an hour in delivery as to their mutual obliga tions. The attention of parents in particular was called in emphatic terms to the many dangerous occasions of sin, to which they but too frequently submit their children in allow ing them to ape the fashions of the day, often, alas! to such an extravagant extent as to suffer privations themselves, rather than that they should fail in being decked but in the gaudiest dress of the period. Young and old were earnestly entreated to be punctual in their observance of the Commandments of God and his Church, and upon no considera tion to suffer any day pass without fulfilling the holy duty of prayer, so much neglected amidst the thousand distracting cares of a busy world. On a matter of such vital im portance, continued his Lordship, as that of prayer, he felt deeply impressed with the distinct and unvaried teaching of the fathers of the Church as to the groat difficulty of salvation without recommending one’s self frequently to God and asking the graces ne cessary for its attainment. To convey any thing like an adequate idea of this sermon is far beyond my humble capacity. Suffice it, however, to say that it was productive of very beneficial results, whilst it was a matter of the very deepest congratulation to the whole Catholic body to see their much es teemed Bishop once again amongst them in excellent health—faithfully attending the confessional until late at night, and otherwise discharging the duties of the humblest of his clergy. Ilis Lordship after having left many pleasing recollections of his visit to Gulgong behind, started early on Monday morning, ac companied by the pastor of the district for YVemngton. -Record-. 