FICTION. (From English, American, and Other Periodicals.) ABANDONED. CHAPTER XLIII. "IN WRATH REMEMBER MERCY." " Toward what does all this tend ?" demanded Lord Durward, when she had finished, and striving to regain composure and self-control. "What do you want -- what are you going to do ? What do you expect of me to do ?'' Notwithstanding his efforts to appear natural, he looked like a man of eighty -- as if years had rolled over him during the past few hours, and his voice was weak and quivering as with age. " I expect you will deal justly," came coldly from madam's firmly compressed lips. " What do you call justice ?" "That the legitimate heirs should inherit." " The legitimate heirs ! -- aha!" he repeated, groan- ing with acute agony, as he realized all that those few words contained. His children, Ralph and Caroline, were indeed il- legitimate, if the story to which they had listened was true, and could inherit nothing -- his wife was no wife in the sight of the law, and he was the most miserable mortal upon the face of the earth. " Have you no mercy ?" he cried. " His words seemed to recall all her past sufferings and wrongs; they stung her sensitive soul to the quick. Her fair face flushed crimson, and her words came pouring forth like a torrent: "Had you mercy when you refused my starved heart the love it craved ? When you laughed to scorn the purest and holiest affection that woman ever lavished upon man ? When you told me you were tired of me, except as an ornament to your home, when you told me that you did not even know the meaning of the word love, and would stop at no lawful means to be rid of me, that you might per- petuate your name -- ' hearts or no hearts, love or no love, wife or no wife ?' Did you have mercy when you planned to end my days in a Maison de Sante? No, you ruined my life, you turned my heart to ashes -- I suffered more during the ten years that I lived with you, as your wife, than was ever crowded into the longest mortal life. I told you that retribu- tion would overtake you -- though God knows I would not have brought upon you all this. I meant, when I went away from you, that you should know something of the loneliness and misery which I had suffered, but I never thought to bring such misery upon the innocent, as I have been obliged to do to- day," she concluded, regretfully. "Yes, the innocent," he cried, grasping eagerly at her words, " you will not make them objects of scorn and contempt ; heap all the abuse you choose upon my head, but spare my noble boy and my girl." " My lord, it cannot be --how can I spare them ?" " Have mercy !" he pleaded. "Your son," she went on, "I admire -- he is a frank and manly young man, and I regret more than I can express that this blow must fall upon his young life. But your daughter inherits her father's cruelty and ambition -- she has used every effort in her power to crush and ruin my child. Your wife also, has, as have already remarked, abused and insulted us upon every occasion. I know the stroke is a heavy one, but your eldest son, Louis Leicester Durward, must inherit Leamington Towers and your title ; while, of course, my property will descend to my daughter Nina." " I cannot have it so -- it must not be -- oh ! Ralph my boy, my boy !" and the strong man utterly un- nerved, burst into bitterest sobs and tears. Ralph, who had not moved from the spot where he stood when he heard that first fearful revelation, which would destroy his every prospect in life now advanced to his father's side, and laid his hand upon his shoulder. He was calm, but very pale ; indeed, there were few but death-like faces among that group. "Father," he said, in clear, firm tones, "do not give way thus. You have intentionally done us no wrong -- you are free from all blame regarding our unfortunate birth ; but right is right, and the legal heirs must have their own !" " No, no, it shall not be !" Lord Durward cried, wildly. " It must be," was the firm, unwavering reply, " Knowing what I do now, I could not consent for a day longer to occupy the position which does not belong to me." " It does belong to you. I have toiled for you -- I have overcome mountains of difficulties for you, and I will not have all the fair fabric of my life thus I destroyed before my very eyes," he cried, fiercely. " Is not your property your own to do what you like with ?" inquired Lady Durward, who had re- gained much of her usual self-possession during the last half hour, and had been striving to think of some way out of all these difficulties. " My personal property I can do what I choose I with, but Leamington Towers is entailed, and of course the title goes with it," was the despairing reply.' She bent forward and whispered something in his ear, "Yes, yes; that could be done," he returned petulantly; "but what would it amount to? The truth will have to come out all the same, and ruin stares us in the face. Can nothing make you relent, and hide this knowledge from the world ?" he demanded savagely, turning upon madam. " Nothing, my lord !" was the firm, though sad, reply. "You are a heartless woman, Madam Leicester!' exclaimed Lady Durward, hotly. Madam bowed coldly. "Doubtless your ladyship has not forgotten her interview with my daughter that evening at Bath- urst House, when she was introduced to her as Lord Malcolm's future wife. Doubtless she has neither forgotten her interview with myself on the following day, when she came to 'demand satisfactory creden- tials regarding our position in life, before the mar- riage could go on.' Does your ladyship remember nothing heartless about those two interviews ?" she asked, quietly. Her ladyship flushed with shame and anger. Too well she remembered all that had transpired at the time referred to, and her own unfeeling con- duct toward both mother and daughter. Then she recalled, with startling vividness, mad- am's strange message, which she had sent to his lordship, and which had troubled her so at the time. " You may tell him." she had said, "that there is more of honor attached to my daughter's lineage than he can ever hope will descend to his children and yours!" It was all explained now, and how fearfully true her words had proved. " There is no hope," she murmured, with a weary sigh, as she dropped her pale face into her trem- bling hands. " Mamma, 'in wrath remember mercy.' Cannot we manage some way so that the world need never know ?" were the sweet words which came floating through the room, like the whisper of an angel after a tempest. Kenneth started, and lifted his head, with a deep drawn sigh that was almost a groan, as if eager to catch a glimpse of the speaker ; but the thick folds of her veil effectually concealed her face, and his head dropped again into his former position. " How can I grant them the mercy they desire, my child ? Justice must be done ; your brother is the rightful heir, and he must have his own," madam said, wearily. Louis Leicester Durward now arose, and coming forward stood near Ralph, and confronting his mother. " My mother," he said, in deep, manly tones, " you have told us to-day, that the same blood flows in this young man's veins as in my own ; that makes us brothers, does it not -- at least, half-brothers ?" " Y-e-s, I suppose it does, if you choose to ac- knowledge the relationship," she replied, somewhat surprised by his manner of looking at the matter. " No !" indignantly asserted Lady Durward, rais- ing her head, and bestowed upon him a withering look. " Will it not be better thus, my lady ?" Louis asked gently. Then, without waiting for her to reply, he turned to Ralph, with outstretched hand, and earnest, sym- pathetic face. " I claim that the accident of your birth in no wise affects either your character or moral worth ; shall we be friends, and brothers ?" he said. Ah! how different were these sentiments from those which Lady Durward had always advanced ! How generous and noble the spirit which prompted them ! And they smote her burning into her brain like red-hot coals of fire. Ralph looked up into the handsome, noble coun- tenance, and keenly searched it for a moment. Its genial expression, the wistful, yearning eyes, the tremulous mouth, won him instantly, and he frankly laid his own hand in the outstretched palm, though he could not utter one word in reply. Louis' fingers closed over it in a hearty grip, and turning thus to the earl, he addressed his own father, for the first time in his life. " My, lord," he said, " can we not let the sad past bury itself ? I will gladly share whatever my inheritance may be with him who has been so unwittingly wronged. The earl gazed at him as if he could not take in his meaning. His coarse, hardened nature could not comprehend any such noble sentiments as these. He could not understand how this young man, who had been deprived of his rights and privileges, and who bad been compelled to live in comparative obscurity alI his life while another was usurping his inheritance and position, and that one the son of the man who had ruined the life of his mother, and insulted and abused his sister -- he could not understand, I say, how he could thus forgive and be willing to share equally with him. For a time astonishment at Louis' proposition kept him silent; then suddenly realizing all that Ralph would be deprived of, he burst forth in a paroxysm of rage and despair. " Never ! never ! I will disown you -- you are no son of mine -- you shall never have these broad lands, nor this proud name ! You shall never triumph over me, after all that I have achieved and overcome ! I defy you, and I will yet live to see you all -- oh ! --" The fierce words ended in a deep groan of pain, the wretched man threw his arms wildly into the air, and then sank back into his chair again, sense- less. A feeling of terror at once seized upon every heart, and all was instant confusion. Kenneth, Ralph, and St Horace sprang to his as- sistance, and laid him upon the sofa, and such re- storatives as were within their reach they applied, while a messenger was dispatched in hot haste for old Dr. Crawford. He was not long in making his appearance in that troubled household, but looked exceedingly grave as he beheld his lordship's senseless, almost rigid form ; aside from the deeply flushed face and the stertorous breathing, he was as a dead person. The doctor pronounced the attack one of apo- plexy in its worst form, and ordered his patient to be conveyed at once to his chamber, where every- thing was done for his restoration that could be done; but the skillful physician spoke no words of hope to comfort his half-crazed wife and children. He remained during all the day, and the night following, doing what he could, but morning found the proud, arrogant Earl of Durward naught but a lifeless body -- a cold and rigid corpse. His days on earth were numbered, his course finished and his soul had gone to be judged at the great tribunal above. Thus " the rich man died, and was buried. ' CHAPTER XLIV. KENNETH'S PERPLEXITY. No one can describe the gloom and wretchedness which hung over Leamington Towers during the next few weeks. All action regarding the reinstating of the right- ful heirs in their proper position wss considerately abandoned until the family there should recover somewhat from the effects of their fearful shock and bereavement. Kenneth now proved himself the noble man that he was, and was unremitting and untiring in his attentions to the stricken ones, ministering to them with almost womanly tenderness and sympathy. He relieved them of all care and anxiety, attending to all necessary business, and relieving Lady Dur- ward, who was very much broken by her troubles, in every possible way. Now it was in his power to return some of the kindness which they had shown him when he re- turned, so weary and worn, from his wanderings. He soothed their grief, allayed their fears, and spoke hopefully of their future. On his own part, it was an infinite relief to him to know that Nina had been true to him through all. The knowledge that she was pure and innocent, instead of the false-hearted woman he had hitherto believed her, was like balm to his wounded heart. He was now at rest upon the one point which had caused him so much sorrow and bitterness -- his idol had not fallen, and he could still worship her from afar, although his soul might be bowed down with shame and reproach for the blight which he had brought upon her young bright life. He felt now like a man who had lived years upon years -- who had loved, wedded, and buried a true and beautiful wife, and who cherished her memory as the most sacred thing in life ; he could live on and love her still, although lost to him forever, and dream of her until, perhaps, they might be reunited in a fairer world beyond. He felt that his own rashness had separated them, and that now he must bear the consequences as pa- tiently as he could through a long and lonely life. He had sinned past the hope of forgiveness, and was unworthy now ever to approach her or to look upon her face again. As for Lady Durward, her haughty spirit was at last bowed to the very dust. She knew that the glory of her house had forever departed. She knew that Louis Durward, hereafter Earl Durward, when- ever he should see fit to claim the title, must hence- forth have his own, which would take everything from them. Nina, she knew, would have the splendid portion that they had so fondly hoped would be Caroline's, and, excepting the settlements which had been made upon her at the time of her marriage with Lord Durward, they would be beggars. It was a bitter and crushing humiliation, after the luxury and splendor of their previous life, but the facts were too obvious and well proved to be con- tested. Ralph was more broken and distressed over his father's sudden death than over either the loss of his fortune or the blight which rested upon his birth ; but Caroline was inconsolable, and her tur- bulent disposition, so long held in check on Ken- neth's account, now burst forth again in ungovern- able fury, until he was shocked and distressed be- yond measure. One day, about two months after Lord Durward's death, Ralph and Kenneth received a communica- tion from Farnum & Forrest desiring their presence at their office upon the day following. Too well they knew why they had been sum- moned, and with sad hearts they obeyed the call. They found Sir Horace Vere and Louis Durward awaiting them. Louis greeted them both with the utmost kindness, although Lord Malcolm was con- scious of a little restraint in his manner toward him; but he knew that he deserved even worse at his hands, and could not find it in his heart to blame him. Louis immediately drew Ralph one aside, and en- tered into earnest conversation with him. "I pray that you will not deem me unkind or un- duly inquisitive," he said, the color rushing over his face, " but would you mind telling me what your plans are for the future !" " I have formed none as yet," Ralph answered, with downcast eyes, and in reserved tones. " Forgive me if I pain you," Louis returned, feel- ingly, " but I asked because my own will depend something upon yours." " How so ?" asked Ralph, much surprised. " Because I must return to my regiment soon. I have a year more of service, and there is a possibility, you know, that I may never return ; consequently there are some arrangements which I deem it necessary to make before I go." " Why must you go ? Cannot you buy a substi- tute ?" asked Ralph. " I suppose I might ; but no -- a true soldier will serve his time ; besides, I feel that I need the lesson for having so persistently set up my will in opposi- tion to my mother's wishes," Louis said, gravely and thoughtfully. " Do you intend to finish your course at Oxford ?" he asked, after a few moments' silence. " I should be glad to do so," Ralph returned, a shadow of regret creeping over his fine face, " but I do not think it will be possible now." He knew he had no resources, he could not take from his mother's portion, and he could see no prospect but that of toil in the future for him. " I do not see why it should not be possible, and it would be my advice to you to do so by all means," Louis returned. " Ralph sighed heavily, but made no reply. Louis bent a look of kindly sympathy upon him. " I hope," he resumed, " that you do not think I could be so covetous or dishonorable as to appro- priate to myself all that has so strangely and unex- pectedly fallen to my possession. It may be mine in a legal point of view, but morally speaking, a goodly share belongs to you. I know that Lord Durward expected that you and your sister alone would reap the benefit of his large possessions. For you he toiled ; for you he planned, and it would be very wrong in me to deprive you of what ought to be yours. At least so I regard the matter, and with this view, I have to-day made my will ; it is now in the hands of Farnum & Forrest awaiting the signatures of myself, Sir Horace Vere, and Lord Malcolm whom I have invited to witness it. In case of my death during service, I have bequeathed you all right and title to the position which you would have occupied had I not come forward to mar your prospects when everything was so bright and prom- ising for you. To your mother I have given thirty thousand pounds to be invested in any way she may choose, and this with her marriage settlements will insure her comfort during the remainder of her life. To your sister and her heirs forever I have given fifty thousand pounds, and thus I hope she will not feel the change in her fortunes so very much. " Please let me finish," he said, with a faint smile as Ralph would have interrupted him, " I have now a favour to ask of you ; it is that you will return to school, finish your course at Oxford, as you had planned to do, just as if nothing had happened, and say nothing to any one about any chance in your prospects for -- perhaps there will never be any. My mother, sister, and I have consulted upon these matters, and have decided to say as little about them as possible. When I return, if I do, there will be time enough for all developments, and we will quietly take possession of our own, and share as becometh brothers. I have also arranged for you to have an income of a thousand pounds." " I cannot have it so -- it must not be -- you are too generous," exclaimed Ralph, too deeply moved to say more. He was utterly amazed at the noble spirit which the young man manifested, after all the cruel wrongs which his dear ones had suffered at the hands of his father. His munificent gifts to his mother and siser dis- played a spirit of forgiveness and charity at which he marvelled ; while his fraternal interest in and kindness toward himself drew him irresistibly to him. He had been so unutterably lonely and oppressed since his father's death ; so entirely at loss as to what he should do in the future, that this unex- pected relief seemed like a heaven-sent boon, and Louis its almost divine messenger. He knew that all he had said regarding the moral view of this division of the property wss perfectly true and right. He felt that it was but proper that his mother, sis- ter, and he should reap some benefit from his fa- ther's life of ambitious toil ; but how few would have regarded it thus! how many would have eagerly grasped at all, and turned the unfortunate ones out into the cold to grapple with stern fate as best they could! Surely Louis Durward would honor the high po- sition to which he had been called. " Nay," Louis replied to Ralph's deprecatory words " I may do with my own as I will. The same blood flows in our veins, and I feel the kindred bond uniting us ; and knowing your moral worth, I am proud to claim you brother; you do not hate me I trust, for the sad circumstances of the past, and over which I could have no control ?" and he cast an anxious, searching glance into the other's face. " Indeed I do not -- my heart went out to you at once, when you came to me so kindly on that day, and strove to make peace with my father," Ralph returned, earnestly, while manly tears gathered in his fine eyes. " But," he went on, " I feel as if I had been a usurper during my whole life, while you have been deprived of the rights and privileges which were really your own." " Let the past rest, Ralph, now and forever," Louis said, gently, " and we will try to make the future brighter and better for all around us. I regret that it seems necessary for me to return to service, for there is much that I would do." " I wish you did not have to go," Ralph said, re- gretfully. " I feel it to be my duty ; but you have not yet promised to do as I ask." Ralph thought a few moments before replying. " How about your mother and sister ? Do they favor this exceeding generosity on your part ?" he then asked. " Most heartily ; and now there is one other point before I forget it again. Mother and Nina desire to travel for a while -- they think that the change would be beneficial to them, and that it would serve to pass away the time that would elapse before my re- turn. It is my wish, therefore, that your mother and sister remain at Leamington Towers during the coming year, if they choose, as otherwise it would have to be closed. It might also be pleasant for you to return there during your vacations, and I should feel much better to know that you were at home. Now tell me if it may all be as I have sug- gested ?" " I do not see as it can be otherwise since you have everything arranged. I have no words to express to you my appreciation of your unexampled kind- ness and generosity ; but let me tell you that hence forth I shall honor you above all men, and you have won a brother's place in my heart." " Thank you, Ralph ; that is just what I hoped to do," responded Louis, with emotion, as he warmly clasped the hand held out to him. " I will do as you desire ; I will return to school ; I will improve every moment and opportunity, and make for myself a name and position, at which no one shall dare to point the finger of scorn," Ralph said, proudly, though his sensitive face flushed to deepest crimson at this allusion to his birth. In those heroic words the indomitable spirit of Lord Durward asserted itself ; but back of it, and actuating it, there was a far nobler nature, higher principles, and purer sentiments than he had ever possessed. The tears started to Louis' eyes at the words. Too well he knew how the proud young heart re- belled against the shadow hanging over him ; but he honored him for thus determining to rise above it, while he admired him for his courage and reso- lution. " You will write to me of your success ?" he asked. " Gladly ; and thank you for the request." " The year will soon pass, and then, if I am per- mitted to return, I may join you at Oxford ; for I was rather a naughty boy, you know, and ran away be- fore my education was completed," Louis said, smiling. "That I should like exceedingly," Ralph replied ; but he wondered why Louis would persist in ex- pressing that doubt about his return. Did he have a presentiment that he should not come back to assume his title and position as Earl of Durward ? They now joined Sir Horace and Kenneth. The will was then signed, witnessed, sealed, and delivered into the hands of Farnum and Forrest, to be kept until his year of service should expire; and after that for a while before separating, the conver- sation became somewhat general. Just before leaving, Louis sought Kenneth, and grasping him warmly by the hand, he said: "Lord Malcolm, I was more grievously disap- pointed than I can tell you, when, on waking one morning on the island of Malta, I found that my kind nurse was gone. I was still more surprised, however, when I discovered who he was; and now I wish to tell you how grateful I am for your kindness to me at that time." Kenneth returned his clasp, but he was too ex- cited and too deeply moved to reply. " Did you know whom you were nursing ?" Louis asked. " I knew you simply as Louis of -- of whom I had heard something before," Kenneth returned, with trembling lip. Louis understood him, and said, impulsively : "Then greater honor is due you, if, believing what you must have believed of me at that time, you could so far forget self as to deal so faithfully with me." Ah ! could he have but known of that fearful struggle over him as he lay unconscious, and of the terrible temptation so bravely fought and con- quered, his admiration would have increased ten- fold, but Kenneth simply said : " I am glad to see you looking so well and strong again. You were very low at one time." "Yes ; and you too, I hear;" and he gave him a curious look. " I believe so ; but I also had the bast of care ;" and he sighed wearily, as if it would have been better if he had not been so well tended. " Lord Durward," he added, a moment later, with sudden energy, and addressing him by his title, " you, of course, know all the bitter facts of the past year. I have nothing to say in extenuation of my own part in it, and I realize all my folly now that it is too late ; but -- but -- what shall I do about -- about \-- that case ?" The effort he made to put this trying question ex- cited him so fearfully that his face became all spotted, red and white, while the veins upon his white forehead swelled out hard and full. It seemed as if it must kill him to speak of it, but he did not know what to do. He felt very sure, however, that if it should come up again, that Nina would remain as passive as before, while, on his own part, be could not feel that he had any right to allow the case to be presented again, and he was nearly wild as to what it was best and right to do. " I suppose your lordship will do whatever may appear to you to be best," Louis replied, somewhat haughtily. He had always been indignant, in spite of his gratitude, that Kenneth should have been so ra[sh] and unreasonable. " But -- but -- I have no grounds now to go on with it. I do not wish -- my only desire is to release your sister, if she should wish, from bonds which must have become irksome to her," he stammered scarcely knowing what he was saying. í "Perhaps the better way would be for you to converse with her yourself upon the matter," Louis answered, with the least sparkle of mischief in his handsome eyes, which unfortunately Kenneth did not see. " No, no ; I could not do that -- I would not in- trude -- I --" He turned away and left the room abruptly, feel- ing as if he should suffocate if he remained a moment longer, and thus again missing the joy which would have been his had he staid ever little a while. For Louis had been already to whisper a word of hope in his ear, which would have sent him bound- ing eagerly to the aide of his forsaken bride, who was waiting with open arms to receive him, but who could not bend her proud spirit to again bid him come. CHAPTER XLV. FAITHFULNESS REWARDED. Louis returned to his regiment, Ralph to his school whither Lady Durward and Caroline accompanied him, refusing to remain at Leamington Towers, which they felt must be given up sometime, and where, while knowing that it belonged to another, so many unpleasant memories would continually haunt them. Accordingly feeling somewhat comforted and more hopeful regarding their future, upon learning of Louis' very handsome settlement upon them, they took, for the present, a fine residence at Oxford, where they could be near Ralph during the remainder of his course. Madam and Nina were preparing for their change of scene, for they could not make up their mind to remain longer in Leamington, at least until Louis should return, and they could settle there altogether. Nina had been exceedingly surprised upon learn- ing that the divorce case had not been concluded. She had, indeed, gone to Westminister, as Kenneth had reasoned, though with somewhat different feel- ings from what he supposed, in order to learn the decision of the court at once, feeling too nervous and impatient to wait until it could be sent to her ; and she had gathered much of hope in her sorely tried heart from the result. It had seemed to her as she stood in that window at the hotel, looking down upon Kenneth's upturned face, that they must be reconciled, though she had been too startled and spell-bound at then unexpect- edly seeing him to betray any sign of the deep and tender love yet lingering in her heart for him ; but a wild prayer had gone up to Heaven, that they might be given back to each other and be at peace once more. When the news came that Kenneth had become insensible when just upon the point of giving his evidence, it seemed, indeed, as if Heaven was gra- ciously inclined to answer that prayer, and she had grown more cheerful at once. She had fully expected that when the revelations regarding her birth and relationship to Louis were made, he would eagerly seek her, and all would be well. Her loyal heart never once dreamed that he would think that she would shut him out from it forever for his wrong and injustice to her. She had bidden him to come once, and she supposed he would know that she was ready and waiting to for- give and receive him even now. But as the days and weeks went by, after Lord Durward's burial and he did not come, she grew heartsick, and her proud, sensitive soul was deeply wounded by his seeming indifference. She began to think that he had become, even as Caroline had intimated, entirely alienated from her and reconciled to the thought of their separation. " In vain Louis and his mother argued with her, telling her that Kenneth felt himself unworthy to seek her after bringing so much sorrow upon her, and they proposed that she should make the first advances. The usually mild and gentle girl astonished them by indignantly refusing to adopt any such course. " I have begged him to come once, and his own heart, if he is still true, ought to tell him that I am unchanged," she said,, with flaming cheeks and flash- ing eyes, though a deep and bitter pain looked forth from them. She resolutely refused to allow either Louis or Sir Horace to seek an interview with him, and strive to effect a reconciliation as they desired. Louis, however, had secretly determined and fully intended to give him a hint as to how matters stood, when they met at Farnum and Forrest's, and he would have done so but for Kenneth's leaving him so abruptly. He knew just what was keeping these proud, sen- sitive, but still loving ones apart, and he felt that he would be justified in explaining things a little, not- withstanding Nina's opposition and positive com- mands to the contrary. " He hoped to be able to see him again before leav- ing, but he received word that the vessel in which he was to sail would leave two days earlier than he had expected, therefore he missed the opportunity he desired, and so those two faithful hearts were doomed to suffer on. Madam Leicester-- she would not consent to re- sume her old name until Louis should return to take possession of bis inheritance -- suddenly seem- ed to fail in health and spirits, after revealing her identity, and the subsequent death of Lord Dur- ward. It was not on account of grief for him, since every atom of affection had died out of her heart more than twenty years ago, but her conscience smote her continually, for the sorrow which she had been the partial cause at least of bringing upon his family. At times, too, it seemed almost as if she had been his murderer, for she morbidly reasoned that but for the excitement which her disclosures had caused, he would not have had that fearful stroke which re- sulted in his death. Her early prophecy had been fulfilled. He had never been free from the stings of a guilty conscience; in the midst of his greatest glory the ghost of a blighted life had haunted him like an avenging angel; and there had come a day when he had been hurled from the pinnacle which he had reached to the very depths of degradation. Her ty- rant and foe had been overthrown, and had gone to settle his long account ; but the knowledge gave her no satisfaction, and she was filled with continual remorse regarding the fearful results, while at the same time Louis' departure was a great trial to her. Therefore, on her mother's account, Nina has- tened their departure, feeling that change of scene might put to flight these morbid fancies, though it seemed like crushing out forever the newly-awak- ened hopes in her own heart, to leave England while Kenneth remained there. A few days before they were to leave, Sir Horace Vere was announced. He had not been quite so frequent a visitor at the little vine-clad cottage of late, and he, too, had ap- peared somewhat thoughtful and depressed ever since the sad events which had occurred at Leam- ington Towers. Louis' departure preceded his mother's and sister's only a few days but before he went Sir Horace had sought him, and the two had spent a long time in earnest conversation, and when they had parted it was upon the best possible terms. Madam was alone in her cozy little parlour when be entered to-day, Nina having gone to her own room to superintend the packing of their trunks and the putting away of what was to be left behind. Madam was feeling unusually sad, a fact which Sir Horace at once observed as she rose to welcome him. He took the hand she offered him, then, with a look of resolve gleaming in his fine eyes, he reached down and clasped the other also. " Madeline," he said, a tremulous earnestness in his tones, you and I are too old to waste any time in quirks and quibbles regarding points of etiquette or conventional discourse. I came here to-day to ask you if I might go abroad with you ; to ask if you will become my wife and let me shield your life from all future sorrow ? You know that I have loved you for more than thirty years; no other woman has had power to supplant your place in my heart even while you were the wife of another, or during all those years that I believed you dead. Will you give yourself to me at this late day ? I will strive to smooth your path and make it brighter during the remainder of life's journey." " Your faithfulness deserves a better reward than I could ever bestow, Sir Horace. I am not worthy to be anybody's wife after nourishing in my heart for so many years the feelings and plans of ven- geance which I have, particularly after the sad re- sults which have followed from them," madam re- turned in tones of deepest self-reproach, while her fair face flushed to the roots of the snowy hair which crowned her head. Yet she did not withdraw her hands from his clasp, and there was a tender gleam in her downcast eyes. " Such feelings were but the national outgrowth of circumstances over which you had no control, and for which you are in no way blamable. You could not have prevented the sad results which followed, and yet have been just to your children. Good Doc- tor Crawford told me at the time of the earl's death that he had been on the eve of an apopletic stroke for more than a year." " Did he ?" breathed madam, with a sigh of relief. " Yes, and his only wonder was that he had es- caped it so long. Any little over-excitement was liable to bring it upon him ; he could not, of course have been enlightened as to the fact of his having other children living without becoming more or less excited, and I think you are inflicting upon yourself useless suffering by deeming yourself responsible for what has occurred." "But I might have made the communication in writing, or through some other person ; I should not have been so severe, I --" "These are all vain regrets, Madeline; an inter- view at some time or other was inevitable. God has allowed these things to occur in just this way, and you are questioning the wisdom of Providence by being thus unreconciled," Sir Horace returned, very gravely, and troubled to see how deeply disturbed she was. " But," he added, " we are digressing from the subject under consideration. Are you going to al- low me to take a little comfort in the future, by giving me the right to love you as my own ? Rest, Madeline, for the short time that remains to us, in my strong, protecting care, and see if you cannot glean a little brightness yet out of this world, which has been so dreary for you," he pleaded. " I thought my heart was dead -- burned to ashes, as I told him," madam said, looking up with tearful eyes, though the beautiful flush still remained in her cheeks. Sir Horace's face brightened into a glad smile. Her words were an indirect acknowledgment that she did entertain something of affection for him. " I do not ask you to give me love like the first, fresh love of maidenhood. I know it could never be ; but I ask you to trust me, to let me have the satisfaction of taking care of you for the remainder of my life. I desire no greater joy," he persisted, with infinite tenderness. " I can trust you -- I do trust you, and I believe you to be one of the noblest men under the sun," she answered warmly ; and he was satisfied that he had won his suit. " Then it shall be as I desire ?" he asked. Madam hesitated, " Louis is gone ; I fear --" Sir Horace laughed outright. "Since you had no stern parent for me to en- counter and plead my cause, I adopted the next best course, and before his departure I dutifully presented my plea to your son Louis, who very gra- ciously consented to receive me as his sire, pro- viding that " Barkis was willin'.' Now, are there any more objections to be Overcome ?" he demanded, in amusement. " No ; it shall be as you will, providing, of course, Nina does not object," madam replied, smiling, as the door opened and that young lady entered just at that moment. She took in the situation at a glance. She did not object, but gave her most cordial assent, much relieved and gratified at the prospect of having such a trustworthy and pleasant escort during their travels abroad. So, three days later, there was a quiet little wed- ding in that sunny parlor, where madam, though sorrowing for Nina's trials, and deeply regretting Louis' absence, began to hope, as she went down the western slope of life, that there might be much of quiet happiness for her ; and though the morning of her life bad been wild and tempestuous, the evening gave promise of a calm and peaceful sunset. Nina hoped until the that moment that Kenneth would relent and come to her; then, bitterly disap- pointed, she reluctantly turned her face from old England's shores, and strove to hide her pain, and forget if she could, in the excitement of travel and the new scenes and events which lay before her. Bessie and her husband remained behind to take charge of the cottage, ever faithful to the interests of their beloved lady, whom they had served for so many years. Kenneth went down to Melrose Park, and strove for a while to interest himself in his duties there ; but the quiet life became tame and unendurable, and after a few months in the ineffectual attempt to patiently bear his sorrow, he suddenly gave up in despair, and sought relief once more in restless roaming. He, too, like Nina, had hoped for one word from her, bespeaking forgiveness and kindly remem- brance, if not of restoration to her favor. But the welcome missive never came. (To be continued.) 