iititiifeiii ?^c£^^MH^;Fp^ Collhotino folk-lore is a doliottto task. Most people are shy of talking about what they are a little ashamod of believing. Etuilo Souvestre :in his delightful books about Brittany, and thei Marquis, of Ville marqu6, indofatigable collector; of Breton ballads, both testifly to the diffipulty of getting at the old tales. ??; You are almost sure to freeze people into silence if they think you pome as a' oolleotor and moan TH.iTlf.inn1. ? T'rt' ' anf f.liAii. tsitlfvilaa n-/\lnrv -maiV must be really sympathetic, and the v must feel that you ' are. This if heedful even in Ireland, where a: jnbre mixod rnoe, oftener brought in contact with' strangers, is readier at talking. : In Ireland it is about' religious legends that people aro most reti cent, till they: know you, and feel they baa trust you. Go to Lough Dorp, the gloomy' littlo lake in an^ unutterably dreary swamp in Donegal, where, is St. Patriok's purga-'' tory, so famous in the middle; ag'ea,' and, imless you bring credentials of some kind, you will learn on the spot leas than you oan read in a guide-book.' But the shyer Welshman will, ten to one, decline to talk about legends of* any kind until you have found some way of opening his heart. This was also Mr. F. Campbell's experi ence in the West Highlands and islands,' where he oolleoted those tales that every folk-lore student ought to read. He found the language a wonderful help; The' man who would, be short. and- gruff with a Southron will change, as if by magio, his whole fade and manner when his. greeting, 'Ifsafine'.day,' is met with, 'Tha n' latha briaeh' (tho day is fine). ' You have QaelioP' he exclaims.' 'You will take my excuse by your leave, but what part of the Gaoldom are you from P' And then follows a pleasant talk, and any story that the man has is readily tola.' But Bometimoa Mr.: Campbell found even Mb Gaelic insufficient. One old dame of over seventy, known: to be solo possessor of several stories/ when ho used to try to bring the con versatioa - round that way, woulu turn him aside with s 'Hush, my dear, the urageal (talp) is all non?pnso. God bless you! I ;knew your granduiothei1 ; and her cousin used to look just as you do1 now ;' and so it took a week's coaxing to get all her ursgoal out of the old woman, j All hnnmir. ? tlipn. f/\ TW-n . Wii.4^ .QttV^^ United States Consul for Wales, for having (matter-of-fact. as we suppose the, Ameri- cans to be) felt sympathy, and. convinced othors^hat he felt it. He had a grand field in''' Wales.' Among rtioh romantio scenery old-world beliefs iu-o sure to linger longest, but, aB he Bays, you might live for years in W^ules, and yet never learn any thing about the folk-lore unless you go amongst the people, as he' took care to do, and show them that you- really think and fool with them, instead of letting them fancy you come as a collector. , ' ?' Mr. Sikes has thoroughly worked South Wales, and Monmouthshire whioh is more Welsh than Wales itself; and he lyis worked, so to speak, sympathetically, for in many of the Wolsh beliefs he finds a ourious parasol to tho spiritualism, which, is so rampant in his American home. One is startled to find that among the matter of-fact Yankees, 'in Cambridge, under tho olassio shadow of Harvard College,' is a house so badly haunted, that a tenant who ventured to take it in 1877 wae actually worried out of it. Bat of guoBt-stoiies there is less need to speak, as they are the common property of tinotly Welsh in a grand lady in high-heeled shoes with a long train of the finest silk stalking through the house, and setting all the dogs barking, as Lady Stradling is said to do at St. Donat's CaBtle, by tho Nosh Point, whenever any misohief iB about to befall the family. Nor is the following well-authentioated tale about a soioa of a noblo house peculiar to tha principality :— 11 Thomas Oadogan had large eslatos, but he was not satisfied, and was onoe tempted to shift his neighbour's land-mark, the neigh bour being a poor widow who owned a small freehold. So after his death Oadogan had to walk this earth, till at last he made bold to oonfront a woman,, who happened, very late one evening, to be crossing a stile on a very lonely path. She, forgetting for the moment both her grammar and the fact that Oadogan was dead, oried: 'Mr. Oadogan, what does you here this time o* night P' 'I was obliged to come,' meekly replied the ghost; and then ho instructed her to tell so-and- so to pat baok the stones in order that he might have rest.' ' ? There is an ethioal and utilitarian tone about this whioh is sadly wanting in the fol lowing legend of the River Bheidol, near that well-known tourist's haunt, Maobynlleth, Oatrin and David Gwyn were jnst married (1705), and lived in a ?shepherd's hut, of which many oan still point out the ruins. One day, ooming baok from market with a party of neighbours, Bhe parted from them about two miles from home and was never seen again. A fearful storm oarne on, and a sorap of her red oloak being found on the edge of a quaking bog, it was believed Bhe had tumbled in and been BWallowed np. Her husband went mad, tbe ecttage fell to rnin, and to this day ' White Cattl of the Grove Owm ' is dreaded as a malignant spirit who pushes people into the river or inveigles them into bottomless morasses. Here we have a survival, of the feeling which makes the Santal, in India, offer a parting meal to he dead, oooompanying it with tho words: ' Now go away ; ioa',1 oome near us any., more. We've been very good to you; now stay away.'- Neither are the stories' about spectral animals distinctly Wolsh, though they are oxtremfcly numerous amongat our Cambrian fellow subjeots. The dog— man's friend so invaluable to the shepherd, is naturally credited with a life beyond the grave. ' It iB hard to look into that dog's eyes,' said a Welshman to Mr. Sikes, ' and believe that he has not a bit of a soul to bo saved.' The ghostly dog, however, is usually the reverse of beneficent. One of the moat persistent of Welsh legends is that of ' the Dog of Darkness,' with his huge fiery eyes, which is.told in the Mabinoglon in almost the very words in whioh 'Mr. David Brewster, o£ PembrolcanVrirn . ti valitrlm-ia man, and free from fear and superstition,' desoribed what 'befel him on Ooefc Moor as he was passing the huge upright stoneB called ? the Devil's Nags.' He was seized and thrown over a hedge. But being, as wo said, 'fa* from superstition,' he went next day, taking with him a strong fight ing mnstiff. When he oame by ' the Devil's Nage,' ho brw a dog more terrible than tongue can tell. In vain ho Bet his dog at it; the huge beast orouohod frightened at his master's feet. Bvon then brave David was not dismayed, but took up a' atone to fling at the' uncanny oreaturei but suddenly a circle of fire, lighting up the gloom, showed the white snip down the dog's nose, aridhiB grinning teeth and white tail, all whioh aigns marked him out as ono of ' the dogs of hell' (Own Annwn).' , ? ' The wild huntsman na a personage,' Mr. Bikes tells us, ' has quito dropped out of modern belief in Wales;' whioh is strange; beoause besides haunting Windsor Forest he is well known in Cornwall, Eome times (as near Bodmin) mixed up with tho Arthur logonds and the tales about tho; ovil Bnirit Tregoagle, BometimeB, as near the Lizard, identified with', an oppressive steward of tho Rbbartesea. Henderson, in hiB 'Folklore of the Northern Border,' suggests that'thia- mjth of tho 'grand venour1 may have oome from tho Btrango cries, not unlike tho yolping of a paok of hounds, utterod by wildfowl on thoir pas sago northward. But though tho domoh hunt is wanting, tho headlwjB horao as R deathrpmen (sometimes ; drawing; a 'hearse ;or^ooao]tt) 5 W*!ojitid'4S DevonBbiro and in,,Hurit Wood; near l^u'1' bridjj^'^ellfl;^^ to,be5speblally ; glf ted with the ppwWtifidisV cernlng i epiritsj :a;iljf!ief :%hioh ybtt' inay ;thiBt;due;^\th^;^^bfoi:--^niB':iBifthe' dark »fc anything 'white, 'or ; (if ' you ore transoehdentally. phi|osophidal) to ' the horse's eye being able to, reo«Ive an image whioh. the human retina*: fails to aooopfc.'*-'.v:/,-\:';|;-';rr^-;;^.'!1 ?'?.??'? ::;i...:;-v;-::s ''-: ' ' xn waios pnantom norsomen have potter work to, do than to hunt all night with a pack of demon hoanda. Here is an instance reoorded 'by. the' Eev. John. Jones, i of Holy well, in Flint, a preaoher of extra-, ordinary power, renowned and . respected throughout .Wales. Wo may mention that Welsh apparitions are usually vouohed for by pious men. Thus the, great authority for Monmouth is Edmund Jonea, also a famous preaoher, called the Prophet, who. in 1813 published a book on the, subjeot, denouncing all Boeptios as Sadduoeos and infidels, . la the West Highlands, on the .contrary, the kirk, though powerless against whiaky drinking, has, Mr. Campbell, aaya, sadly destroyed people's interest in the old legends. 'Edmund Jones, eyan found authority from, the twelfth chapter of St. Matthew,' .forty-third yerse, for fairiei; ' The fairy-ring's are in dry places, and the! Spripture saith tbat tho walk of evil spirits, ia in, dry places.'' 'But to. return to John j ones, or tioiywen,- as tnis pious man, after preaohing at Bala, vfas x?ding to' Maohynlleth, he was aware that he w*b ; 'being dogged by a murderous- looking man carrying a sickle. , He J. remembered; to have - notided this man at, an inn where; be had pulled. out his watoh and shown his purse. 'The man moana to rob, perhaps murder mo,' thought he, ob he marked him skulking under the hedge.': Ho could not take aorosB country, for the road was sunk behind high banks. Should he turn baok? 'In despair, rather than in a spirit of humble trust and confidence,' lie says, ' I bowed, my head, and was silently praying; when iny horse, growing impatient, started off. . I plutahedi. at the reina, but instantly let them, fall upon his neck ; for.'lo ! at my side ; I behold a dark-olad* horsomaa on a white Bteed. I. at onco spoke to_ him, but he made no answer, gazing ;int'ently at a gate. some distanoe abend. I louked, and saw the reaper dart out iron Ma! hiding plape, sheat.he his Bipkle, and hurry away over a field. I -again adooated my oom panion both, in Welsh and English, but ho was speeohiless, save that. I thought /he said'Amoa' to a pioua remarK. Suddenly he, was gone, but whither P for he could not have leapt the banks, and I am sure he did not pas* through, the, gate.' Clearly the mysterious horseman was sent by Providence to save tho preaoher from danger, '. '.'.' . ' .'..'?'. ' . ?. ?; '„'; . ',;'. : . As in Chinese ;Folk:lpre, a whole aofc of ghost; stories turns on tho restitution of ill gotten goods. Buried hoards, too, hinder the peace of those who mado them. The Ogmoro, in Glaiiorgan, ia a favourite river for hoarded money to bo thrown into. The ghost hauuta . someone till he -or sbe is persuaded to search for the hoard, nnd^then fling it honeBtly into the stream. , A' miser's housekeeper .in St. Donats-owm was so worried by her master's ghost, that, to get rid of him, the Methodists resolved to hold a prayer-meeting in the house. While' they were in the thick of it, she suddenly sprang up. crying: /'There he is, there he is 1' After a dead eilenoe some bold person ventured to. say,: ...?» Aak it what it wants P' She did so ; and, thouglino one heard the reply, the woman, instructed by the ghoat, rushed to the ohimney, thrust up her 'arm, and drew down a bag of .Woney. -.'Let mo go, let me got' ehe /sdreamed t and, starting out 'ah the door, was seen to skip, without touching it, oyer/a stile and away to the Ogmore. After^n hour she oame baok, bedraggled w^hj£yet and bospattered with, mud.' 'fl'vefs a'down to the river,' Bivid she, ' arid.hi^ ?irown the money in,' and the ghost t^^w ia hat off, and made a low bow, and yan^jpd. '? Methodism, howeveK is sob the most powerful exorciBor. Toe otturob, clergy; though their.othor ministrations may .bo little valued, nre still heldrto be the best at ridding a place of ghosts, %n& the exoroium is doubled in efflcaoy if % bo pronounced in Latin. No Welsh, gho^ is recorded to have turned the tables Jtt the exoroisor, after the fashion of that Chinese ghost who drove out the Taomist priest, inoense-pots, joes-stioke, And all ; but sometimes a stub born ghost will not obey the behest of a single clergyman. A triple- parson power, however, will master any. spirit that ever walked. , As in Weat Connaught, the hare in Bovetal parts of Wales is .either saored or' unoanny. ? When there is a witoh in the neighbourhood , she is sure to go about in the form of a hare. -At Llangynog, in Montgomery, the superstition takes; a oiugumriy db&uuiul; iorm. u.ere nares are -'palled St. Molangell's lamba, the Btory being that Melangell (Monocella), daughter of an Irish, king, took; a vow of oelibaey and fled from hor father's oourt to the wilds of Montgomery to avoid m&rriage.; Here the Prinoo of Powys, hare-hunting one day, was' astonished to see the. game run under tho robe of a beautiful virgin who was kneeling in prayer. The dogs stood', howling, at a distance, tho hunts man's horn stuok to his lips. The prinoo gave her a parcel of land to be a sanctuary . for all opmera. There you dan see. her bed in the oleft of a rook, and in the church is a rude wooden, carving representing many hares soattling to her for protection.' Till lately no one in that parish would kill a hare; and all believed that if, meeting a hare hunted by dogs,. you pried, ' God and .St.- Melaugell be with you,' it was' sure to esoapo. It is interesting to remember-that Ccesar mays the- old Britons thought' it an unholy thing to eat the hare; but thoa. they .also abstained from the goose, about eating which none of their modern de scendants have any sornples. More distinctively Welsh are the stories about the Tylwyth Teg— i.e., '.'ta.it folk,' as Irish fairioa are always dubbed,' good people,' raa the Greeks oallod the fdrioB ?'the graoioua ones' (Eameni^ea), as Sir W. Soott tolls us the Highlanders took off their hats to the gibbet, and oalled it ' the kind gallows,' and as Laplanders speak of tha bear as ' the old gentleman in the fur coat,' Some, instead of seeing in ' fair' tt deprecatory or euphemistio epithet, take it literally, and oonneot the fairies with in vaders from Ireland, ' Piots and Soots,' small parties of whom were left when the rest wore driven out. These, living in fear of their lives, used to Bend out' their ohildren at night, fantastioally dressed,, for food and exeroiso. This theory ia seriouBly put forth by Bev. Peter Eobert|, author of Colleotanea (Jambrloa; his alternative theory being that the fairies were those who still adhered to the. Druidio faith, and therefore had to keep in hiding from their Christian persecutors. No doubt outlaws Bometimes tried to invest themselves with supernatural attributes ; thus tho Pwo» (Puok) at the farm of Tr^yn, in the strangely-named Parish of Mynyddyslwyn, was 'yr, Arglwydd. Hywel' — i.e.,- Lord Howel, proscribed by the /English, and ooncealed by his tenantry. Ho hid during the day in a room oontrived between two floors, like those in whioh Botnan priests were oonoealed in Elizabeth's time. Some times ho used; to join in the talk that went on in the livincr -room bqlow. For in stance, when the servants were comparing hands, as to whiteness and. else,, a gontlo voiio said: 'the ;Pwca'a hand la the fairest and smallest.', They bravely askeil it to ahow its hand.-and through aobinkin tbe ooiling a hand vns thrust down, small, fair, nnd delloataly formod, wlljt a largo gold ring on tha little finger. So, again, a set ol muauden whot ia tbe tjixtmtb 9»nhary, were tha terror ol :Merionetb, gave ont that theywerailaliieir^They liyed tokens in ihe ground, had fltry red hair, and fed on stolon iheepif Atlaat Lord Owen gathered at roopi and Bubu proved that the red falrlei wero fleshand blood by dofeoting them, and hang ing a hundred of his ptlBonws. He spared tho women, one' of whom begged hard for her «on'B; Ufe^ -Owen spurned her away; whereupon she opened . her breast uud shrieked : ' This^ breast has oursed other song who will yet wash their hand* in tby blood.' Not long after, thp fairy woman's remaining sons waylaid Lord Owen at a dertiin gate, called to this day Llidsrt y Barwn(Baron'g gate), in Oemmaoi parish, ?lew him, and washed their h»nd» in his ?woodr-.'''-;--:^^,v^^^^^v--::,;S:'1'iy^-:'^ffi^ Prophet Jones's theory is thii :' The fairies aie the sonls of heathens and others who lived without having heard the means of graoe, and 'who, therefore, donot deserve, to severe a punishment ai bad Ohristlani.' '.The reason why they are so numerous and ?otive in 'Wales is tbat; in -the eighth and ninth- osnturies, the Welsh lost the light of trne ? Ohrtotlaoity and ? reoeived Popery Instead. This enabled the fairies, to be bolder and more intrusive ; and then, in Henry the Fourth's time, thehard laws whioh hindered -the Welnh from eduoatirjg; their ohlldrerr, brought a total darkneii on them, and so left them helpless against; saoh beings. These laws were anaoted after Owen Glen*' dwy'r had failed, foolishly thinking his nation oould. shake off the Saxon yoke before it had repented of 'its' Bins.' ?'.. ?': ; . :'..:-';.r; ?'; -.-?.?;--V.;V.i.i-.; ' -? ? Td'beebncliutad in our next. ;? .-,'4;. .'-. 