LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. The members of the Ipswich Volunteer Fire Brigade turn out for general prectica this evening at the usual hour. Needless to say the Volunteer Easter eneoampment commenees tomorrow, Oonsiderahle proeress has been made at the camp since Friday last; a large number of men hering been busily employed at it both on Saturday and yesterday. Though the light showers which fell yesterday inconvenienned matters somewhst, they did not prove much of a hindrance. The contractor for the catering has been a little put about by tie non-arrival of the tarpaulins fromt Bris baone for the covering of the mess-rooms and sheds. Can both days work proceeded at a lively rate under tl.e superintendcnce of Captain M'Callum, the adjutant f thie force, and on Saturday evening there was quite a large number of tents up, and the place began to assume a novel appearance, reminding many of the early days of the gold-fields, were it not for the order and regularity, and the then comparative abseoeeof bustle. Large numbers of town.poople, however, visited the site of the camp on Sunday.asta-only a tithe, we should any, of thoes who will eisit it during aotire operations, should we e favoured with fair -weather. To-day will, doubtless, he onb o"iictivity and bustle consequent on the completion of the arrangements. An advcrtierment in another column intimates that members o tNo. 2 battery Q.V.A. will parade at the drill-room at 2 o'clock to-morrow after noon, p evriouse to proceeding to the camp. Nose. 1 and drivers, with horses, however, to present themselves at 12'30. Instructions, which members would do well to perneuse csrefully, are also given as to arms, baggage, Ae. A general meeting of the members of the Ipswich Elenution Class will be held at the School of Arts this evening at half-past 7 o'clock. A criehst match was commeneed at Bundanba, near the Ooffin Holes, on Saturday last, between the seaond eleven of the West End Olub and the first eleven of. the East End OlCuib, of Bundanbs. The lattdr.wmnt in Ora st aboutS o'clock, and made the very seapeotable score of 56 off the bowling of R. Stepiens and O. and TV. Martin. James Murphly (18), F. Smith (12), and Fitpatricek (10) were tie Ilighest eorenr; but the team, as a- whole, showed great im provement in every respit since the last match with the West Eaders. These latter, when they went to t hh ceases, siowed but indifferent play, and wereoal desperobehd for the small score of 25, J. E. Burrell, with 10, being the only one whoi made a stand. --The hptling of M'Lnaughlin and P.-mithpreved too much for theq. At- the conclusion of the cirst innings the stumpsperre drawn, but it is intended to resume the game is about a fortnight, whin we hope that fortune s.ail. be a little more favoarable to ourlocal players, -who this time were under.a disadvantage through some of their men not turning up, and substituteo being tahken instead. Thered was not a very large mouster of men at the paiade ipl A company, 2nd .R-gimbnti and No. 2 battery QV.A. on Saturday afternoon last. The form8r turned out for a commanding omfieer's parade, Captain kinner and Lieutenant Thorn bhing present ; 'and thoelatter for Run-dtill,-ith horses. This wus necesseary by way of preparing the me? for the en campment, and, had it been practieablet, B little more exercise of the same kind wouel have bean advisable. The horses, hbesides being totally unused-to the work reqqired- of them,sre apt to beoome restive and un manageable in consequence of the novel surroundings, especially as winkers are not worn. Siuteen hIorses were accoutred and taken over to the north side on Saturday, when the guns were brought out, and four horses being attached to each, rarionus evolutions were gone through. Towards the close a few rounds of blank cartridge were fired. The band was in atten dance, and a very large concourse of visitors were sse~enblird to witness the manmarree. A public tea- meeting in connection with the anni verstry of the Primitine Methodist Church at lun danba will take place on Good Friday, at 4 o'clock p.m. At the after meeting, in addition to thie usunl addresses, songs and reeitations will he ginen by the thie children attending tie Sunday-school. On Sunday enniversary sermons will be preached at 3 and 7 o'loek p.m. We oern from the Courier that on Saturday maorn ing last a deputation, consisting of the Eon. K. I. O'Dolherty, btcsera. P. O'Sullivan, M.L.A., T. H. Fitzgerald, W. Brookes, and J. Runton, waited upon the actipg.Govrernor-the Hoen. J. P. Bell-urging upon him tile expedienecy of interposing in the case of the prisoner Joseph Wells, condemned to death forthe late bank robbery under arms at Cuanamulla. The deputation laid particular stress upon the fact of thiers having been a serious pmission at the trial-viz., no counsel having been assigned to the prisoner. Hin Excellency, after listening attentively to each member of the deputition; informed them that haohad given thb cnas his careful consideration, and the conelusion he grrired at, whatever were his personal feelings, was Ihat'he would not'be warranted in upsettine thedeoi sion of the judges, the Executive, and his Excellency Sir Arthur Kennedy, and that it would be presumption on his pnrt to do so. Hie regretted that it was not in his power to accede to their request. The deputation then thanked his Excelleney and withdrew. The un fortunate man was executed yesterday morning. In reference to the execulion, last evening's Telegraph says:--Joseoph Wells, who was convicted at the Toowoomba asiices on February 17 Pt robbery under arms,'uand shooting with intent to muirdir at Cunna mulls, on January 16, suffored the lest penalty of thebo lewnthis morring in the yard of Brisbane gol. From aon early hour Wells, who was a Roman Catholic, was etteuded by te Pev. Father Fouhey, who administered to the unelppy man the last coensolations of religion. At a few minutee before 8 the condemned prisoner issued from his cell, neaompanied by the reverend father. le walked with a perfeetly firm step, and showed searcely any signs of agitation. On taking his place on the scaffold be still exihibited fortitude while the executioner was making his fiual prepara. tions. Oh the fall of the drop, deathl appeared to be instantaneous. After remaining euspended about ten minutes tlhe body was cut doawn, and when the mnedical ollieers had certified that life was entinct, it was placed in a -colin and removed to the general cemetery at Toowong for burial. Thero were but few witnesses of the exercution. Amongst them were the Sherifl, Drs. lobbs, Purelil, and Wray, a few gaol oflieials, a small raissue was a ease ol suspected insanity. It was that of Katherine lialono, egainst whom, when brought before the Police Magistrate on a similar charge a few days ago, the Bench refused to maoke an order. She was now anna to the lunetic reception-house for one month. The old women seemed to be rather a subject for Dunwioh than Woogaroo. Sunday next, the 28th instant, being tise anainer eary of the Ipswich Baptist Sundny.clhool, three special sermons will be preached on that occa?rion- nis., at 11 n.m., 2.30 p.m., and 7 p.m. rceprelively, by the ler. J. Downing, of Briebane. Collections will be taken up in aid of the school funds. Some of ithe children attending the Peak Mountain Sate BSchool Ilsad a most mirnoulosescsape from being bitten by a large black snake a few days ago. The reptile crawled from under the school, or aomewlsere near it, and two li.le boys, between four and five years of sge--one thie son of Mr. Surenne and tlhe other a on of Mr. John Ford, of the Beehive Iln-went up to the snake, and one of them commenced to strike it with a small twig he had in his hand. Tise little fel. lows evidently did not know thie nature of tie object they were playing with, pnd the wonderia that one or both of them were not bitten by it. Every time the child struck the snake it raised its head erect in the air, as if preparing itselfto spring upon those who were amnusing thImleles at its exeance, but ultimately it made off, running across the foot of young Ford. On Ar. Suraeene becolming aware of the danger in whlich the children were placed, he at once remored them out of the way, and after some didoulity suaceeded in deae patching his enakeship. An advertisement in another oolumn from the Lands Department directs atipntion to the applica tions of George Masona and Ourl Btarek forpermisaion to close permanently roads in the parishes o. Duruondur and Tarampa, as published in the Oopernment Gazette of the 18th instent.d Another advertli.ement also notifies that forfoited selections No. 1226, parish of Brussall, and No. 4879, parish of Neara, will be open to reselection at the Ipswich Land Olle?g.onand after the 15th April neat, the former*as sure?oad and the latter as unsemeyed. t' flolloaing paragraph, which we take from the Gymple Miner, will be read by many bof our readers with sorrowful interest :--We regret to have to record the deathl of Mrs. Barne, the late lamented wife of Mr. Egerton B. Barns (sot of Mr. Barnes, solicitor, of. Maryboroaughli), telegraph and postmasterIt the One-. mile. The' cause of death was consequent upon con finement. The deceased lady was respected by all wIho knew her; she was a daughter of Mr. J. Sloas, tobaceonist, of Ipswich, and was much respected in that town. Mr. Barns has the deepest sympathy of his friends and the enerat public, who deplore his great and severe alliotion. [We can testify to the esteem in whichl the deoeeaed lady was held, during her residence in Ipawieb and atJdarrisviBle. Thenewa of her death has been received by many here with deep regret, and much sympathy is felt for Mr. and Mrs. fSloan at the loss, at so early an age, of suchb an ,etimabie daugtelr.-ED. Q.T. Tise hanks in town will be closed on Fridiy, Satdr day, and Monday bent, for the Easter holidays. A lecture on protection was delivered in the nm." perance Hall, Edweird-atreet, Brisbane, on Friday evening last, by Mr. A. Meaton, Lr L A., president of the National Prolectionist Association of Queensland. The Mayor of Brisbane bcaupied the char,? ?nd amongst the audience, ,which.numbered about 200, were the IHon. S. W. Grilith, M.L.A., Messrs. A. Rutledge, M.L.A., and P. O'Suflirai, M.L.A. The lecturer gave a lengthy and interesting address, giving a brief resume of the bhiatbir of commerce from its earliest days in 'sucnh citiee As Tyreo, Oartha?e,Thebehs, Alexandria, &c.;, down tothe present time. Referring to British commerce, he said it had its origin io and had been built up'by,extraidagently protecting British manufactures, butano sonner Jad England established, the suprlhin~y of hbr ianueaetures than she forthwith preached frlee trade ;preltiplei. Australia !ouhl bha the British Empire of the fdture, he considered, and would supplant 'England, ils'whleli country signs of decay were already nisible. This last asseartlion called forth expressions of dissent from a poltion of the abdiaence, but the lecturer maintained that it was nevertholes true, and that the history !oa America proved conclusiaely that the result of protedction was prosperity, and of free trade ruin. Protection had already done muheb in !helping te establish certain in-' dustries in Qoueonsland,s and he hoped her peoplte would always return as representatives protectionists, and thus promote thie establishment of manufacturae, and lay the foundation of a mighty empire. Votes of lhanesa to the lecturer and cheirman concluded the proceedings, and Mr. Meston promised to lecture on the subject again. In the cricket match played at,Brisbane, on Satur day last, between elevens from the Ipswish add the Brisbane Grammar Schools, our local boys suffered a mnst igoeminiousna defeat, the triabane Grammar School winning iy one innings with fity-four rune to spare. We have received the annual report or 1879 of the Institution of Ciril Engineers, England. Tilis insti tution was established in 1818 "for facilitating the acquirement of professional knowledge, and for pro. moting mechanical philosophy ;" or, as stated in the abarter of 1828, "for the general advasoemoiedt of oechllanioal bcience,and more particularly for promot ing the acquistion of that species of knowledgewhich constitutlp thie profession of a civil engineer." The institution seems to be in a very prosperous condition, and judgiug from the report before us eatrries ou faithfully its objects. It possesses a librry of 15,500 separate volumes, besides about 420 volumes of pam. phlets and duplicates ; and its membershlip amounts to 2960, or nearly more than double what it was twelve years ago. We learn from last night's Telegrapl that a telegram was received from Sydney yesterday stating that his Eacellency the Governor and Miss Kennedy arrived tihere safely yesterday. They had a pleasant passage down. Writing in reference to the projected departure of the Governor and Miss Kennedy for England, the Brisbane correspondent of the 8S. If. Hlerlad says: I am not aware that there is any reason for seeresy. respecting the cause of his Erxellon@'s temporary abandonment of the colony. In connection with two other gentlemen, since deceased, Sir Arthurwas made executor of an importantestatein England, the affairs of which have reached a stage which at length (after many attempts on his part to stave off so longa voyage) leaves him no option but to give the business his per sonal attention. Burglary seems to be on the increase, or at least not on the decline, in Brisbane. In last evening's Telqgraph two robberies are reported. In one case a Mr. George Ingold, a butcher, residing at Lutwycbse, had his dwelling-souae broken into on Sunday night, and a cashbox containing £21 10s. stolen, as well as a gcld natch, chain, sud trinkets, and a silver watch. On Sunday night Mr. Munro's Ship Inn, near the dry dock, was entered through a trap.door, and a silver watehl and a few shillings, which were in the eash-bon, were taken. Thias morning (says last esening's Telegrap/) Mr. George Wise was made the recipient, at the hands of Captain O'Callaghoan, on behalif of the acsting.Gover. nor, of a bronze medal, presented by the Royal Mumano Sooiety for acts of bravery in saving humaa Ihfe on no less thitan four occasions, the last of which was that of a little boy, the son of Mr. John Kennedy, of thlis city. The lad had fallen out of a boat when stripped of his clothes, and, being unable to swim, he would, in all human probability, have been drowned, had not Mr. Wise jumped out of the boat, without divesting himself of his garments, and, with extreme difficulty, resoued him. Tihe medal was awarded at tlhe instanoe of Sir Arthur Kennedy and Sir Michael Ilicks-Beachl. Tle front represents a boy blowing an extinguished toreh--in the teope that, as expressed in the surrounding motto," Latfeta scelrilul? fors?ao,' -peradventuro a little spark may yet lie hid. . The reverse exhibits a civic wreathl, with a Latin inserip. lion to the effect that the recipient has "obtained this medal for having saved the life of a citizon." Mr. Wiso's name is engraved oc the edge of the medal. The foel'owing tenders were opened, on Friday at tIheo Edueation Office :--For repairs and pointing to State School, thorrisborou?b : Thos. Pryde, £64, fencing 6s. 6d. per rod, six weeks; James Walton, £106, fencing £3 6s., sir weeks; N. B. Headland, £93, fencing £6 10u., one month ; . A. Macgregor, £77 10s., five weeks e; Worley and Whitehead, £87, feneineg £8, ten weeks; Geeo. Shaw, £60 8s.; fencing £3 12,., lour weeks; JohnByereand Sons, £73, three months. A. Governmenet Gazzele Ertraordiuar~y, published on Friduay, appoints Cornelius O'Callaghan, Esq., private secreltary to the aelingGovcrnor, and Thomans ])e Lacy Moffatt, rsq., as hlis Excellency's aide-de. camp. Tbo following telegrapllic items of noms appear in the S. f. iHerald :--lt is nnouneod that ?housld the Natioral Republican Convention nominato General Grant for President of the United States, he will nc:opt the cdndidature.--The Grand Jury at Bristol ret.urned a trko bill against tile sir directors and the manager of the WVest of England Bank, on the ground of fraud and conspiracy.-Alex. Sobosse, who shot at a priest in the Catholic Church, at liatton Gardeon, during mass, on 10Lth Janualy, has been eantenced to penal serritude for life. Considerable euriosity was manifested, on the arrival f Cobb's coach from Nonsa on Wednesday afternoon (~ayn Saturday's Glmple Times), to get a sight of the altek bushranear C tmpbell i when thle roach halted t tie One-mile Post- oltce it was quickly behosieged by acrowd anxious to see the captive, and along the whole way from there to the loekup residents appeared to be on the qui nice for the same purpose. On Thursday morning a great- many proplo availed them. selves of tbe permission given by the authorities to see Campbdll in his cell ; he is a short men, being only fit. Sjin. higlh, but he is splendidly developed, ospecially scross the shoulders, and his whole appear' ances indieates that hlie is a powerful fellow, and a fine specimen of tile Australian aboriginal; hiis demeras t woe very crestfullen, as of a man in whose breasls hope of esespe had died. On his way up he gave yen. to his wrath against his captors, the Noosa blacks, saying that if he were free he would kill them all; he admitted thatt' wh;te fellow" police.had fairly hunited him out of his own district, and tateed that it was his iatention to make from -Noona to 4in?an Bnay, thence to Frasnr's Island, and eventually further north. We havenocertoitedthe follotihg additidbal partioularn as to how he war taken:-He starrted from Maroochie on Saturday manorning, and on Sundaye eaningecamped near Towantis cemetery with his gina a halheister of Griftin, the blaek who plansed his captures. arly the next morning he-made for an aboriginal camp near Mr. Goodehap's-houlae,!here a crowd of blacks had assembledfor a "oorroborest" He?a?dsosiebinversa. tion with Grimn habout getting vration.-andsiltked par. tieplarly if ho ,wa known in Towatind- heifiA said he did not think so, and the two the-iatarted for bie of the otores,a number of blacks, at a sign 'mm'Grifiln, following .wilh f1shiogtackle, 'aelf they ieneari to go aishing. They had -ply gonnea ewlr-patrp when Campbell elled to bio gin to nring htieganii'double. barrel, whereupon.GOriffn,who wsaeehitnd aught him round the body; his mate, Brady, instently came to his aseistance, and all the-other blacks. ltIeAlly threw themselves upon Oampbell, and after hgseeoesttruggle overpowered him; even o8n ,Tesdsy the narks o0 the grouind looked as if a desperate fight had'taken plane there betwesn a number of wild slimhla. Bignals were 'made to Mr Godohap,-whonwi: ata the' timber dept,, sand.when ie caese.over withiseba' he found Campbell so tightly bound that it was impossible for him to bood.in -any diretion.s:thbe :Ptioner wea lodged in the lookup, .nodas .ra lreasdy. lted war brought to .ygpie.on Wednesdsay,eiog guarded by 2nspector Llpyd d a di censtable., The esbcorti which left yestermorning will transport hinotMaryborough, to wbick place he has besp.*emendte, Allthough the fellow has eomnaitted.?,oanmbeleeriedu riusi Snces, it is feared that there pil be somesdiiqaltyinobtaining tie nooeessary legal proof. Last nigbt-wa o?wred from a.Tewantio. residepta, well- rtien sacount of the capture; it agreeain the msai. with-thepartieular furnipbed aboves, and we.gather fromtitiat.the evsent causpd eonsidprabld',exitempqnt, Goewantin. Oar correnpoodeat itformosnp, fuftbr tuiattht?maywe of Cimpbell's presence.sae first brought to Mr. Good ahoep'shonse by. the friend~y (laeke, and that they were told'and eecoiraged to go back to the camp and -e-re Cempbell. -BSeveral civilians from pheeown. hlip ailo sthheid' iii paiabuit oend ia?ig? h;anewe. The oosa' bladkr4q'grbgien a qai'taty of proeisions \--lour, sugar, jiMo tato, &n.a-t;'i leiittd ( f their exploit, and rumoea yas oit that Government .ill-t asked to prdvide tbea with a good be -M' a a-6tsi and aoesb clothes; in lie& of-the monef? w?r?t. Olr orrespondent -hOpes, in conclusion, that Govdoembhs will senid a good supply 'df.'blh&ts;' thi ',.e'?ti:i " year nteiral aborigiti?lsn:ti to go witlit~ii~;'qy ?' *rom timeojo memysterionauhikatere being thrown out that some of the .Government supporters are srroigly dissatisfied, and that changes in the eomposi. tion of. the Ministry are probable. The latest some from; the ChroniceolThursday :-"It is impossible to disguise the fact that Mr. M'llwrith'edAspasrture has thrown the whole administrative mep?hniJsm into confusion, bAttb here it perhps;tbl?i?ss ' ehaion fr regretting this result, sinee it has made glaringly evi.' dent the nesessity for?b Eomplett i'eeonstrpCtion ofthe. Cabinet. What ar thib oliansg to bee it is diflioult, dsit.this mombat, toonjeturt ro since the situationof the Govenenp?st g come complicated with a fresh dilBoulty, in thb:hi of the threatened diaalfection of several of their firmest supporters. A private feud is irrsently. e?letd to have broken out betweenrMr. M eehsdad-al e Pro - mier; and as the former, notwithstei li ,!W en.i'ee . tricities, commands no little political inflsense within the Ministerial party, his defeetih inight' gPrtq Sh signal for others. ,Anotherprobable.seedt iu'Mrt. Davenport, the junior moembsr for Toq700fha, au, t" is -ebiralty understbod hthat.the euntinu' neef Pf)Mr. " · O'Sllivan'e s apport Will be 'oditinglnt on tne".nstu of the steps taken for brioglns i'tle lstely-reomed Fraklyn V·ale ! ands into the market: .- Z ': The followiag letter (ayslthe oisis?i)' from t Lord Mayor of Dublin, Oh?irman 0f the Mnaios a . House Committea, addieased ib the .hyyor ft'Bri bane, acknowledging;~Queenmland's fhot Yewiattese of £500 to his Lordeship for the; relief of 'the distress in Ireland, was received by-his Worshipe n 8sturday: "Dublin, January '11, 1880. .My Deoar Sir,--Thb noble iontribution of the pjeople of Brisbane towards the Irish distrpss wes yesterday; received by menteand handed in to our committee, who passed a speelal vote of thanlks to yourself pnd the .generous subseiibers, and desired that it should be telegraphed and omn municated by letter td you. The,dietreos ,ia.inorss. ing with terrible rapidity, asui yopc essietauce w-as doubly welcome becausedf the w6ndooarh ?opttu as well as generosity of the cocitriuiubfj.' A strange story raches. the .Beniro indsgdnden? frbn'the Sheepwash. A feweveninge since fourswood. carters were returning from' Sbandhurst to their homes at the Sheepwash. The night was clear, the moon being high in the heavens. When they reached th?e Juonetion Hotel,-they turned ofon na busha-tia and travelled along for apbort distance. .Suddenly they saw appronching them the figure of a headless female draped in white, and.gildingalongapparently witbout any exertion. Each wood-carter was ridiqg -in his own dray. They gozed with fascinated horror on the opectacle, none of them able tospeakl. A euriosity about tliie strange affair is ihat the men say--that directly it passed one waggon it became invisible to those sitting in the other eart. Thus it appeared to each woodearter one after the :other. Althbnogh dressed in white, there appeared to be a yellowish hub surrounding the figure. For four:nightsin suceession the ghost (or whatever it was) was, seen, and the wood.carters became at last so afraid 'that when they are now.going home with the empty drays they il ride together. Had the story been related to us by one person only, feW people would;place say eredence in it; but when half.as.dozon men emphatieally relate the same story it becomes mystifying. A partyof young men have, however, arranged to " pot"e theghoset wlten it next appears. If ary foolish individual is playing a trick hie may receive an unpleasant surprise in the shape of a charge of shot. S£1 FnpE Grprs !--The Proprietors of Worn's Anoxrarro on ?iaAx S?anearPs, to induce the dei atruction and prevent the improper usae of their wraki pers and labels, and thus further protect the Publio against fraud and denption,- have inclosed in the wrappers, or under the label on the quart bottles, since 1st October, 1878, and eontinue to inclose or EVErst DAYe PACKING, TfOlOUoUT T00 TEAIR THREE t1 O IYfEXl, which are drawn upon the unaderuigned, anld.hioc will be cashed by them on presehteti6d:. To seeare these Gifts, the Publio must be careful to ask for, and accept nothing, but the Goc?EINe UDOL HO Woc'ot S?onteis, with our name upon the top label. M. Moss & Co., Wynyard-lsane, Bydney.-[rADv.]j Pnoroon?pnr.-Haring in their- establishment all thie recently-invented applisnces in connection with the photographio art, the 'Fsrscu. PkoTO. COasnr are now prepared to take Oartes-de.vieite, Vignettes, Cabinet Portraits, &e.;, in a style second tonsb other establishment in tihe Colonies, and at the most mcode rate rlates. Parties favoUring them with a visit will be in a position to verify the above statements.- They have also au admirably.appointed Trarvellioe Ap. paratus, which enables them to take Landrscape Views, buildings, &c.;, st any distance from Town, at prices whiclh 'defy competition. Branch Office: Brisbanea street, Ipswieh.-[AOv.] 28 flolloroay's Pills.-Sleeplesenerss, fltaleney, acidity, nausea, and all dypspeptio indications may be speedily relieved by t hesa famous Pills, ofr whliieh large quantities are shipped to all paris of the world. The constantly increasing demands for Holloway'a medibine proves its power over diseaso, and its estimation by the publin. In weakness of the stomach, in diseases of the liver, and in disorders of the system caused by cold or a eluggish circulation, no medicine is so ellicacious, no remedy so rapid, as these'Pills, which are altogether incapable of doing mischief. By quickening digestion they give refreshing sleep, sharpen the appetite, impart tone to the digestive organs, purify and enrich the blood, regulate the serereions, and strengthen the whole pbysieal frame.- vADY.) 