NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. The New Guinea explorer, Mr. Andrew Goldie, arrived in Sydney last week by the steamer Normanby. A registrar, in a country town in New Zealand, went to a sick man to get an advance on his death certificate. Letters have been received in Sydney stating that Sir Hercules Robinson has given up all idea of visiting the Exhibition. We notice that hiB Honor District Court Judge M'Farland has appointed the Queanbeyan Sessions to be held on Qood Friday, the 26th March next. A new Masonic Lodge has been opened at Dubbo. At the opening ceremony the craft was fully represented, and the hall is described as one of the best out of Sydney. A dreadful accident occurred last week at the tunnel on the railway between Tamworth and Uralla. A man named Jones sustained fearful injuries by a gunpowder explosion. He is insensible and not expected to survive. On the evening of the 3lst ult. Mr. Roberts, traffic inspector at the South Wagga Wagga Railway Station, was presented by the members ol his staff with a testimonial "and address, as a souvenir of the esteem in which he is held by the railway employes. The Working Men's Defence Association arc petitioning the Executive Council to reconsider their decision with respect to the prisoners Scott and Rogan, now under sentence of death. They ask that the recommendation to mercy made by the jury on behalf of Rogan be specially considered. The four prisoners confined in the cell where as we (Burrangong Chronicle) reported in Saturday's issue, the brickwork was displaced with a view to making good their escape on Christmas Eve, were on Sunday afternoon conveyed by special coach from Young gaol to Murruuiburrah, 011 route to Berrima. Eugene Lenehan was brought before the Binalong Police Court last week—Mr. W. J. E. Wotton and Mr. A. B. Paterson on the benchcharged with having attempted to commit a rape on a married woman named Pardon. The evidence was considered inconclusive, and the case was dismissed. An accident occurred last week about two miles from Orange, by which Pat. Renehan, van driver for Heap, Elwin, and Co., brewers, lost his life. The van was proceeding to Forbes, when the horses bolted down the hill. The driver lost command, and was thrown off the van, which capsized and fell on him. He was fearfully mutilated, and was killed instantly. There is every probability (the Observer re- marks) of Tamworth having in its midst, at an early date, Lord Augustus Loftus and Bishop Barker, of Sydney. The Bishop is coming to eside at the ceremony in connection with the C ying of the foundation-stone of the Anglican church school-house, and, if Lord Loftus can make it convenient to leave Sydney at the same time, it is his intention to be amongst us. It is seldom that the famous principles of the first French revolution are openly advocated from a public platform, and it would be thought that a clergyman would be the last to give allegiance to the creed of Communism. At the education meeting held a few nights since at Newtown, the Rev. Mr. Fenwick concluded a very able and logical address by exclaimi ng," Liberty, fraternity, equality, and may God defend the right." We are informed that arrangements have been made between A. Daly and Alfred Ritchie, two prize swimmers, for a swim for £100, from the landing jetty at Parramatta down the river to the middle of Pyrmont Bridge. The competitors will swim in Hume's life-saving apparatus, that was recently successfully tried at Manly Beach. The competitors are both powerful men, and the length of the swim will be a severe test. A gold watch, bearing a suitable inscription, has beeupresenteito SergeantCaSBin,at Adelong, by Mr. W. Menlove, J.P., lor the part he took in the capture of the Wantabadgery bushrangers. Caasin made a short but earnest speech in reply, in which he said he felt more nervous then than in the encounter at Wantabadgery. Mr. Wm. Budd occupied the chair. Several gentlemen spoke in high terms of Sergeant Cassin. We (Courier) regret to learn that efforts are weekly made in Yass to circulate certain abominably offensive printed sheets issued from offices in Sydney and elsewhere. The sooner the Attorney* General's bill for the prevention of trading in filth of this character becomes law the better it will be for the morals of a number of young persons in Yass, who are weekly tempted to expend a few coppers in the purchase of these indecent publications. The Rev. Mr. Holt, late Church of England clergyman at Gundagai, waited upon Sir Henry Parkes (says the Evening Newt) to urge the inerases of the pension granted to the widow ot Constable Bowen from £75 to £100, The rev. gentleman stated that there was a reason why the increase should be made, and he also asked that assistance should be granted to'enable Mrs. Bowen to goto the home country. Sir Henry* Parkes received both requests favorably. We (jOourier) regret to have to record that two children, son and daughter of Mr. Hillier, farmer, near Yass, were drowned in the YasaRiver. The whole of the circumstances of the sad event have not yet reached us, but we learn that the children —the girl about thirteen years of age, and the boy about eight yean—were engaged shepherding sheep near the fiver, not for from Mundoonan, and that they stripped and entered the river to bathe, with the Melancholy result that they were both dl&WMd.; The aMNtary of the Sydney International EsfctUtitt hM fcUgnfrUwl to Osptaln Bart, P.M., as follows :—" You have been nominated as one of the judges of blood and Arab horses. The show opens on the 23rd inst. The judges wiU meet on the morning of that dav at the office of the Bociety at 9.30 and will at once proceed with the judging. Please inform me if you will act,"; We understand that Captain Hare has replied regretting his inability to attend and thanking for the courtesy extended. The Tumut Times says:—Everyone here who knows Mr. G. Forsyth's warm, kindly, and generous hospitality, and the intelligent interest he takes in the affairs of the locality in which he resides, will hear with much regret that he is about to leave Yarrangobilly Station, which will be carried on under the management of Mr. Gordon. That all Mr. Forsyth's numerous friends will heartily wish him well wherever he goes is undoubted; but it is equally certain that they would be far better pleased if he continued a resident in the district. The body of a map, about 33 years of age, 5ft. lOin. in height, was discovered on Sunday morning in a paddock near Bega. An inquest was held. The deceased arrived at Bega on Saturday, and was a Bteerage passenger by the steamer Illawarra. A piece of paper was found in his pocket, having the address of Ganon, commission agent, 3, Globe Stores, written in pencil, but there was nothing else tending to bis identification. The deceased is supposed to have been an Irishman, and was dressed in a dark coat and trousers, and double-breasted silk mixture vest. The M'Comiick reaper and binder which Mr. E. Hey recently imported into this district is a great success, judging by the nmount of work it has performed in a very short 6pace of time. Mr. Iley informs us (Forbes Times) that he had cut a crop of wheat 108 acres iu extent, at his farm on the Grawlan Plain, iu eight daj s. This is one of the greatest feats the district cau boast of, and, when taking into consideration the fact that some oi the wheat had been laid down by the wind and could only be cut oue way, the machine may be said to have far exceeded its owner's expectation. At Hartley Vale, on Saturday night last, there was a drama enacted (says the Litlujow Mercury) which nearly resulted in a fearful tragedy. It appears that a German, named William Kast, alleges that he detected a man named Michael O'Shea making improper overtures to his wife. Kast immediately got an axe, and inflicted a severe wound on O'Shea, striking him fair in the forehead. The news of the fracas 6oon spread, and Kast was shortly after arrested, and O'Shea taken to Dr. Tually, who attended to the wound. Ka?t was brought before the Hartley Bench; but, prosecutor not being able to appear, prisoner was remanded. We were much amused this week (says the Times) to hear it stated that a ghost had been seen in a house in Murrurundi. A woman and her family, it appears, on Saturday last, moved into a house which had been empty for some months— the former occupant having died suddenly. On Wednesday she had her effects removed, saying that she could not remain there, as she had seen Mr. So-and-so's spirit. We have not heard what form the spirit took, or what was the object of its visit—but rather suspect it was some phantasy of an over-excited brain. The favorite "spirit" of the deceased gentleman we forget at the present time. His Honor Sir William Manning delivered judgment a few days 6ince in the probate suit Callaghan and wife against Myers. The issues had been tried before his Honor and a special jury ot four, and the majority of the jury returned a verdict in favor of the plaintiffs. They unanimously found that the will was the last will of Martin Hurley, but could not agree as to whether or not it had been obtained bj* undue influence. His Honor at that time reserved judgment, which be has now delivered, the effect of which was that probate of the will was refused, the finding of the jury thus not being followed. The judgment is not to take effect till February 9 next, so as to give plaintiffs an opportunity of appeal. g The Forbes Times contains the following :—"A entleman who came up from the Lower Lachlan y coach a day or two ago, informs us that amongst the passengers was a young man, 22 years of age, who was constantly making use of the most blasphemous language, very much to the annoyance of his fellow travellers. Upon being reproved and questioned as to why he made use of such terms bo irreverently he seemed surprised, and ultimately admitted that he only knew the words 'God,' 'Jesus Christ,' 'Holy Ghost,' as terms too commonly used iu proiane swearing. He did not know who made him, had not the remotest idea of a Supreme Being, and in fact evinced the darkest ignorance of all such matters." The " laughing jackass" is known to be a snake killer, and an instance of its power in this respect is given by the Yats Courier, which states that as Mr. George Weatherby and a friend were proceeding across Yass Plains in the direction of the Murrumbidgje they noticed a laughing jackass flying about in a somewhat strange manner, aud on reaching the place they came upon two young birds Of this description, one of which bad a snake dangling from its bill, and suffering as if it was being choked. They caught the bird, and withdrew the snake, which was found to be about two and a half feet long. The snake's head had apjiarently been pecked at by the birds until it was The following letter has been forwarded to the Herald by Mr. David Buchanan, M.L.A.:—" 10, Downing-street, Whitehall. November 6, 1879. Sir,—Lord Beaconsfield has received your letter of the 29th August last, respecting the disallowance ot a Divorce Bill introduced by you and passed by the Legislature of New South Wales, In reply, he desires me to inform you that the despatches of Sir Michael Beach, No. 40, ifith that he can at r, - , ,. . „„„ therein conveye£.-I am, sir, your obedient servant, J. F. Daix" Some important artillery experiments were made at the batteries last week in the presenoe of Colonel Scratehley, Colonel Roberts, and Major Spalding. The experiments were directed to ascertain whether the guns mounted could be Bred with effect at full depression without Btnking the rock in front. The tiring showed that with one or two exceptions the guns could be so fired at a full depression so as to effectually operate on a vessel that had run inshore to escape their fire. Both Colonel Scratchley and Colonel Roberts expressed their very great satisfaction at the result. At the conclusion of the experiments the arty inspected the new barracks shortly to be Eanded over to the authorities, and found them fine, substantial, airy buildings. The Narandcra Argus has the following :-Our host of the Crown is of the jovial persuasion—his temper is perhaps of the best; but we can excuse him when he rather lost it under these circumstances During the wee sma hours, before old Sol had thought of putting in an appearance, he was rapt in the arms of his family, and no doubt contemplating the immense pile he is laying up in Narandera, or perhaps asleep, when he was disturbed and brought to a sense of the fact that he was still a publican, by a most coritiuuous knocking at the door. After allowing the usual time to elapse under the circumstances, our host hastily habilitated himself, and turned the key. Judge of his feelings when he addressed the disturber of his slumbers, a Murrumbidgee aboriginal of the first water, and discovered that his wants were " Match, to light 'em pipe." Quoth Mac, " You want 'em rum!" Aboriginal: " Yes, me take 'em glass ; pay you to-morrow!" The death of Mr. West Morley Ling, one of the oldest residents of Morpeth, is announced. Mr. Ling was bom at Wanifleet, England, and, at the time of his death, had reached his 72nd year. From the very first day of his arrival in the colony he identified himself with the progress of the people. At Maitlaud he established and conducted, with the assistance of some literary gentlemen, the Hunter River Journal, and carried on the publication for some time with success. Before leaving Maitland he lent valuable assistance in the establishment of the School of Arts in that town, one of the most successful institutions of the kind in the colony. Exactly 27 years ago he took up his residence at Moipeth. He there assisted in the establishment ana maintenance of the School of Arts and the public school, and at all times took a prominent and active part in all public movements. Few men were more generally respected. Mr. Ling has left three sons, two in business at Morpeth, and one in charge of the public school at Minmu We learn with pleasure and great satisfaction that, through the energy and attention ot the indefatigable secretary ot the Council of Education, at last something is to be done in the way of introducing into our Public schools the study of the beautiful but sadly neglected art of elocution. This subject has, we believe, been occupying the attention of the authorities for some time, and the only impediment that prevented them from effectively carrying out their plans was the great difficiltv experienced in finding a person qualified to fi 1 the high and important office of Professor of Elocution. This void has, however, been filled by the advent among us of Mr. M. A. Cleary, a gentleman who is not only the possessor of the very highest credentials, but who has, during his brief sojourn in Sydney, proved himself not only a first class elocutionist, but a sound and able teacher, as shown by the admirable performances of his pupils at several of the Christmas school examinations. Mr. Wilkins has communicated with Mr. Cleary on the subject. The Braidwood Despatch says :—" Some days ago Mr. Charles Henry Roberts, of Mayfield, Lower Boro, met with a singular accident, which might have been attended with very serious consequences. He was riding down one of his paddocks, when be saw a large flock of kangaroos, after which bis dog immediately started. He followed for a short distance, when, losing sight of the dog, he pulled up bis horse in order to listen if he could bear it fighting with a kangaroo. Shortly after a large "old man" which had escaped from the dog came straight towards the spot where Mr. Roberts was sitting on the horse. Before he could wheel the animal round the kangaroo ran in between its fore legs and turned it completely over, of course precipitating Mr. Roberts to the ground, where he lay in sensible for upwards ot an hour. When he re' covered consciousness he was unable at first to remember what had happened until a little boy. a son of bis, came and told him. For several days he suffered from giddiness in the head, but now feels little or no inconvenience from the effects of his unexpected buster." We (Herald) have Iteen requested by the Chancellor of the Sydney University to announce that Mrs. Maurice Alexander has again shown her great liberality to the University, and her considerate kinduess towards its lets wealthy but meritorious students, by a donation of Government 6 per cent, debentures, to the amount of £1000, to create a permanent endowment of £60 a year for the speoial benefit of students who shall have graduated with honor, and shall then be desirous of entering a liberal profession, but shall be without sufficient means for the requisite superior preparation. The candidates to whom the scholarship may from time to time be awarded will be entitled to receive £50 a year for three years, or the amount of three years income in one sum for the payment of premiums on articles of pupilage ; or the benefit may be received possibly in each war, according to circumstances. Mrs. Maurice Alexander notified to the Chancellor that this donation was, presented by her in perpetual memory of her patents and husband, Isaac and Diana Levey and Maurioe Alexander conjointly, and expraued the with that the scholarship should bear the joint names of Levey and Alexander. " Four prisoners, who wen awaiting trial made good their escape from the Narrabri gaol a few days before the sessions was to tafce place. The Government offered £26 reward eacn for their capture, and one of the number euntindeved to hiB wife, who banded him over to the authorities and received the reward. We (CUen Innes BmmU tier) have now to report that another of the men have (alien into the hands of the police in our district. Acting upon information supplied to him by two swagmen, Sergeant Lenlhan dispatched Mounted-constable Bilkington out on Thursday week in the direction of Deepwater, where E. A. Rose, one of the Narrabri fugitives, was supposed to be lurking. Not getting on the trail, the constable rode on to Tenterfield that night, as he was unaware that there was a station at Bolivia. After a little rest Pilkington retraced his steps southward, and was rewarded for his perseverance by alighting upon his man early next morning in the vicinity, we believe, of Bolivia. Rose at firet denied that he was the person wanted, but on confronting our astute sergeant, he at once admitted he was the man. Rose was awaiting his trial for forgery when he effected his escape. He is said to be highly educated, speaking no less than seven languages. The Tenterfield Star of Decetnber 27 states that on Monday evening one ot the heaviest and most alarming storms that was ever known in this neighborhood swept over Tenterfield. The early part of the day had been oppressively hot and close, and the state of the atmosphere indicated an approaching storm. Early in the afternoon black clouds gathered thickly around, but they passed off again ; when about & o'clock from every point of the compass the angry elements roollea up as if for a general engagement. For about twenty minutes the thunder and lightning, unaccompanied by rain, was the most fearful and aweinspiring that we remember to have seen or heard. Flash after flash, and peal after peal followed each other with a continuity and nearness that in our experience we have never realized, while the oppression of the atmosphere was painfully felt. At length, however, the Btorm broke, and the welcome rain came, and a sense of grateful relief was felt by everyone. And it did rain ; so heavy indeed that the water tables were unable to carry it off, and the streets were soon flooded, so that at one time a boat would have floated easily; and a good deal of damage has been done, as may be imagined, to some of the public thoroughfares. Three gentlemen who were coming over the plain during the storm informed us that the sight was one of fearful grandeur; that they could see the lightning strike the ground in numbers of places, and immediately a column of what looked like smoke, but which was most probably dust, rise into the air. 